 The U.K. will make it an offence, punishable by up to ten years imprisonment, to publish or elicit information about any police constable' 'Noone in our house works' US Cruise Ship Carrying Over 1,000 People Chased, Shot At By Pirates Off Somalia.' Icelandic banking system collapses, hundreds storm the central bank' Australians organise protests in backlash against internet censorship' The Guardian reports that, Tony Blair helped Murdoch overcome an official investigation which was jeopardising one of his big investments...' With tail between the legs, Pakistan finally accepts the terrorists were from Pakistan that rocked Mumbai' China reveals 300,000 children were made ill by tainted milk ' Mob runs riot as Zimbabwe runs out of water' Thailand gets even weirder Court dissolves ruling party, bans PM'  Mumbai Surviving militant says team took orders from 'command in Pakistan' For those following the events in Canada An explanation of how and why the neocons are being removed from power ' BP to Help Commercialize Clean Energy in China With a Joint $73 Million Investment ' Mumbai Police Believe PakistanBased Militant Masterminded Attacks' China's Wacky Weed South Korea officially ends reconstruction mission in Iraq, calls troops home after 5 years' Arab World Trails Shamefully Behind' US stands by refusal to sign cluster bomb ban' Five Mumbai Terrorists May Have Escaped Capture' Robert Mugabe 'should be removed by force, and South Africa must help' How free is free speech in Latvia? Not very.' Condoleezza Rice played a private piano recital for the Queen at Buckingham Palace during a visit to London.'  Switzerland pays price for isolationism' Biological terror attack likely by 2013, panel says' After 17 Years Schoolgirl's Murderer Finally Brought To Justice. Brazil Announces Plan to Slow Amazon Deforestation by 70%' Big brother police to get power to stop you in the street to demand ID  (UK  of course)' CCTV footage of cops fighting Bombay terrorists. Mob got him in the end.' The Daily Show on the Mumbai Tragedy There have always been motherfuckers, there will always be motherfuckers, but what we can't do, is let them control our motherfucking lives.' The Vatican on gays Better dead than married!' People over 60s are the fastestgrowing group of criminals in Japan, with more arrests than teenagers in many areas' Live Earth Concert Cancelled Due to Terrorist Attacks' UK government sneaking in mandatory ID cards' Until last week, no one in the U.K. had dared search Parliament since 1642, when such an act led to the beheading of King Charles I.' First oil was expensive and we were told to be afraid, now it's very cheap and we're told to be afraid As Rwandan genocide raged, a Canadian general's pleas for help were ignored  Hundreds of thousands could have been saved' Italian judge suspends trial of CIA agents' The world's most successful tennis player, Pete Sampras, became bored with retirement so he is back in London to play competitively again Argentina's President Vetoes Law that would have Protected Glaciers Europe Should Not Appease China, Says Dalai Lama' Abdel Bari Atwan on the Mumbai attacks Today India is seen as moving closer to Israel in business ties as well as importing weapons from Israel.' The Associated Press Trivializes Iraqi Death Toll, Amplifies Censorship and The New York Times Adds Unique Twist in Censoring Genocidal Numbers.' Iran has recently executed an IT expert who confessed of being an Israeli spy for at least three years' Doctors Terrorists Torture of Jewish Victims in Mumbai 'Beyond Words'.   Why hasn't the US MSM reported this? Nations to sign cluster bomb ban treaty United States, China, Russia, Israel, Pakistan and India reject ban' Nations sign cluster bomb treaty' Key Chavez opponent faces charges' Venezuela All those companies where the employers exploit the workers, or where it has become indebted and cannot pay its workers, well, they have to be recovered, nationalised, taken over.' I killed 110 Children, Claims Witchdoctor' How do you pay a pirate's ransom? what goes on would be worthy of a Hollywood action movie script.' I fell in love with a female assassin...' The Lie We Love Healthy babies adopted from the developing world are usually not orphans at all.' European court ruling  the DNA of innocents may not be kept on file' Benazir Bhutto Bin Laden was Murdered (she was killed a little over a month after saying this)' Jewish settlers turn TERRORIST. Rampage/Riots after forced removal from illegally occupied home.' The only surviving suspect in the deadly attacks on Mumbai told investigators that he shot a small boy and, because he was crying, He shot him again, and killed him, to shut him up.' There Goes the Conservative's Argument... Bloc part of secret coalition plot in 2000 with Canadian Alliance I know there is a God because in Rwanda I shook hands with the devil.' Niggers don't expel Jews! This isn't what we brought you to Israel for! are just some of the degrading slurs Border Guard officers reported hearing from masked settlers' Berlusconi plans to use G8 presidency to 'regulate the internet' Those pirates who attacked a cruise liner  were actually fishermen' Venezuelans occupy car parts plant too many people are waiting for president Chvez to solve their problems... the people have to push the revolution forward' Pakistani TV 'Hindu Zionists' and Mossad Behind Mumbai Massacre Zimbabwe Civilisation in reverse' Canadian Prime Minister has Suspended Parliament to Stop a No Confidence Vote ... Abuse of Power Much??' If You Think the NeoCon Warmongers are Gone You're Wrong. They Are Waiting to Attack Iran  Calling all Pakistanis  Article by Thomas L. Friedman NYT' Neocon coup in Canada. Harper to suspend Parliament to forestall ouster by majority opposition bloc.'   FBI Seized Gold and Silver Coins from the Office of Liberty Dollar  ' Mumbai Gunman Promised Cash for Family' Saudi to help Israel bomb Iran' The lineage of the terrorists who attacked Bombay is better traced to those vicious acts of 20th and 21st century terror which feature self styled protagonists of all the faiths and ideologies...' Hebron settlers evicted by force' Mumbai gunmen took coke? Plausible. Mumbai gunmen injected LSD? I'd say this reporter has never taken acid. Russia to Send Warship Through Panama Canal (flexing muscles?)' Canadian Conservatives Suspend Parliament to Avoid Facing a NonConfidence Vote ' DNA samples of more than 857,000 innocent citizens now face deletion from the national DNA database after a landmark ruling by the European court of human rights in Strasbourg.' Reddit Headline Sperm Donor Gets Sued. RealityGuy has Sex with Lesbian, Demands to be called Dad for 4 years, has ANOTHER Kid with said Lesbian, get's Bored with Kids and Takes Off. Gets Sued. Romania removes theory of evolution from school curriculum. Also removed Voltaire, Camus and Nietzsche from the philosophy curriculum. Way to keep the population ignorant!' Evicted Israeli settlers terrorize Palestinians.  ' The extent of the suffering in Zimbabwe has reached Auschwitz proportions' Video Jews shoot Palestinian men' Sperm donor ordered to pay child support' Japan Extends Citizenship To OutOfWedlock Babies' The captured pakistani terrorist sings like a canary' Oil falls below $44. Down 70% from its peak in July.' Arab states slam Israel's human rights record at UN forum  Nanny haunted by guilt despite heroism No one thinks of dying with a baby in their arms' Born and raised in a North Korean concentration camp [Google Tech Talks]' The sex ed revolution ' Supreme Court to review case of enemy combatant on US soil' Reports Pakistan army had hand in Mumbai attacks' Israeli paper  Hebron settler riots were out and out pogroms ' Stay classy KBR.' Patriarch Alexy II, head of Russian Orthodox Church, dies' Blogging barmaid booted by Brussels' Japan Stop All Support for War' Terrorist suspect arrested in February had Mumbai attack plans' Dog Risks Life To Save Injured Friend' Christiane Amanpour O. J. Simpson trial coverage helped the Rwandan Genocide to occur (excellent, depressing interview on genocide)' False Flag?  One of the men arrested for illegally buying mobile phone cards used by gunmen in Mumbai attacks is a counterinsurgency police officer' Doctors Without Borders 75% of rapes they deal with are from the DR of Congo' Rape at epidemic proportions Victims range from infants to 90 yr olds.'  Jewish settlers set fire to Palestinian home' Canadian and Australian Prime Ministers give exact same speech, word for word, in runup to Iraq War. We know who the puppets are, but who are the masters?' Danish Special Forces capture Somali pirate boat' Hoax call to Zardari put Pakistan on war alert' Russian ship enters Panama Canal for the first time since World War II' Another fake WMD report from Debka douchebags' US Wants Four ExISI Officials Declared Terrorists' Zimbabweans are reduced to plucking undigested corn kernels from cow dung... That could be tonight's supper.' Europe's Scandal of the Year?  German Billlionaire Blackmailed by Swiss Gigolo, Prosecutors Say. Nuclear war for the lulz? Hoax India call 'put Pakistan on high alert' CEO of top Swiss bank dies suddenly, sparking rumours of suicide' What will become of Canada?' Hoax call fuels PakistanIndian tensions  A man pretending to be India's foreign minister called Pakistan's president and talked in a threatening manner during the Mumbai terror attacks' 29 killed after car bomb explodes in Pakistan' Jordanian man strangles 16yearold married sister after she visited a female friend because he had to cleanse family honour.' US backing for India fuels tensions with Pakistan' Canada halts parliament amid row' At Least 22 Dead in Pakistan Blast' Germany introduces health care services catering specifically to aging homosexuals' 5 Blackwater guards charged in shooting' Carter Center Guinea worm disease at alltime low. Pushing toward eradication.' The Vatican's Policy of 'Coverup' on Clergy Sex Abuse The Saudi ask permission to build mosque in Moscow. The Russians demand reciprocity, an orthodox church in Saudi Arabia.' Occupy, resist, produce Workers in Argentina taking over dead factories and running them democratically' Women attempts to sue Mormon Church over abuse claims; She says church failed to report the abuse to police' Brown urged not to allow extradition of UK hacker to US' Police shooting sparks riots in Greece' Mumbai terrorist came from Pakistan, local villagers confirm. Caught terrorist's parents name found in Pakistan's electoral list and national id. cards. UK ISPs begin censoring the internet' More Than 160 U.S. and NATO Vehicles Burned in Pakistan' Taliban succesfully attack a NATO/US supply terminal in Pakistan and burn a lot of lorrys, humvees and supply for Afghanistan.' Police shoot and kill 15 year old boy in Greece' Fuck the Children of God  Revoking Israel's UN Membership  The Gaza Strip is now the largest concentration camp in the world. Pakistani militants destroy Western army vehicles' UK Helped Israel Get Nuclear Bomb  U.S. Had no Idea?' Rioting across Greece after police shoot boy dead' Olmert (Israel's Prime Minister) accuses Jewish settlers of Pogrom. What oppressed people need isn't democracy but respect for individual rights, as an Afghani man's death sentence for supporting women's rights shows. India denies Pakistan alert call' From Barack Obama's Blackberry In box, the subject IsraelPalestine. German Police Arrest More Than 40 At NeoNazi March.' Ovi's Person/Event of the Year Vote now  Stein Bagger  Danish fugitive wanted for an alleged $170million scam  has turned himself in to LAPD' Hyperinflation Forces Zimbabwe To Print $200 Million Notes' Inside the world's most annoying economic crisis Home loans and other loans to become cheaper, fixed deposit rates also maybe cut' Hebron shooters turn themselves in' Cartoon porn kids are people, judge says in Simpsons porn case' Pakistan raid seizes Mumbai attack ringleader (unconfirmed)' You have to be crazy to criticize the Chinese government; or rather, criticize the Chinese government, and expect to be hospitalized for psychiatric disorders.' Rioting in Greece Continues for Third Day ' 500 Muslim Soldiers' Tombs Desecrated In France Hitler was the perfect boss Former maid breaks her silence on the charming dictator' Killing Babies to End a War? Women in Papua New Guinea Killing Male Babies to 'End Violence' Drunk driver who killed a father and son was masturbating at the wheel moments before the fatal crash' 60 Minutes Airs 24Minute Infomercial for Saudi Aramco' Russia may be capitalizing on the economic crisis to take major industries back out of private hands.' Fresh riots erupt for THIRD day over many Greek cities after police killing of a teenager. [with VIDEO]' Fears of Unrest Prompt Bailout Of China Exporters' Pakistan arrests suspected Mumbai planner' Russia is moving into Africa in a big way ... with an eye on winning even greater leverage over the global energy market.' A brief history of the Western Saharan peoples struggle for freedom' As financial crisis hits, people stuff themselve with McDonalds to feel better' Demonstrators on the balcony of the Greek consulate in Berlin waved a black and red flag and threw leaflets.' Mexican Drug War has claimed nearly 7,000 lives since 2007' Police Shooting Sparks Riots in Greece' Atheist Group Posts Winter Solstice Sign in Springfield' The weirdest legal cases of 2008' NY Times Pakistans Spies Aided Group Tied to Mumbai Siege' Lebanese man finds world's 'heaviest' potato A 25yearold woman with no arms has become the first pilot ever to fly a plane using only her feet.' Derek Acorah Exposed As A Fraud  The Original Kreed Kafer Expos' Chinese girl gets 'kiss of deaf' Israeli PM Ehud Olmert The sight of Jews standing with guns and shooting at innocent Palestinian civilians can only be called a pogrom.' Japan America entrapped Japan into carrying out Pearl Harbor  Japan never waged a war of aggression' What the no day means on Greece and why student anger erupted across Greece over Saturday's fatal police shooting of a teenage boy.' Former ISI chief tells Fareed Zakaria on CNN that 9/11 and Mumbai were inside jobsZakaria, member of the Trilateral Comission, offers big fat disclaimer' The Taliban movement now holds a permanent presence in 72 percent of Afghanistan, up from 54 percent a year ago.' UK RIP Oliver Postgate  creator of Bagpuss and the clangers' [VIDEO] Greece Police chases protester. Police beats protester.  Other protesters protect first protester.' In order to sustain global automania, we require overwhelming selfdelusion.' UN Agency Nearly 1 Billion Hungry' The 7 Dumbest Things Ever Done by Airport Security | Cracked.com' Two Pilots survive 18 hours on an ice floe in 20C after crashlanding in Canada's far north. Sony to cut plants and 8,000 jobs' UK Schoolgirl with learning difficulties gangraped and scarred with acid' Video of Massive Riots in Greece  In response to the murder of 15 year old boy by policeman' Pakistan exspy chief U.S. wants him on terror list'  Who are the protesters in Greece?  ' France fined for delaying EU laws' Military jet crash in San Diego kills 3 on ground' Pakistan won't hand suspects to India Gallup Venezuelans more satisfied than other Latin Americans but ranked just below North America and Western Europe' Financial Times writer speculates on the pitfalls of world government' Athens riots live video coverage' India releases details of nine dead Mumbai gunmen' Homeless dog risks life to rescue pal' Canada WalMart tries to prevent employee unionization. WalMart tries to go to Supreme Court. WalMart loses.' After suffering a financial meltdown, 6070% of Iceland's fishing stock is infected by a parasite, making it nearly impossible to sell. Fishing accounts for half of Iceland's exports. Internet Watch Foundation (IWF), has withdrawn its objection to a Wikipedia page that contained an image of a naked girl.' Hitler was the perfect boss Former maid breaks her silence on the 'charming' dictator Mugabe finally admits massive cholera outbreak in Zimbabwe.  Add this to starvation, riots, and 231,000,000% inflation.  It is time for Mugabe to step down.' Greece Police using fascists and policemen in plain clothes, with rocks and sticks, pretending to be demonstrators, targeting either the demonstrators or vandalizing small shops and houses [PICS]' It's official China is the world's biggest polluter Dubai's solution to sewage problems Dig a hole in the desert and dump it. Somali pirates have received US$3.5 million ransom for the release of the Ukrainian freighter' Iraqis applaud charges against Blackwater guards' Spains ruling elite tries to ignore the fate of 300,000 murdered by Francos fascists, the 500,000 people they imprisoned and the 500,000 they forced into exile.' Global oil demand will collapse next year and commodities will not return to the highs they reached this summer in the foreseeable future' U.S. declines to free Reuters photographer in Iraq (Reuters)' 10,000 bone fragments found in an Argentinian detention center shows that bodies were thrown into a pit, shot, and burned along with tires.' Mumbai massacre gunmen identified, and guess which country they ALL belong to..' UK 90% of Private Pension Plans In Red Over $300B' Japanese recession much worse than first predicted' Greece Braces for General Strike' Strikes cripple Greece, shaken by riots' How Burma's opposition lost its fear Out by June UK plans Iraq withdrawal' Strike shuts down Greece, more violence feared' Sustained speculative attack sends pound to record low against euro. As a Brit i'm fucking pissed off, I hope we don't adopt the Euro. Riots in Greece [video]' Mumbai cop took bullets to help nab one terrorist alive.' Escapee Tells of Horrors in North Korean Prison Camp' Indian police have arrested a man for writing a book blaming Hindus for deadly antiChristian violence in the country's east earlier this year...' Violent unrest grows  Greekinspired protests spread across Europe' European democracy Ireland who rejected the Lisbon treaty in 2008 will have to vote for it again in 2009 and again and again and again until they do exactly what Brussels tells them to do' Countries Ranked by Political Corruption' Bodies pile up as Mugabe wages war on diamond miners' Russia May Join OPEC??' Kick Ass Retired Marine Corps General who has repeatedly beaten the U.S. Navy in wargames lays out his strategy for defeating the pirates' World's most valuable resource, a curse for most Nigerians. Though Nigeria is one of world's richest oil states; people are among poorest in world GREEK UNREST SPREADS  Solidarity Protests Across Europe Turn Violent' 'There is no cholera in this country'  Mugabe A Chain Reaction of Proliferation How each country got its bombs, visualized.' Strike Cripples Riot Torn Greece  Government Hangs by Fraying Threads'  Blast at Iraq restaurant kills 47 ' Study Reports Anal Sex on Rise Among Teens.  Go teens go! ' A Terrorist Gets the Judicial Middle Finger' Mumbai attacks honest Mumbai ex police officer exposes the corruption and lack of motivation in the police force. Swifter action and better equipment could have prevented attack' Think that Zimbabwe's problems are all caused by Mugabe, with the West as innocent bystander? Think again Caylee's skeletal remains found  Now will Nancy Grace shut up? India unveils plans for new FBIstyle security service' Jamaica Gangs oust 200 people from homes' Pakistan police detain founder of group blamed for Mumbai terror' Lawyers march as more dissidents are snatched in Zimbabwe' The priceless expressions of an Australian family that ate some poo.' WalMart Takes Accident Victim's Legal Winnings The unrest that has gripped Greece is spilling over into the rest of Europe, raising concerns the clashes could be a trigger for opponents of globalization, disaffected youth and others ...' Look up tonight to catch the biggest moon we've seen for 15 years World's Friendliest Countries Canada, Germany and Australia on top.  United Arab Emirates at the bottom. The EU is treating Ireland like some naughty schoolboy' Greek embassy in Berlin occupied by ANARCHISTS!' China builds 'psychedelic' pedestrian crossings to really confuse drivers  Mugabe  Cholera denial was 'sarcasm' Manitoba 5 yeard old She was beaten, forced to eat her own vomit, locked in the basement without clothing, shot with a BB gun. Nearly every bone broken' UK  Form 696, which was promoted by Sir Ian Blair, demands that public venues define 'the ethnicity of their audience'. Does Russia face massive social unrest?  Russian industrial towns might face social unrest and violence as companies plan massive layoffs, a Russian sociologist says.' [Confirmed] North Korean leader had a stroke French doctor' No charges will be laid in connection with the death of Robert Dziekanski, the polish immigrant who died at the Vancouver Airport last year, after being Tasered by police. [video]' Moscow mayor Freedom of assembly? Not for gay people' GM in final death throes.' China accuses Dalai Lama of ordering assassinations' Mugabe claims Cholera crisis is over while thousands in Zimbabwe suffer and die. Isn't it time for the world to act???? Greek Consulate in Berlin Is Occupied by Protesters, Police Say' The Most Dangerous Woman in the World  Aafia Siddiqui' Poorer nations inflated vaccination numbers Only half as many children as claimed received shots, study finds' Arundhati Roy Mumbai was not our 9/11' Can anyone explain the origin and history behind the Greek Riots?' Militant Organization of Russian Nationalists takes claim for a Tajik migrant worker found decapitated in Moscow.' New Deal Will Allow Shell to Develop One Quarter of Jordan for Oil Shale Exploration' Raw Video  At least 47 killed, 93 injured in Iraqi restaurant blast' Pompeii family's final hours reconstructed President Mugabe, you are under arrest on charges of torture. Mugabe's jaw dropped. His face was contorted with fear. Shocking pictures of a policeman on fire after a petrol bomb was thrown at him' UK Home Secretary  Time to tackle the nonviolent extremists' SEC warned, Madoff Securities is the world's largest Ponzi Scheme. In 1999.' Office of lawyer defending Greek boy's killers ransacked Russian MPs vote to scrap juries for terror and treason cases' Russia has scrapped the right to trial by jury for people accused of organising violent crime, terrorism and civil unrest.' Zimbabwe blames cholera on British biological weapon' Indian navy foils a hijack attemp on a merchant vessel by Somali pirates, this time the pirates avoid being blown up.' Christmas Party Death  Canadian shoots and kills former boss' 800 dogs die in kennel flood' Navy1 and Pirates0. CNNIndian navy captures 23 pirates,their ship,7 AK47s and prevents 1 hijacking.' First the UK, now Germany  German Internet Watchdog To Remove URLs To 'Virgin Killer' From Search Engines Mugabe Cholera is biological attack by west. ' A loose global network of battlehardened former soldiers and their relatives, the Pink Panthers, have been organizing diamond heists around the world.' Deep in the land of the Taliban' Her limbs were found at the home of a witch doctor  who fled cops following a tipoff' Guitarist stabbed 50 times by bandmates in Italy' Ecuador defaults on foreign debt ' Pentagon May Have Mixed Propaganda With PR?' Arundhati Roy On a day when the newspapers were full of moving obituaries by beautiful people about the hotel rooms they stayed in, hunger in India got only a small box in the corner. ' 6 alleged Islamic extremists charged in Belgium' Jellyfish gone wild ruin international tourist destinations' Muslim lawyer Anjem Choudary brands Christmas 'evil' A crash as historic as the end of communism' WTF! At inquest into death of Brazilian shot dead by UK police in 2005, judge instructs jury not to even contemplate a verdict of unlawful killing. Shouldn't the jury have been left to decide that? In Athens, middleclass rioters are buying rocks at three stones a euro!' Greek police run out of tear gas as rioting continues for a seventh day' Rome declares state of emergency' President of UN General Assembly urges Israel to be recognized as an Apartheid state' The oligarch who gave it all up  oil will be worthless, metals will be worthless . . . I'v got sheep, a horse, cows, poultry and goats.   Just so we're clear, the Greeks are STILL rioting and copy cat incidents are happening across Europe.' Good to see something actually being done about forced marriages, even if it's only a start... Iranian to be blinded with acid for doing same to woman' Indian fighter jets violate Pakistan air space; Possibly related blasts heard' U.N. confirmed Friday that a mass grave in northern Afghanistan has been disturbed, raising the possibility that evidence supporting allegations of a massacre seven years ago may have been removed.' 'The BBC cannot see the difference between a criminal and a terrorist' Scam victims out of $50bn, get fined $5m?' Acid attack burns 46 shoppers' Kurdish and Arab leaders gather at Kirkuk restaurant to talk peace suicide bomber shows up, killing 55 ' Police thwart antiKremlin rally' Greek militants warn of new protests after an attack on an Athens police station in the latest clashes over the police killing of a teenager.' Forced Marriage Doctor Woman tricked into returning to Bangladesh and held captive by her parents is being allowed to return to the UK. ' Ebola in Philippine!' Violent protests resume in Greece' 52 Egyptians were killed when their bus plunged into a canal south of Cairo on Sunday in the deadliest road accident in Egypt in two decades' Cancer jab leaves girl paralysed from waist down ' Police in Russia supress AntiKremlin rally! Arrest more than 100 people!' Mugabe Blames Racist Britain For Cholera' Would you get your tan in a Nazi holiday camp?' Free him!  Iraq rally for Bush shoe attacker' Oh my! I was doing some research on whether the mentally retarded are allowed to vote and stumbled on THIS gem of a page!' Aussie Protesters wear gags to rally against national Internet filtering (pics)' China on the verge of unemployment explosion' Man gets laid off, crashes Christmas party and kills the CEO.' Grrrreat. This is all we need. India prepared to attack Pakistan.' The Bush shoe attack may appear to be just an amusing incident to those in the West, but to the majority of the world it is a symbol of what Bush and the US administration represent, filth.'  $ 1 Million Offered for the Shoe that was Thrown to hit BUSH in IRAQ ' New wave of riots expected as 100,000 face sack in Greece' Israel UN Human Rights Council rapporteur denied entry to Israel' Iraqi shoethrowing reporter becomes the talk of Iraq' Over 5,300 people have been killed in Mexico's drug war this year alone because of President Caldern's decision to dismantle drug trafficking organizations World Health Organization Cancer To Be World's Top Killer By 2010 Irish minister held hostage at gunpoint' Army Riots Escalate Zimbabwe Crisis' now it is very difficult for people to invest in things that are meant to be regulated in America' Israel Urged to Ease Pressure on Palestinian Banks ' That Was No Small War in Georgia  It Was the Beginning of the End of the American Empire' The most racist site youll see today' New Thai prime minister elected ' GREECE'S MAELSTROM OF VIOLENCE  The Revolt of a Disappointed Generation Israel frees 224 Palestinian prisoners' Pakistan's president speaks out on Mumbai, terrorism and the ISI Amazon Deforestation On The Rise' US antikidnapping expert kidnapped in Mexico' Turks apologize for Armenian massacres' Greek youths break into state TV center, take over' Iraqi journalist who threw shoes at George Bush had 'arm brokeny police A superpower never has allies. It only has agents.' Turkish Academics To Apologize For Armenian Genocide' Greece Protester uses a laser pointer to show where a riot cop is.' Does anyone else think two thrown shoes have already become the symbol by which history will understand Iraq's rebuke of the Bush campaign? AlZaidi's brother gives context. BBC/Arab media Iraqi shoethrower is being tortured' Shoe thrower hates both US, Iran role' Arabs hail shoe attack as Bushs farewell gift' When I wrote this, they called me a conspiracy theorist. (A Review of a Financial Times OpEd)' Cameras, cameras everywhere, and not a person to watch them' Scientology Implicated in Reed Slatkin $50bn Ponzai Scheme' Online poker billionaire Mr Dikshit ordered to pay US authorities $300 million' UK Blind man's guide dog barred from restaurant for offending Muslims The man behind the Narco Submarine' Brave Iraqi reporter withstands beating by guards  refuses to name coconspirator who supplied him with the shoes.  U.S. may send him to Guantanamo for enhanced interrogation to keep America safe' Official Shoethrower in Iraqi military custody' Act now, or Congo could be Rwanda all over again' Hackers responsible for deforesation in Amazon, says Greenpeace' 'I was still holding my grandson's hand  the rest was gone' 'Explosives found' in Paris store Obama Plans to Give a Major Speech In an Islamic Country Soon After Taking Office' UN commits to preserving mass grave sites in Afghanistan' In Mexico, we Kidnap your AntiKidnap Experts' Shoethrower faces up to 7yrs for offending the head of a foreign state' Spectacular Images of 2008 ' *CBC Probe* Tasers Tested Fire Stonger Current than Company Says' Man kidnaps child and trains him to kill black people.' Icelandic government preparing a lawsuit on the British government, what will  the reactions of Britain be??  Did Britain cause the enormous bank collapse in Iceland?' Washington on the dead US soldiers who served in Iraq It is regrettable that they had to die, Gaffney said, but I believe they did have to die' Greek youths hang protest banners from Acropolis' Russia provides 10 MiG fighter jets to Lebanon for free' AlZaidi faces up to 15 years in prison for hurling shoes at Bush' U.N. Militaries can pursue Somali pirates on land' we're now at 200+ banks bailed out Awww, now I feel bad for being a pirate' I thought GM needed money from the government?  Why are they building in China!?!' Sarkozy concerned about spread of Greek uprising The French love it when I'm in a carriage with Carla, but at the same time they've guillotined a king.' Interview with Nikos R., friend of Alexandros Grigoropoulos' Resistance  Greek protestors on Parthenon (pic)' Greek protesters unfurl banners at the Acropolis as riot damages reach $1.3 billion.' Israel's Army says Gaza militants fire 9 rockets at Israel A Dutch dictionary company says Web visitors have voted swaffelen  an English slang verb meaning to swing one's exposed penis  as the word of the year. ' Minnesota to Somalia The Kinkos Crusade [Warnerd]' The Armenian Genocide (Video) This is a compelling documentary which focuses as much on Turkey's remarkable efforts to deny the massacre  which includes killing those who speak of it even today.  Out With the Coal & Oil, In With the Geothermal in East Africa's Rift Valley SEC Missing In Action on Financial Crisis Had Knowledge of Madoff Wrongdoing 9 Years Ago' SAfrica refuses to join growing calls for Mugabe to quit' US Military and Western Mainstream Media try to conceal War Crimes in Fallujah ' Man applauds `shoeing' of Bush, arrested A Hero who took a stand against torture, murder and abuse of power. Too bad he isn't American. More Government Control Journalists Worry 'Big Brother Law' Will Kill Press Freedom Israel blocks UN rights official' Iraqi journalist broken and now said to be sorry for shoethrowing. Shoes destroyed. ' Looks like Iraq is doing the whole McCarthyism  thing now Over 30 Iraq Interior Ministers Arrested' Give them more guns China to send warships to fight Somalia piracy' Free speech in peril Jacob Zuma sues South African cartoonist' Muntadhar alZeidi Man of the Year; A small act that represents so much' Nigerian babies fed antifreeze  dozens killed.' Shoethrower faces 15 years in prison (where he'll be treated like a king) South Korea apparently has the most dedicated opposition party ever' Castro says could release prisoners for U.S. talks' Russian warships to visit Cuba' South Korean Lawmakers Brawl over U.S Free Trade Pact!   [And throw in some Furniture Barricades and Construction Tools Too].' Australian ATMs *continuously* targetted and blown up with gas.' But the first step is ADMITTING you're an imperialist U.S. can no longer fund its unofficial empire [VIDEO]' Warning for asthmatics  dont go and watch a fireworks display on a snowy night' India  The monster in the mirror' I was still holding my grandsons hand but the rest of him was gone' Oil Under $40; More Oil Stored on Ships at Sea Than at Any Time in The Last twenty Years' Gondola Tower Snaps at Canada's Whistler ski resort Pakistan's President Zardari Attempts the Impossible Up to 25 Iraq government officials have been arrested on allegations that they were plotting to revive Saddam Hussein's outlawed Baath party Credit card crackdown coming soon' Chinese ship uses Molotov cocktails to fight off Somali pirates' Tree man's roots begin to grow back  Heartbreaking that many hundreds of families in Iceland are in need for food, families hurt, the rich seem to walk away with ease'  UN split over homosexuality laws  Sixtysix countries at the United Nations have called for homosexuality to be decriminalised. ' Mark Felt, the former FBI official who revealed himself to be Deep Throat, the source that exposed the Nixonera Watergate scandal, has died.' Man repays 5 debt, 39 years on! (One of those aaaw nice stories)' White couple, black man battle for claim to South Africa farm' Belgian Government Collapses Over Bank Affair' Man viciously beaten in an unprovoked attack is left paralysed  forgives attacker  Why should somebody else's life be ruined?' Here We Go Again Mediterranean Fiber Optic Cables Cut, Disrupting Middle East Communications' Rwandan genocide mastermind jailed for life' Hamas declares Israel truce over ' It's terrorism, pure and simple Suicide mice in cat attack 'Thousands made slaves' in Darfur The US government on Wednesday launched steps to seize a 36storey New York office tower allegedly partowned by the Iranian government in violation of sanctions against Tehran.' Severed cables bring down phone lines linking Europe, Asia, Mideast' Chinese ships will fight pirates' After 30 Years, Economic Perils on Chinas Path  NYTimes.com' Just How Big is Asias Largest Railway Station? Beijing South' Interoute, the internet networks company, reports that three of the four internet subcables that run from Asia to North America have been damaged.' Aston Martin designs new London Bus!' Charities lose billions following what is perhaps the largest ever pyramid scheme collapse in history' Nobel Prize jurors under investigation for bribery' Giant squids are mating with undersea subcables again...' Iraqi judge Shoetossing reporter was beaten' Scientist repeat 1962 Milgram test More than 80% of people torture others when told to do so by an authority figure. Have we learned nothing?' I loved her. I tried to approach her many times, but she rejected me. But since I became a pirate, she has tried nine times to get with me.' Submarine cables cut again internet and phone links between Middle East, South Asia and Europe lose 65%90% capacity' Belgian government offers resignation' Bush Won't Condemn Countries That Jail Gays It's disappointing, said Rama Yade, France's human rights minister  b/c of America's long tradition as a defender of human rights.' Germany Use antichild pornography software or be denied access to the Internet.' Three undersea internet cables in the Mediterranean were severed within minutes of each other. Again.' Belgium's government collapsed on Friday after a top court found signs that it had sought to sway a legal ruling on the future of stricken bank Fortis. China blocks Internet access to New York Times' In Zimbabwe, $100 million buys a bus ticket' Dark side of Argentine sex city' An undersea lake of oil may transform Brazils economy forever' The Greek Riots in Pictures' Anonymous notes posted outside schools in Mexican city threatening to kidnap pupils if teachers don't give them their endofyear bonuses  give them to who? They're anonymous! Robert Mugabe says Zimbabwe is mine, while the central bank unveils a new 10 billion Zimbabwe dollar bank note.' Police stripped woman and left her naked for 6 hours' Tragedy at Christmas show as actress plunges 25ft to her death in front of horrified audience' Japanese whale researchers are at it again.' China blocks Internet access to New York Times' Amnesty International slams Indian antiterror law' China to deploy ships off Somalia' Swedish city hit by youth riots' Shoe Throwing Reporter Offered A Palestinian Bride' Electric Motorcycles Bouy Hondas Hope for Financial Future' AFP Iran urges Pakistani clampdown on terrorism' Chinese Banker tells the American People, You need someone to tell you the truth' FBI moving agents off terrorismrelated cases to financial fraud ones ' Saudi Family Values Saudi court rejects divorce plea from EIGHTyearold girl married to 58yearold man' Iraqi shoethrower I would do it again' 2 1/2 tons of pot found in Afghan school.  As U.S. coalition tries to stamp out opium, farmers turning to pot.' Egyptian teacher to stand trial for murdering 11yearold pupil whose homework was late' High Court teaches meaning of public domain to heirs of author.' Rape victims convicted of Zina (adultery) and sentenced to death by stoning under sharia law' Syria claims UN gay rights declaration would lead to sex crimes against children.....' LashkareTaiba denies involvement in Mumbai attacks' Saudi court rejects plea to annul 8yearold girl's marriage to 58yearold man Eight major undersea Internet communication cables cut in 2008 We most definitely do live in interesting times' Afghanistan The opposite of everything we consider to be democracy (w vid)' Russian police kick and detain people amid auto tariff protests' How is Bush's shoe thrower evidence of a free Iraq when he's in jail?' Sweden's most notorious serial killer might merely be a serial confessor It's Beginning to Look a lot like Christmas (in Amsterdam, with p)c) Did I mention the Drag Virgin Mary? Israeli blockade 'forces Palestinians to search rubbish dumps for food' 'Deaths from Mumbai Policy Enforcement error' Zimbabwe is mine says Mugabe' Saudi Arabia 'may allow' cinemas after threedecade ban Dont let this sickness spread any further ' Baghdad celebrates first public commercial Christmas, w/ ballons, etc. Sponsored by Iraqi Death Squads.' Disregarded Historian Saved by Archaeology and DNA Evidence?' Russian ballerina Olga Lepeshinskaya, who danced for decades at the Bolshoi Theater and captured the attention of Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin, died on Saturday at the age of 92.' Shoe thrower expected to be shot after throwing first shoe. 'that gave me time to throw the second. If the clock were turned back, I'd do the same thing over again. Trial set for 12/31' Bailiffs for private firms can now force their way into homes to seize property to pay off credit cards and loans and can restrain or pin down householders.' UN says criticizing a religion or belief is *not* permissible expression' Pope says saving humanity from homosexual or transsexual behavior was just as important as saving the rainforest from destruction' A French ship has begun repairing two undersea cables in the Mediterranean that were severed on Friday, disrupting internet and phone communications.' Australian Internet filtering plan may extend to peertopeer traffic.' Mexican drug lords gain notoriety and fame by having the most gruesome killing methods, including dissolving bodies in lye' Saudi Arabian eightyearold daughter's divorce plea is denied Companies blacklisted in US for allegedly backing Mugabe operate freely in UK' Northern Ireland cashes in on the recession Big Time!' Fighter jets of the Pakistan Air Force thundered over the capital, Rawalpindi and Lahore all of Monday afternoon, heightening peoples fears that a war was about to break out any minute with India.' Iranian gov't shuts down human rights org for  illegal activities such as publishing statements, writing letters to international organizations, and holding press conferences'  Inventor's 2020 vision to help 1bn of the world's poorest see  with liquid specs German spy chief threatens Wikileaks' Archbishop of Canterbury warns recession Britain must learn lessons from Nazi Germany.' New Zealand's foreign debt has soared to a dangerous level. Sabrerattling by India as military chiefs brief PM.' Weak economy forces many North Americans to give up pets' ...a message was found next to the nine heads warning, For each one of us they kill, we'll kill 10 of them.' The Submarine cable that was recently cut, led me to find this article, The Eight Wonder of the World, an overview of the laying of the first Atlantic Cables.' Pakistan air force enhances vigilance' it is especially painful for me, as aJew, to portray the ongoing and intensifying abuse of the Palestinian people by Israel through a reliance on such an inflammatory metaphor as 'holocaust' Social Media Begins Forcing the Totally Transparent Layoff' 2 1/2 tons of marijuana found in Afghan school' A monster out of control Pakistan secret agents tell of militant links' Man threatened with arrest under the Australian AntiTerrorism Act for videoing police performing a search in public.' German intelligence head threatens Wikileaks site. Threat triggered by an article about the arrest of German agents on suspicion of throwing explosives at an EU office in Kosovo.' Top Notch Journalism, NY Times admits to publishing fake letter purporting to be from the mayor of Paris that attacked Caroline Kennedy's bid for a Senate seat Gordon Brown wants loans to the poor to have 27% interest rate.  Labour MPs Revolt. ' GOP consultant killed in plane crash was warned of sabotage' Iran is shipping missile parts to Syria in Venezuelan planes, to avoid UN sanctions ' Protests in Iceland may escalate' Lesbian's brutal gang rape investigated in California UK Homeowners who have not missed a mortgage payment could be threatened with repossession by lenders using an emergency clause to demand that the entire loan be repaid at short notice.' Pakistani Jets Scramble As India Hardens Tone' Oligarchs go cap in hand to the Kremlin as their vast empires begin to crumble' As Brazil destroys the Amazon jungle hundreds of ecowarriors trying to protect the environment are at risk of assassination' Blix may testify against Iraq war makers' Brazil's Tough New DrunkenDriving Law  Blow a .02 and lose your license for a year Russian oligarchs are lining up for $78 billion of Kremlin loans, giving Putin the opportunity to increase government control of the nations biggest companies.' Russians protest plan to raise taxes on imported cars' Looking back over China's last 30 years  CNN.com Mexico's drug war Soldiers decapitated heads stuffed in a plastic bag and left outside a shopping center. FDNY Lieutenant Admitted Plan To Take Down WTC 7' British police failing to investigate 40% of crimes  because they are too hard to solve' Interpol slams India for lack of cooperation' Playing politics  India reluctant to turn over evidence while demanding that Pakistan crack down on the militant group suspected of hatching the plot' Bush 'shoe maker' hit by demand  The Odd Couple ATT and Apple' The pope has sparked controversy by saying defending heterosexuality is as important as saving the world's rainforests from destruction. American Express gets $3.39 Billion, Capital One gets $3.6 Billion, DIscover gets $1.2 Billion...Lets have the intrest rate for this money at 22.99% compounded monthly and with a $3 million late fee.' Archbishop Desmond Tutu has accused South Africa of losing the moral high ground by failing to stand up to Zimbabwe's president, Robert Mugabe.  Mexican Beauty Queen Arrested In GunFilled Truck (PHOTOS)' Japan Considers Sending Ships to Fight Pirates' AS  SEEN ON REDDIT Please help Sergio Lopez Family, fire victim, 3 kids, house burned, lost his wife, and job... ' Drug Trafficking  One of the Most Serious Challenges Faced By the Nations Worldwide' CO2 Emissions Not a Factor When Approving Coal Plants, EPA Administrator Says' England  60,000 households to pay tax at 90%' Marijuana Ring that Smuggled 900 TONS of Weed into Arizona gets busted' Press Association Police 'secretly taped Damian Green arrest' Ahmadinejad to give festive speech' U.S. and Afghans Plan to Recruit Local Militias ' Only 137 trucks of food were allowed into Gaza in November. This means that an average of 4.6 trucks per day entered the strip compared to an average of 123 in October and 564 in December 2005.' Chinese seek to pull cats from the menu' Coup declared in Guinea after dictator's death Undersea cable cut disrupts Mideast and India communications' Behold the most depressing deer hunting video since Bambi'  Report Egypt ready to host Palestinian talks ' Virgin Media ups broadband access ante to 50 Mbps' U.S. recession deepens, countries boost spending' Mugabe responds to US and UK calls for his resignation. Calls them Stupid and Foolish [Video]' Saudi girl (8) must remain married to man (47) says judge.' David Shepherd Named Man of the Year 2009!    UNNreports.com' France New AntiCapitalist Party `a very exciting initiative' Fed Up, Ordinary Guatemalans Turn To Vigilantism' Hell on Earth, this is a city of ShipBreakers. ' Full text of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's Christmas message The economic crisis, right wing government and riots push Greece to the edge. There is talk of revolution and even the oldfashioned Communist Party of Greece (KKE) is stirring. ' The Right To Food' Love and Support A relative living and working in the UK supports eight families back in Somalia with the money he makes' Israel warns Hamas will pay 'heavy price' Merry Christmas to the United Kingdom Redditors, and all others in the GMT timezone!' The full text of a Christmas message from Iran's president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Mission Accomplished For first time, Christmas official holiday in Iraq' Merry Christmas From After Hours Friends' Man accused of smuggling mummies' Das Kapital manga reaches Japanese bookstores chronicles factory run by son who rebels against his father's socialist principles and becomes a slave driver' Dozens held over 'Tibet rumours' suigle not google ! a new search engine for houses' Britons admit sedition charges' Ahmadinejad's Queen for a day message' Mormon and former Utah state trooper apparently committed a series of roadway shootings before attempting suicide; He also allegedly shot liquid at woman, temporarily blinding her' Sometimes Blogs Are a Good Thing' IDF preparing for Gaza op' Is war with Pakistan the only option?'  Guinea coup leaders tighten grip ' In the midst of the Madoff debacle, Hamas attacks Israel and the ADL whines that the world must support Israel' Pakistan Joint left demonstration against IndiaPakistan war drive' IJF Condemns Death Threats Against Pakistani Journalist Ansar Abbasi' Israel's Aerial Weapon against Hamas {VIDEO} CIA uses Viagra to gain information from Afghan warlords' In Egypt, 2008 was The Year of The Woman First woman allowed to officiate marriages, first woman mayor, new laws regarding sexual harrassment, outlawing Female Genital Mutilation' A secret UK court hearing, with secret participants, produce a secret order to secretly gag the population, the terms of which are secret and the revelation is punishable by up to 15 years' China to allow freer yuan trades' McDonald's admits to paying 1,000 people to stand in line BREAKING! Pakistan Massing Troops on Indian Border' Daylight Watergate  On the orders of the government the police, without a warrant. went through the opposition parties papers and arrested an opposition front bencher' Russia will sell missiles to 7 countries' CIA Trades Viagra for Information' The Israelis are like a guy who sets fire to his hair and then tries to put it out by hitting it with a hammer. They do more to incite and sustain terrorism than curb it' No, THIS is hell on Earth. Payatas, the Philippines' Czechs may give EU a bumpy ride' Satan Now Buying Human Souls Online in Russia' Criminals and fatties come and join the British Army' Pakistan moves troops toward Indian border' Palestinian rocket attack kills 2 Gaza girls ' Bolivia plot to assassinate Evo Morales?'  Ninth body found in ruins of 'Santa massacre' home Iranians join Bush shoe protest' 6 Chinese go on trial for selling melamine' Yemen to build ghetto for Jews' China begins antipiracy mission ' Israel opens Gaza border for humanitarian aid' Palestinians Brace For Israeli Attack After Militants Ignore Warnings' Wolf captured near tourist part of Great Wall' 120 reportedly killed in Israeli strikes on Gaza' Just a reminder that in November 2007 the US Government ordered Firefighters to Spy on Americans Fahrenheit 451 is not makebelieve any more' Nokia Maps show Kashmir as part of Pakistan; Hindu nationalist mobs riot and burn down Nokia shops' Britain and US refuse to demand end to Israeli airstrikes on Gaza' It's not rape if she is my daughter. In Mexico, incest is considered a crime against the family, not the victim and the underage victim is initially considered as much a criminal as the rapist. 'Israeli air strikes' target Gaza Residents in the Gaza Strip say Israeli F16 bombers have launched a series of air strikes into the territory. UK continues down path of 1984, wanting to censor all English language pages on the internet and exempt parents from responsibility.' Do not forget, that s Israel is killing hundreds, supposedly to protect itself from Hamas, Israel created Hamas in the first place' The BBC takes a look inside Gaza.  Finds malnutrition and shortages ' More than 150 Palestinians Killed and Hundreds Injured in Israeli Air Raid' A woman found bound in the trunk of her own car may have been there for well over a week.  The good news  She's ALIVE! Israel Set for Gaza Invasion After Rocket Barrage' Canada, U.S. agree to use each other's troops in civil emergencies Harold Pinter on US hubris and bullying' Israeli air strikes in Gaza Strip kill 155' AFP Casulties in Gaza are at least 225, more than 700 wounded. ' When War breaks out between India and Pakistan who would win?' Saudi Human Rights Council Launches Women's Rights Campaign Eurosceptic and climate change sceptic becomes EU President' As Taliban nears Kabul, shadow gov't takes hold Destroy all terrorist camps in Pakistan, Indian Muslims urge Indian Govt' Saudi Columnist Calls for End of Religious Police, Newspaper Fires Him' What's going on here?  Condi Rice gets over $300,000 worth of jewels from Arab leaders. Samuel Huntington dies. ' Main stream media vs. corporate media , a distinction and a difference' Mexico Suggestion that all lawmakers take drug test sets off stampede for the door' 275 are dead so far, the world is silent, Hamas calls for a third Intidfada, and Israel is just starting.' Cops in disguise like anarchists are burning and breaking shops in athens.In the video you can see the anarchists talking with other cops in uniforms' An Israeli woman reacts to the horrors in Gaza What's been happening in Gaza is fantastic. ' Israeli warplanes pounded the Hamasruled Gaza Strip on Saturday, killing at least 229 people in one of the bloodiest days for the Palestinians in 60 years of conflict with the Jewish state.' BBC's guy in Gaza Some of my balcony was damaged and my kid was injured.' Israeli Gov't okays draft of thousands of reservists According to Saudi, American, and Israeli media, Israeli terrorism targets Hamas security men. Here is one of them. She is very high up in the Hamas command structure. Don't be fooled.' Israel, wrong.' As Taliban Nears Kabul, Shadow Goverment Takes Hold ' Robert Fisks World How can anyone believe there is 'progress' in the Middle East? Israeli Jew Yes, when Gd says kill the babies, we kill the babies. (Fuck these people)' 50 targets, 60 warplanes, 200 people, 1 day. All very sanitary. Very sleek. Neatly packaged war in a giftbox. There is a funeral passing every minute. The bodies are piling up.' Venezuela to seize gold concessions as oil falls, Chavez says We are taking back...permits are still held by some rich people' Britain's culture minister says websites should be rated the way films are to protect children from offensive material. The Most Outrageous News Stories of 2008' The first annual Man O War OWardz to commemorate the people who are trying to make the world a better place through war.' The death of one Israeli victim justifies the killing of a 100 Palestinians.  One Israeli life is worth 100 Palestinian lives. This is what Israeli and world media more or less mindlessly repeat.' Behave at school and you'll be given a PlayStation or plasma TV, pupils are told Anybody know a good, unbiased book about the history of the Israel/Palestine conflict?' Four scary words Egypt after Hosni Mubarek ' From 19 June until yesterday, there was not one Israeli fatality from a Hamas attack, and life was improving in border cities like Sderot.' As Taliban nears Kabul, shadow gov't takes hold 230 Palestinians killed & 700 wounded by Israeli warplanes in a single day in Gaza. Israel ...now the time has come to fight' European Court Refuses to Intevene to prevent euthanasia of Italian Terri Schiavo' Today I end my support of Israel' Israel bombs university in Gaza' Over the weekend, I mapped the spread of Walmart using Modest Maps. It starts slow and then spreads like wildfire in the southeast and makes its way towards the west coast' In pictures Gaza Massacre (Graphic!  possibly NSFW)' 2008 How weird a year was it? Here's how weird An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind, Gandhi said.  What's going on in Gaza right now is not just an eye for an eye. It's a hundred eyes for an eye' Defense Minister Ehud Barak instructed the Israeli Army to prepare for the operation over 6 months ago, even as Israel was beginning to negotiate a ceasefire with Hamas.' Teen, snatched in a Florida suburb, recounts horror of sex slavery' Gaza Update A little later I called my mother, only to hear her crying on the phone. The planes are overhead she cried the planes are overhead. ' Egyptan Security forces shoot Palestinians' Washington once again used its veto powers on Sunday to block a resolution calling for an end to the massive ongoing Israeli attacks against the Gaza Strip. ' Perhaps when the IDF stops the air strikes the Israeli's who supported the slaughter could be made to walk through Gaza, like how Germans were forced to walk through concentration camps after WWII Robert Fisk We've got so used to the carnage of the Middle East that we don't care any more  providing we don't offend the Israelis  Secret of the Lusitania Arms find challenges Allied claims it was solely a passenger ship' Gaza Update The longest night of my life. Israeli warships rocketed Gaza's only sea port only moments ago; 15 missiles exploded, destroying boats and parts of the port. What makes this attack worse is that for the past 18 months we have been living with little electricity, water and food. For the children it is like living in hell.' Most Gaza casualties were noncombatants, civilians ' Israel has been planning this carnage all the way through the supposed truce. So much for wanting peace.' Israel's self harm Video 28th December attack on Gaza Strip  bombing in Rafah' Middle East politics spilled onto the streets in cities across Canada on Sunday as proPalestinian protesters denounced the bloody Israeli attacks on Gaza and blasted Israel as a terrorist state.' AntiDefamation League claims Israel has a right to massacre civilians' Benjamin Netanyahu is still a fascist' Amos Oz, Israeli founder of Peace Now, releases statement on Gaza airstrikes Israel must defend its citizens' 45 people killed in Congo church' Today Israel takes down an entire apt building of civilians to kill the family of one man. In Canada, we call that  terrorism.' Australia's topless ban to protect Muslims and Asians Israeli warship collides with boat carrying medical volunteers bound for Gaza' wife takes final pics of her husband in ER waiting room where he was told to wait while a virus ravaged his organs' It has started Protests around the world against US and Israel' Israel pounds Gaza for fourth day  The massacre continues' Israel attacks a ship containing medical supplies' If they are the greatest ally of the United States, why did they need to know about our missile defense system?' Unacceptable! [News Photo]' Why America Needs to Stop Supporting Israel' Holocaust 'greatest' love story a hoax Israel has banned reporters from the Gaza Strip  only reporting from behind Israel lines is now allowed.' Ski jumper with the best distance record barred from Olympics.  For being female.' Taliban militants beheading and burning their way through Pakistan's Swat Valley Israeli Navy Attacking Civilian Mercy Ship! ' Hundreds of demonstrators marched through the Swedish capital on Monday and set fire to an Israeli flag painted with a swastika' Crippled accounting standards the cause of the economic crisis?' Asian governments roundly condemn Israel's 'crimes' in Gaza Strip  Chaos fear after President Abdullahi Yusuf of Somalia resigns' Israeli terrorists bomb a Pharmacy' Corruption taints every facet of life in China.' Israeli warship orders boat carrying medical volunteers and supplies  with CNN reporter on board  to turn back to Cyprus, accusing the vessel of terrorist activity' Hamas official blames rockets on Collaborators' Israel prepares for long weeks of action ' Ayatollah Sistani, whom Paul Wolfowitz lauded for 'the first proAmerican fatwa', Calls on Muslims to take practical steps against Israel Greece Union activist loses her eye in acid attack. Her supporters blockade company. Riot police forced to run leaving shields, helmets and even shoes behind.' Israel has been in violation of international law since 1967, protected by the United States veto of UN Resolutions condemning Israel for its violent, inhumane, barbaric, and illegal acts.' Zbigniew Brzezinski to Joe Scarborough on Gaza You know, you have such a stunningly superficial knowledge of what went on that it's almost embarrassing to listen to you.' Iceland after the fall' Russia is to shut off gas supplies to Ukraine, raising fears of European energy shortages' Video about living conditions in Gaza (from 2007)' Here is a simple, stone cold fact. You cannot read or hear the truth about what is happening in Gaza from any corporate media in the United States.' MP wins support to ban topless sunbathing on Aussie beaches' The IL Gov scandal is wrong, but almost EVERY election/bill/decision victory is directly correlated to the amount of money spent.  So, what ISN'T for sale? While everyone was focusing on Israel and Hamas, a terrorist organization elsewhere killed 189. Is a Palestinian's life more noteworthy than these people's? Christmas Massacres  Ugandan rebels kill 400 in DR Congo' Sex offenders must hand over online passwords' Some Myths about Israel's Attacks on Gaza Does anybody really think Israel would be a peaceful nation even if the Palestinians gave all of their land to Israel?' This Sun Times story was censored for political reasons. No shit. Go ahead. Try to find the original. ' The original, legal owners of the Israeli land on which Hamas rockets are detonating live in Gaza.' The Emperor IS Naked  The story behind the Gaza initiative' Iran shuts down leading reformist newspaper for criticizing Hamas' attacks and human shield use Volunteer suicide bombers seek to attack Israel' Over 70,000 deaths, and over 1 million disabilities among American soldiers attributed to Iraq Wars' Brigitte Bardot's Hate Crime Against Islam  Freedom of speach abolished in France (and in most of Europe)' Israel calls Gazans to warn them to flee for their safety' Israel If this is how the Children of God act, what are the Children of the Devil,' ABC News All (Illegal Immigrants) Aboard ICE Air' Polygamy in the UK  Woman didn't know new husband was already married. Former Army Employee Pleads Guilty to Acting as Israeli Spy' Graphic pictures of what the Israeli war machine does to Palestinians.' Icelandic TV program featuring PM forced off the air when a torchwielding crowd stormed Reykjavik's Hotel Borg in an attempt to get to the studio. A torchwielding crowd. Sweet. Gazprom cuts off Ukraine's gas supply. IDF Claims to have Hit Hamas Truck, Human Rights Group Finds 8 Civilians Dead and No Hamas' Daniel Barenboim If Hamas is destroyed, a more radical group will replace it. Israel's security depends on wiser action Israel and Gaza  Pictures' Greece The left is full of puppet organizations that defer and defend the right and the existing order. The Greek people have no alternative but starting from scratch. ' The land is fertile, the rain is falling, but the agricultural system has been destroyed by Robert Mugabe' UK telecom firm severs ties with Israeli company due to Gaza attacks' Gaza's tunnel economy collapses in bombing raids Rotten state of Egypt too powerless and corrupt to act' No wonder it burnt to the ground  Cellphone footage shows hundreds of sparklers inside Bangkok club minutes before Deadly fire' In Pictures Massacre of Gazan Children ' New Norway law bans buying of sex ' Israel stifles free press covering Gaza' Extreme seismic conditions return to yellowstone  Could be a big big bang for the new year!' Israel kills top Hamas figure, escalating campaign' *warning may contain shocking images* Full Footage of the fire at Bangkok Nightclub Santika' Israelis, Hamas continue bombing reddit. Ceasefire demanded.' Nothing like a fresh Israeli offensive to bring out the Jew in me' Russia prepares to halt gas supplies to Ukraine' Vanity Fair An Oral History of the Bush White House  an amazing collection of interviews' Israel Rejects CeaseFire, but Offers Gaza Aid' The Arab Conscience A 40 minute song performed by many major Arab pop singers. The Woodstock of this generation in the Arab world, according to Juan Cole.'