 Fucking hell ... it's fucking Great Britain. It's 2008. I've been to Soweto and I've seen Aids orphans eating better than that.' Brian Haw, Britains most loved peace protester, beaten to pulp by police' Suicidal teenager urged to Jump by crowd, so he did' British envoy says mission in Afghanistan is doomed, according to leaked memo ' More Blowback  The U.S.backed Ethiopian military has secreted away scores of suspects  including pregnant women and children  and fueled antiAmerican rancor in Africa.' The Atlas of the Real World' Should Germany prosecute Holocaust deniers like Gerald Toben?  Should England extradite them?' US navy happy to extend blockade of pirate ship' Sources Man blamed for Bhutto killing is dead' In Bolivia, we nationalized for the people to have money, while the United States wants to nationalize debt and a crisis of the wealthy.' The New Democratic Party (NDP) of Canada is standing by candidate Bev Collins over beliefs about the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.' Voter Turnout A Global Survey.' Somalia World can use force against the pirates. Things are going to get interesting....' After being accused of Flirting with Sarah Palin, Fatwah Is Issued Against Pakistani Prime Minister For 'Indecent Behavior For A Muslim'  Trio of warlords blamed for surge in Afghanistan violence' Cost of massive unemployment in Iraq could be paid in blood' Somali pirates deny fatal onboard shootout' 168 Hindu pilgrims die in stampede at temple' MI6 secrets found on camera sold on eBay Newspaper says info includes names, school records of alQaida suspects' Security Analyst Warns of Rise of Organized Crime in Zimbabwe PART 5 of 5' For you you to call my God INVISIBLE is a call for action.  My country will wipe you and your kind from this earth very soon. Islam is a foolish cult. America hates you and will see you destroyed.' A Palestinian 20 years, kept their children in the basement' Pakistani Taliban Leader Dead Or Dying?, Baitullah Mehsud Very Ill, Officials Say Group Scrambling For New Leaders, Taliban Says He's Getting Better Canada  CBC National News covers 9/11 Truth' Dusty Foggo Gets Green Light for Green Badge' Mexican Farm Leader Dies After Lighting Himself on Fire in Protest' Surveillance of Skype messages found in China ' Russia 'US economic dominance over', World needs 'more just' financial system 'Hundreds join' settler violence After a few cryptic reports in the European media over the Summer, the story of the two influenza biochemistry researchers who were brutally killed in London June 29, 2008 ' The United Nations is raising its security level in Pakistan and ordering children of international staff to leave the country.' Amid the chaos on Wall Street, the question looms  who wins? Increasingly, eyes are flickering towards China' Alternative to German bank crisis The transformation of the banks into public utilities, their democratic control by the people, and their subordination to the interests of society as a whole.' UK university probes Nazi initiation video ' The Atlas of the Real World ' Reserve Bank of India deputy general manager jumps to death from his office at BKC.' Hikers May Have Found Fossett Items ' Israel's latest crowd control weapon super stink bom New Bosnian biodiesel factory shows just how far Bosnia has come after ethnic cleansin' Freedom Not Fear 2008  Stoppt die Vorratsdatenspeicherung!' US approves Indian nuclear trade deal' Retailers Need to Realign Wall Street Reporting Practices with CrossChannel Reality' Even after war, many Georgians revere Stalin  International Herald Tribune' Putin accuses Ukraine of aiding Georgia during war' US Senate approves IndoUS nuclear deal, ends the threedecade ban on US nuclear trade with India ' Murder Capitals of the World'  Russia to deploy new nuclear missile' Capturing the database state community photocall' Life in Zimbabwe...  a teachers monthly pay was not even enough to buy two bottles of cooking oil.' A Canadian Explains Why The American Election Is So Important To The Rest Of The World [incredible read]' US strikes 'kill 20 in Pakistan' A script written by the BBC and the government to be broadcast in the event of a nuclear attack has been published.' Jewish settlers trying to stop olive harvest, opposed by Rabbis for Human Rights' Medvedev  The U.S. financial crisis should be taken as a sign that America's global economic leadership is on the wane Cokie Roberts Once Again Proves She Doesn't Belong Within 100 Miles of a News Studio How symbolic that Chinese astronauts take a spacewalk while the US Treasury Secretary is on his knees. ' Life in Somalia's pirate town Britain Forty percent of children live in poverty' How they see us A dangerous juncture in Afghanistan' Young immigrant females age 11  26 now required to get the highly controversial HPV vaccine before becoming citizens.' Shocking China monitors Skype users for mention of Taiwan, dissident groups, democracy. NSA helpfully points out that it would be easier to just monitor everything.' What a surge will do for Afghanistan...' Is the African National Congress, South Africa's Ruling Party, About to Split? Religious fundamentalists are waging a ruthless campaign to eliminate women who have taken up highprofile jobs' Tonight these pictures will be projected in some 50 cities all over the world.  We wanted you to see them first.' Bangkok Sex Tycoon Runs For Governor' Signs of a pending depression? The Economist's Dword index The Jewel of Medina  out on Monday' Phallic charms, buffalo amulets at heart of plans by Thailand's new culture minister An explosion in the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali on Friday killed nine Russian peacekeepers and wounded three others' Kenya's wild and dangerous west The Forgotten Wars less than 1% of people knows there is a war in Sudan and Somalia' Israeli settlers turn on their own soldiers. ' Development Doesn't Require Big Government~Poor countries are learning the wrong lessons from the crisis. The Bailing Out Continues in Europe Belgium is bailing out a large bank that just went under' The European Commission has proposed extending fullypaid maternity leave from 14 weeks to 18 weeks' Stephen Harper admitted Thursday that the U.S.led invasion of Iraq was a mistake' Derbyshire Bystanders and passersby urge 17 year old to jump to his death disgusted police chief speaks out [BBC]' Stephen Harper accepted at least 20 000$ of gifts from Bush' A New Cold War? Hardly. Behind the bluster, Russia is collapsing' While the USA seeks $700bn for large banks, the UK has just put in proposals for a 12bn fund to keep small businesses afloat... [BBC]' Israel would use disproportionate force to destroy Lebanese villages from which Hezbollah guerrillas fired rockets at its cities in any future war' Bonkers Boris backs barmy boozebuying ban worth reading for the crass invective directed at unscrupolous politicians' British Ambassador Best Solution For Afghanistan Is An Acceptable Dictator' Syria rebuffs nuclear inspectors' British Ambassador Best Solution For Afghanistan Is An Acceptable Dictator' Kurdish rebels have killed 15 Turkish soldiers in fighting in the country's southeast Police in Austria arrest a 48yearold man on suspicion of killing his elderly inlaws with a flamethrower' Kim Jong Il Makes First Public Appearance Since Illness' British government planned chilling tapes for BBC broadcast in event of nuclear war' why are americans acting like they know the dynamics of Afghanistan and Waziristan, when they couldn't mention one thing about either locale that isn't on wikipedia? Chinese Capitalists Sell Out Mao To Make Way For A Parking Lot (well his plane anyway)' Ukraine No arms sales in Georgian war' EU heads hold bank crisis talks' Gaza tunnel collapses making life hard for Palestinian smugglers' Millions to die in China from lung disease' Palin's Apocalypse A Video with Pertinent Questions Israel says North Korea has helped arm 6 Mideast nations' Israeli settlements failure monument' The biggest bank robbery in Icelandic history ' Jewish Modesty Patrols Sow Fear In Israel' Anyone notice Iceland falling apart at the seams?' When Europeans were slaves Research suggests white slavery was much more common than previously believed.' Minimum vacation time around the world' Behind the Bluster, Russia Is Collapsing' Drug violence kills at least 49 in Tijuana (Mexico) this week' Israel criticized indirectly for refusing review of atomic program' Suspected US Missile Strike Kills 20 in Pakistan' United States Cuts Condom Funding In Africa' Russia Accuses Georgia On Bomb Blast.' Two HighRanking McCain Campaign Officials Lobbied For Companies At Center of SexForOil Scandal' 'Jesus was a Palestinian,' claims U.S. history text Somali Pirates' Blair advised Mandelson on return' Iraqi Air Force Receives U.S. Manufactured Advanced Surveillance Planes' Crisis talks to save German bank' Russia starts pullback from Georgian war zones' British Bullshitting Corporation's (BBC) lies on WTC 7 torn apart by WeAreChange.Org on Ground Zero Reports Link Karzais Brother to Heroin Trade' Europe Full savings protection soon?' US embassy in London to relocate' 'High level of melamine' in two Cadbury products Turkish troops bomb northern Iraq after PKK clashes' Modesty Patrols Sow Fear In Israel, UltraOrthodox Jews, On Campaign For Purity, Allegedly Stone Women For Wearing Red Blouses' India has never been a threat to Pakistan says new Pakistani President' Iceland. Sept 5/08  UN's Best Country to Live '07.  Oct 5/08 Food hoarding begins, Currency rated just above Zimbabwe The dark side of Dubai' China cancels military contacts with US in protest ' Pirates die mysteriously on captured ship' Pakistan facing bankruptcy ' Taliban split with al Qaeda, seek peace !' Teacher's Union calls for Legalization of TeacherStudent Sex Duality of man Is anyone kind of relieved that the other economic boot is dropping even though they are shitting their pants?' Female fighters We won't stand for male dominance Biggest ever fall in UK stocks' CNN King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia recently hosted talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban militant group' Germany to allow domestic military deployment' Moscow Says U.S. Leadership Era Is Ending ' The Impact Of Global Insolvency Pakistani Government Is About To Go Bankrupt' Markets need morals, says Brown.' Chinese lawyers seeking redress for the infant victims of poisoned milk are facing Official Government pressure to abandon their efforts. ' AIDS, cancer scientists scoop medicine Nobel ' Europe's economic super power, Germany, agrees to 50 billion bail out France urges Israel not to attack Iran' Attackers in the Congo shot and hacked to death six workers of the International Committee of the Red Cross' 17 year old Girl has 7 Kids ' Iceland's Economy on Verge of Collapse Europe joins the bailout game' Iraq The Surge Is Not Working' Strange Creature Found On Russian Coastline Baffles Locals' (Russia) You won't buy our version of the war in Georgia? Fine, we won't buy your version of 9/11.' U.S. Security Firm Indicted for Fraud in Afghanistan' The government of Iceland getting a 4 bn loan from Russia in exchange for a 99year lease on the airport at Keflavik  a former American air base' Recent scenes from North Korea' Iran says it forced down Western plane.  U.S. denies initial Iranian reports that aircraft was American' An Iranian news agency said on Tuesday that a U.S. military aircraft had violated Iranian territory unintentionally and had been forced to land in Iran.' The Western World Needs to Rethink its Rush to Biofuels ' The West has completely failed the people of Somalia' Nepal declares girl new living goddess.  3yearold will be worshipped as incarnation of the Hindu deity Taleju' 50 dead in seven days in Mexico's drugs war China's Reputation On Product Safety Reaches a New Low Pakistan Faces Bankruptcy, Wants $100 Billion Handout' Russia says Georgia trying to provoke new conflict' Taliban split with al Qaeda and seek peace with Afghan government' AlQaeda is dwindling, but recent military strikes by the Americans in Pakistan's tribal areas are unifying the different radical Islamic groups' A novel about the Prophet Muhammad's child bride has been published in the US ahead of schedule after the office of the British publisher was attacked. Yahoo employee was head of media terror cell for Islamic Mujahideen' Terror as Iceland faces economic collapse' Russia is moving back to hairtrigger alert testing for its strategic nuclear bombers and cruise missiles for the first time since the closing years of the Cold War' The PEPCON disaster' Putin Releases Video Learn Judo With Vladimir Putin' It's 1240 Pm Pacific Time, and the DJIA is Down 393 Points and Plummeting! UN Says at Least 5,000 Flee Violence in Congo  NYTimes.com' Australian jet plunge injures 40 ' US supports Taliban return to power' Modern slavery in Dubai' Brazil and Argentina, two biggest economies in South America, Monday launched a new payment system of bilateral transaction with their local currencies, aimed at eliminating the U.S. dollar ' The British government's plan for teachers to monitor their pupils for signs of potential extremism only stifles debate and encourages secrecy. Attack on U.S. Embassy in Yemen Linked to Israeli Mossad' Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has started his own video blog ' China's superwealthy lose a third of their wealth over night Chinese Space Walk Filmed in Water' UK announces 50bn ($88bn) rescue plan' 14yearold Iowa girl abandoned under Nebraska law' NYTimes U.S. Inquiry Is Said to Conclude 30 Civilians Died in Afghan Raid '  The Matrix of Death. A New Dossier on the (Im)Precision of U.S Bombing and the (Under)Valuation of an Afghan Life' Russia to cut military personnel to 1 mln by 2012' World economic crisis deepens Nikkei sinks 9%, Russian exchange was shut down after a huge decline at the open, U.K. bailing out banks' The assassination of Salvador Vergara Cruz, mayor of a Mexican resort town, may represent a turning point in how Mexico deals with its drug trafficking problem.' Why are Afghan criminal networks secretly stockpiling enough heroin to supply every junkie on the planet? And where is it?' The latest conflict simmering between Lebanon and Israel is all about food Lebanese businessmen accusing Israel of stealing traditional Middle Eastern dishes like hummus' UK banks are now part nationalised as Government injects 500 billion' English woman fights to use dead husband's sperm China No more Western religious music in concert halls.' There Will Be No Lasting Peace without the Taliban' Hindu mobs in Indian province burning and killing Christians and Muslims...why isn't this in the news? China reluctant to reveal tainted milk figures' Is CNN Biased In This Presidential Race? I have been watching and testing' Anger over BaaderMeinhof Biopic Victims' Families in Uproar over New German Terrorism Film A bunch of multinationals have figured out how to make their pollutionbased businesses seem like the solution to the climate crisis.' The Bush administration this month is quietly cutting off birth control supplies to some of the worlds poorest women in Africa.' A 14 year old schoolboy posed as a female British secret service spy in an internet chatroom to persuade a 16 year old friend to try to murder him' Mexico Government agents killed 4 to 6 people in Chiapas, 3 of them mafia executionstyle. Residents respond by briefly capturing 77 government agents.' U.K. Uses AntiTerrorism Law to Seize Icelandic Bank Assets  ' Enraged neighbors briefly captured 77 police officers using nothing but sticks and traditional machetes.' Russian president Dmitry Medvedev calls on European leaders to create a new world order that minimises the role of the US' Sovietology, like paranoia, is a very dangerous disease, and it is a pity that part of the U.S. administration still suffers from it, Medvedev said.' Icelandic Regulator Takes Control of Kaupthing Bank ' Prior to the tyrannical theft of Palestine  via the Balfour Declaration issued to Lord Rothschild  the Middle East had been a relatively peaceful area.' Jews were never exiled from the Holy Land, most of todays Jews have no historical connection to Israel; the only political solution to conflict with the Palestinians is to abolish the Jewish state.' China milk victims may have doubled to over 90,000' From Germany to Guantanamo The Career of Prisoner No. 760 believed to have provided aid to the Sept. 11 attackers, and the confessions extracted from him by torture could collapse in court. ' Why Iceland's economy collapsed Military Justifies Attack That Killed at Least 33 Afghan Civilians (including 12 children)' Britain 'could be mining landfill for gold in a decade' UK uses antiterror laws against Icelandic bank' New World Order Global cooperation, nationalisation and state intervention  all in one day' Terror law used for Iceland deposits' German law professor who almost stopped the EU Elite wants world government ' Russia Pulls Out From Georgia Buffer Zones' U.S. report warns of crisis in Afghanistan' You too can stranglehold your opponents like Vladimir Putin ...' Blast rocks Pakistan capital At least 12 people are feared dead in a suspected car bombing at police headquarters'  North Korea said to be deploying missiles' IMF World on Brink of Recession' Icelandic Currency (ISK) loses 73% of its value in a single day. Yesterday, 1 USD = 92 ISK. Today, 1 USD = 418 ISK. ' Iceland has gone bankrupt. They are likely going to ask the International Monetary Fund for help and ditch the krona.' French President Nicolas Sarkozy Lets put things clearly. There was a Georgian military aggression. That was a mistake. But the Russian armys reaction was disproportionate' Nobel peace price for 2008 to Martti Ahtisaari' Oops! Jewish People is a Myth, says Jewish Historian ' Yom Kippur Jews Riot in Acre Over Arab Driving A Car ' Equipped with knives, sticks and clubs, they all had one purpose to do harm to Arabs for being Arabs.' Iran's 'Nuclear Detonators' Are A CIA Fake UK accuses Iceland of economic terrorism Seizes assets' Asian stock markets prunge over 10 percent on news that the sky is falling' Police faced off against hundreds of Jewish rioters chanting death to Arabs and trying to block the city's main thoroughfare' Nature loss 'dwarfs bank crisis' Two of this week's Nobel Prize winners talk about how the destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki changed their lives. Banned from Sumo for life for smoking marijuana? Japan even more uptight about pot than US' FTSE plunges 440pts in 10 minutes as markets around the world go into freefall again' Sources inside the (World ) bank confirm that servers in the institution's highlyrestricted treasury unit were deeply penetrated with spy software last April.' Oh My! Whatever Will The Oil Barons & Ministers Do? We need a rally for OPEC!!' Meanwhile, shares on the Tehran stock exchange have increased in value by 20% during the year.  (Of course, the majority of their eggs are in the oil basket....)' Libya is to withdraw all its assets from Swiss banks, estimated at $7bn' Rioting between Jews in Arabs has resumed in Akko after a Yom Kippur filled with violence in the racially mixed city' Inflammatory Republican rallies raise concerns' Congressional leaders Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi urged President Bush Thursday to call an emergency meeting with the G8 to address international financial instability.' Mullah Omar U.S. Should Withdraw Now Or Meet The Same Fate As The Soviets' Bulgarian roses will be planted in France' Pakistan in crisis on mission for US funding' While the world watches the 2008 US elections, Canada fights for its survival. On 14 October 2008 Canada will hold its most important elections since its creation  no hype, no exaggeration.' 'US missile' hits Pakistan town Iceland's Krona Currency Trading Halts  Last trade made at 340 krona per euro  Kaupthing Bank seized by the government Breaking The Silence  Truth and Lies in the War on Terror ... ' N. Korea off U.S. Terror List   ' Israel grants rare entry to cancerstricken Iranian boy ' Austrian politician Joerg Haider dies in car accident' Dubai is the 'hole in the net' of sanctions on Iran  Water agency kept uranium contamination at desert site Secret !!!' World financial crisis leads to auto industry layoffs across Europe' Pictured The horrific moment a hot air balloon exploded, leaving one dead and another injured' A new dawn for Iran the insolvency of the dollarbased global financial requires a new global settlement  a Bretton Woods II  a new assetbased energy dollar or carbon dollar' Hacker quits school to avoid punishment' Notes on a Milk Scandal' Local Residents in Japanese City Go To Court to Evict Yakuza HQ' Austrian farright politician Joerg Haider has been killed in a road accident in the Austrian province of Carinthia. ' Morgentaler receives Order of Canada' North Korea dropped from terrorism blacklist ' NASA presses ahead for Mars rover launch in 2009  Yahoo! News' U.S. takes North Korea off terror list' World Leaders to Act in Concert to Stem Financial Crisis  News Coverage' A sign on the door leading out of US Marines' Combat Operations Center says Have a Plan to Kill Everyone You Meet! Dog dies after saving man in Trinidad from fire  Boston.com' Buffett boosts wealth to top Gates on Forbes list ' Parenting You're Doing It Wrong! Iranian man awaits execution  for being a Christian' Interest in gold means that many of the worlds mints are struggling to keep up' Official 3,000 Christians flee bombings by Islamic extremists in Iraq's Mosul (AP)  The surge has been a success? Taliban leader killed by SAS was Pakistan officer' Financial crisis Countries at risk of bankruptcy from Pakistan to Baltics ' Irans Jews feel very much at home' America's opponents in the Middle East are gloating over the financial meltdown in the US, painting it as divine retribution for past misdeeds against Muslims and the last gasps of a dying empire Russia in fresh missile launches' Give Me Liberty or Give Me Sex? ' Biological warfare US controls bird flu vaccines over bioweapon fears' German Bailout Likely to Be Over $400 Billion' The well known Israeli drug store chain AMPM fired their CEO after it was made public that he allowed for Jewish security guards to work on Yom Kippur' 1,000 Christian families flee a campaign of liquidation in Iraq's northern city of Mosul Missing Hard Drive Had British Troops' Private Information Israeli Jews, Arabs clash in fourth straight night' Nobel Peace Prize 2008 goes to Martti Ahtisaari' An atheist, is just as STUPID, as a religious person who knows that god TRULY exists.' Christians flee Iraqi city after killings, threats, officials say ' Brown urges eurozone to copy UK. Because...?' In Before Media Watch' North Korea will comply with U.S. nuclear inspections, Gets Removed from Terror List' Christians flee Iraqi city after killings, threats' Flaherty reassures Canada about its economic growth after White House meeting' U.S. soldiers explain how they were told to carry drop guns to cover up  murder of Iraqi citizens as  Informal military policy' I think youll find more ecological wisdom in our average primary school than youll find round your Cabinet table' EU Bans the Incandescent Light Bul AFP Paul Krugman wins Nobel Economics Prize' Europe to U.S. You messed up the rescue, too' Hindu Threat to Christians Convert or Flee' Europe puts $2.3 trillion on line for banks, almost 3 times the USA bailout' Congratulations on your Nobel Prize in Economics Paul Krugman!' When can we get some damn privacy? Governments lose data! Up to 1.7m people's data missing AFRICA Sexuallytransmitted grades kills quality education' New Beijing Traffic Laws Take 800,000 Cars Off the Road in China' A Jamaican lottery scam draws in millions of US dollars every day, providing Jamaican gangs with highcalibre weapons.' Terror bill 42day detention rejected' Ringo 'too busy' for autographs EU warns youth turn your MP3 players down!' For three decades the Free Aceh Movement fought for independence from Indonesia, settling finally for autonomy.  Now its founder, long in exile, comes home.'  North Korea restores U.N. monitoring of atom sitediplomats' Aids in Africa The power of the pulpit's message AskReddit Out of all the significant world events that you have experienced in your lifetime, where would you rank the current financial crisis ? ' A different spin on textbook controversy rewriting history in the interest of peace' The Soleckshaw, a new solar powered rickshaw, has been unveiled this month in Delhi, and is being touted as a solution to traffic jams, pollution woes, and backbreaking human labor.' Venezuela shuts down McDonald's Children of the black dust' UK banks receive 37bn bailout' Bank shares fall despite bailout' Fighting the Financial Crisis Stocks Surge As EU Nations Unveil Bailout Packages' EU to ban traditional light bulbs, despite dangers of CFLs to health and the environment' Russian Lawyer Who Defended Journalists Is Poisoned In France' Daughter of Mossad chief sent to military prison for refusing to enlist. Stay classy, Israel!' US Surrenders Power to Appoint World Bank President ' India gets a new view of US Collection agents at call centers hear tales of woe from a land whose lifestyles they once idealized.' I was tortured and sentenced to death in Saudi Arabia. As a westerner, I was eventually released, but others are not so lucky' Redditors in Canada don't forget to get out and vote today! FriendlyFire Cover Up Revealed by New Video' Farrakhan To Announce 'A New Beginning' Oct. 19th  Nation of Islam leader to make major statement at mosque dedication How Did GOP Get $8 Million from Wachovia?  (Was It Before or After They Were 'Bailed Out?'... If That Even Matters) N. Korea defectors drop leaflets condemning leader ' Protests in London Against the Financial Bailout Plan for Banks (videos)' Syria, Lebanon establish diplomatic ties' PDF Amnesty International reports a sharp increase in beheadings in Saudi Arabia, with migrants and the poor bearing the brunt' UK Shariah TV Episode 5 asks How can you be a Muslim in the Land of the Great Satan?' Some of my best friends are gay Pete Mullen apologizes and explains his suggestion that homosexuals have sodomy warnings tattooed on their bodies.' Unexploded Bombs in Germany The Lethal Legacy of World War II' Global Economic Crisis Likely To Have Profound Consequences For US Politics, World Relations' Among the 64 Israelis arrested in the wake of Acre's 4 days of riots, the Arab man who started it all by driving his car during Yom Kippur. My eightyearold daughter  who has kidney problems  was dragged by her hair and one man tried to push her through the railings on the windows.' Stephen Harper has been a terrible Prime Minister and has run perhaps the poorest campaign, despite his millions, of all the major parties' A phototimeline of the Darfur conflict, now in its fifth year, by Doctors Without Borders' Bush Blinks on North Korean Nukes. Again.' Who knows what disasters lurk within the world's scattered lands? The Hungarians know. Science Based Approach to HIV/AIDS Returns to South Africa' UK Church of England Signs Pact With Radical Sunni Sect Responsible for the Taliban, Equates Terrorism With the Excesses of Western Foreign Policy' On behalf of the 64% of Canadians who did not vote for our new Conservative government, I apologize for what our country has done.' China will be a democracy by 2020, according to one of the country's most influential reformers.  Iceland Britain's unlikely new enemy CFR Member Calls For New Global Monetary Authority' How to engineer a financial catastrophe.' Suicide spurs bid to regulate the Internet in South Korea' Australia Muslim Students Group Outraged After Having to Share Prayer Room With Infidels' President of Honduras Calls for Drug Legalization' Conservative government reelected, CBC projects' Rabbits Overrun Nelson Mandela's Jail of 18 Years Thai and Cambodian soldiers fire bullets and rocketpropelled grenades at one another over disputed border two days after Cambodia warned of potential largescale conflict.' CNN Reelection Projected for Canadian PM Stephen Harper' Brazil saves penguins. Yay for penguins!' Muslim convert Joseph Thomas took ticket, cash from alQa'ida court Canada's vote against change ...a Saudi woman initiated a boycott campaign against lingerie stores aiming to put pressure on shop owners to replace salesmen with women.' Iceland receiving assistance from Nordic countries | from the hip' Supreme Court Rejects Execution Appeal  NYTimes.com' I revealed myself to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob as l Shaddi, but was NOT known to them by my name Yahweh.' Italians are up on arms over France's refusal to extradite for trial Marina Petrella, a former member of the communist terrorist group Brigate Rosse. UK Says Rich Nations Should Pay Billions Every Year for Rainforest' What does the rehabilitation of Bill Ayers tells us about the war on terrorism?' Why No Outrage Over Persecuted Hindus? How many millions of Hindus do Muslims have to kill or displace before the world takes notice? ' Attack on U.S. Embassy in Yemen Linked to Mossad' French authorities investigate the alleged posioning of a prominent Russian human rights lawyer, raising the spectre of exKGB officer's poisoning two years ago. Iceland has food stocks for about 3 to 5 weeks' Israeli Bestseller Breaks National Taboo  Dr Shlomo argues that the idea of a Jewish nation is a myth invented little more than a century ago.' CNN anchorwoman actually takes on Israeli spokeswoman [VID]' Ever wondered what a dead city looks like? Watch this BBC report from inside Mogadishu, Somalia' Italian PM Berlusconi wants Russia to join EU ' Three months in jail if you have premarital sex in Dubai. You know, that place with the massive architecture everyone thinks is just so cool' The Communications Data Bill (2008) will lead to the creation of a single, centralized database containing records of all emails sent, websites visited and mobile phones used by UK citizens.' Pinochetera death squad members jailed' European Union to Stick to Tough Climate Targets Despite Poorer Countries' Attempt to Block Moving Forward Russia ends decadesold border dispute and gives territory to China ' The Queen visits Google' Norway police charge Microsoft's Fast with fraud Britain, in alliance with Poland, Sweden and the Baltic States, has narrowly prevented the European Union from reopening trade and aid talks with Moscow' Last Titanic survivor, 96, sells mementos to help pay nursing home fees in England' Friendly fire in Iraq  and a coverup' Iraqi negotiators are reviewing a revised draft of a longdelayed security agreement to govern the conduct of American forces in Iraq, an Iraqi government spokesman announced Wednesday. ' United Nations declare Gaza smuggling 'an industry'  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Five Afghanistan scholars visiting the University of Washington reported missing' BBC in its last stages budget cuts will make it increasingly difficult to maintain standards' Intelligence report U.S. antiterror ally Pakistan 'on the edge'  Sarkozy Arabic Is the Language of the Future' World sharemarkets slump on recession fears' Tactical calculations in Afghanistan make nonsense of US and British claims that their civilian victims are accidental 'collateral damage'...' Don't Laugh at the Bear U.S. travel alert adds Nogales, Mexico' The Other Man On The Podium' Dutch nonprofit reproductive health organization sails ship around the world, anchoring in international waters to provide abortions to women in countries where abortion is banned' Grand Ayatollah Issues Decree Calling Muslims to Defend Iraq's Christians Marx Das Kapital sales soar among young Germans ' A man in England killed his wife because she changed her Facebook relationship status to single' Georgia Used Cluster Bombs in August War, Too' Arctic Temperatures Break AllTime Recorded High' Reddit, please send help, (UK) politicians insane. Apparently not monitoring mobile and web records would be giving a licence to terrorists to kill people' Wow. Secret coded messages are being embedded into child pornographic images, and paedophile websites are being exploited as a secure way of passing information between terrorists.' England to run out of honey before Christmas after catastrophic honeybee decline '  Iran to stop executing youths' China watches over internet caf customers in web crackdown ' China's media freedoms are reduced. New measures include cameras in internet cafes and pictures taken of all users' Bali bombing  new suspects' Hindu American Foundation petitions the NY Times to focus as much on the activities of Christian missionaries in India as it does on antiChristian violence.' A quick overview of how Islamic terror organizations get their funding.' Last Titantic Survivor to Auction Off Mementos to Pay for Nursing Home  We can do better!' Hungary Gets $6.7B Loan to Avert Meltdown ' Sao Paolo  Hundreds of blackclad military police fired teargas, stun grenades and rubber bullets at striking civilian officers seeking a 15 percent pay raise' Austrailian historian arrested for Holocaust denial' Defense Secretary Gates said he is prepared for reconciliation with Taliban as part of the political outcome in Afghanistan' Is Switzerland the next Iceland?  Switzerland was forced to take emergency measures yesterday to shore up its two biggest lenders to prevent a collapse in confidence in the country's banking system.' Police battle police in Sao Paulo' 25 more civilians killed in NATO air strike in Afghanistan villagers' The West Is at a Loss in Afghanistan' Prepare for 'Important Message', North Korea diplomats have been told. Response to 9/11 was 'huge overreaction'  exMI5 chief Their Own Worst Enemy In its quest to become a world power, China faces one big obstacle The sheer stupidity of its leadership' Thousands march in Baghdad against U.S. pact' Austrian Fascist Spent Final Hours at Gay Nightclu British couple defends son's Swiss suicide  Malaysians warned not to question Islam' China to make Olympics press freedoms standard' Pakistan charges American with illegal entry and possession of a weapon in Waziristan' Here Comes Trouble . . . Muqtada Al Sadr urges followers to reject USIraq pact' Thousands of followers of antiAmerican cleric alSadr took to the streets on Saturday in a demonstration against a pact that would allow U.S. forces to stay in Iraq for 3 more years.' Austrian RightWinger Was In Gay Bar Before He Died In DUI Crash ' The global financial crisis has also started to hit countries once thought to be immune from it, like China, Russia and the Gulf States. ' Europe Contemplating A New Financial Order After the Credit Crisis' Thousands of Iraqis protest U.S. security pact' Russia troops launch Caucasus crackdown after attack' If you want to change the world, you have two days left.' Nir Rosen How We Lost the War We Won' Checehnya opens Europe's biggest mosque constructed by Turkish builders China to help Pakistan build two more nuclear power plants ' With the help of an international community, Congo is finally starting to deal with its horrendous rape problem the worst sexual violence in the world. ' Rome workers uncover city of dead' A Russian military convoy has been attacked by rebels in its volatile southern region of Ingushetia' Britain to cut immigration due to weak economy minister' Luc PierreCharles Jr VS James Pieper...His parents found out he had befriended black kids who carry guns at school. He's dead now and Luc PierreCharles isn't getting the Bragging Rights? WTF? Japan yesterday ordered retailers to pull frozen beans from China off the shelves after a woman fell ill eating a product which had 34,500 times the legal limit of pesticide' Passports will be needed to buy mobile phones  Times Online' How We Lost the War We Won A journey into Talibancontrolled Afghanistan (by Nir Rosen)' Brazen UK domestic Media Operations policy leaked  Wikileaks' New law to allow police to collect DNA in secret ' UKCommissioned Report Urges Regulated Market to Replace Cannabis Prohibition' Muslim fanatic prisoners to be 'deprogrammed' in UK using controversial techniques to 'cure' them of beliefs Hackers withdraw from Sarkozys bank account ' Jewish settlers attack Palestinians during harvest' North Korea will make an important announcement on Monday amid speculation over the health of its leader Kim Jong Il' NATO warships arrive to deter Somali pirates' The Economists Global Electoral College Obama is currently winning 8,897 to 38' Jewish Settlers Attack Palestinian Man Taking Photographs of Olive Farmers' An 11yo girl was set on fire by a relative in Indias northern city of Jaipur for wearing lipstick and being inappropriately dressed' In Iraq, The Doctors Are Out' Jamaican police looking for stolen beach' Shiite bloc holds off OK to USIraq pact' Is Kim Jong Il dead?' In a Baghdad District, Scars of Sectarian Violence Run Deep' India  Girl set alight for wearing lipstick' U.S. Pact Hits Snag as Iraq Shiites Seek Changes' Has the EU been watching too much Lou Dobbs?' As the Price of Crude Plunges, Venezuela Is Poised to Face a Lot of Pain' Accusation Against Writer Reopens Traumas of Czech Past ' Young Midland Muslims support suicide bombings new poll reveals' Coke Dealers Badass Party House w/ Private Zoo' Japan 44 per cent of country's workforce are parttime only. Communistthemed manga comics are enjoying soaring success.' Seriously, what's going on in China that would cause melamine in everything from milk to dogfood... and now chocolate and strawberry flavored willy spread?' Fascinating Pictures of Russian Trains ' Activists celebrate Irans ban on juvenile executions' New Security Scanners Called Virtual Strip Search at Melbourne Airport Will Show Genitals!' Beijing Olympic Official gets the Death Sentence.' Rwanda abandons French language' Convert or we will kill you, Hindu lynch mobs tell fleeing Christians' A split in Belgium?' Pakistan facing bankruptcy as world financial crisis deepens' Trial of 86 nationalist hardliners accused of using assassination and bombings in an attempt to overthrow the Islamistleaning Turkish government is postponed when supporters flood the courtroom.' Burros carry one man's library to Colombian villagers UK borrowing at 60year high' Did a Gulf of Tonkin Incident Just Happen In Iranian Waters?' Vietnamese Security Police Again Active in Poland' Really? Iran Security Forces arrest pigeons working for imperialists equipped with metal rings and invisible strings near Natanz nuclear facility' China to Allow Land Leasing, Transfer. New Law Is Part of Project Aimed at Doubling Rural Incomes' Sri Lanka MoD says 33 troops died fighting Tiger rebels over the weekend. Here are some govt. videos.' Muslim fanatic prisoners to be 'deprogrammed' using controversial techniques to 'cure' them of beliefs Bank hackers steal from French President Sarkozy' Drug violence traumatizes Mexico's children. Almost 200 UFO files will be made available by the MoD over the next four years.' Israel Considering Saudi Peace Deal' British spinster jailed after breaking neighbour's arm with spade Britain's freedoms under threat from 'Big Brother security state', warns Director of Public Prosecutions Centuries of freedoms being broken by security state, says England's top prosecutor Newly declassified documents Stalin was ready to send over a million Soviet troops to the German border in order to preempt Nazi aggression. This could have prevented the outbreak of the World War II' Providing micronutrients for 80% of the 140 million poorest children in the form of vitamin A and zinc would cost $60 million/year. This action holds benefits of more than $1 billion/year.' China accuses US of widespread human rights abuses on its own territory and hypocrisy in criticizing others' A Photo Essay on Vietnam's Forest Pygmies Only discovered in the 1980s, this is Vietnam's Smallest Indigenous Minority (in both senses of the word) 'More inequality' in rich nations Terrorism Act' Bali bombers to be shot dead after losing court appeal to be beheaded' 1917 Baron Rothschild was the addressee of the Balfour Declaration, which committed the British government to the establishment in Palestine a national home for the Jewish people.' Somalia frees hijacked cargo ship' What are the Japanese doing right now? Minute by minute graphs from the best census keeper on earth' Bali bombers to be shot to death' Canada had role in torture of its nationals probe' Mobile's missed calls that reveal 'terrorists tried to detonate car bombs 15 times in central London' Lloyd's of London, the world's biggest insurance market, said Tuesday that Hurricanes Gustav and Ike will cost it at least $2.34 billion in damages claims. Amnesty International says Nigeria's criminal justice system is so flawed, it's calling for a moratorium on executions to avoid the deaths of innocents. Mao Zedong's only grandson leads Maoist revival CounterTerrorism Bill clause 83 reminder  chilling effect on reporting or speculation about military or intelligence service or police personnel ?' In Algeria, death sentences follow fugitives thick and fast' French Bistros File Record Bankruptcies as French surrender their culinary pride to Le Big Mac' Botswana brides Buy now, pay later' ANC call on SA land redistribution described as 'reckless' Army scientists 'deployed in UK' Sarkozy pushes eurozone 'economic government' US falls to 119th out of around 160 countries ranked by press freedoms outside its own territory, says Reporters Without Borders.' Austria in shock as leader of far right Alliance for the Future of Austria reveals he's gay  and was having a longterm affair with Jorg Haider, the former leader BBC India successfully launches the unmanned Chandrayaan 1 spacecraft  the country's first mission to the Moon Moon rocket at an Indian price Just 80 million dollars to the moon' Despite intense U.S. pressure, Pakistan refuses to buy the with us or against us worldview and are edging closer to talks with the Taliban, saying, What's wrong with talking?' Kristallnacht remnants finally unearthed near Berlin, close to 70 years on' Surprisingly enough, Chagos Islanders lose the latest round in their battle to return to their home, stolen from them by the UK' Russia, Iran and Qatar announce an OPECstyle big gas troika that will control 60% of the world's gas supplies.' Women who switched roles to live lives as men. Last of Albania's 'sworn virgins' Chinese call Microsoft the biggest hacker in China, with its intrusion into users' computer systems without their agreement or any judicial authority.' Dutch police official on coffeeshops and the meshing of legal and illegal drug trade' A skyscraper in Mecca catches fire. Does anyone have more on this?' Ouch! Wachovia Reports $23.9 Billion Loss for Third Quarter' Dear Mr. Brown, we are not terrorists' Chagos Islanders, comprehensively screwed over by the UK and US governments, may have a chance of returning to their stolen homeland (but don't hold your breath) It is more important to be attractive than to be right' Civilian deaths from US/Nato air strikes in Afghanistan are not accidents or mistakes  they are calculated and predicted' UK Government tied in knots by bondage protest' Nicolas Sarkozy threatens to sue over voodoo doll that tells people to stick pins into his body' Jamaica beach vanishes in crime wave' Economic downturn likely to cause British recession Brown' 35 Taliban reported killed in Afghan battle....Just how many of these f*ckers are there?' Mexico arrests suspected major cocaine trafficker after shootout' Donors pledge 4.5 billion dollars to Georgia' Mountain range that rivals the Alps may prove that Antartica was once part of Western U.S.' Argentina nationalizes private pensions and acknowledges that they were an enormous error''. Argentina takes action to protect workers and retirees instead of banks. ' How people of other religions are treated in Muslim countries Amazing facts.' Baby rape a cure for AIDS  How can this be sick belief be common in a developed country? over 1500 new infections daily, over 20,000 rapes a year' UN says wealth gap creating a social time bomb  Growing inequality in US cities could lead to widespread social unrest and increased mortality.' Another war? Bosnia in real danger of collapse' Israeli Revealed as owner of South Sudan bound weapons ship' EU awards its Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought to jailed Chinese dissident Hu Jia.  China's Foreign Ministry calls it meddling but too trivial to dwell on.' Mexican Government Covers Up Murder of Journalist' Pakistan stares into the abyss' Massive Secret Uranium Shipment Revealed' Pakistan Will Give Arms to Tribal Militias.  What could go wrong?' Pakistan 8 Students Die in Suspected US Missile Strike on School' Russians told all is well as economy sinks' Adolf Hitler and the Nazis were working on a Big Brotherstyle cable television propaganda industry to be broadcast across Germany' Farright Austrian leader sacked for revealing gay affair with Jrg Haider' US airstrike kills 9 Afghan soldiers at checkpoint' US, British exdiplomats warn Bosnia in danger of collapse' UN warns of mass starvation in North Korea' Horrific Flashback From My Soviet Childhood' Pakistan takes $5bn IMF bailout after allies refuse funds' Russia Backs Keeping U.S. Force in Iraq' GOP Donors Critical of Palin's Pricey Threads; Some Want Money Back (..like to think they were successful enough to [get] their wardrobe with their own money)' India Launches Moon Mission' Mobile biometric scanners for all UK police' V, U or L shaped  the shape of the coming global recession [Hint L shaped is bad]' EU formally renews ties with Cuba ' Terrorism laws can be abused to stifle dissent UN rights expert' Colombia Half a million people on strike in the nation that kills more union members than the rest of the world combined.' Australia uses accusations of child abuse to take land from Aborigines for uranium mines'  Aussie govt Don't criticize our (terrible) 'Net filters German banks wants bonus repayment repayed from former managers.  Nice lead Germany'  Oil falls nearly $5 as OPEC cut fails to halt slide ' U.S. Student Jailed In Iran' Resurgence of antisemitism in Germany' The United States has plundered global wealth by exploiting the dollar's dominance, and the world urgently needs other currencies to take its place China paper North Korea faces worst food crisis in decade  Millions of people in the country are facing severe deprivations not seen since the mid1990s' Airport Striptease Germany Shies Away From 'Peeping Tom' Airport Scanners Russian default risk tops Iceland as crisis deepens' EU defies Beijing warning to award Chinese dissident human rights prize' Deputy Governor of the Bank of England This is a onceinalifetime crisis and possibly the largest financial crisis of its kind in human history ' Eastern European economies face bankruptcy' Stephen Hawking to retire as Cambridge's Professor of Mathematics The arrest of Pinochet  10 years later. 30,000+ victims, 38 convictions.' I'm in search of Gandhi in the land of Gandhi, he added. I've failed to find him.' Russia's financial crisis is escalating with lightning speed as foreigners pull funds from the country and the debt markets start to price a serious risk of sovereign default. North Korea clamps down on mobile phones to stop news of food crisis' Iran holding American student in prison' UK's highest court has criticised Islamic law for discriminating against women following a case in which a mother was forced to flee to the UK from the Middle East Iran accuses US of 'pillaging' Iraq  Rumors flurry about Ahmadinejad's health following event cancellations. Imprisoned Chinese Human Rights Activist Hu Jia Receives Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought' Time and Money Running Out for Pakistan' EU Calls For New World Governance (video) ' Eastern European economies face bankruptcy ' Pakistan rejects 'America's war' on extremists Sign the petition to stop Australian Internet censorship' Stephen Hawking to retire from prestigious post' In Russia, Calm Despite Plunging Stocks and Shaky Banks' Afghan authorities have arrested 13 people, including employees of DHL courier service, after a shooting killed two foreign nationals and a security guard in Kabul Saturday.' Kenya readies for Obama tourist boom' UN aids Iraqi Christians chased from Mosul (AP)' Yemen floods leave 46 dead, 20,000 without shelter' Explosion Destroys Key Bridge in Georgia' Passenger hijacks Russian internal flight report | International | Reuters' Europes largest mosque opens in Chechnya' Switzerland rallies for nuclear disarmament' Pakistan and Afghanistan Forecast Stormy with a Couple Hurricanes on the Way'  Time and Money Running Out for Pakistan' The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Thursday that virtually no medical supplies were reaching Gaza, putting the lives of several hundred seriously ill patients at stake' Hindu extremists held over deadly bombings' Cold War Stories Baykonur, Two Generations Ago ' Future of the press useful or just shallow?' Israel may turn to right as coalition talks crumble' US Govt Helping Rid Iraqis of Dangerous Economic Surplus' Guantanamo guards struggle with hunger striker ' It begins Australian net filters may block porn and gambling sites as well.' Sharia rulings on divorces and disputes to be rubberstamped by English courts despite women being treated like secondclass citizens. When will suffrage be repealed?' Japan's fastestgrowing class the working poor Soldiers Speak Out is a powerful, firsthand testament to the reality of the military experience' Report Iranian president has fallen ill' Muslim sex abuse victims have a religious obligation not to report their abusers' Man has arm sucked down a vacuum toilet on a train' West African court orders the Nigerian state to pay $19,030 in damages and interest for failing to protect a child from being sold into slavery.' Dutch towns 'swamped by drug tourists'  planning to close coffee shops Iran Cabinet Minister Facing Impeachment after his supposed Oxford University law degree turned out to be a fake.' Britain's police state steams ahead Police will use new device to take fingerprints in street Pakistani girl charged with immorality is chased by dogs then shot dead; father says a land dispute is the real motive.' Nun 'attacked and gangraped by 40 men' in antiChristian violence in India West ganging up on Russia | The Japan Times Online' Syrian witness reacts to US raid' Illegal Horse Fighting Festival Begins' Worried Japanese parents try to marry off adult children ' Syria accuses US of deadly raid' Iran US military raid 'unacceptable'  An Inside Look into Bribery in China' A special ops surge in Afghanistan' Yen gains, Nikkei hits 26yr low as markets suffer' US special forces launch rare attack inside Syria (October Surprise?)' Japan's burgeoning class Working Poor Someone has to take the fall Georgia's PM fired by president Is the Rudd government about to erect a Great Firewall of Australia?' Russian historian Boris Borisov asks what became of over seven million American citizens who disappeared from US population records in the 1930s.' A 24yearold woman who spent her life as a slave has taken the Niger government to court, claiming it failed her by ignoring its own laws.' Israeli best seller breaks national taboo  Israeli academic and historian says Jewish Nation myth ' Abu Nidal, notorious Palestinian mercenary, 'was a US spy' Our MPs barely earn a crust' Italians flood Rome in antiBerlusconi protest' Dalai Lama Gives Up On China Talks' Iranian president has fallen ill' Hundreds of thousands march through Rome to protest against the rightwing government of Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi' German movie puts world war II rapes in focus' 38 people dead and as many as 30,000 homeless in Eastern India as Christians face growing attacks' I hate the gooks  John McCain' Hong Kong Extends Melamine Testing After Finding Chemical In Chinese Eggs' Mushroom The Most Powerful Symbol of Life and Death' Armed assailants attacked a man and gouged out his eyes in front of his family during a gruesome assault in southern Afghanistan' Remembering the UK's last recession Tourism? It's just national prostitution, says Prince Philip Landmark Berlin Squat Battles Eviction' Livni calls for early Israeli election' Basque demonstrators take to the streets, demanding the right to a referendum on independence from Spain' Melamine found in eggs from China' Betancourt compares her ordeal to Austria dungeon crimes' Daring $1m midday heist in Milan ' Iran Says OPEC May Decrease Production Further' BBC Rampant Evidence That Georgia Committed War Crimes During Conflict With Russia' Is Britain on its way to becoming a surveillance society. Or has it already arrived?' Extremists to be barred from UK' 1000 Congolese citizens hurl rocks at a UN compound, angry that a 17,000strong U.N. peacekeeping force has been unable to protect them from a rebel attack just 25 miles north of the city.' Happy Diwali ' UK parents to be fingerprinted by nursery schools' Europe on the brink of currency crisis meltdown ' Defectors describe executions, torture in North Korea' The 255th death due to lack of medical treatment resulting from the seige on Gaza passed away, Monday' How then did a Victorian working class family with four children enjoy a nutritious if unsophisticated diet on a budget of less than 2 per week?' A news story that's remarkable for giving a much rounder than usual picture of civilian responses to the Islamist stoning of a woman accused of adultery. North Korea's military threatened to use everything in its arsenal to reduce South Korea to rubble unless Seoul stops civic groups from sending antiPyongyang leaflets into the communist state. A woman in Somalia has been stoned to death after an Islamic Sharia law court found her guilty of adultery' Chile's torture colony   Colonia Dignidad  Right By My Side Where You Supposed To Be  We might be on the verge of a major breakthrough with the Taliban' Italy megamarch against Berlusconi' Iraq demands all US troops out by 2011' IMF may need to print money as crisis spreads ' Refugees Australia rejected 'killed by Taliban' 'Bush's Way of Waving Goodbye to Syria?' UN atomic energy chief warns of nuclear theft ' China May Lend Russia $25 Billion as Part of Oil Deal ' Q&A Why is Congo in the news, and what role is the UN playing?' I don't get it? Are people who insist on warring against the WRONG Country stubborn, or stupid, or evil? Iranian general admits supplying weapons to 'liberation' fighters in middle east Finnish evoting system loses 2% of votes, has no paper trail' One dead, thousands without power and the first October snow in London in 74 YEARS as Arctic blast sweeps across UK' Gordon Brown's terror claims for ID cards are bunkum says GCHQ expert' mental midgets at tsa will eventually reallow us to bring our nonexplosive liquids back on planes! now if they'll just stop stealing our crap Over 1,000 foreign soldiers killed in Afghanistan since 2001' Report N. Korea's Kim suffers `serious' setback UK doctors warned we'll report you to MI5 over IT security' UK will face peak oil crisis within five years, report warns' Five synchronized suicide bombings hit Somalian targets, including a UN building and the Ethiopian embassy.' The stench went through my nostrils   Pub chefs accused of serving human excrement in gelato to a family complaining about noise during a football match. ' Israeli biometric database bill passes first vote' World Conservation Congress biodiversity underpins the wellbeing of human societies and their economies' Net giants create code to defend online freedoms' UK database guru warns over breaches' This is the Zlin143, the plane commonly used by the Tamil Tigers' Air Wing which today dropped aerial bombs on a Columbo power station and escaped a Sri Lankan air force dragnet.' Venezuela gets its own Satellite! Let's try to find out what it can do! Young dodge the internet censors' Livni's brave stand U.S. embassy in Syria says may close to public' Extremists face tougher UK entry' MI5 targets Irelands alQaeda cells' Ludmilla Radchenko For The Art Of Being A Woman' Scores dead after Pakistan quake' If you guys don't elect Obama, can we have him? Cops Centipedes are dangerous weapons' I Know We've Got This Election in US To Worry, But I Wanted To Help Shine More Light On Our Australian Friends Potential 'Internet Filter' Problem. Let's Keep That In The Spotlight Too! I can picture in my mind a world without War, a world without Hate. and I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it. Jack Handey British home secretary launches investigation into CIA and MI5 torture which could lead to a criminal prosecution.' Not as important as the US election or aussie internet censorship.. but.. 215 dead, up to 50,000 people may be homeless in Pakistan, following earthquake..' Australia to implement mandatory internet censorship' British cave explorers find worlds deepest cave. 1 km. That shit is deep!' Iceland Britain has devastated our economy' Israeli meseum of tolerance being built on a Muslim graveyard' Chinese News reports on RAND proposal for an American war to save the American Economy' Jordan woman stabbed to death over sex images' Dutch 2008 Commemorative coin (Netherlands and Architecture) beautiful and wonderfully creative' (pics) Battles rage in Congo' Losing Afghanistan After 7 Years of War, the Taliban Attacks the Culture Ministry in Heart of Kabul' And the winner of Bayer's 17th International Childrens Painting Competition is...you guessed it... China to Talk with Dalai Lama Envoys  Comic' War Refugees Christians On the Run in Iraq' Global Fund revokes $10M in antiAIDS funding and $2M in antimalaria funding to Uganda over allegations of mismanagement.' Not Even Getting Hosed Down Can Stop A Band Of Somalian Pirates' Listen online to live audio of CNN TV' Scores dead in nine Indian explosions' If Walter Cronkite says World Government it must be true' Graffiti on a wall between Israel and Palestina' Meanwhile, in the UK, Lesley Douglas, BBC Radio 2 controller, resigns over the Brand/Ross prank call 'scandal' Israeli army to defend Palestinians from..............Israeli settlers' Bomb attacks in India kill at least 67' Outofoffice reply ends up on bilingual road sign in Wales'  CIA officers could face trial in Britain over torture allegations ' teens attack 75 year old blind flamingo  what is wrong with our world?' Exxon Posts Largest Ever Profit of $14.83 Billion in a Quarter!' I Know We've Got This Election in US To Worry, But I Wanted To Help Shine More Light On Our Afgani Friends Ongoing 'Us Killing Them' Problem. Let's Keep That In The Spotlight Too! Priests to face 'sex drive tests'; Pope looks like Sith Lord in photos. Is the Taliban Stockpiling Opium? And If So, Why? ' Berlusconi Guts Italys School System, It's Going From one of Europe's Best to one of Its Worst.  The truth about South Ossetia' Johann Hari How we fuel Africa's bloodiest war Worst Terrorist Attack in India's Northeast  12 separate blasts, with police saying nearly 70 people have died Australia denies residency to doctor because his son has down syndrome' France Imam arrested for illegal marriages' Japan general fired over WWII essay critical of US' Suspected US missile strike kills 20 in Pakistan' Police halt wedding of boy, seven, to girl aged five' Syria cut off contacts with Iraq and reduce its forces on the border' Japanese air force chief of staff says the idea that Japan was an aggressor in WWII mind control.  In his view, it was the US that forced Japan into war.' Pakistani police break up the marriage of a 7 and 4 year old, reportedly arranged to end a longstanding family feud.' UK drug abuse worst in Europe' Libya has paid $1.5bn into a compensation fund for relatives of US victims of terror attacks blamed on Tripoli.' Pirates are back  Seize Boat Crew Off Cameroon ' 3000 Year Old Spider God Temple Found in Peru' Brit becomes Mayor of Spanish town, because every other ruling councillor is arrested for corruption' UK Centre for Social Cohesion press release  The UK government to work with extremist Muslim students' British police ask for camera license!' Beheaded after trying for asylum in Australia' March of the dustbin Stasi Half of councils use UK antiterror laws to watch people putting rubbish out on the wrong day' Amnesty Somali rape victim, 13, stoned to death, AF ' Japanese Air chief sacked over WWII denial' Australian ISPs speak out against government's Great Firewall mandatory content filter SAS chief quits over 'gross negligence' that killed his troops Syrians protest against US attack ' 1 million people flee fighting in Congo, U.N. says' US airstrikes kill (another) 20 in Pakistani villages' Syria has denounced a US strike on its territory but sources say Damascus secretly backed the raid' Rescued Royal Bank of  Scotland to pay millions in bonuses' GAMBIA Sex tourists exploiting children' Prostitution which Approach works  Legalization, or Criminalization?' Banks seek help to forgive some credit card debt' Tories pledge to stop UK surveillance powers abuse' Roberte Mugabe supporters grab one of Zimbabwe's last whiterun farms Telling the Truth About Rape in Congo' New rightwing Swiss party to enter political arena' Christmas Slowly Losing Popularity' Mercy Politics Refugees The Dire Consequence of Wars and Conflicts.' Huge Piece Space station trash plunging to Earth' Marriage dowry is major cause of poverty' Saddam Hussein the martyr  inside tyrants tom Somalia Rape victim, 13, stoned to death'