 Teenage girls buried alive for trying to choose their own husbands' AntiKremlin website owner shot dead in police custody | The Register' A Pakistani politician has defended a decision to bury five women alive because they wanted to choose their own husbands.' Brits encouraged to spy on their neighbours' 1984 is Reality in Chinese City with More Than 200,000 Surveillance Cameras' Can sound money really bring about peace? Actually, it plays a big part in peaceful international relationships.' David Kelly's closest female confidante on why he COULDN'T have killed himself Group Georgia admits to dropping cluster bombs'  Papua hikers find 'World War 2 airman' AntiChristian violence Churches burnt in ...? (see if you can guess the place)' Al Qaida has free movement in Pakistan, top official concedes' Bombing Afghanistan, Afghan President Tells 60 Minutes That Too Many Civilians Are Being Killed  CBS News' Happy Ramadan!' New Russian world order the five principles' UK Home Office predicts 'anarchy' in leaked memo Putin pwns tiger, saves television crew.'  Invasion of Iran would trigger World War III' Putin, Proving himself to be the manliest PM alive, tranqs tigers. Thinks EU should mind it's own damn business.  Putin saves TV crew from Siberian tiger' Eiffel Tower's lights are to go out Possible RussiaIran Alliance to counter 'unfriendly' U.S. moves Japan Forced to Pay Damages For Sailors Suicide' Holland jumps on the US will bomb Iran bus' NeoNazi forum hacked by German antifascist hackers. Police won't do anything with the information, because the data was gathered illegally Mexicos Supreme Court voted to uphold legal abortion in Mexico City' A girl filmed Israeli soldiersrutality. Since then, her family has been the victim of revenge attacks.   The Dutch have recalled a spy from Iran citing a U.S. plan to attack Iran with unmanned aircraft within a few weeks.  An Israeli news source confirmed preparations for a military strike against Iran.' Japanese wives hire professional seducers to set up hubby for divorce. (File under It just ain't fair)' Japans Prime Minister Resigns' State of emergency declared in Bangkok' Judge Says Human Rights Case Against ExxonMobil Can Move Forward' Israelis guilty of Hebron killing' Thirst, a presentation about water shortage is the World's Best Presentation for 2008 on SlideShare.' Russia Says US May Have Sent Weapons To Georgia' Dutch intel US to strike Iran in coming weeks | Iran news | Jerusalem Post' Gareth Porter notes how the US has easily applied a double standard to condemn Russia.' Israeli army targets family over brutality film' While we debate over offshore drilling and lifting gas taxes, China is planning to build the world's fastest train at 236mph.  Nabucco Pipeline suddenly given a lot of importance by Turkey et al. after conflicts in Georgia' 1.2 Million Homeless, Approx. 3 Million Affected After Floods in Bahir, India' Thailand's prime minister calls state of emergency  According to the NICCIA,  Pakistan is slated to become a failed state by 2015, as it would be affected by civil war, complete Talibanisation and struggle for control of its nuclear weapons.' WAR WARNINGRussia Warns Rothschild's European UnionNAYO Super Power Mexico Supreme Court upholds abortion law' Death Penalty Campaign NeoNazis Exploit Public Anger Over Girl's Murder (Germany) From East Africa to South Asia, the US is disengaging in the former hot spots of the War on Terror. Its a quiet admission that Bushs foreign policy has failed.' BBC NEWS | Europe | Police reak up Ingush protest' One man's fetid open sewer is another man's gold mine Lula suspends Brazil spy chiefs over phone taps' Apprently a 49 Game Losing Streak ain't THAT bad...... Poland Legalization of Marijuana  two majour steps in the right direction' What's REALLY happening between Russia and the U.S. As Brazil begins to tap its immense oil reserves, it is bucking the tradition of giving all the profits to the upperclass.' Surveillance in a Box Siemens has developed software to pool and sort data from telephone calls, email and internet activity, bank transactions and insurance records. ' US confronts Russia as Cheney flags 'deep' interest in exSoviet zones Spanish judge seeks information on civil war dead' US gives $1bn to rebuild Georgia' Oil prices likely to drop below $100 due to falling demand and stronger dollar  according to Reuters' Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko has threatened to dissolve parliament and call elections after the collapse of the country's ruling coalition. $75B Spent By Evil Saudis To Spread Islam Globally' Second Russian journalist in three days killed ' Gov't Triggers Official Inquiry into Alleged CIA Prisons in Poland Sudden death after arrest may be new syndrome (nothing to do with tasers or beatings of course)' The French Ban TV for Children Under Three' Third US Navy ship heads for Georgia' The Medvedev Doctrine and American Strategy (Stratfor)  Russia Makes Clear Its Intentions' 3 More Canadian Soldiers Die, 5 Wounded' Britian's [Big Brother] CCTV system proves to be a waste! Scotland Could Boost UK Hydropower by 50%' Tensions between Russia and U.S. threaten space station'  North Korea begins reassembling nuclear facility' Iraq Iraqi army readies for showdown with Kurds | World news | The Guardian' Persia Ancient Soul of Iran  ' In Iran, women's rights activists score victory on marriage legislation Vladimir Putin picked as world's most influential person  Security guards beat man at soccer (football) game, fans and players charge the field and beat them.' U.S. Troops cross border into FUCKING Pakistan!! U.S. confirms ground assault against Taliban inside Pakistan. Sept 03, 128am' Syria has made an official proposal to Israel for direct peace talks, Assad says.  We are awaiting Israel's response.  The two countries have been at war for 60 years' Pakistan condemns US over raid' I could never have imagined that they would bomb my wedding party. They killed my entire family. I will never forgive them.' Japan Antiterrorism Law Serves U.S. Interests' Israeli warplanes violate Lebanese airspace, break sound barrier twice over Tyre' Abramoff jailed for corruption' Pakistan reacts with fury after up to 20 die in 'American' attack on its soil Before hauling parts of its mothballed nuclear reactor out of storage this week, North Korea notified the United States that it intended to reassemble the nuclear plant' US' Somalia Policy Likely to Bring Blowback Pakistan protests to U.S. envoy over border raid' Zionism was there to transform the Bible from a spiritual text into a land registry.' Will Business Ever Take Human Rights Seriously?' Syria makes peace proposal to Israel' London brothels offer sex for 15GBP' Israel continues to be a favorite destination for the trafficking of women for the sex industry  also known as the white slave trade' Pakistan reacts with fury after up to 20 die in 'American' attack on its soil The Second Cold War and Corporate Security (Stratfor Report)' Analysis Increasingly, Hamas is gaining acceptance in the Arab world' U.S. general reassures Japan over nuclear carrier' Junkie elephant gets weaned off the smack after undergoing a detox programme' Fears for Ukraine as prowest coalition fails' Rallies in support of elections boycott held by Belarusian expat community' Pakistan ground assault marks new strategy' In Jordan, the honor killings that are not Women are murdered for other reasons, but when caught the guilty claim it is an honor killing to obtain lenient sentencing.' U.S. Navy Ship Arrives at Georgian Port Where Russia Has Troops  ' At least five people have been killed in another suspected US missile strike on militant targets in Pakistan's border region, Pakistani officials say. Polish prosecutors probe possible CIA jail | Reuters' Russian Lawmaker Says Moscow to Deploy Weapons Near Poland'  Petraeus says Qaeda still undefeated in Iraq' Stormhit Haitians starve on rooftops.' French Government to store personal information on people as young as 13' Among many bald statements, one stuck out Israel is now ready to destroy three or four nuclear sites out of 12 in Iran.' Euro Parliament ruling means Britons could be convicted in absence' Russian archaeologists find longlost Jewish capital.' Iran says again it has no plans to possess nuclear weapons' Syria Israel must respect '67 border CIA Prisons in Poland a Story of Revelation' Lavrov rejects Cheney's attack on Russia On Monday I received my Palestinian citizenship, on Tuesday I was already in an Israeli jail.' Taliban trophy photos horrify France' Free gas creates 'chaos'  an EA marketing ploy. I think they need to do it more France stunned at photos of Taliban fighters with 'trophies' taken from 10 French soldiers killed in Afghanistan Pakistan Parliament calls for action against future military incursions  repel such attacks in the future with full force.' NYC School Teacher Missingplease read and pass along!' 'Commandos nearly exposed in Syria' The number of girls in poor countries who marry before the age of 18 will double to 100 million in the next decade' Okay, so it looks like we're moving increasingly into WWIII territory, but does the worldnews subreddit logo have to imply that all world news is about war and violence?   Jim Crow alive and well in Hebron' Mexico Supreme Court orders WalMart to stop paying workers in store vouchers' Polish intelligence confirms secret CIA prison facility on Polish soil  BBC' Venezuela refuses renewed Drug War cooperation'  UN to demand Israel pay Lebanon $1 billion. Think they will pay?' The US military provided combat training to 80 Georgian special forces commandos only months prior to Georgias army assault in South Ossetia.' China's central bank has been on a buying binge in the United States over the last seven years  It is as if China has made a gift to the United States Navy of 200 brand new aircraft carriers.' U.K. Environment Minister describing climate change view as a hysterical psuedoreligion' UK antiterrorism laws used to spy on noisy children' For young Gazans, whats on satellite television and the Internet, on tapes and compact discs, is a window to the world beyond the armored checkpoints and a link to the West. ' Kremlinwatchers warn of direct U.S.Russia clash' Bhutto Widower Elected Pakistan's President Russia accuses West of warship provocation' War on Iran The Perfect Storm from Hell or Kiss your Ass Goodbye' US attack inside Pakistan threatens dangerous new war' Window on Eurasia Moscow Wins a Major Victory on Pipelines' Iran rejects French warning of Israeli strike risk'  Iran rejects French warning it risks Israeli strike' Australia's $1.2B Desalination Plant Nears Completion  Sudan army 'attacks Darfur towns' Chalabi uninjured in suicide car bomb attack on his convoy, 6 others killed' Russia angry at US ship, Cheney sees 'threat' from Moscow AFP Mexico drug plane used for US 'rendition' flights Woman locked in cabin for nine years' Call for lacks only' schools in the UK 6 exSoviet neighbors back Russia over Georgia' Israel PM Olmert Israel must prepare now for the evacuation of Israeli settlers from the West Bank.' Children as young as eight have been recruited by councils to snoop on their neighbours and report petty offences such as littering, the Daily Telegraph can disclose. ' Leading historian issues warning of a new cold war' Putin there are grounds to suspect that some people in the United States created this conflict deliberately' Pakistan Condemns U.S. Attack on Its Soil' Top EU trade official accused of leaking secrets to Chinese businessmen' MP calls for new Kelly death probe after MoS revelations cast doubt on whether he was able to kill himself  | Mail Online' Russian archaeologists find longlost Jewish capital' USA may have to turn keys to ISS over to Russians by 2012' Council use antiterror laws to spy on binmen accused of strawberry pop ribe'  Canada's PM dissolves Parliament, calls early elections Yet Another UK Data Loss Details on 5000 Justice System Employees lost July 2007, not reported for a whole Year' Poles call for referendum on U.S. missile base' Solar Trees Blend Art and Alternative Energy in Europe' Dick Cheney Another gem in the crown of irony' Terror groups developing 'dirty bom, say security chiefs Iran set to hold largescale war games with air defense drills' MP calls for new Dr. David Kelly death probe after latest revelations' Bad French prolongs RussiaGeorgia conflict' Israeli cabinet debates motion to limit Supreme Court's authority  Hurricane Ike sends folks packing' IRA intelligence passed to MI5' Egypt rock slide toll rises to 31, others buried' US suspends economic sanctions against Belarus' Nuclear Suppliers Group Backs U.S.India AtomicTrade Deal' A French judge has ordered two branches of Scientologists and their leaders to stand trial for fraud '  Russia in legal bid to ban South Park' '60 Minutes' Cut Ahmadinejad's Statement, 'Solution Is Democracy' in Israel/Palestine U.S. drones kill 13 in missile attack in Pakistan' Screw You, TSA No Conviction on Key Charges in LiquidBomb Trial in London' Scientology on trial for fraud in France!' An EU ban on ads with sexist overtones? Another quasifictional piece of translucent flimflam' Film Backs Afghans Claims of US Killings [of 90+ civilians]' Giant Buddha found at Afghan site.' After denying strenously the US reopens inquiry into Afghan attack that may have killed upto 90 civilians' Videos surface showing dead Afghan children after US raid, sparking a new investigation' Consortium of Media Execs to Canadian Green Party  You can't participate in debate because the other parties don't want you there.' Everything going wrong in the world .. in one convenient graphical display. ' Until yesterday the US military had insisted that only seven civilians were killed in Nawabad on the night of August 21  the actual number is closer to 92 (Vid)' Father rescues his toddler daughter after she is sucked down 150ft flooded drain.' Greenpeace Mexico Scores Big with Green Sex Guide' Afghanistan Civilian Deaths From Airstrikes on the Rise' Harrowing video film backs Afghan villagers' claims of carnage caused by US troops 1 in 4 'facing fuel poverty' Russian warships are headed to the Caribbean' Interrogating Human Rights and Climate Change' Revealed Shocking footage that could prove 90 Afghans  not seven  died in U.S. airstrike' The Afghan government, human rights officials, and a U.N. investigation back up the account of villagers who say 90 civilians were killed in a U.S. airstrike.' Germany Discovers a War in Afghanistan' Afghanistan  UN has video of U.S. airstrike aftermath' I love the world Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej was forced to resign after a court said he had violated the Constitution by hosting a cooking show. Seriously.' French revolt over Edvige Nicolas Sarkozy's Big Brother spy computer Terrorists Fail! Time to Carry Liquids on Planes  Virgin' If you think 9/11 was an inside job, you'll find company in Cairo. The Dalai Lama's brother has diedpretty interesting article North Korea's Kim Jong Il may have had a stroke, U.S. intelligence official says How the KGB (and friends) took over Russia's economy 80% of artists would get &lt;30/year from copyright extension' US officials think Kim Jong Il may be gravely ill' Church of Scientology faces fraud trial in France' Liquid Bomb Terror Plot Collapses In Court  None of suspects charged with headlinegrabbing plan to blow up airlines, alleged ringleader completely acquitted' Artist offends members of a faith Has forced himself into selfexile due to numerous legal cases against him. I wonder what country and religion that could be...' U.S. Backs Off Civilian Nuclear Pact With Russia  NYTimes.com' British park wardens ordered to stop and quiz adults spotted without children' How to Spot a Terrorist on the Fly  washingtonpost.com' 3 Accused U.K. Airline 'Liquid Bom Plotters Found Guilty First official sharia law court in Warwickshire (UK) operating for a year now. Still no stonings. Maybe Alternative Dispute Resolution isn't such a bad thing after all.' Abu Haris Al Qaeda chief in Pakistan killed by US missle strike' Ultimate Frisbee at the highest level You had no idea it was this freaking cool [video]' Scientology members to stand trial in French court' GAME OVER Russia starts diplomatic relations with South Ossetia and Abkhazia' George W. Bush plans to withdraw 4,000 troops from Iraq before the end of his presidency as the Pentagon starts to shift its focus to Afghanistan.' North Korean Leader Is Very Ill, may have had a stroke, American Official Says' AlQaida new tape blasts Iran for working with US' Russian troops to remain in Georgia 'for a long time' Dutch to ban burkas when picking children up from school' For 21 years a British man has refused to bury his sons body, claiming authorities coveredup the real cause of the child's death War Nerd  Ossetia all over but the whining' North Korean Leader Kim Jongil is Confirmed to be Ill' Polish PM Wants Child Abusers Castrated' Russian bombers land in Venezuela' Devastating Landslide Kills 56 in China' Iran demands UN investigate Israeli threats to kidnap Ahmadinejad' 2 Israeli Human Right Groups Israel is forcibly transfering Palestinians from West Bank to Gaza, splitting families, in violation of international law.' 125,000 Gorillas Find Haven in Mud Swamp But Still Face Extinction' Moroccan blogger insults King, King jails insulting blogger' Ralph Peters, the retired US army colonel whom you may know for his plans for redrawing the Middle East, now argues for funding muslim terrorists in Russia.' US 'not winning' in Afghanistan Earth Policy Institute Increasing Equality by Educating Every Child' Israel 'dividing up Palestinians' Iran Being Supported by Shell Oil, OMV and Many Others' Russia sends warplanes on Venezuela training mission' Satellite Images Reveal Exact Nature of Destruction in Georgia' Obama win preferred' Across Haiti, a Scene of Devastation' Google Satellites Aim to Bring HighSpeed Internet to All of Africa | 80beats | Discover Magazine' Hindus highlight plight of Roma people in Europe' Australia Criticized for Setting Weak Carbon Emission Goals' This is why the Taliban are pissed, and so would you be if this were you [video]' Islam in Europe Balkan youth' American intelligence confirms that the latest military actions in South Ossetia were started by Georgia and Russias position in the conflict was correct' The Russians are right! We're wrong! Georgia started it, the Russians ended it, Rep. Dana Rohrbacher, a California Republican, said' Russian bombers arrive in Venezuela for training' Bolivia asks U.S. ambassador to leave, protests mount'  Indian girl kills self over the Large Hadron Collider Big Bang fear' Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov has accused the United States of emboldening Georgia to start a war' Three dead in fight over size of genitals' Walmart Sets Up Unions for its Employees (in China)' Russian bombers fly to Venezuela' Two Russian bombers land in Venezuela' Satellite finds N. Korea missile site' Putin defends Georgia offensive' President Bush secretly approved orders in July that allow American Special Operations forces to carry out ground assaults inside Pakistan without the prior approval of the Pakistani government' Criminalizing Criticism of Islam  ' Most succinct story ever' Earth quakes of magnitude 6.9 hit Japan and Indonesia' Amid Growing Unrest, Bolivia Orders U.S. Ambassador to Leave' Official Bush ordered raids into Pakistan' After Spying Revelations, Arab Newspapers Say Bush' Deadly earthquake strikes Iran' Syria U.S. policy post 9/11 has increased terrorism' Russian nuclear battleships arrive in Venezuela for joint exercises' BREAKING Tsunami Alerts  Japan & Indonesia after 7.6 magnitued quakes' Elizabeth Smart Is Paranoid Kidnappers Will Come After Her Again' Earthquake Hits Iran's South, Measures 6.1 On The Richter Scale OPEC finished??  Saudi Arabia says 'LATER!' Putin may strip CNN of its Russian broadcasting rights' Putin on Georgia What did you want us to do? Wave our penknives in the air and wipe the bloody snot off our noses?' Chavez said the U.S. ambassador has 72 hours to leave Venezuela  That's enough *#@! from you, Yankees' 87 000 British tourists trapped abroad after UK tour operator collapses' 'Who the **** are you to lecture me?' Russian minister's extraordinary rant at Britain's FM President Hugo Chavez ordered the U.S. ambassador to leave Venezuela in 72 hours and said he was immediately withdrawing his ambassador from Washington. ' Russian Poll 84% Say Truth About 9/11 Being Deliberately Hidden '  Venezuela's Chavez expels U.S. ambassador Israeli Settlers have crossed red line (now attacking IDF)' Britain's new class structure wealth and power have been consolidated in a tiny new class at the top. We do not want people here who conspire against democracy, says Bolivian President ordering US Ambassador out  t ' War Is A Racket' Venezuela throws out US ambassador as tensions soar'  Hallucinogenic chocolates doom Berlin sweet shop' It is embarrassing to say, but we have a long history in this country of violent expansion and I think not only do most people in other countries [not] know this, most Americans don't know this.' Catholic priests accuse UK's Channel 4 of having a proMuslim bias Behind Chavez's AntiUS Rant Venezuela government insists it has proof of Bush Administration involvement in an alleged coup plot.  Venezuela has thrown out US ambassador and threatened to cut off oil supplies to US' End Of The World?  Large Hadron Collider Oct 21, 2008' Hurricane Ike Galveston Live Web Cams' US kicks out Venezuelan envoy in diplomatic clash.' Chavez Picks a Fight With U.S. Venezuela orders out the U.S. ambassador on the same day that it welcomes longrange Russian bombers for military exercises ' Chinese economists warn of the biggest adjustment in 30 years' holiday Firm Collapses, thousands stranded and more firms to follow ' Pakistan order to kill US invaders. Bush is starting another war before he leaves.' A series of titfortat expulsions has left the US without ambassadors in three Latin American countries' Pakistani Army Given Green Light to Retaliate Against U.S. Forces.' Five suspected bomb blasts have been reported within minutes of each other in markets in India's capital, Delhi. Pope condemns 'pagan' love of money, power, while riding in his $500,000 Pope mobile and giving orders to the largest religious org in the world. Invading Pakistan, Expanding the War' Mugabe finally cedes power. The deal to be signed on Monday in theory ends Mugabe's absolute rule over Zimbabwe $35 million dollars worth of Marijuana found and destroyed in Redwood National Park' Hallucinogenic chocolates doom Berlin sweet shop' US Missile Attack in Pakistan Kills 14  The strike, near the town of Miranshah, was the first since a recent surge in tension between Pakistan and the United States' The REAL Face of War  The images that the media won't show you. (graphic pic warning) Iranian Parliament Passes Death Penalty for Apostasy' New Delhi hit by serial blasts' Saudi OKs Killing Immoral TV Execs'  'One million homeless' in Haiti Bomb kills Afghan governor, 3 others' Australian minister resigns over seminaked dance, three days after being sworn in' Media guilty as fog of war clears in Caucasus' The United States on Friday imposed sanctions on Venezuelan officials it accused of helping Colombian rebels smuggle drugs' Hugo Chavez Rants Against Shithead Yankees' Pakistan army pledges to 'protect territorial integrity' from U.S. incursions EU plans cross border database of rogue motorists' Gunmen kill 4 Iraqi TV staff in Mosul | Reuters' Pakistan has ordered its jet fighters to confront any attack by the USled coalition forces' Palin Takes Hard Line on National Security, Softens Stance on Global Warming' Scottish activist films Israeli navy shooting at Gaza fishermen' The most senior judge in Saudi Arabia has said it is permissible to kill the owners of satellite TV channels which broadcast immoral programmes' There is no such organisation as Al Qaeda. The spooks know this, Cabinet Ministers know this and so do the security correspondents' About 60 countries get annual military aid from the United States, $4.5 billion a year, to help them buy American weapons' Chile's precocious teens cast aside sexual taboos Medvedev I dont want a militarised country sheltering behind an iron curtain. I lived in such a country and it was uninteresting and tedious.Russia has quite different values from the Soviet Union' Within a matter of days, events on the Afghan border seem to be creating a perfect storm of mistrust and conflict between the United States and Pakistan' Israeli settlers on a killing spree ... Israel does nothing to stop it, esp since its a common phenomenon,' Afghanistan U.S. killed 90 civilians after false tip' Intelligence officer claims CIA was complicit in torture in Uzbekistan' Germany Stern.de exposes CIA link to Islamic terror plot' Bolivia Paramilitary Death Squadrons Kill Men, Women and Children' Plane Crashes in Russia with 87 on Board' Belfast child to end police Taser use in the UK?' 20 police officers have just been shot dead in Ashkhabad, Turkmenistan...' Israeli Gov't might actually kick out Jewish settlers Saakashvili had long planned a military strike to seize back the breakaway region of South Ossetia but executed it poorly, making it easy for Russia to retaliate, his former defence minister said.' Iran American investors can invest in all areas of our country' China 432 babies now sick from tainted milk' Islamic sharia courts in Britain are now 'legally binding' Muslim preacher  Have more babies and Muslims can take over the UK' Bolivian government confirms 16 deaths in regional rebellion ' Risking Armageddon for cash' The New Audi Q7 V12 TDI is set to Launch [Pics]' Those who argue that the West should be bolder in its response to a newly assertive Russia are trying to use their memories of the past' Did Saakashvili Lie? The West Begins to Doubt Georgian Leader' Indian Newspapers after Terrorist Attack on Delhi ..some of the liberties that we take for granted might have to be curbed to ensure that terrorists are effectively restrained,' EU Stocks plunge!' Israel raid 'could be war crime' Venezuela Joins Bolivia in Expelling U.S. Ambassador  washingtonpost.com' US Killed Civilians in Afghanistan After a False Tip From a Rival Tribe' BBC News Declining due to Mistreating of Stringers' If there's no such thing as Al Qaeda, how do you explain this? U.S. Selling BunkerBusting Smart Bombs to Israel . . . Hmmmm' Pakistan soldiers 'confront US' A Global Poll Shows That Only 53 Percent Of Americans Are Opposed To Torture (In Between Azerbaijan at 54% and Russia at 49%)' Portal song with typography' Russian Television Broadcasted a 9/11 Truth Documentary To 30 million People' Europe Shuns U.S.Style `Active Role' in Boosting Economy, Bank Bailouts Nigeria militants warn of oil war ' Telling Georgia to keep attacking Russia is like telling a 98pound weakling to rematch with the hulking thug who just put him on the floor.' Israeli security forces black performer to dance to prove his identity' Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed a historic powersharing deal with his longtime rival, opposition leader, Morgan Tsvangirai. North Korean leader Kim JongIl, who is reportedly recovering from a stroke, began losing consciousness at work in April and could not properly govern as his health worsened' Burma Doctor met Aung San Suu Kyi, but refused to gave details on her healh' Canadian destroyer helps save Italian freighter from Somali pirates' World Bank poverty statistics questioned, additional 400 million people acknowledged living in poverty' Islamic Terrorists in Australia Guilty verdicts in terror trial' Minister 'set to quit' over Brown Bono  retire from public life and we'll donate a ton of money to fight AIDS Pakistani Tribesmen Representing Half A Million People Vowed To Switch Sides & Join the Taliban If Americans Don't Stop Raids into Pakistan Italy Berlusconi government seeks to rehabilitate fascism' A chemical blamed for killing two infants in China has been found in 69 brands of baby milk powder nationwide, state television said on Tuesday, in a potential dramatic escalation of the scandal' Pakistan Orders Troops to Open Fire on U.S. Forces to Stop Raids' Aquaflow Strikes Oil with Green Crude from Algae' Afghan civilian casualties soar. The UN says that from January to August 1,445 civilians were killed  a rise of 39% on the same period last year. ' Pakistan orders troops to open fire if US launches air or ground raid across Afghan border' Suicide bombing kills 22 in Iraq' South Ossetia says finds 500 of 1,600 civilian dead | International | Reuters' Canadians among happiest in world' Goths arrested on suspicion of murdering and eating teenagers in Satanic ritual' On the Day Pakistani Military Promised to Respond to US attacks, Pakistan Closed Torkham Border Crossing (Khyber Pass), Which is the Route for  70% of NATO Supplies.' Genetically engineered Merck Cancer Vaccine Made Mandatory For Immigrants Controversial shot now required if you want to live the American dream ' Russia's Medvedev Attack on Iran will endanger entire world Nigeria militants 'raze' Shell oil complex  Chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, Admiral Michael Mullen, makes unannounced visit to Pakistan' Intelligence officer claims CIA was complicit in torture in Uzbekistan' Pakistan Allegedly Fires Warning Shots at US Troops' Remember the McDonalds theory of war?  The Russia vs Georgia war has conclusively disproved it.' Petraeus leaves Iraq, Odierno takes command. You've done a heckofa job, Davie. Witchcraft ISN'T REAL Deadly Congo soccer riot sparked by witchcraft rumor Thousands flee heavy Darfur fighting' Many more U.S. troops needed in Afghan war general (We're in a pretty tough fight here ... and I think we're going to be here for a while....)' A fatwa against Mickey Mouse' Mideast leaders to meet amid doubts of a deal' Attack on US embassy in Yemen leaves 16 dead' 100 groups demand to see secret anticounterfeiting treaty'  Suspected U.S. missiles hit Pakistani village' Zimbabwe Loaf of bread now costs $10 trillion' Russian stock exchanges halt trades, drop 60% since May' Government drug advisers begin review of ecstasy's class A status Blasts, gunfire near U.S. Embassy in Yemen' Yesterday  US Military leaders tell Pakistan we respect their soverignity.  A few hours ago  Suspected US missile strike kills 6 in Pakistan ' 'Japan's Hillary' makes bid for prime minister  Confidential data on millions of Norwegians sent to media by mistake.' We must find who did this and punish them!!!' Suspected US missile strike kills 6 in Pakistan' Fast Lane to the Future A new superhighway linking its four major cities is bringing old and new India into jarring proximity.' Arctic ice begins regrowth' Opportunity knocks in Canada for U.S. immigrants'  Thaksin's brotherinlaw is elected as Thai prime minister 1st anniversary of the beginning of the Saffron Revolution' Russian stock market falls 17%' Car bombs at U.S. embassy in Yemen kill 16' CIA Bin Laden doesn't oversee daytoday al Qaeda operations  WTF? Six Brazilian politicians legally change their names to Barack Obama' Tony Blair to appear on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart' At least 100 rapes in Karachi,Pakistan a day' US footage of attack that killed Pakistani soldiers' Potential HBOS Lloyds merger ad news for consumers' 6,200 babies sick Milk scandal spreading ' Afghan farmers are pulling up poppies for wheat' Venezuela Says U.S. Uses AntiDrug List as Weapon of Domination' 6 more people die in another US missile strike in Pakistan' U.S. may use Georgian air bases to strike at Iran' Russia may sell more air defense systems to Iran' Russian President Threatens Arctic Annexation' China accuses US of financial Weapon of Mass Destruction' Terror on the high seas the brutal return of piracy' Israel Takes Step Toward Electing Woman PM, Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni Wins Kadima Party Primary; In Good Position To Become First Female Leader In 34 Years' Bush U.S. Embassy attack a reminder nation 'at war'.  Does anybody still listen to this guy? China Blames US for Tainted Dairy Products, 100 children Sick' In a world first, women in the majority in Rwanda legislature' Blogger Posts Malaysian Flag Upside Down; Arrested For Sedition' How the economy tanked for dummies' Iraqis kills 3 contractors, city Fallujah is razed. U.S. soldier kills 4 bounded Iraqs, gets 7 months.' CIA Chief Speaks of Trying to Provoke Terrorists as Latest Drone Strike Kills Seven in South Waziristan' German Authorities Wiretap Skype, Raid Homes of Whistleblowers.' In Yemen, a Planned Massacre of Americans Is Averted' Livni sweeps Kadima race; Olmert pledges cooperation ' Rising prices tip another 75 million towards starvation' Sri Lanka's navy says it has fought a sea battle with Tamil rebels, a day after what the military described as the heaviest day of fighting in weeks. official poverty rates of 51.8% in Gaza and 19.1% in the West Bank soar to 79.4% and 45.7%' India deploys planes with Nuclear Capability in Kashmir ' Tariq Ali Has the U.S. Invasion of Pakistan Begun?' Brits take a stand  ban shortselling of financial stocks' Scientology could be banned in France if they lose fraud lawsuit. ' Spain's media in uproar over McCain's comments regarding Prime Minister Zapatero Arabs across the ideological spectrum are denouncing cleric's fatwa on 'immoral' TV  Bitter Asians wag the finger at U.S. bank bailouts' Rome's Ban On Skimpy Clothing Leads Prostitutes To Dress As Nuns UCLA study of satellite imagery casts doubt on surge's success in Baghdad China Blames Wall Street Meltdown On Federal Reserve Overissuance Of Currency ' Unknown piece of music by Mozart found in France' Interesting Places Shibam Manhattan of the Desert [pics]' UK Teenager sentenced to jail for two years for downloading a guide to making naplam' Why are people worried about short selling (Alex, financial cartoon)' US air raid kills Iraq civilians' Russian minister says war with the United States not possible' North Korea Preparing to Restart Nuclear Facility' America continues to lose world influence as Russia sells weapons to Iran and  Venezuela' Rice says U.S. will resist Russian moves against its neighbors' 14 men rob a coca cola factory  shoot out with security  wtf!! ' South Ossetia information warfare, two sides presented in one talk show' North Korea preparing to restart nuclear reactor'  Venezuela expels U.S. rights group for criticism' Chavez expells Human Rights Watch from Venezuela for criticizing govt.' Euthanasia advocate takes her own life.' The complete list of the world's billionaires Swaziland's HIV/AIDS treatment crisis goes critical On This Day Witold Pilecki Allows Himself to be Captured by the Nazis' While claiming to be nonpartisan and not for profit MEMRI uses US tax payer money to mistranslate Arab news media to further a proIsrael agenda' Suicide bomb explodes outside Islamabad hotel   many dead' Protest turns violent as thousands of Germans take to the streets to counter antiIslamic rightwing demonstration' Pakistan in sovereignty warning Pakistani President Asif said he will not allow Pakistan's territory to be violated by terrorists or foreign powers fighting th Why is a massive terrorist attack on Pakistan, blasting a huge crater in the earth and rocking buildings up to two miles away, *not* the biggest story on reddit?' Breaking News South African President Mbeki to quit' Russia, France put aside Georgia war differences. The US Snarls.' India's moon mission unveiled Repression of religious freedom in some parts of China has intensified over the past year, the US government says.' Deadly blast targets Marriott Hotel in Islamabad' China's tainted milk scandal has worsened, with tests now showing liquid milk is also affected Three year cover up in China milk scandal ' How the woman set to be Israels new Prime Minister was an agent  in an elite spy unit'  A terrorist being questioned' Apocalypse Now? New world order could have devastating implications for Western nations' Pakistan Warns Against Violation of Sovereignty' Russia to build space launch site in Cuba' Bill Maher Video Replaces Top Iraqi Ayatollah's Website In Hacking Stunt [video] (UK) Man Praises Qur'an, Stabs Woman in Head with Screwdriver Hadron Collider forced to halt ' Bomb Explodes at Hotel in Pakistans Capital, Killing at Least 40' Mexico plans antikidnap police' Big bailout Where things stand ' A Closer Look at Recent Violence in Bolivia' US marines were seen transporting metal crates inside the Marriot Hotel the day before, security personnel was not allowed to know for what purpose' Czech Republic's ambassador is among those killed in Pakistan Marriot Hotel attack Quebec Man Changes Name To Avoid NoFly List' For the past month, the risk of a war between the United States and Pakistan has quietly grown.' Israel troops kill 14yo near settlement ' The U.S. Army has just awarded a $4 million contract to begin developing thought helmets that would harness silent brain waves for secure communication among troops.' Massive suicide bombing at Mariott hotel in Islamabad, Pakistan. They used a bomb filled truck and rammed it into the building. ' Church of England admits by getting our first reaction (to Darwin's Theory of Evolution) wrong, encouraging others to misunderstand still.' Explosion in Pakistan causes 33 foot deep crater' Terror chief tipped to head MI6' UK Police Federation set to demand right to strike' 15 killed, 30 injured attempting to steal fuel from train in India ' Chavez says Latin America needs Russia' South African President Mbeki formally resigns' Warning in Israel & Palestine  We must be ready to use force against Hamas to take control of Gaza' Could this be the world's largest diamond? Huge uncut gem discovered in African mine Israeli PM Olmert declares intent to resign  CNN.com'  Scandalhit Olmert to resign formally Sunday' REPOSSESSED? Millionaire spooked from mansion'  Rescuers comb Pakistan bomb hotel' Diplomats Syria passes 1st test of nuclear probe' Man lives for ten months without cash' Explosion At Pakistan Marriott Hotel Kills at least 40.' Ebay warning ahead of AllIreland' Pakistani president tells foreign troops to keep out' Russian navy sails to Venezuela ' Oil prices shoot up over $25 a barrel  the biggest 1day rise ever  as anxiety over US bailout weighs on dollar ' Russia has successfully fired a new intercontinental ballistic missile. The Bulava missile has a range of 10,000 kilometers and can carry six individually targeted nuclear warheads.' Pakistan's top leaders were to have been in the Islamabad Marriott hotel when it was bombed  but changed venue at the last minute After a 20 year ban, Italy's Prime Minister has vowed to return nuclear power to the country Nearly 53,000 Chinese children sick from milk  Yahoo! News' Mariam Ayyad, 57, attempted to block Israeli soldiers from arresting university students in her building ... was beaten and pushed and she fell down the stairs.' Sex with trafficked women to be criminalised' That Syrian Nuclear Facility that Israel bombed last year?  The IAEA found no trace of radiation nor graphite in the remains.' Another 'W'  Foreign Policy Failure  Russia and Venezuela to Conduct Joint Naval Excercises in Caribbean  Iraqi Lawmaker Faces Prosecution For Visiting Israel, Advocating Peace' Pakistani troops fire on invading U.S. choppers' Pakistan troops 'repel US raid' Breaking Pakistani Troops, Tribesmen Fire On US Helicopters' Pakistani forces fire at US choppers officials. The incident happened late on Sunday near Lwara Mundi village in the North Waziristan district' All We are Saying is GIve Peace a Chance  UN 'Guns Fall Silent' in Afghanistan on Peace Day Dig pinpoints Stonehenge origins' Almost 13,000 Chinese children sickened by tainted milk ' Pakistan's rulers were supposed to be in Hotele during bomb attack  Turkey scared to admit Armenian genocide, says historian' Change in dinner plans saved Pakistan's rulers from hotel bomb attack Pakistani troops fire on intruding U.S. choppers' Heads are starting to role in China as the tainted diary products scandal deepens. ' Russian ambassador Czechs selling security for radar' Merchant of Death appears in Thai court, no it's not Nic Cage $US 13 billion of the money allocated for reconstruction projects in Iraq was wasted or stolen, with some of it ending up in alQaedas coffers' [Breaking] 'Shooting' at school in Finland Noida CEO beaten to death by sacked employees' Japan starts work on $9B 'space elevator' to replace rockets  Venezuela Welcomes Russian Warships and Chinese Fighter Jets' Scenes from India (pics)' Methane 'escaping' from Arctic sea bed 22 year old story, submitted as news, reaches reddit's front page.  'Grim' Afghanistan Report To Be Kept Secret by US  Colin Powell On Russia/Georgia Conflict Georgia Started It' School shooting in finland' Millions of tonnes of methane, bubbling to surface of Arctic sea, could accelerate global warming' Critics Question Ability Of Missile Defense System' Iran president blames Wall Street turmoil on U.S. 'military engagement' Irans President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the US military intervention abroad is partly to blame for the economic turmoil on Wall Street.' Sarkozy calls for those behind the market crisis to be punished' Russia engages in 'gangland' diplomacy as it sends warship to the Caribbean EU patent office on strike 'the organisation is decentralising and focusing on granting as many patents as possible to gain financially from fees generated.' Mystery surrounds hijacked Iranian ship'  U.S.led wars behind Wall Street crisis Ahmadinejad' Pakistan blames US raids for hotel bombing' Double Darwin Award? A couple having sex on a railway track have been killed by a train' Tourists Taken Hostage in Egypt  Relocated to Sudan' Bush, Ahmadinejad To Speak At UN ' Workers Allegedly Beat CEO To Death In India' Iran leader says 'American empire' near collapse Global corruption index Somalia most, Denmark least corrupt country' All Systems Go for China's Manned Space Launch The wreckage of a suspected US spy plane has been found near the Afghan border by the Pakistani army, but it has denied claims it was shot down' Children are targets of Nigerian witch hunt | Children and babies branded as evil are being abused, abandoned and even murdered while the (Christian Evangelical) preachers make money out of the fear' N Korea nuclear seals 'removed'  North Korea expels IAEA monitors from atom bomb plant' Amid milk scare, China's elite get special food Aid groups Tony Blair faces imminent failure in Middle East ' Iran's Ahmadinejad US 'empire' nears collapse Pakistanis shoot down suspected U.S. military drone' English Tutor flees the country after swindling 5 billion.' .S. navy tanker under apparent pirate attack off Somalia ' Hurricanes Shift Debate On Embargo Against Cuba ' Soldiers accidentally kill Sunni leader in Iraq' Astronomers detect an interplanetary collision. Worldnews?' Fears grow in Lebanon as 10,000 Syrian troops arrive on the border' They further stated that from here on the IAEA inspectors will have no further access to the reprocessing plant.' Admiral Mullen Pleads For Cooperation With Russia' Russia Refuses To Meet With U.S. on Iranian Nuclear Program' Krugman on the bailout All the signs I look at, declared Paulson in April 2007, show the housing market is at or near a bottom. Umm, yeah, and we should trust your judgment now?' Pittsburgh students cannot get less than 50% in assignments, tests and other work.' Four fallacies about the RussoGeorgian conflict' Georgia's president announces government overhaul Does the Cold War Have Lessons for Today?' Russian woman caught redhanded drinking orange juice in Dubai' Russia to loan Chavez $US 1 billion  to buy arms' Henry Rollins in Israel. Your kids will inherit the war you did not stop. Amazing video.' Stopping a Financial Crisis, the Swedish Way' Pakistani troops fire at US helicopters on border' Ahmadinejad 'American Empire' Nearing its End Internet will run out of IP addresses by 2010, warns Vint Cerf' Pakistan 'fires on Nato aircraft'  Zardari Says U.S. Raids Harm Pakistan's AntiExtremist Campaign    US finds emboldened Russia holding the cards' Venezuela Enchilada of Evil' Green Knives Bide Their Time For Gordon Brown  Red, Green, and Blue' N.Korea ousts U.N. monitors, to restart atom bomb plant ' Iraq passes election laws that US and Iraq officials call crucial for the nation to heal its political and religious fissures.' Fred Reed throws his hat in the presidential ring' Senior White House officials were central in discussions on using harsh interrogation techniques' Shots fired in USPakistan clash' The suspense is killing me' Carla BruniSarkozy in New York  ' A McCainPalin ad claims Obama has been mum on the economic crisis. That's false.' Finnish gunman burnt bodies after massacre' Bistros going out of business as French diners stay home or turn to fast food' Venezuela's Chavez sees America as a 'sinking ship' Indonesia cleaning up corruption' Do you drink enough water? ' Japanese space tourist paid Space Adventures $21M to go to the ISS. They bumped him, sent one of their investors instead, and kept his money' France's top diplomat said Thursday that many European nations have decided to wait out the Bush administration Xinhua Runs Spacewalk Story Before Astronauts Leave Earth' Somali pirates 'seize 30 tanks'...where are the ninjas when you need them? New Coup D'Etat Rumblings in Venezuela The Swedish government says it is proposing measures to soften an eavesdropping law after widespread public protests' Pakistan 'kills 1,000 militants' BBCNews US military says its troops have exchanged gunfire with Pakistani forces across the border with Afghanistan. ' 1st anniversary of Burma's bloody Saffron Revolution Jewish extremists suspected in attack on Israeli peace activist' BBC World leaders and philanthropists pledge nearly $3 billion to fight malaria' Gay leader assassinated in Baghdad. Militia run Islamic courts sentencing gays to death.' 90 School Children Abducted by Uganda Rebel, LRA' Over half of Europe's amphibians face extinction by 2050 | Environment | The Guardian Carbon dioxide emissions in '07 outpaced researchers' most dire projections Pakistani and American Troops Exchange Fire' Iran Sinking as Groundwater Resources Disappear' Russia to ban Simpsons and South Park' Tehran  A tale of two cities?' 2 Terrorism Suspects Arrested on KLM Flight' Fusionman crosses the English Channel using his jet wing! [article and vid]' Pakistan warned US troops not to intrude on its territory Friday, after the two antiterror allies traded fire along the volatile border with Afghanistan' China's astronauts in orbit, prepare for spacewalk Government questionnaires stir unease about ethnic cleansing in a Baghdad enclave' Harper Hunt' Venezuela and China Sign a New Oil Deal' India 13 yearold boy attempts to return a bag. The bag was the bomb. Terror strikes Delhi again, on Saturday.' Iraqi progress Baghdad's best medical facility cannot even keep their elevators operating Democracy Now Ahmadinejad Interview Part 1' IAEA's Syrian Contact Assassinated, Stalling Nuclear Probe Canadian Pol Dumps Candidate Over 9/11 Remarks ' End of road for driver with $1.9 million in fines' China, Pakistan to further enhance military ties' International Criminal Court's chief prosecutor will continue to push for Sudan's leader to be charged with war crimes the attack Thursday evening on the Faina, a Ukrainian vessel bringing military equipment to Kenya, has provoked the wrath of two of the most powerful militaries on the planet' Russia Aims to Upgrade Nuclear Arsenal' Finnish ISP thinks W3C.org is a childporn site' Global Warming Pollution Increases 3 Percent Chinese Greenhouse Gas Pollution Largely Responsible for Bringing CO2 Emissions to Record High' 'Holy' Airliner Hijacking Thwarted in the Netherlands Director of a British company who bribed a Ugandan official escapes jail | World news | The Guardian' Sir Alex Fergusan Berbatov can bring us the title' Iraq Signs Billion Dollar Power Deals with GE, Siemens' NKorea may already have nuclear warheads exCIA official' Paul Newman Dead' Zimbabwe's food crisis is escalating Bush says bailout will be passed' British Army Demands the Right to be British Race Gestapo Upset ' From 'straight talk' to smear campaign... The Straight Talk Express has taken a nasty turn into the gutter Pictured How China gets its troops to stand to attention  pins in their collars and crosses on their backs' In other elections ... honestly I didn't know whether to put this in the  World News, Funny or WTF reddit Muslim said he is suing Supermarket giant Tesco for religious discrimination because he was asked to handle crates of alcohol in a warehouse.' PETER HITCHENS How China has created a new slave empire in Africa' German leader warns U.S. superpower era is over' How China has created a new slave empire in Africa' Americans deploy advanced radar system to Israel' Report Taliban, Afghans in secret peace talks' Russia has called for a revival of the global antiterrorism coalition that formed after Sept. 11, 2001' The Banker Suicides Have Begun' Austrian voters support party that wants to bring back Nazi symbols' Now Brits could be forced to apply for a visa before travelling to America' Top Afghan policewoman shot dead' China's State News Agency Publishes Article Describing The Taikonauts First Night In Space Before They Had Even Left Earth And Blame It On A Technical Error' Official Story Of Pakistan Truck Bombing Is A Lie' Blast in Delhi again, two killed' Austrian Elections The Populist and His Protg' Lawyers for China milk victims pressed to quit' Sunni cleric Yusuf Qaradawi calls Shiites heretics trying to invade Sunni nations, tapping into antiIran anxieties. Shiites express dismay at the remarks amid Iraq war and efforts to forge unity.' Violence Increases as Settlers Begin Challenging Israel' Revealed secret Taliban peace bid' China's TaintedMilk Crisis Grows Despite Official Claims   Confusion looms over ownership of seized Ukrainian military cargo ' Islamist plunder weapons from hijacked ship in Somalia' Chavez says crisishit U.S. needs new constitution' Darren Meade, is Being the Change he Wants to See in the World.' Credit crunch banker leaps to his death in front of express train' The Power Of Nightmares  BBC (Part 1)' Japan makes cars. Saudi Arabia pumps oil. China supplies socks and flatscreen TVs. What's America's No.1 export? Debt Chinese officials called it a separatist attack; new photos show Chinese officers attacking other Chinese officers.. with machetes' Huge European bank and iinsurance giant fails  bailout of 11.2 billion euro ($16.4 billion) by 3 separate gov'ts 111yearold woman murdered after being accused of witchcraft. Belief in witchcraft is NOT just a harmless quirk.' British children as young as nine are being forced into marriage by their families' nucking futs... Israeli settlers threaten to kill British film crew, curse Jesus  Video of an Israeli settler threatening a British film crew. ' Sniper shoots dead a prisoner INSIDE French jail before he could be quizzed by police over a murder' Al Qaeda  the Database' Extreme right emerges as strong force in Austria' The Taliban have been engaged in secret talks about ending the conflict in Afghanistan in a wideranging 'peace process' sponsored by Saudi Arabia and supported by Britain' Hurricane hits canada.' New Security Organization Will Try to Prevent Nuclear Theft' Olmert Israel Needs to Leave West Bank' Chavez says Venezuela will develop nuclear power' PostRamadan crowd greeted with bombs of the car, suicide variety' Militias Assassinate Gay Iraqi Leaders'  Japan transport minister quits over gaffes' Venezuela wants to work with Russia on nuclear energy Chavez ' Aspiring chef dies hours after making ultrahot sauce for chillieating contest' American pressure on the GulfStates to save Wall Street' Powerful earthquake reported north of New Zealand' LTTE has launched a nervegas attack against SriLankan troops' China running out of IP addresses ' EU bans food imports from China' Gorbachev forms new Russian party opposing Putin' Ahmadinijad's willingness to accept Israel  why do we always here the other side of the story? Olmert Says Israel Must Withdraw From 'Almost All' of Occupied Territories Mexican Violence Forcing Families to Migrate Extreme poverty isn't the only reason people are fleeing Mexico these days America Loses Its Dominant Economic Role' French Muslims Find Haven in Catholic Schools ' Meanwhile There's A War Going On... Remember Iraq? Scores die in India temple crush' REAL Somalian pirate story, ship was not iranian, but ukranian, and was not carrying WMD's Venezuela to build nuclear technology with Russia ' Bus collides with milk tanker, 35 dead in Pakistan ' Moscow already has a Trophy Museum of the Georgian War' A stampede at a hilltop temple in western India killed more than 147 people and wounded 55 others who had gathered to celebrate the start of a religious holiday.' 197 dead in temple stampede in India' ZIMBABWE Farm animals bartered to stave off hunger' Pakistani Refugees Pour Into Afghanistan' Pakistan's Taliban chief possibly dead from kidney failure. Good News Gurkhas win right to stay in UK ' Petraeus Pakistan Facing Existential Threat' Nearly 150 Die in India Temple Stampede' Rich Flanders seeks more autonomy' Chinesemade cookies with elevated levels of melamine found in the Netherlands' China is Trying a Policy of Engagement with Rogue America, to Help Moderate U.S. Behavior' Olmert disavows Greater Israel' Voters in Ecuador Approve New Constitution'