 Spaniards grateful to Bill O'Reilly for promising not to visit Spain anymore. 'Settlers' assault 14year old on his familys land and kidnap him, Then they told me to run in front of them to the settlement. I ran and they followed me on their motorcycles. One of them kept hitting me in the foot. I cried the whole way' Man Dies After Collapsing at G20 Protest in London, police trying to help the man are getting bottles thrown at them.' Sweden votes in favor of legalizing gay marriage' Axwielding Palestinian militant kills 13yearold Israeli in the West Bank' G20 Protesters Gone Wild  Thousands clash with police, shout Abolish money!, break into Bank of Scotland [PICS]' Lieberman, questioned by police for at least seven hours over corruption allegations' Privacy Not a Human Right?  Sweden's Piracy Law Violates Human Rights It's official An embryo is not only as valued as a human, it's worth MORE than the life of a 9year old girl. So sayeth the (Catholic) Lord. G20 to give $1 TRILLION to IMF, World Bank' Oppression and poverty push Shiite leaders in Saudi Arabia to threaten  secession of the Eastern Province  ' FBI called in over Wolverine leak on the we This is the only reason we are not seeing food lines like in the great depression, they did not have food stamps or welfare' Should Israel Be Boycotted?' Social Media Madness (featuring Zaibatsu)' Police Lob Teargas at Hundreds of NATO Protesters' Islamic Jihad kills Israeli child in West Bank' Riot police used tear gas and rubber bullets to beat back a crowd of several hundred antiNATO protesters in Strasbourg on Thursday' The single best argument against Israel? Maps...' Amnesty International is accusing the French authorities of failing to investigate alleged violence by security forces.' Uri Avnery Israel's Deception Tango Israeli terrorist fires rubber bullet at handcuffed, blindfolded Palestinian [video]' China restricts online video after YouTube police beating Tibetan' Sweden passes samesex marriage law |  CNN.com' 13YearOld Boy Axed to Death in Israeli Settlement' Newspaper in Mideastern nation photoshops women out of photograph of government cabinet' People thinking about embarking on demonstrations in the future may have to decide whether they want to be effectively locked up for eight hours without food or water and, when leaving, to be photographed and identified.' Did the handling of the G20 protests reveal the future of policing?' New foreign minister of Israel, Avigdor Lieberman, and his threats to wipe off the map Egypt and Palestine' A video of the first known public flogging of a woman in Swat has outraged Pakistanis and raised questions once again about the governments decision to enter into a peace deal in February that effectively ceded Swat to the Taliban and allowed them to impose Islamic law.' Mayans We're Not Leaving Even If We Have To Die Israel is feeling the heat from boycotts' First test of Netanyahu's influence on Obama administration. Will the US give a visa to Mossad director implicated by FBI in espionage on US. Orthodox paper photoshops women out of Israeli cabinet' Police have been ordered to release footage of the July 7 bombers after a threeyear freedom of information battle.' Is it the beginning of a new world economic order? ' UN appoints Jewish Judge to head  Gaza warcrimes team ' Bangladesh bans beggars' I shouted after her but she is a bit deaf. I couldn't chase her as I've had a triple heart bypass. South Africa's ruling ANC party has condemned Archbishop Desmond Tutu's criticism of the organisation, describing it as sacrilege.' The Arabs of Palestine  an article from 1961' Critics assail Afghan law that 'legalizes rape' Two people were killed and eight wounded late on Friday when a bomb exploded outside a restaurant in the troubled southern Philippines, police said.' Army lied about how my son died in Iraq Friendlyfire victim was 'misidentified' as enemy gunman No one gave any credence to the possibility of such a huge political plan, because... there had never been a forced displacement of an entire nationality. But as we will unfortunately see, that which had seemed impossible to everyone at that time... became possible during the world war.' Italian 'Apartheidus service to be launched Everything you need to know about the G20 deal' Children aren't pets  Malawi court rejects Madonna adoption bid UN judge to investigate alleged Israeli war crimes in Gaza' Joe Klein Netanyahu Unhinged' Video of screaming woman being flogged shakes Pakistan as officials yield to Taliban' How did so many millions of decent Canadians come to be ruled by such a weird government' Outcry in Pakistan after video of a 17yrold girl's flogging by the Taliban is shown on TV Israeli settlers take over Palestinian residence in Jerusalems old city' So which country doctors cabinet images to remove females from it? No not Pakistan or the Saudi's, yes, Israel.... US blocks extradition of war crimes suspect (concentration camp guard) to Germany for prosecution' The Trillion Dollar Ad Campaign AntiMugabe Forces In Zimbabwe Are Using Worthless Currency To Protest Against Dictatorship [pics]' BBC released Gaza death toll long time ago1,300 Gazans were killed, about a third of them civilians meaning all Palestinian males are not counted as civilians ... Impartiality indeed!' A year ago he was Russia's richest oligarch. Now he's a warning to the others. China keeps getting dinged for poor health & safety management. Mutants keep showing up on farms. Coincidence?' Wife of Guatemalan Human Rights Officer kidnapped and tortured  action alert' Danish Prime Minister appointed as the next Secretary General of NATO' Isn't he like Dumb and Dumber ? So stupid it's ridiculous.'  Israels pious press blots out female ministers...WTF is it about the poonanny that makes the religiously afflicted want to cover it up, photoshop it out of existance, cover it up in a Burka, dress it up in nonrevealing pastel colors...whats up?  Antiwar Newswire ' NWFP govt, Taliban term video release conspiracy...sounds not unlike other constant complainers in the region...to these people, exposing the truth is a conscious conspiracy.' Danish PM to head Nato' Pakistani Taliban chief claims U.S. shooting' fixed wing airborne magnetic and radiometric geophysical survey commissioned by the Company over the Cerro Solo claim block has yielded an interpretive map showing locations of surface uranium anomalies and subsurface faults. Cerro Solo is located in southern Argentina within the Province of Chubut.' the worst case of human trafficking i've ever read...100 locked in an airtight container...43 of them died from suffocation Need help  Of news sources available online, what are your top 3?' Tragedy hits Zimbabwe's prime minister anew with death of grandson Israel Anticipated a Stronger Hamas in Gaza War' Mumbai attacker Kasab shifted to bombproof prison cell' China Is Gearing Up For A Summer Of Discontent' Reading this story will restrict your freedom to blog' Obama to call for elimination of all nuclear weapons in the world.' President will be able to shut down the internet  No President should have this power' Police 'assaultedystander who died during G20 protests Danish cartoonist who drew Muhammad in 2006 comes out of hiding' North Korea 'has launched rocket' Mexican President US authorities 'complicit' in drug trafficking  Tsvangirai grandson dies in pool, this man can't catch a break ( Six gay men shot to death in Iraq' British complicity in rendition and torture predates 9/11' In a country with appetites for strange foods like cats, dogs, turtles, etc., maybe it's not such a good idea to start a headline with Chinese hunger for sons' Why family planning must become a global priority' Afghanistan reviews its marital rape law under international pressure.' Yeah, I think we get it North Korea launched a missle.' To the shock of no one, North Korean rocket 'failed to send satellite into space' Japanese media reports that North Korea raunched a locket.' Blair steps up fight to be crowned first 'President of EU'  Europe, World  The Independent Berlusconi  as understated as Elvis | FaceJolt' Possible response to N. Korean missile launch' A Thai citizen has been sentenced to 10 years in jail for violating strict laws against insulting the monarchy.' Obama to call for nuclearfree world' N. Korea defiantly launches rocket over Pacific  USATODAY.com' LiveLeak.com  (documentary) Welcome to North Korea (2003) (Part 1/2)' Economic Nationalism is Complicating the Crisis.' Hey, Check Out the Genocide Going on in Darfur' Monaco hunts for dictators stashes ' Dubai How Not to Build a City' Scientology being sued over human trafficking and coerced abortions' Italy muzzled scientist who foresaw quake ' Former US diplomat exposes Israeli assasinations of US officials' Dark side of the Dubai dream' Riot Cops Killed Newspaper Seller At G20  Multiple eyewitnesses say man was attacked after media initially reported death was accidental' Israeli police to charge FM Lieberman on money laundering, bribery, fraud and breach of trust' Telling the truth about the Armenian genocide.  By Christopher Hitchens' Israeli and Palestinian human rights groups said Monday they have collected evidence that Israeli troops attacked Palestinian medical workers and delayed the evacuation of wounded people during the recent offensive in Gaza.' At least 90 dead and over 30,000 people lost their homes in an earthquake in Italy' Strong 6.3 earthquake rocks central Italy' Criminal charges against Jacob Zuma  the man almost certain to become South Africas president  were withdrawn by prosecutors today. Hundreds of A.N.C. members began celebrating in downtown Johannesburg, dancing and singing Mr. Zumas trademark anthem, Bring Me My Machine Gun.' BILDERBERG TO MEET IN GREECE IN MAY 2009' Israels racist and fascist foreign minister the real power in government  Uri Avnery' Toplevel government corruption emerges in China  President Hu Jintao and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao involved  Communist Party of China furious' Why G20 Leaders Won't Fulfill Promises to Follow the Free Trade Model... Palestinian doctor who lost three kids in Gaza op tapped for Nobel Prize' At least 20 dead in Italy by earthquake 6.3 magnitude, buildings collapse and thousands left homeless' Dozens dead as quake hits Italy' Children, 10 and 11, questioned over vicious knife attack on two boys in UK' Taliban blamed for mosque blast' PM Brown plays down expenses row' Youve got to be kidding. What a horrifying poll result 57% of Americans Back Military Response to N. Korea' Syrian man tries to assassinate President Obama with a knife. Possibly never heard of the secret service.' Ever wanted to scrawl graffiti onto the West Bank separation wall? Indirectly, now you can.' The dark side of Dubai' Hundreds of photographers have staged a protest outside Scotland Yard against a new law which they say could stop them taking pictures of the police.' Israeli Physicians for Human Rights Israel created terror without mercy in Gaza' If waterboarding was a war crime when the Japanese did it to my father, why isn't it a war crime anymore?... Iraqi shoethrower's sentence cut to one year. Cop hits man at G20, man later dies of natural causes [VID]' OMG WTF is wrong with these people?  Video of Witches being burned in Kenya NOT FOR THE FAINTHEARTED' Students in Moldova have attacked the country's parliament in protest at the victory of the governing Communist Party in Sunday's general election. Obama renewes support for the Annapolis agreement but an Israeli Minister responds Israel does not take orders from Obama ' Students use Twitter to storm presidency in Moldova ' Iceland said to be one of the five most dangerous countries in the world' Pfizer to pay $75m after deaths of Nigerian children in drug trial experiment' Palestinian, acting alone, kills three Israelis. Off duty police officer shoots him dead. To teach a lesson, they tear down his house against the appeals of his family. Meanwhile, they shoot dead another Palestinian who drives at them during this!' 25 years in prison for expresident of Peru, Alberto Fujimori, guilty of murder and kidnapping for death squad activities (How many for Cheney, Bush?)' Dollar as the world reserve currency system is coming to an end Soros' Last Saturday a 75yearold retired university professor was severely beaten in a cemetery as part of what rights groups are saying is a concerted effort by the Chinese government to head off any efforts to memorialize the deaths of hundreds of Tiananmen Square protestors.' Indian journalist throws a shoe at top minister  the shoe protest craze continues' Violent Protests Erupt in Moldova ' India bans mining of asbestos but not its import and usage. Canada regulates usage of asbestos but allows mining and export. Pop quiz Where does Canada sell asbestos?' Al Jazeera's take on Obama's address to the Turkish parliament Indian shoe thrower released!!' Sexting Should Teens be Prosecuted? at BettyConfidential.com' Schindler's actual list turns up in Australia Moldova students raid parliament' Swiss slide into deflation signals the next chapter of this global crisis  Watch Switzerland closely. It is tipping into deflation, the first Western country to succumb to Japan's disease. Mexican President Calderon It is impossible to pass tons of drugs to the US without some complicity of American authorities' Portugal's drug decriminalization policy shows positive results Five years later, street drugrelated deaths from overdoses drop and the rate of HIV cases crashes More on the success of drug decriminalization in Portugal' Radiohead to Testify Against the RIAA! Go Radiohead!' Oil tankers anchor off British coast waiting for oil prices to rise ' french cops throwing rocks at the protesters during NATO summit. talk about police provocation' America Fuck Yeah!' What is fragile should break early while it is still small. Nothing should ever become too big to fail. (author of Black Swan)' Former Peruvian president Alberto Fujimori sentenced to 25 years' G20 death shows systemic problems in the police ' Police forced to launch massive terror raids in UK 'months early' after their own boss accidentally shows photographers a top secret briefing document on the surveillance operation Chinese unemploymentWhere will all the students go?' Germany's Sense of Order; relating Germany's economic actions to their culture Winery in Japan employs more than 100 Autistic workers. Except for the part where employs means pays them, but confiscates their wages and then charges their families for 'tuition.'' Tony Blair, who is a Roman Catholic, challenges  the entrenched attitudes of the Pope on homosexuality, argues it is time for him to rethink his views' Russia is drinking herself to death.' Three Accused of Mass Murder/Genocide in Rwanda Win Extradition Appeal and Walk Free' Ten Arrested after Counter Terrorism Officer Reveals Confidential Document' Last embrace Baby survives Baghdad car bombing in slain mother's lap Greece Teeters on the Verge of Bankruptcy' Spies Penetrate U.S. Electrical Grid' Jewish settlers rampage through West Bank village' Mother executes Son at firing range, in plain sight of security cameras [PICS]' Jewish settlers rampage through West Bank village smashing car windows and damaging homes' Dubai's Slave Labor, a Documentary Short by Journalist Ben Anderson Antigovernment protesters in Tibet sentenced to death' BREAKING!! In total upset Kim 'reelected' as N Korea leader!! CIA shuts down its secret prisons' a quarter of oilrich Saudi's population is below poverty line, all oil money goes to ruling princes The UK police officer who assaulted Ian Tomlinson has come forward, will be questioned by investigators today' After twenty years of US placing bounties on Pakistanis and Afghanis (pashtuns) no one has ever turned anyone in for the money..........this is why.' European and Asian countries sent their commercial fleets to fish in Somali waters. Other European countries sent drums of nuclear waste, to be dumped at sea. And we wonder why they hijack boats...' Click on any country to see U.S. military involvement (interactive map)' Bastard tried to flee the minivan too...RIP Angels Pitcher Adenhart' Israeli forces detain ten Gazan fishermen and seize their boats' A week after a largely rightwing Israeli government took power, differences are emerging with main ally Washington over Middle East peace efforts that could develop into an allout confrontation.' this Israeli government, like its predecessors, has little interest in complying with its obligations' Making up antiSemitism 'Jerusalem Post' admits it was duped by hoaxer on report of antiSemitism Refugees killed on the final battlefield between Sri Lanka's army and the Tamil Tigers; U.N. chief says both sides may be guilty of war crimes UK Police  Unaccountable, Secretive and Out of Control' How to lose your security clearance in 5 seconds Britain's top counterterrorism officer, Bob Quick, resigned after he accidently revealed a secret document to photographers.  Kurt Cobain's estate swindled out of MILLIONS of dollars!! Focus on the Family child molester busted for attempted rape' The Case Against Shell Landmark human rights trial on April 29, 2009 (Wiwa v. Shell)   for its role in the repression of the Ogoni people and the executions of the Ogoni Nine' At least 20 people were killed and nearly 300 injured yesterday when a hospital in the last area of Sri Lanka held by the Tamil Tigers was shelled in what one doctor described as the worst day of bloodshed since the start of the military campaign.  Why doesn't reddit care? FBI joins effort in hostage standoff with pirates' French lawmakers reject Internet piracy bill' Mum executes her own son at shooting range' Four Tibetans sentenced to death for starting fires during unrest in Lhasa' 50,000+ hold protest against president in Georgia (the country)' French president humiliated when French Parliment rejects his proposed law that would allow the recording and movie industry to cut off Internet for accused illegal downloaders' Google Street View Cameraman Dont you take pictures of me, mate.' Republican Lawmaker Suggests Asians Adopt EasiertoPronounce Names' UK, if you think Dubai is bad, just look at your own country' The OneChild Policy in action There are 32 million more mainland Chinese males under the age of 20 than females' Photographer Steve Back, whose picture of the UK's antiterror chief holding a clearly visible secret document led to his resignation yesterday Ive told Downing Street before that the quality of lenses means that we can read ministerial papers' Israel threatens to prevent Northern Ireland leader Gerry Adams from travelling to Gaza.  He goes anyway, and meets with Hamas leaders.' Swedish civil servants surfing porn to chase taxable income.' Russia's cosmonauts prepare for letdown Israel Cries Wolf  on Iran  again. Roger Cohen, NY Times' Iraq suicide bombing kills five U.S. soldiers' Somali pirates surrounded by FBI and US warships in Indian Ocean standoff' Obama asks Congress for extra $83.4 bln for military funding in Iraq and Afghanistan.. ALL money would be spent by SEPTEMBER' A Taste of AFRICOM Somalia did find peace and tried to stop piracy before the US bombed the shit out of it in 2006 ' Activist Charged for Inciting 'Twitter Revolution' (Updated) | Danger Room from Wired.com Underdogs of War 6 Tiny Nations that Kicked Ass' Interview with Iranian President Ahmadinejad 'We Are Neither Obstinate nor Gullible'  SPIEGEL ONLINE  News  International Lost of  hope in Gaza aftermath......this is what the war was really out to accomplish.' Yay! Obama seeks extra funds for wars ' U.S. Negotiations With Somali Pirates Continue  I thought it was US policy NOT to negotiate with terrorists. Can someone explain?' Democracy loses in Fiji! President abrogates constitution!' In the 3rd Poorest Place on the Planet. We have $200m of Reward Money Outstanding, incl. $50m for Osama & NoOne has Come Forward to Take a Cent.' Bolivian president Evo Morales is on a hunger strike for constitutional reform' Gunman on Mich Community college campus; gunshot reported' Russia blamed for pipeline blast ' How to spot a lame, lame argument  author of The Dark Side of Dubai responds to Arab criticism' While his shocking gaffes make news abroad, the Italian PM's stranglehold on TV and newspapers keeps his nation clueless. What is the difference between the government controlling the media and one family controlling it all? 2/3 of French soldiers during WWII were not white, so they weren't allowed to be in the victory parades  Hostage killed as French storm yacht held by Somali pirates' Thursday, Leon Panetta, the director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), issued a memo declaring the Obama administrations policy of amnesty for torturers. The US corporate mass media ignored the topic.' French subway beating  This is a brutal video the French government has worked hard to suppress.' Palestinians  Israel Must Back TwoState Solution and Abide by Previous Agreements, Including the Halting of All Settlement Activity, If Peace Talks are to Resume' Four Afghani civilians killed in raid by US military, including a mother and her children, with a baby dying afterwards.  They are described as combatants in the intitial report.  ' Unethical Marketing by drug company surfaces' Measles Outbreak' Toxic scandal in Somalia gave birth to new piracy' Death By the Numbers Pakistan Counts the Toll of the BushObama Drone War' Beck imitates Obama pouring gasoline on average American ' Somali Pirates are just avenging all the nuclear waste dumped on their coast' Metropolitan police chiefs ordered to justify tactics at G20 protests' Russian Rocket Forces tell about plans for 2009' China Gender Gap ''If you've got highly sexed young men, there is a concern that they will all get together and, with high levels of testosterone, there may be a real risk, that they will go out and commit crimes'' Ah, Easter.  Chocolate bunnies, coloring eggs, and.. WTF' The Kremlin Wins a Round in Moldova' China's guy problems only getting worse We have no interest in building a nuclear weapon.  The world should fear those who have built nuclear weapons in secret and who shun the IAEA.' Robber's heartattack ploy works only once Pirates holding a German cargo ship returned to port Saturday after failing to reach a lifeboat containing four pirates and their American hostage' Educating Our Kids  The Sarva Shiiksha Abhiyan | GroundReport' WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and SportsBus Driver Accused of Using Bus to Discipline' You are being lied to about pirates.' American captain Richard Phillips rescued, 3 pirates killed, 1 taken into custody' Darwinism award candidate makes her debut at the Berlin Zoo.' A douchebag from Harvard Palestinian civilians could be culpable for suicide bombings by supporting them' What the US learnt from Iraq  and the Arab world didnt' Thailand's ousted prime minister called for a revolution Sunday after rioting erupted in the capital, with protesters commandeering public buses and swarming triumphantly over military vehicles in unchecked defiance after the government declared a state of emergency. Ian Tomlinson threeyear wait for G20 death verdict' Americans invade home, massacre Afghan woman, her three children & brotherinlaw, let their God Sort It Out. ' We suddenly had so many women coming in with postrape lesions and injuries I could never have imagined. Our minds just couldnt take in what these women had suffered.' I've watched the police for 30 years and I still despair The policeman who 'killed' a G20 protestor claims he was 'protecting him' and forcibly shoved him to the ground for 'his own safety' State of emergency in Bangkok 10,000 antigovernment protesters are at the gates of Government House and several hundred are marching toward police headquarters' Am I the only person who wants an online micropayment system for newspapers? I don't want to see decent papers go under and 0.001 means nothing to me. UK encourages yet more personal debt at environments expense' Two thousand Poles are currently in prison for riding a bicycle whilst under the influence of alcohol. ' Hypocrisy in all its splendor' A second Jewish state' The disappearing male gender.  ' US court allows apartheid cases ' Sri Lanka to suspend offensives against rebels to enable tens of thousands of trapped civilians to leave the war zone, if the Tamil Tigers will let them.' Saudi judge refuses to annul 8yearold's marriage Lost everything when the Icelandic banks collapsed' Tamil protesters vent their fury' MI5 hires little old ladies, moms pushing strollers for tailing suspects' Russia, Iraq call for fair new world order  Gee, I thought that was what Obama and Brown were calling for' The filmmaker Sir David Attenborough becomes a patron of a group seeking to cut the growth in human population. ' American captain rescued, pirates killed' SEALs parachuted into water in dark, later slid down tow line to lifeboat' During Gaza offensive, soldier steals ATM card from Gaza resident, withdraws money in Israel' WTF? Why Is This Merely A Side Note? Various gangs along Somalia's coast are holding 18 foreign ships  including five taken this week  and more than 250 hostages.' Why I Know Weapons Expert Dr David Kelly Was Murdered, by the MP Who Spent a Year Investigating His Death' New Zealand Locked out union employees fight back with lock in' Obama To Allow Travel, Money Transfers To Cuba' Now pirates vow to kill future US, French hostages.' In case you didn't know, Fiji is going down the crapper You are being lied to about pirates' Vatican blocks Caroline Kennedy appointment as US ambassador because of her support for abortion, you know' Warning that Pakistan is in danger of collapse within months' British and mainland Europeans have known for more than a year new leather sofas from China are a hotbed of allergens' European subsidies are responsible for largescale unemployment and poverty among farmers in Africa, Asia and Latin America'  Over 150,000 Gazans still without tap water' The coronation of Bhutan's Dragon King, and what it means for the worlds last Himalayan kingdom Obama says the US seeks to halt piracy on the high seas' U.S. Military Considers Attacks on Somali Pirates Land Bases ' (UK) Police investigate shocking video of 17 drunken soldiers 'roasting' underage girl The Two Piracies in Somalia' Wikileaks.de taken offline by German registrar' Iran offers to train Afghan police ' Georgia protesters move to oust president' No one dared report the accident because the owner was so powerful. Graft in China Covers Up Toll of Coal Mines ' Overfishing to wipe out bluefin tuna WWF' In the last few weeks, 25 boys and men are reported to have been killed in Baghdad because they were, or were perceived to be, gay' North Korea responds to UN Security Council condemnation of its rocket launch by quitting negotations and resuming production of nuclear weapons' North Korea orders UN inspectors out' Ronald Reagan Was An FBI Informant' UK  Police raid dozens of homes as climate change activists arrested' Egypt accuses Hezbollah of plotting attacks on its soil, labels the group a terrorist organization for the first time ' The decline in Israel's reputation is a structurally inbuilt logic of an occupation that becomes increasingly aggressive, in order to maintain itself and a settler population that is increasingly radicalised. ' Dear shipping companies Haven't you ever heard of traveling in convoys? Ships did it in WWII. Check it out. Sincerely, the taxpayers who are rescuing your asses from pirates China Concentration Camps Are Exposed' We have decided to kill U.S. and French sailors if they happen to be among our future hostages' Apartheid Israel to Encage Christian Village' Charity is calling for a campaign to protect the UK's mental health, describing a culture of fear in which the media and politicians fuel a sense of unease.' Urine spray man gets nine years ' tIAEA Chief Israel would be utterly crazy to attack Iran. If you bomb, you will turn the region into a ball of fire and put Iran on a crash course for nuclear weapons with the support of the whole Muslim world.' Single shots killed Somali pirates the snipers were able to make the shot at night in rolling waters.'  The [British] government does not feel the need to hold contingency plans specifically for the eventuality of crude oil supplies peaking between now and 2020.' Real IRA 'will carry out attacks on mainland Britain' N. Korea vows to restart nuclear reactor, end talks'  Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels say they are ready to negotiate a permanent ceasefire with the government forces Tony Blair claims that Binyamin Netanyahu will build a Palestinian nation  With these two Palestinians have no chance' Define Brave   President of Fiji Law Society speaks out from jail cell' Untold Stories about Somalia Pirates  European ships dump Nuclear Waste into Somalia Ocean' Pirates seize two ships off Somalia' Is the west thwarting Arab plans for reform?' Monsanto Uprooted Germany Bans Cultivation of GM Corn' Headlines Africa  Niger villages say No to female genital mutilation' Saudia Arabia to enter the 14th century and regulate child brides' Video Woman smacked and beaten by cop at G20 protests ' Go the French!  French Warship Captures Pirates. Pirates wanted to kill the crew and destroy the last US ship they attacked.' Fears that Britain is slipping into a surveillance society have been heightened by Brussels initiating legal action' Somali Pirates Hijack 4 More Ships' Israel does not plan to cooperate with a U.N. agency's investigation into alleged war crimes by Israeli troops and Hamas militants during fighting in Gaza. Fijian newspapers are turning into the Onion' The Mizrahis, Jewish migrants from Arab countries, are still stunned at the level of ignorance and prejudice that greeted them in the new Israel. Zionism, the ideology that built the Jewish state, was conceived in Europe and was, inevitably, set to a European tune.' Britain's failure to protect its citizens from secret surveillance on the internet is to be investigated by the European Commission. Free speech is nothing but trouble.' Afghan Feminists Beaten With Rocks Today' Bolivian President Evo Morales ends hunger strike. If the oligarchy insults me, if they attack me, it means that I am doing my job. It means that I am defending the people' G20 protest videos Growing catalogue of evidence against police' Genocide and crimes against humanity have become coded jargon. You end up arguing whether a particular outrage is an act of genocide or not, and not whether what happened was reprehensible or not.' The police should take note little brother's watching you Women hit by stones at rally against law that critics say legalizes marital rape.' Somalia says let us handle the pirates' A great tool.  Tracks world shipping and ship locations.  Liberty Sun is now off Somolia and was attacked.  ' London Police officer suspended after video surfaces of brutality at vigil [Video]' No winners in Thailand's crisis Vatican 'vetoes' US envoy names Mexico Begins Legislative Debate On Legalizing Marijuana' Taliban execute eloping young lovers in Afghanistan' London police are now deleting tourists' photos because photographing anything to do with transport is strictly forbidden. ' Schoolboy gets sarcasm instead of help when calling Australian '911'  Dies as a result In the Indian election, 700m voters, 28 days, 250,000 police world's biggest democratic poll begins Afghan Women Stoned During Protest of Rape Law, Make Cowards of Their Men' Police brutality The camera is mightier than the sword' Robert Fisk How can you trust the cowardly BBC?' Pirate Bay Trial Update  Verdict Comes Friday' Russia ends war with Chechnya' Hundreds gathered on Wednesday in front of the European Union patent office in Munich to protest a patent for a test to check pigs for a gene that makes them produce more meat, arguing that the process opens the door to further commercial exploitation of biological processes and weakens farmers.' Video Police threaten photographers at G20 protest with arrest ' Man Gets on Bus  Fiji Daily' One round of dialysis in hospitals costs 3x the average Chinese farmer's yearly income Coop clinic had provided its patients with dialysis for 1% of the hospital cost, until Chinese health officials shut it down this month. Patients now refusing to leave Beijing until they receive a settlement. President Medvedev Russia needs more political competition and a greater freedom to protest.' Britain Police make mass preemptive arrest of protesters in Nottingham' New Human Rights Watch report Eritrea becoming 'a giant prison' , is one of the most closed and repressive states in the world, 300 Afghan women protesting Afghanistan's new rapecondoning laws are chased by groups 3x larger than their own comprised mostly of men; the women are threatened with death, called whores, and attacked.' Iranian scientists cloned a goat; the effort is part of Iran's quest to become a leader in science and medicine. Oslo Police 'NonWesterners' Behind Most Sexual Assaults... Spanish Prosecutor Drop case against Bush officials' Starving Zimbabweans poaching wild animals' Eritrea 'like a giant prison', claims human rights group Crazy stories from Dubai... Modern day slavery' Stories of UK police paranoia getting more absurd  UK police force Austrian tourists to delete bus photos.' A limited UNled investigation of 90 people in one jail found evidence of severe beatings and inhuman conditions. The corpse of Valeriu Boboc, a 23yearold protester, was returned to his parents covered in bruises; the authorities say he was poisoned.' Russia Ends Operation in Chechnya ' A poll of 60,000 Swedes showed that 89 per cent believed that the Pirate Bay founders should have been acquitted' The Pirate Bay Don't worry  we're from the internets. It's going to be alright. ) Did you know there are 4 varieties of Bengal Tiger? A beautiful photo shoot of over a dozen Bengals.' G20  Ian Tomlinson's death was NOT heart attack second post mortem suggests PIRATE BAY FOUND GUILTY!' Hong Kong Students Vote to Condemn Tiananmen Square Violence' Vatican bewildered by Belgian condemnation and official resolution against the pope's comments on the use of condoms.' U.S. experts Pakistan on course to become an Islamic state; It's a disaster in the making on the scale of the Iranian revolution, U.S. intelligence official says.' 1,500 Indian Farmers Commit Mass Suicide' The Torture Colony In a remote part of Chile, an evil German evangelist built a utopia whose members helped the Pinochet regime perform its foulest deeds' London G20 protestor died from an abdominal haemorrhage and NOT natural causes, like orginally claimed' Tragic.  Over 1500 farmers in India commit suicide after crop failure.' CNN African Villages Denounce Female Circumcision'  Dubai Police confirm plan to block internet 'smut'  Russia deploys 22 ships from Black Sea Fleet, is another war with Georgia looming? Where there's smoke... Top 10 Free Secure Online Tools to avoid Pirate Bay Verdict' Spanish court says torture charges against Bush officials can continue, despite AG opposition.' The Piratebay founders found guilty, one year in jail each and a 30 million SEK fine' Man Killed at G20 Died of Internal Bleeding, New Autopsy Reveals ' Police 'stop attempt on Morales'   Press downplaying Assasination Attempt?' Chechnya Russia declares 'mission accomplished' in strongman state Russian Forces Deploying for Possible Action in Georgia'  Ancient, frozen ecosystem produces bloodred ice flows' Headlines Africa  Former child soldiers, sex slaves recover from Liberias war' Ral Castro Cuba ready 'to discuss everything' with U.S. The police officer caught on film attacking Ian Tomlinson during the G20 protests could face manslaughter charges after a second postmortem concluded that the newspaper vendor died from internal bleeding and not a heart attack.' Officer assaults woman with a baton at a memorial protest for Ian Tomlinson, a G20 victim [vid]' Israel ready to bomb Iran  Get ready for a Russian smackdown' AIPAC in action US to boycott a UN forum on racism to protect Apartheid Israel' Iran convicts American journalist on spying charges' US plans to boycott UN racism conference.' Fox business interviews the Icelandic Minister of business Affairs and show clips of massive rioting...IN LATVIA!' At least 83 children lost both parents and 2,200 lost at least one during apartheid Israel's recent war on Gaza. French capture Eta Military Chief' Rahm is talking tough against Israel however if the Bill Clinton era is anything to go by little action will result from this, the 'settler' population in the West Bank will increase and so will funding True stories of US soldiers abused in Iraq ... Oh, by the way, they're women. Beijing state control over the press is insufficient and will be increased' A Taste of AFRICOM Somalia did find peace and tried to stop piracy until the US bombed the shit out of it in 2006 ' Shami Chakrabarti (of Liberty fame) was target in police search in Damian Green arrest' You might be Canadian!! No, Really!! Take this quiz to see!!!' Iran jails journalist as US spy' Afghanistan's controversial law emboldens women's rights activists | csmonitor.com Chavez reportedly greeted Obama by saying, with this very hand I greeted President Bush. I want to be your friend.' Justice for the Uighurs' '60 Minutes , Scott Pelley Talks about Cold Fusion Report Israelis feel chill as US sets out new ground rules' Shootout Leaves 16 Dead in Mexico  Drug War' Disappearing World Global warming Claims Tropical Island ' North Korea Sanctions a declaration of war' Bolivia international terror gang 'also targetted Cardinal' Taliban execute couple for 'illicit relationship' Head of Independent Police Board Slams G20 Police Violence and Dishonesty' Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad urges full defense for US reporter' Pirate Party Swells After Spectrial Verdict' Jackie Chan Chinese people need to be controlled' 11yearold girl dies after being punished by teacher'  Schools turn to bouncers for 'crowd control' during absent teachers' lessons Tamil civilians slaughtered as army shells 'nofire zone' Could someone explain to me why so many Americans hate Hugo Chavez so much? He might be a bit pompous and have a slight authoritarian streak, but he's a truly democratically elected leader who honestly seems to care about his people. Headlines Africa  Dig 'may reveal' Cleopatra's tom Cut aid to Africa  Dead Aid, By Dambisa Moyo' Palestinians mourn demonstrator's death UAE arrests suspect in Lebanon's Hariri murder 5 Ways People Are Trying to Save the World (That Don't Work) Palestinians waiting, waiting for a solution, while Israel continues to talk peace while waging war. Are they waiting for Godot?' Iran breaks agreement to stop shelling Kurds' Chavez 'to restore US ambassador' IMF warns over parallels to Great Depression' `Capitalism is putting an end to humanity and the planet'  ALBA countries' document for the 5th Summit of the Americas Gunmen kidnap two foreign aid workers in Somalia' Solution to global financial crisis, Tasmania's wombat poo Fifty Years of Terror ETA Timeline' British MI5 Seeks a Real 'Q' 8 basic instructions for owners of Internet Cafes in Saudi Arabia (including censorship, secret cameras)' History of Staged Terrorism  The trails lead back into the 1950s  NATO is still blocking the facts.' Israel decides to build a Museum of Tolerance atop a Muslim cemetery' Israeli Legislator Writes Letter To Rahm Emanuel, Reminding Him That He Needs To Be Loyal To Jewish People And Israel Only, Not America' The public are fast losing patience with thuggish policing' A survey 16 copyright regimes around the world found the United Kingdom is the worst, a blessed plot which makes it illegal to rip CDs, doesn't protect parody and satire, and puts a copyright on government documents.' Ahmadinejad says Israel is run by a racist government, western diplomats stage walkout at UN conference' IDF thugs beating women and teenagers, forcing a teens arm out and hitting the elbow with a brick in an attempt to break it' Cult author JG Ballard dead at 78' Red Cross 'worn out' in Sri Lanka (Horrifying picture included) Hamas accused of extrajudicial killings of Palestinians in Gaza' International condoms 'too big' for Indian men Turkey's scheming in Strasbourg shows it doesn't belong in the European Union.  By Christopher Hitchens Swiss president ignores Israel lobby and proceeds to meet with his Iranian counterpart on the eve of the antiracism Durban Review Conference being held in Geneva.' Britain walks out of conference as Ahmadinejad calls Israel 'racist' Father denies Slumdog child sale  He was tempted, he rejecteed the offer, then he was blatantly slandered' China Late last year, the government cut to 1 percent its tax on family vehicles with fuelsipping engines no larger than 1.6 liters, while raising the levies to as much as 40 percent on cars, minivans and sport utility vehicles with larger engines.' According to reports, the European Commission will soon begin an investigation into the British government's use of Internet surveillance Swedes demonstrate in support of Pirate Bay' Hamas directed gunmen to eliminate political opponents and suspected collaborators under the cover of Israel's military offensive in Gaza Lets Get The Somali Pirates To Patrol The Seas. It Would Save Money And All The Hassle' Torture Victim Turns Tables on Libya at 'Racism' Conference... Amnesty International Fiji Develops Culture of Fear Under Military Rule' Somalia's Godfathers RansomRich Pirates While Whitelisting Syria, Linkedin Keeps Sudans Internet Users Blocked!' Prince Charles told don't interfere on planning decisions ** Leading architects complain that prince abuses position to 'skew' planning decisions Muslim Cleric participates in Rabbis and Imams for peace conference, then goes on TV and declares that Jews are inherently evil and that no Jew or Zionist will be left on the face of this earth' Redditors awarded for being homo heroes' The Pirate Bay FTW!' European Internet users, rejoice! Amandement 138 was voted again and the European Internet has been saved. For now.' 14 videos showing footage of British police tactics during G20 protests  Bloody disgrace!' British police respond to 'trial by media' Israeli President We all want a world that is clean of nuclear bombs, but the problem is that those holding the bombs are religious fanatics, extremists, that do not cringe from all methods of killing' Memberhistory for the Swedish Pirate Party' Kuwait state arrests candidate for .. criticizing the ruling family' New Video Shows Police At G20's Protest Beating People With Batons And Shields [video] China plans to build 93,000ton atomicpowered aircraft carrier' Iraqi militia torturing gay men by glueing their anus' Mossad agent attempts to derail the prosecution of two AIPAC spies by suborning a member of Congress and promising her the chairmanship of the Intelligence Committee' State of Emergency extended in Thailand' After victory in the Swat Valley, the Taliban are moving into the next region.  100km from Islamabad.  How long until US troops deploy to Pakistan?' Internet radicals ready themselves for European Parliament' Teen pirate came under flag of truce. He should've used flag of parley. 60 years ago  the Zionist 9/11 that failed A group of Jewish terrorists who planned to drop leaflets and bombs on London fall into a police trap' China will display its nuclear submarines for the first time in history' Sri Lanka army accused of carnage' 63,000 Tamils refugees flee from LTTE territory in Sri Lanka' The story of 8 year old quadriplegic  Maria Aman and what it says about the Israeli government's attitude towards Palestinians Any idea that Chavez is some sort of threat to the United States is absurd. It's hard to see his fiery antiAmerican rhetoric as anything more than performance art Ahmadinejad dropped language describing the Holocaust as ambiguous and dubious from a prepared speech' Second woman says Paraguay president fathered kid out of wedlock when he was a Roman Catholic bishop' Ahmadinejad's speech at the UN Conference on racism full text Israeli FM Believe me, America accepts all our decisions. The Obama Admin will put forth new peace initiatives only if Israel wants it to.' Video shows UAE royal setting man's testicles on fire, running him over with an SUV. Welcome to Dubai, have a pleasant stay! China wants citizens with unique names to change them under new ID system' US Freddie Mac chief found dead' Full Text of President Ahmadinejad's Remarks at U.N. Conference on Racism The results indicate that 74% of Palestinians and 78% of Israelis are willing to accept a twostate solution on an option range from tolerable to essential, while 59% of Palestinians and 66% of Israelis find a single binational state unacceptable.' European Prosecutors Are Likely To Investigate CIA And Bush Administration Officials On Suspicion Of Violating An International Ban On Torture If They Are Not Held Legally Accountable At Home, According To U.N. Officials And Human Rights Lawyers.' 70euro admission charge for unlimited food, drink and sex between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m' All of 12 men arrested over a suspected bomb plot in the UK two weeks ago have now been released without charge.' Torture tape implicates UAE Royal Sheik; victim is whipped, beaten, electrocuted, run over by SUV Viewer Discretion is Advised ' WTF?! France trying to pass harsh new law that would cut off internet access for people who download pirated music and films. Gov't agency called HADOPI will police the intrnet on behalf of copyright owners The world attends to Palestinian grievances but not Chechen ones for the sole reason that Palestinians are, uniquely, the perceived victims of the Jewish state.' DHS Chief Janet Napolitano Says 9/11 Hijackers Came From Canada....' Britian unveils plans for 50% tax bracket ' Russian SWAT in action while capturing bank robbers! Most viral video in Russia! [VIDEO]' Netanyahu again attempts to dictate US foreign policy' Hugo Chvez gives to Barack Obama an island to be transformed into an environmental reserve' Finally, I'm in America!!! Save Steve Irwins Place! Australian Govt allowing Bauxite mine to be built next door. Sign the Petition pls..or I'll get my thumb and.... Covert Mexican drug agents 'dead' A Workers Paradise Found Off Japans Coast' Earthlike planet Gliese 581 e discovered, a rocky mass of 1.9 Earth masses!' Kiwis confused about the proper names of their islands' Old Europe investigates whether to pursue Bush officials on torture' Q&A Sri Lanka crisis ' Five men decide a 19 yearold is a coward, so they take him into a tent, strip him down, handcuff and hold him down, and indecently assault him while video and photographing the scene.  This setting is Afghanistan, but the players are all British soldiers.' Swedish Pirate Party Doubles in Size After Bay Verdict ' Israeli Soldiers Shoot American Between The Eyes With Tear Gas At AntiDemolition/Settlement Protest In The West Bank [WARNING Graphic Video]' [ThePirateBay] The judge that sentenced Piratebay founders is a member of antipiracy organizations' 10 Days after imposing Sharia Law, Taliban militants have now taken control of Brunei the strategically important district just 70 miles from the capital. Honestly, how long does Pakistan have?' Pirate Bay Judge Accused of Bias, Calls for a Retrial' If Lieberman had turned up to speak, would western delegates and ambassadors have staged a walkout? ' Thailand  Army Bullets Used in Assassination Attempt' Netanyahu No Peace Talks With the Palestinians Until Obama Does Something About Iran.....' Do Palestinians Really Want a State?  the psychology of the Middle East conflict' British troops reached human rights laws'; captives were [allegedly] tortured, murdered and their bodies mutilated.  Oh, btw, your general works for me....' Olmert, Livni and Ehud Barak charged with war crimes by a group of Norwegian lawyers. New law in Norway allows foreigners to face charges against war crimes, genocide and crimes against humanity.' Baghdad  A suicide bomber killed at least 28 people  detonating a belt of explosives as police distributed aid to a crowd of homeless families.' Czech Soldiers in Afghanistan We're Not Going to Fight, it's Dangerous....' The Inventor of the Web Opposes to Online Spying' I feel good today because of this video Stand By Me performed by street musicians across the world & spliced/mixed together. Excellent.' Bolivian President Evo Morales on Wednesday accused the World Bank of trying to blackmail his country several years ago by demanding freemarket reforms in exchange for aid loans' Israel defies US and destroys Palestinian home' Taliban Seize Vital Pakistan Area Closer to the Capital' The Japanese government is offering to pay the air fair for hundreds of thousands of bluecollar Latin American immigrants and their families if they'll sign an agreement promising never to work in Japan again. China Unveils New Fleet of Nuclear Submarines' The good news Somalia's most powerful Islamist is back to stabilize the country. The bad news Somalia's most powerful Islamist is back to stabilize the country. Criminal duress got skipped for distractionary conversations of torture how?  Remember Valerie Plame sacrificed during spy shortage?  Why not!  How did we get her name, anyway?' Independent journalist fined for taking video of Belarus KGB officer' I think more people need to understand what waterboarding is. [VIDEO]' Poland to ban Che Guevara image and other materials that incite fascism and totalitarian systems' We may need to seek them out and destroy them where they live,. Vioxx maker Merck and Co drew up doctor hit list.' Israel admits to having used white phosphorus in Gaza.' Key Tamil Tigers leadership surrender, Sri Lanka within days of ending a 25 year civil war.' Taxing the rich, chart of income tax rates for the wealthiest in various countries.' G20 police officer said he wanted to eat up hippies' on Facebook  Pirate Bay lawyer wants a retrial' Dick Cheney's death squad killed Lebanese former prime minister Rafik Hariri Tens of thousands of Armenians march through the capital to commemorate the 94th anniversary of the Armenian genocide' Pedophile Priest Hires Private Detectives to Harass His Victims' Islamic insurgents advance closer to Pakistani capital' 60 dead in Mexico flu outbreak' 80 people died in Iraq and 120 others were injured thursday in three bombings, one by a female suicide bomber that held a young childs hand as she set off her explosives among a group of women and children receiving emergency food aid' Spain's jobless rate soars to 17.4%, doubling over the past 12 months Israeli FM Lieberman World leaders must drop 'land for peace' and 'twostate solution' slogans, the obstacle to any solution is not Israel. It is not the Palestinians. It's the Iranians.' Bank wants 40,000 pounds from G20 girl 17 ' Attorney General If you were just following orders, then you're good. Seems strangely familiar... Fatal swine flu breaks out in Mexico' Twintrack talks in Burma raise peace hopes' Report Reporters to be tried in N. Korea' Cops taser naked man at arts festival (with video)' Sweden spied on CIA 'terror flights' Former KKK leader David Duke has been detained by police in the Czech Republic on suspicion of denying the Holocaust.' Nobel laureate accuses Israel of 'ethnic cleansing' Snow Patrol lead singer defends Pirate Bay founders and says If you want to download music  just fucking go for it!' Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, Stated On Thursday There Will Be No Freeze Of The Construction And Expansion Of Settlements In The West Bank' Mexico City . This evening the Senate approved the opinion of the legislative initiative to combat drug trafficking, which allows the carrying of small doses of drugs, marijuana, cocaine and crystal, among others.' Apartheid Israel Destroys more Palestinian Homes in Jerusalem' Irish reject evoting, go back to paper  Ars Technica' Eight Scientists Find Active Nanothermite in 9/11 WTC Dust  April 6, 2009' Killer flu Mexico City shuts down' OK, Who Brought The Israeli Oranges Into Iran?' Today Iceland, the first casualty of the financial crisis, votes a new legislator and government. Will it make a difference?' $$$ behind Fearmongering Of Pakistan's Demise Interpol seeks arrest of Venezuelan opposition leader' The worlds longest running failed state. Also pirates.' There are almost 200,000 private contractors in Iraq (more than US soldiers) and Obama is continuing to use mercenaries there and in Afghanistan and Israel/Palestine.' Spain's jobless rate rose sharply, to 17.36% with 4 million people out of work; more than double the European Union average World Health Organization Mexico swine flu has 'pandemic potential' How To Protest Corruption In Zimbabwe Activists Make Posters And Placards Out Of Trillion Dollar Notes To Protest Against Mugabe [cool pics]' Transcript Interview with U.N. torture official Manfred Novak' Media fee to replace Finland TV licence ' Live updates from the elections in Iceland by the blogger in Iceland  Surviving Iceland' Mexico All public events suspended  Se suspenden todos los eventos pblicos ' Aussie troops strike Taliban heartland, 80 dead' Swine Flu Deaths Raise Fears Of Global Pandemic' 2,800 organised criminal gangs, British law enforcement is illequipped to deal with the threat that they pose' Is Pakistan going to crumble? Pakistan's Taliban dilemma and why a partition may be imminent The amazing thing is not that you have cases of suicider students but the amazing thing is that the bulk of them try to carry on in the middle of this mess as if life is normal, they want to celebrate their graduation and they want to build their life...' I work as a resident doctor in one of the biggest hospitals in Mexico City and sadly, the situation is far from under control' London Cop's Facebook Rob Ward can't wait to bash some long haired hippys up @ the G20.  Twenty minutes later another Facebook user posted a reply that said Dats bad but good in da same way lol [laugh out loud]. ' WHY is Mexico Citys international airport, which handles about 70,000 passengers each day, operating normally???' Cruise ship fends off pirate attack with gunfire.  Israeli private security forces exchange fire with bandits and drive them off' Forced back to their last 5 square miles of territory, the Tamil Tiger's offer a ceasefire on humanitarian grounds. Sri Lanka insists they surrender. The outbreak coincided with the President Barack Obamas trip to Mexico City on April 16. Obama was received at Mexicos anthropology museum in Mexico City by Felipe Solis, a distinguished archeologist who died the following day from symptoms similar to flu' Norway given more Continental Shelf by the UN' swine flu map' Lost Wallets People who have experienced deprivation tend to be more generous than the very wealthy. ' Swineflu outbreak linked to Smithfield factory farms' US created Taliban and abandoned Pakistan Clinton' No more Bonuses at UBS after bailout? Then We''ll Raise our Salaries by 1520% ... Rwanda bans BBC local broadcasts ' British MI6 agent throws war against drug traffickers into chaos by leaving top secret information about covert operations on a bus in South America' Somali pirates attack German cruise liner with 1200 passengers on board. Guntoting security of the ship successfully fights them off.' Looks like the Flu Is Spreading' Mexico gov't decrees special powers in flu crisis Swine flu tracker  wash your hands says CDC!' Baxter (the company that  sent contaminated seasonal flu product contained live bird flu virus) is working on vaccine to stop swine flu outbreak in Mexico.' Was Israel Planning To Destroy Iran's Airforce? 13 kids killed by bomb disguised as toy in Pakistan' Hey Reddit ... You want peace in the Middle East?  This is the only way that will happen.' Keeping track of swine flu with a worldwide map showing infections by country. (courtersy of Wikimedia Commons)' Press release FluForecast warning was issued a year before the recent Mexico and California H1N1 pig flu cases. Hope this is a good thing.' Yukihisa Fujita, a member of the Upper House of the Japanese Parliament has recently published a book  Fujita claims that 9/11 as the main reason for the War on Terror needs to be newly investigated in order to find peaceful solutions.' The outbreak of swine flu should be renamed Mexican influenza in deference to Muslim and Jewish sensitivities over pork, said an Israeli health official Monday.' 'Panic Can Spread More Quickly Than Swine Flu' First the swine flu, now an earthquake. Mexico City is doomed!' British Government Plan to monitor all internet use  We are watching you' How an FBI agent got Abu Zubaydah to talk without Torture.' Peering into North Korea' Sweden has the highest incidence of reported rapes in Europe  twice as many as runner up the UK, a new study shows.' Map showing the spread of the swine virus' Israel's secret plan for West Bank expansion  Middle East, World  The Independent This will end well Jerusalem settlement 'extended' Give us back our private lives  UK government unveils plans to monitor every one of our phone calls and emails' Poland's Secret CIA Prison Europes first case of swine flu confirmed in Spain' WHO raises pandemic alert to phase 4.' Peaceful Palestinian demonstrations met with Israeli teargas, stun grenades & live ammunition' First lesbian prime minister wins Iceland election under leftwing coalition' EU warning Don't travel to U.S., Mexico.  Warning comes as Spain reports first confirmed case of swine flu in Europe. British nuclear subs repeatedly leaked radioactive material' The arms trade has expanded by more than 20% worldwide in the past five years, with the Middle East and Asian countries accounting for most of the increase. The US was by far the largest arms supplier, accounting for 31% of global weapons exports, with over a third going to the Middle East.' Iran arms ship bound for Gaza downed near Sudan' The likely next leader of North Korea has been chosen' Fouryearold could hold key in search for source of swine flu outbreak' The worlds climate scientists in both public and private are admitting the same thing  defeat.  Global warming won.  Humans lost.' UK government scrap plans for the goverment run internet database, draw up plans to require ISPs to log the data' Over 100 dead in Mexico flu outbreak, markets jittery' Muslims dont care about Swine Flu being called Swine Flu.  The Israeli minister doesn't speak for us. Mexico outbreak traced to 'manure lagoons' at pig farm Canada Cops can now 'take all your stuff' Mexico's Senate has approved a bill decriminalizing possession of small amounts of narcotics for personal use, in order to free resources to fight violent drug cartels. Why is the news freaking out about the Swine flu? 3040,000 people die from the regular flu in the US each year and 300500,000 worldwide' A clear message must be sent to Israel The sanctions against this settlement builder should be the start of a wider boycott of all who profit from the enforced acquisition of Palestinian land.' Baxter Healthcare  The company contracted to make a swine flu vaccine, accidentally shipped LIVE bird flu in a vaccine' Any news channel passing off infotainment as news should be required, by law, to have a highly visable and and scrolly message that read, This information is for entertainment purposes only and may not be factual.'  Exsoldier bragged about Iraqi rape, deaths lawyer' Lithuania's economy shrinks 12.6%, Our economy is falling into deep hole, and I see no positive signs in the nearest future, says financial analyst in Vilnius.' Britain Another terror scare revealed as baseless' Pakistani fighter jets bomb Taliban in an effort to halt advance on Islamabad' Chinese students register US based website to complain' Swastika priest  A priest has shocked parishioners by welcoming them to church wearing a swastika armband' Dubai property prices 'fall 41%' in 3 months 1976 Swine flu 'debacle' Triggeres an Enduring Public Backlash Against Flu Vaccinations Three men have been cleared of helping to plan the 7/7 London suicide attacks with an alleged reconnaissance mission' Swine Flu Container Explodes on Train in Switzerland' A population control pressure group has issued a call for the Australian government to institute a onechild policy to ensure the continent's environmental and economic sustainability.  Israel renames unkosher swine flu' Stonehenge pagan ordered to end 10month protest' Putting things into perspective How many people die of flu every year? How many died of swineflu?' Worldrenowned pianist declares he will not return to U.S.' The United States, this fabled land of immigrants, has fallen dismally far behind countries like Australia and Canada in openness to immigration.' Map of Swine Flu cases; updated in realtime as reports come in.  Last week this was just a few dots in Mexico' While everybody its talking about the flu, Mexico will legalize Drugs for personal use' Egypt orders slaughter of all pigs  roughly between 300,000350,000  over swine flu.' CNN  patient zero has been found, and he likes ice cream' Blasphemy to possibly become punishable by up to 100,000 in Ireland; Amendment to Defamation Bill proposed by Justice Minister Dermot Ahern' Now Russia's in the game  warship captures captures Somali vessel with 29 on board With no $10 laptop in sight, India buys 250,000 OLPC (One Laptop Per Child) laptops' China to Let Taiwan Participate in UN Body  Step Towards Greater Recognition of Taiwan' North Korea threatens Missile Test if Security Council does not apologize for Condemnation of last Missile Test' Boliva is the Saudi Arabia of Lithium. You can literally scrape it off the ground. [PBS VIDEO]' Cannabis Ain't A Crime  a British High Court challenge to drug law 1948  Head of German Gestapo hired by...  CIA' 110 Scale Saturn V Rocket Succesful Launch ' WHO raises pandemic alert level 5, saying all of humanity is under threat. ' Spain Opens Inquiry on Guantnamo ' U.S. planning to cut off Talibans main source of money, the countrys multimilliondollar opium crop, by pouring thousands of troops into provinces that bankroll the group's operations. World Bank finds Israels water policy hard to swallow  The National Newspaper' Hey nice biceps!...When the teenager realised it was Purple Aki, he ran away very frightened and very shaken' Network which used pensioners to smuggle drugs on cruise ships broken up in Spain' Deep in the Amazonian jungle, a rare Indian tribe extends this maternal instinct beyond its own species. In a remote village, shaded by giant trees, the breasts of female humans also feed the urgent lips of hungry baby monkeys.' Aporkalypse Now more swine flu cases reported in New Zealand' They found the kid who licked the pig' Police in the Russian city of St Petersburg were today searching for a rare missing leopard which was stolen yesterday when thieves ambushed a TV producer and drove off in his luxury Mercedes 4x4.' SKorean experts claim to have cloned glowing dogs' Palestinian Embassy was inaugurated in Venezuela' A Palestinian military court condemns a man to death by hanging for treason for selling land to Israelis.' BREAKING NEWS Attack on Dutch Royal family, car tries to hit royal bus at high speed, hits public' The truth behind Egypt's swine killings The real victims of swine flu  Every other important story in the world' 124,687 people were stopped and searched by police under antiterror laws in 2007/2008. Less than 0.06% were arrested for terror offences (UK).' Scientists are baffled by what theyre seeing on the Suns surface ' The Ontario government wants to end Ticketmaster's practice of reselling highpriced tickets through its subsidiary TicketsNow. Jewish prof. equates Israel with Nazisslammed for antiSemitism' North Korea 's concentration camps can be seen on Google The engineer who foiled an attempt to assassinate one of India's richest men has been found, dead. British forces will formally end combat operations in Iraq today' 200 incidents of police brutality at G20, London law firm swamped by complaints. At least 10 cases involve the beating of women.' The recording industry is no longer targeting pirates  they are actually trying to hijack the very fabric of the Internetz.' Swedish Pirate Party gets 5.1% in latest EU poll' Ireland proposes a blasphemy law  ' Three months after Israels war ended, life for Gazans is still dismal' Poor Egyptian Christians farmers riot after swine flu cull  decision criticised as a real mistake by UN food expert' response to swine flu talking heads Yuck. I feel like I have to wash my brain out with bleach.' WHO  As of 1800 GMT, 29 April 2009, nine countries have officially reported 148 cases of swine influenza A/H1N1 infection' Britain Ends Combat Operations in Iraq' Mexico shuts down government in flu fight as WHO warns of pandemic' People try to portray the bridge jumping nonsense as a tradition that goes back for decades.This kind of thing has only been going on for the last 20 to 30 years.' IMF predicts US economy worse than world economy in 2010' ExTiananmen convicts still struggling to survive' [VIDEO] Queensday celebrations in Holland disrupted by violent carcrash, Queen is safe.' France reintroduces threestrikes law, clash with EU likely' But a remarkable thing happened this week. On Monday, 400 of his fellow students, wearing black in solidarity and carrying signs of support, walked out of Keswick High School to rally in protest in front of their school.' Remember that Policeman driving at 90mph in a 30 zone with no sirens who hit & killed the girl? Well, he's in prison now. Ecofascism  Israeli settlers and factories pumping polluted water onto palestinian farmland' She was allowed to be forced to marry before reaching puberty. Now, at the ripe old age of 8, she successfully divorced her 50 year old husband.' The four policemen threw Abu Hamdiya from a jeep moving at high speed after they had abducted, beaten, and abused him, all four policemen were sentenced to serve only between 4.5 to 8.5 years in jail' With the help of software written by a Tiennamen Square veteran, Iranians beat Internet Censorship' Crazy person goes on shooting rampage at university in Baku, Azerbaijan. 12 killed, 13 injured. Bacon Lung news clogging the news outlets obscured this info from yesterday.' So much for full withdrawal Britain wants to get involved in protecting oil supplies from Iraq after its combat role there comes to an end, Prime Minister Gordon Brown said.' When you hear about the H1N1 virus (Swine flu), does it make anyone else want to play Pandemic 2?' Israel 'warns' EU to tone down its criticism The San people of southern Africa is the world's most ancient race Worlds Largest Solar Power Tower Starts Generating in Spain' Surprise Around 50% of surveyed Christians believe torture can be somehow justified.' We all pray this remains sensitive to antivirals. We all hope that vaccines will be developed. The virus doesnt grow very well in eggs.' Killing Women and Children is only a ReBranding issue in Apartheid Israel' Jewish Holocaust museum in Palestine Our message to the Jewish people all over the world is that having been victims of such a brutal genocide, we expect you to be messengers of all the principles of justice, mercy and humanity,' Images leaked from the U.N. show that the Sri Lankan military shelled a nofire zone where over 50,000 civilians are trapped.' Is Oil Worth More Than Blood In Nigeria? The suit seeks to hold Shell accountable for summary executions, crimes against humanity, TORTURE, inhuman treatment and the arbitrary arrest and detention of Nigerians.' Ben Goldacre on Swine Flu and the Media Coverage' A Virologists Perspective on Influenza A(H1N1)' End Palestinian demolitions in Jerusalem, UN tells Israel' Palestinian sets record for longest imprisonment' Ethiopia has arrested 40 members of May 15th, an opposition group led by an EthiopianAmerican professor of economics at Bucknell University; the government says they had planned to assassinate officials and blow up public utilities in a plot to topple the government.' Artwork rejected by the New York Times, including A rather mild portrait of Idi Amin deemed 'too severe' an indictment of the Ugandan tyrant's mass murders of his own people ' Donkey suicide bombing is latest tactic against patrols'