 One of the saddest days in Canadian history  The Senate Committee studying C15, a bill that would bring mandatory minimum prison sentences for marijuana to Canada, has given its approval with minor amendments.' Israels army is recruiting soldiers for a new unit that is waging a virtual public relations battle on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter' Hamas to introduce death penalty in Gaza for drugs' Swiss leader calls for Jewish cemetery ban after ban on Muslim minarets' It was the deadliest industrial accident in history. On Dec. 3, 1984, clouds of poisonous gas leaked from a pesticide factory in Bhopal, India, and were carried on the breeze to nearby slums, killing 4,000 people in one day. Over the next few years, countless more died.' Mandelson declares war on Rupert Murdoch's media empire WTF!? UK police questioning photographers for taking innocent pictures of tourist destinations, landmarks and even a fish and chip shop' Rape victim, age 13, stoned to death for having sexnI could not have picked a more horrifying, tragic example to prove the point of my last three blogs (part 1, part 2, conclusion). WARNING The details that follow are very disturbing.' FIFA to make changes after Thierry Henry handball' Peruvian police force concocts story about criminal gang of human fat smugglers to bury a story that they run a drugrelated death squad' Reform movement for English libel law gathers momentum' Denmark rife with CO2 fraud ' Spate of Maid Suicides Sheds Light on Abuse (Lebanon)...' The World Bank has agreed to loan India $1bn (600m) over the next five years to clean up the Ganges, one of the most polluted rivers in the world' Iranian arms merchant says 'war is coming' Deadly bus explosion in Syria has hit a crowded bus carrying Iranian pilgrims' Honduras `The election was a farce, new regime will not be recognised'  National Resistance Front The research paper from the Italian doc that found the new treatment for Multiple Sclerosis [PDF]' Musk lake is a sarcastic name for the sewerage bit that flooded recently killing 100 person in the second largest Saudi city that has no drainage network although Saudi reaped 2 trillion dollars from oil ' Honduras' Congress overwhelmingly voted against reinstating President Manuel Zelaya, shrugging off international pressure four months after a coup that has isolated one of the poorest countries in the Americas Apartheid in Israel Arabs cannot reside in Jerusalem despite the Arab identity of the city' Mongolia to introduce national, unconditional basic income for all citizens' Iran's state television will ban makeup for women, abnormal music and unruly children, an Iranian newspaper reported' Police forces that name and shame criminals must remove the details from their websites after a month new rules on data protection and human rights' A UN report that's expected to be published in two weeks claims that that Nevadabased company's purchase of minerals looted from eastern Congo is helping to finance a decadelong war that has claimed the lives of millions of civilians Ruins of Pompeii added to Google Street View' A Lost European Culture, Pulled From Obscurity...older then Ancient Greece, or Egypt.' Shitstorm in Spain over proposed law to shut down sites, because of copyright infringement, without a court order.' UK closes X Filesstyle unit No UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat, resources are focused on the top priority  the frontline in Afghanistan' Israel last week We'll freeze settlement expansion. Israel today Let's build 84 more housing units. Iranian Crackdown Goes Global' Cigarette smuggling rises in Canada' Grim fate of injured hunter trapped in well shocks Spain' Settler runs over a Palestinian in front of soldiers [vid]' Thug who stabbed a man five times awarded more compensation than his victim was offered.' Explosion in Russian nightclub 'kills scores' UFO investigations unit closed by Ministry of Defence  In over 50 years, no UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom' Copenhagen Conference Prostitutes Offer Free Climate Summit Sex' Pakistani suicide bombers kill at least 37 inside mosque  ' Mexico City police freed 107 people who were forced to work under slavelike conditions in a clandestine factory making shopping bags and clothing clasps' 'Cavemenrothers inherit a share of a 4 billion fortune. Jews back Muslims on minaret ban... Please, Swiss people you must keep banning all Jew and Islamic things and peace will be achieved!' The kilometrehigh skyscraper, the underwater hotel, the cloud on stilts The Dubai architecture you couldn't make up.n Dubai's ruler writes poetry, rides horses across the desert in and hobnobs with royals like the Queen of England. Mixing extravagance with boundless ambition, he commanded the desert citystate's meteoric rise  and helped sow the seeds, some observers say, of its debt crisis. Google boss Eric Schmidt Newspaper executives looking for someone to blame' Silvio Berlusconi, Italian sex symbol, linked to mafia in court evidence ' Uganda's 'Appalling' AntiHomosexuality Bill' UK's Gordon Brown and Canada's Stephen Harper call the legislation unacceptable, and now Sweden is adding its voice Nepalese ministers are preparing to hold a cabinet meeting on Mount Everest to raise awareness of the effects of climate change.' Fifth of Scots have poor literacy Fifth of Scotch whistles innocently.' Rawalpindi mosque attacks kills 26  Is this Jiahd?' Draw ignites FIFA World Cup fever' Dr David Kelly Legal Action To Prove Weapons Expert Was Murdered' Why switzerland has the lowest crime rate in the world and why it's the least likely to be taken over by a ruthless dictator.....the Sig SG 550! Amanda Knox was found guilty of the Meredith Kercher murder and will spend 26 years in prison' At least 109 people have died following an explosion at a nightclub in the Russian city of Perm' Ottawa boy ordered to shut down his radio station  They said I need a licence, Saad said. I didn't know. I said, 'OK, I'll apply for the licence but I can't shut off the station.'' Canadian climate researchers targetted by hackers breakins at University of Victoria campus' Dubai's burst bubble A stateoftheart metro train system opened in Sept at a cost of $7.6 billion. At 9.30am on a Thursday the station at Dubai airports cavernous Terminal 3 is empty. The train into the city, capable of carrying more than 640 people, has 21 on board  Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. cements ties with Saudi Arabian prince who is also involved with the Carlyle Group. Doctors call for weapons expert's untimely death to be reinvestigated Fire in Russian nightclub kills 109. Video of the start of the blaze.' Amanda Knox Found Guilty' Pentagon emails ask if Canadians are ad guys' Rise in suicides in Saudi Arabia' Italys government rocked by accusations made in court by a Mafia hitman that Berlusconi had made commitments to Sicilys Cosa Nostra' Didn't the North Koreans already handle the China portion of this? Massive protests in UK regarding climate change, trying to be heard at the summit in Copenhagen' Evidence points to cannibalism, human sacrifice at 7,000 yr. old site in Germany' Hanoi is turning into a corrupt executive's vision of Orange County, CA  check out these photos of luxury cars on the streets in a country where GDP is just over $1000/per person for evidence Saudi filmmakers persist in making movies where their work is often branded too racy or unIslamic, and banned' Beast of Kandahar is acknowledge by the Air Force' IEEE Cover Story Securing Power in the Gaza Strip,The Palestinian power plant has endured bombings, embargoes and blockades Can it ever fully power Gaza's grid? Philippines under martial law after brutal massacre' Tens of thousands stage antiBerlusconi protest in Rome' Saudi Arabia Witchcraft and Sorcery Cases on the Rise | Human Rights Watch' Crazy shit going down in the Philippines. 57 people slaughtered, 47 people arrested under martial law, including the leader of a Muslim region. Thousands of troops sent in.' Meet the man who will soon become the first person to walk all the way from the source of the Amazon to its mouth. 'Hardcore' is so inadequate to describe this guy... Mother Theresa was not a friend of the poor. She was a friend of poverty.' Tabloid fearmongering results in self fulfilling prophecy whereby police think there is a law against photography'  A Russian scientist this week said Russia has fallen behind the U.S. in an arms race the race to arm sea mammals, that is. It turns out, the U.S. military does employ teams of dolphins and sea lions to patrol for weapons and intruders'  Top climate scientists share their outlook  This is such a good report and from the Financial Times. I did not expect such quality  and the insights on some of the key climate people is most interesting.' The CIA Given Permission To Access EU Bank Records' for the rape and drugging of a 13 year old girl you are banished to your luxury chalet in the Swiss Alps' Iran Blocks Internet on Eve of Rallies  CBSNews' Greece police repression has turned many of the usually antianarchist media against the ministry... Minister of Public Order has held meetings with the owners of major stations and journals giving them directions on how to broadcast news in the following days' Israeli security agents held a Palestinian patient for three weeks without charge, interrogated him repeatedly and offered access to hospital care if he agreed to become an informant...' Japan Launches Satellite to Spy on N.Korea' The Queen has issued a strong warning to newspapers not to publish paparazzi pictures of the royal family.' Yemen teeters on brink of failure  latimes.com' So now the US wants Holland to stay in Afghanistan the Dutch Approach is suddenly the way to go. Have you ever heard of it?' A new report finds that the World Bank is not doing enough to protect indigenous rights under its mechanism to reduce emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (REDD). ' Riots break out in Greece' Philippines  Martial law declared in massacre province' ...And the fallout from the Swiss minaret ban continues. Now Iran is superpissed.' China pays web surfers to find porn' Jonathon Porritt, one of Gordon Browns leading green advisers, is to warn that Britain must drastically reduce its population if it is to build a sustainable society.' KABULThe Taliban said in a statement Saturday it would provide a legal guarantee that they would not intervene in foreign countries if international troops withdraw from Afghanistan.' 14 killed in clashes in Mexico' Exarmy chiefs testify about alleged Turkish coup plot' Global warming solutions are hurting indigenous people, says U.N.' Tomorrow 56 newspapers in 45 countries take the unprecedented step of speaking with one voice through a common editorial.' While Warner, Sony BMG, EMI and Universal are dragging filesharers to court for copyright infringements, they are themselves facing up to $60 billion in damages for the same offenses.' UK economy to drop out of world's top 10 Iran's old slogans  Slogans that Iranians used 30 years ago to call for an end to the Shah's regime are now thrown back at the Islamic regime which replaced it. Lesbians getting the 'gay' raped out of them. Evo Morales wins landslide victory (63%) in Bolivian presidential elections, bolstering his efforts to empower the country's indigenous majority under a socialist banner Palestinian fury over evictions ' History is full of leaders who cannot bear the result of their portraiture. When nearly all the worlds leaders were in NY for a meeting of the UN, Platon, a photographer for The New Yorker, tried to hustle as many of them in front of his lens as possible.n' Average speed cameras installed in neighbourhoods  for the first time, tracking drivers for a distance in  order to eliminate the tactic of slowing down for  speed cameras and then speeding up' MARG BAR DIKTATOR!! Students protest against the government of Iran' Ireland's top Roman Catholic leaders will hold talks with Pope Benedict this week to formulate the Vatican's response to an Irish government report on a 30year coverup of sexual abuse of children by priests. The North Korean Army is on standby and ready to quell any protests against last week's drastic currency reform. Three weeks after the shooting, Sri Lanka's army chief General Sarath Fonseka was reported as saying the military had to overlook traditional rules of war and kill Tamil Tiger rebels who had come under white flags to surrender. Yukos comes back to bite Putin international law at work (for once)' 97% of climatologists believe in anthropogenic global warming, but many redditors disagree. Isn't this like evolution vs creationism all over again, except with dire consequences if we're wrong? IranAfter the election the chants were only about people getting their votes back, but now it is more about the system and leaders themselves  ' Nicolas Cage has been given an award for his humanitarian work by the United Nations Global Citizen of the Year' Minerals at heart of Congo's latest war Previously, only the US and Japan had produced 10 million cars in a single year. Now, China joined the rank.' UK ministers accused of lying to the parliament in an attempt to cover up Britain's role in the socalled extraordinary rendition of two men captured in Iraq and sent to Afghanistan for interrogation Tehran University cordoned off, arrests made on day of student protests all over the country. (Google translate from Farsi)' Police in Greece clash with rioting protesters as thousands marched in Athens to mark the death of a teenager' Bolivian President Evo Morales easily won his second fiveyear term, solidifying the revolution he promises to bring to the country's longoppressed indigenous majority Blair was urged by senior British officer to delay Iraq invasion because postwar planning was woefully thin' Thousands of people protested to demand that the army leave Mexico's most violent city, accusing troops of provoking a surge in drugwar killings and running protection rackets Remember Tony Blair's 45minute WMD claim? He got it from a taxi driver' ...the record industries could use songs as long as  they pinky swore they would get authorization and  pay the artist for it eventually. And yet individual  downloaders are sued for millions of dollars.' The US cash behind Israeli extremist settlers IRS records identified 28 US charitable groups that made a total of $33.4m in taxexempt contributions' Thieves in Brazil have stolen more than $6m while everybody watched a soccer game' Car bombs cause carnage in Baghdad at least 101 killed and 182 wounded' Copenhagen climate conference in disarray following leak of document that would effectively mean 'screw you 3rd world' Has Anyone Read the Copenhagen Agreement?  The aim is to give a new as yet unnamed U.N. body the power to directly intervene in the financial, economic, tax and environmental affairs of all the nations that sign the Copenhagen treaty.' EU proposes twocapital Jerusalem' 83% of Mexicans support using the Mexican army to fight drug traffickers; only 30% want U.S. forces deployed to Mexico to fight drug traffickers.' Hacked email climate scientists receive death threats' Four car bombs exploded in Baghdad in quick succession, killing at least 101 and 182 injured' $100,000 dinosaur robot stolen from Mexico exhibition' Judge accuses 3 Pinochet associates of poisoning former Chilean president Eduardo Frei with low doses of mustard gas and thallium. ' Afghanistan's president has warned that it will take 15 years before it is able to pay for the costs of maintaining its own security forces Mongolians Damages Great Wall of China' Afghanistan 'unable to pay for own troops for 15 years' This is number 1,789, or thereabouts, in my long running series, What the hell is going on in this country?' Israel's justice minister starts process of Talibanization Religious Law Must Become Binding, the Torah contains ''a complete solution to all the things we are dealing with'' Fundamentalists block entire Paris streets by praying, preventing the inhabitants of the area from going out or returning to their homes, the shopkeepers from working, and ordinary citizens from circulating normally.' Karzai Says Afghan Army Will Need Help Until 2024.' Series of coordinated attacks  including three carrigged bombs striking near government sites  killing 112 people and wounding 197 in Baghdad.' The International Court of Justice (ICJ) is holding hearings examining whether Kosovo's declaration of independence was legal, with Russia and the U.S. arguing from opposite sides of the table. A Chinese woman managed to enter Japan illegally by having plastic surgery to alter her fingerprints, thus fooling immigration controls, police claim.' Uganda Cholera, Yellow Fever, Ebola, Plague On the Rise' Afghan Drug Lords and Corrupt Officials Smuggling Millions To Dubai' BBC Investigation shows how much of a ripoff Cash4Gold is' Three Irish women are challenging the Irish antiabortion law in the European Court of Human Rights.' Mystery as spiral blue light display hovers above  Norway' Czech Govt Allows 5 Cannabis Plants For Personal Use From 2010' A photographer was stopped by a squad of seven officers who pulled up in three cars and a riot van (nanny state)' 66%  of Saudi girls are beaten, 33%  are tortured with hot irons, not much  has changed since their old habit of  burying them alive ' Pakistan President has assets beyond his means of $1.5 billion' European America's favourite insult  Supertax on bank bonuses why the heck not?' Venezuela  Students shot while protesting for basic services in the country. One dead.' Half of all journalists jailed around the world worked online as bloggers, reporters, or Web editors. Most of them are freelancers with little or no institutional support.' Landowner stunned to find 1,000 yr. old anchor while draining his land to plant potatoes on Scotland's Isle of Skye. A brave step forward, a respected Arab human rights body calls out Arab states abuses.' Copenhagen talks in disarray after draft leak' Surprise, the world is stable! the appropriate response to claims that America is about to collapse or conquer the world... is a bored yawn.' Blair 'was told Iraq had disarmed  but still went to  war' Justice Israeli High Court Denies Palestinian Student's Petition to Finish University Iran shows again why it's the leader in human rights.  Rio and So Paulo police together kill more than 1,000 people every year says human rights watch. In our society the poor become homo sacer.' Second stalled wheel may doom Mars rover' Vast waves attract Hawaii surfers  Hang 11' Argentine president feuds with media conglomerate  What's behind Argentina's attempt to decentralize the media? A student in Ukraine died after his jaw was blown off reportedly by exploding chewing gum.n' Tradition! For 40 minutes, they trampled the bellowing, groaning bull, tried to break its neck by wrenching its head around by the horns, pulled its tongue out, stuffed sand in its mouth and even tried to tie its penis in a knot.' UK proposes 50% tax on banker bonuses' China's empty city, built for no reason other than to maintain an 8% growth rate! Madness! [VID] Russia confirmed that it was one of their missiles that was observed over northern Norway yesterday, launched from a nuclear submarine and built to carry nuclear warheads' Swedish Pirate Party Proposes Internet Bill of Rights in the European Parliament and wants your suggestions' Please let the world know Supreme Court maintains censorship of the press in Brazil' More girls in India are refusing to become child brides Despite a 2006 law banning the ageold practice, most parents in rural India still want to marry off their daughters before the legal age of 18.' Scotland to abolish Double Jeopardy rules.' Egypt building underground metal wall to curb smuggling into Gaza' What really matters is not minarets, but that we all, Muslims included, commit to the essentials of a free society' Greece Riot police that gave elderly woman brain injuries visits her at hospital, says it was accident. After beating her, he had also attacked doctor who tried to give her first aid.' Norwegian fisherman says he was nearly hit by the Russian failmissile while at sea' UK's richest man could make more than 1bn from carbon trading scheme Venezuela workers have now taken over the [rice packaging] company and made it 100% operative...  they showed that they dont need a capitalist manager to advance in the production of food' Afghanis are not exactly in agreement with the Nobel Committe and with Obama that he is the person deserving a Nobel Peace Prize.  Here are a few comments from Afghanistan...' Pakistani police 5 Americans have alQaida link' Somali bomber 'was from Denmark' Report Nigerian police killing civilians' Brazil police 'kill 11,000 in six years' U.K. government urges businesses Label products from settlements ' Old news, but worth the read Rio's drug wars by The Guardian. Despite the growth in world food production, fears of a food crisis remain very high because population growth has outstripped food production in the poorer half of the world population.' India to form new southern state' Britain taxes bank bonuses' Britain cut out of key decisions on Iraq says MI6 chief ' Copenhagen Summit developing nations warn of failure without US reverse' Membership for the Balkans Brussels Paves Way for Next EU Expansion ' Israeli minister has announced there will be 10,000 new settlers in the occupied West Bank over the next 10 months' A man who was jailed for rape after going to the aid of a drunken teenager in Edinburgh has been declared a victim of a miscarriage of justice' Jewish settlers are suspected of being behind an attack on a mosque in the north of the occupied West Bank.' Uganda just doesn't understand human rights This  whole concept of human rights grates my nerves. It  has made people unafrican, mean and self centered. One can now shamelessly stand up and  tell you I do as I please. You have no business in  my affairs.'  Argentina might become the first Latin American country to legalize gay marriage' UK food labels are set to distinguish between goods from Palestinians in the occupied territories and produce from Israeli settlements' From snapshot to Special Branch how my camera made me a terror suspect' Is the Chinese government secretly buying hundreds of thousands of cars and parking them somewhere? While auto sales are strong in China, gasoline sales are flat. ' Furious over a confiscatory currency reform, citizens of the world's most repressive state have begun publicly criticizing their government' Congolese government soldiers, who had been supplied with ammunition and food by United Nations peacekeepers, killed hundreds of civilians, gangraped girls and even cut the heads off some young men.' New state in India' Japan's 9/11 Victims to Press for Criminal Investigation of 9/11n UK and US talked of toppling Saddam in 2001' Dutch man reports theft of ecstasy pill collection' Turkey's top court has closed the only proKurdish party in parliament for having links to PKK Kurdish rebels. The EU had warned that banning the party would violate Kurdish rights and might jeopardize Turkey's bid for membership. A poor boy in Africa drops out of school due to poverty. Builds a windmill at age 14. Garners international attention.' Britain's libel laws under attack Woman faces witchcraft charge in fraud case (in Canada!)' US judge declares Swiss banker, lawyer fugitives, both accused of helping rich Americans evade taxes by hiding assets in Swiss banks' Iranian state media attempts to humiliate jailed student activist by releasing picture of him wearing a female headscarf' Cairo is covertly constructing an underground steel barrier along the 13kmborder with Gaza to cut smuggling into the Strip' Swiss businessman has built a muslim minaret on his company building in protest of his fellow citizens recent referendum decision to ban minarets' North Korea agrees nuclear 'cooperation' with US US Marines train Afghan new police illiterate young farmers with no formal training who had been plucked off the streets only weeks before' Innocent Guantnamo Torture Victim Fouad alRabiah Is Released In Kuwait (But the worst part about this story is that the mainstream media has buried it.)' If you buy into the Many Worlds Intepretation of quantum physics, there must be a parallel universe in which I crossed the US/Canada border ... In that other timeline I was not punched in the face, peppersprayed, shitkicked, handcuffed, thrown wet and halfnaked into a holding cell ...' Official The remains of Adolf Hitler were burned in 1970 by Soviet KGB agents and thrown into a river in Germany' Tony Blair admits I would have invaded Iraq  anyway' Dr Peter Watts, Canadian science fiction writer, beaten and arrested at US border' Swiss shoeshop owner builds mock minaret to defy ban' While they're trying to pass a law making it legal to kill gays, Uganda has passed another law banning female circumcision... Blair Iraq War was right even if there were no WMDs' For those of you who don't know Sudan is still fucked Free speech? Not in Canada... At the Winter Olympics in February officials will be patrolling city streets and venues, scouring for anythingpeople, protests, postersdeemed antiOlympics in order to protect the Olympic message ' Why I believe Blair should stand trial  and even face charges for war crimes, by General Sir Michael Rose.' On Dec. 1, two British High Court judges, Lord Justice Laws and Mr. Justice Owen, dealt what looked like the final blows to the British governments policies of imprisoning terror suspects without charge or trial on the basis of secret evidence ' BBC report on US marines operation Angry Cobra in Afghanistan. Strangely reminiscent of reports from Vietnam' The Considerate Taliban  12 news reports of separate air strike incidents since the start of the year in which the number of Taliban or insurgent casualties was reported to be 30, in most cases citing US military officials.... Not 29, not 31.... Thirty.' US Iraq jail an 'alQaeda school' Iranian men don hijabs in protest at student's arrest Copenhagen climate summit issue that no one dares to talk about.' Turkeys political elite is obsessed with joining the European Union. But senior players in the EU  in a rare moment of clarity amid their delusional fantasies of a federal Europe  are reluctant to let in a country which is increasingly hard to distinguish from the rest of the Islamic world.' Iraq awards international companiesnwith contracts to develop 10 of its oilfields.  See how it stacked up.' Journalist threated by UN Police and People who don't want Climategate questioned. British toff Lord Monckton confronts climate change Hitler Youth.  ' Officially sanctioned Islamic sharia court to be established in Wales  The principle of one law for all is now dead' Man jailed over Baby P death attacked in prison' FARC guerrilla leader 'Ivan Marquez' has an office in Caracas, Venezuela according to Ecuador's Truth and Transparency Commission. Pieces of old Paris, from lamp post to 40 iron steps from Eiffel Tower going on auction block' Tony Blair attacked over Iraq war 'justification' Im sorry but we had to blow up your  laptop.  What.all my client case  notes and testimony, writing, pictures,  music and applications. Years of work.  (graphic pictures)' Patrick Stewart 'People would never believe my father could be responsible for these things' Tony Blair's admission that Britain would have backed the Iraq war even if he knew it did not have weapons of mass destruction sparked outrage Sunday and calls for his prosecution for war crimes. (Few calls for Bush to be prosecuted in the US!)' Nearly 1,000 arrested in Copenhagen at protest rally  mostly preventative arrests.' Critics said the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq said was driven by oil, but United States oil majors were largely absent from an Iraqi auction of oil deals snapped up instead by Russian, Chinese and other firms.' UK gov't scientist and UN weapons inspector David Kelly, who ppposed Iraq invasion was murdered, say six top doctors Hundreds of Iranian men uploaded facebook pictures of themselves as women, dressed in Hijab, to protest a student's imprisonment. Berlusconi suffers broken nose, 2 broken teeth after attack at rally in Milan' Report 968 protesters in Copenhagen  are now detained after a mass rally to demand an ambitious global climate pact' A deterioration of Asian security may force Australia to develop it's first nuclear weapons ever. France to resume lack box' hunt Italy is to introduce legislation that will make it illegal for girls under 18 to have breast enhancement or other plastic surgery' Zimbabwe President Mugabe reelected as ZANUPF leader' AntiMuslim graffiti found on French mosque Police say assailants have scrawled a Nazi slogan and hung pig feet on a mosque in southern France.' Briton Mohammed Ezzouek, a victim of rendition from Kenya to Somalia, says UK agents were complicit in his torture' Learn From Vietnam No Winning In Afghanistan' 'The last time I was in the Tardis was in 1966.' There was a slight pause, and he said 'I wasn't even born then.'  Italy's PM Silvio Berlusconi punched in the face about time!! Widespread oil theft by drug traffickers deals major blow to Mexico's government  washingtonpost.com Santa Claus banned from visiting lockedup children in UK asylum detention centre' Political turmoil built today over the burning of an image of Iran's revolutionary founder, which was aired, in a controversial move, on state television Six injured in latest Hong Kong acid attack' COPENHAGEN a pivotal economic showdown between the U.S. and China' I Could Use a Job With the US Federal Government! ' Billionaire tycoon set to win most votes in Chile's presidential election. Runoff expected. Copenhagen Climate Talks SUSPENDED, In Chaos, As Countries Walk Out Of The Conference' Italy  Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi punched in the face, left bleeding from the mouth' Cleaners 'worth more to society' than bankers The Arab Gandhi is near death in a hunger strike against the illegal occupation of her homeland' Power to the masses! The Australian Government has released a discussion paper which briefly summarises the key arguments for and against an R 18+ classification for computer games, and is seeking input from the public.' Three Americans who were holidaying in Iraq and hiked into Iran by accident are to face trial. Swiss diplomats are helping them. ' Drone strikes could be coming soon to major cities in Pakistan, not just in the country's hinterland British Airways Christmas strike  Thank you! I will never fly with you again! ' Czech Republic is the Netherlands of Eastern Europe. Legal prostitution, lowest religiosity in Europe and now legal pot! Long live esk Republika!' In Russia a bank robber hypnotized tellers into giving her over $80,000.' Dubai got a $10 billion lifeline from oilrich Abu Dhabi to save one of its prized companies from imminent default ' Berlusconi has fractured nose, broken teeth from attack with replica Cathedral.' In Afghanistan, the number of... Taliban &lt; foreign troops &lt; private security contractors &lt; Afghan army & police ' Odd news unmarked vehicles operated by foreigners using falsified registration numbers keep getting stopped in Pakistan, and the US consulate keeps bailing them out.' British court issued Gaza arrest warrant for former Israeli minister Tzipi Livni' Italy Bans Breast Enlargement for Girls Under 18, Berlusconi not happy.' U.K. no longer vacation destination for ISRAELI war criminals. British court issues arrest warrant against Israeli opposition leader for role in GAZA massacre.' Arrest warrant issued in London against Israeli War Criminal Tzipi Livni' Can we call this thug a torture expert  with exceptional torture skills?' Poor nations threaten walkout at Copenhagen if developed countries try to strongarm them' More than 1,400 civilians were deliberately killed this year in eastern Congo and the presence of 19,000 United Nations peacekeepers did not stop the slaughter. Bloodshed has been fueled by ethnic tensions, competing commercial interests, land disputes and regional politics.' Russian Interior Minister Ordinary citizens have the right to defend themselves against police officers who launch illegal attacks on them' Obama Administration tip off Thai officials to major North Korea arm smuggling cargo plane, Thais seize tons of weapons' Outraged Brits want Blair prosecuted for war crimes' Israel, especially under the hardline nationalist government of Benjamin Netanyahu, has begun to overreact almost systematically to the perceptible erosion of international support for its irredentist claims on the West Bank.' US oil tycoons think they are 'entitled' to Iraq's oil fields, assume invasion was launched on their behalf. Israeli newspaper Extremist Israeli rabbi who excuses killing nonJewish babies is being funded by US tax dollars.' Amnesty International called on Saudi Arabia on Monday to stay a sentence of 40 lashes against a 75yearold woman for breaching a sex segregation law. She was in the company of two men who were not close relatives. The men are also to be flogged. ' Girl, 15, sentenced to eight years over bullying death of Rosimeiri Boxall ' Italian student tells of arrest while filming for fun (big brother nanny state)' China bans individual web domain names and has launched a review of millions of existing personal websites in the toughest government censorship drive so far on the internet' We can forgive our long dead ancestors for starting this war, but we can in no way forgive those who press for its continuation. (a quote from an excellent site) ' Never mind Copenhagen, an environmental catastrophe is going on right now  contaminated water is poisoning babies in Gaza' Angry settlers beat and seriously injured a female Israeli police officer Tuesday, police said, as she tried to enforce a government ban on new housing construction in Jewish West Bank settlements.' Simon Singh,The noted science writer considers his forthcoming libel action and the campaign to reform England's libel laws 50,000 Residents flee as Philippines volcano threatens to erupt' Israel fury over British war crimes warrant for Tzipi Livni ' Queen of England's husband mocks man blinded in bomb attack UK ponders law change after Tzipi Livni arrest warrant' Green light for internet filter plans.  ISP level internet censorship plan for Australia.  Material to be censored determined by conservativechristian lobby group.  ' Fidel Castro says US on offensive' yikes... what a vile piece of drumbeating propaganda in a major newspaper. World War Three coming?' Bangladesh government to encourage singlechild families' The Deaths of Two young Kashmiri women has ignited violent protests. One side says they were raped and murdered. The police say they drowned in ankle deep water.  ' Another Mexican reporter seeks asylum in U.S. after getting death threats' Sarkozy fights Google over classic books' Kim Jong Il Concerned citizens want the notorious leader of North Korea tried at the ICC.' 13yrold Simpokolwe My stepfather ordered me to quit school and get married to a 77yearold man because he said I was too old for standard four. I refused, and told him I wanted to continue with my education. ' Antileak guide gets leaked on to the internet, they  said it was unleakable' US to expand drone attacks into Pakistani cities' Internet search giant Google has come out in opposition to the Federal Government's push to introduce mandatory ISP filtering. The official Bishop for the British armed forces would just like to apologize for expressing his admiration for the Taliban' Iran's jails An inside view  Tehran's most notorious prison may be better but abuses have been reported in new jails Vietnam signs billiondollar contracts to buy submarines and fighter jets from Russia' Putting the 'warack into drug war Attacks by Mexican drug cartels are being likened to a military campaign I've lost my world and I've lost my religion  former Iranian Basij militia member who witnessed killings and tried to stop rapes during the uprising that followed the disputed Presidential election' Im not a traitor. Im a man with a conscience who did what he did out of a deep belief after much thought and many doubts. I knew I had to do it, I had no choice. Somebody had to do it. I contributed my share by making public what the public ought to know & they shut my mouth behind the prison walls.' Israeli Police Officer Beaten, Seriously Injured By  Settlers' BBC's Have Your Say Should homosexuals face  execution? Some of these comments are fucking  disgusting.' Britain's former spy chief, Sir John Scarlett, misled the Iraq inquiry by exaggerating the reliability of crucial claims about Saddam Hussein's ability to launch weapons of mass destruction, according to the leading Ministry of Defence expert  We don't do body counts. Gen Tommy Franks on Iraqi civilian deaths' Woman raped and assaulted by police in Australia  ''Just get dressed. You can get us into a lot of  trouble for this.'' This map plots every road death in Great Britain from 19992008  use it to search for accidents by postcode or police authority.' Alejandra Maria Torres stands topless on a street after being beaten, doused with petrol and set on fire during a lynching in Guatemala City. So far this year 219 people have been lynched.' Turkey finds 39 leftists guilty after 28year trial' Priest jailed for three years for sexually abusing an altar boy ' Climate summit President resigns after secret negotiating text prepared by rich countries leaked' Jewish school broke race relations legislation by restricting its admissions' UK to review war crimes warrants after Tzipi Livni  arrest row' Net filter will restrict euthanasia info Nitschke' Geologist denies creating earthquakes during experiments' Oh fuck  Multiple electrical failures cause car to get stuck in cruise control, In wrong lane, at 60mph on freeway. Driver could not change gear, break, or turn off ignition.' Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu condemns British for Livni arrest warrantn' In the family way  Some developing countries have failed to follow the broader demographic transition to lower fertility levels that has occurred in past decades in the western world.' A simple plan for victory in Afghanistan...' Hugo Chavez If Climate Were Bank, U.S. Would Have Saved It' Two British soldiers in Afghanistan sacrificed their lives preventing Taliban suicide attack in marketplace' Brazil boy found with 40 needles in lack magic rite'  arrest made Scientists crack entire genetic code of two of the most common cancers' Indians banned from entering first Haagen Dazs outlet in India.' Israeli FM 'AntiIsrael is the new antiSemitism.'  How did he pack all of that wrong in one short sentence?  UK Father jailed for minimum of 22 years for murder of his 15yearold daughter who ran away to live with man from different Islamic sect. It was a matter of honor. ' Reg Keys, who ran against Tony Blair as an independent candidate, and who lost his son in the war, explains in BBC interview why Tony Blair *is* a war criminal.' Obama told China I can't stop Israel strike on Iran for much longer Yemen claims to have killed up to 30 al Qaeda militants, including 8 wouldbe suicide bombers. As well as fighting al Qaeda militants, the Arab world's poorest country is battling a separate Shi'ite rebellion in the north and separatist unrest in the south. In September 2008 Ecuador became the first country in the world to declare constitutional rights to nature, thus codifying a new system of environmental protection' Globalization South Korea's Daewoo Logistics has a 99year lease on 3.2 million acres of farmland on the dirtpoor tropical island of Madagascar Egypt is building an underground barrier with Gaza and said it was a sovereign right that would increase pressure on the enclave's Hamas rulers.' The BBC suffered criticism from lawmakers  Wednesday for inviting debate on whether  homosexuals should be killed' Canada on climate change  Harper's government is content to follow the U.S. on climate change policy Vet puts out plea to catch dog owner who inflicted the worst injuries he'd ever seen.  Attack stopped only when a passerby intervened and the owner ran off. Climategate goes SERIAL now the Russians confirm that UK climate scientists manipulated data to exaggerate global warming ' Livni arrest warrant  We face a choice  Apply international law or treat it as the farce it has become  Financial Times ' Japan unveils massive package to fight climate change' Brazil Votes to Accept Venezuela into Mercosur' Irish MP lets off some steam' At 1.4 bn, India's population to surpass China's by 2025 US Census Why An Agreement In Copenhagen Could Make Things Worse' Tzipi Livni arrest warrant provokes BritainIsrael diplomatic row   Telegraph' Successful prosecutions for racist, religious,  homophobic and disabilityrelated crimes in the UK  have gone up from 8% to 82% in four years' Uninsured American living in Japan sees a doctor ...when I get 3 prescriptions filled in 5 minutes and they are SORRY they have to charge me a whopping 30 bucks for it, and I see people back home paying many times that, I have to wonder how we're managing to do things just this wrong.' Greece in revolt All media on 24h strike. No news broadcasts on radio, TV or internet. Almost 60% of police may quit jobs if they have to wear identifying insignia. Strikers have occipied broadcasting headquarters of ERT3, the Salonica state channel.' 1,420 Palestinians killed, 446 of them children, 5,320 injured, 1,855 of them children, 4,000 houses destroyed, 16,000 houses damaged,  ' Iran seizes oil well in southern Iraq? Here we go again.' More than 70 air strikes conducted by Saudi warplanes over the past 24 hours.' Former French president Jacques Chirac indicted for embezzlement! ' Israel shuts down all commercial crossings with Gaza and armored vehicles raze agricultural lands' Rich countries cheating the rest of the world Confidential UN Document' The infamous sign at the entrance of Auschwitz has been stolen' At age 45, after giving birth to 13 children in her village of thatch roofs and bare feet, Beatrice Adongo made a discovery that startled her birth control.' Remember that Irish co. Steorn, that claimed to have built a working perpetual motion machine that could produce clean, free energy out of a few magnets and some plastic discs? Well, they're back again! Mohammad Ajmal Kasab, the only gunman captured alive in last years Mumbai attacks that killed more than 160 people, today unexpectedly retracted his confession about his role in the attacks.' North Korean hackers may have stolen US war plans The plan allowed for the deployment of 700,000 US troops in the event of a fullscale war' 3 years only for stealing $ 242 million, who wouldn't do that  The American Right Gets Crazy With Chavez Speech in Copenhagen When he said there was a silent and terrible ghost in the room and that ghost was called capitalism, the applause was deafening.' The impunity of Israel and its allies will carry a price' Tulay Goren was killed in 1999 for living with her boyfriend whom her family disapproved of because he was from a different branch of Islam. Today, her father, Mehmet Goren was given a life sentence with a minimum of 22 years' US Jewish groups have raised US $750,000 to fly Last Yemeni Jews out of the country, in a programme initiated by the State Department but a Rabbi wants free flights to America to stop' George Monbiot Copenhagen was not about saving the biosphere it was just a matter of saving face. A clearer and less destructive treaty than the text that emerged would be a sheaf of blank paper, which every negotiating party solemnly sits down to sign.' Mexican army burns massive pot field, conducts operations against drug lords.' Statesponsored terrorism Leader of loyalist terror gang part of the British security forces' intelligence services for years All hell breaking loose in Greece!' The sole surviving gunman in last year's Mumbai attacks says he was framed and that the guy in the pics holding an AK47 is just a look alike! Man gets angry, sprays racist graffiti saying 'fucking niggas', said he was going to 'take back the towny killing blacks then went off and murdered a black teenager was apparently not motivated by racism but just 'anger and frustration' So you call yourself Jewish? ' Prague TV Tower  World's Largest Spherical  Panorama (18 Gigapixel!!) + MegaZoom Identifying Israel as a racist, warmongering apartheid state is no longer a radical view, shared mainly by antiSemites and Arab lovers  it has become the mainstream opinion.' Portugal has drawn up a proposal to allow gay marriage' Copenhagen fails! No binding agreement. No Emission Reduction Targets. Sigh (' Vancouver goes Draconian over Olympics' Thieves steal Auschwitz's Work Sets You Free sign' Israel gets billions in aid, again. How about  some Never Again!?' Bones of Medieval women found in a village abandoned in 1400s during the Black Death prove the legends of large, well muscled women from there to be true.' Iran's hardline judiciary acknowledged for the first time Saturday that at least three prisoners detained after June's disputed presidential election were beaten to death by their jailers Colombia to build new military base on Venezuelan border' Israeli doctors give sight to blind Gaza babyn' Palestinians fire on Egyptians building tunnel barrier on Gaza border' The Palestinians were not the ones who slaughtered the Jews of Eastern Europe, yet they are the ones being slaughtered today by the Zionists. The FACT that this is denied by so many people is  sickening. ' Thousands of international solidarity activists will take part in the Gaza Freedom March to end Israel's blockade' Four Eurostar trains stuck in Channel tunnel' Iran acknowledges prisoners were beaten to death ' Israelis move to seize a beautiful building built by a Palestinian entrepreneur and given to the custody of the Belgian government when he and his family fled Jerusalem in fear for their lives.' Trains stuck in Channel  Four trains have broken down in the Channel Tunnel due to cold weather, as snow is expected to cause further disruption in parts of Britain.' Smugglers along the border of Egypt and the Gaza Strip will continue moving goods through tunnels despite the recent construction of an underground wall.' Bolivia seizes land from owner of opposition TV network' Nigeria rebels attack oil pipeline, putting a twomonth truce with the government in doubt' Beate Arnestad, director of the documentary film, My daughter the terrorist, in an interview with CNN. The film follows 2 young, Catholic female LTTE fighters and the final end of the war. One point they would manicure their nails, same time polishing the weapons.' London 'damagedy bonus tax, Barclays chief meows Rwanda  Population Growth Raises Concerns' The Ugly CanadiannnThe deep well of affection and respect around the world that Canada has drawn on for decades has been slowly poisoned by the Harper government' Sarah Palin kicked out of hospital fundraiser in  Canada. Palin has said that Canada needs to  dismantle its public healthcare system and allow  private enterprise to get involved and turn a profit' General Electric is using England's draconian libel laws to silence a doctor who discovered one of their products, Omniscan, is crippling and even killing patients. 'A young woman walks into a bar, drinks too much and carelessly flirts with the man next to her. He follows her and rapes her. The jurors mutter that she has no one to blame but herself. She is more than just an idiot.' In rape cases, 'no' means 'no' to everyone except the British juries! Drug giant GE Healthcare uses UK libel law to gag doctor Some kidney patients at his hospital contracted a potentially deadly condition after being administered the drug Omniscan' George Orwell put fish and chips first among the home comforts that helped keep the masses happy and averted revolution.' Catalan Parliament passes landmark vote to ban bullfighting' UK Unable to Stop Female Genital Mutilation...' Police expect Mumbaistyle terror attack on City of London' Peter Tatchell is standing down as a Green party parliamentary candidate after assaults by Robert Mugabe's thugs and Russian neoNazis. Iran claims that oil field its troops took over yesterday belongs to them because it's on their side of the Iraq border. Bush shoe protester says worldwide fame has still  left him a poor man' Israel harvested organs off dead Palestinians, says  former head of Israel's Abu Kabir forensic institute  Teenager found on fire in Leeds street, UK' China plans world's fastest train service on Dec 26 Five years after scrapping its trials, Monsanto calculates that the time is now ripe for GM wheat to make a comeback' Food for sex rampant in Sri Lankan refugee camps, says British medic' Philippines raises volcano alert as eruption nears' Uighurs seeking asylum deported to China' The glorious state of Israel, run by the chosen people of god (tm), forces Palestinians to act as spies in exchange for medical treatment' With a small elite enjoying a decent lifestyle and a majority being excluded from it, the Earth can sustain six billion people. For everyone to have adequate mobility, food and selfdevelopment, then it is one or two billion.' Antillean islands used for spying Chavez' Egypt  Two MB students remain in detention despite courts decision' Steps to create an IsraelPalestinenA onestate solution in the area is not as farfetched as it might seem.' Iran officials on murder charges over inmates' deaths Sri Lankan guards 'sexually abused girls' in Tamil refugee camp Israel admits harvesting Palestinian organs' The day the music won. Simon Cowell defeated by Rage Against the Machine in UK Christmas chart ' Israel's chief Rabbi today said settler terrorism in the West Bank reminded him of the Nazi Kristallnacht against the Jews. BBC News  Police in Poland find sign stolen from Auschwitz gate' Fidel Castro The truth about what happened at Copenhagen' Hugo Chavez has accused the U.S. of violating Venezuela's airspace with an unmanned spy plane, and ordered his military to be on alert and shoot down any such aircraft in the future. Israel admits harvesting Palestinian organs' There is no investment in development that costs so little and brings benefits that are so farreaching and enormous.' USAID Understaffed and overwhelmed in Afghanistan' Grand Ayatollah Montazeri From the beginning of the revolution, we have been chanting slogans of independence, liberty, Islamic republic. The complaint I have is why the slogans we have been chanting since then haven't been fulfilled. May he be granted in death what he was denied in life.' Thousands of Maoist protesters in Nepal enforce the second day of their nationwide general strike, shouting antigovernment slogans and paralyzing much of the country as businesses remain shuttered and vehicle traffic almost nonexistent in the capital, Katmandu.' Dear World Leaders,  This relationship isn't working out. Its time for us to explore other government opportunities. We've tried to make it work. But it's not us  it's you (really).   Saudi air strikes kill 54 civilians Yemen rebels' Tens of thousands of Iranian mourners turned the funeral procession of the country's most senior dissident cleric into an antigovernment protest Monday, chanting death to the dictator and slogans in support of the opposition amid heavy security.' Steadicam, One long shot, 5 min 20 seconds with no editing. Robert Carlyle ' What became of Romania's neglected orphans? Israel admits to organ thefts' Chavez accuses U.S. of sending spy plane into Venezuela's airspace Man handles 5,000 worth of stolen goods. Fined 3.2m and faces 10 years in prison. How is such a fine justified?' Why does Pakistan hate the United States?  By Christopher Hitchens' O Martin! Where are thou? Despite all you did 400 years ago, Simony continues. ' Guerrillas take to government  Onetime rebels now hold key political positions across Latin America.' Remembering a truly great man Montazeri demonstrated that no one, even a charismatic and powerful man such as Ayatollah Khomeini, could influence him when it came to defending the truth. He showed that power meant nothing to him if it came at the expense of defending the rights of the oppressed.' Italian town where a White Christmas is a police matter. On orders from the local council, controlled by the conservative Northern League, police have been carrying out housetohouse searches for illegal immigrants in an action dubbed Operation White Christmas.' Britain accuses China over climate talks  report' Laura Dekker, a 13 year old girl who ran away from her Dutch home because Dutch courts would not let her sail around the world has been found in the Caribbean' This is why Zionism is racism Jerusalem Mayor Barkat has rejected the recommendation of professionals for a wellbaby clinic for  some 100,000 Arabicspeaking residents but the 7,000 Israelis will receive the baby clinic ' Mexico City becomes the first city in Latin America to legalize samesex marriage' Secret neoNazi documents published 11 membership lists about to go online (Wikileaks asking for volunteers with database skills to be able to expand fields and dumping to text)' BBC News  Iranian crowd stops execution and frees convicts' Israel to seek another 1b euros Holocaust in reparations from Germany (The gift that keeps giving...)' [Priest] said his advice did not contradict the Bibles eighth commandment, not to steal, saying Gods love for the poor and despised outweighed the property rights of the rich.' State Terrorists' dilemma, the woman is a Mossad agent accompanied by a guard assigned, not for her safety but to keep her mouth shut on horrific state secrets   d.bags in Reuters, AFP, AP and CNN, here are the torture stories you are avoiding in Egypt' The British army subjected prisoners in Northern Ireland to waterboarding during interrogations in the 1970s' Mexico City became the first capital in Catholic, often macho Latin America to allow samesex marriage on Monday when city legislators passed a law giving gay couples full marriage rights.'  Serbia to apply for EU membership  ' Canadian Mint's missing $15 million blamed on 'accounting errors'; Mint changes accounting methods after shady investigation Facebook fuelling divorce, research claims  Telegraph' What isn't widely reported is that Cambodia has now received $1.2bil. in aid for returning the Uyghur asylum seekers If you don't know much about relations between Russia and Chechnya, now's a good time to learn.  Gunmen kill family of Mexican drug war hero  ' Sabotage cuts Iraqi oil pipeline' Egyptian bloggers expose police abuse and torture' Chinese villagers jailed for hunting, eating tiger' Pakistani court sentences two men to have their noses and ears cut off' World 'failed Gaza over Israeli blockade' according to aid groups US warns Japan over relocation of Futenma airbase' Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi is fired as head of Iran's Arts Institution, his only public post. Mexico City allows gay marriage with landmark law' How do I know China wrecked the Copenhagen deal? I was in the room.' RCMP conduct training exercise on private property without consent, shoot and kill family dog. ' Israel plans to demolish 900 Palestinian houses in Jerusalem to built settlements' In Germany, a Disturbing Rise of Extreme RightWing Violence Politically and racially motivated crimes by the far right hit a record high of more than 20,000' Jane was raped by a U.S. Navy sailor in 2002 in Japan I feel that the courts of Japan have made a mockery of rape victims ...moreover rapists will be able to roam free as they have in my own case, ready to rape again, until true justice rings through the air. ' The family of a marine involved in taking down a Mexican drugs cartel leader have been massacred in a revenge attack.' The 13metre (43ft) high billy goat has been torched 24 times since it was first erected in Gavle in 1966. ' Palestinian President Peace talks possible only when Israel stops settlements' Israeli newspaper What Israel fears most is a Palestinian popular struggle for equal rights.  Over the past few months, the efforts to suppress the struggle have increased.' British were waterboarding prisoners in Northern Ireland in 1970s' Hundreds of protesters, led by bornagain clerics,  cultural leaders, and university undergraduates,  demonstrate in the Ugandan capital in support of a  law to kill gay people for being gay' Report says 225,000 Haiti children work as slaves.' Lithuanian stable used for CIA interrogations' More Clashes reported in Iran' Russia and the United States tend to view Ukraine as a key battleground in a cosmic proxy war between East and West. Both have a bad habit of trying to pick winners in Ukrainian politics. These interventions, nave in their own ways, tend to backfire, often at Ukraines expense.' Canadian court orders woman to turn over Facebook history to assess her capacity for work ' Philip Weiss on organ thefts I say its further evidence of this great challenge in Jewish history, learning respect for the other' What is dangerous about a popular struggle is that it is impossible to label it as terror and then use that as an excuse to strengthen the regime of privileges, as Israel has done for the past 20 years.' Pakistan's transvestites to get distinct gender to ensure their rights Christian caught with 5m cocaine haul claims he thought the coke parcels were bibles' Revenge in Drug War Chills Mexico'  Sodano explained that the case, a class action to make the Vatican accountable for child sexual abuse by priests in the US, was a violation of the internationally recognised principle of sovereign immunity.' Iran comes out on top in secret simulated war games ' A bomb killed two men and damaged a historic church in a northern Iraqi city on Wednesday, one day ahead of Christmas Eve services that will be heavily guarded for fear of more attacks on the country's Christian minority The first female freedom fighter in the Arab world, Jamila, she fought the French occupation, tortured by them , helped liberate Algeria, now abandoned and penniless ' Police enter a private backyard without permission for police dog training, shoot and kill the property owner's dog when it defends its territory Incredible Article On The Man Who Shot The Romanian Dictator Ceasescu And His Wife 20 Years Ago The verdict was read out after a few hours. The Ceausescus were sentenced to death. They had ten days to appeal, but the sentence was to be carried out immediately. A nod to Kafka.' Racial pecking order of UAE displayed in a car advertisement' Unlearned lessons of the Soviet invasion  The U.S., like the Soviet Union, is learning the hard way on Afghanistan.' Iran's central bank has said defaced banknotes are to be made invalid, after the appearance of opposition slogans on money, local media report. 200 Israeli teenagers have pledged to disobey any orders to evacuate settlements during their military service Jewish law as written in the Torah forbids the dismantling of Jewishbuilt homes' Barcelona People using the street as a toilet, taking drugs, having sex...Residents take pictures and send them to the mayor to protests. Happy Christmas!' Who was Grand Ayatollah Hosein Ali Montazeri and how did he come to realize that the theocracy he helped build for Iranians was ultimately unlivable?' Ugandan official on gays Killing them might not be helpful; life imprisonment would be better.' Outrage at Mexico drug gang reprisal killings' Russia will work on a new generation of atomic weapons and missiles to strengthen its nuclear deterrent says President Medvedev' Bangladesh  The population bomb is ticking' Member of Israel's parliament says the regime still continues to steal organs from the bodies of Palestinians Israel threatens another largescale Gaza war' European Friends of Israel sues Hamas for war crimes in Belgium' Osama bin Laden's daughter found hiding in Saudi Embassy in Tehran Cuba lets cardinal give Xmas message on state TV' Store opens adultsonly Santa's Grotto France once home to the Atlantic Sturgeon  This discovery is of major importance for the reintroduction of sturgeons into European rivers' Loan wolf? Prizewinning photographer faces fakery  claims' Peru forensic team finds bodies of 25 children killed in Ayacucho during internal war' Russia and Georgia have agreed to reopen a border crossing that has been closed since July 2006.' Christians Leaders United for War The tyrannical Iranian regime shall never threaten the world with nuclear weapons' I don't want to get married again until after I am dead. ' How health and safety is killing Christmas. no ... not a joke post. ' Woman knocks down Pope Benedict at Christmas Mass.' Ugandan President Museveni says he will block the antigay bill from becoming law.' Venezuela's Chavez threatens to kick out carmakers unless they share their technology with local businesses Woman who knocked down pope had pasta in her pocket  PASTAFARIAN?!' 450 people from 21 countries, including 30 from the USA, have traveled for 3 weeks all the way from London to Jordan in a 210 vehicle convoy loaded with humanitarian relief supplies for the people imprisoned in Gaza.' Chvez declares Angel Falls is no more World's tallest waterfall gets new name, KerepakupaiMer, which in indigenous Pemon language means waterfall of the deepest place.n' Drug tests catch out 10 police (UK)' Once the worlds fourthlargest lake, the Aral Sea has almost disappeared altogether  thanks to a grand Soviet public works project that diverted the water into the desert to grow crops' Cool Saudi Feminist calls for woman's right to have 4 husbands, male dominated Saudi sent her flowers, Oops I mean death threats According to satellite surveys, as much as 80 percent of former prime land lies uncultivated. ' Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has vowed to defeat the organised crime in the country by 2013.' Don't blame the system for winter travel chaos. Stay put. Christmas Eve around the world included the Pope  being pushed at Mass; an Israeli man being shot  and killed in the West Bank; and the killing of at  least 26 people across Iraq' Pope knocked down before Xmas mass' The solar salesman who put his cow on the market to bring power to the people in Africa' Pig farts spark Australia gas scare  I shit you not reddit' Bin Laden daughter flees to Saudi embassy in Iran ' Traumatic Brain Injuries  Growing evidence shows that Progesterone should be considered as an optional treatment' The Pakistan Supreme Court has ordered the Pakistan Government to recognize transgendered, intersex, and Eunuch's as a distinct gender from male and female.' Here's a video the Taliban released this morning of an American soldier they captured 5 months ago. He's 23 and a prisoner on Christmas. Fireworks set off aboard airliner' Five VA men may face terrorism charges, Pakistan police say' Ayatollah Montazeri's Legacy  In death he may have become the inspiration for the most significant opposition the regime has faced since the 1979 Islamic Revolution China unveils world's fastest bullet train  In the year since Israel launched its devastating military offensive in Gaza,it has faced intense international condemnation and accusations of war crimes. Israel's response? Threats  of much harsher action. Two Irish Catholic bishops resign during Christmas mass over church coverup of child abuse' On Dec. 26, 2004, a massive undersea earthquake off Indonesia unleashed energy equivalent to 550 million Hiroshima atomic explosions, and triggered a tsunami that killed 230,000 people in 14 Asian and African countries' Guttenberg Afghanistan will never be model western democracy' Iranian riot police clashes with antigovernment protesters' China sentences a former literature professor who helped draft a manifesto that demanded open elections and the rule of law to 11 years in prison for subversion' Security stepped up at airports worldwide after airline incident' British paper names Iranian protester Neda 'person of the year' Ukraine, having embraced capitalism, finds that even zoo animals are starved and made to live and die in terrible conditions. During Soviet times, the zoos facilities might have been relatively spare, but the care was far better.' US diplomatic car allegedly tried running over an Israeli guard recently at an IDF checkpoint in the West Bank' China moves to reduce internet access for their citizens to only the governmentapproved whitelisted sites' A prominent opposition journalist in Kyrgyzstan, whose autocratic president has been courted by the United States, died on Tuesday after being thrown  from a sixthstory window, his arms and legs bound with duct tape. Yes, things are so much better under capitalism. ' Caught in ThaiCambodian crossfire  Convicted of spying, Sivarak Chutipong became casualty in Southeast Asian political drama' Uzbekistan holds election as West watches' Neda Soltan is Times Person of the Year Neda was not political. She did not vote in her country's election, but was appalled by the rigging of the result. Since she was shot in a democracy protest, her face has become an opposition symbol Farmers marvel at skills of Captain Miles Malone' More Irish Bishops Resign Over Abuse Scandal' Welcome to Gaza's Killing Fields where Palestinian Children live. It is sad that what seems so obvious to rest of the world escapes the minds of apologists for Israeli state terror. Pakistani Muslims Wish Their Christian Neighbors Merry Christmas by Threatening to Burn Them Alive... ' Art is flourishing in Palestine ' Dozens of villagers in the Kenyan district of Kisii are falling prey to superstitious groups accusing them of witchcraft. A group of youths tortured five suspected witches before setting them on fire. [video]n' New scheme for population control soon Azad  There will be no law, no force, but only through awareness, efforts will be made to control population.' Why does CNN constantly claim to be 'the best news network out there'.. Yo, /r/worldnews, can we stop grouping jews with zionists? It only hurts your case.' China has overtaken Japan to become the world's secondbiggest economy Venezuela's Chavez threatened to expel Toyota unless it produces an allterrain 4x4 vehicles for public transport in poor and rural areas Why was he ever allowed to fly? Syringe bomber had been barred from Britain, was on a terror list and even his father had warned U.S.' Iran protests leave nine dead, reports claim' Knut Haugland, the last surviving member of the 1947 KonTiki raft expedition, has died in Norway.' National Iranian Armed Resistance Forces (NIRU) declares their existance in Iran  Statement' Iranian Opposition Website Mousavi's Nephew reported 'killed' in violent clashes in Tehran. Iranian town tries to save protestors from being hanged, are shot at by Iranian Regime' Deaths reported in Iran clashes' The Detroit airplane bomber and the shoe bomber both used PETN in their attempts. Would it have worked or are these wannabes terrorists that are good for media ratings?' 28yo man from US crosses border to North Korea on Christmas Day to raise attention on North Korean human rights' More on the protests breaking out all over Iran.' UN Human Rights expert Richard Falk urges the US and its European allies to threaten Israel with economic sanctions if it does not immediately end its illegal blockade of Gaza' Sergei Magnitsky was our attorney who died under excruciating circumstances in a Moscow pretrial detention center. His story is one of extraordinary bravery and heroism, and ultimately tragedy. It is also a story about how Stalinism and the gulags are alive and well in Russia today.' I'm dying, he told himself, because when you  cough blood, it's something really bad.' Brazil Aims to Prevent Land Grabs in Amazon ' 30 Years Ago The Afghan Coup Which Stands At The Beginning Of 30 Years Of War And Chaos In Which We Are Involved Right Now!' Mexican State Legislatures Make Abortion Illegal' Afghanistan's wild, wild west  View from a place where most Afghans feel stuck between the Taliban and U.S. troops. Pressure mounted on Tiwari to quit after the tape allegedly showing him in bed with three women was broadcast Friday, prompting the opposition and women's right groups to hold street protests in Hyderabad, the state capital, demanding his resignation. Who is this Nigerian guy who tried to blow up a plane in Detroit? A privileged, dream student.' Is it too hard to use the Convoy system like in WW2' Family of London man, condemned to death in China for drug smuggling, 'plea for compassion' Origami aeroplane association enthusiast sets flight record ' Mexico weighs options as lawlessness continues to grip Ciudad Juarez ' Khan Younis massacre The men of the town were told to line up in the main square and were then systematically shot so their bodies lay in a long row. Some who stayed in their homes were killed there. It is not only Israeli leaders who did not show empathy it is entire Israeli public' Mentally ill Briton to be executed for drug smuggling in China tomorrow! Let's get this some attention. At least 15 dead in Tehran street battles' Most Americans don't know there is a major war happening right now in Mexico. War broke out in Mexico in December 2006 when the newly elected president Felipe Calderon sent 6,500 troops to Michoacan state to fight the drug cartels. Jailed Briton in China does not know he will be executed Dec 29th' Opposition leader's nephew among nine dead amid rioting and bloodshed in Iran UN Secretary General Ban Kimoon said Gazans were being denied Basic Human Rights and urged Israel to end its unacceptable and counterproductive blockade. ' Netanyahu wants Israeli force on Palestinian border' Turkey seeks return of Santa Clausones Interview with German Environment Minister Norbert Rttgen 'China Doesn't Want to Lead, and the US Cannot' Mafia prince Nick Rizzuto Jr. shot dead in Montreal' AlQaeda claims responsibility for attack on plane' Dameer Centre for Human Rights reported high levels of deformed births and miscarriages, and that the use of radioactive and toxic ammunition by the Israeli army on Gaza resulted in significant deterioration in the health of Palestinians' Iran's government cracked down on its opponents arresting two outspoken critics as well as several aides to main opposition leaders after eight people died in fierce clashes in Tehran Be careful what you wish for. [Mousavi] was at the heart of a regime that executed dissidents, took U.S. hostages and launched a fatwa against author Salman Rushdie.n' Then came Absolutely Fabulous. Her character, Patsy, drank, smoke, swore, took cocaine and had sex with younger men' Awaiting Gaza March, Holocaust Survivor Stages Hunger Strike' Suicide bomber kills 30, extremists accused of trying to start sectarian war. ' Somali pirates were paid $4 million in ransom to release a hijacked Chinese cargo ship carrying coal and 25 sailors who had been in captivity for two months' 25,000 passengers hit by delays at British airports' Israel to Build 700 Homes in East Jerusalem.' British man to be executed in China for smuggling heroin' In a quick, oneday operation, Thai soldiers with riot shields and clubs have evicted more than 4,000 Hmong asylum seekers from a holding center and forcibly repatriated them to Laos, where they say they face retribution from their government.' A comprehensive review of Britain's muchloved libel laws planned Is there an anti megaphone out there or some other counter action?' It is a fact that a woman born in South Africa has a greater chance of being raped, than learning how to read.' Israel planning to build 700 new houses in East Jerusalem, going back on their word and disrupting the peace. ' U.S. Intelligence Found Iran Nuke Document Was Forged' Britain has been given a warning by Iran's foreign minister that it will receive a punch on the mouth if it does not stop the nonsense.' NOAM CHOMSKY Gaza One Year Later You [Palestinians] shall continue to live like dogs, and whoever wishes may leave, and we will see where this process leads.  Moshe Dayan' No significant slowing in population growth. Humanity has been consistently gaining more than 79 million people (almost another Germany) each year since 1999.' The story you won't see on the front page of Reddit A Holocaust survivor joins a hunger strike supporting Gaza China's executes mentally ill British man. I really thought they'd back down... Published Document States Khamenei Is Planning to Escape to Russia  looks like the final play is beginning' U.S. airstrike kills 10 Afghan civilians, 8 schoolboys, amidst controversy he said / she said Karzai slams U.S. and NATO forces refute charges' One Year Later, Palestinians Live in Rubble While Israel Blocks Aid (with US support)' I guess we are all going to have to remove our underwear along with our shoes!' Putin Russia needs to develop offensive strike systems to preserve strategic balance with the United States, without producing its own missile defense.' Colombia is preparing to attack Venezuela in annoperation that will be made to look like its objective is a base ofnColombian guerrillas, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said.' Police arrest nuclear whistleblower  Vanunu the Guy Who Told All about Israel's Nukes! Keep up with the latest events in Iran here.' After massive protests shook Iran this past summer, Iran singled out Gene Sharp, an obscure American political scientist in his 80s as a key figure behind the unrest. Since the early 1970s, his work has served as the template for taking on authoritarian regimes from Burma to Belgrade.' First gay marriage in Latin America occurs in  Argentina. God promptly brings down his Wrath and  smites the entire continent. That last bit was not  true.' Israeli police arrest nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu for allegedly breaking parole conditions.' Striking photos of the decade An Australian perspective (well worth the watch)' Israeli oped compares compares settlement freeze to  1960s civil rights struggle; Palestinians still not people.' Two men in Malawi charged with gross public  indecency, for getting engaged.' Iran arrests proreform opposition figures ' Israels Supreme Court has ruled that a major access highway to Jerusalem running through the occupied West Bank could no longer be closed to most Palestinian traffic. ' The Thai government has completed the deportation of more than 4,000 ethnic Hmong back to their homeland in neighbouring Laos.' This site publishes first had reports out of Iran.  Lots of eye witness accounts.  It is run by Iranian exiles with close contacts on the ground.  Let's show these people some love for risking it all to get the information out. U.S. Soldiers Are Waking Up!' Ayatollah Khamenei's Jet Checked, Iran Supreme Leader May Flee To Russia If Necessary [Video] Iranian Police Car running over protesters' What Every U.S. Citizen Should Know About Iran' The 'Israelification' of airports High security, little bother  Afghan officials USled troop dragged ten civilians from their beds and shot them dead during a night raid. ' Ridiculous Senior officers say the chemicals will be  treated as illegal until tests show otherwise as they  try to protect young people from using dangerous  drugs which have not been banned.' Israel's Supreme Court orders the military to stop blocking Palestinians from using a highway that runs through the West Bank. one of the world's wettest places dries up.. Media fails to mention 'sharp dressed man' escorted flight 253 bomber until allowed to board plane Afghans burn Obama effigy over civilian deaths' Israeli nuclear whistleblower under house arrest' See  China have the right idea when it comes to dealing with those Somalian pirates' Iran 27 Dec 09 Police Car running over people  The youtube on the front page is broken.' 2 sisters attacked by smart Israeli drone  in Gaza,  last year  video ' Israelisonly highway through West Bank declared illegal in landmark case' Like a bull moose headbutting a train  The moose Canadian democracy. The train the prime minister and his government.' Sadness over British man executed in China' British Hostage Released In Iraq After Two Years!' France to rethink carbon tax plan.' Obama plans on attacking Yemen over failed bomb attempt' 'Apartheid  Road'  opened  to  Palestinians    Middle  East    Independent.co.uk Army Historians Document Early Missteps in Afghanistan' USA spooks report Either Israeli or UK forged nukes report on Iran' Jerusalem Post asks the Taboo Question' King Stephen Harper shuts down Canadian Parliament, AGAIN. ' For seven years, Jennipher was forced to breastfeed the puppies of her husband's hunting dogs. Several hundred people have joined demonstrations on the IsraelGaza border to protest against the Israeli blockade of the territory. Keep it up!!' 4 Reported Dead in Finland Mall Shooting' Hot debate over antihomosexuality bill  Death penalty for gay sex is included in proposed Ugandan legislation' The Dutch government has said that it will commence using fullbody scanners on flights to the US.' In most places, being a star means ranking top of the class, but in Iran it means your name appears on a list of students considered a threat by the intelligence ministry. It also means a partial or complete ban from education.' Afghan attacks kill 8 purported CIA employees, 5 Canadians ' Flashback  Yemen seizes 'Israellinked' cell Man wrongly convicted of raping a 8yo boy freed after 35 years' Holy Crap!  Finally, a Catholic Official is ACTUALLY sentenced in court for his sex abuse crimes!  ...in Argentina' New fabricated intelligence claims Iranian has plans of importing purified uranium' Iceland's parliament has approved a controversial payout of nearly $6bn to Britain and the Netherlands, which had compensated tens of thousands of savers who had money with a failed Icelandic bank. Harper suspends parliament to dodge torture investigation and restructure senate. ' 2007 Nazi attack puts anarchist in coma. 2008 Yuri Mishutkin attacked again by fascists who also assaulted him in past. Yuri fought back with knife, hit once. 1 attacker dies. Convicted of exceeding limits of selfdefence. Ordered to pay family of attacker. Sentence overturned. New trial to come.' Japan Agriculture must be rebuilt ahead of oil's 'noble' limits  North Korea's New Year's wish of seeing the destruction of a massive concrete wall dividing the Korean peninsula never seems to come true  mostly because it doesn't exist. Eight Americans killed by Afghanistan bomb 'were CIA agents'n Four Canadian soldiers and one Canadian reporter killed and five injured in an IED strike  Straight from the source, with stock images of Soldiers.' North Korea calls for end to hostile relations with U.S.n| Reuters' Canadian reporter and 4 soldiers killed in Afghanistan' Nigeria doctor 'impregnated girls and sold the babies' Sometimes it seems like nearly every woman in Cebu of childbearing age is pregnant.' The heirs to Argentinas most powerful media empire have been ordered to take DNA tests that could establish whether they were part of a forced adoption scheme during the countrys darkest era. ' Czech Republic Decriminalizes All Major Drugs for Personal Use  Starting Tomorrow' Don't Mess with Yemen It is extraordinary to see the US begin to make the same mistakes in Yemen as it previously made in Afghanistan and Iraq. ' Gaza sees rise in malformations with newborns as a result of Israel's use of prohibited weapons 7 CIA operatives killed and 6 wounded by Taleban suicide bomber that penetrated deep into a U.S. base in Afghanistan' Honduras State henchmen shot owner of Radio Globo  one of few media outlets to speak out against coup. Radio Globo had resorted almost exclusively to broadcasting online from secret locations. Canal 36, shut down altogether after equipment destroyed, signals interrupted, editors assassinated.' Tibetan 'living Buddha' Phurbu Tsering jailed by China At least 75 people were killed when a suicide bomber attacked a volley ball game in a progovernment town in northwest Pakistan.' Pakistani Taliban just killed 32 people with a suicide bomber at a sports game' New internet piracy law comes into effect in France' During a religious pilgrimage to Mecca, Sibat was arrested by the Saudi religious police and charged with sorcery. He was coerced into confessing, and then tried without a lawyer. His coerced confession was used against him and he was sentenced to death in Medina on November 9, 2009.' North Korea has issued a New Year message calling for an end to hostile relations with the US. I think they mean it this time.' Travel restrictions crimp shopping sprees Venezuelans must tell the government where they're traveling and what they're buying Police officers around the world often use pepper spray to restrain people who are out of control. But after a series of unexplained deaths, researchers now suspect the spray, which is derived from chili peppers, could be fatal if the subject has been using cocaine or other drugs.' The only woman in the French Foreign Legion' Noble Peace Laureate Shirin Ebadi The [Iranian] Government Took My Sister Hostage ' Oh, boy. This trip could be interesting' Americans are in Afghanistan murdering children, claiming it's 'self defense'.  No, these Americans are not soldiers; they are, well, nobody knows who in hell they are, except that it seems obvious they are there because they're making lots of money at the expense of American taxpayers. Man shot dead his former girlfriend and killed four others at shopping centre in the Finnish city of Espoo, before turning his gun on himself' Egyptian security forces attack Gaza protester' Juan Cole Top Ten Good News Stories from the Muslim World in 2009 that You Never Heard About ' Pope puts children first, (plus suitable pic)' Top general to be tried for rights abuses  Why Never in the US?' 37 Catholic priests, nuns and missionaries killed worldwide in 2009  Twice as Many as in 2008!' Does anyone else feel like there is a rather concerning void in the amount we are able to learn from some Reddit topics?' Mousavi 'ready to die' for reform Way to end 09 on a high note No U.S. combatrelated deaths in Iraq in December. Downvote this to hell for being positive and about Iraq, but it is good to see fewer people dying.' Iraq shocked as judge drops Blackwater charges  so many innocent Iraqi people  young, students  were shot by someone who liked to shoot unarmed people.' Danish police shoot and wound man in home of Kurt Westergaard (creator of cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad )' Iraqi prisoners were sexually humiliated by female British soldier  Fourteen new cases of sexual abuse have been made against a secretive British Army interrogation unit' The man who shamed Nigeria  Nigerians struggle to understand why a privileged son tried to become a suicide bomber' Israeli Arabs and Jews protest against Gaza blockade. ' Neodymium is one of 17 metals crucial to green technology. Theres only one snag  China produces 97% of the worlds supply. And theyre not selling' A Somali man was shot as he allegedly tried to enter the home of Danish political cartoonist Kurt Westergaard  known for his controversial depictions of the Muslim prophet Mohammad.' Shooting Handcuffed Children  The occupied government of Afghanistan and the United Nations have both concluded that U.S.led troops recently dragged eight sleeping children out of their beds, handcuffed some of them, and shot them all dead. ' Hundreds of cars torched in France at New Year | Reuters' Iran in serious crisis opposition leader Mousavi' China says 5,394 arrested in Internet porn crackdown' Lithuania forced to shut down reactor according to new EU regulations.' Harvard Takes it Back and Says Swine Flu was Oversold' 2009 Saudi Arabia opened its first ever coeducational university, where men and women can even take the same classes together  and with one of the largest endowments in the world.' Iraqi Reaction to Blackwater Immunity' Walls never work in the Middle East or in Ireland ' Danish police shoot intruder at cartoonist's home Honduras coup protest photo presented as Iranian' Praising a terrorist in the Washington Post defining courtesy' Tehran's thugs cannot last Any government that imagines it has a divine warrant will perforce deal with its critics as if they were profane and thus illegitimate by definition. Attempt to Kill Danish Cartoonist Fails ' Role reversal Iran issues deadline for West to comply with its demands' Somali pirates' cash suspected cause of Kenya property boom Life under the Apartheid Israeli Regime supported from Western countries [pics]'