 Investigation reveals the 1985 Live Aid and Band Aid which raised $250 million, had 95% of that money diverted to support Ethiopian rebels and to buy weapons.' Because a number of you have asked about my postreddit life, here's my first entry as a Kiva Fellow in Armenia Irish Catholic Bishop Asks Parishioners to Help Cover Costs of Sex Abuse Lawsuits; Parishioners and abuse victims disgusted.  So am I.' The night when the lights when out in Chile.' Dubai seeks arrest of Israeli prime minister and Mossad chief over murder of Hamas leader' Victory for freedom of expression in New Zealand court rules that naked bicycle riding is legal' New U.S. Embassy In London To Cost $1 Billion (PHOTOS)' Australia plans to dump toxic waste on tribal lands' All of the 4 arrested had been trained by the CIA and, possibly, Israel.' On Feb. 20, four Muslim women took a conspicuous step to protest gender segregation in Muslim mosques by refusing to relegate themselves to a cordonedoff prayer zone for women and instead worshiped with the men at the Islamic Center of Washington, D.C. ' Pakistan reveals the Talibans secret underground cave network' 'Son of Hamas' who spied for Israel I have gone from being a prince in my country to the lowest possible level, of being a traitor' Giant Rogue Waves hit cruise ship; 2 passengers killed when 26 foot waves hit off the French port of Marseille' Two people have been killed and six injured as giant waves slammed into a cruise ship in the Mediterranean' Two Thirds of Afghan Police Drop Out Before Training Completed It would take another 82 years to have a properly trained police force' Ethiopia aid 'spent on weapons' Dear Reddit The past 8 months have been hell for us Iranians abroad. So I just wanted to say that we are very proud to have won this award, and I want to share it with you. ' 75% of Germans do not want to be chipped.' Saudi woman senteced to 300 lashes and jailed for 18 months for appearing in court without a male.n' How the settlers backed by the IDF and Israeli government have created an apartheid state in Israel.  13 minute clip from 60 minutes really puts the Palestinians hell on earth into perspective' Ugandas environment dilemma as the countrys forest cover dwindlesn' Chas Freeman This time apartheid has western complicity' Dubai seeks Israeli PM's arrest over hotel murder.  Apartheid in Israel The mayor of Jerusalem has announced a plan to demolish an area of Arab East Jerusalem to make way for an upmarket district of luxury hotels and gardens.' U.S. commanders Unsure Who's Behind Iraq Attacks The bigtime players aren't there anymore. The organized terrorists aren't there anymore.' The silent rebellion begins 2 women refuse full body scanning at Manchester and give up their flight to retain their right to privacy.' Disturbing story of Falluja's birth defects Wow... Amazing pics of Colorful India..' Chinas Humanflesh search engines  a form of online vigilante justice in which Internet users hunt down and punish people who have attracted their wrath.' How 12yearold girl saved her Chilean island from catastrophe' Dutch antiIslam leader Geert Wilders is major winner in local elections' Can I refuse an electronic strip search at an airport without being detained?' Divorced Before Puberty... wtf? ' A Saudi woman who filed harassment claims in Saudi Arabia without being accompanied by a male relative has been sentenced to 300 lashes and 18 months in jail.' What it means to go to Ben Gurion airport with an Arab friend' Earthquake (6.4) hits Taiwan this time' North Korean man executed for making cell phone call' Six years ago, there were claims that the U.S. used white phosphorous and depleted uranium in Fallujah.  Today, there's a disturbingly large number of cases of birth defects there. Birth defects 'have risen since US Falluja operation' A US congressional panel has described the killing of Armenians by Turkish forces during World War I as genocide, despite White House objections.' Bishop asks parishioners for cash to help to pay abuse claims' I always felt bad for thinking this was a scam, but it looks like I was right Millions of Ethiopian famine aid was used to buy weapons ' Backlash from Simon Singh libel case puts chiropractors on ropes One in four chiropractors in Britain are under investigation as a result of campaign by Singh supporters' US panel Armenia killings genocide' Iceland's economic and political future hangs in the balance as it heads towards a referendum on how to compensate Britain and the Netherlands for money lost in the collapse of an Icelandic bank. Shades of Watts Italy has been hit by a new outbreak of race riots after an Egyptian man was stabbed to death in Milan. ' Armenia killings called 'genocide' nHouse panel angers Turkey, Obama by calling 1915 killings 'genocide.' Like the harvesting organs scandal Israel will keep denying this until someone from the Government comes clean in the next 10 years, then they will say it was a practice they stopped 10 years ago' Mexico City sees gay marriage law' First Australia didn't like video games.  Now, it doesn't like real games.  How far is this going to go? Poland Looks Inward After Film Puts Mall Girl Culture on View' Rats that find land mines are saving lives in Africa. This is how they are trained' Jewish settlers in East Jerusalem celebrate massacre of 29 Palestinians by Jewish terrorist' Two dead as giant waves hit cruise ship...WOW' Jews praying at Western Wall pelted with rocks following an Islamic sermon on a recent Israeli decision to include two West Bank shrines on a list of national heritage sites' Man executed by firing squad for using cell phone' Japan's Princess Aiko ullied at school' Tobacco giant, Philip Morris, files lawsuit against Uruguay, charging that new health measures involving cigarette packaging amount to unfair treatment of the company!' Mexican gov't official fired for painting teen's buttocks as punishment for graffiti tagging Unemployed Woman with 11 Children from 5 Different Fathers Enjoys $60,000 salary from British Taxpayers' Priest gets suspended sexual assault sentence' Respected Danish journalist admits 'I was a Mossad agent' All that the Pakistani Taliban wanted was money and that's all they talked about. They were not religious men. We did not see any one of them offering prayers even once.  A rescued hostage' Airline pilot arrested in Amsterdam for flying 13 years with bogus licence' The unlelected house is the only one with any sense House of Lords makes moves to scrap bill clause which would let the government and corporations  spy on us all' Japan will not comply if a ban on international trade in Atlantic bluefin tuna is imposed' Maoists plan to overthrow Indian government ' Australian woman 'decapitated during freak lawnmower accident' I am sorry for what I did and hope that my  daughter does not suffer any more in heaven girl  dies after parents become obsessed with raising  virtual baby while their real daughter lay abandoned  and unfed' Germany convicts 4 'Sauerland groupomb plotters (with help from the CIA) A proposal to remove donor organs from patients who are dying before they are actually dead, published today in the Dutch medical journal Medisch Contact, has met with fierce criticism.' Death toll from Chilean earthquake sharply revised down from 802 to 279.' Dozens of ships that had been trapped in ice in the Baltic Sea off Stockholm, some for several days, have been freed' Papal aide, Vatican men's choir in gay prostitution ring Irish foreign minister speaks out against Gaza blockade in I.H.T. Oped.' London 2012 Olympics  Police will have powers to enter private homes and seize posters' No to Nynorsk Norwegian county of Rogaland moving towards doing away with Nynorsk in favour of Bokml in order to strengthen the Norwegian language' Iceland rejects Icesave bill in referendum' Your daily dose of North Korean insanity' The teenager is believed to be the first person  charged under Australian law with offensive  behaviour for listening to music.' The internet is a net to trap people, Chinese blogger in translation' Lost Jewish tribe 'found in Zimbabwe' Blackwater Iraq allegations prompt US review' Guatemala top cops busted, death squads exposed' Hailstorm brings chaos to Melbourne' Bitterness and unease in bankrupt Zimbabwe' First contact The man who'll welcome aliens In Baghdad, Sunnis await elections with unease ' Oil, the other Iraq election issue' Icelandic referendum set to snub UK repayment demand ' 'Superpower Exploring the extraordinary power of the internet.' [BBC]  Photos of Palestinian daily suffering!! worth checking out!!' Turkish PM says U.S. vote to greatly harm ties' Egyptian queens burial chamber discovered in Egypt' ChinaDaily Yuan to remain stable, opposes politicizing monetary issues, stimulus package benefits world' Middleaged British couple kidnapped by Somali pirates could be 'free in a fortnight' Thousands of beachgoers shrugged off [tsunami] alerts following Chile's huge earthquake. UK childkiller's return to jail sparks debate. (James Bulger's murderer from 1993) A man believed to be a sumo wrestler ripped out a cash machine weighing 90kg (200lb) and made off with it on his shoulders, police in Moscow report.' Kidnapping for ransom is one of the most profitable and widespread criminal enterprises in Pakistan. But it is one that has, until now, been fairly well hidden.' Berlusconi's party messes up registration of his candidates in forthcoming elections. He 'changes' the law to readmit them, violating Italian Constitution (article 73 don't change election regulations with emergency laws). RAF helicoptor pilot shot between the eyes by Taliban flies 20 to safety  Telegraph' Australian writer sums up insensibility of War on Drugs in four paragraphs.' Waste watchers? British trash bins being fitted with microchips, raising surveillance fears' White woman says attack was racist' Bob Geldof has challenged the BBC to substantiate its report that millions raised for famine relief in Ethiopia were diverted to pay for weapons.' Ahmadinejad Sept. 11 attacks a big lie' How food and water are driving a 21stcentury African land grab ' Iceland rejects plan to repay Icesave debts' Indonesia Forced church closings spike. All is not well for Christians in country with the world's largest Muslim population. Liberia, emerging from decades of war, thought its debt problems were finally over after western countries cancelled most of it. Then they found out they'd been tricked by a few private fund owners who pretended to participate in the deal.  (BBC, full length version) Israeli film directory whose film is up for an Oscar The film technically represents Israel, but I don't represent Israel. I cannot represent a country that does not represent me.  There's a Palestinian director, an Israeli director, Palestinian actors and Israeli actors.' BBC News  Boeing 747 survives simulated 'Flight 253omb blast AP Wrong, Pakistani Officials Say AmericanalQaida has not Been Arrested' A Muslim magazine has apologised after two of its journalists pretended to be Roman Catholics and took Holy Communion in a church' Mosquito nets 'fail to curb malaria' in Malawi Bob Geldof has challenged the BBC to substantiate its report that millions raised for famine relief in Ethiopia were diverted to pay for weapons.' Sri Lankan General to go on hunger strike after being detained for daring to run for president' The head of Chinas central bank has given the strongest signal yet that the country will move away from pegging its currency to the dollar, but he said any changes would be gradual.' The European Commission is planning an EUwide minimum tax on carbon as part of the EU's green energy agenda  but the UK opposes such a move. Iraqs die to cast a vote, but in America we're too good/lazy/apathetic/etc.  What happened to us??? Reallife 'Avatar' happening in Orissa, India Socialized Medicine Saved Me When Pulitzer Prize winner Geraldine Brooks was diagnosed with cancer overseas, she didnt hightail it back home, to the best health care in the world she stayed in Australia, home to a humane, rational system' Passenger ships stuck in ice for hours off Swedish coast' Egyptian blogger was detained for criticizing army, is now released' Almost four in five people worldwide see internet  access as fundamental right' Japan says won't comply with bluefin tuna bann Nigeria Muslims Attack Christian Village, 300 Hacked to Death Including Women and Children With Machetes...' Muslim herdsmen armed with guns and machetes attacked three Christian villages outside Jos. More than 120 dead' Muslim leader calls for elements of sharia family law to be introduced in Australia' Iceland voters reject debt deal with Britain and the Netherlands. I voted no. We have to send a message that these countries are not going to profit from this situation. ' Revealed Nazi spy duped by failed actor in Montys Double hoax  In 1944 a washedup, boozy Australian actor named Meyrick Clifton James experienced one of the oddest career revivals in history...' Here in the UK we have the worlds largest DNA database, with 1 in 10 of the population included in it. That must be quite effective I hear you say. Well actually fewer than one in every 1,300 crimes is solved using it, I would have to reply.' FiveHundred People Slaughter in Religious Clashes in Nigeria' A tribe in India is going through similar oppression to the Na'vi in Avatar... and they've appealed to James Cameron for help because he will understand.' On the same day that Gordon Brown insisted that the illegal Iraq war was the right thing to do, Lance Corporal Joe Glenton was sentenced to nine months imprisonment for refusing to return to Afghanistan to fight a war he believed to be unjustified and a senseless loss of life' Turkey earthquake kills 51; scientists say earthquake frequency not rising' Israel is expected to unveil plans this week to build a nuclear power plant, reports say.' Germany's ARD TV drama sparks Scientology's ire Turkish earthquake kills dozensnAt least 38 people dead after magnitude 6 earthquake strikes east of country in early hours of morning' Vancouver man to sue makers of Academy Awardnominee Avatar' U.S. Eases Software Export Restrictions to Iran, Cuba and the Sudan' The US sends two peace envoys, Israel sticks up two fingers.' BBC News  Mapping the growth of the internet' Turkey homosexuality is a disease, says Minister' Third Hong Kong acid attack in six months' Trio of asylum seekers leap from block of flats in suicide pact after asylum bid rejected. ' Buddhist Thailand Islamists open fire on a father and his three daughters, killing him and a 7yearold.' Blood Rubies Are Your Dollars Propping Up Burma's Junta?  Australia and NZ clash on whaling' Soldier throws back grenade' (Nigeria) Over fivehundred Christians, mostly women and children, are hacked to death by Muslim raiders with machetes in a nighttime attack on their village. The killers yelled 'Allah Akbar,' as they chopped. Germany Is Tired of Paying Europe's Bills Israel 'approves' 1600 homes in occupied East Jerusalem homes  just as 'peace talks' start, whilst the US vice president is visiting, following on from the 100+ new homes in the occupied West Bank.  No doubt it will again be the fault of the Palestinians the peace process fails? Europe bars Wall Street banks from government bond sales ' Seven people have been arrested in the Irish Republic over an alleged plot to kill a Swedish cartoonist for depicting the Prophet Muhammad' A dozen previously unknown shipwrecks, some of them believed to be up to 1,000 years old, have been discovered in the Baltic Sea' Brazil slaps trade sanctions on US over illegal US subsidies for cotton' Pope's brother Georg Ratzinger linked to child abuse claimsn Joe Biden coming to Israel to jump start peace talks. Israel tells Biden to f*ck off and approves the building of 1,600 new homes in occupied East Jerusalem.' BadenPowel, founder of The Scouts, held talks with senior Nazis in 1937 to foster closer ties with The Hitler Youth, newly declassified documents reveal.' France's disneyland couple Nicolas Sarkozy and Carla Bruniare apparently both having affairs Chile Nine Days Later' Dutch Pirate Party has decided to join the national elections' At first, it seemed like an isolated incident of abuse at one Catholic school in Berlin. But now, in little over a month, it has ballooned into a massive scandal' How paedophile priest was allowed to evade justice' The biggest offensive of the Afghanistan War against what it was told was a city of 80,000 people, Marjah, this picture obediently reported by major news media is one of the clearest and most dramatic pieces of misinformation of the entire war' Crackdown on dangerous dogs in the UK to make microchips compulsory for all.  New plans also require compulsory thirdparty insurance.' LIFE and Google bring us 10 million historic images' Indonesia defies doomsayers to become a surprise success story ' Women and girls rejoice at the retreat of the  Taliban in the Swat Valley in Pakistan... time for a  new beginning' It's terror check chaos as dozens miss US flights Israel, Syria announce intent to develop nuclear power' Bad things happen when empires fall apart' UNICEF estimates that more than 20,000 children lost their parents in the Jan. 12 quake and its aftermath. Relatives or neighbors are caring for many of these children. Others, such as a group of boys in a PortauPrince park, are fending for themselves. ' Holland proposes giving anyone over 70 the right to die if they have simply had enough and consider their lives complete' Love thy neighbor Protected by the IDF, settlers destroy natural spring used by Palestinians for farming near Salfit by pouring cement into the spring. I can't for a single moment imagine how it must be to live amongst these vile people. India wants to give women 1/3 of legislative seats.  Vote was 1861' Having been removed in favor of Nazis, members of the Jewish family have been sheltering this winter in a tent on the sidewalk opposite their home of more than five decades.' Chomsky Aid Should Go to Haitian Popular Organizations, Not to Contractors or NGOs ' Trial begins over the death of Rachel Corrie. She was killed while she was trying to stop Palestinians' homes being demolished in Gaza. Is this what Israel is becoming?  Israeli Settlers (who earlier evicted Palestinians from their home) sing songs that praise mass murderer Baruch Goldstein.  [Video]'   At least 3,000 protesters, including Israelis and Palestinians, have rallied in an Arab quarter of east Jerusalem to protest the eviction of Palestinians from their homes there in favor of Jewish settlers.rally' US VicePresident Joe Biden has condemned Israel's approval of 1,600 new homes for ultraOrthodox Jews in East Jerusalem. When a tsunami crashed into an asylum in Chile, two unlikely heroines, one schizophrenic, the other mentally disabled, formed a team to save their friends' lives. With water up to their necks, they dragged other patients to safety. [video] Muslim woman expelled from Canadian school for refusing to remove her niqab veil' Microsoft's Bing search engine is filtering out offensive words in Arab countries. Words like gay, bisexual, lesbian and transvestite' Billionaires and MegaCorporations Behind Immense Land Grab in Africa | 20+ countries are selling or leasing land for intensive agriculture on a shocking scale in what may be the greatest change of ownership since the colonial era. ' I was just following a bee.' Pakistani pols who refused airport body scans hailed as heroes in Pakistan' China 70YearOld Grandmother Beaten & Buried Alive By Property Developers Trying To Take Her Land' One American official recently conceded that Somalias best hope was the governments new military chief, a 60yearold former artillery officer who, until a few months ago, was assistant manager at a McDonalds in suburban Germany.' Catholic Sex Abuse Accusations Spread Across Europe; Was Pope's brother involved in coverups? A third of the world's jailed journalists are imprisoned in Iran; China is next with 24 jailed journalists followed by Cuba with 22 Israeli court to hear civil case over death of Rachel Corrie in Gaza' Parents want Israel to answer for daughter's bulldozer death Jihad Jane Colleen LaRose from Pennsylvania recruited Muslims in Ireland to kill Swedish cartoonist, Lars Vilks' China's exports rise 46% from a year ago Canada learns that foreign ownership means increased suffering for Canada's workers.  Bluefin tuna trade ban gains European Union backing' I know it has been said before, but Al Jazeera English is one of the best news outlets out there.  It's a shame most Americans think they're in cahoots with terrorists. 50year french mystery of the 'cursed bread' solved CIA spiked the bread with LSD as part of an experiment A new government commercial currently running on one of Britains most popular radio stations is selling one thing  fear  by encouraging Londoners to report their neighbors as terrorists if they use cash, enjoy their privacy, or even close their curtains.' This photos are taken in the mental institution, and you will get to see that most of the people are with some physical disability too. The conditions are terrible and this people dont get the proper medical care.' The Devil resides in the Vatican says Vatican Chief Exorcist.' Facebook may sue the Daily Mail  Awesome! ' Joe Biden Israel undermining peace effort' (France) Teacher Sprayed with Gas after Denouncing alQaeda...' Poll asked Should whether Arab citizens should be granted rights equal to that of Jews in Israel? 49.5% of Israeli high school students answered NO.' The human rights situation in Iran has rapidly degenerated into governmentled killings of election protesters and acts of politically motivated torture, beatings and rape' Israel's Labor Party may quit the governing coalition over settlement decision. Behold! The World's Most Traveled Man 806 countries in ten years.' Morocco says it will take a tough line on proselytizing  two days after 20 Christians are expelled for trying to convert children' 8 reporters kidnapped in Mexican city' Murdoch(jnr) illegal downloading no different from stealing a handbag ' China now has more billionaires than any other country besides the United States' Iran unveils new cruise missile' Hungary criminalises holocaust denial  Truth needs no 'law' to protect it. 7 Years After Killing, Family of Slain US Peace Activist Rachel Corrie Heads to Israel for Wrongful Death Suit Against Israeli Govt' Nationwide strike brings Greece to a standstill ' Mexican Carlos Slim Huan overtakes Bill Gates as the world's richest man, according to the Forbes 'rich list'. In related news, the Mexican GDP per capita in PPP is US$10,600. Climate change is a fact, says China' Why the Greeks are protesting Cuts in bonus pay bite into income that civil servants rely on' ANC defends 'Kill the Boer' song  The ruling ANC defended youth leader Julius Malema for singing, shoot the boers, they are rapists, saying the lyrics of the song had been quoted out of context.' Battle Ground Athens second general strike leads to pitched battles | libcom.org' A former Scientologist who says she was a child slave and alleges she saw a sixyearold boy chained up in a ship's hold is disappointed the Senate has blocked a full inquiry into the religious organisation.' Breaking Second Earthquake Strikes Chile  Magnitude 7.2' Does anybody else find it absurd that the US and NATO have been fighting the Taliban since 2001 and still haven't won?  Sweden Recognizes Armenian, Assyrian and Greek Genocide' Two Israeli soldiers face up to 3 years in prison for forcing a Palestinian boy to open up suspected ooby traps' Police State Homeland Security Shows Us Its Mobile Mind Screening Checkpoints  ' Clinton warns Netanyahu that U.S.Israeli relationship is at risk' Israel Jewish group urges supermodel not to marry Leonardo DiCaprio, because he's not Jewish Found in a burial pit Fiftyone Scandinavian Vikings decapitated by Anglo Saxons' Russia to build 12 nuclear reactors in India' The world's billionaires saw their wealth grow by 50 percent last year, and their ranks swell to 1,011, from 793, according to the latest Forbes list of billionaires. The combined net worth of these 1,011 individuals increased to $3.6 trillion, up $1.2 trillion from the year before. Police State UK develops 'Intelligent CCTV' You wonder why Greece is fucked? Hairdressers have the right to retire with a full pension at age 50. ' China's oil demand increases an 'astonishing' 28% in January, says International Energy Agency Israel seals off occupied West Bank' Japan arrests activist who boarded whaling ship' The practice of torture by the United States is a highly negative influence on the world.' Greece debt EU agrees bailout deal' Could the Israeli government make it any more obvious they have no intention of sharing the OverPromised Land with its other inhabitants?' UN Report says half of the food sent to Somalia is diverted to corrupt contractors, UN workers and militants' Lehman Brothers' former heads criticised for lapses. Yeah, because a slap on the wrist is definitely an appropriate response.. Antiwhaling activist arrives in Tokyo, is arrested by authorities' Palestinian Loss of Land 19462000' Brazilian president Lula said world leaders are afraid that Israel may attack Iran if a diplomatic solution over the countrys nuclear program is not reached quickly.' The real reason behind Greek economic problems' We must start to accept that 5% of the population at any given time is bonkers. There are no steps to be taken to stamp this out and no lessons to be learnt when a man with a beard boards a plane with an exploding dog.' A great NBC piece aired during the Olympics on what happened on September 11th when 39 transatlantic flights were redirected to the small town of Gander, Newfoundland in Canada. [Vid]' On the Spot with Kim Jongil  The Big Picture' Eleven Siberian Tigers starve to death at Chinese Zoo' US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has sharply rebuked Israel over its recent decision to build new settlements in East Jerusalem.' The likelihood of a woman dying in childbirth in the US is five times greater than in Greece  WHO' Pope will struggle to survive abuse scandal  The latest revelations are so potentially damaging to the reputation of thenCardinal Joseph Ratzinger that speculation was mounting last night that they could severely, perhaps even irreparably, damage his moral authority as Pope Benedict XVI.' Google 99.9 Percent Sure to Shut Down in China (Update1)  BusinessWeek' China to build high speed rail lines London to Beijing to Singapore' Three killed after man walks in on threesome' The bankers lied. And Darling, a mere puppet on their string, knows it Britain has paid a horrific price for allowing the City to dictate credit policy. Yet there is no inquiry, no questioning, only silence!' Over 40 people have been killed in a wave of bombings in the Pakistani city of Lahore.  It is suspected that the army was the main target, though mostly civilians were killed.' The Pope Was Drawn Directly into the Roman Catholic Sex Abuse Scandal for the First Time Tonight as News Emerged of His Part in a Decision to Send a Paedophile Priest for Therapy. The Priest Went on to Reoffend and Was Convicted of Child Abuse but Continues to Work as Priest in Upper Bavaria.' Pope is 'shocked' to hear of abuse case in Munich while he was archbishop In Argentina, any success is viewed as suspicious, unless it is won on the football pitch. An article describing in detail just how corrupt Argentina can be.  ' Pakistani Army Paying Pensions to Families of LashkareTaiba Operatives Who Carried out Mumbai Massacre...' Israel seals off the occupied Palestinian territory of West Bank  no one will be allowed in or out for 48 hours' Unique Arctic doomsday stockpile of all the world's crop seeds has reached the halfmillion species mark' 'They herded us into one place and started chopping with machetes...' Thailand braces for mass protests' Several dozen Palestinian women scuffled with Israeli troops today. Four arrested, none injured. Firebombs thrown. However, the settler movement still isn't getting the hint. China warns Google to comply with censorship laws' IRAQ Women Miss Saddam. Since Iraqis overthrew the Britishinstalled monarchy, Iraqi women had most of the rights that Western women do. Now their Constitution states Islam is the official religion of the state and is a basic source of legislation.' Rachel Corrie case stirs fresh pain and hope  Family of activist killed by Israeli bulldozer sues in an Israeli court.' Azerbaijan Appeal Court Leaves Bloggers in Jail' Oh shit. Venezuela's Chavez calls for internet controls 'The Internet cannot be something open where anything is said and done' Israeli War Tourists Watch Bombs Drop on Gaza while sipping Cappucino. ' How Dubai unraveled a homicide, frame by frame ' British couple face jail time in Dubai over kiss' Israel Punks Itself Its new ad campaign, which claims settlements are restored villages and that most Palestinians are actually economic immigrants from other countries, is drawing ridicule at home and abroad.' Sweden to recognize Armenian genocide' Don't celebrate these billionaires, be horrified by their existence Clinton berates Netanyahu over settlements' In April 2008, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a nonbinding resolution urging that every reference to Palestinian refugees raised in international forums be matched by a similarly explicit reference to the uprooting of Jewish communities from Arab countries. ' Egypt Copts ask, is the State Security there to protect all citizens or just the Muslims?' Burying myths, uncovering truth In the aftermath of fighting or repression, people are often told to forget things. But in free societies, selective memory cannot be imposed for ever' China warns Google's partners to censor search results even if Google wont. If you want to do something that disobeys Chinese law and regulations, you are unfriendly, you are irresponsible and you will have to bear the consequences. Is the Pope Toast?' Powerful 7.0magnitude earthquake strikes Indonesia' Fake Russian Attack Report Throws Georgia in Panic  An anchor of Imedi TV has apologized for the panic the report might have created, saying, We just wanted to show what the most terrible day in Georgias history could be like.' Thousands attend antiBerlusconi protest in Rome' Berlin's police will allow children to legally make a noise. Nato covered up botched night raid in Afghanistan that killed five' UK plans to cut the drink driving limit to less than a pint of beer or a glass of wine ' 10,000 Bikers in Wootton Bassett tribute to fallen  soldiers' Black fathers urged to be more involved with their children' Video Inside Scotland Yards deep infiltration squad' Israel's announcement of plans to build 1,600 homes for Jews in East Jerusalem was destructive to peace efforts, a top aide to Barack Obama says SARKOZY faces likely defeat.' A bantustan was a territory set aside for black inhabitants of South Africa , as part of the policy of apartheid [pic].' In short, right now America has China over a barrel, not the other way around.' How to Track a Crisis A small Kenyanborn organization called Ushahidi, has become a hero of the Haitian and Chilean earthquakes and may have something larger to tell us about the future of humanitarianism, innovation...' IsraelUS ties at 'historic low' We can't go round injecting our brains with Tralfamadorian grey matter, because it doesn't exist. Instead the closest thing we have is LSD, which must be pumped into the water supply Wyclef Jean Paid His Mistress $105,000 Through His Haiti Charity' Sweden's PM apologizes for 'genocide' vote   Do you think the massacres of Armenians by Ottoman Turks should be labeled genocide? Shanghai prepares for Expo 2010 [PICS]' Israels apartheid Making Palestinians pay for Hitlers crimes' Iran sentences 6 protesters to death. The protesters wanted to celebrate a thousandyear old annual tradition (the Feast of Fire), which was deemed by supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei as having, ...no religious basis and is harmful and must be avoided.' Muslim gangs imposing sharia law in British prisons' General Petraeus, responsible in part for the successful surge in Iraq, asked for IsraelPalestine to be put under his regional command.' British couple appealing Dubai kiss conviction  A man and a woman kissing is against the law. Dubai  a place to be.' Married for a Minute Is Iran's mullahbacked system of temporary marriage a godsend for the sexually frustratedor religious prostitution? Fathers in the UK will now be able to spend the night in the maternity ward with their new baby' Democracy proposed for Britain  Labour has plan to ditch the House of Lords ' COMPUTER hackers linked to the Russian mafia robbed Royal Bank of Scotland customers of 6million in 12 hours.' How Dubai unraveled a homicide, frame by frame  A mix of oldfashioned legwork and hightech razzledazzle, scouring hundreds of hours of surveillance videos, helped police home in on suspects in a Hamas man's slaying, blamed on Israel's Mossad. The Australian Government says it has been swamped by overseas requests for camels since efforts to control feral camels in Central Australia attracted international media attention.' 80pc of Chileans without powernnA vast area of earthquakehit Chile, including the capital city of Santiago, has been plunged into darkness by a massive blackout, the National Emergency Office said.' Man threatens massacre at Stockholm college on 4chan, arrested.' The White House is raising the stakes with Israel, calling it an insult and an affront that the Jewish nation would continue plans to build 1,600 new apartments' Pope's friend, a German cardinal, suspended for children sexabuse conviction In an effort to stop growing Palestinian protests against the Wall, Israel declares the West Bank villages of Bil'in and Ni'lin a closed military area until August 17.' 5 Reasons Why Russia Isn't China. Europe trashes ACTA as Obama praises it' Australia gets rid of the death penalty for good' China to connect its High Speed Rail all the way to Europe.' Study finds 55 percent of newspaper stories are placed' US backs down as per usual in row with Israel.' Mother who killed 6 babies tells court I won't do it again' While Finland declares that Internet Access is a fundamental right, Canada is cutting funding for community Internet access sites' Monsanto admits their technology doesnt work!' As 100,000+ protesters gather in Bangkok, Thai Prime Minister rejects a demand from protesters to resign and call elections.' Final destination Iran? | Hundreds of powerful U.S. bunkerbuster bombs are being shipped from California to the British island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean in preparation for a possible attack on Iran.' Obama's patience wearing thin with Israel Remember Rachel Corrie' Thai protesters have splashed hundreds of litres of their own blood outside government headquarters in a sacrifice for democracy' The world's shortest man, He Pingping, has died at the age of 21, a Guinness World Records spokesman said.  The short sad life of whites in Africa' Russian oligarch and ex KGB agent Alexander Lebedev to buy British paper The Independent. The Indy, created in 1986 by 3 journalists from the Telegraph, attracted staff from Murdoch broadsheets and challenging The Guardian for centreleft readers, and The Times as a newspaper of record. ' Hamas calls for intifada Martyrs by the millions, onwards to Jerusalem' Booming Business Germany Now World's Third Largest Arms Exporter Lieberman who do you really work for?  Obvious not the health of the American people since you oppose healthcare reform.  And obviously not for our Troops beacuse you're endangering them by our blind support for Isreal.   How Your Twitter Account Could Land You in Jail in the U.S.' Saakashvili Staged TV Report of Russian Invasion   BusinessWeek' In a break from the usual atmosphere in the  worldnews reddit, I present possible GOOD news  from Sri Lanka.' Krugman to China's Currency Appeasers   The respectful thing would be to assume that everything (China's Leaders) say in public about the issue is a lie' Michael Foot, dead at 96, was a class act. An erudite party rebel famed for rousing oratory, he ended up with the magnificent and hopeless quest of leading a split Labour party in the dark 80s. The crowd of mourners were mostly greyold socialists saying farewell to a dream that never came true.' Shark fin  A multibillion dollar trade' TV news chief kidnapped in Venezuela' Spanish music rights organization SGAE brings link site to court. Outcome if an individual uses P2P networks like eDonkey or BitTorrent to obtain copyright material for nonprofit reasons, the act is completely legal. Whoops!' Pepsi to pull drinks from schools worldwide' The New York Times again refers to settlements as suburbs and neighborhoods, omitting the fact that they are illegal under the Geneva Convention, as ruled upon by the World Court. Orwell was right, the biggest lie of all is omission.' Israel virtually destroyed a school in Gaza and now they refuse to allow it to be repaired. I guess Israels policy is to deny Palestinians education then mock them for being uneducated.' A great read from 1982 when Ronald Reagan threatened to impose sanctions on Israel for the Siege of Beirut.' To prove how tolerant they are of ethnic minorities, Turkey threatens to expel 100,000 Armenians' Dubai jail 2 Indians for sending text messages.  Judge says SMS showed they planned to commit sin i.e have extramarital sex.' Israeli Army Policy We will allow Palestinians to record stuff, because you know, we don't do anything that is bad, Reality IDF soldiers attempt to prevent filming for fear they will be caught doing something bad. Official Policy vs. Reality strikes again in Israel Does Israel's settlement expansion have the support of the American people?  Short Answer NO. Israel is not only doing the Islamic Resistance Movement's bidding  Washington is beginning to relate to the Netanyahu government as if it were Hamas U.S. general Petraeus IsraelPalestinian conflict foments antiU.S. sentiment'  Game show contestants turn torturers in a new psychological experiment for French television, zapping a man with electricity until he cries for mercy  then zapping him again until he seems to drop dead.' In a Desert in China, a Trove of 4,000YearOld European Mummies' Construction workers for the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics have gone unpaid since December. Many are without food and forced to quit the job.' Chile Why were new buildings prone to destruction? Apartment owners are turning to legal action after their homes collapsed.' Pakistani court charges 5 Americans with terrorism' Brazil president steps between Israel and Iran The world leaders I spoke to believe that we must act quickly, otherwise Israel will attack Iran' Playboy accidentally played out on children's TV  Riots rock Jerusalem as Hamas calls for new 'intifada'. Hundreds of Palestinians clashed with Israeli security forces across eastnJerusalem on Tuesday in the worst rioting in years as a senior Hamas leaderncalled for a new 'intifada,' or uprising.' Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel says she wants the eurozone to be able to exclude one of its members in future if that is necessary to avert a crisis. The children of Sialkot now toil in the local brickworks' Mexico urges US help in drug war ' Turkey PM says the country could deport up to 100,000 Armenians' Australian families have made serious allegations of corruption within Australia's intercountry adoption program with Ethiopia. Afghanistan Enacts Law That Gives War Criminals Blanket Immunity' UK  The Lib Dems would restore people's right to privacy which has been trampled on by the government, party leader Nick Clegg is to say.' In Thailand, a populist political party wins by a landslide . As PM, the partys leader enacts policies that halve poverty. The established elites fight back, eventually staging a military coop. We had to stop democracy to save democracy, they say. ' A 29yearold tourist from the Philippines has spent five days in custody after Australian Customs officials mistook iced tea for drugs.' Should flight attendants be allowed to refuse to fly with a pilot they believe to be suicidally depressed?' Irish Catholic church paid child sex abuse victim to keep quiet' Palestine names street after Rachel Corrie' Finally  Irelands most corrupt banker arrested. ' Adolf Hitler widely admired in Pakistan.' Gaza fires rockets at civillians in Southern Israel, kills kibbutz worker' A series of explosive child sex abuse scandals has hit Western Europe in recent months, sending the Catholic Church into damagecontrol mode. This is the list.' Silvio Berlusconi in protection deal with mafia' Silvio Berlusconi caught trying to stifle media' UN body rejects bluefin tuna ban' North Korean finance official blamed for currency crisis executed by firing squad' Briton is recognised as world's first officially genderless person. Fresh tensions between Canada and Russia emerged Wednesday after Russian President Dmitry Medvedev told a session of his Security Council that his country must be prepared to defend its claims to Arctic mineral riches.' Police or provocateurs?' 51 Headless Vikings in English Execution Pit Confirmed' Retired U.S. general links Srebrenica genocide to  gays in Dutch army' Paris Club forgives Afghanistan's debt, a deal worth 1 billion dollars.    Three jailed for Auschwitz sign theft    Twoandahalf years in prison for stealing the infamous Arbeit Macht Frei sign from the Auschwitz death camp.' Vatican ends wall of silence over child abuse scandal' Central Bank Gold Holdings Expand at Fastest Pace Since 1964   Bloomberg.com' North Korean finance chief executed for botched currency reform' Web inventor calls for government data transparency' Atlantic Bluefin tuna ban collapses at UN after Canada teamed up with Japan to prevent fishing ban as the only way to save the critically endangered species from extinction. WTF?!!' All 33 children taken from Haiti, ranging in age from 4 months to 12 years, turn out to have parents and have been reunited. ' New Zealand rejects indoor 'cubical farming' for cows as unnatural. New Zealand milk and meat will still be the best in the world  naturally grass fed Dutch fury at US general's gay theory over Srebrenica  Scientists have created the first device to render an object invisible in three dimensions.' Social Immobility Report finds the U.S. ranking well below Denmark, Australia, Norway, Finland, Canada, Sweden, Germany and Spain in terms of how freely citizens move up or down the social ladder.' Two bomb disposal experts have received the George Cross, S/Sgt Schmid posthumously, S/Sgt Hughes for disarming three IED's by hand, without any protective clothing, while under enemy fire.  Three million dollars on hookers ' Billionaires and MegaCorporations Behind Immense Land Grab in Africa' TV presenter gets death sentence for 'sorcery' Growing pedophilia scandal reaches the top of the Vatican' Bring back the brothel, says female French MP ' Sarkozy Opposes IMF Loan to Greece, Widens Rift With Germany' Israel's Troubling Tilt Toward Apartheid  Today a virulent form of Zionism is turning Israel in the direction of an intolerant apartheid state. Isle of Wight rapist caught by daughter's DNA The Pentagon's Propaganda Networks Lines in the Mideast sand  How Israel has again crossed a line with its US ally, and why Obama can't let that happen. MI5 Britain four meals away from anarchy' Strongly worded statement from Middle East peace envoys calls for pullout from Palestinian territories within 24 months' Euro retreats vs dollar on nagging Greece worriesn' US Trade Representative has already told members of Congress it is their intention to marginalize the participation by consumer interest organizations in the new [ACTA] forum.' Germany Responsible for Europe's crisis? Germans are shocked to hear their thrifty ways blamed for causing the Euro's instability. To be eligible for employment as a Somali pirate, a volunteer should already possess a...........' AntiBritish extremists have firebombed a branch of HSBC in Argentina  sparking fears of a dramatic escalation in the Falklands row. [Sun...]' Nigeria recalls ambassador to Libya after Khadaffi recommends Nigeria break into 2 a Christian and a Muslim part.' The Catholic church and paedophilia The pope should say plainly and loudly that sexual abuse of children is not just sinful. It is criminal' Dear BBC, please stop putting 30 second adverts before 10 second videos' Homosexuality and the Srebrenica Massacre Dutch Leader Calls US General's Gay Remarks 'Disgraceful Tony Blair waged an extraordinary twoyear battle to keep secret a lucrative deal with a multinational oil giant which has extensive interests in Iraq. The secret is now out.' Ireland to hold referendum on removing blasphemy law from constitution' UN chief Ban Kimoon demands Israel settlements halt' It's wrong  people telling us what we can and can't eat, foreigners eat cows. ... Catching dolphins is part of that village's tradition.' The Game of Death The Milgram Experiment has been repeated, disguised as a French reality show. The results are still the same.' Pres. Obama addresses Iran.' The German archdiocese led by the future Pope Benedict XVI ignored repeated warnings by a psychiatrist treating a priest accused of sexually abusing boys' I'm Not the Messiah, Says Food Activist... but His Many Worshippers Do Not Believe Him | nMembers of religious group believe Londonborn author has come to save the world Everyone knows Japan fought against the ban that would have helped save the bluefin tuna from imminent collapse, but few realize that Canada was also strongly against the ban. And Canada also opposed a proposal to ban the devastating practice of bottom trawling. WTF is wrong with Canada anyway?!' Israeli Army shoots dead stone throwing Palestinian kid [Al Jazeera]' Turkish PM why pressure Iran, not nuclear Israel? Erdogan countries with nuclear weapons not in moral position to lecture other nations on nuclear. (How dare he point out this hypocrisy!?!)' Catholic Church's sex abuse scandal goes global Dozens charged over Turkey 'plot' False flag terror attacks to bring down government Fareed Zakaria The Israeli Prime Minister says his nation's security is his top priority. Too bad he's undermining it. Beijing has been shrouded in orange dust as a strong sandstorm blew hundreds of miles from droughtstruck northern China to the nation's capital. Orde Wingate, one of finest British commanders of WW2 was as bent as ninebob note. Rarely washed, tried to cut his own throat, forced 40,000 Italian troops to surrender' Dr Norman Finkelstein's appearance at the University of Waterloo was a combative one with lots of heckling and cheering throughout the speech. As we've come to expect, he delivered a blistering message on Israel that was the polar opposite of the mainstream mantra. (video) This quiet experiment in northern China appears to  show that the Government can slow down or halt  population growth while allowing families more  than one child. ' [North Korea Census 2008] Korean Peoples Army estimated to number 700 thousand troops' PAKISTAN A Hindu teenager is told to marry her alleged rapist' Russia's day of wrath  Thousands protest in largest show of discontent since Putin came to power.' Cambodians banned temporarily from marrying Koreans diplomat' UK government in full damage control members of Parliament caught red handed selling political influence for cash' A rather aggressive border closing ceremony...' Obama And The United States Won't Stop Israeli Aggression Because They Can't... The relationship has become so onesided that America is forced to apologize when Israel spits in America's face' Revealed Tony Blair's secret oil links to Middle East  THIS is why they went to war with Iraq After two students are killed during a gunfight, the director of one of the best private universities in Mexico calls the United States corrupt and suggests changing the drug policies in both countries.' Volcano eruption under a glacier in Iceland' Academic Paper in China Sets Off Alarms in U.S.' Death stalks the frozen land of Genghis Khan nMongolia is experiencing the worst famine in a generation' The US finally seems to be losing patience now that Netanyahu's behaviour is endangering its troops Palestinians shot dead by Israeli troops near Nablus' Israeli education ministry censors Universal Declaration of Human Rights' British MP's caught on camera in sting operation showing them selling their services for  UN Secretary General Ban Kimoon enters Gaza to show solidarity with Palestinians' Rise of the Red Tories We are living in a modernday version of serfdom, living in dependency to the banks. It is time to break up the banks. This (believe it or not) is supposedly the new ideology of the UK's Conservative Party. But how serious are they?' Explosives found aboard India plane' Venezuela announces power penalties, cuts power to Sony offices' Palestinians Protestor injured by IDF fire dies  bullet wounds appear to be from LIVE bullets, not rubber.' Leftists defeat Sarkozy's conservatives EU Naval Force Confront Somali Pirates, So They Jump Overboard.' Senior alShabab commander assassinated in Somalia' South Sudans road to independence with almost no skills, resources. Not medicine, not government, not even agriculture. A society before civilization' Chinese Academics Paper on Cyberwar Sets Off Alarms in U.S.' During Gaza visit, UN chief calls Israel siege 'unsustainable and wrong'  A new campaign urges standard European Union regulations to fight female genital mutilation' UN chief says Gaza suffering under Israeli blockade' Charlie Brooker The most dangerous drug isn't meow meow. It isn't even alcohol... This week's Economist is banned in Thailand, due to its critical, honest look at the political unrest in the country. Well worth a read. British inquiry into Iraq war turns toward Bush' Google Pulls Out Of China' Bushmen mark eight years without water' A policeman struck a G20 protester twice with a metal baton after mistaking a carton of orange juice in her hand for a weapon' Beautifullyillustrated 9min video explaining the complexities of the world food market How is it that 1 in 7 people go hungry?' Nuclear physicist gone without a trace' India successfully testfires BrahMos supersonic cruise missile' Quebecers rally to put secularism on agenda' hey worldnews.reddit, I've spent the last week in Bangkok taking photos of the massive red shirt protests. Here are my photos & a roundup. AMA China Says That It May Go from Giant Trade Surplus to Trade DEFICIT in March' WHO finds drugresistant TB on the rise in Russia, China, and India.' Israeli Jews steal more land from Palestinians, says the Palestinians made them do it and it's for their own good. UN Polluted water killing, sickening millions  More than half of the world's hospital beds are filled by people suffering from waterrelated illnesses' PROTEST FAIL Students protest tuition fee hike by destroying school property bought by the money from tuition fees' Day of Wrath protests occur simultaneously in 20 Russian cities.' How the UN got scammed for millions The peace profiteer' We have a woman that has been shot; she needs help. Stop shooting. There is no reason to be shooting at people like this. You are in THEIR village.' Ireland greets pope's apology with skepticism, calling the pope's analysis flawed Israeli leader flies for talks with Obama as four more teenager killings raise tension in West Bank' A looming earthquake in Nepal could be catastrophic  worse than Haiti or Chile' War is coming  Israel to ask US for bombs in the fight against Iran's Nuclear sites  Berlin Divided on Greece Merkel Takes on the EU and Her Own Finance Minister.' Germans Oppose Greek Aid, Poll Shows  Fierce German resistance to helping crisishit Greece has emerged in a Financial Times opinion poll that strengthens the hand of Angela Merkel, the chancellor, b/f a possible European showdown this week over financial aid for Athens.' Israels latest FU to US  We'll do what we want with East Jerusalem, it's not up for negotiation. Australia nearly 55% of stories analysed were driven by some form of public relations. Many journalists and editors were defensive when the phone call came. Most refused to respond, others who initially granted an interview then asked for their comments to be withdrawn out of fear.' Air pollution levels in Hong Kong have reached a record high, prompting government warnings to people to avoid going out.' Every year, more people die from unsafe water than from all forms of violence, including warn' Cyprus to run out of drinking water' New Study Israel in recent years has spent &gt; $17 billion building 12 million square meters of roads, homes and factories for Jewish settlers in the occupied Palestinian West Bank.' India will Use Hottest Chili in the World to Fight Terrorism' UK to expel Israeli diplomat over fake British passport used in assassination in Dubai' India's unbearable lightness of being Jeremy Paxman interviews Ann Coulter...love his work' UK Foreign Secretary Israel Is Behind The Cloned British Passports Used In Hamas Killing In Dubai' BREAKING Britain To Expel Israeli Diplomat Over Duplication Of Passports' How New Labour can you get? 4 British MPs, including three Blairera Cabinet ministers, caught trying to sell their influence for thousands of pounds. I'm a bit like a sort of cab for hire, I suppose, Stephen Byers told undercover reporters masquerading as reps of a US company.' Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has asserted Israel's right to build in Jerusalem, following a row with the US over plans for new homes in the city.' Silvio Berlusconi to push for change to Italian constitution for greater powers' Venezuela arrests Chavez critic for conspiracy' Germany's effort to rein in its expensive social welfare system has been ruled unconstitutional. How it now moves to balance its books as well as meet what it considers basic human needs could set a model for others The vast majority of Russian prisoners  724,000 out of a total prison population of 862,000  still live in freestanding barracks, roughhewn, lowslung buildings of wood or brick encircled by barbed wire, usually in a remote place. Medvedev seeks to reform Sovietaged prison system.' UK's police state Police in Nottingham city were out tackling knife crimea search centre was set up where a full body scanner checked suspects.  Vladimir Putin was most likely involved in the 1999 Russian apartment bombings. The American voting public ought to have been aware of this. The conventions of the news media and of our overall societal structure are such that this will never be widely known.' German elderly kidnap financial advisor over failed invesments' Hillary tells AIPAC, the occupation is hurting the US around the world' World's cleverest man turns down $1million prize after solving one of mathematics' greatest puzzlesnn ExNazi assassin jailed for life  At 88, how long will that be?' Remember the British MP's caught red handed  selling political influence for cash? Here they are ON  CAMERA boasting about their corruption CNN Wikileaks iReport Reddit, PLEASE view and comment on this story so it can get vetted and put on the CNN website. We really need to raise awareness of what's happening to Wikileaks. Thank you and please upvote this. I'm not a karmawhore, this is just a throwaway. Israels No renting to Arabs policy Since the Jewish couple offered to rent their home to Arab friends, their life has been a living hell.' At least a full version of the ACTA has leaked. Not the definitive version, but enough to see what the future may become.' Thousands of Canadians protest Ann Coulter after she told a Muslim to take a camel (instead of a flying carpet, of course) ' Nigeria bans internet discussion of its first Islamic wrist amputation for theft' Chile The earthquake picture I never sent' Canadians didn't stop Ann Coulter from speaking  her own security did. And then she blamed it on Canadian police. What a bitch.  Tony Blair in citizen's arrest scare as Brussels journalist tries to detain him over 'war crimes' Kafkas Castle is collapsing | You cant reason with the absurd, as IKEA found when it tried to build a model business in Russia. Institutional corruption is out of control. Kafkas Castle is finally collapsing. This is good news, ordinary Russians are losing their fear. Now theyre just angry' Has Germany just killed the dream of a European superstate?' FBI protects key terrorist in Mumbai attacks, won't let Indian authorities interrogate him nor won't let lawyer of the families of the 166 victims question him in his upcoming trail in Chicago reason suggested is he has ties to U.S intelligence Google fined for uncensored dirty jokes' The Coming ChinaIndia Conflict Is War Inevitable?' UN passes three resolutions condemning Israel over repeated human rights violations. Now guess who voted against them all?' China hits back at Google's uncensored Hong Kong servers  searches disabled or links blocked GoDaddy.com plans to stop registering domain names in China' Legality of US drones questioned' Airport guard 'misused scanner' Mideast peace effort is a charade. Something's changed in the U.S. when this headline can make it on CNN.com and actually be about Israel's lack of interest in any deal. Top ten reasons East Jerusalem does not belong exclusively to JewishIsraelis' NATO habitually lying about killing innocent civilians' Growing Opposition To EU Membership In Norway  The opposition to Norwegian membership in the EU is growing. The March survey shows that if a national referendum had been held today, 56% of the voters would have said no to Norwegian membership.' Just hours after Israeli PM's meeting with Obama, Israel announces 100 more houses in East Jerusalem. Schneier on Airport Security Bringing lots of liquids on a plane at Schiphol. This would worry me, if the liquid ban weren't already useless Ottawa joins the war on photography' Pope Benedict XVI  failed to defrock an American priest who molested hundreds of deaf boys, despite receiving letters from a number of American bishops pleading with him to act' Sinead O'Connor 'There should be a full criminal investigation of the pope' North Koreans who fled to China describe acute shortages and anger after a disastrous currency devaluation. As an ailing Kim tries to secure his son's ascension, some people are beginning to speak out.  Victims of sexual abuse by priests demonstrated at the Vatican on Thursday demanding that Pope Benedict open up files on pedophile Catholic clerics worldwide and immediately defrock all predator priests.' U.S./Russia agree to cut nuclear arsenals to only 1,500 nukes.  Also, U.S./Russia agree that they need 1,500 nukes.  ' Interesting Locals kill Afghan suicide bomber before he can detonate his vest' Despite row, U.S. and Israel sign massive arms deal' Remember that British Policeman caught striking a woman at the G20? Hes in the dock for Common Assault. In his defence he thought the juice box and camera she had in each hand looked like weapons' The terror threat facing the UK has been overstated by the Government since the 9/11 attacks in America, a group of MPs and peers signal today. ' U.N. Human Rights Council says Israel should pay Palestinians reparations for loss and damages suffered during last year's war in the Gaza Strip Russian bombers 'intercepted in British airspace'  CNN.com Purple protests on streets of Rome. Protestors are outraged by Berlusconi's huge influenceover the country's television and media and his attacks on  the county's judges. A good BBC piece on how a wide range of Israeli's feel about the building of new homes in East Jerusalem.  You may be surprised at what they are saying. Strip clubs banned in Iceland' Israel braces for more expulsions in Mossad row Australia, France, Germany and Ireland are all investigating the suspected theft of the identities of their nationals' Israeli soldiers 'used child to check for boobytraps'  Bush handwipe video was doctored' Yemen where men marry children  Fathers marry off preteen daughters here for many reasons, not least to remarry themselves.' A Female Approach to Peacekeeping When female soldiers are present, the situation is closer to real life, and as a result the men tend to behave' Burma's Looming Guerilla War Junta Prepares to Take on the Ethnic Militias WikiLeaks Followed by CIA and State Department | WikiLeaks is currently under an aggressive U.S. and Icelandic surveillance operation,' UK Why did Gordon Brown Sell Britain's Gold Reserves? 'It's Time for Turkey to Snap Out of Its SelfDelusion'  Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has once again suggested that Germany establish Turkishlanguage high schools for its immigrant population of Turkish descent. Regardless of the idea's merits, it is unlikely to endear him to Merkel 60 million people in China are struggling under worst drought conditions in a century' Islamic court in Nigeria bans Twitter and Facebook for debating on amputation under Sharia law' Blair Strikes Oil in Iraq. In the 3 years since he stepped down as prime minister, Blair pocketed more than $30 million in oil revenues from secret dealings with a South Korean oil consortium, UI Energy Corporation. Despite his best efforts to keep his connection to UI secret, word is spreading...' WIKILEAKS(PDF) CIA public apathy enables leaders to ignore voters Cia details how to get war support.' Not exactly the bitch slap Israel needs from the US, but it's a start. Fidel Castro Truly unusual that 234 years after the Declaration of Independence in 1776, that the U.S. government has passed [a law for] medical attention for the vast majority of its citizens, something that Cuba achieved for its entire population half a century ago' 73% of Russians view US as an aggressor trying to take control of all countries in the world. ' The Vatican has attacked the media over charges that the Pope failed to act against a US priest accused of abusing up to 200 deaf boys two decades ago.' For years, Dutch law enforcement officials have been listening in on conversations between lawyers and their clients. The prosecutors office itself now wants to put an end to the practice.' UK police asks Internet cafes to monitor customers ' Ciudad Jurez is one of the fastest growing cities in the world, in spite of the fact that it is the most violent zone in the world outside of declared war zones.' Police chief beheaded in north Mexico' China overtook the US during 2009 to become the leading investor in renewable energy technologies.' Owner of the only remaining TV station in Venezuela critical of Hugo Chavez has been arrested.' CIA prepared birthday cake for double agent who bombed Afghan base and killed seven CIA employees' Google booted from China's number two carrier Signs of Big Bang in North Korea?' Israel and Hamas forces 'clash on Gaza border' Arab media reports two Israeli troops have been killed east of Khan Younis Pakistani jets kill nearly 50 in tribal region' China Is Beating the Pants Off the U.S. in Clean Energy  China invested nearly twice as much money$34.6 billionin clean energy projects in 2009' DID THE POPE protect a pedophile?' nBeijing to sweeten stench of rubbish crisis with giant deodorant guns' Times and Sunday Times websites to charge from June' A cloud of smog hovers over Mongolias capital' Israel and Hamas forces 'clash on Gaza border' Two Israeli troops killed, retaliation expected 'Misleading' police advert banned The ASA said the advertisement broke its rules on being legal, decent, honest, truthful. The advertiser? The UK Government ...' This author's whole life was building towards this moment... (check his name) S.Korean naval ship sinking with 100 on board, North Korean torpedo attack suspected!' Christopher Hitchens Catholic Church Wants 'Wiggle Room' For Rape And Torture Of Children How Saudis really see Americans If you believe a new Burger King ad, Americans are clueless about the Mideast.' Israel remains defiant amid allies' growing anger Islamists give gay activists 3 days to leave Indonesia. Activists from the Front for the Defence of Islam gave the delegates from 13 countries attending the meeting of the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Intersex Association until Sunday to leave Indonesia.' Child abuse scandal is war etween church and world' Iceland just passed a law banning all strip clubs, making it the first country to ban stripping for feminist rather than religious reasons' How to launder a million dirty dollars' Vatican turns on senior Irish clergy. Irish Catholic Church  effectively placed it in receivership.' Israeli Tanks Move Into Gaza After Deadly Clashes' British government exaggerating terrorist threat, say MPs' Ian Tomlinson family waits for answers one year on from G20 protests' We're still asking for our independence, no more, and no less. There's a lot of oppression here. The secret police are everywhere. There's no freedom of speech.  Life in Africa's last colony' The boys were dealt with using community resolution, an alternative way of dealing with less serious crime.  BBC' Allawi wins most Iraq poll seats' Australian victims of nuclear testing sue the U.K.' Saudi prince arrested in Lebanon over drugs' Israel condemned at Arab summit' Quick before it goes behind a paywall and we never see another link to the website again, have a laugh and check out the name of the author!' Jerusalem to dominate Arab summit' China adding missiles near Taiwan navy official' UK's newspaper and media company, Independent, pays Russian billionaire and Gorbachev cohort Alexander Lebedev 9.25 million pounds to take over its operations. IRAQ Elections Allawi wins by slight margin, alMaliki rejects results' To increase European support for the war in Afghanistan, the CIA wants to recruit Afghan women to act as public relations ambassadors...' Christopher Hitchens Catholic Church Wants 'Wiggle Room' For Rape And Torture Of Children (VIDEO) WikiLeaks to release video of civilians, journalists being murdered in airstrike' The priest who abused deaf boys for 24 years Father Murphy was the only adult his pupils could communicate with  and he betrayed them' Before you start mouthing off about Hitler, you'd  better know your Nazis  David Mitchell Mexican Police Chief DECAPITATED By Drug Cartel' 'The Pope should resign. He should offer himself up to authorities for prosecution, like the sacrificial lamb hes supposed to represent here on earth.' The Swiss Army and the Porcupine Principle' Over 3,000 White farmers have been killed since 1994 in South Africa.' CIA leak shows plans to market Afghan war to Europeans  A CIA expert has called for optimistic Afghans and their womenfolk to be recruited as flagwavers for the NATO mission, to persuade sceptical Europeans to support the war, according to a document leaked on Friday' Holocaust scholars on Thursday attacked a bid to include images of kissing lesbians in a monument dedicated to the thousands of homosexuals persecuted by the Nazis, saying it distorted history.' 'What Is So Bad About Dying?' The UK government needs to be less deferential towards the US and more willing to say no to Washington, a group of MPs have said.' 'Special relationshipetween UK and US is over, according to British MPs The world's first zerocarbon city is being built in Abu Dhabi and is designed to be not only free of cars and skyscrapers but also powered by the sun. the youngest person to die was a threeyearold girl who was burned to death, some people were killed by having their heads smashed with axes  New massacre uncovered in Congo is one of their worst to date. ' Depleted by an Americanbacked offensive and seemingly desperate for new conscripts, the Lords Resistance Army, one of the most infamous armed groups in Africa, has killed hundreds of villagers in this remote corner of Congo and kidnapped hundreds more, marching them off in a vast human chain.' BBC News  Sunk South Korea naval ship Cheonan 'split in half' Following in Switzerland's Footsteps  International RightWingers Gather for EUWide Minaret Ban The IDF 'Death Zone' Policy if a Palestinian steps within 300 meters of the Gaza/Israel border on Gaza's side the IDF is ordered to shoot at them and based on what has happened they are allowed to shoot with lethal intent Cloud seeding brings rainfall to droughthit SW China province' Honduras Two journalists gunned down in ambush, bringing media death toll in March to five' Seoul has no evidence it was North Korea that caused South Korean warship to blow in half' Immunization drive aims to stop polio, once thought eradicated in Guinea UNICEF.' Church of Greece agrees to pay tax' Russia Bans Hitler's Mein Kampf as Extremist' BBC News  Switzerland casino is robbed by armed gang' Large explosion in Moscow Subway.' Morally bankrupt and no longer even trying When you read about the complete collapse of the Atlantic bluefin tuna population and its eventual extinction in a few years from now, remember that it was Canada (aside from Japan), that was responsible' I wish Redditors would bear this in mind when submitting news links about the UK...' Did you know that for the last three years until today Israel has been completely blocking all shipments of clothes and shoes to the Gaza Strip?  Was this really necessary?' Catholic Church will not be intimidated by sex abuse claims, Pope says; Insists claims are petty gossip' World War II Veterans Must Pay To Sing War Songs' 153 trapped in China coal mine!' UK government set to rush through the Digital Economy Bill (which was partwritten by the BPI) with only a brief reading and minimal debate' One of Romania's most powerful criminals has warned his country must do something to stop the wave of Gypsy child crime that is sweeping Europe or face a backlash against Romanians. Jim Rogers Greece Should Have Been Left to Die  The Greeks have never lived within their means, and I suspect this time they won't either, until they're forced to by either bankruptcy or by someone just refusing to give them loans, Rogers says.' Israel defiant Against US pressure to halt construction We are the ones who have exclusive responsibility for Israels fate and future.' French teachers walk out over violence  Since the beginning of the year, French schools have seen a string of attacks' Israel allows clothes, shoes into blockaded Gaza for first time in three years' James Lovelock It may be necessary to put democracy on hold for a while [to combat climate change]' Police Chief in Mexcio beheaded' Blood and Treasure Why one of the world's richest countries is also one of its poorest. Singapore's Leaders at it Again NYT journalists Sued for Libel' Interview with Turkey's Prime Minister  'There Can be No Talk of Genocide' [against the Armenians] Hardship deepens for South Africa's poor whites BBC | French students shy of real world' Did Iraq Just Elect a MassMurderer?' More Internet Censorship coming up in Europe?!' Mine from North Korea may have sunk South Korean naval ship' Pakistan Fresh clashes kill 30 in near Afghan border' Colombian rebels release one of two soldiers promised this week. ' British Redditors, we have 7 days left before the Digital Economy Bill is rushed through Parliament without debate.' If you come to France  and something happens to you, you won't be asked for your credit card before you're rushed to the hospital. Sarkozy pokes fun at the U.S. Healthcare debate.' Corrie was killed by an Israeli bulldozer while trying to protect Palestinian homes. Her family has been met with hostility while pursuing a civil suit after calling the investigation a 'whitewash.' CIA  Iran capable of producing nukesnUSA  Washington Times and CIA are capable of producing lies' Sinead O'Connor writes a wonderful oped on the Irish Catholic Church's sex scandal Thousands of homeless people are being forced off the streets of South Africa to hide the scale of poverty there from World Cup fans.' South Korea ship 'may have hit mine' When you hear of innocent Afghans becoming collateral damage  don't just think of them as a number. Think of them as Human Beings. ' A gang of robbers have dug their way into the vault of a Parisian bank and emptied almost 200 private safes, police said.' Secularist Allawi defeats incumbent halfsectarian Shiite Prime Minister Maliki in Iraqi elections' Korean War mine dating back to the 195053 Korean War 'sunk' South Korean navy ship Hitmen kill 10 youths in Mexico's drughit north 19 black widows still at large and poised to launch fresh attacks. Largescale terror campaign may be about to begin' When the ABC asked Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang for his reaction to the comments, there was an angry reply.nnWe express serious concern about the Australian comments, Mr Qin said.' British MPs call for review of arms exports after Israeli assault on GazaUK arms exports to Israel should not be used in the occupied territories.' Amnesty International on Tuesday challenged the Chinese authorities to reveal how many people they execute and sentence to death, as the organization published its world overview of the death penalty for 2009. ' British soldiers 'survive on spam for up to 50 days' China Crunch Time' Gao Zhisheng, Chinese human rights lawyer, is free again.' Sold, raped and jailed, a girl faces Afghan justice' Pakistan's child soldiers Children are tools to achieve God's will. And whatever comes your way, you sacrifice it.' Pope accused in yet ANOTHER new U.S. predator priest case' Gold Market Manipulation Biggest scam in the history of financial markets, in excess of $1 trillion, a matter of national security.  How is this not on the front page of every MSM outlet?! [whistleblower interview]' The students, ages 8 to 21, were on their way to pick up scholarships when apparent drug gang members opened fire and threw grenades after their vehicle failed to stop at a checkpoint. ' Canadians investigating sex abuse charges against  doctor who used electroshock therapy on gays' Fox News Ripping Content Straight from the Depths of Reddit' South African musicians not featured in World Cup opening concert controlled by Fifa; threaten to have a free concert. One concert name proposed 'Fuck Fifa'. More suicide bombings in Russia.  ' First they lose their parents; then they're placed inside a catholic orphanage; then the German bishop Walter Mixa decides to punish them. Theyre Not Brainwashed, Theyre Just Miserable  What North Koreans really want.' Statistical analysis on the interlocking and complex Celtic symbols shows they're actually a written language. The UK Government Wants to Open Our Mail.' The message being is Israel is going to ban  peaceful marches, what does it consider legitimate  opposition to their occupation.' Afghanistan, March, 2010  The Big Picture' Fox News Reporter Justin Fishel Lies About Iranian Nuclear Program' Four men were jailed for after being found guilty of carrying out a 1.75m robbery in the first English criminal trial to be heard without a jury in 400 years. The total cost to the taxpayer of the trials is estimated to be at least 25m  more than 14x the amount stolen.' UK G20 police officer Delroy Smellie cleared of assault ' Globish the worldwide dialect of the third millennium | Lingua franca of the third millenium will be mutant version of English, simplified and stripped of AngloAmerican cultural baggage.' Afghan farmers die in suicide blast' It's not just the Vatican, Jehovahs Witness paedo carried out 40 years of rape Bombs kill 12 in Russia, days after metro attacks' Palestinian reporters blacklisted, accused of treason for visiting Israel ' Opposition mounts to UK's Digital Economy Bill The Quake  Frontline documentary on the Haiti Earthquake [Full Video]' Uganda's rebels in murderous spree  Lord's Resistance Army blamed for killing 321 in northeastern Congo Russian media slams the Kremlin over its handling of the subway bombings' The banners range from the benign to the inflammatory. We didnt share the profits, were not paying for the crisis, one sign reads...Still a third, reflecting the anarchy some have endorsed, suggests repaying the Greek government in Molotovs, not loans.' Arrests in China over dead babies' Bombs kill 12 in Russia's Dagestan region Serbia's parliament apologised for the 1995 killing of thousands of Bosnian Muslims in Srebrenica Israeli journalist held secretly under house arrest for months, Israel's Shin Bet intelligence service has banned news media from mentioning the case or identifying the reporterLET'S EXPOSE THIS Unbelievable ... Catholic League head Says Abuse not pedophilia because boys were postpubescent ' Palestinian children are so dehumanized they no longer have a will to live. ' Vatican Pope has immunity in sex abuse trials ' Newly leaked CIA report analyzes how U.S. Government can best manipulate public opinion in Germany and France to ensure that those countries continue to fight in Afghanistan. Celebrates fact that governments of those two nations continue in defiance of overwhelming public opinion' Writer Simon Singh wins libel appeal' Indian law goes into effect today making education compulsory and free for all kids 614' US Justice Dept sues KBR for improper costs in Iraqn' Vatican Shoots the Messenger ... Lashes Out At The New York Times Over Sex Abuse Coverage' Police officers must face trial by jury' To those who say moderate Muslims should take a stand against hardliners, I present Hissa Hilal, a heroic poet and finalist in an Arab Idol competition, Million's Poet.' Lebanon and Saudi Arabia are in the midst of a lowlevel diplomatic feud over a Lebanese man sentenced to die in Saudi Arabia for witchcraft. In other news, it's 2010. 18 gunmen die in attack on two army bases in Mexico' Pirates fire at US Warship, US Warship pwns pirates. ' Letter shows Pope Paul VI knew of child abuse decades ago' Israel faces Year Zero Jewish moderates, Palestinians and even some rightwing settlers are increasingly talking about the unthinkable A Onestate Solution.' Israel has no good reason to keep the Gaza Strip closed off.' Sweden bans fake boobs over explosion risk  The PIP implants were outlawed by the French drug administration after a slew of reports that they had a tendency to burst due to an erroneous mixture of silicon.' George Soros and CIA behind WikiLeaks according to exNSA Wayne Madsen [ha!]' NZ to back Japanese whale hunt' India  Stop treating army men like eggars', SC to govt Rushed From Haiti, Then Jailed for Lacking Visas' Payback time for Mugabe and cronies as White farmers grab properties  AfriForum a civil rights group that brought the application on behalf of the farmers, seized a luxury property belonging to the Zim govt, in what they say is a significant step towards compensation for Zim farmers...' More Than TwoDozen Countries Complicit In US Torture Program' Saddam Hussein's shift to petroeuros was a reason the US attacked Iraq. Is this why Iran will be attacked?  In inaugural Easter message, new Catholic bishop blames atheism for Nazism, Stalinism, PolPottery, mass murder and broken relationships.' Germans have to notify the government when they renounce their religion... the number of Catholics leaving the church in Munich has tripled.' Vatican Says Sex Abuse in Catholic Church was Homosexual Problem, not Pedophilia.  Stop ... Does That Mean that Sexual Abuse of Young GIRLS is Okay??' A very beautiful and majestic village in iran + 14 pics' Great news, everyone! The Vatican draws parallels between Jewish persecution and criticism received over the ongoing pedophilialaced scandal.' Only known printed copy of Haiti's Declaration of Independence in 200 years discovered by Duke University graduate student in London UK Drugs Adviser resigns over mephedrone' Israeli planes carry out several attacks on Gaza (Friday, 1 April) ' US spends $6 billion to train police in Afghan  they sell bullets to the Taliban  it's a giant freaking freeforall with our money Mexico drug gangs turn weapons on army' Israel threatens new Gaza offensive' The 'young sun paradox' proposed by Carl Sagan and George Mullen in 1972  the Earth had liquid oceans for its first billion years even though the sun was only 70 percent as bright as it is now. The Little Nukes That Got Away  From a portable tripod launcher, it could be fired at the enemy as close as 1,000 feet or up to 13,000 feet away. The Davy Crockett was a weapon for nuclear war at close range.' Holy Week around the world, 2010 [pics]' Thirteen Israeli air strikes hit Gaza Strip ' Agent Orange and Vietnam's Forgotten Victims The American airplanes came right toward me and dropped a mist in the jungle, and the next day, the trees were dead.' Land activist killed in Brazilian Amazon ' ACLU publishes volumes of data on civilian casualties in Iraq, Afghanistan' CIA given details of British Muslim students' Man sentenced to death for being sorcerer will not be beheaded this week.' Life in 'Tin Can Town' for the South Africans worse than Apartheid In Zimbabwe police seize pictures of human rights abuses instead of arresting the perpetrators of atrocities.' Afghanistan, already world's largest producer of opium, overtakes Mexico in production of hashish..  Yes, because calling out pedophile priests and their protectors is just like antiSemitism...' Sea Shepard member indicted in Tokyo for illegally boarding, could spend up to 15 years in prison or pay $5,000 for antiwhaling activities '