 Can we stop referring to what's happening in Libya as a protest?  We have armed rebel forces engaging in guerilla combat with bazookas and heavy artillery, taking and losing cities.  This is officially a civil war. The Ivory Coast president, Laurent Gbagbo, has cut off electricity and water supplies to millions of people in the north of the country for political reasons, the UN has said. CNN Anchor Interviews Al Jazeera Anchor Who Interviewed Libyan Rebels Reports that Egypt's military junta is already handing out jail sentences to activists Bradley Manning, accused Wikileaks source, may face Death penalty N Korea threatens war over leaflets New ActivistRecommended Prime Minister Appointed Today in Egypt! First we ousted Mubarak. Second, we got rid of Shafiq. We have become again the owners of this country, said Bassem Kamel, a member of the Youth Coalition, an umbrella group of activists who launched the protests Jan. 25.  Anons, Simply Wake Up on March 9th and know, the world is one...wake up look to the east and the rising sun. Rupert Murdoch given approval to buy pretty much all UK satellite TV.  Coming soon Fox News, UK Division!   Complete List Of Which EU Countries Sold Weapons To Libya  Everyone enjoys a righteous uprising like the ones now tearing across the Middle East. But even while we might be rooting for the antigovernment protesters, whenever we fill up the gas tank were reminded that. like it or not, our own welfare is inextricably tied to those embattled despots. Rupert Murdoch's global empire (infographic) Nine Afghan Boys Collecting Firewood Killed by NATO Helicopters Global food prices hit record high  Europe  Al Jazeera English Pakistan Court Rules CIA Killer Raymond Davis Has No Immunity   Thursday's decision is at least a temporary blow to the US, which insists Davis was considered a diplomat and was acting in selfdefence against the dead men, whom he called robbers. China Adds New Limits on Foreigners Gaddafi ACCEPTS Peace Plan Proposed By Chavez Saudi Arabia Early stirring of revolt Killing over blasphemy law deepens misery of Pakistani Christians Three Dutch soldiers captured in Libya while evacuating westeners Is Syria the Next Domino?  Until now, Syrias rulers have relied on their antiIsrael, antiWestern rhetoric to protect themselves. In the last few years, when Israeli planes struck targets in Syria, there was no answer from the regime even when Israeli planes flew over the presidential palace. Chicas Kalshnikov  
Interviews with women who work as killers for Mexican drug cartels. Yaretzi was on her twentysixth murder, but she was arrested with two AK47s before she could complete the job. That is why we are here, on the prison patio Opposition Carries on Fight against Gadhafi 'If the Americans Come, They Would Steal our Revolution' UN inspectors attacked as Ivory Coast heads towards civil war [LIBYA]Battle for Brega These photos are fucking amazing  from the BBC's 'Human Planet' series. In London, it will soon be illegal to lie down on the ground, give away food or drink for free or be homeless The Man Who Plowed Into A Group Of Bikers Is A Brazilian Central Banker, And He's Charged With Attempted Murder
 Ok now the Mexican drug war is interesting Mexican army soldiers caught transporting cocaine by the ton...  The Double Irish  How Companies Bypass High IncomeTax Rates in the US and UK (Graphic) A young boy directs traffic on a busy intersection in Benghazi, Libya, hoping that his new role will help stabilize the country. WARNING GRAPHIC NSFW  UNARMED women just wanting to claim their choices in the presidential election were brutally murdered by the militias and mercenaries of Gbagbo. Man filming the violence in Libya is suprised when Gaddafi's hired gunmen turns the corner and starts spraying bullets at the cameraman. ( Watch the corner of the left building near the end) Gaddafi trying to smuggle out money Indian police have detained two people after an angry mob of fired workers burned to death a senior executive of a steel factory. Indians take the whole workers struggle thing very seriously Sacked steel workers set their boss on fire Fullface veils outlawed as France spells out controversial niqab ban. Six women shot dead at protest as 'illegal' Ivorian leader clings on PFC Manning reportedly forced to strip naked for 7 hours last night Ivory Coast Power and water cut to 'those who don't believe' The former head of Britain's Secret Intelligence Service has credited WikiLeaks and other secretspilling sites with sparking the revolutions sweeping the Middle East. Apple supply chain workers in Asia fall ill again Toxic chemical nhexane is central to a new outbreak of sickness in eastern China UK facing 1970sstyle oil shock which could cost economy billions Stephen Harper (Canadian PM) trying to rebrand 'Canadian Government' for 'Stephen Harper Government' Libya revolt Rebels say no talks unless Gaddafi goes  Rebels in eastern Libya have said they will not negotiate unless Col Muammar Gaddafi quits and goes into exile.  53 peacekeepers killed in Somalia offensive One Journo with an ounce of integrity left, ended his working relationship for a filthrag. A darn good read! BBC has decided that there are no protests in Iraq In Athens, 300 nondocumented migrants, mostly from the Maghreb, have entered the 35th day of a hunger strike. Many have been taken to hospital in precomatose condition and are reaching a state of nonreversible organ failure and subsequent death Mazda recall 65,000 cars due to spiders in the fuel system ATF Agent Admits To Reporter That He Was Ordered To Let Guns Cross Into Mexico On Orders From The Justice Dept. Antigovt. protests held in Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia bans all protest and marches Happening now on Twitter  Egyptian protester raid of State Security HQ reveals a huge cache of intelligence, including sex tapes and documents relating to rendition. Britain seizes Libyabound ship carrying 100m cash. Ilan Baruch, Israeli Diplomat I can no longer represent Israel. 20yearold female police chief flees Mexico, may apply for asylum in US. Jordan rejects constitutional monarchy Saudi Arabia activists warned that ban on protests will be enforced 
In a sign that the ultraconservative kingdom is growing nervous about discontent in its midst and on its borders, Saudi Arabia's Interior Ministry warns that public demonstrations are a violation of Sharia law. China plans to track Beijing citizens through their mobiles. Government claims technology will ease transport congestion, but experts warn it could be used to control dissent
 Three schools blown up in northwest Pakistan Human Right Groups are warning that innocent black civilians are being raped and murdered by rebels in the eastern part of Libya Indian nurses in Libya refuse to return home, say economic crisis back home is worse than the political turmoil in Libya China sees over 100,000 protests per year.  Perhaps the reason that the Jasmine Revolution failed there is b/c the police are just too good at suppression. Saudis mobilise thousands of troops to quell growing revolt  Robert Fisk Gaddafi's 'tanks fire at residential areas'  In Egypt, crowd cheers newly appointed prime minister Essam Sharaf CBC News  Libyan rebels suffer heavy casualties reports British Battalion The Black Watch, On StandBy to Deploy to Libya Mexican president Calderon says WikiLeaks caused severe damage to USMexico relations Gaddafi's son in total denial Tortured By Al Qaeda In Pakistan  
Former Afghan consul general in Peshawar recounts 26 months of captivity after being kidnapped. Hours of torture, and hundreds of questions about CIA, Blackwater and the center of the drones. Eventually let go People on Twitter troll PRC security forces into closing popular shopping malls to shutdown phantom protests A Middle East Without Borders? Az Zawiyah rebels are slaughtered right now. I'm speechless. Libyan government claims Everything is safe. Tripoli is 100 per cent under control. What you are hearing is celebratory fireworks. People are in the streets, dancing in the square. He warned, however I would like to advise not to go there for your safety. Women on the Frontlines in Bahrain Sixty percent of the protestors are women, she says. The reason for this is that a lot of men are in jail or dead and 15yearold boys are just picked off the street and tortured. Banksy bailed out Russian dissident graffiti artists from horrific St Petersburg prison WikiLeaks cables recount how U.S. pressured allies The government of Mexico has formally asked the United States for details of the ATF operation Fast and Furious Volunteers Heading Unarmed to Take On Gaddafi It's a trip we may not return from, but there's no turning back now. Revolution or death.  During Egyptian revolution, police abandoned their posts protecting St. Catherine's Monastery (which maintains a mosque on its grounds). Bedouins stepped in to protect the monks and the monastery. Libyan rebels declare Republic of Libya has been created, Mustafa Abdul Jaleel is president, Abdul Hafid Abdul Qader Ghoga is deputy president Al Jazeera speaks with Anonymous Thugs continue to attack protestors in Cairo  While Egyptians rally for reform of social services, plainclothes thugs attack them with machetes and bricks.  Libyan rebels reported to have captured 8 members of the elite SAS and a British diplomat. HSBC threatens to move HQ from London to Hong Kong if Government does not go easy on bankers. China has mounted a huge security operation in the capital in response to renewed online calls for protests. 

 Germany's new Interior Minister Islam not part of Germany Afghan president rejects US apology over killings Since the warming of relations between Libya and Britain, officers travelled frequently to Tripoli between 2008 and 2009 to train police, and Britain has authorised the export of tear gas, crowdcontrol ammunition, smallarms ammunition and doorbreaching projectile launchers. London imam subjected to death threats for supporting evolution Former French President Jacques Chirac to stand trial
 Official France to recognize Palestinian state in September Thousands gather outside Bahrain palace Karzai Rejects U.S. Apology for Deaths of 9 Boys
 SAUDI ARABIA Protests 'contradict' Islamic law and are banned, Interior ministry declares [Updated] Marine Le Pen more popular than President Sarkozy, says French poll Here is what Gadhafi's son told CNN about what's going on in Libya. Syrias Love Revolution  Syria uprising to be led by women unable to find economically independent husbands Pink Floyd band member Roger Waters joins a campaign of Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) against Israel. WikiLeaks Blows The Lid Off The Sex Parties And Drug Usage Among The Saudi Royals  The full range of worldly temptations and vices are available  alcohol, drugs, sex  but strictly behind closed doors...
 Leaked classified memo Obama asking Saudi king Abdullah to arm Libyan rebels Report Gaddafi agrees to leave power if his safety is guaranteed Losing the information war  The war, she says, is being won by networks that offer real news. She praised Al Jazeera and said that it is changing peoples' minds and attitudes Hillary Clinton 21 Airlines Fined For Fixing Fees UK SAS team that were being held by rebels in Libya have been freed. Israel grouped with Iran, North Korea as world's least popular countries Facebook group calls on members to promote peaceful protest by writing 'Free Palestine' on all forms of Israeli currency. Founders hope Netanyahu 'gets the message' Israeli Cabinet Demolish all West Bank outposts built on private Palestinian land by end of 2011  Haaretz  An Israeli diplomat says his country must learn from the collapse of apartheid South Africa Egyptians find torture tools in secret police raid Israel is one of the least popular countries in the world, according to a survey conducted by Globescan for the BBC in 27 different states.   North Korea jams GPS signals in South Korea Next in line?  After arresting 63 journalists, Turkey is now blocking Blogger, claiming it's being used to pirate soccer games. Canada's PM The Nation Is Me NY Times China actively trying to prevent foreign journalists from reporting on antigovt protests Israeli police, heavily armed with automatic projectile launchers, injure 15 while razing to the ground a West Bank farming community This can't end well Zimbabwe to sell uranium to Iran China says Dalai Lama has to reincarnate Gadaffi dropping bombs on rebel forces and civilians North Korea launches cyber attacks against South The United States will put improved relations with Beijing at risk if it does not stop selling arms to Taiwan, China's Foreign Minister said on Monday [March 7, 2011]. How a British special forces team was captured by Libyan rebels U.S. Forces Take Over Key Afghan City That Will Be Retaken By Taliban When Marines Leave BitTorrent User uses $4 Seedbox and Saves 172 BBC Websites From Extinction to expose the cost savings of this proposed exercise as nothing more than a charade to appease the detractors to a strong BBC and to curry favour with the David Cameron government. Wikileaks cables leaked information regarding global food policy as it relates to U.S. officials  in the highest levels of government  that involves a conspiracy with Monsanto to force the global sale and use of geneticallymodified foods. Israeli Defense Minister Israel may ask US for additional $20 billion in military aid in response to Arab prodemocracy upheavals Gaddafi deploys tanks and hundreds of troops in allout effort to take Zawiyah 19 yr old Montreal Graffiti artist brutally attacked & killed by a couple of teens angry that he was covering their graffiti with his  One of the teens was sentenced today  3 years max! Gaddafi's wife owns some 20 tons of gold, which would make her worth around $1 Billion  Should individuals have a right to be forgotten? A doctor in Spain botched a surgery 20 years ago, now he wants the newspaper article purged from Google claiming it's personal information [article pasted in comments] Yemeni army fires at student protesters International women's day in Cairo Protesting women harassed, attacked, and reports of shots fired Ivory Coast Woman Protesters massacred by Presidents henchmen (warning Graphic) Anonymous hackers vow to avenge accused WikiLeaks source Army pfc. Bradley Manning from jail abuse The revolutionaries in Libya have their website Rebels demand Gaddafi step down within 72 hour and stops all bombings and rebels appeal for help from the world pleading for a 'no fly zone' Gaddafi wanted guarantees of personal safety for him and his family and a pledge that they not be put on trial. The offer was rejected because it would have amounted to an honorable exit for Gaddafi and would offend his victims. Whites only nightclubs in Warsaw?  Three out of eight nightclubs tested for racial discrimination in Warsaw at the weekend refused entry to black people, a report by the Institute of Public Affairs reveals. 'Corrective Rape' Fighting a South African Scourge Pakistani authorities have released details of a letter threatening all who support repeal of Pakistan's blasphemy law.

The note was found along side the body of Shabaz Bhatti, the Christian minister of minorities following his assassination this week. Libyan revolutionaries speak out The West's war machine won't help us win The Penny Has Dropped  Israelis must find it hard to accept that their state is one of the least popular countries in the world. (BBC Global Poll 21% have a positive opinion) The myth of a free market
Why is this not covered by US news? US group fights ban on Israel 'war crimeus ads Lukashenko's dictatorship frontpage on the Independent Tuareg lue warriors' arrive to boost Gaddafi loyalist force Egyptian Romeo and Juliet lead to deadly clashes and a church burning  The violence was triggered by a feud between two families, which disapproved of a romantic relationship between a Christian man and a Muslim woman Don't Dismiss a Jasmine Moment in China The Chinese government is taking the possibility of prodemocracy protests seriouslyand that's what activists want Chinese dissident creates a Facebook account using a name without documentation to avoid arrest. Facebook bans him. Then Mark Zuckerberg creates a profile for his dog.  LONDON  Police have arrested nine people, including two of Britain's wealthiest entrepreneurs, on suspicion of fraud in connection with the 2008 collapse of Iceland's Kaupthing bank Raped 13yrold Peruvian, tries to commit suicide by jumping out of window, survived but paralyzed. Doctors not only refused to operate as she was pregnant, but also denied her abortion People Don't Know When They Are Lying To Themselves  
Interesting new research on cheating hints that we should view humans as rationalising rather than rational animals. In many instances cheaters not only deceive themselves, but are largely oblivious to their own lies PAKISTAN A 16 year old girl was gang raped almost for one month  perpetrators were released by the police Russian media has a very different take on the unrest in Libya Libya  Military Tank Runs Over Car People inside it in Benghazi Nine people, including property tycoons Robert and Vincent Tchenguiz, were arrested on Wednesday over the collapse of the Icelandic bank Kaupthing. Cigarettes to vanish from shelves in England  England will join several countries, including Canada, Ireland and Finland, in removing cigarettes from tobacconists' shelves. At women's march in The New Egypt (TM), men prove women's point by scolding, shoving, beating, groping them, and telling them to go home where they belong Not The Onion 'Cost of slaves falls to historic low' In Juarez, women just disappear [LIBYA] Huge explosion, Benghazi, Libya. Recent upload. No information as to the cause. Are there any Arabic speakers who could translate? British judge grabs sex offender by throat to stop him escaping from court
 Doctors in Yemen say nerve gas used on protesters Libya's Escalating Conflict [pics] The US government is facing a potential lawsuit on behalf of Guatemalans who were deliberately given gonorrhoea or syphilis in medical tests decades ago. Finally sensible domestic policy Any nofly zone over Libya must have international backing and not be a U.S.led effort, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Tuesday Eleven people died in fighting between Christians and Muslims in Egypt after church gets burned to ground in the deadliest unrest since the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak Gaddafi offers 500K dinars ($410,900) reward for whoever captures and hands over the agent spy Abdul Jalil  Libyan minister turned rebel leader Japan stealth jet prototype set to fly in 2014 Gaddafi jets take off from Tripoli  UK petrol prices have almost reached a recordbreaking US$10 per gallon Reports that Mubarak was involved in 2005 terrorist attack that killed 80 in Egyptian tourist town Libya Rebels Bombarded by Planes and Tanks in Vicious Fight for Zawiyah UK insists 'can't stand aside', US weighs up military options Dalai Lama to retire, citing that the Tibetan people deserve a freely elected leader. Julian Assange police investigator a friend of sex assault accuser France recognises rebels as Libyan government Interrogator in Assange case is friends with one of the two women who reported Wikileaksfounder of sexual abuse Saudi police open fire at protest Libya Sky News March 8 Incredible footage The Battle for Zawiyah Libya (Video) Police fire on protesters in Saudi Arabia France Becomes First Country to Recognize Libyan Rebels Saudi Arabian police open fire at rally in the eastern part of the kingdom, which means its likely lead by Shiites and is also directly on top of the vast oil reserves  the world's largest.  Interrogator in the Assange case friend with woman accusing Wikileaks founder An abandoned and unfinished 45story skyscraper in Caracas, Venezuela houses an organized community of roughly 2,500 Squatters. Dalai Lama steps down as Tibetan leader
 Cameroon Bans Twitter in an attempt to stave off opposition protests North Korea nears completion of EMP bomb, could permanently damage electronics if exploded 25 miles above ground [fixed link] 'Nerve gas' used on Yemen protesters  Palestinian family ordered to share East Jerusalem home with Israelis Protests and violence spread to Saudi Arabia; police open fire on hundreds of protesters with guns and stun grenades in eastern city of Qatif Reports Saudi Police Fire At Protesters Russia announces ban on arms sales to Libya Guatemala to sue US for intentionally infecting 700 Guatemalans with syphilis in the 1940s Christians in Egypt Attacked  13 Dead Libya Nicolas Sarkozy to urge 'targeted air strikes' Yemeni army storms university, wounding 98. Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive got 7.7million pay package even though the bailedout bank lost more than 1billion. Britain demands Gaddafi ultimatum after BBC staff 'tortured' in Libya Massive 7.9 earthquake in northeastern Japan. Someone post links please? Many domestic sites are crashing. Tsunami warning for Sendai. Danish artist Nadia Plesner paints an African child holding a bag and a chihuahua, resembling Paris Hilton. Louis Vuitton sues her and wins in court.  Video of tsunami hitting japan. Devastating. Putin proposes scrapping visas between Russia, US Stunning Photos of Japan's earthquake and Tsunami (19 images) Magnitude 8.8 quake near the east coast of Honshu, Japan Japan earthquake shifted Earth's axis by 10cm (about 4 inches) Why is it being described as a civil war when people are united, and the government and its hired forces are killing us? Google releases japan earthquake person finder to help find loved ones affected by the qake The containment building at Fukushima Unit 1 is overpressurized with radioactive steam and will be vented to atmosphere. Indonesia volcano erupts New Scientist Japan's quake updated to magnitude 9.0 The earth's axis has reportedly shifted 10 inches as a result of the earthquake. The force was so strong that it moved the island of Honshu 8 feet to the east  USGS geophysicist Ken Hundnut said. 
Entire Japanese City On Fire After Earthquake The city of Kesennuma in northern Japan is completely engulfed in flames following the biggest earthquake in the country on record. Impressive video of the tsunami in Tokio after the 8.9 earthquake A truly brave Cameraman films the intense fighting in Misratah, Libya on the 10th March Judge orders Twitter to give up data on Wikileaks Raw Video Tsunami Slams Northeast Japan [VID] 4.5 Earthquake just hit Hawaii Japan declares 'nuclear emergency' after quake Japan's 8.9 magnitude earthquake triggers tsunami TV pics show vast wall of water carrying debris and even fires across a large swathe of coastal farmland near Japanese city of Sendai, with a population of 1 million Huge whirlpool created after Japan quake [video] REPORT 88,000 People Are Missing In Japan Reports now indicate cooling system has failed at Fukushima No. 2 Plant; temperature of coolant water has topped 100 C Amazing photos from Libya as rebels flee Ras Lanouf (pics) Japans Strict Building Codes Saved Lives Inside Sendai Airport  during the tsunami Dubai On Empty   This was a civilization that was bought wholesale. The Gulf is the proof of Carnegie's warning about wealth 'there is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else' Hi reddit! Made this site so you can track protests around the world, tell me what you think Fukushima reactor explosion on tape. BREAKING Fukushima Nuclear Plant, radiation now measured at 1000x normal levels. Explosion At Japanese Nuclear Plant; Not Nuclear; No Meltdown Recent mystery deaths in Thailand are just too coincidentally linked not to notice. A high school friend's wife is a victim in this story.  Please help us to get some U.S. attention to this issue.  Video of HighRise Buildings in Tokyo Swaying From the Earthquake.  The Engineers Can Be Proud of Their Work! BBC LIVE 1252 Japan's Fuji TV has run a screen caption saying that as many as 10,000 people are missing in the town of Minamisanriku in Miyagi prefecture.  Found this series of pictures of the Area Tsunami from the ground in Japan Massive explosion (at 145) rocks Japanese suburban neighbourhood in quake aftermath Al Jazeera cameraman ambushed, shot and killed by Libyan regime. Missing ship feared lost after Japan 8.9 magnitude earthquake, tsunami found with all aboard alive Gadhafi mansion in London now occupied by Libyan rebels. Explosion rocks Fukushima nuclear plant Bahraini police opened fire on antigovernment protesters who were heading toward the Royal Court in Manama. Over 770 injured in Bahrain.  Remember the 20 yearold female college student who became the police chief of a Mexican town 5 months ago? Fearing for her life, she has fled to the US and applied for asylum. Japan's fears of nuclear mayhem recede as nuclear reactor starts to cool Factbox Experts on explosion at Japan nuclear plant I live 5000 miles away from Japan in Santa Cruz, CA. All the beaches are closed and helicopters are circling above. 4 boats sank in the harbor due to the tsunami. It's a frightening testament to the power of this megaearthquake. Israel Family of 5 of including a baby murdered in the West Bank. Protesters hit the streets in Portugal End operations in Afghanistan, Karzai tells NATO A Palestinian organization just officially claimed responsibility for today's terror attack (3monthold baby and 4 others murdered in their sleep) Google you're awesome crazy video of the ground shifting during the quake  Groundbreaking New UN Report on How to Feed the World's Hungry Ditch CorporateControlled Agriculture Japan Earthquake from the 22nd floor of an office building shaking for a whole 5 minutes (Video) This jawdropping, breathtaking, stunning picture was taken by Mainichi Shimbun on 11 March 2011 in Miyako, Japan. Why you don't have to fear the Japanese nuclear plant Japan tsunami survivor found clinging to roof 10 miles out at sea Nonviolent Bahraini Protester Shot Point Blank by Riot Police Mar 13 [NSFW]  When Japanese officials decided to vent radioactive steam from a severely overheated reactor vessel they knew a hydrogen explosion could occur, and it did. The decision still trumped the worstcase alternative  total nuclear meltdown... At least for the time being. Death toll in Japan exceeds 10,000 in one state alone; millions of survivors left without drinking water, electricity and proper food Head of the Whistleblowing Airline Employees Association Goes Missing Stop spreading FUD about the Fukushima reactors. PLEASE READ THIS Fukushima Nuclear Accident  a simple and accurate explanation Photo of a large boat teetering on top of a building. Amazing ground video of the tsunami! Satellite Photos of Japan, Before and After the Quake and Tsunami Japan's earthquake now upgraded to 9.0 magnitude. The Gaddafi regime has taken back significant chunks of territory from the antigovernment rebels.  A Japanese man who was swept 15 kilometres out to sea in the tsunami was plucked to safety yesterday [13 Mar 2011] after being spotted clinging to wreckage, officials said. A Maritime SelfDefence Force destroyer rescued Hiromitsu Shinkawa, 60, after discovering him floating on a piece of roof... Volcano erupts in southwestern Japan Share this with your friends  Fukushima situation as explained by a PhD, PE nuclear engineer As if Japan didn't have enough to deal with Shinmoedake volcano in southwestern Japan erupted Sunday sending ash and rocks up to four kilometers into the air Mall ground full of people shifting during Japan quake, looks like macabre Disney ride Japanese officials operating under assumption that nuclear meltdown is now underway at two plants New dramatic video Tsunami wave spills over seawall, smashes boats, cars 120 PM Australian EST (about 30 minutes ago)
Japan nuke plant operator says top of fuel rods three metres above water.

(Kyodo) While my heart aches at what is happening in Japan, I feel that we have a responsibility to not let the world forget about what is happening in Libya. Help keep Libya on the homepage. Yemeni Government forces have opened fire on unarmed demonstrators with poison gas, teargas and live bullets; there is however no international outcry. Japan An elderly man trapped in his house was rescued after three days. He says in a strong voice, I am fine. I experienced the 1960 tsunami so I am fine. Let's rebuild again! 0221 Urgent Explosion at Reactor 3

0220 Sea level has dropped five metres off Fukushima, confirming imminent arrival of tsunami  Japanese TV. Tokyo didn't go dark. But it dimmed itself, a VOLUNTARY POWERCONSERVATION measure in the wake of Friday's catastrophic earthquake.  2000 Bodies Found on Japanese Shore  Japan Earthquake Swarm Animation (every second=1 hour) Libyan Rebels Recapture Brega Saudi Troops Arrive In Bahrain To Suppress Protests WikiLeaks U.S. State Department estimates 50% of mexican police works for drug cartels China requests compensation from New Zealand due to deaths of its citizens in recent earthquake, citing 'loss of future breadwinners' for families Fresh footage of huge tsunami waves smashing town in Japan Japan  Vast Devastation [pics] By the time the outside world agrees on a response to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafis bloody onslaught against a popular revolt, it could all be over. REPORT Nuclear fuel rods are now fully exposed at Japan reactor US aircraft carrier Ronald Reagan passed through radioactive cloud from stricken Japanese nuclear power plant; crew received one month's worth of radiation in one hour; US helicopters flying 60 miles north of plants also became coated with particulate radiation Bahrain protestor shot TWICE by police in point blank range with a tear gas gun [NSFW] Libyan Rebels Warn Gaddafi's Army Will Kill Half A Million Second hydrogen explosion at Fukushima nuclear plant Reactor 3. (Last explosion was Reactor 1) Can the United States feed China?  China is at war. It is not invading armies but expanding deserts. As old deserts grow, as new ones form and as more and more irrigation wells go dry, Beijing is losing a long battle to feed its growing population The Revolution in Egypt did not come out of nowhere and did not take only 18 days, it was years in the making.  Check out this cool PBS Documentary on the Egyptian Revolution. Every Dutch national should hand over a sample of their dna for inclusion in a national data bank to help solve crime says Rotterdam police chief Frank Pauw. If you want to make the world safer, there is a price to pay, Pauw is quoted as saying.  Saudi Arabian forces prepare to enter Bahrain after day of clashes LONDON International powers should consider arming Libyan rebels and need to take swift action to prevent Muammar Gaddafi's forces from crushing a rebellion, Foreign Secretary William Hague said on Monday. BBC News  Libya Rebels say Brega retaken from Gaddafi troops Germany's new boom making money by making stuff; UK and US increasingly relied on the financial sector, Germany concentrated on manufacturing Outrageous Bahrain forces shooting medical personnel, seizing 6 ambulances, using them to fire on protesters While my heart aches at what is happening in Japan and Libya, I feel that we have a responsibility to not let the World forget about what is happening in Haiti.  Oh, Wait.  The World HAS forgotten about Haiti.  Here's hoping for some homepage love, Haiti.   I'm in Japan and we just got rocked again.  6.0 earthquake hits Shizuoka, Kanagawa, & Tokyo. How quickly we forget! From 2005 Japan Proves Truly A Friend Indeed After Hurricane Katrina. The website Couchsurfing has set up a page for displaced people in Japan in need of a home to find temporary accommodation with those with a room/bed to spare. Holy shit  Footage of Tsunami making first contact with land. Executives from Tokyo Electric Power Co. bow in unison to apologize over the crisis at their nuclear plants.  This is something you would *not* see in the US ABC admitted it sought out Julian Assange so he could ask PM Julia Gillard a controversial question on last night's Q&A program Assange asked Ms Gillard if she had shared intelligence on its citizens with foreign powers and whether the Australian people should charge her treason Egypt's January 25 Revolution Youth Coalition has refused to meet Clinton during her visit to Egypt due to her negative attitude towards the revolution at its beginning and due to U.S. policy in the region...groups demanded a formal apology for U.S support to Mubarak's regime in the past decades Excellent N.Y. Times infographic explaining what's happening at the Japanese nuclear plants Norwegian union votes to support Israel boycott Chinese Netizens Admire Japans PostEarthquake Behavior  Even in an Emergency, the Japanese have shown an impeccable national character Don't Let Qaddafi Win  
Ignore the realists. If we do nothing, the situation in Libya can only get worse.
By Christopher Hitchens Despite a bitter past,  China acts fast in aiding Japan And so the wave continues; protests begin in Damascus, Syria. Opposition Libyan site reports that rebels flying a MiG 23 and a helicopter sink two proGadhafi warships Fourth Fukishima reactor, #4, is on fire.  That's 4/4 now.
 In other news, Saudi Arabia sends troops into Bahrain to quell protests. Shi'ites call it war  New Danish immigration minister become like us or stay away Over 5,000 newly released WikiLeaks cables relating to India lift the lid on Indias use of systematic torture in Kashmir, and plenty more. Tokyo governor forced to apologize for suggesting that the tsunami was divine punishment for the egoism of the Japanese people. Libyan rebels arrest 'Gaddafi death squad' that killed journalist Al Jazeera received Qatari foreign ministry instructions to avoid the Bahraini protests and add sectarian angle to the coverage.(English journalist confirmed this) Nuclear experts have thrown doubt on the accuracy of official information issued about the Fukushima nuclear accident, saying that it followed a pattern of secrecy and coverups employed in other nuclear accidents.  A Japanese home adrift in the Pacific Ocean, photographed by U.S. Navy Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Dylan McCord. [PIC] Brave men in Japan stay back to help contain the nuclear plants.  Honor and courage in their blood. A video from Japan **BREAKING NEWS**(15MAR2011 1051PM EDT) Work to Prevent Meltdowns at Japanese Nuclear Plant Suspended; All Workers Evacuated Due to Radiation Surge Japan earthquake Japan warned over nuclear plants, WikiLeaks cables show   Japan was warned more than two years ago by the international nuclear watchdog that its nuclear power plants were not capable of withstanding powerful earthquakes, leaked diplomatic cables reveal. A pilot has defected from Gadaffi's army in a spectacular suicide attempt to take down his stronghold, Baab Al Aziziyah in the heart of Tripoli [NSFL]Worst gore that I've seen. I'm only posting so that maybe media picks it up and pressure is put on Bahrain (A protester in Bahrain is brought to a hospital with his head and brain in pieces hanging). EU to force social network sites to enhance privacy  'Right to be forgotten' would ensure users of Facebook and other sites could completely erase personal data.
 Six socialist activists in Zimbabwe are facing the real possibility of a death penalty. Their crime? Watching  a video about the uprisings in Egypt and Libya. Bolivia The source would also testify and prove that, in order to carry out that coup, the CIA, State and Justice departments had to combine forces to protect their drug dealing assets by destroying a DEA investigationUS v Roberto Suarez, et al. How do I know? I was that inside source. My friend is the only missing JET in Japan. His family and friends are desperate to find information Japanese PM You're the only ones [to deal with this problem]. Retreating [from the power plant and its problems] is simply not an option. Be ready for anything. If you pull out now, that'll be the end of TEPCO, period. BAHRAIN Video from Bahrain showing riot police vandalizing cars allegedly to blame protesters for the vandalism. Man jumps into burning tanker and drives it away from gas station. Hero. WikiLeaks cables show Japan warned over nuclear plants Japan was warned more than two years ago by the international nuclear watchdog that its nuclear power plants were not capable of withstanding powerful earthquakes, leaked diplomatic cables reveal. World's largest paedophile ring uncovered (BBC) U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission says all the water is gone from one of the spent fuel pools at Japan's most troubled nuclear plant. Nothing to stop a meltdown. France says Japan lost control, French should leave Robber killed by an headshot, in Brazil. He was about to cut his hostage's eye. China suspends all new nuclear projects  The chairman of the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission gave a significantly bleaker appraisal of threat posed by the Japanese nuclear crisis than the Japanese government, saying on Wednesday that the damage at one crippled reactor was much more serious than Japanese officials had acknowledged.  BREAKING Tepco has confirmed that a fire has broken out at reactor four with smoke pouring from the reactor. NHK is reporting that the fire is inaccessible because of radiation levels. What if Qaddafi wins? Then what? Smoke rising near troubled Fukushima nuke plant reactor 3 (yes 3) A good explanation, from the Union of Concerned Scientists blog, about the spent fuel pools problem. Raw video of an unarmed protester cooperating with riot police in Bahrain shot in the chest and head (NSFW). Need to spread the word. Britain, France and US line up for airstrikes against Gaddafi Security council expected to pass resolution calling for states to protect Libyan civilians Julian Assange warned privately by Australian 
intelligence official about ''dirty tricks'' from the US 
intelligence community, including the possibility of 
sexual entrapment. Quebec Bans Fracking For Oil/Gas For me, this really hit home. I cried. Obama administration will seek UN approval for air strikes on Libyan military targets seeking to create nofly and nodrive zones Riots across Pakistan after double murderaccused CIA agent Raymond Davis buys freedom Modern day hero This guy decided not to wait for rescue workers. With a scuba suit on, he waded through flooded streets of Japn to rescue his wife, and later his mother. He continues to look for more survivors. Security council Passes No Fly Zone resolution 1st person view of the tsunami in Japan. I saw other angles, but this is unbelievable... Canada  In a historic move, opposition MPs on a House of Commons committee have produced a draft report declaring the Harper government in contempt of Parliament. REBELS ARE CARRYING OUT MASSACRES AGAINST BLACK LIBYANS We had 70 or 80 people from Chad working for our company. They cut them dead with pruning shears and axes, attacking them, saying you're providing troops for Gadhafi. The Sudanese, the Chadians were massacred. We saw it ourselves. Gaddafi says he will attack civilian and military targets in the Mediterranean if there is any foreign military action against Libya. Helicopters Dropping Water On Reactor 3 UN authorises nofly zone over Libya
 The Air Force's superstealthy F22 Raptor fighters likely would see their first combat action if a nofly zone is set up by the U.S. and its allies over Libya, a senior defense official [Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz] said Thursday [17 March 2011].  Problems with Transparency EU eyes a halt to SWIFT data sharing with US Japan tsunami as seen from inside a car hit by the wave Israeli spy ring uncovered by Egyptian authorities. Searching for survivors in Otsuchi, Japan on March 15, 2011. Photo credit REUTERS/Aly Song Hillary Clinton said Bahrain and Saudi Arabia were on the wrong track and demanded that Bahrain show restraint with demonstrators and keep hospitals open Bahrain police killing people by drive by shootings. (video) Riots in Pakistan after double murderaccused Davis buys freedom Kentucky woman arrested for Bosnian war crimes; accused of torturing and murdering ethnic Serbs at prison camps A Tibetan monk in western China set himself on fire in an antigovernment protest, then was beaten and kicked by police, prompting hundreds of monks and others to rally. Libya Calls Immediate Ceasefire Power cable reaches Japan nuclear plant Gaddafi is a liar and ceasefire a sham as Misurata attacked GOOD NEWS FROM JAPAN Tokyo Electric Power Co has connected the external transmission line with the stricken Daiichi nuclear power plant and confirmed that electricity can be supplied At least 5 of the 50 'heroes' working at the japanese reactors are already dead, with half the others seriously injured... Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah attempts to prevent protests, gives $66.7 billion to build 500,000 housing units and $4.3 billion for more hospitals; also gives another two months' wages for all govt workers and two extra payments for university students, raises minimum wage, gives more to unemployed Sandra Bullock donates $1 million for Japan relief UN passes resolution for intervention in Libya. 10 in favor, none against, five abstain. Japan One week later [pics] Resilient Japan An 8.9 earthquake, a 33foot tsunami, crises at their battered nuclear plants  the people of Japan have withstood the last week with admirable tenacity 
The Saudi King Just Unveiled A Big List Of Bribes So That His Citizens Don't Revolt Bahrain police shooting at independent cameraman filming Japanese workers successfully connect power cable to crippled reactor Fukushima nuclear alert level raised to 5 Wall Street Journal Egypt is arming Libya rebels China shutters 130,000 Internet cafes as part of its ongoing efforts to control how citizens access the Internet and what content will be available to them. Prime Minister David Cameron has announced that British Tornado and Typhoon aircraft are being deployed immediately to enforce a United Nations nofly zone in Libya. Gaddafi's forces still shelling cities. 'Ceasefire' seems to be only words.. Japan crisis is much worse than Three Mile Island  U.S. Drone Attacks Resume in Pakistan After Acquittal of CIA Operative Raymond Davis for DoubleMurder. This is like something out of really bad movie. Military strikes on Libya within hours France Syria is Officially in full Revolution mode  March 18  The regime most capable of matching Gdog's brutality Driver videos the moment the Tsunami engulfed his car  Tokyo passengers set off radiation detectors at OHare Gaddafi says he will retaliate against foreign military intervention with attacks on passenger airplanes Lest We Forget  From rooftops, snipers kill 46 Yemeni protesters today. Bahrain Police Killing People by Drive by Shootings

 Alright, I think this may be the last of the Japan tsunami videos but it's by far the most horrifying and indicative of the devastation French fighter jets deployed over Libya French plane has fired the first live fire shots in Libya, targetting a vehicle at 1645GMT North Waziristan tribes declare war against US! Egyptians free voting for the first time in decades. Tragedy in Berlin Zoo Celebrity Polar Bear Knut Is Dead Gaddafi's letters to Obama and the UN. In case you didn't think he was on crack. Gaddafi ends cease fire Attacks power station in Benghazi, proGaddafi forces made several incursions into the city center prompting clashes with rebels Going Down In Flames Over Benghazi, Libya. Photographer Patrick Baz Libya French military jets on 'reconnaissance' French military jets on reconnaissance missions have flown over all Libyan territory on Saturday, French military sources say. Nerve Gas Used against Protesters in Bahrain French warplanes destroy four tanks used by Gaddafi forces Crowd hurls rocks at Egyptian presidential hopeful Mohammad ElBaradei, preventing him from voting  A crowd of angry men pelted the Egyptian reform campaigner and Nobel laureate with rocks and smashed his car windows outside a polling center. Fighter jet 'shot down' over Benghazi (footage) Sarkozy shouts at EU foreign minister, had to be 
restrained by Cameron. Gaddafi has lost all legitimacy. He cannot stay in power in Libya. Whatever happens, he has to go, 
 UN chief Ban Kimoon France takes action against Libya Tibet's Quiet Revolution  
Dalai Lama's retirement from politics opens up diaspora leadership succession to younger, secular candidates. Aim is to make the government in exile more democratic, selfsufficientand capable of surviving Dalai Lama's death French Mirage and Rafele fighters seen over Benghazi. ProGadaffi tanks are the likely target. Yemen's USbacked leader fails to stop uprising 'Witnesses said protesters chased security authorities out of the city of Dar Saad and were now in control.' AntiGovernment Protesters Run Off Bahrain Police  Newspaper banned by Mugabe is back on sale Japan delayed its response to the nuclear crisis over concerns about damaging the power station assets unnecessarily Really sad news. Mohammed Nabbous (the guy in the video), founder of Libya AlHurra TV, who has been hosting a livestream from Benghazi has been shot dead. He leaves behind a young wife and unborn child. Wyclef Jean shot in Haiti BBC  Why is US backing force in Libya but not Bahrain, Yemen? The Arab League on Sunday criticized Western military strikes on Libya, a week after urging the United Nations to slap a nofly zone on the oilrich North African state. Woman 80, grandson 16 found under rubble in Japan after 9 days. Working overnight into Sunday, engineers have successfully restored power to cooling pumps in two reactors at the disabled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant US Fires Cruise Missiles at Libyan Air Defenses! Google accuses China of interfering with Gmail email system Gadafi supporter vow to be human shield for him...until phone start ringing telling them of UN missile attack really happened. After that they slowly run away... Gaddafi forces are in ruins after air strikes Protesters in libya drive through town with pile of dead mercenary's on the hood of their vehicle [NSFW] Gore While the Libyan revolution holds on by a thread, with hopes bolstered by international intervention, the movements for democratic change in Bahrain and Yemen have already been brutally put down. WAR French plane opens fire in Libya Opsss.. Syria, the country that 'expert' says less likely to revolt is catching democracy Flu, Thousand of people now is rising up against goverment...  Now Saudis take to the streets to demand the release of prisoners held without trial Bahrain and Yemen declare war on their protesters With 42 killed in Sanaa, regimes show they will keep power at any cost Fallout from Wikileaks Carlos Pascual resigns as U.S. ambassador to Mexico. Bahraini medics recount hospital horror Penalties for Forced Marriage Berlin Passes New Integration Measures In Bahrain, home of a US Naval fleet, hospitals are under siege as UStrained Saudi soldiers maintain Manama crackdown. Global economic forecasting company IHS Global Insight reported this week that China has now become the world leader in manufacturing output, ending Americas 110yearlong run as the worlds biggest manufacturer, according to published reports.  Fears of a 'counterrevolution' in Egypt. Activist says he is one of many beaten and tortured by police one month after Mubarak's ousting.  Venezuela's Chavez Denounces Military Action in Libya Libya why Col Gaddafi will fight to the bitter end 'Fukushima Fifty' cut off from family (concern more about information than radiation leaks)  War On Drugs has failed and should be abandoned 
in favour of evidencebased policies  former heads 
of MI5, CPS, BBC Per terrawatt/hour of energy generated, coal kills 161 people  compared to 0.04 deaths from nuclear Fukushima's 2 reactors under control after cooling functions restored Yemen's Military Joins Protesters after Friday Violence  President Saleh now Stands Alone Japan quake death toll passes 18,000  Worth Mentioning France/President Sarkozy spearheaded the UN resolution for the no fly zone, and were among the first to ready their planes. Total, the petrol company is French. Here's a wikileaks cable from 2009 about Total and Libya Pictures of the allied bombs destroying Qaddafi's forces Japanese fury at sensationalist foreign reporting of earthquake Private security firm in UK given police powers Google says China deliberately disrupted email service to thwart internet campaign for mideast style protests in China Japan The floodgate that didn't work to stop the tsunami [Video] Guatemalan president and wife divorce so that she can run for president. More than 8,000 Libyans killed in revolt rebel spokesman Artillery Shell lands next to Civilian Crowd in Misrata Mar 21  Regime claims ZERO civi casualties in western Libya Smoke Rising from Fukushima Reactors 2 and 3 (again)  Workers Evacuated Pending Evaluation Yemen President Fires Entire Cabinet ...now entering into some form of an end game. Double standard seen in Arab response to Libya Egyptians approve constitutional changes, paving way to new elections  A nuclear industry whistleblower who helped design protective containment vessels for reactors has attacked the Japanese government, its nuclear industry and regulators over their safety record. When the massive tsunami smacked into Fukushima Daiichi, the nuclear power plant was stacked high with more uranium than it was originally designed to hold Robert Gates, the US defence secretary, has said it would be unwise to have coalition forces try to kill Col Muammar Gaddafi in military strikes in Libya Abu Ghraib 2 New photos show US soldiers posing with dead body in Afghanistan Top Yemeni General announces he is joining the protests major blow for the regime. WikiLeaks cable links defecting Yemeni general to smuggling rackets Illegal Israeli settlers stab Palestinian in occupied West Bank Canada's Government has for the first time in its history, been found in contempt of Parliament.  Religion may become extinct in nine nations, study says China is now cutting off phone calls midsentence when words like protest are used ExIsraeli president jailed for rape Moshe Katsav sentenced to seven years in jail for rape and other crimes US fighter jet crash lands in field near Benghazi. One pilot rescued by rebel soldiers, another rescued by US military forces. US jet crashes in eastern Libya. Locals queue up to shake the US pilots hand. Until a week ago, a tsunami was one of the most mysterious of natural events, its devastating power usually evident only in the aftermath. Yet from the first moments the earth started to shudder on March 11 [2011], Japan's tsunami was one of the most recorded disasters ever to be captured on film One aircraft conspicuous by its absence over the skies of Libya is the Air Force's vaunted F22 Raptor air dominance fighter. The Lockheed Martinbuilt jet was likely benched due to its inability to communicate with other coalition aircraft and its limited ability to hit ground targets... To safely enclose and robotically dismantle the 25yearold makeshift confinement sarcophagus at Chernobyl, contractors are now erecting a massive steel structure weighing more than 29,000 metric tons. Across the Arab world, freedom is now a prospect
 Turkey group plans new Gaza flotilla with at least 15 ships Japan crisis  They are desperate, they have no other food to eat, says a policeman guiding some emergency traffic at a nearby intersection. You could call it stealing, but we understand that at these times there is perhaps no other choice.  UK police planning to use new, untested kettling tactic to control the crowd in upcoming TUC massive anticuts protests on March 26  Lights restored at Japan nuclear reactor Libyan Rebels praise courage of Kamikaze pilot that killed Gaddafi's son Radiation 1,600x the norm 20km around the plant Explosions Rock Libyan Capitol Israel's military intelligence admits to monitoring international organizations. Israeli President Sentenced To 7 Years In Prison On Rape Charges Just a month before a powerful earthquake and tsunami crippled the Fukushima Daiichi plant at the center of Japans nuclear crisis, government regulators approved a 10year extension for the oldest of the six reactors at the power station despite warnings about its safety.  Satellite snaps extent of Japan's postquake blackout Ivory Coast UN warns of forgotten humanitarian crisis Olympic gymnastic legend Nikolai Andrianov (15 gold medals) dies at 58 Smoke spews from 2 reactors at Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant Wikileaks Indian lawmakers were paid millions of dollars to vote in favor of a civil nuclear deal with the U.S. Israel passes new Nakba Law to punish public institutions for any reference to the Israeli occupation of Palestine in 1948 as a catastrophe or 'Nakba' Japanese man dons scuba suit and swims through tsunami to rescue wife Women not allowed to vote in Saudi elections Gaddafi's air force 'defeated'  BBC WikiLeaks How the Organization of the Islamic Conference took over the UN Human Rights Council Syrian forces raid mosque and open fire on protesters, kill 6 people First photos of socalled Fukushima Fifty the crew working around the clock to prevent a meltdown  Portuguese Prime Minister Resigns Neutron beam observed 13 times at crippled Fukushima nuke plant  so it means chain reaction was observed? That news about the 6 Libyan villagers shot during the rescue of the downed US pilots? Confirmed by the BBC and witnesses. FWIW Channel 4 News is a highly credible source and has been for decades. There is a small war starting along Gaza border Bahrain protest crackdown defended by European Union envoy 
EU foreign policy adviser Robert Cooper downplays violence against prodemocracy protesters saying 'accidents happen'  Hypocrite much? Canadians Protest in Ottawa Demanding Immediate Actions Against The Violation of Human Rights in Bahrain The Path of Protest Ever since a man in Tunisia burnt himself to death in December 2010 in protest at his treatment by police, prodemocracy rebellions have erupted across the Arab world. Germany weaning itself from nuclear power for good in the wake of Japans disaster Syrian forces 'open fire on protesters' Japan's Quake Damage May Swell to $309 Billion, Four Katrinas LIBYA Libya Rebels give Gadhafi supporters 24 hours to hand over weapons. Homes were raided, neighbors dragged off, suspects executed. They were accused of being reactivated by Gadhafi, like alQaida activates sleeper cells. Massacre in Daraa,Syria unknown number dead Following the Libyan money trail, they expected millions but found billions New law Cambodian women can't marry broke, older men  A foreign ministry officials explains the government wants to stamp out fake marriages and human trafficking and cites cases of Cambodian women used as slaves abroad. A NeoNazi from Victoria has been working as a private military contractor in Afghanistan. As Ivory Coast heads for civil war, thousands seek safety in Liberia. Tokyo water supply deemed unsafe for consumption by children after radioactive iodine exceeds limits Protesters in front of the Saudi Embassy in Ottawa demanding it halts the killing of the innocent including children, nurses, and doctors, and demanding it to leave Bahrain. (2nd Video) 7.0 Earthquake Hits Burma 25 dead in Syria and rising rapidly  government has 'declared war,' killing protesters INDISCRIMINATELY N.Korea's Kim Jongil sends $500,000 to quakehit Japan
 European governments  including Britain and France  sold Libya more than $470 million worth of weapons [in 2009], including fighter jets, guns and bombs ... the Obama administration was working to provide the Libyan dictator another $77 million in weapons Egyptian women protesters detained, tortured, forced to take virginity tests. Fukushima workers in hospital after radiation exposure Libyan rebels in Benghazi said they have created a new oil company to replace the national oil corporation  Iran hackers compromise partner account at SSL certificate company and obtain fraudulent SSL certificates for Skype, Gmail, Hotmail, and Yahoo email servers (among others); likely so they can spy on their own citizens Libyan army in possession of  one of the most lethal antiaircraft weapons available. Where did they come from? Ivory Coast wonders Where's our UN intervention? Fukushima Engineer Says He Covered Up Flaw at Shut Reactor No. 4 Massive Earthquake Strikes Thailand A new, muchdreaded, shortrange antiaircraft missile made in Russia has turned up in the hands of Libyan government forces. Unfortunately, Japan's nuclear crisis is far from over. Salt accumulation, coverups, destroyed piping, spentfuel fires, rising temps & radiation. African states call for tougher action on Ivory Coast from UN 500,000 already forced from their homes Wikileaks US diplomatic cables suggested Canadian TV seeks to twist current events to feed longstanding negative images of the US. Not really, say Canadian producers and officials  Swiss President Micheline CalmyRey has announced her country is developing a project to open up all crossings to the Gaza Strip, which has been suffocating for the last five years from an Israeli blockade. Human rights groups say that more than 100 people may have been killed when troops opened fire on a mosque in Syria Libyan Government takes reporters to find a house hit by Western air strikes and then they get 'lost' Nato takes over Libya nofly zone RSA SecurID Tokens Hacked, Australian Companies Vulnerable French warplanes have shot down a Libyan plane in the first incident of its kind since enforcement of the UN nofly zone began Syria at flashpoint, activists use social media to call for Friday protests; move comes after security forces stormed a mosque in Daraa town that left many dead UAE Dubai police have seized 16,000 Turkishmade pistols hidden in a sea cargo shipment bound for Yemen

 Airstrikes fail to deter Gaddafi forces Residents say forces loyal to the Libyan leader shell area near Misurata hospital as explosions are heard in Tripoli A serious leak of classified information has just taken place  senior Gadhafi aide was told to take bodies from a morgue and place them at the scene of the bomb damage. Will Eric Holder announce investigation to find out who is responsible for this leak? Canadian Government expected to fall Friday  France court finds Monsanto falsely advertised Roundup as being biodegradable and that it left the soil clean. Video of police shooting a 14yearold boy several times comes to light. We will be one of the strongest economies in the world  Swedish historian proposes full federal union of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Iceland by 2030. Such a union would number 25 million and have a GDP similar to that of Spain and India. Germany abolishes military conscription Tanker Breaks in Half on Rocks at Nightingale Island, 20,000 endangered Rockhopper Penguins may be oilcoated, and rats onboard have infested the formerly rodentfree island, which may be more damaging than the oil for the Penguins.  Egyptian decree bans strikes and protests, showing the real character of the military regime that now controls Egypt.  Germany's highest civil court ruled that Deutsche Bank should have warned its customers of the risks of an exotic investment product it sold in the runup to the financial crisis! Nothing to see here   Possible Reactor Core Leak in Fukushima  Possible breach of the No. 3 containment reactor vessel at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. This is the one with the plutonium fuel rods. As many as 1,000 bodies being removed from a mass grave in Zimbabwe  likely victims of waves of political violence that have wracked the country since 2000 Fukushima plants have 10X the nuclear fuel that Chernobyl had, and fallout is reaching similar levels seen in the 1986 disaster. Another Gurkha gets a medal  singlehandedly fought off 'at least' a dozen Taliban Scientists plan to drill all the way down to the Earth's mantle Canada's Harper government has toppled Syria 'ready to explode' as desperation grows Comodo on Certificate Authority attack ...All of the above leads us to one conclusion only that this was likely to be a statedriven attack Brazil town's Nazi twin mystery solved Japanese nuclear safety officials said Friday that they suspect that the reactor core at one unit of the troubled Fukushima nuclear power plant may have breached U.A.E. Commits Planes to Enforcing Libya NoFly Zone Africans want UN to act in Ivory Coast Amnesty International At least 55 protesters believed to have been killed in Syria Documents show that Jamal the son of  deposed Mubarak ordered  Sharm El Shiek bombing and the gas pipeline Video footage of five Brazilian police officers shooting a teenage boy at point blank range has emerged Canadian Nonconfidence vote passes, Canadians are headed to the polls India has allowed the right to euthanasia because of an extreme case where a young girl was strangled into unconsciousness with a dog chain while being raped. She was plunged into a vegetative state from which she never recovered. Thirtyseven years later, the courts say she could be allowed to die. Japan The students and teachers at Ookawa school knew what to do when the tsunami warning sounded. But they never thought it would happen to them, so they didn't go to higher ground and drowned.  Britons reclaim their common law rights under the Magna Carta, seize courtroom and arrest corrupt judge. FREEEEEDOM!!! Prodemocracy protests in Jordan turn violent as governmenthired thugs and security forces attack the protest camp, leaving over a hundred injured and one dead ... a young Palestinian activist told me that his friends were feeling more positive toward the US than they had in years because of the military action in Libya. It's on AlJazeera all the time, he said Libyan rebels take control of city of Ajdabiya from government after coalition warplanes pound proGaddafi forces Tons of relief goods have been delivered to victims of Japan's catastrophic earthquake and tsunami from a dark corner of society the yakuza organized crime networks. Levels of radioactive materials soaring in sea near nuke plant Papers please ruled unconstitutional in Ireland 200,000 people across Germany take to the streets to protest nuclear power Today, an estimated 250k gathered to marched on London to protest against the spending cuts. Right now a hardcore are taking on big business and the police and taking direct action. Hamas states that it will agree to a ceasefire if Israel stops attacking the Gaza Strip.  Microsoft Compromises Users Privacy No HTTPS in Arab Countries, Iran Now hospitalized Japanese nuclear plant workers were exposed to 2 to 6 Sievert of radiation after stepping in a puddle of radioactive water The three workers who recently received radiation burns at the Fukushima Daiichi plant were  lowpaid and poorly trained temporary employees. Two of them were not wearing high boots, and their feet and ankles sustained radiation burns from the contaminated water. UN One million flee Cote d'Ivoire violence  West African country close to civil war, UN hears, while humanitarian officials warn of massive displacement. A gun was pointed at Sky News after a woman tried to tell foreign journalists about being raped and tortured by Libyan officials Is Syria reaching the point of no return? Mass protest against spending cuts breaks out in London Growing unrest on island of prisoners in Australia Canadians Protest in Montreal Demanding Immediate Actions Against The Violation of Human Rights in Bahrain, Libya, Yemen, and Saudi Arabia March 26  Libyan rebels reclaim Brega Libyan Woman Struggles to Tell Media of Her Rape Japan faces new setback in fight to avert disaster at Fukushima plant Prime minister urges vigilance after safety officials said break in nuclear reactor may have caused big radiation leak
 Massive demonstration today in Britain. 400,000 protest against budget cuts for the people and taxbreaks for the rich. Report of a huge radiation spike at Japan nuclear plant was FALSE. Woman cries for help, says abused by Gaddafi men UK cuts taxes for the richest the day after 250000+ march in protest of government spending cuts Tripoli Shock Minders Snatch 'Rape Victim' Should lying be illegal? Canada's broadcasters debate. Female medic awarded Military Cross for bravery 
Lance Corporal Kylie Watson twice risked her life under heavy fire to treat two gravely wounded Afghan soldiers Germany Angela Merkel 'to lose key state election'  Green Party  benefits greatly from nuclear accident in Japan Libyan rebel commander admits his fighters have alQaeda links Borneo tribes 30year regime has destroyed everything Tony Blair's priest fixed papal knighthoods for cash 
Senior Catholic took up to 50k donations for honours. Veena Malik   Pakistani actress defies mullah accusing her of immoral behavior. We desperately need more women like her. I sincerely hope shell be safe New Libyan rebel leader spent much of past 20 years in suburban Virginia Sixth police spy in protest movement unmasked Radiation 10milliontimes normal levels detected at 
No.2 reactor Saudi Arabia Arrests for Peaceful Protest on the Rise Pakistan  A Revolution Against Whom?  In Pakistan  we get rid of our dictators every ten years or so There is no 'regime' to overthrow  the first question is an uprising against whom? TOKYO  Workers were evacuated Sunday from one of the contaminated turbine buildings at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant after a massive spike in radioactivity measurements. But the Tokyo Electric Power Co., which operates the facility, said hours later that the reading was a mistake Hundreds of thousands of protesters march in London. [VIDEO] A woman at the centre of the trial involving serious allegations of violent assault by Colonel Gaddafis nephew has given disturbing new evidence about how senior members of the Libyan regime were able to flout the law with impunity under Tony Blairs Government.
 Desperate Tripoli woman violently dragged away by Colonel Qaddafis security forces before horrified reporters Libya Nato assumes control of military operation with immediate effect Radioactivity soars in Japan reactor 10 million times higher than normal. The gains signify that the rebel forces have reclaimed all of the territory they lost to Gadhafi's forces at the start of the war. Magnitude6.5 quake off Japan, small tsunami alert Details emerge on US kill team in Afghanistan The boy did as he was told. He stood still.
The soldiers knelt down behind a mudbrick wall...As the grenade exploded [they] opened fire, shooting the boy repeatedly at close range with an M4 carbine and a machine gun. Libya Rape Accuser Missing  The Libyan govt said late Sunday that Eman alObeidi, the woman who burst into a Tripoli hotel and tried to tell foreign journalists about being raped by Gaddafi's men, has been released. But no one who knows alObeidi has heard from her. Email between workers at Fukushima Crying is useless. If were in hell now all we can do is to crawl up towards heaven. When the tsunami hit and Hideaki Akaiwa realized his wife was in grave danger, he defied all odds by finding scuba gear, swimming under the waves to their home, and saving her. He then went for his mother, saving her too, and has been out almost every day looking for survivors. [NSFW & GRAPHIC] Video Gaddafi forces bomb house killing children and occupants in Misratah last Friday Chinese students screened for 'radical thoughts' and 'independent lifestyles', provoking angry reactions from undergrads.  New shocking video of the japanese tsunami Radioactive water is pooling outside Fukushima's reactors at levels exceeding one sievert an hour.  Work to contain the disaster is hampered as just four hours exposure could mean death within two months. Dutch bankersonuses axed by people power Woman alleging Libyan abuse is free Libya Rebels take Ras Lanuf, Brega , Uqayla, Bin Jawad United Arab Emirates Drugged, raped, then jailed for 'adultery' Egyptian military says Mubarak under house arrest WikiLeaks stories from Nigeria. Editor reveals that he shows up in one cable with a US diplomat who reported their conversation with such accuracy that he wants to hire him as a reporter for the newspaper  Libyans call woman who claimed gang rape a prostitute
 Latest helicopter footage of Fukushima, zoomin on ruined reactors  russia today Iranian diplomat asks hotel to remove Israeli flag ahead of embassy event, but ArabIsraeli manager tells him 'If you don't like it, use another venue'  Gaza cops use beatings, stun guns on female reporters Chinese battery factory poisons village with lead Libyan revolutionaries claim Gaddafi's hometown of Sirte has fallen For all the public anxiety over exposure to radioactivity, Japan is fighting an equally critical health emergency on another front as tens of thousands of evacuees face serious health problems and a future clouded by trauma. Radiation leak found outside Japan nuclear reactor Professor Juan Cole's open letter to the Left, on Libya Fukushima reactor may have suffered partial meltdown. Their professor says he's going back to Libya to be the rebel finance minister Australian woman sues a fivestar hotel in the United Arab Emirates after she was drugged and raped by coworkers and jailed for eight months for adultery Israel threatens to take action if UN recognizes Palestinian statehood Syria's Government Has Resigned Russia Eliminates Daylight Saving Time. A little English village church has just made a remarkable discovery. The ornate old Bible that had been sitting in plain view on a table near the last row of pews for longer than anyone could remember is an original King James Bible  one of perhaps 200 surviving 400yearold original editions... Japan on Maximum nuclear alert Bolivian President Evo Morales is on a mission to legalize coca leaves, which has legitimate uses aside from being turned into cocaine Dutch bankersonuses axed by people power EU to ban cars from cities by 2050 North Korea asks South Korea for help on a possible volcano eruption. Egyptian Cabinet passes a law criminalizing protests 4 days after a protest invoked constitutional referendum passed. British government finally apologises for a soldier who shot a 12yearold girl in the back as she walked to church. Soldier not jailed. Wikileaks A pink box found at one of the 26/11 Mumbai attack sites that India would not give to FBI  Libyan Rape Victim Still Being Held In Gadhafi Compound French Constitutional Council Validates Internet Censorship Pakistan's secret dirty war. Mutilated corpses bearing the signs of torture keep turning up, among them lawyers, students and farm workers Syrian government resigns amid unrest, announces that emergency law and restrictions on civil liberties will be overturned WSJ.com  The Middle East Crisis Has Just Begun China's most prestigious seat of learning, Peking University, is planning to screen students for 'radical thoughts ProLibya, AntiUS Protest Held in Uganda President Yemen is a ticking time bom Gaddafi troops force rebels back Progovernment forces have intensified their attacks on Libyan rebels, driving them back tens of kilometres over ground they had taken in recent days. Taliban Seize District in Eastern Afghanistan from 
Afghan police Deaths and thousands infected with dengue in Paraguay and Bolivia  NFK Crane in Reactor #3 collapsed onto fuel rods (140) Earliest Christian writings in existence discovered in Jordanian cave  70 new books almost 2,000 years old Facebook has removed a page calling for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel after more than 350,000 people signed up to it. UN Chief Israel occupation 'morally and politically unsustainable, must end' Spain's unemployed one in five under 30 still looking for that first job German Green party politician Malte Spitz used privacy law to force his cell phone carrier to reveal what it knew about him. The result? 35,831 different instances when his mobile phone transferred information over a 6month period The radioactive core in a reactor at the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant appears to have melted through the bottom of its containment vessel and on to a concrete floor Facebook drops Palestinian uprising page after Israel protest. Wilders 'antiIslam' trial to go ahead Court rules case will continue against Dutch politician Geert Wilders on charges of inciting hatred against Muslims. Prominent Bahraini blogger Mahmood AlYousif arrested. His latest tweet simply says Police here for me The Libyan Foreign Minister has Defected Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s own engineers had warned in 2007 that the Fukushima nuclear plant faced a 10 percent chance of being test[ed] or overrun by a tsunami in the next 50 years. Israel considering annexing West Bank settlements 98YearOld War Vet tries to take out 2 police officers with an axe and knife. He's now the oldest person to ever be held in custody by Scottish police. How China and Others Are Altering Web Traffic Invisible servers let governments quietly intercept and modify their citizens' online communications Police suspend effort to remove corpse near troubled nuclear plant due to radiation levels of the body Bahrains protest movement fades beneath government suppression Syrian president addresses the nation. Complicated Israel kidnaps a guy to get information about kidnapped guy Japan to decommission four nuclear power plants Berlusconi Migrants must leave Italy Japan sea radioactivity 'rises' While fighting against massive maiming and rape the Libyan Rebels form their own Central Bank  The Long Arm of Mossad A Palestinian engineer vanishes from a train carriage in Ukraine  and reappears later in an Israeli jail. He's being held without charge. Suspicion is mounting that the man is a Hamas insider with vital information. Ouattara forces enter Cote d'Ivoire's capital Forces loyal to internationally recognised winner of presidential election are parading through streets of the capital. Australian Prime Minister Hacked There are not many occasions where you could say an axe murdering rampage was justified, but this is one of them Muslim girl, 14, lashed to death for adultery by Sharia law, even though was a rape victim Britian's going to start privatizing prisons come October! And they're prepared to call in the army should there be strikes against the move! I'm speechless! Indias population is now pegged at 1.21 billion, an increase of more than 181 million in the last 10 years The IAEA has found cesium137 concentrations of up to 3.7 megabecquerels per square meter, 40km from Fukushima Daiichi. After Chernobyl, the deposition level triggering compulsory relocation was 1.48 MBq/sq.m. Of the top 10 countries with the most executions per year, 7 are Islamic and 2 are communist.  The US is ranked 5th on this list. chief economic adviser to India's Ministry of Finance argues that paying bribes should be legal Brazils Lula Tells Portugal To Reject IMF Bailout Up to 1,000 bodies left untouched near nuclear plant due to radiation fears. ( Japan nuclear refugees feel betrayed by TEPCO We were told again and again it was safe 
 Kosovo's Mafia How the West ignores allegations of organized crime at the highest levels of a new democracy Struggling stewardess exposed euro coin fraud ring A New Palestinian Movement Young, Networked, Nonviolent Confidence Slips Away as Japan Battles Nuclear Peril  Radiation level in seawater hits new high near Fukushima plant  a concentration of 4,385 times the maximum level permitted under law Saudi officials say they gave their backing to Western air strikes on Libya in exchange for the United States muting its criticism of the authorities in Bahrain Egypt extends olive branch to Iran; seeks to normalize ties US allows Libyans to sell their oil. Ivory Coast fighters descend on main city Qadaffi forces laying land mines NATO Warns Rebels Against Attacking Libyan Civilians AFRICA Gaddafi's regime has been ordered to appear before Africa's highest court to face charges of massive violations of human rights for killing peaceful demonstrators in the early days of the uprising. Debating the merits of a press prize for Venezuela's Chvez  A top Argentine university awarded a press prize to Hugo Chvez, who has pumped millions of dollars into community radio and TV stations. He has closed another 40. Bahrain steps up arrests of activists The hole in Ireland's banks is 21bn, equivalent to well over a third of all revenues received by the Irish government. Afghan Mob Kills 10 UN Workers (to protest Koran
burning by Florida Pastor Terry Jones) Saudis admit they supported Libya attack to mute US criticism of Bahrain AC/DC's drummer Phil Rudd has his marijuana conviction overturned because it would affect his globetrotting lifestyle World's largest concretepump, with 70foot boom, en route to Fukushima. Our understanding is, they are preparing to go to next phase and it will require a lot of concrete. As panicked buzzwords like radiation and meltdown are being thrown around, many have forgotten what the real disaster is here. Fukushima Mother 'They Have Accepted They Will All Probably Die.' The Fukushima workers, it turns out, aren't talking because they've been asked not to Workers At Japanese Nuclear Plant Expect to Die. Siege begins at presidential palace in UNbacked, mediaignored forgotten revolution in Ivory Coast Russian President Medvedev to Tests Limits of Power With Plan to Oust Putin Allies
  High Radiation Level Readings Were NOT An Error Radioactivity surges again at Fukushima  Federal Reserve lent money to Gaddafi's bank during econ crisis France ditches carbon tax as social protests mount. A Koranburning by a Florida pastor two weeks ago reportedly sparked a protest today in Kabul that resulted in the deaths of 10 U.N. workers, including possibly the leader of the U.N. mission. Jumpers offered big money to brave Japan's nuclear plant France's 101st, in the Indian Ocean...  India 'to surpass China in population growth' Entomb? Cement pumps flown in to nuke plant.
Same company that helped seal in Chernobyl is sending equipment  Dog rscud aftr floating for 3 wks aftr tsunami Chinese authorities found three companies linked to Google Inc that broke tax rules and are investigating possible tax avoidance Gadafi's forces are winning on the ground, but key 
ministers are defecting. Why? 7 civilians have been killed and 25 hurt after a coalition air strike in eastern Libya, a doctor has told the BBC. Women vie for votes in Nigeria Crews 'facing 100year battle' at Fukushima. ...one expert says the radiation leaks will be ongoing and it could take 50 to 100 years before the nuclear fuel rods have completely cooled and been removed. 180 Japanese who volunteered for the 'suicide mission' to try and save the Tukushima nuclear station from meltdown. These guys..these guys are true heroes. Dr. Michio Kaku says three raging meltdowns under way at Fukushima. Those books found in cave in Jordan labeled most important find in Christian history are actually forgeries created within the last 50 years This is appalling and unacceptable Father of alleged Libyan rape victim, Eman alObeidy, says she is still missing. Royal Navy medic who 'conscientiously objected' to Afghan war after reading files on WikiLeaks, faces court martial Brazil banks sued for Amazon deforestation Brazil's biggest bank  the staterun Banco do Brasil  is being sued for allegedly funding deforestation in the Amazon.  Protesters return to Egypt's Tahrir square Japan tsunami dog rescued after three weeks at sea In the UK, unemployment centers are tasked with tricking people into losing benefits At least 800 people were killed in one city alone in Ivory Coast earlier this week, according to the International Red Cross. This Attack Is Different  
Kabulbased aid worker on what comes next after mob of enraged Afghans kills UN staff in area considered peaceful. This is not the beginning of the end for the international community in Afghanistan. This is the end. Turkish police raid publishing house, newspaper, to confiscate and erase copies of unpublished book, dubbed an illegal organizational document; mere possession of draft book declared a crime Czech Constitutional Court rejects EU data retention law (that requirs ISPs and telecom companies to store customers' communication data for months) Reconsidering the Goldstone Report on Israel and war crimes Japan finds radioactive water leaking into the sea at nuclear plant NATO airstrikes kill Libyan rebels Coalition jet struck prodemocracy forces in country's east, killing at least seven 
Policeman killed in Northern Ireland car bombing. Tepco said the water was coming directly from the reactor and the radiation level was 1,000 millisieverts an hour. The annual limit of radiation exposure allowed for Fukushima workers is 250 millisieverts. The trial of a navy medic who refused to go to war suffered a falsestart when the judge was urged to stand down from the case Mass killings in Cote d'Ivoire UN blames both sides for killing nearly 1,000 people last week in small town of Duekoue Libyan rebels receiving covert training from US and Egyptian special forces Islamic Radicals in Egypt are now leaping aboard the democracy bandwagon, alarming those who believe that religious radicals are seeking to put in place strict Islamic law through ballots.  Experts Scrapping Fukushima plant could take decades Armenia Sinking into Poverty Nine killed and 81 injured in Kandahar protest against US burning of Qur'an, the day after mob killed seven at UN compound Saudi says 5,080 convicted of terrorism crimes The trials of Nunavut Lament for an Arctic nation