 Swiss Government Declares Downloading for Personal Use Legal Rebecca Coriam Lost At Sea  
An amazing look at how a young woman disappeared from a Disney crew ship  a shockingly common occurrence. This story could be told as a simple unsolved crime, but the reporter unearths a much larger narrative Swiss Govt Downloading Movies and Music Will Stay Legal The Pirate Party Effect Threatened by the rise of the Pirates, the German Greens Party scrambles to draw up digital policies to hold on to voters  Australias Ruling Party Endorses Gay Marriage  UK High Street banks are charging eyewatering rates of interest on overdrafts A customer borrowing 100 for 28 days without the consent of Santander would repay 200, for example...  an annualised percentage rate (APR) of 819,100% New 'SuperEarth' Found With FineTuned Telescope Readings NASA's orbiting Kepler probe initially detected the superEarth  a distant rocky planet about the size of the Earth  in our Milky Way galaxy about 350 light years from our solar system. Student Bay Admin Prosecuted in Sweden After a process lasting more than 3yrs, the 23yrold man from Sweden has finally been prosecuted for his role in the operations of Student Bay, a site dedicated to the sharing of textbooks Saudi report claims women at wheel will have sex British soldier has been jailed for stabbing a 10yearold Afghan boy with a bayonet for no reason How Assad Stayed In Power  Russia has blocked UN action. It sees Syria as buffer against Turkey, ally against US, and base for projecting power into Middle East. Danger comes from Turkeywhich has been slow to back Syrian rebels, but is doing so now Iceland Arrests Former CEO Of Failed Bank Myanmar approves first peaceful protest law Yemen protests and crackdown continue despite deal Saleh still acting presidential At least 23 people were reported killed in Syria on Saturday as violence intensified in the eighth month of unrest against President Bashar alAssad, pushing the death toll close to 4,600, according to a leading activist group. Fukushima worse than previously thought Tepco data shows Japanese nuclear plant narrowly averted bigger catastrophe US not invited as Hugo Chvez launches Latin group Islamists and secularists clash in Tunisia The corruption map Vietnam police use fishing nets to capture motorbike street racers Russias election watchdog head detained before vote  North Mexico wilts under worst drought on record Riot Police Block Most Affected by Climate Change from Entering Climate Conference in South Africa We are the ones who suffer most of the consequences of climate change. We look after families. So why are we not there in the conference? Canadians raise $36.6M for Movember Europe's new rules will be mostly Made in Germany  Iran downed US drone plane by hacking, not shooting it. 45,000 evacuated in Germany to defuse WWIIera bomb found in Rhine At last! Bank Boss Told to Pay Back Bonus  
Lloyds plans to strip former chief Eric Daniels of 1.5m payout France withdraws embassy staff from Iran Head of Russia's only political watchdog detained as elections begin Egypt's Islamists win 65% in first round of legislative elections Big 6 Energy Firms Face Fresh Accusations of Profiteering  
Household electricity bills have soared beyond wholesale cost fluctuations  Lack of transparency in power company costs & prices make it very hard to judge what is going on Most Britons believe children will have worse lives than their parents  Least corrupt place? New Zealand. Worst? Somalia, North Korea Bahraini doctors who gave medical care to antigovernment protesters have received prison sentences of five to fifteen years.  Pakistan friendly fire deaths were due to errors by US officers D.E.A. Launders Mexican Profits of Drug Cartels The agents handled shipments of illegal cash across borders to identify how criminal organizations move their money, where they keep their assets and, most important, who their leaders are Russian Elections Vladimir Putin's United Russia Could Lose The Majority Of Seats Vladimir Putin set to lose majority amid complaints of electoral violations Sweden only country vetoing EU sanctions against Syria Latin America launches new economic alliance  Latin American leaders have met in Caracas to launch a new alliance that some hope will help them stand up to the United States. But finding common ground could prove difficult.  In Russia, ultranationalists turn on Putin They openly mock him and his fellow leader Dmitry Medvedev with almost the same vigor as they do migrants. Independent Russian Websites Hacked, Disabled On Election Day China's poverty line Life at the bottom of the middle kingdom Iran  US war A clash of imaginations New centreleft party takes surprise victory in Slovenia Another Asian wakeup call  A drop in external demand means Asia must focus on its own 3.5bn consumers. Putin party suffers setback in Russia vote Exit polls show United Russia with less than 50% of votes, as leader claims victory in legislative election. Israel's right wing frenzy Conservatives propose new bills to take on citizenship and leftist aid groups Australia's Labor party backs uranium sales to India Julian Assange wins the right to take his case against extradition to the UK supreme court. Iceland arrests failed bank CEO, a top trader and a broker Pileup on Japanese expressway claims 14 luxury cars, including eight Ferraris and a Lamborghini, in what may be the most expensive car wreck of all time. A humanitarian worker was raped after being stopped at a security checkpoint in Egypt. She contacted the British embassy in Cairo for help, but diplomatic staff failed to offer any assistance and says they insisted she travel alone to report the incident to Egypt's security forces English riots were 'a sort of revenge' against the police. Rioters interviewed for our study say they sought retribution for what they saw as police abuse of power in their communities
 Fukushima Inside the Exclusion Zone [pics] Chinese government cites self immolation as an act of terrorism Evidence of electoral fraud in Russia turnout of 146% in some areas and 99.48% support for united russia in Chechnya The young protesters who toppled President Mubarak wanted freedom, but instead they are getting Islamic radicals who want to introduce a strict new moral regime. Britain's top secret invasion plans stolen in Iranian embassy attack... good job they were for invading France in 1943 Antarctic's hidden world revealed  Ever wondered what Antarctica would look like without all that ice? South Korea has launched an internet television channel to inform its young people about North Korea and the potential consequences of reunification More than 100,000 Vietnamese have been killed or injured by land mines or other abandoned explosives since the Vietnam War ended nearly 40 years ago, and clearing all of the country will take decades more Occupy the Kremlin Russia's Election Lets Loose Public Rage China is experiencing the worst crackdown since 1989 with a rising number of enforced disappearances of activists The hidden cold war between Tehran and its enemies, especially longtime foe Saudi Arabia, is escalating fast, bringing with it wider risk of conflict OECD urges raising taxes on high earners 'average income of the richest 10% of the population in developed economies is now 9 times that of the poorest 10%, having been 5 times as large in the 1980s.' Germans ask Why doesn't eurozone like us?  Images of Greek protesters waving signs of German Chancellor Merkel in Nazi uniform have troubled Germans. Many in struggling eurozone countries resent Merkel's hard line. Obituary Socrates  


Footballer. Named after philosopher. Trained as doctor. Captained Brazil's muchadmired World Cup team in 1982. Drank and smoked far too much. Died at 57. Beauty comes first. Victory is secondary. What matters is joy Pakistan seeks Australia uranium after India ban lifted Why conflict diamonds are so controversial 'A major international environmental group pulls out of the process to guarantee that diamonds do not come from conflict zones, saying the Kimberley Process had refused to evolve and address the clear links between diamonds, violence and tyranny.' Argentina is quietly reaching out to Iran, worrying key Western powers and Israel as they try to tighten Tehran's international isolation over its nuclear program, U.N. diplomats Israeli ministers have hit back Hillary Clinton after the top American diplomat was quoted expressing concern over the future of Israel's democracy and the rights of women UK's DPM, Nick Clegg threatened to introduce new laws to clamp down on executive pay; warns the private sector must take its share of the pain in the age of austerity Explosion Seen as Big Setback to Irans Missile Program Russia has sent interior ministry troops to Moscow and increased the alert level of security forces after a protest of thousands of people opposing Vladimir Putin  Iran Revolutionary Guard prepare for war China gave a jolt to United Nationsled climate talks by appearing to call for binding emissions cuts, prompting some industrial powers to reconsider their positions at a conference where few had expected real progress. Greenpeace activists successfully break into nuclear power plants in France to show security flaws Dozens of corpses were recovered from the streets of Homs, Syria this week, some of them dismembered, decapitated and bearing signs of torture, activists and residents said Tuesday. 
 After a court ordered two of the largest Belgian Internet service providers to prevent their users accessing The Pirate Bay, the local antipiracy outfit is now urging other ISPs to do the same. Internet providers who refuse to give in to this request within 10 days will be taken to court. Thousands protest against Putin in Moscow  Iranian forces go on war alert Muslim women not used to drinking walk free after attack on woman Canadian victory for online privacy. India wants websites to screen content about countrys leaders ... Indias top telecom official said Internet giants such as Facebook and Google have ignored his demands to screen derogatory remarks India not warming up to walmart French move to ban prostitution by punishing clients Mexican presidential frontrunner struggles to name three books  Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico's leading presidential contender, was unable to name three books that had influenced him, and could only name one he had read parts of  the Bible.
 Russia Troops on streets of Moscow to police postelection protests
 Funny Money  
In 2004 Canadian police stopped a suspicious vehicle on the highway. Inside they uncovered stacks of C$20 notes. Near perfect counterfeit. A forgery so widespread it forced a radical rethink of the entire nation's physical currency 60% of Germans believe the euro is not a good idea, according to a poll released Sunday in a German news magazine, nearly a decade after euro coins and notes were introduced.

 China is surprise good guy at Durban climate conference 
World's biggest carbon emitter says it might sign an agreement to change its ways.
 The conference on Afghanistan aimed to paint an optimistic future for the country. But the country's inhabitants have no illusions They know that their military cannot protect them, and that the warlords are jockeying for position. Meanwhile, the Taliban are just waiting for the Americans to leave. Monkey arrested by Pakistan for crossing India border  not faking news Twin attacks on Shi'ite holiday kill dozens in Afghanistan  An apparent suicide bomber has attacked a Shi'ite shrine in central Kabul, killing over 50 people, while a bicycle bomb exploded in northern MazariSharif, killing at least four. New Jerusalem park a 'ruse' to set up new settlement, activists say Residents and leftists claim plan designed to block development of two Palestinian neighborhoods in eastern half of city How Investigators Unravelled Europe's BiggestEver FakeMedicine Scam 
Story of sting operation that ensnared one of China's most prolific drug counterfeiters. From Viagra to Tamiflu, Kevin Xu was making millions exporting fake medicines to Europe. His downfall? His wife's love of diamonds Mexico drug war casualty Citizenry suffers posttraumatic stress Police criticised after tent dress torn off Occupy Melbourne protester Petition to pardon computer pioneer Alan Turing started Turnout is near 100% and 99.48% voted for Putin's party, United Russia. In Chechnya. I haven't heard about results like that since the Soviet times. Election fraud in Russia caught on video ballotstuffing, erasable ink and more Mikhail Gorbachev, the former Soviet Union leader, has called for Russia's elections be rerun due to fraud. Massive Attack and Thom Yorke from Radiohead back Occupy London protest with secret gig Beijing chokes under heavy blanket of smog. THE LEADERS of Germany and France today declared a federalised Europe is the only way to solve the sovereign debt crisis gripping the continent. Saudi Arabia sentences Australian man to 500 lashes over lasphemy' Anxious Greeks Emptying Their Bank Accounts China arrests 600 in huge child trafficking bust Putin's Last Election   
His party monopolised media, stuffed ballot boxes, leaned on local officialsand still got less than 50% of the vote. For years he promised to end corruption, improve public services. He didn't. Now Russians have had enough Australian given 500 lashes for blasphemy in Saudi Arabia Police clashed with demonstrators protesting vote fraud in Moscow and at least two other major Russian cities Tuesday, as anger boiled over against Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and his ruling United Russia party.

 Google stands up to censorship request by Indian govt. Honduran journalists face 'growing threat' Journalists in Honduras are facing growing danger, the country's human rights commissioner has warned.  Prices Soar as Chinese Bid for Spirits & Tonics Fortified With Rhino Horns & Tiger Bones  This is a year after Prime Minister Wen Jiabao  reaffirmed a ban on such products. Tiger bone wine promises to stave off chills, improve circulation & eliminate fatigue. 
 A court in China has rejected Apple's lawsuit accusing a Chinese technology company of infringing its iPad trademark. Egyptian Salafist Leader Coptic Christians should not hold high political office in Egypt; government should monitor women's attire and force tourists to abide by Islamic law Egyptian Surgeon has proof that depleted Uranium ammo was used against protesters in Egypt Tahrir square YouTube tram woman will spend Christmas in jail Protesters surround the US Embassy in Toronto, 
drawing attention to election fraud and genocide in 
the Congo 'Silent coup' rumors swirl in Pakistan after president leaves
 Earthquake funds used to subsidise Japan's whaling Pakistan President Zardari suffers heart attack Mexico's war on drugs blights resort of Acapulco  Five years after President Caldern declared war on Mexico's drug traffickers, residents in Acapulco are haunted by fear and violence
 A Russian Awakening?  Russia's once apolitical youth has taken to the streets of Moscow and launched the largest demonstrations since the collapse of the Soviet Union  Japan will spend $29 million of its Tsunami disaster budget to hunt whales. Putin accuses US of being behind Russian protests. Bell Pottinger caught rewriting Wikipedia entries  
The extent of lobbying company's internet manipulation to alter its clients' reputations revealed Inside Romania's secret CIA prison  Bill Gates developing nuclear reactor with China Scottish Judge decrees the ancient right to catch salmon with a fly more important than the riverside garden decking owned by a lawyer, who told the fly fishermen to switch to shorter rods & different lures if his greenery was interfering with their fly fishing Vladimir Putin accuses Hillary Clinton of encouraging Russian protests Militants armed with rocketpropelled grenades and automatic weapons attack and destroy at least 22 oil tankers parked in Pakistan, carrying fuel for NATO troops in Afghanistan. Fukushima Daiichi operator considers plans to dump treated water into sea. Tepco says it is running out of space to store water and may dump it, prompting protests from fishing groups. Assad says only crazy leaders kill own people Medvedev's Twitter obscenity shocked ... It has become clear that if a person writes the expression 'party of swindlers and thieves' in their blog then they are a stupid sheep getting f****d in the mouth ) Palestinian mosque in the West Bank torched.  Police suspect the attack is the work of radical Israeli settlers. Package sent to Deutsche Bank CEO was bomb Poland to Germany  You have become Europe's indispensable nation. You may not fail to lead not dominate, but to lead in reform. Copyright Trolls Auction Off 90 Million in FileSharing Settlements, a German law firm has started an auction to sell the unpaid settlements of 70,000 alleged filesharers to the highest bidder.
 Leaked StraussKahn Hotel Footage Creates its Own Mystery  
A compilation of Sofitel Hotel surveillance videos shows him checking out May 14 as well as his accuser, Nafissatou Diallo, apparently reporting his alleged sexual assault to hotel managers Donations to charities in China plunge after scandals ... Charitable donations in China have plunged more than 80 percent because of public mistrust 49 penguins freed after rescue from New Zealand oil spill Twilight In Damascus  


Syrian notebook. The regime has much more violence in reserve. Things will get worse before they get better. But the revolt has endured, it's everywhere, it's not going to crumble. Assad is doomed. Everyone knows it Egypt's Islamists claim most seats in runoffs ... Muslim Brotherhood won a majority of runoff contests Syria says pipeline blown up by rebel saboteurs  A Syrian pipeline carrying oil from the east of the country to a vital refinery in Homs was blown up Thursday in what the official news agency SANA said was an act of sabotage by an armed terrorist group. Mexico earns a rare victory against crime, thwarts Qaddafi son's plans  Egypt's military will have final say on country's new constitution Scaf generals say they will have final approval over new political system, whatever the outcome of the election
 Over 20 NATO tankers torched in Pakistan in 1st attack since Islamabad closed the border to protest coalition airstrikes that killed 24 Pakistani troops last month Iranian TV airs footage of captured US drone A German chemical company says it can recycle rare metals from old solar panels  effectively washing them off in a chemical bath so the different elements can be reused. The spent batteries Americans turn in for recycling are increasingly being sent to Mexico, where their lead is often extracted by crude methods that are illegal in the United States, exposing plant workers and local residents to dangerous levels of a toxic metal. French court fines first women for fullface veils ... court slapped fines on women for wearing the fullface covering Islamic niqab veil for the first time Thursday, case could have legal implications across Europe War on Iran has already begun. Act before it threatens all of us. Madam who ran gang that forced hundreds of women to work as prostitutes in China has been executed Russia's middle class a growing problem for Putin Malawi to review homosexuality ban after US aid threat Eurozone countries go it alone with new treaty that excludes Britain Russian Government Says It Will Permit Massive Protest This Weekend Exxon's deal with the Kurds inflames Baghdad.  The oil giant has defied Iraq's government by signing up to drill in disputed territory Europe's Great Divorce  


The EU's tectonic plates have slipped momentously along same the fault line that has always divided itthe English Channel. British PM David Cameron says it was a tough decision but the right one for his country. Is he correct? Dutch state apologizes for 1947 Indonesia massacre Has Europe Reached its Articles of Confederation Moment? America under the Articles of Confederation was a mess, not unlike Europe today. Could it lead to a stronger European Union? Official New euro accord to include 23 countries Palestinian seriously wounded at West Bank protest by Israeli forces China executes rogue trader, millions still missing
| Reuters Croatia has signed a treaty to make it the 28th member of the European Union from mid2013, becoming the EU's second exYugoslav member after Slovenia. UN rights chief presses Syria for access, confirms at least 1,000 security forces killed Israel carried out more airstrikes in Gaza early Friday, killing one Palestinian Japanese whalers sue Sea Shepherd Drone Program Attacked by HumanRights Groups Were sorry, Japanese government tells Canadian POWs Sudan Rebels pose challenge to BashirGrowth of rebel groups creates arc of revolt around Khartoum regime. In Syria, a boy lies dead in his home. We are not safe, this government is murderous, It is killing people, it is killing its own people.

 Nationwide protests under way in Russia Universal Censors Megaupload Song, Gets Branded a Rogue Label Mrs. Clinton warns India, China and other countries that restrictions on the Internet threatened not only basic freedoms and human rights, but also international commerce and the free flow of information China Awards Peace Prize to Putin.  The Confucius Peace Prize was hastily launched last year as an alternative to the Nobel Peace Prize which had just honored imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo. Women's rights in Israel challenged by ultraOrthodox  including singing in public. Dutch apologize for 1947 executionstyle massacre of hundreds of Indonesians Putin Out, Russian protesters chant Police now believe 803 had phones hacked in U.K. media scandal Moscow election protest draws thousands Demonstrations held in at least 50 other Russian cities Chavez's 40year plan to cure Venezuela's ills Socialism, socialism and more socialism Nobel Peace Prize awarded in Oslo. The 2011 Nobel Peace Prize is presented jointly to three women at a ceremony in Oslo One in three toys made in China contains heavy metals, and one in 10 excessive levels of lead, while labels do not warn of the presence of such substances, according to new research.
 Only 6 Countries in the World Have Sound Pension Systems. Photos of people protesting in Moscow, Russia taken from helicopter. Massive  Saudi Universities Offer Cash in Exchange for Academic Prestige Syrian Forces Kill 43 Protesters, Children, Activist Says Fake Twitter chatter drowns out Russian protesters Thousands Gather in Russia to Protest Legislative Elections  Marchers in Moscow protest what they called fraudulent elections, forcing the Kremlin to confront a level of public anger that has not been seen since Vladimir Putin first became president. Thousands Gather in Russia to Protest Legislative Elections Australian leads immunisation revolution (Vid) Russia The long life of Homo Sovieticus  Soviet politics was an artificial construct of doublethink, paternalism, suspicion and isolationism. Putinism is more of the samewith new characteristics such as cynicism and aggression. Change needed. Don't hold your breath Tens of thousands of Russians join nationwide vote protest
 Germany violated civil rights by not compensating everyone injured by a tangled property dispute stretching across the country's Nazi and socialist eras, the European Court of Human Rights ruled Research In Motion execs who caused plane to be diverted 'chewed through restraints' Portugal raids pension funds to meet deficit targets Forced marriages are to become a criminal offence in UK Japan causes outrage after confirming it's diverting millions of pounds tagged for the reconstruction of its tsunamidevastated coast to protect its annual Antarctic whalehunt from environmental activists  Pakistan says U.S. drones in its air space will be shot down A man convicted of raping his daughter has been sentenced by a Saudi court to receive 2,080 lashes over a 13year prison term. North Korea furious at South's Christmas lights plan  North Korea has warned South Korea of unexpected consequences if it lights up a Christmas treeshaped tower near their tense border. Moscow protesters want 'free elections, not revolution' Palestinian shot by teargas canister in West Bank dies Outrage at UK's $1bn Loan to Brazil Oil Giant  UK broke promise to champion British firms investing in clean energy, say Greenpeace & World Wildlife Fund  The firm was involved in 18 major spills between 19752001 resulting in 150 killed.  In 2010, it shut down for safety reasons. Moscow yesterday  Mexico Drug Gangs Up Ante With HighTech Tunnels  Features include a hydraulic lift entrance opened by a fake water tap & elevator & electric rail tracks.  One tunnel stretched 2.5 miles. (With Photo) Jeffrey Sachs That's not a free market, that's a game. The controversial economist talks about the collapse of the global financial system and how to end the crisis.
 Magnitude 6.7 earthquake rocks Guerrero, Mexico Scotland Yard 800 Were Hacked By The News of 
the World Germany is the most grownup country in the world today  it really represents the age of educated middleclass culture. Romania must come clean over secret prisons | Amnesty International Russian Government television fully covered Saturdays protests in Moscow  A Clear Frustration in Europe. Cameron 
manoeuvred himself into a populist corner from 
which he would no longer emerge. Europe doesn't 
need you. ''In a crisis, a partner must above all be 
loyal and ready to compromise.  The other 
partners must now marginalize Britain. Tory MP regrets stag party's Nazi toasts, SS costumes and waiter taunts One person was injured in southern Lebanon Sunday when a rocket apparently fired toward Israel hit a Lebanese border village On Russian TV News, in Startling Shift, Straightforward Account of Days Events British Prime Minister David Camerons veto of E.U. pact splinters his coalition Internet poses increasing danger to Kremlin's authority   The Internet has proven instrumental in challenging the Kremlin and mobilizing demonstrators to rally in protest of voting irregularities and accusing the government of election fraud. Chinas Amateur Spying Problem  Many see Chinas economic espionage as state directed. Actually, marketization of its defense and hightech industries means there are plenty of freelancers.
 Two local politicians from Norways populist Progress Party have called for fines to be issued to people who give money to beggars.
 Beyond Guantnamo, a Web of Prisons for Terrorism Inmates A South Korean coastguard was stabbed to death by a Chinese fisherman Monday in an operation to apprehend a Chinese vessel operating illegally near South Korean waters As Canada's govt attempts to drag the country back into the last century with its drug and crime policies, a new drug reform umbrella group  Canadian Drug Policy Coalition (CDPC)  emerges to fight for smart, sensible, evidencebased alternatives Man throws shoes at Iranian president Ahmadinejad UK police to test laser that linds rioters'  The shouldermounted laser emits a blinding wall of light capable of repelling rioters Burning for Freedom SelfImmolation in China   Tibetan Buddhists have been burning themselves alive in China as an act of political protest Poland Treatment Not Jail Drug Law Now in Effect 'Cleansed' Libyan Town Spills Its Terrible Secrets  


A few months ago, Tawergha in northern Libya was a town of 30,000 inhabitants. Now it lies empty. What happened to the people who lived there? And what does it say about reconciliation in postGaddafi Libya? Israel agrees to further expand major Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Could the desert sun power the world? Green electricity generated by Sahara solar panels is being hailed as a solution to the climate change crisis
 Zimbabwe thinks about using Chinese yuan Russian Billionaire (and NBA owner) Mikhail Prokhorov to Challenge Putin for Russia's Presidency Mysterious explosion kills 7, injures 16 in Iran Salafist party vows to ban alcohol, beach tourism in Egypt Cambodia prison labor concerns  A new law legalizes the use of prison labor by private companies, putting Cambodia's sweatshopfree reputation on the line.
 Britain is ruled by the banks, for the banks.

Is David Cameron's kidglove treatment of the City remotely justified, when it neither pays its way nor lends effectively?
 Member of the Iranian parliament's National Security Committee said on Monday that the military was set to practice its ability to close the Gulf to shipping at the narrow Strait of Hormuz, the most important oil transit channel in the world, but there was no official confirmation. Canada to withdraw from Kyoto Protocol The Web vs. Putin Taking on Russia's Old Guard with New Technology   The Kremlin seems powerless to stop the online activists as Russians lose their fear. For the first time, Vladimir Putin seems vulnerable. New Canadians will now have to show their faces when swearing the oath of citizenship SuperRich Israelis No Longer Ashamed To Flaunt Their Wealth Israel, despite socialist roots, now has a huge income gap. Displays of riches, such as a $2million wedding and a 'Real Housewives'style show, draw awe and contempt. BBC journalist killed in New Zealand street attack   Telegraph AlQaeda fighters tunnel out of Yemen jail Its very likely China will see a trade deficit in the next quarter, said Shen, who previously worked at the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. Putin dismisses election anullment A Chinese man accused of rioting in Guangdong province dies in police custody, with analysts saying his death could stoke tensions.
 Deadly blasts rock Belgian city Beijing air pollution goes from 'hazardous' to off the charts, literally Canada becomes first nation to pull out of Kyoto Protocol Massive methane leak off the coast of Russia. Hundreds of plumes detected, some over a kilometer wide. We will reverseengineer US drone and mass produce it in the near future, says top Iranian MP An Italian man has opened fire in two markets in central Florence, killing two Senegalese traders and injuring three others Hizbullah outs 10 CIA spies on Lebanese television Syria crackdown has killed 5,000 people, UN says Tunisias assembly elects human rights activist as interim president [Washington Post] 2008 email alerted James Murdoch to hacking  the first documentation that he may have been notified of the wider problem long before he has admitted. Minister in charge of Australia's broadcasting standards drops the fbomb on live TV Chinese Fishermen File Suit Against ConocoPhillips  Over 100 fishermen filed a lawsuit today seeking compensation, blaming oil spills from some of its offshore wells for damage to their sea cucumber catches Ten Years Of Medical Marijuana  Wide range of medical marijuana users find relief in pot, despite government misgivings. Iran Plans to Hold Military Drill to Close Strait of Hormuz; Oil Surges to $100  A Fake Challenger for Vladimir Putin?  Billionaire New Jersey Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov has declared his intention to run against Vladimir Putin for the Russian presidency in March. But opposition figures say his candidacys a sham to help legitimize the election. Crisis looms for private schools in Saudi Arabia as 9,000 teachers quit In a blast to Climate Change legislation, Canada to withdraw from Kyoto Protocol.  Canada under fire over Kyoto protocol exit. Environment Minister Peter Kent ''Kyoto is not the path forward for a global solution for climate change.'' Iran must chose between a bomb or survival Israel ... We believe that in order to stop the Iranian military nuclear project, the regime in Tehran should face a dilemma  whether to have a bomb or to survive, Persistent drought in Romania threatens Danube's power  


Drop in the level of the river's waters means that nuclear reactor may have to close down Pressure for EU net neutrality rules India and China, the new Great Game ... China to open first military base in Indian Ocean. Russia accuses West of 'immoral' stance on Syria  Russia's foreign minister has accused the West of an immoral stance on Syria, saying it should condemn the opposition as well as security forces. Deadly attack in Liege, Belgium Satellite navigation systems may share your every move...when, where and how long you took all collected by company.  For the first time on record, the Chinese Communist party has lost all control, with the population of 20,000 in this southern fishing village now in open revolt.  Wukan denizens clash with Chinese police and run all Party officials out of their town. It is on in China A dispute between farmers and Communist Party officials exploded into open rebellion; villagers chased away government leaders, set up roadblocks and began arming themselves with homemade weapons Mexico Violent clash between student demonstrators and police. Two students shot dead. 7.3 Earthquake strikes Paupa New Guinea. IRAN If the world wants to make the region insecure, we will make the world insecure Armed gang steals millions from Dubai royal family Iran rejects calls to return US spy drone, saying it is now their property and demands apology for invading Iranian airspace 
Britain's fledgling shale gas industry could be stopped in its tracks after dramatic new evidence established a link between fracking & water pollution 2 Leaders in Russian Media Fired After Election Articles Witness to an Uprising What I Saw in Bahrain  An English instructor living in Manama saw a wouldbe revolution brutally repressed outside his window, so he tried to document it on video, and that's when his troubles started Norways tax office risks facing pimping charges if it insists on taxing a 29yearold Lithuanian prostitute, the womans lawyer has said.
 Shock as retreat of Arctic sea ice releases deadly greenhouse gas  Russian research team astonished after finding 'fountains' of methane bubbling to surface. Putin Ally Resigns as Speaker of Parliament after election fraud is exposed Prices Spike as Butter Shortage Spreads in Norway  A seller auctioned 500 gm (1.1 lbs) of butter for 30 times the normal price.  A Russian was caught smuggling 90 kg (200 lbs) of butter from Germany into Norway. Authorities warn not to buy butter from strangers. How Do You Prove Someone's a Witch in Saudi Arabia?  Call the religious police's AntiWitchcraft Unit and get them to set up a sting operation. Social scientist Wilhelm Heitmeyer has been publishing studies on German attitudes for a decade. In a SPIEGEL interview, he discusses his latest results, which show that Germans' relationship to minorities and the disadvantaged has become increasingly hostile.  BBC News  French colonel 'killed himself in proHmong protest' Satellite spots China's first aircraft carrier at sea Two FileSharers from Finland Fined Total of $725,000, Others Asked To Pay Thousands
 Jailed Afghan rape victim freed Hong Kong is the world's most developed financial market, according to a World Economic Forum report, overtaking the US and the UK for the first time. China's abandoned 'Wonderland' theme park God helped us trap and capture the US surveillance and targetting drone. We have nearly finished decrypting its information and will use that information to mass produce an even better version of it. No, we're not giving it back.  Senior Iranian Official, Parviz Sorouri European parliamentarian challenges EU Commissioner to a pruneeating contest after committee ruled that prunes do not have a laxative effect How Big Is The North Korean Army?  


It's a secret. Or it would be, if the government hadn't kindly published two sets of census data, one national and one local. The national one shows about 700,000 people who aren't captured locally. About right for an army Police shave mohawks off punks at Indonesia concert  Police in Indonesias most conservative province raided a punkrock concert and detained 65 fans, buzzing off their spiky mohawks and stripping away body piercings because of the perceived threat to Islamic values. 	 Chevron admits it hasnt been able to stop Brazil oil leak  Last month Chevron spilled over 100,000 gallons of oil off the coast. They tried to plug the well with cement, but Chevron had to admit it didn't work. Canada's environmental minister is called a piece of shit by an opposition MP after Canada  withdraws from Kyoto Junkyard Gives Up Secret Accounts of Massacre in Iraq The European Union Parliament has made a statement opposing SOPA, particularly in reference to the ability of the US to seize domain names.
 Iceland just became the first Western European country to recognize Palestine France's faulty breast implants scandal More than 30,000 women have had breast implants filled with industrial silicone instead of medicalgrade fillers Vladimir Putin lashes out at America for killing Gaddafi and backing protests  Russia's experiencing its biggest protests since the fall of the Soviet Union. Are we witnessing a political awakening? BBC News  French exPresident Jacques Chirac guilty of corruption Suspected Jewish extremists torch second Palestinian mosque, deface it with Hebrew graffiti Human Rights Watch says it has identified 74 Syrian commanders and intelligence officials who ordered troops to indiscriminately shoot unarmed protesters N Korean soldiers flee into China  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Former French president Jacques Chirac found guilty of corruption A Massacre In Jamaica  
In 2009 the United States requested the extradition of druglord Christopher Dudus Coke from his stronghold in Tivoli Gardens, Kingston. One year later, Prime Minister Golding sanctioned the request. Then all hell broke loose China's real estate bubble is bursting  economy on the verge of collapse. The reputation of the Netherlands as the goto country for a legal joint will begin to vanish like a puff of smoke next year as sales to foreigners of cannabis and hashish in coffee shops are banned. 14 bombsniffing dogs on way to Afghanistan died in truck Chinese village besieged after protests  Police seal off roads and food supplies to village in southern province after rallies against government land seizures. The German capital's entire local train system broke down on Thursday afternoon, leaving thousands stuck in trains on the tracks. Iran to exhibit US and Israeli drones Chinese villagers in standoff with riot police call on government to intervene Wukan village residents have barricaded themselves in over a land dispute in which one person has died
 French Presidents Residence Busted For BitTorrent Piracy Syrian rebels kill dozens of Assad's forces in fresh clashes Netanyahu wants rightwing extremists labeled anarchists instead of terrorists Christopher Hitchens dies at 62 Police include Occupy movement on terror list  Yahoo! Dutch report finds thousands of children were sexually abused in Catholic institutions Moscow airport police find 18 canisters of nuclear sodium destined for Iran Julian Assange can appeal against extradition The supreme court says the WikiLeaks founder's appeal raises questions of general public importance on extradition law
 Gaddafi's death may be war crime ICC prosecutor The Secret City  The popes pornographic bathroom Victoria's shameful secret Luxury underwear is made from  cotton picked by 'abused child slaves Brazil Now Seeking Permanent Ban on Chevron  after oil spill impedes offshore drilling at a time the country wants to up its output  Officials in the Netherlands for decades failed to protect thousands of children who suffered sexual abuse in Dutch Catholic institutions, an independent inquiry has found End of anonymity in Chinese microblogging  Weibo users will be forced to register with real names BBC News  Russia becomes WTO member after 18 years of talks Assange Granted Appeal Against Extradition Oil Leaks From Cargo Ship Beached on French Coast  It ran aground off Erdeven beach, a huge nature preserve of dunes & wildlife  People  are warned to stay indoors as rescuers pumped fuel from the hold  (With Photo) Iran official We tricked the U.S. surveillance drone to land intact Russia supports Canada's withdrawal from Kyoto protocol  


Russia's foreign ministry has reaffirmed that Moscow will not take on new commitments  Inside China's protest village Wukan in Guangdong. A revolt against corruption breaks out and holds out against government forces. Israel announces new 'depth' command for longrange (far from Israel's borders) military operations BBC News  Thousands abused in Dutch Catholic institutions Skeptics cast doubt on Fukushima status, even as Japan declares nuclear reactors 'stable'  ICC prosecutor says there are serious suspicions Moammar Gadhafis death was a war crime Japan declares crippled nuke plant stable Deaths from Indian toxic alcohol poisoning rise to 160, with hundreds more critically ill Victoria's Secret Child Slaves Forced to Pick Organic Fair Trade Cotton Former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi death may be war crime ICC prosecutor The founder of a Russian newspaper that investigated government corruption has been shot dead in the North Caucasus region, in what an international watchdog called a lethal blow to press freedom UK Police sued by women who were duped into forming long term relationships with undercover policemen Egyptian soldiers charge Tahrir Square, beating protesters and burning tents Tunisia unveils statue to honor the man whose selfimmolation started the Jasmine Revolution Israeli prisons are being refilled with almost exactly the number of Palestinians that were released in October's prisoner exchange. The 470 arrested since then include 70 children and 11 women. 'Alliance between banks and governments at the heart of eurozone crisis'  The 'monstrous irresponsibility' of European banks contributed to the current euro crisis, says Edmund Phelps. But at its core lies a fatal collusion between governments and banks, argues the Nobel Winner in Economics.  Tens of millions of dollars in diamond profits are said to be bypassing the treasury of Zimbabwe and ending up with President Robert Mugabe and his supporters Uk bankers' secret meetings with ministers Fears are growing that banks are successfully thwarting Govt's plans to overhaul the British banking system and Treasury is weakening some of the key reforms due to intense lobbying Iran Says It Has Arrested Suspected US Spy Philippine Floods Kills More Than 400 Iran gained control of the drone by overwhelming the GPS signal that was guiding the aircraft with an Iranian signal, an Iranian engineer told The Christian Science Monitor on condition of anonymity Iran linded' CIA spy satellite with a laser burst Arab Spring anniversary how a lost generation found its voice  It started with a death in Tunisia, spread to Egypt, Libya, Bahrain and Syria. But one year on, the youth revolt has gone truly global
 Bhagavad Gita faces 'extremistranding, ban in Russia Chinese Protesters Take Over Their Town Why Beijing Should Expect More   Eventually the siege will end but the fundamental challenge to Beijing will not Boat sinks off Indonesia coast, hundreds missing ... boat carrying 380 migrants, most of them from the Middle East, sank off the coast of east Java in Indonesia and hundreds are still missing Tonga revealed to be hub in global drug trade Tongan Speaker of Parliament met with Columbian kingpin last year, and recently took a bribe to allow drugs to move through Tonga  India  Rich nations cannot hold hostage' interests of majority Cesaria Evora dies, age 70 Former Tunisian Regime Goes Beyond Spying On Internet Traffic... To Rewriting Emails & More Germany's alleged witches have been largely forgotten. But thanks to efforts by a small group of activists, a number of German cities have begun absolving women, men and children who were wrongly accused of causing plagues, storms and bad harvests. The Bioterrorist Next Door  
Eyeopening detail on scientists who have engineered a killer birdflu I can't think of another pathogenic organism that is as scary as this. I don't think anthrax is scary at all compared to this. Should governments stop them? Russian journalist gunned down in violent republic of Dagestan ... Masked killer fired 14 rounds at Khadzhimurad Kamalov as he left his newspaper's office in Makhachkala Brazil dam company wins Belo Monte appeal A judge in Brazil has revoked a decision which had halted work on the Belo Monte dam in the Amazon region.  At least seven people were killed and hundreds injured in Cairo on Friday when Egyptian security forces attempted to forcibly clear a camp of protesters calling for an end to military rule, just a day after historic parliamentary elections.  Vaclav Havel, Czech AntiCommunist Hero and first Democratically elected President, Has Died A picture of a female Egyptian protester who was stripped from her black abaya and abused by army men has met with angry tweets criticizing the countrys Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  UK teenager wins settlement from London Met police after being harassed, threatened and detained for photographing a military parade last year. Police said photographing the soldiers was silly, gay, stupid and a possible threat under the UKs Terrorism Act Outrage over woman's beating fuels new Egypt protests The brave women of the Middle East Female protesters brutally beaten with metal poles as vicious soldiers drag girls through streets by their hair in day of shame  Japanese less likely to trust officials, main media, since disaster  For many older Japanese, the government remains a trusted, paternal overseer. But younger Japanese are now consulting the Internet and other information sources, rather than depending on major media. Egypt clashes kill 10, undermine Army narrative of democratic transition  This weekend's renewed violence in Egypt, including the documented use of live ammunition against unarmed protesters, has further eroded confidence in the ruling military council. North Korean labor camps in Siberia 

 Former Czech President Vaclav Havel Dies at 75 Deadly Gas Enters the Arab Spring Activists across the Middle East are reporting a mysterious toxin, possibly a banned nerve agent, in the thick clouds of tear gas used by security forces to suppress antigovernment protests Top 24 Deep Space Pictures Of 2011  


One for all you budding astronomers. A gallery of the most important deep space images of the year, each one with helpful, comprehensible annotations. Aweinspiring and educational. Don't miss the beautiful shot of the Orion Nebula Israel's political leaders and chief rabbis on Sunday [18 December 2011] condemned persistent efforts by ultraOrthodox Jewish men to shunt Israeli women to the back of public buses, a year after the country's Supreme Court outlawed the practice. Putin regrets that USSR did not fight for survival Iran TV shows 'CIA spy' speaking of alleged mission Israel seeks builders for over 1,000 settler homes ... part of a settlement plan it accelerated after Palestinians won recognition by a U.N. body, but a move which complicates a return to negotiations Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood faced a growing backlash from protesters in Tahrir Square after it was accused of collaborating with the country's military leaders to prevent an immediate transition to civilian rule.  British Fishing Industry Makes Controversial EU Deal  It cuts days at sea but increases net size. It's called a itter blow' over quotas  It doubles NE herring quota, raises cod catches 150%, SW haddock 25%,  NE haddock, NE & SW whiting 15%, & Channel sole catches 9%.

 Clegg attacks Conservative plans to give married couples tax breaks  Nick Clegg is to attack Tory plans to introduce tax breaks for married couples, claiming ministers must not try to preserve a 1950s model of family life in aspic.  Beijing Tightens Cyber Controls  China is launching its strongest official measure yet to quell electronic expressions of discontent, clamping down on its versions of Twitter that have increasingly fueled oncerare protests and threaten to undermine its leaders' firm hold on power.  Arab Spring Women in the line of fire Russian journalist who investigated government corruption gunned down Typhoon Washi leaves 1,400 dead or missing in Philippines Police issue arrest warrant against Iraqi vice president for the recent parliament blast Oil Rig With Dozens on Board Sinks in Russia Troops Beat Cairo Protesters After Clashes  
Demonstrators beaten in Tahrir Square in 2nd day of clashes that have killed 10 & wounded over 430. Military police openly beat women protesters in the street & slap elders in the face. North Korea Leader KimJong Il has died The Land of No Smiles Photographer entered North Korea by posing as a businessman looking to open a chocolate factory; images rarely captured and even more rarely distributed in the West, show stark glimmers of everyday life in the world's last gulag North Korea Says Its Leader Kim Jong Il Has Died Twitter, the coordinating tool of the Arab uprisings, has sold a $300million stake to a member of the Saudi Royal family. Number of journalists imprisoned worldwide has shot up more than 20 percent to its highest level since the mid1990s. N. Korea testfires shortrange missile | YONHAP NEWS Religious Israel Youth Clean up Defaced Mosque in Protest of Pricetag Vandalism Japan Takes Sea Shepherd to Court over Violence Israeli woman refuses to take back seat North Korean Leader Kim Jong Il, 69, Has Died N Korean leader Kim Jong Il dies Automaker Saab files for bankruptcy in Sweden Bus Halted When Woman Refuses UltraOrthodox Demand to Sit in the Back of the Bus N. Korea to make 'specialroadcast at noon World's Youngest Professor appointed, at age 19 Syrian government threatens to execute 21 rebels in the next 24 hours Day of shame in the Middle East Female protesters beaten with metal poles VIDEO North Koreans publicly mourn leader Kim Jong Il's death  Sobbing, wailing and prostrating on the pavement after death.  German Intelligence Agency reportedly sabotaged NeoNazi Terror Investigations  More protesters have been killed in clashes with army soldiers in Cairo, bringing the 4day death toll to at least 14  All were killed by gunshots Egypt kills 3 more protestors, bringing the death toll for four days of clashes to 14 Julian Assange could be handed over to US, supporters claim Without Iraq 'Arab Spring May Have Broken Out Earlier'  The US has officially declared the war in Iraq to be over. President Obama said that America was leaving behind a sovereign, stable and selfreliant Iraq. German commentators ask if the conflict was worth the toll. 3 strikesstyle antifilesharing mechanism killed in Ireland, but govt promises site blocking by ISPs

     Philippines mulls mass graves after typhoon kills hundreds
| Reuters Thousands Of Rare Documents Burned In Egypt Clash This is equal to the burning of Galileo's books Kazakhstan's hardline president has switched off part of mobile and internet to try and stop an Arab Spring style uprising. Egyptian Women Defend Their Role in the Revolution, 10,000 March Against the Army's Brutality Car manufacturer SAAB declares bankruptcy after GM rejects Chinese offer Egyptian Military Official Protesters Deserve to Be Thrown into Hitler's Ovens Thousands of Women Mass in Major March in Cairo  NYTimes.com The speculative scrum driving up food prices. Bankers, hedge funds and sovereign wealth funds are gambling on hunger by speculating on food supply.  A Blow Against Child Marriage  
In N India, where 1 in 2 girls wed before age 18, the rate of child marriage is dropping& an innovative program is paying girls to stay unmarried Germany captures 43% of the world's solar power North Korea Seals Chinese Border Tunisias newly elected president calls for countrys Jewish population to return Tunisias Jews are full citizens and those that had left are welcome to return. Egyptian police open fire on protesters Photos ... hundreds of Egyptian soldiers in riot gear swept through Cairo's Tahrir Square early Dec. 19 and opened fire on protesters China seeks rebel village concessions as new protest flares ... Communist Party authorities trying to get residents to call off a march to government offices
| Reuters Retired general says Egyptian protesters deserve to be thrown into Hitlers ovens.  Kim Jong Ils economic legacy, in one chart Philip Morris Challenges Plain Cigarette Packs in Australia  It claims the law banning logos & requiring they be sold in drab, olivebrown packets acquires the firm's valuable brands & intellectual property Against All Odds How 'Crazy' Kim Jong Il Outfoxed the World  Underestimated since he took power in 1994, the North Korean leader was shrewder, smarter, and saner than the popular caricatures give him credit for Prime Minister Stephen Harper says he has warned American officials that his government is serious about selling Canadian oil to Asian markets A Rocky RussiaIndia Defense Union  India replacing China as the worlds largest arms importer should leave plenty of scope for Russian manufacturers. But the two sides dont always see eye to eye.
 Young Russian protesters want change but lack a leader  Whether they can translate their frustration to the political arena remains an open question. Iraq's Nuri alMaliki is acting like Saddam Hussein in trying to silence opposition and he risks provoking a new fightback against dictatorship, one of Maliki's predecessors as prime minister said on Tuesday. Squeamish science students in India might not have to grapple with cutting up rats or frogs for much longer. The regulatory body, University grants commission would phase out almost all animal dissection and replace it with teaching using computer simulations and models.  Turkey main opposition party submits draft to recognize genocide in Algeria and Rwanda by the French Turkey threatens France over stance on killing of Armenians by Ottomans  French parliament to debate proposal to prosecute people who deny mass killings were an act of genocide
  Mexico Shuts Down 'World's Biggest Garbage Dump'  
Greenhouse gas emissions will be reduced by a minimum of 2,000,000 tons of carbon dioxide a year.  It's taken in over 76,000,000 tons of trash.   Assad losing control as 10,000 soldiers desert Syrian military US targeted over failure to condemn Israel frustrated members of the U.N. Security Council pointed a finger at the United States for blocking any condemnation of Israel's accelerated settlement construction in Palestinian territory In Finland 69 Patriot missiles found in a ship destined to South Korea A Chinese village protest that tested the ruling Communist Party for over a week ended on Wednesday after officials offered concessions over seized farmland and the death of a village leader, in a rare spectacle of the government backing down to mobilized citizens. S Korea launches 
propaganda balloons over the border Canada bans face veils at citizenship ceremonies North Korea moves to collective government North Korean heir expected to share power Chinese Atheists Lured to Find Jesus at U.S. Christian Schools South American states ban Falklands vessels from ports Moody's affirms Australia's AAA rating Five Polish soldiers killed by Afghanistan bomb  A roadside bomb has killed five Polish soldiers in a Nato convoy in eastern Afghanistan, Poland's heaviest single loss of life since the mission began. Kim Jongun issued military order before announcement of father's death Wives of missing Russian rig workers criticize company officials  The wife of the Russian oil rig's captain says towing the Kolskaya platform through icy waters was a suicidal mission. Thirtynine workers are missing. No Ordinary Counterfeit  New York Times Qaddafi Son Seif alIslam Is Alive and Held by Rebels Egyptian Women Rally Around The Girl in the #BlueBra Dragged Away by Army Iran Despite rising rhetoric among officials, Iranians don't think war is likely. Canada hunts for rare earth metals as China cuts back  
A steep decline in Chinese exports of rare earth metals used in hitech gadgets has started a global search for metals & hopes are high for major finds in Canada.  The Japanese are desperately searching all over, as well as Europe.  Hungary's constitutional court has overruled sections of a new media law, claiming it interferes with press freedom. It is the latest challenge to what many see as an undemocratic consolidation of government power. Five Iranian technicians kidnapped in Syria's Homs BBC News  The 'Iranian Schindler' who saved Jews from the Nazis Mass breast implant recall in France Syria crisis Almost 200 people have died in two days of clashes North Korea 'pledge' to Kim Jongun, son of Kim Jongil
 Canada honor killings on trial An Afghan immigrant allegedly killed his daughters. They betrayed everything. Bankers Are Using the Eurozone Crisis to Wage Warfare on Working People & Seize Control of Governments  
Wages & living standards are to be scaled back & political power shifted from elected government to technocrats governing on behalf of big banks & financial institutions In Pictures Fire Destroys Temple of Knowledge in Egypt  Brazil's Great Untold Environmental Disaster 
Cerrado, the world's largest savannah, contains 5% of the world's biodiversity, but is being destroyed at an incredible rate to make way for monocultures with devastating longterm effects  Pakistani girl burned by US drone looks for new life Iraq bombs kill at least four in Baghdad Mexico Disbands Entire Police Force In Veracruz
 NATO Forced to Admit Airstrikes Killed Dozens of Libyan Civilians, Contradicting Initial Denials. Vietnamese Investors Sink Savings Into Golf Memberships  
Some are investing in golfclub memberships in a lastgasp bid to protect their savings from being ravaged by soaring inflation & a fading currency An Indonesian girl who was thought to have died when a huge tsunami devastated the island of Sumatra in December 2004, has been found alive and reunited with her parents, local media reported on Thursday [22 December 2011]. Polish secret police 'conspired to prevent Lech Walesa winning Nobel Prize' Poland's communist secret police organised an elaborate ruse to trick the Nobel Peace Prize committee into thinking Lech Walesa was a collaborator in an attempt to stop the Solidarity activist receiving the honour.  Turkey recalls its ambassador to France after French Parliament makes it a crime to deny the WWIera Armenian genocide Protests in a small town in China appear to have escalated with residents smashing cars and hurling bricks even though officials sought to calm tempers by suspending a plan to build a power plant  Medieval Economy is Kim Jong Ils Legacy as Minerals Untapped  North Koreas leader inherits an economy that was outstripped by South Korea in the 1970s, shrank after the collapse of communism in Europe, & now struggles under its stated policy of selfreliance US admits fault for the killing of 24 Pakistan soldiers. Raul Castro expected to end decadesold travel ban for Cuban Citizens Sectarian violence erupts in Baghdad  Violence in Zhanaozen threatens Nazarbayev legacy (Video of police firing on Kazakh protesters) Iraq What Remains  Many Americans continue to see in Iraq a reflection of their own countrys ideals and contradictions. They will remember Iraq as an American trauma. But it was, above all, an Iraqi trauma. Italy finalizes severe austerity budget with a vote of 257 to 41, new budget includes tax hikes, pension delays, spending cuts, changes to employment law and more, aims to balance Italy's budget by 2013 In Tunisia, how to build a democracy A New Zealand cargo plane flew to Antarctica & parachuted sea pumps & hull patches to a leaking Russian ship crippled after striking ice last week. Rescue ships are still days away.  Crew include 15 Russians, 16 Indonesians & 1 Ukrainian.  A S. Korean icebreaker may arrive by Dec 25. Noam Chomsky asks Hugo Chavez to free judge Maria Lourdes Afiuni, who has been jailed since 2009 Twins born in Brazil with two heads, one heart The dragon goes shopping in South America  China is buying commodities and fuelling economic growth, but some worry the communist giant is creating dependency. BBC News  Volkswagen turns off work email after work hours for staff. Wants to reduce the blurring of lines between home and work. Quake of 5.9 magnitude strikes New Zealand's Christchurch
 'Blue bra girl' rallies Egypt's women vs. oppression  British bankers prepare to sue for bonuses Bankers seem to have an expectation that they are entitled to a bonus under almost any circumstances, which has been fed by over 20 years of high bonus rounds. Mysterious metal ball from space falls in Namibia French lawmakers passed a measure on Thursday to make it a crime to deny the mass killing of Armenians in 1915 by Ottoman Turks was a genocide Online speed camera warnings to be banned, people who reveal the location of Swiss speed cameras on the internet face fines of up to 10,000 francs ($10,700), under new laws.


 Kremlin Nervous As Protesters Return To Streets of Russia The End of the Chinese Dream   China's 1% are even more obnoxious than America's Bill that could reak the Internet' delayed until 2012 Another Soyuz rocket launch fails, Russia's recent poor launch record has continued with yet another Soyuz rocket failure. Argentine government takes control of newsprint in an effort to improve the quality of information and the plurality of opinions  Iran announces it will soon hold massive war games in international waters near the Strait of Hormuz Bruised but defiant Mona Eltahawy on her assault by Egyptian security forces

Mona Eltahawy's tweets about her assault in Cairo made global headlines. Here she tells her full, extraordinary story for the first time
 When Kim Jong Il died, the holiest mountain in North Korea glowed red, according to state media stories that serve to bookend the tale of Kim's sacred birth at Mount Paektu. Outrage after Chinese Tiananmen activist jailed for nine years Royal Dutch Shell's Nigerian oil spill, the largest in the African nation since 1998, highlights the different world responses to oil spills. A Spanish company is suing the city of Hamburg for more than 2 million after its cucumbers were wrongly blamed for a deadly E.coli outbreak last spring Mikhail Gorbachev slams Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev over response to protests | The Australian North Korea Warns South to Show Respect for Kim Jongil Russian Oil Rig Sinking Casts Doubt on Arctic Plan  The sinking of a rig that left over 50 crew dead or missing is intensifying fears that Russian companies searching for oil in remote areas are unprepared for emergencies  & could cause a disastrous spill in the pristine waters of the Arctic. BBC News  Excouncillor 
Robert Payne jailed for 
killing kittens Selling used goods as new appears endemic in the electronics retailing industry in Australia, with Harvey Norman & JB HiFi stores regularly engaging in the practice, sparking investigation by NSW Fair Trading  Buyers are finding previous owners' photos, pirated movies & porn on 'new' devices.

 Canada rejects 'comical' alQaeda link to Damascus blasts A Chinese court sentenced a veteran activist to nine years in prison for inciting subversion, in what appears to be the most severe punishment handed down in a crackdown to prevent the spread of Arab Springstyle democratic uprisings. Why America's Death Penalty Just Got Us   The European Union is now blocking importation of lethal injection technology into the United States  Awkward silence as nations boycott KimJongIl tribute in united nations.  Girl's baptism banned by judge after court battle  the father was not religious and believed a decision about baptism should be left until the girl was older so that she could have proper input $25 Computer About to Go Into Production in Britain  The bare bones Raspberry Pi PC will be sold in 2 configurations. Model A for $25 (16) lacks a network connector & Model B for $35 (22) has an Ethernet socket. Kim Jong Il's death could prompt North Korean elite to flee Thousands take to Moscow streets, calling for fair elections 'Russia will be free' Huge rally increases pressure on Vladimir Putin 
 Turkey accuses France of genocide in Algeria Prime Minister Erdogan ramps up diplomatic spat, saying French killed 15% of Algeria's population during postwar occupation Cuba to release 2,900 prisoners as goodwill gesture CIA has suspended drone attacks in Pakistan, U.S. officials say
 A huge explosion at a gasoline and diesel pipeline in Colombia killed 11 people, injured nearly 100, and destroyed dozens of homes Iraq's VicePresident Tariq alHashemi has said Iraq's government was behind Thursday's series of bombings that killed nearly 70 people in Baghdad Is Egypt Flying Apart at the Seams?  Ten months after the revolution, Egyptians are mired in frustration. The supreme council is less and less popular, and everyone  election winners and losers alike  fears the future. Russians still nostalgic for Soviet comforts. To many Russians of the previous generation, their memories of the Soviet Union are like a fairy tale of a golden age... Kim Jong Eun, the new leader of North Korea, will be the youngest person ever to have authority over a nuclear arsenal. North Korea Grave consequences if South Korea doesn't allow citizens to attend Kim JongIl's funeral Best Of 2011 Hitler vs. Stalin Who Was Worse?  


Brilliant essay that asks history's most loaded question, and answers it with meticulous balance sheet. Stalin was first with ethnic killing campaigns; murdered more people than Hitler; but fewer than we used to think Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Friday accused France of committing genocide in Algeria more than 60 years ago. He said French colonialists massacred 15 percent of Algeria's population starting in 1945. Thousands take to Moscow streets, calling for fair elections  Something fishy in Pyongyang Canada's TD Bank played critical' role in $1.2 billion Ponzi scheme Syrian city besieged by military tanks under orders of President Bashar alAssad, killing more than a dozen civilians and destroying buildings China has announced a currency swap with Pakistan in the latest step to gradually expand use of the tightly controlled Chinese currency abroad.
 China's Real Estate Woes as the Bubble Bursts Mass rally in Moscow raises pressure on Putin AntiPutin protest in Russia draws largest crowd since 1991  Mikhail Gorbachev, who resigned as Soviet president 20 years ago Sunday, has urged Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to follow his example and step down.  Dutch Parliament Downloading Movies and Music Will Stay Legal
 What is the Mysterious Nodding Disease Spreading Across Uganda?  It seems like an amusing ailment the major visible symptom is nodding a lot while you eat.  But this new disease is spreading fast in Africa, & claiming lives as it goes. The Closing of Chinese Minds  In 1979, a group of Chinese editors was about to visit the United States. Asked what they would like to see, one solemnly replied 'We want to know how the party secretary of New York controls The New York Times.' US airlines have suffered a defeat in the EU's highest court, which upheld a law on Wednesday that will require airlines to pay for carbon emissions on flights to and from Europe. The new rule goes into effect on Jan. 1, 2012. US officials have warned that the move will have repercussions.  Typical Xmas in Australia  Cyclone North, ex Cyclone East coast, Heavy storms South, FWIW The Cyclone to the north is probably as big as France and Germany, the eye is probably as big as Holland. Greek Hospitals Turning Away Expectant Mothers Who Can't Pay New Fees
 Iranian woman to be executed by stoning or hanging for adultery, judiciary official says Church in Nigerian capital Abuja hit by explosion  Drinks and joy as defectors embrace Kim's death ...  More than 21,000 North Koreans now live in South Korea. For many, the news of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il's death stirred mixed emotions Mikhail Gorbachev calls for Putin to resign Pope Benedict XVI urges faithful to see through superficial glitter of Christmas
 Why the Scots want independence from the English the more life in Scotland feels like life in England, the stronger the desire to assert a distinct identity. Gruesome discovery of a halfsunken boat & at least 38 dead Haitians were found by the Cuban Coast Guard.  87,  including 4 children, were rescued. They were trying to flee their country.

 North Korea invites South Korean delegations to Kim Jong Il's funeral Could Revolution Come to Putin's Russia?  Saturday's mass demonstrations in Moscow may draw comparisons to the Arab Spring or Occupy Wall Street, but Russia  and Putin's democracy  is unique No Christmas Rescue for Stricken Russian Ship  Rescue ships had to turn back due to ice.  Another to try reaching it by the 26th.  The Sparta, with 32 aboard, has been leaking & trapped in ice since Dec. 16. Occupy London protesters & church in harmony at Christmas  
Shared values of community & supporting one another resonated particularly strongly, & there was a spike in numbers of people visiting to pledge support over the festive period. AlQaida leadership almost wiped out in Pakistan, key players in alQaida escaping to north Africa After two months in custody for inciting violence, Egyptian activist and blogger Alaa Abd El Fattah is released from jail Antiwhaling activists use drones to monitor Japanese fleet Aussie traveler contracts HIV from getting tattoo in Bali Deadly blast rips through Christmas service in Nigeria Yemeni president Saleh to go to US Yemeni president says he'll leave country, head to U.S. Famous Australian tv chef loses his wife and 3 kids in a house fire. Suffers burns to 40% of his body tryin to save them. All on Christmas night.  7 year old Israeli girl is afraid to walk the 300 meters between home and school because of the violence she has faced from ultraOrthodox men who say her clothes are too revealing.  Brazil Overtakes UK as 6thLargest Economy  Belgium Is In Deep Financial Trouble Due To Bank Bailouts, But Now, Finally, A Bank CEO Is Getting Sued Because the U.S. is regarded in China as a Christian nation, many parents see Christian schools as part of mainstream American culture Largest protest since collapse of Soviet Union rocks Russia.  100,000 demonstrators More than 40 patients have died in the last five days amid an ongoing strike by doctors at public hospitals in India's Rajasthan state. Five bombs exploded in Nigeria at churches on Christmas, killing dozens and maiming hundreds of churchgoers Yuan at alltime high to the US dollar. South Korea's former First Lady Lee Heeho travels to Pyongyang to offer condolences over the death of  Kim Jongil. China jails dissident Chen Xi for 10 years  
 Veteran dissident is the 2nd within 4 days to be convicted of inciting subversion through online essays China city tightens control of microblogs, Shanghai will require microblog users to register under their real names from Monday, the latest local government in China to implement the rule after a spate of violent protests. A Murder Foretold  
Story of a murky political intrigue in Guatemala and how one attorney, investigating controversial murder case, accurately predicted his own assassination. Long, powerful article with a plot straight out of a John Grisham novel The Soviet Union's Afterlife  Twenty years later, questions endure about how and why the nation abruptly dissolved. Sea Shepherd Now Using Drones To Hunt Japanese Whalers Indonesian police fire on gold mine protesters Arab League official wounded in Syria shelling, Mustashar Mahgoub was injured in an attack in Homs; locals report tanks firing machineguns and mortars into residential areas. North Korean powerbehindthrone emerges as neighbors meet New Delhi's homeless wait out biting cold  India's homeless are waiting out the biting cold winter, which has already killed over 100 people, mostly in Uttar Pradesh. China, Japan strengthen financial, currency ties ... To support the growing economic and financial relations between China and Japan France won't arrest former war crimes court official 'Anonymous' hackers hit US security firm Stratfor Fukushima investigation reveals failings, Japan's response was confused and riddled with problems, including an erroneous assumption an emergency cooling system was working and a delay in disclosing dangerous radiation leaks. Brazilian economy 'overtakes UK' London police are investigating after man was stabbed to death on Oxford Street, one of the world's busiest shopping streets, at about 1345 GMT today. The Russian media has lost its fear of Putin. History tells us the end must be nigh. How Anger Took Elites by Surprise ... everywhere, the conventional wisdom was turned upside down by people who turned out to be angrier than their elites had suspected Egypt bans military's forced virginity tests Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning for adultery now faces being hanged after international outcry Ciudad Juarez has 10,000 homicides in the past 4 years. More than Afghanistan's civilian casualties in the same period. Chinese meat glows in the dark, meat purchased in Sichuan province radiates blue light
 Man caught with 247 animals in suitcase Iraqis who worked as interpreters for the US army are facing death threats as the process for special visas slows.
 How China's Gender Gap Is Creating Too Many Single MenAnd Hurting Women  With 120 males born for every 100 females, Chinas deliberate gender imbalance will mean lifelong bachelorhood for millions of men, but the impact on women is just as severe. Pirates hijack Italian tanker with 18 on board off Oman Israeli ultraorthodox Jews clash with police Cuba begins banking reforms  If you could tweet on behalf of your country  what would you say? In Sweden, one citizen per week is getting the chance to tweet from the nation's official @Sweden Twitter account. 6.9 magnitude quake hits southeastern Russia China gets approval for Afghanistan oil exploration bid The essay that has Chinese talking 'On Wanting Freedom'
 China harvesting organs of minorities and political prisoners in Xinjiang Iran 'to block Hormuz strait' if sanctions applied Egyptian court rules against virginity tests Iran threatens to block oil exports through Hormuz strait in sanctions row. Country reacts to threat of sanctions on its crude oil after UN watchdog's report into state's nuclear ambitions
 BBC News  Ethiopia jails Swedish journalists on terror charges Iran seeks death penalty for American 'CIA spy' Coup attempt 'fails' in GuineaBissau Radio Zeta How Mexicos Drug Cartels Stay Networked The Depressing Reality of Egyptian Politics Its Islamists vs. the Military  Is a battle between the military and the Muslim Brotherhood what Egyptian citizens had in mind for a new democracy? A look at the unraveling of a revolution BBC News  Why Irish soldiers who fought Hitler hide their medals The U.S. Fifth Fleet said it will not allow any disruption of traffic in the Strait of Hormuz, after Iran threatened to stop ships moving through the strategic oil route. Uruguay Senate backs bill to allow abortions Thirty war graves of Muslim soldiers who fought in World War I have been attacked and defaced in French city Carcassonne. Anonymous activist Barrett Brown We're in a state of conflict with the Government. Either we are going to jail or we're going to win. Afghan police have rescued a teenage girl who was beaten and locked up in a toilet for over five months after she defied her inlaws who tried to force her into prostitution. Israel to rally against Jewish extremism Japan leads the way in sexless love The World's Worst Human Rights Observer  As Arab League monitors work to expose President Bashar alAssad's crackdown, the head of the mission is a Sudanese general accused of creating the fearsome janjaweed, which was responsible for the worst atrocities during the Darfur genocide China bullet train crash 'caused by design flaws'  A bullet train crash which killed 40 people in China in July was caused by design flaws and sloppy management, the Chinese government says. India's Techies Angered Over Internet Censorship Plan
 Afghan child bride kept locked in toilet for 5 months for defying inlaws who tried to force her into prostitution  Venezuela is offering free surgeries for women to remove faulty Frenchmade breast implants, the country's top health official said. Cyprus announces major natural gas find Sea Shepherd Ship Severely Damaged by Rogue Wave What Really Frightens the OilRich Arab Monarchies Egypt Muslim Brotherhood vows to protect churches  A powerful political group led by the antiUS cleric Muqtada alSadr has called for Iraq's parliament to be dissolved and early elections to be held. Seven hurt as bomb hits Arabic school in Nigeria  Assailants threw a crude homemade bomb into an Arabic school in southern Nigeria's Delta state overnight, police said, wounding seven people and escalating tensions between Muslims and Christians after a spate of church bombings across the nation. Iran Threatens to Block Oil Shipments, as U.S. Prepares Sanctions Venezuela's Chavez asks Could U.S. have technology to cause cancer? For Somali Women, Pain of Being a Spoil of War Russian court is to decide whether a religious text central to the global Hare Krishna movement is extremist and should be banned, in a case that has angered Hindus around the world BBC News  US warns Iran over threat to block oil route Turkey has given permission for the South Stream gas pipeline to be built across its territories, giving the project a clear run into the lucrative energy markets of Europe. PERU has banned GM crops production for 10 years Protester anned' from flight home for Christmas after he was found carrying anarchist literature. Japan Way Ahead in Global Plastic Recycling Race  

At 77%, country's plastic recycling rate is about twice that of the UK, & well above the 20% figure for the US Saudi women no longer need male OK to vote or seek office Nuclear submarine on fire in northern Russia. France approves soda taxFrance's top constitutional body on Wednesday approved a new tax on sugary drinks that aims to fight obesity while giving a boost to state coffers.

 Kim Jong Un declared N. Korea's 'supreme leader' China Lays Out 5Year Space Plans There Will Be No Friday This Week In Samoa Iran Plans to Test Advanced Missiles, Intelligent Torpedoes Egypt police raid U.S.based prodemocracy groups Israel denies immigrant status to Jews suffering from psychiatric problems  Either Your Phone Plays Taliban Ringtones, or You Die   Vendors in Kabul are doing a brisk trade in Taliban ringtones. Because Afghans report that the Taliban kill travelers at clandestine checkpoints if they dont hear one of their messages on someones phone. The Plane That Would Bomb Iran Any adversary knows that the B2 can enter relatively unseen with the power and accuracy to destroy. Merely by having the B2, we can better influence the decisionmaking process in rogue nations..[it's] a diplomatic instrument as much as it is a military instrument A judge in Chile has closed the case on the death of President Salvador Allende after an authoritative autopsy confirmed it was suicide All Eyes on German Renewable Energy Efforts  This tiny village of 37 gray homes & farm buildings clustered along the main road in a windswept corner of rural eastern Germany seems an unlikely place for a revolution Appears Japanese Tsunami Debris Already Hitting B.C. Shores   Beachcombers are noticing a significant uptick in debris of Japanese origin  a sign that items swept out to sea by the tsunami has found their way here earlier than expected McDonalds Closes All Their Restaurants in Bolivia  UK Doctors Sued for Creating 'Valium Addicts'  
Patients take legal action after being damaged by overprescription of drugs.  A report estimated in 2009 there were 1.5 million involuntary tranquilliser addicts in the UK. Turkey confirms 35 people killed in airstrikes were mistaken for Kurdish rebels Western companies provide spy software to authoritarian regimes, the software has been used to track political opponents. Debris from the Japan tsunami arrives in Canada In Russia, a new badge of honor for Putin critics a jail term  The frequent arrests of one veteran antiKremlin activist, Sergei Udaltsov, have gained him a broader base of support among Russia's opposition than he could previously claim.  Syrian forces open fire on protestors in Damascus Syrians Fire On Protesters Despite Presence Of Monitors Mexican Drug War  Five Years Later (images) US sells over 80 F15s to Saudi Arabia, worth $30 billion 2 Doctors Without Borders workers shot in Somalia
 99yearold divorces wife after he discovered 1940s affair Hacker Community trying to Circumvent Internet Censorship with Amateur Satellites Syrian security forces fire nail bombs at tens of thousands of protesters in Douma How India is Winning the Future With Solar Energy   China is showing a new interest in Indias growing demand India fails to pass anticorruption law, attention now turns to electoral politics, and who takes the blame
 Kurds protest over deadly Turkey air raid  At least 35 killed in air raid in southeastern part of country, prompting violent protest in Istanbul. Hugo Chavez blames the U.S. for the fact that he developed cancer, and speculates that the U.S. has weaponized cancer and is giving it to Latin American leaders. After all the street protests, India fails to pass anticorruption law US warships cross Hormuz despite Iranian threats New Contraceptive Rule in China Sparks Outrage  This amounts to asking people to register before they make love.  Women buying emergency contraceptives must give their real names & ID card numbers. The Lies that Europe's Politicians Tell Themselves 
The euro zone has been built on lies, the idea that the common currency could work without political union. But Europe's politicians are currently suffering from an equally fatal delusion  that they have time to fix the crisis. The Spanish government will increase the length of the work week for the civil service to 37.5 hours from the current 35 hours in austerity measure. Snipers rule the streets in the besieged Syrian city of Homs North Korea warned on Friday South Korea and other foolish politicians around the world should not expect it to change its policies Turkey forced to admit victims of bombing were not Kurdish separatist fighters UK Thatcher Considered Jailing Reporters A woman in French city Brittany was slapped with a 35 ($45) fine after police spotted her driving her car wearing a fullface veil. The Associated Press Hundreds of thousands of Syrians protest govt Nuclear submarine on fire in northern Russia Despite the Arab League's presence, Syrian troops fired into crowds of thousands of unarmed protesters, killing dozens Beate Zschpe is allegedly the only surviving member of the German neoNazi terror cell, which is suspected of murdering at least 10 people, but she refuses to talk. In an exclusive interview, SPIEGEL ONLINE spoke with her public defender about the case and what he thinks of his client.  North Korea Restores Order to Kim Funeral With Photoshop UltraOrthodox Jewish groups in Israel would like to see gender separation in public, and some have stooped to harassing women to get their way. With thousands of Israelis protesting against the growing influence of the superreligious, the rift in Israeli society is getting deeper. Ukraine Sends Yulia Tymoshenko to Remote Prison Camp Britain Plagued by Epidemic of Metal Theft   Manhole covers, lead from church roofs, electric cables, even memorial statues & plaques with the names of war dead are vanishing in the face of rising demand from Asia & a recycling industry that pays in cash and asks no questions France approves soda tax Another Shady Land Deal in Africa, This One Assisted by the U.S. Ambassador to Tanzania  It'll displace over 160,000 people & commercially develop the sitewhich includes lands serving as refugee resettlement areas since 1972for largescale crop cultivation, beef, & poultry, & biofuel production Kim JongUn Just Issued His First Threat Of War Against South Korea Is Egypt's military worse than Mubarak?  After a violent raid on rights groups, some say Egypt's military has gone too far.
 North Korea officially names Kim Jong Un Supreme Commander of its 1.2 millionstrong military UAE to buy U.S. missiledefense system for $3.48B 500,000 march in Syria as Arab League spots proAssad snipers  How the 'Year of the Protester' played out in Europe  
The protests in the Middle East & US may have garnered more attention, but 2011 was just as much a year of awakening in southern Europe, where young people are worried about their future.  Hounded by the economic crisis that shows no signs of letting up and by political leaders of all stripes, Portugal's conservative Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho sent out an unprecedented message to his fellow citizens Emigrate. Moscow rally halted amid arrests  Russian police have arrested protesters trying to attend a Moscow rally. Iran said it had delayed promised longrange missile tests in the Gulf on Saturday and signaled it was ready for fresh talks with the West on its disputed nuclear program Iran testfires missiles in international waters Riot police, protesters are clashing in Bahrain in one of the most widespread days of protest in months Brazil gears up for new freedom of information law The spectre of 1932 How a loss of faith in politicians and democracy could make 2012 the most frightening year in living memory
 Twenty elections that could change the world in 2012 Russia hands over Nerpa nuclear sub to India Most of the deaths caused by Cyclone Thane in S India were due to collapsing walls, electrocution, drowning, & severe cold. Up to 1.2 million people live in the affected area, with almost 80,000 in lowlying coastal land. Syria Arab League observers witness government snipers in Deraa China's Shaky Economic Foundation  Beijings success in quelling daily unrest fails to address the fundamental problem a development path built on an eroding foundation of unjust land grabs, environmental destruction and  social polarization  US to sell $3.5b in missile technology to the United Arab Emirates Nigeria declares State of Emergency in the Northern region due to recent spasm of violence from Islamist insurgency.  All borders are closed.   7.0 Magnitude Earthquake hits Eastern Japan Vancouver unveils free crack pipe program Chinese man dies of bird flu French Government Deny BitTorrent Piracy Allegations Over 250 IP addresses belonging to the French Ministry of Culture have been linked to illegal downloads  Arab League monitor confirms that Syrian regime using snipers against civilians Iran Says it's Produced its 1st Nuclear Fuel Rod UltraOrthodox Jewish demonstrators caused outrage on Sunday by dressing children as Holocaust victims to protest against what they see as persecution of devout Jews seeking gender separation in Israel George Whitman A bibliophile in Paris  Obituary of Paris bookshop owner, George Whitman. Shop was more commune than commercial enterprise. Hardpressed travellers slept among the shelves. Customers minded the till. Carpets stuck down with pancake batter | The Economist Member of the doomsday cult behind a deadly Tokyo subway gassing turns himself in after 17 years on the run India has ordered 22 social networking sites  including Facebook, Google, Yahoo, and Microsoft  to remove all antireligious or antisocial content in the next 45 days An international arbitration body has awarded Exxon Mobil Corp. nearly $908million in a dispute with Venezuela over compensation for the nationalization of its assets  Bahrain teenager dies as police crush protest. Iran fires radarbeating missile during Gulf drill Squadron of 12 Spitfire aircraft being built in Oxford Russia arrests New Years protesters 7.0 earthquake hits eastern Japan Iran unveils and successfully tests first domestically made nuclear fuel rods Was Al Qaeda really to blame for the Damascus suicide bombings?  Syria blamed Al Qaeda for twin suicide bombings in Damascus  an unlikely story.
 North Korea Calls for 'Human Shields' to Protect New Leader India announced on Sunday that it will open up its stock market to individual foreign investors for the first time, in a major economic reform designed to boost overseas investment. Egypt army fasttracks elections in response to recent protests Gaddafi supporters 'try to blow up Tripoli power grid'
 Images of ultraOrthodox Jews dressing up as Nazi concentration camp inmates during a protest drew widespread condemnation Sunday and added a new twist to a simmering battle over growing extremism inside Israel's insular ultraOrthodox community. Arab League calls for the immediate withdrawal of the monitoring mission in Syria, saying it was allowing Damascus to cover up continued violence Clashes as tensions rise in southeast Turkey  Angry crowds attack local government official a day after 35 Kurdish civilians killed in botched raid are laid to rest. A sevenyearold Indian girl was murdered in a tribal sacrifice and her liver offered to the gods to improve crop growth 1500 have died of floods in the Phillipines in more than a week Website Blocking Law Implemented By New Spanish Govt Previously legal sites may be blocked by ISPs or shut down completely, all within 10 days of a rightsholder complaint 'Ambulance' Drivers Saving Dying Koalas Fed Up With Being Abused by & Having Trucks Trashed   There's no respect any more. A rescuer was threatened while trying to save a koala hit by a car.  He kept saying 'just leave the f***er to die', says rescue service founder.











 How the Brazilian government and environmentalists have drastically reduced the destruction of the Amazon  One of China's best known dissidents, missing for 20 months, is now said to be in a Xinjiang prison  Gao Zhisheng, an attorney who's defended activists & religious minorities, is an outspoken critic of the Chinese government It Keeps Getting Worse  Untested Fuel Additive Used in the Breast Implants That's Triggered a Worldwide Scare  300,000 400,000 women in 65 countries from Europe to Latin America have implants made by a French firm with the substandard gel. The Coming Collapse of China The Syrians have lost their fear. Is it time for a nofly zone? Indias drug trials fuel consent controversy, local subsidiaries of Novartis, Pfizer, Merck, Glaxo SmithKline and Boehringer Ingelheim had been running clinical trials on patients without any consent. China's tomb raiders laying waste to thousands of years of history  Bulldozers and dynamite used to strip priceless artefacts from remote sites, with booty sold on to wealthy collectors
 The SunniShia War  The old history wont go away. The danger is that Arab rulers start thinking that citizens cannot be loyal to the state unless they have exactly the same religious beliefs as their rulers.
 Like father, like son North Korea's Kim Jong Un looking at things Afghan President Hamid Karzai called for an investigation into the torture of a 15yearold girl, who police say they rescued after she was locked in the basement of her inlaws' house, starved and her nails pulled out. Bahrain teenage protester's funeral sparks new unrest North Korea urges troops to be 'human bombs,' as Kim Jongun visits tanks
 End of the prodemocracy pretense for Arab spring support Two men were killed and 561 other people were wounded as Italians celebrated the New Year with massive displays of illegal and homemade fireworks 
Iran's dangerous trade game  
The antisanctions strategy relied on trade with Gulf states, but the UAE didn't play ball. Now Iran is meting out punishment The Race for Antarctica Weekly Attacks NeoNazis Target Left Party Officials Police have found evidence that private investigators working for newspapers hacked into the email account of former Prime Minister Gordon Brown while he was finance minister 20 tonnes of dead fish wash up on Norwegian beach Mexico deports nearly 50,000 Central Americans Iran currency plunges in value after sanctions