 In praise of chaos
Governments attempts to control the internet 
should be resisted Wall Street occupation spreads to Canada Hole 5 times the size of Germany found in ozone above Arctic,  allowing more ultraviolet radiation to hit Canada, Europe & Russia this spring British Reporter Says Hell Name Names in Phone Hacking Scandal. The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine has been awarded to Bruce A Beutler, Jules A Hoffmann and Ralph M Steinman, for 'revolutionising our understanding of the immune system' Official Chinese Newspaper Calls for War Against Vietnam and the Philippines to Secure Natural Resources in the South China Sea The Russian secret service authorised the 'elimination' of individuals living overseas who were judged to be enemies of the state and ordered the creation of special units to conduct such operations, according to a document passed to The Daily Telegraph. Shell accused of fuelling violence in Nigeria by paying rival militant gangs In most places around the globe, violence has stopped making sense  Activists throughout Canada set to show solidarity with Wall Street protesters Organizers in Toronto and several other Canadian cities say they plan to follow the New York example Mosque Set on Fire in Northern Israel Dutch city bans foreign tourists from cannabis coffee shops Thousands of Spanish newborns were taken at birth and sold to childless couples from 1960 to 1989 Lengthy jail terms for Bahrain protesters  Thirtysix people given prison sentences of between 15 and 25 years for taking part in antigovernment rallies. Muslim Mob Torches Coptic Church in Egypt Avoiding Taxation Greeks Turn To Barter Networks    While eurozone toys with selfdestruction and Greece's economy spirals out of control, more and more Greeks are turning to an ancient form of commerce. Barter. Were in an uncharted area. Maybe it's the beginning of the future Iran totally rejects Palestine U.N. statehood bid Hamas PM Only armed resistance will liberate Palestine  
Haniyeh tells Tehran conference twostate solution, as proposed by the United States, European Union will fail, and that negotiations with Israel are a mirage. Israel risks Middle East isolation, warns US official Merkel and the Euro Is Germany's Finance Minister Going Rogue?  Criticism of Finance Minister Wolfgang Schuble is growing within the government parties. Some believe that Schuble wants to exploit the crisis to push through his vision of a United States of Europe Today a Tibetan Monk set himself on fire over Chinese occupation. Denmark Passes World's 1st Fat Tax, Making Food Sin Taxes a Reality in Europe Japan's big manufacturers expect conditions to improve in the next three months, according to the Bank of Japan's Tankan survey. Putin and Medvedev Greece to miss deficit targets despite austerity Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Saul Permutter, Brian P Schmidt and Adam G Riess for for the discovery of the accelerating expansion of the Universe through observations of distant supernovae Amanda Knox acquitted of Murder Charge!!! UK prime minister uses the USA as an example of a country full of fat people Germans want absolute ban on drinkdriving   Hugely embarrassing Daily Mail jumps gun on Amanda Knox guilty

 Spanish fleet accused of illegal catches are receiving multimillioneuro payouts from European Union taxpayers  Commission urged to end corrupted fisheries policy Libyan hospital treats an ill BBC journalist  refuses payment and asks for BBC branded souvenirs instead. Huge suicide blast kills many in Mogadishu Study Drunken Swedes choose knives to kill  The average murderer in Sweden and neighbouring Finland are drunk men armed with knives who kill on the spur of the moment, according to a new study. Japan to Go Ahead With Whale Hunt  Commercial whaling has been banned since 1986, but Japan claims to be conducting 'research', counting the whale population. 
Whalers will have heightened security after last year's clashes with activists, says Japanese fisheries minister. China and Russia veto UN resolution on Syria The move, drafted by France along with Britain, Germany and Portugal, received nine votes in favor and four abstentions. Hostile Crowd Forces Libyan Jew Out Of Synagogue The Puppet President Medvedev's Betrayal of Russian Democracy Japan reveals huge size of Fukushima cleanup area Swiss warn massive ice chunk may break off glacier and fall into Lauterbrunnen valley Japan confirms whaling fleet to sail  A history of religious violence in Pakistan Japan to Hold Whale Hunts Despite Activist Threats North Korea's Mass Games The Pursuit of Perfection [Pics] Police beating peaceful protesters on a lovely Amsterdam day Belgium officials ordered to clock out for smoke, with each minute sliced off their wages. Al Shabaab bomb kills 65 in Somalia Water, water everywhere  but this island nation now has barely a drop to drink & has declared a state of emergency Saudi Arabia blames riots on 'outside forces' Fourteen hurt in Gulf city, officials say, as Saudis vow to come down on division instigators with an iron fist. Denmarks Fatty Foods Tax is in Effect A 33yearold man  died when he tried to protect a woman who was being mugged on a Paris metro train  Russia introduces chemical castration for pedophiles New Zealand condemns Japan's whaling in Antarctic waters, telling Japan it's being entirely disrespectful in their neighborhood  Assad Syria will shower Tel Aviv with rockets if attacked by foreign powers Fact Checking if Ahmadinejad really said Israel should be wiped off the map. Turns out he didn't exactly say that Archbishop Desmond Tutu has said the South African government is worse than its apartheid predecessor
 The worlds first solar power station that can work at night has been officially opened in southern Spain. Canada's new flawed copyright law Bill C11 is expected to fly through House of Commons. China & India predicted as climate leaders  An extraordinary war against science in the US & elsewhere will see nations trailing in China's wake. 
 2011 Nobel Prize in Chemistry awarded to Daniel Shechtman for the discovery of quasicrystals Greece hit by new 24hour general strike
 Putin proposes forming a Eurasian Union of former Soviet nations, saying the bloc could become a major global player competing for influence with the US, EU and Asia. BBC News  Italy wiretap law Wikipedia hides pages in protest World's hottest chilli contest leaves two in hospital  Telegraph Global Warming Irony Turkey to sanction Syria despite UN veto Bahrain medics to face civilian court retrial; attorney general effectively nullifies verdict of special security court Guantnamo film shows plight of Canadian national detained at 15 Vigilantes arming themselves with swords, knives, & clubs; houses ablaze; activists & football hooligans chanting racist slogans __ Protests in Bulgaria started after teen was run down allegedly by order of Roma underworld boss. It's the worst ethnic tension there since 1990. Syrian staterun TV has aired an interview with a young woman who was reported to have been beheaded and mutilated by security agents while in custody. Oktoberfest 2011  The Big Picture China angry over Burma's decision to suspend work on 2.3bn dam Beijing threatens legal action as Burma halts dam because it is 'against the will of the people'
 The Cult The Twisted, Terrifying Last Days Of Assads Syria  None of you donkeys matters at all! The important thing is that no one be permitted to upload any videos onto YouTube! No pictures, either!  Police to investigate whether Australian lawmaker paid for prostitues with official credit card Loss of Egyptian Natural Gas Supplies Costs Israel $
2.68 Million Per Day Italian Wikipedia shuts down. (ddl is the first stage of a law) 14 year old faces 12 years in brutal prison 'for possession of marijuana' Shell oil company paid militants who destroyed Nigerian towns I knew it Putin didn't go SCUBA diving and find those ancient Greek artifacts all by himself. The whole thing was staged. Swedish poet Transtroemer wins Nobel Literature Prize Settlers' mosqueburning campaign expands into Israel | Reuters The death toll in Syria has risen to more than 2,900 people killed since the prodemocracy protests began in March, the United Nations human rights office has said.   Worsening Women Shortage Due to Ultrasounds  Parents  knowing the sex of their foetus has left Asia short of 117 million women, mostly in China & India, according to a UN report out today Dozens of settlers surround IDF patrol in West Bank and assault soldiers Ugandan villagers evicted to make way for British forestry firm   22,000 people have been evicted so far from their homes & land (with video) Floods drown Asia's rice bowl   Massive floods have ravaged vast swathes, threatening to further drive up food prices & adding to the burden of farmers, the region's poorest.  Over 100 Cambodians, nearly 1/2 of them children, have died in the worst flooding in a decade. Afghans rally in Kabul, demand NATO troops leave   European Union Moves Toward Banning Tar Sands  We're sending a clear signal to fossil fuels suppliers'  This also casts doubt on the future of other controversial energy sources such as shale gas, with its fracking U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says the U.N. Security Council has failed in its responsibility to the Syrian people by not passing a resolution condemning the regime's brutal crackdown on civilian protesters. World's highest webcam; Mount Everest UNESCO clears way for Palestine seat vote  Erdogan brands Israel a regional threat On the emptiness of Saudi voting reforms for women. Ship Stuck On New Zealand Reef Leaking Oil  The slick extends 3 mi (5 km) from the ship Toyota back to prequake production A Pakistani commission investigating the US raid that killed Osama Bin Laden says a doctor accused of helping the CIA should be tried for high treason. Gadaffi's private zoo liberated. Volunteers race to rescue exotic animals left to die Police violence against journalists in yesterday's protest in Greece Nato's bombing campaign in Libya, now in its seventh month, will continue despite the collapse of Muammar Gaddafi's regime, alliance officials said today. Unesco clears way for Palestinian membership vote with the US voting against! Brutal eviction of Palestinian family in Jaffa caught on tape Showing how futile Internet censorship can be, The Pirate Bay registered new domain name to allow Belgian users to access the site and bypass a recent court order that requires ISPs Belgacom and Telenet to initiate DNS blockades of 11 domains connected to The Pirate Bay New Danish Minister of the Economy & Interior favors bicycles over freeways  I rather invest in cycle tracks than freeways.   In Copenhagen, 80% of commuters already bicycle to work every day, even in winter.  Footage offers glimpse of North Korean hunger crisis  Occasionally the veil is pulled back from the secretive state of North Korea and the world gets a glimpse of what life is like there. Billionaire hedge fund manager George Soros has lost a case at the European Court of Human Rights to have his criminal conviction for insider dealing quashed.
 Saudi Arabia to quash unrest with an iron fist Authorities in Saudi Arabia vow to use force to quell recent unrest. Syrian troops 'kill Syrian farmer in Lebanon' Syrian forces have crossed into Lebanese territory and shot dead a Syrian man living in a border area, reports say. Doctor accused of helping CIA find Bin Laden should be charged with high treason  Pakistani state commission  The Canadian government is pitching a controversial oilsands pipeline through the United States as the ethical choice for energy consumption A year after Liu Xiaobo won the Nobel Peace Prize, he Remains Imprisoned Chilean students protest after 'failed talks' Thousands march through the streets of Santiago after their demands for education reform go unmet. Chavez Houses on Caribbean islands will be seized 10 years of war Afghans speak out France Urges Turkey to Recognize Armenian Genocide Australian boy, 14, held in Bali for buying marijuana Europeans fear climate change more than financial turmoil. Climate change was the second most serious issue facing the world, after poverty
 32 bodies found at several locations in Veracruz, Mexico; official says New Generation drug gang responsible Bank of England chief Mervyn King issues stark warning of looming crisis |
			The Australian Who put the contract out on Politovskaya?   There's been progress into the investigation into the murder of Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya. Yet who ordered the killing remains unknown. Five years later, there's nothing more than speculation.  Australia and New Zealand are to airlift equipment to the Pacific nation of Tuvalu to help it deal with a severe water shortage caused by drought.  Israeli Arab village left without water as water company demands payment It's only a matter of time until Netanyahu falls Mexico's Zeta Killers kill 32, revive debate about the 'goodguy cartel'  The 'Zeta Killers' have been linked to the deaths of 67 people. While they claim to be fighting the Zetas drug cartel, experts say they are likely just a criminal group adopting the guise of a 'goodguy cartel.' Australia's Slot Canyons  
The Swiss have mountains, so they climb. Canadians have lakes, so they canoe. The Australians have canyons, so they go canyoneering, a hybrid form of madness halfway between mountaineering and caving. 
      Moody's cuts credit ratings on UK banks RBS and Lloyds


 Women in 27 Bangladeshi villages, where drinking water is generally scooped from a river or canal, were taught to cover the urns they used for fetching water with an old sari folded in 4. Over the next 18 months the rate of cholera in these villages dropped by about 50% (xpost from /r/water) Ten Years in Afghanistan  German General Says NATO Mission Has 'Failed' New Zealand facing one of its largest ecological disasters as authorities forecast a significant oil spill from a big container ship grounded off Tauranga Harbour   Bad weather is now threatening an already complicated salvage operation of the ship, which hit Astrolabe Reef Wednesday morning Physicist languishes in French prison for two years without trial French intelligence services say he is a dangerous terrorist... family members and colleagues argue that he is a brilliant young physicist singled out because of his academic background British PM supports gay marriage in the UK Netherlands to classify highpotency cannabis as hard drug Kidnapped my boy? You're forgiven 2 Tibetans Set Selves on Fire in Latest Protest  Yemen president 'to step down'
 UK Pensions have lost a third of value in three years 
   U.S. soldiers accused of raping teenage girls in South Korea Russia calls on Syria's Assad to reform or stand down Massive corruption scandal continues to broil the Islamic Republic Pakistan doctor faces treason charges over U.S. vaccine ruse Yemen president says ready to quit after Nobel Peace Prize given to Yemeni leading woman activist Tawakkul Karman Muslim, Christian graves in Jaffa defaced with racist slogans in suspected 'Price Tag' attack Syrian forces fire on Kurdish funeral, two dead Germany intends to step up its assistance in Libya by offering visas for medical treatment to those wounded in the civil war. The visas are to be issued with minimal bureaucracy, according to German officials.  Christian fears rise as Islamists grow more assertive in postMubarak Egypt  The Washington Post The other side of Nobelprize winning Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. How she's seen in Liberia. (The Independent) In case of necessity Turkey is prepared to break out war with Syria, said Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkey's foreign minister ... Arms Dealers And Loan Peddlers Took Down Greece Mad Hatter's tea party that is the eurozone crisis  
Alice in Wonderland has nothing on the absurd world of Europe's financial policymakers Google breaks South African embargo on Dalai Lama Moody's cuts rating on 12 UK banks the full report (German hacker club) CCC reverse engineers German government trojan found in the wild, builds GUI for it Occupy Wall Streetstyle protests spreading to Britain  People are not stakeholders in democracy, in the workings of the nation anymore. Palestinian officials urge Blair to quit as he is accused of using his position to further business interests while lobbying against Palestine In Finland, 79 children between the ages of four and 19 developed narcolepsy after receiving the Pandemrix, swine flu vaccine in 2009 and 2010; Finnish govt and insurance companies will pay for their lifetime medical care Hugo Chavez condemns horrible repression of Wall Street protests A manager at a South Pole research station is campaigning for her own evacuation, accusing ig business and big government' of stranding her in Antarctica after she suffered a stroke. 'Bridenapping'  a growing hidden crime In at least 17 countries around the world, young girls are being abducted, raped and forced into marriage The race is on to contain an oil spill in New Zealand, which is threatening to become the country's worst maritime disaster TIL the UN has a World Intellectual Property Organization, and naturally they feel the Web would have been better if it was patented and its users had to pay license fees At least 19  killed as death toll climbs in clashes between Copts and Egypts security forces Riots erupt as Christians protest in Cairo, 1 dead Saudi beheading of eight Bangladesh workers condemned  The public execution of eight Bangladeshi migrant workers in Saudi Arabia has been condemned by a leading human rights group in Bangladesh, Ain O Salish Kendra.  Bilderberg 2011 The opposition steps up Crime Lords Of Tokyo  
Great pictures of Yakuza members, associates, andespeciallytheir tattoos. With some nice snippets of text, including a gang boss's apologia for his work There are affairs in this society that no one can handle. No one but us UK Protesters against NHS reforms occupy Westminster Bridge Unicef criticises Britain for jailing children over riots Egypts ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF) says it will not allow the countrys next president the constitutional authority to appoint the armed forces chief. Climate Change And The End of Australia  
Rivers are drying up. Reefs are dying. Fires, floods, droughts and locust plagues are ravaging the continent. Australia is one of the world's most intensive users of fossil fuels. Now the climate gods are taking their revenge Arab graves vandalized in Israeli city. Some were smashed, others were spray painted with death to all Arabs. Camila Vallejo, 23, Chile revolution leader Man with girl in car escapes Saudi religious police in 140km chase Greece is near bankruptcy and must give up part of its sovereignty to obtain the large debt forgiveness it needs to survive, a leading conservative member of German parliament was quoted as saying on Saturday [8 October 2011]. Coming Soon The Drone Arms Race 2 Tibetan former monks set themselves on fire in latest protest against China China has signed off a set of rules for its small but booming wealth management sector to temper rapid growth and prevent banks from exploiting loopholes to beat regulation. BBC News  Police called after man takes picture of his own daughter in shopping centre At least 19 dead in Cairo after a peaceful Christian protest is attacked. Protest escalates into riots against military rule. Forcing someone to marry against their will could become a criminal offence under plans set out by UK Prime Minister David Cameron Nono said she never reported her abuse to police. She belongs to a silent majority of gay South African women who have been victimized by corrective rape, a controversial term describing the practice of straight men raping lesbians to correct their sexual orientation. Iran actress sentenced to one year in jail+90 lashes for her role in a movie... Europeans more worried about climate change than economic crisis Moscow gets its first official bike lanes. [with pictures] UK doctors are being told the antibiotic normally used to treat gonorrhoea is no longer effective because the sexually transmitted disease is now largely resistant to it. For her starring role in an Australian film shot in Tehran, Marzieh Vafamehr has been sentenced to a year in prison and 90 lashes North Korea's 'Hotel of Doom' to open 24 years after construction   U.N. Finds Systematic Torture in Afghanistan Egyptian political forces slam ruling military council for attack on Copts Afghanistan's intelligence agency and police force have been systematically torturing detainees including children at a number of jails, in breach of local and international laws New Zealand oil spill reaches shore as bad weather holds up response  
Tarballs appear on Bay of Plenty beaches as stricken freighter Rena  has made the water highly toxic.  Fears high that the containment ship is going to break apart. At least 31 people were killed across Syria in a series of shootings on Sunday Exclusive footage taken on an AlertNet visit to North Korea shows malnourished children in the countryside after a savage winter and summer floods worsen chronic food shortages Syria warns against recognising opposition  Foreign minister vows to take tough measures against any state that recognises newlyformed National Council. Egypt erupts in violence Egypt's military blames sectarian clashes for Cairo's recent violence. Everyone else blames the military. Hundreds of Indignants who marched from France, the Netherlands and Spain, defied a ban to occupy Brussels park to protest EUordered austerity measures Children to be banned from blowing up balloons, under EU safety rules Coptics Criticize Egypt Government Over Killings  France's Socialist Comeback?For years, the French left has been weak and disorganized. But Sunday's vote shows the party has a chance at beating Sarkozy. More than 30 killed in Syrian clashes; defector appeals for aid to oust Assad Women who violate headscarf law should be stripped of passports Iranian lawmaker UltraOrthodox Jews picket girls' school France forces TV ads to pipe down, new rules have been introduced as a response to complaints from viewers that TV ads are much louder than the programmes they are interrupting.
 Occupy Wall Street protests have now spread to Ireland Shareholder service advises ousting Rupert Murdoch, two sons and 10 other directors from NewsCorp board 98 of the FTSE 100 companies use tax havens German police find explosive devices on Berlin railway Japan will offer 10,000 foreigners free airfares to visit the country next year, in an attempt to boost the tourism industry  
			Six Adults and One Child in China  Even if we were to discount population projections going forward, the world is on the verge of a global demographic precipice  one in which the the increase in proportion of elderly far outweighs that of the increase in proportion of children British special forces have stormed an Italian ship hijacked by Somali pirates World's oldest working car sold for $4.6m Netanyahu seeks to legalize outposts built on private Palestinian land Coptic Christians in Egypt, already dealing with a massacre, are now contending with the staterun version of events, which has convinced many Egyptians that Christians were at least partially responsible for the violence. U.N. Finds Systematic Torture in Afghanistan UK Government lets Goldman Sachs off 10m tax bill after failed avoidance scheme. Italy to use military to guard merchant ships against pirates
 Ukraine judge rules exPM Tymoshenko exceeded powers  New Zealand oil leak gets 5 times worse US man faces 15 years in jail for insulting Thai monarchy
 Former Wall Street Journal Publisher to Testify Before British Parliament on News Corp Phone Hacking In Russia, a Demographic Crisis and Worries for Nation's Future  The country's plunging population crisis  low birth rates and high death rates  has serious implications for the future of the world's largest nation Egypt government denies report that cabinet resigned Drama grips French presidential primary   Antiglobalization candidate wins big in Socialist primary, upending France's presidential race  again. Egypt Antimilitary chants at protesters' funeral  Hungary seizes live weapons from Brad Pitt World War Z film  Electricians occupy Londons Oxford Street Rivers of Ice Amazing photos of disappearing glaciers in the Himalayas UK government forgives Goldman Sachs $15.6 million (10M pounds) in interest when Goldman Sachs' tax avoidance scheme failed. German officials admit using spyware on citizens, as Big Brother scandal grows France said on Wednesday it was tightening immigration rules to require wouldbe citizens to provide written proof that they speak enough French to manage their daily lives. BP to risk worst ever oil spill in wildliferich British waters off Shetland Islands  Internal report warns of ecological disaster if new well bursts. BP is making contingency plans to fight the largest oil spill in history, as it prepares to drill over 4,000 feet down Iran agents 'planned US terror attacks' New Zealand Arrests Stricken Oil Ships Captain   I want answers, said Prime Minister John Key. Every year around the world there are ships that get into grief, but not ones that plow into an extremely well documented reef in very calm waters at high speed as this one did. Israel, Hamas reach Gilad Shalit prisoner exchange deal Child sacrifice a thriving business for Ugandan witch doctors.  The killing of Saudi ambassador in the US would have ensured the Middle East went up in flames. Former CIA agent Robert Baer thinks This stinks to holy hell. The Quds Force are very good. They don't sit down with people they don't know and make a plot... US Officials concede gaps in U.S. knowledge of Iran plot
| Reuters

 Liberals Are Losing the Battle for Egypt's Future 'Honor killing' targets Turkey's LGBTs Australian Carbon Tax Law Passed WikiLeaks Richard Branson funded a plot to overthrown Robert Mugabe BBC News  Uncovering the business of child sacrifice in Uganda Opponent of Georgian president is stripped of citizenship in runup to election A senior Indian lawyer has been beaten up in his chambers during a live TV interview, in an attack he says was provoked by his stance on Kashmir. Ignoring China, India inks oil exploration pact with Vietnam Thousands rally in support of Syria's Assad  Tens of thousands take to streets of Damascus in solidarity with Syrian president, chanting slogans against US and EU. China again sends another 20 North Koreans back to NK for certain torture or death rather than sending to SK Ukraine May Soon Have Pariah Status Like Belarus  Europe and the United States have blasted the Tuesday verdict that sentenced former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko to seven years in prison, saying the trial was politically motivated. Bangladesh has unveiled a domestically made laptop which officials claim is one of the cheapest in the world. EUprostitutes may work in Sweden  The Swedish police cannot continue to deport prostitutes from other EU countries. This was stated by the Migration court today. Cracks are appearing in a container ship stuck on a reef off a New Zealand holiday spot, as weather forecasts worsen fears that the vessel may break up and spill more fuel and containers carrying toxic materials into the sea.
 Oil Spill  New Zealand Fears Ship Breaking Up  Containers from the ship, which hit a reef a week ago, began falling into the sea today, while cracks are appearing in the vessel. The captain has been charged with 'operating a vessel in a manner causing unnecessary danger or risk' Arrest Bush when he visits B.C., Amnesty tells Ottawa   The rights body says both Canadian and international law oblige Canada to detain Bush and investigate him for war crimes and torture. New Zealand Oil Spill In Pictures  It's the country's worst ever maritime environmental disaster Usedcar salesman as Iran proxy? Why Iran assassination plot doesn't add up for experts. Chinese artist Ai Weiwei is named the most powerful person in the art world by an arts magazine  China complains about political bias.  'Food insecurity' comes to London  Shoppers at London's Spitalfields market are in for a shock when food prices rocket by up to 800 per cent as part of a British Red Cross campaign highlighting the cost of living in developing countries. North Korea has threatened war against South Korea over balloons drifting over the nationsorder that contain leaflets denouncing Kim Jongil's regime.
 19 people arrested in Poland in connection with Anders Breivik mass killing in Norway Bomb explodes at Londonderry City, Northern Ireland Radiation spikes in Tokyo neighborhood. An extraordinarily high level of radiation was detected in one spot in a central Tokyo residential district Thursday, prompting the local government to cordon off the small area. 6.2 earthquake hits off the coast of Bali, Indonesia MEXICO CITY  Mexico's Defense Department says troops have captured the No. 3 figure in the Zetas drug cartel Tremors in the ground beneath an Icelandic volcano could be the first warning signs of a longawaited eruption that would have the potential to dwarf the chaos caused by Eyjafjallajokul last year, experts say. Germany ready to impose financial transaction tax  Germany is prepared to introduce a tax on financial market transactions on its own if it is unable to bring its European partners on board, according to Finance Minister Wolfgang Schuble. Kurds take their struggle online Many accuse the Turkish Prime Minister of doublespeak on Palestinians' rights versus Turkey's own Kurdish issues. US signs free trade deals with South Korea, Panama, Colombia.  The Guardian Unearths a Wall Street Journal Scandal  BBC News  Children Trafficked for Juju. Over the last four years, at least 400 African children have been abducted and trafficked to the UK BlackBerry users cut off for fourth day Egyptian military junta defends conduct  Public figures, infiltrators and even the Coptic Christian protesters themselves are blamed for Sunday's deadly riots Radiation hotspots not linked to Fukushima Japan's science minister announced Thursday that the radiation has been traced to material stored in a house Chinese national oil companies are now the biggest beneficiary of Iraq's oil resources, beating the oil majors.  Robert Fisk Democratic governments don't deal with terrorists  until they do Container with toxic chemical topples into ocean from crippled New Zealand ship Smuggled Libyan weapons flood into Egypt  The end of the peaceful revolution Bride kidnapping happens around the world, from China to Mexico to Russia to southern Africa. In each of these lands, there are communities where it is routine for young women and girls to be plucked from their families, raped and forced into marriage. The Oslo terrorist attacks didn't change anything Norwegian police maintain their stance of not bearing arms Spanish cooperation buids a solar plant in Palestinia, provides electricity to 40 families of Emnaizel, a school and a medical center. Israel decides to demolish it in two weeks. A series of corruption scandals has shaken Austria. Entrepreneurs have allegedly received multimillion commissions for nonexistent services, and there are reports of cashstuffed plastic bags changing hands in Vienna's back alleys. The population is losing faith in the political establishment.  This Is What Millions Of Young People In China And India Are REALLY Thinking Third Iranian nuclear scientist shot dead, likely assassinated. Violent crime plunged in London after summer rioters were locked up in jail Reuters Wall Street sitin goes global Saturday Key shareholder group calls for Rupert Murdoch's eviction from News Corp board at annual meeting  Oil Spill Disaster on New Zealand Shoreline Salvage teams are racing to offload as much remaining oil as possible while cleanup crews are hard at work, coping with New Zealand's worst environmental disaster in decades [pic] 14 Shamans Murdered in Peru  Fourteen traditional healers have been brutally murdered in Peru in the past 20 months, allegedly at the urging of a local mayor; Protestant Sect Members Suspected; Irrecoverable Loss S. Korea Creating Task Force for U.S. Troop Crimes Free Syrian Army poses growing threat to Assad  Significant soldier defections have cast attention on the antiregime Free Syrian Army. But the fledgling rebel force is still far from being a match for the Syrian regular army.  Mexicans demand international human rights investigation UK Defence Secretary Fox resigns Head of India's poorest state (the shoe/statue lady) opens 10 million theme park EFF In conjunction with the Christian organization Mothers' Union, UK PM David Cameron enacts plan with major ISPs  BT, TalkTalk, Virgin, and Sky  to block access to pornography, gambling, selfharm, and other blacklisted websites Iceland's New Constitution China Issues Currency Warning to US Senate measure could seriously interfere with SinoUS economic relations. Norwegian extremist Anders Behring Breivik, who has confessed to twin attacks in July that killed 77 people, says there are up to 80 cells in Europe engaged in antiIslam crusades like his Syria uprising UN says protest death toll hits 3,000 Spain credit rating downgraded ahead of G20 meeting  Standard & Poor's has downgraded the eurozone's fourth largest economy by one notch Tokyo radiation hotspot 'not linked to Fukushima'  Elevated levels of radiation found in a residential area of Tokyo are almost certainly not connected to the stricken Fukushima nuclear plant, say officials. Financial loss after Fukushima disaster estimated at $74 billion
 Berlusconi survives a confidence vote, barely holding onto power UK Energy firms' profits per customer rise 733%, says Ofgem U.S. troops deploying to Central Africa to hunt down Lord's Resistance Army Jail Sentence for Pirate Bay CoFounder Made Final By Swedish Appeal Court At least 1,000 people are demonstrating in London's financial district as part of a worldwide protest against alleged corporate greed. Occupy Wall Street going Global, all the way to Argentina A Palestinian mayor explains how Israeli army starves his village of water Protesters storm Goldman Sachs office in Milan Occupy Wall Street protests spread to major cities around the world The Canadian Auto Workers endorsed Occupy Wall Street on Friday, giving a boost to the nascent Canadian movement as activists across the country prepare for their own demonstrations against corporate greed and inequality. U.N. Official Urges World to Stand Up for Syrians Rome protest against corporate greed turns violent,
Police fire tear gas as protesters riot.
 Unions are offering their support to the Canadian version of Occupy Wall Street CAW, Service Employees International Union, and the Communications, Energy and Paperworkers Union of Canada have all endorsed the movement and said some of their members will take to the streets on Saturday UN names journalism one of the most dangerous professions in the world BBC News  In pictures Worldwide protests over economic crisis IMF representative pelted with eggs Occupy Wall Street comes to Germanyaround 5,000 demonstrators marched through Frankfurt to the headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB), while almost 10,000 took to the streets of Berlin. Several thousand joined protests in Munich, Cologne and other cities.
 How Berlusconi survived once again The Italian PM is under siege. Today, he won yet another noconfidence vote. Here's how. Occupy Australia takes off  thousands in Melbourne and around the country Live in Rome 'Occupy' protest Egypts Military Rulers Expand Their Power, Raising Alarms
 Yemeni government loyalists kill 12 at protest rally in capital These photos are the closest look yet of the stricken ship off New Zealand  'There's an unnerving sound of steel ripping against steel.'  4,200 volunteers have registered & about 2,000 are involved in cleanup efforts.  The rest are being turned away.  Syrian forces kill leading activist in tribal east Yemen security forces fire on protesters; 12 dead and many more wounded Wall Street Journal Europe Doles Out Cash And Favors To Inflate Circulation Numbers At least 430 people, mainly children, have died from an outbreak of encephalitis in a deeply neglected region of India that borders Nepal  

The situation is grim & the epidemic is worse than previous years... there are no empty beds at the hospital. The U.S. is abandoning plans to keep U.S. troops in Iraq past a yearend withdrawal deadline...The decision to pull out fully by January [2012] will effectively end more than eight years of U.S. involvement in the Iraq war, despite ongoing concerns about its security forces and the potential for Wall Street Protests Hit Over 1,500 Cities Around World EU considering massive cuts to food aid for poor. The European Union is considering a roughly 75 percent cut in funding for a program that helps feed 18 million of its poorest citizens. The cuts...would come at a time of rising unemployment and consumer food prices in many parts of Europe. Thankyou cards from China pose mystery for WWII vets Germany will prosecute tax fraudsters using stolen data it bought about its citizens who secretly deposited assets in HSBC bank in Luxembourg Child Slaves Made Your Halloween Candy. Stop Buying It The connection between major candy bar manufacturers and child slavery is one of the world's bestkept secrets Protesters take antigreed message to world's streets  Demonstrators in cities across the globe turned out in force on Saturday to express their anger at the governments, banks and speculators they blame for the economic downturn.  Kenyan troops pursue alShabab into Somalia Truckloads of Kenyan troops have crossed border and are stationed about 100km inside Somalia, military source says. An anticapitalist protest in London's financial district has entered its second day, with some protesters camped outside St Paul's Cathedral. Tokyo's radiation hot spots traced back to radiumfilled bottles found under the floor of a nearby home Israel plans new settlement of 2,600 that will isolate Arab East Jerusalem Senegal Curbs a Bloody Rite for Girls and Women, over the past 15 years, the majority of villages where genital cutting was commonplace have now committed to stop. Mediterranean Shipping Co.,  charterer of the ship that's leaking oil & wreaking environmental havoc off New Zealand, pledges to help with cleanup cash, though it says it's not legally liable  Cost is expected to exceed the $12.1m liability cover  depending on how much more oil leaks  India vs. Pakistan On Water  Irrigation & hydroelectric projects in the Indus River Valley are draining the river's flow  One of the potentially catastrophic consequences of the fragile water balance is the effect on political tensions G20 tells euro zone to fix debt crisis in eight days UK One in seven nursing homes breaking the law on feeding patients Deadly clashes erupt in Yemen  Medics report at least 13 deaths as progovernment forces fire on protesters in the capital, Sanaa. UK Ministers to consider plans for a register of lobbyists Europe on the breadline Spanish activists show how politics could be run Room for one more? World population to reach 7 BILLION in next few days  Egypt's military rulers ban discrimination Measure comes a week after 26 people were killed in clashes involving minority Coptic Christian protesters and military. Arab League to Discuss Suspending Syria Bank of Canada head calls Occupy protests 'entirely constructive'  Hollande set to challenge Sarkozy in presidential vote London antibank protesters camp out at St Paul's 
Cathedral  Police told by church to move on Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff takes hard line on corruption, fires chief of staff and ministers 'People are making it clear in the streets and elsewhere that longtolerated sins such as bribery, graft and other acts of corruption are no longer tolerable.' Thousands of Tunisians marched through the capital Tunis Sunday in a show of support for a television station subjected to violence after airing a controversial film that offended Muslims.  Engstrom Todays copyright legislation is out balance, and out of tune with the times. It has turned the entire young generation into criminals in the eyes of the law, in a futile attempt at stopping the technological development. Yet file sharing has continued to grow exponentially. Police called after passengers stranded on plane or an entire day Occupy Wall Street returns to Canada Online Sex Education Parents' Porn Fears Exaggerated, Experts Say  St. Paul's Cathedral tells police to move along at Occupy LSX protest Arab League finally steps up, calls for Syria to end violence 

   

Qantas Admits Losing Child  Airline staff not only lost the boy's paperwork, but failed to even realize he was in their care  Top French cop arranged prostitutefilled orgies for Dominique StraussKahn Head of French Spy Agency arrested after allegedly spying on a journalist for Nicolas Sarkozy Calls to suspend Sri Lanka from Commonwealth As anticapitalism demonstrations sweep through Germany, activists have set up tentcities in Frankfurt and Hamburg, vowing to stay as long as they can. S.African hospital reports 'superbug' outbreak Israel tense as prisoner swap looms Gilad Shalit to be swapped Tuesday for a thousand Palestinian prisoners BBC News  Pc denies killing Ian Tomlinson at G20  A prominent organization of Indian Sunni clerics has urged Muslims to reject hardline Wahabi Islam, which it said was giving the community a bad name, and called for limiting the influence of Saudi Arabia. Senegal Curbs a Bloody Rite for Girls and Women Hermes calls on shareholders to protest at News Corp AGM Shareholder advisory service withdraws support for board members Rupert Murdoch, James Murdoch Kenya deploys troops in Somalia after kidnappings Outcry in China over hitandrun toddler left in street Russian spies using Canadian passports poses troubling threat  A court in Sweden has heard the case against a woman accused of sharing 45,000 music tracks online. Even in the home of The Pirate Bay the sheer scale is a recordbreaker, and the prosecution has already hinted at a jail sentence...










 Jordans King Abdullah has sacked Prime Minister Marouf alBakhit, a conservative former army general and asked International Court of Justice judge Awn Khasawneh to form a new government Hamas vows to try to kidnap more IDF soldiers
Meshal says Hamas won't stop kidnapping efforts until 'all of our prisoners in Israel are freed.' Occupy Wall Street Spreads Worldwide [pics] Twitter chief We will protect our users from Government, Twitter's chief, has stood by the companys decision not to suspend the service during the UK riots or disclose user identities to authorities.
 Interview with German Opposition Leader 'Commercial Banking Should Be Split From Investment Banking'  Occupy Italy Police raid homes after riots
 On 31 October, world population reaches 7 billion. The Atlantic bluefin is so depleted as to qualify as a threatened species last year 140% more bluefin tuna meat from the Mediterranean Sea continue  entered the market than was reported as caught Occupy Wall Streetstyle protest in Indonesia leads to closure of world's largest gold mine    Clashes between protesting Indonesians and security forces at USowned mine have also left four dead.
 Hamas frees Israel's Gilad Shalit in prisoner swap  UK Lobbying cleanup is delayed after lobbying 
              Egypts 1st PostRevolution Political Prisoner, Blogger Maikel Nabil Sanad May Die a Martyr. Imprisoned for criticizing the Military. On hunger strike,now refusing water. A Coptic Christian with controverisal views, he has received little attention from  activist & prorights groups in Egypt.

 There has been a fall of nearly 40% in the number of deaths from malaria worldwide in the past decade 'Zetas drugcartel boss' captured in Mexico  Al Jazeera English
 Spanish society has been shaken by allegations of the theft and trafficking of thousands of babies by nuns, priests and doctors, which started under Franco and continued up to the 1990s.
 BBC goes inside the besieged centre of Syrian resistance to secretly film what life is like, There's no electricity, water or communications. Chinese toddler's parents thank her rescuer, a rag picker and trash collector  Bureaucracy in Greece Defies Efforts to Cut It Stories of eyepopping waste and abuse of power among Greeces bureaucrats are legion, including officials who hire their wives, and managers who submit $38,000 bills for office curtains. 
 Ahmadinejad likens claims of Iranian assassination plot to Iraq WMD. Iranian president says US claims of Iranian involvement in an alleged plot to kill Saudi ambassador will prove false. Bail Us Out of Trouble? No Way, Say Greeks  
  It might seem crazy to protest a bailout meant to help your country out of its selfimposed mess, but, for many Greeks, there's more than just money at stake  Why so many in the broke country don't want the EU's help EU stem cell patent ban is 'unbelieveable setback', say researchers From traders to the homeless, protesters at the Occupy Sydney campaign in Martin Place say they have received more support from the public than expected 11year old tasered by RCMP for brandishing a pen.  'Paramilitaries' rise from Mexico's cartels  The gangs Mexico deserves, but not the ones it needs 'When AlShabaab militants called the Somali national womens basketball team captain, Suweys Ali Jama, and told her she had two options to be killed or to stop playing basketball, she decided that neither was really an option at all.' New vaccine 'to cut malaria risk by half'  Al Jazeera English
 Strikes cripple Greece in 'critical' week for eurozone  Greece has been waiting for two months for the next installment of its international aid  money it needs to remain solvent. But protests against measures needed to secure the tranche have plunged the country into chaos. We now have an effective vaccine for Malaria Shark massacre reported in Colombian waters Environmental authorities say up to 2,000 hammerhead, Galpagos and whale sharks were slaughtered for their fins
 Canada Supreme court rules that people cannot be held liable for how they use hyperlinks on websites French Court Orders ISPs to Block Access to Site That Allow[s] Civilians to Post Videos of Alleged Police Misconduct Switzerland sold arms and ammunition to longterm clients Egypt and Bahrain during the Arab spring protests, according to a report by Amnesty International. From South Africa, a faster and easier way to apply condoms Dalai Lama's prayers for Tibetans is 'terrorism in disguise', says China
 In the largest protest seen in decades, hundreds of thousands of citizens have thronged the centre of Athens and other cities on the first day of a 48hour general strike. Chvez opponent can run for president, but can't take office, says court  Venezuela's Supreme Court said that opposition leader Leopoldo Lpez can't take office, even if he beats Hugo Chvez in next year's presidential race, despite an international court ruling otherwise. Report Turkey launches incursion into Iraq  USATODAY.com China hails woman who rescued bleeding toddler left for dead Turkish forces are reported to have launched airstrikes and sent ground troops into northern Iraq, in pursuit of Kurdish PKK rebels who killed at least 26 Turkish soldiers.
 At least 21 Turkish soldiers have been killed in clashes with Kurdish rebels at several police and army posts in southeast Turkey 'New Stuxnet' worm targets companies in Europe Although the virus appears to have been spying on the systems it infiltrates  rather than attempting to vandalise them  experts say its code is so similar to the Stuxnet worm that attacked Iran, that it may have been engineered by the same people. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin was due on Wednesday to push for closer exSoviet integration after the surprise announcement of a freetrade zone being created in the former communist bloc. Somali kidnappers say French woman dead As the Arctic sea ice nears record lows, the Northeast Passage opens up Japan says it needs to clear 2,419 square kilometres of radiationcontaminated landan area larger than greater Tokyo.  Researchers warn of new Stuxnet worm Kenyan and proSomali government forces claim to have captured a key alShabab base and killed 75 of its fighters. The disease killing Europe's plane trees
 Social network sites may be changing people's brains as well as their social life Kurdish rebels kill 24 Turkish soldiers   Telegraph Hanoi hotel's secret bunker used by antiwar activist  Jane Fonda found after 40 years, Bomb shelter uncovered by workmen at historic Metropole. Palestinian militants vow to abduct a 'new Gilad Shalit'
 Libyan forces 'capture Gaddafi'  local TV reports. Whistleblowers murdered in India illustrate the fatal hazards of exposing corruption Report into undercover police delayed, allegations that police chiefs had authorised undercover police officers to give false evidence in court. Russia is pressing for a UN resolution aimed at keeping thousands of shoulderfired surfacetoair missiles purchased by former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi from getting into the hands of armed groups and terrorists. Its time for the UN to formally apologize for having legitimized Gaddafis regime by electing Libya to its Human Rights Council last year, to the Security Council in 20082009, and as General Assembly president in 2009, Muammar Gaddafi killed At 105, Celebrated Chinese Linguist Now A Dissident Zhou Youguang Ordinary people no longer believe in the Communist Party. ... People ask me if there's hope for China. I'm an optimist. I didn't even lose hope during the Japanese occupation and World War II. A Jew Of No Religion  
Yoram Kaniuk, novelist, 81, wins court victory in Israel. He can be Jewish by nationality, but an atheist by religion. Sounds like progress. But raises new questions about church and state relations, and what it means to be Jewish In Syria, protests mutate to armed resistance amid economic meltdown GM crops fail to increase yield but vastly increased  use of chemicals and the growth of superweeds The study accuses Monsanto of controlling 95% of the Indian cotton seed market and massively pushing up prices Libya The End of Qaddafi and the Fall of Sirte [pics]
 Authorities knew that Rupert Murdoch's News of the World tabloid had hacked into the phone of murdered teenager Milly Dowler nine years before the scandal over the practice exploded. Gaddafi removed from truck apparently alive  video Bolivian natives triumphantly enter La Paz after a 2month march from the Amazon opposing construction of a highway through their homeland   The road is to be built through the pristine Isiboro Secure National Park & Indigenous Territory  inhabited by 50,000 native people  Police spies unit 'crossed the line', says Lord Macdonald Former director of public prosecutions accuses Metropolitan police of 'monumental misjudgment' in allowing undercover officers to give false evidence
 With injuries to the leg, torso and head, the former dictator was found alone in the drain pipe, surrounded by the bodies of his guards who had been shot as they fled Sirte from the west. Mainstream Press Account In Australia Makes The Case For Why 'Piracy' Is Not The Problem The Venezuelan Supreme Court today basically belongs to President Chvez. Ever since his supporters packed the court in 2004, its rulings have repeatedly sought to protect the presidents political agenda, not to uphold basic human rights.  Benjamin Netanyahu is ridiculed in Israel for his attempts to capitalize on the release of Gilad Shalit Ratings agency forecasts are throwing entire countries into financial crises by driving up interest rates on bonds. Now the EU is considering a ban on ratings for countries that are in the process of negotiating economic bailout packages. Mexican police Head of shelter charged with prostituting women residents  CNN.com Basque group ETA ends armed independence campaign The Rise and Fall of Muammar Gaddafi [pics]
 Qaddafi's death leaves a Libya that must build itself from scratch  Muammar Qaddafi's government was one of a kind, with no independent institutions. That means Libya's new government has nothing, good or bad, to build on. Canada's Supreme Court rules that hyperlinks on websites the link to defamatory content do not constitute publication, shielding content sharers from liability, should they inadvertently post links to libelous material 700 metres of the Great Wall of China collapses due to excessive mining Yue Yue, the little girl run over by two trucks, has now died. Global warming 'confirmedy independent study Basque separatist group Eta says it has called a definitive cessation to its campaign of bombings and shootings. India mulls law to make private sector bribes a criminal offense Gadhafi's last words Do you know right from wrong? Protesting students seize Chile's Senate building David Attenborough 'I'm an essential evil' David Attenborough's latest TV series, Frozen Planet, is being heralded as his take on climate change. Now 85, he explains why  finally  he's speaking out on the issue, and shares the joys of a long life spent filming sex and death in the wild Syrian protesters to Assad You're next Police move in on Occupy Melbourne as protesters defy eviction order. Swedish Court Snapping pics of sleeping woman's breasts 'not a crime'  Two young men who bared and took pictures of the breasts of a passedout 18yearold woman are not guilty of sexual molestation because the girl wasn't aware that she was being molested at the time, a Swedish court has ruled. Robert Fisk You can't blame Gaddafi for thinking he was one of the good guys Gaddafi daughter in hospital after watching her father lynched on TV Mogadishu massacre  70 AU troops killed Qaddafi Was Captured Alive  Who Killed Him? Iraq rejects US request to maintain bases after troop withdrawal Iceland's President declares support for Occupy Wall Street  protests organized by social media and technological developments are healthy for society Obama Iraq war will be over by year's end; all troops coming home  CNN.com Hacking Update News Corp To Pay $4.8M To Family Of Murdered Girl; Allegations Tip Of The Iceberg  Messengers of Death Are Drones Creating a New Global Arms Race?
 Hundreds demonstrated against the growing criminalization of homelessness in Budapest India sixth largest contributor to global wealth  
Report Indias total wealth rose by $1.3 trillion to reach $4.1 trillion in 2011; expected to top $8.9 trillion by 2016 UK Met facing mounting crisis as activist spying operation unravels ..virtually nothing was known about the secretive police units which, for four decades, had been surreptitiously disrupting the activities of political campaign groups Turkey sends 10,000 troops to Iraq border who are backed up by F16 warplanes, helicopter gunships and drones. Guatemala apologises to Arbenz family for 1954 coup  Guatemala's government has apologised to the family of former President Jacobo Arbenz who was toppled in 1954 in a CIAbacked coup.  Obama All U.S. troops out of Iraq by Dec. 31. The war will finally be over  Lynn Sweet German Pirate Party hit double digits in the polls for the national elections With one in ten Germans embracing the ideas of the young party, the Pirates are on course to gain serious influence in one of the worlds major political arenas U.S. official Saudi Crown Prince dies Rupert Murdoch and sons reelected to News Corp. board University of Wales, the secondlargest university in the country with a 120year history has been abolished following a visa scandal. BitTorrent Throttling ISPs Exposed Comcast was slowing down in 2008, but only 3% last year. In Canada, Rogers has the worst track record as it systematically throttles more than threequarters of all BitTorrent traffic Like many newly emerging democracies, Libya didn't overthrow Qaddafi when it was bulging with youth. It toppled Qaddafi after its youth bulge matured. As Libya takes stock, Moammar Kadafi's hidden riches astound New estimates of the former leader's assets  more than $200 billion  are called 'staggering.' If they prove true, he would rank among the world's most rapacious leaders. Qaddafi Was Worth More Than $200 Billion  By Far The Richest Person In The World More than one in five people in Spain live below poverty line  Tunisians prepare for the election tomorrow, the first in the Arab Spring 'Unwanted' Indian girls get new start in name ceremony Shareholders deal blow to Murdoch Heir to Saudi throne Crown Prince Sultan bin AbdulAziz Al Saud has died. UK government rejects renewed call from Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs to decriminalize drug possession Facebook to give German state privacy exemption Hugo Chavez cancer claim doctor flees Venezuela  A doctor who said Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez had only two years to live has fled the country saying he fears for his life. Dominique StraussKahn has been implicated in a police probe into pimping at a French luxury hotel which has uncovered evidence that he attended sex soirees with prostitutes paid for by businessmen. Occupy protesters vow to stay at St Paul's cathedral, demonstrators say they are prepared to stay at London landmark until government changes direction Turkish forces have killed at least 49 Kurdish militants in two days during clashes near the Iraqi border, the country's military says. Hashish Harvest in Bekaa The People Behind the 
Plant | Al Akhbar English Iran's Ahmedinejad criticizes the killings in Syria. St Paul's Cathedral in London is losing 16,000 a day because of protest camp  Clues to Gaddafi's death concealed from public view 
 Germany arrests two Russians for spying since Cold War
| Reuters

 285 Indian girls shed 'unwanted' names Activists say the name unwanted, which is widely given to girls across India, gives them the feeling they are worthless and a burden 7.3 magnitude earthquake rocks Turkey I think I'd rather be trapped in a mine Six divers are currently trapped in a hyperbaric recompression chamber bolted onto the deck of their ship, which sank in 70 meters of water. Iraqi Prime Minister We made the call  not America  to pull troops after immunity was denied  Israel offers aid to Turkey in wake of massive earthquake  Defense Minister Barak instructs top official to contact Ankara, despite the deep diplomatic crisis that has engulfed the two nations in recent years. UK parliamentary committee suggests that websites need to reveal the identity of anonymous comments, or be liable for what's in those comments The strange and evil world of Equatorial Guinea Norwegian energy giant Statoil confirmed Friday that a large new oil discovery in the North Sea announced earlier this year is twice as big as previously thought.
 Karzai Afghanistan would back Pakistan in war with U.S. Irans Ahmadinejad condemns Syria for killings and massacre Polls open in historic Tunisia election Birthplace of Arab Spring holds first democratic elections in decades, as Tunisians pick a constituent assembly Switzerland's extremeright poised for historic win in Sunday elections, Amid nasty antiimmigration attacks, the Swiss Peoples Party rises. Large 7.3 magnitude earthquake hits Turkey India's Silent War
 The Cleanest Place In Africa Once synonymous with genocide, Rwanda is now a budding police state. It's also a stunning African success story. Palestinian Bid to Join Unesco Could Imperil Funds U.S. legislation mandates a cutoff to any United Nations agency that accepts the Palestinians as a full member. BBC tracks down Gaddafi's AWOL spy chief in Dubai  confronts him about claims  he personally tortured prisoners.   Tens of thousands of Hungarians protested in central Budapest on Sunday against the centerright government, demanding more transparent legislation and protection for the country's freemarket democracy. Karzai Says Afghanistan Would Back Pakistan in a Conflict Collapse of BelgianFrench bank Dexia in Europe highlights spreading global risk Pakistan Indian helicopter violates airspace  Army spokesman says crew of four taken into safe custody after incident near Skardu in country's northeast. Tunisia Casts Historic Vote Deadly earthquake hits eastern Turkey

Death toll could be up to 1,000 after magnitude 7.2 earthquake strikes Van province, bringing down buildings Approaching its first national election since the ouster of Zine elAbidine Ben Ali, the former strongman, Tunisia faces a fierce debate over the sources of political spending while voters will choose an assembly to govern the country while simultaneously writing a new constitution.  Turkey's main seismography center says the quake could have killed up to 1,000 people. Japan 6 months later... Hard work pays off 
Deal struck to stop poor nations becoming West's toxic waste dump  UN accelerates global ban on export of hazardous waste, including old electronics, discarded computers, & mobile phones, from developed to developing countries BBC News  WikiLeaks suspends publication of classified US files Good News Everyone. India 'close to wiping out polio' Former Irish leader made all decisions in a pub as economy collapsed Gaddafi loyalists executed in Sirte, HRW found  53 decomposing bodies, apparently Gaddafi supporters, at an abandoned hotel in Sirte, and some had their hands bound behind their backs when they were shot In South Korea, too many college grads, too few jobs Skype and Sensibility Estonia Lives the European Dream  The Estonians, with little debt, an enthusiastic attitude toward Europe and a stoic approach to austerity measures, are a model EU nation in the midst of a crisis Libya Framebyframe analysis shows that Gaddafi was sodomized with what appears to be a knife as he was being taken to the truck Cristina Kirchner reelected as Argentina's president in landslide One of country's biggest ever electoral victories makes Kirchner first woman in Latin America to retain top office At least 32 people have died and more than 100 injured after a bridge collapsed at a political event in the Indian teaproducing region of Darjeeling. BBC News  Berlin police arrest man for torching 100 luxury cars Don't Force Statehood On Somalia  
The model for Somalia is Switzerland. Don't laugh! Here's why a decentralised confederation system would work. And, for some counterarguments, read the four heavyduty responses to the article A cyber attack on Japan's biggest defense contractor likely netted military data on warplanes and information on nuclear power plants Rights group Bodies of 53 apparent Gadhafi loyalists found in Libyan hotel Norways annual telethon  approx. 38M$ raised for clearing landmines Video footage shows 'Gaddafi's killer' State govt in Australia seeks to issue up to $12k fines if you insult its gaming minister Michael O'Brien Scouts Canada takes a page from the Vatican regarding management of pedophilia hush money. Get your kids raped and earn big!  Photos Hundreds Dead In Turkey Earthquake Turkey accepts Iranian aid for quake victims Bransons, space tourists anxious for maiden flight
 UK riots analysis reveals gangs did not play pivotal role 
China makes single largest grain donation to Africa official
 Sri Lankan President accused of War Crimes in Australian court  The bankerslockade of WikiLeaks must end Whether you support WikiLeaks or not, the blockade by Visa, Mastercard, Paypal and others is a sinister attack on free speech Toronto city council bans sale and consumption of shark fin.  The Man Who Knew Too Much 
Libyans may be celebrating the killing of Muammar alQaddafi, but you'd better believe that Western governments are breathing a sigh of relief themselves. Nicolas Sarkozy tells David Cameron to 'shut up' in euro clash. We are sick of you criticising us and telling us what to do, Last rare rhinoceros in Vietnam killed by poacher, group says  A moderate Islamist party, committed to democracy and pluralism, is in the lead in Tunisia's first democratic election. 'Occupy' Blocked In China, Joins Banned Search Terms On Microblog  Turkish Tanks Enter Northern Iraq.  Turkish warplanes bombing the Haftanin region.  Rhino poached to extinction in Vietnam India to outperform China by 2013  Man offered 300,000 to artificially 'grow' a hamburger, raising questions about the future of animal farming and welfare. Euro collapse is now perhaps unavoidable Morales signs new law forbidding construction of Amazon road Wounded Syrian protesters being tortured in hospital, claims Amnesty Berlusconi government on verge of collapse over EU economic reforms  Japanese nurse sentenced to hanging in Malaysia Berlusconi's Government Risks Collapse  Italy could be left without a government just as it tries to convince its European partners that it will get its ailing economy back on track China's Occupy Wall Street Strategy From Headline News to Banned Search Topic China's onechild policy means benefits for parents  if they follow the rules  
Ruleabiding parents get benefits such as preferential hospital treatment, 1st choice for government jobs & extra land allowances  but rich parents can afford to flout the rules Economics has met the enemy, and it is economics Tunisia's moderate Islamist party Ennahda claimed victory in the country's first democratic elections, saying it would reach out to two centreleft parties to form a stable political alliance. Official results are expected Tuesday afternoon.  Mass killings, arbitrary detention under new Libyan regime Photos Thailand's worst floods in half a century Murdoch sons rebuked by News Corporation shareholders Euro rescue postponed yet again, Italy fails to agree on reforms Apple Continues To Insist Only It Can Use An Apple In A Logo; Threatens Small German Cafe London's Metropolitan Police discovers existence of a secret mobile phone within News International's east London HQ that was used in more than 1,000 incidents of illegal hacking A top US government official believes that the internet is under fierce attack by authoritarian governments worldwide, and that the situation is rapidly deteriorating.
 Remember that high speed train accident in China in July? Within hours of the incident, local officials began burying the wreckage. Video showed bodies still inside the carriages as they were shoved by backhoes into newly dug slit trenches. Javan rhino goes extinct in Vietnam after last rhino poached Colombian President Santos Marijuana should be legalized worldwide  The Colombian head of state said that legalizing softer drugs could be a way forward, provided everyone does it at the same time. China will tighten its censorship of social media networks, the Communist Party said on Wednesday. Internet users will be punishable for publishing what the Party deems harmful information.
 The bodies of 267 people have been found in Sirte, Libya; many appear to have been executed  Al Jazeera A Tibetan Buddhist monk doused himself in fuel and set himself ablaze in far western China on Tuesday, the tenth ethnic Tibetan this year to resort to the extreme form of protest Australia is allowing the hunting of an endangered Great White Shark due to 3 fatalities that haven't been proven to actually be associated with the shark  Saif alIslam is proposing voluntarily handing himself in to the International Criminal Court Engineers, academics accuse feds of misleading public about oil supplies EU politician wants Internet surveillance built into every operating system The disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in March released far more radiation than the Japanese government has claimed. So concludes a study that combines radioactivity data from across the globe to estimate the scale and fate of emissions from the shattered plant.  Arab World Opinion Turns Overwhelmingly Against Syria's Assad New Tunisian Government Promises Dignity For Gays Iceland Genealogical website helps couples avoid incest, and of course, to see if Bjork is a cousin. UK to introduce two strikes and you're out mandatory life sentences for serious crimes Turkey asks for quake help, Israel sending special equipment  Why the image of French police is taking a beating  A handful of Frances most renowned police officers have recently been implicated in a string of scandals involving drugs, prostitution, bribes, and spying on journalists, resulting in a storm of negative attention for French law enforcement.  Hundreds of Yemeni women have set fire to a pile 
of female face and body veils on a main street in 
Sanaa to protest the government's brutal 
crackdown against the country's popular uprising. Occupy Melbourne protesters turn on police in city Gaddafi's driver on the endgame 'He didn't seem to know what to do' Switzerland has denied visas to President Robert Mugabe's wife Grace and five top Zimbabwean officials Pope Approves Of Occupy Wallstreet, Oh Joy! Bangkok Underwater [Pics] Wifesharing haunts Indian villages as girls decline

 Israel rejects Palestinian lawsuit over IDF missile that struck family home N. Korea nationals who witnessed Arab Spring forbidden to return home.  South Sudan will change the language of schooling to English The European Union has reached a threepronged agreement it says is vital to resolving the Greek debt crisis.  As part of the deal, banks have agreed to take a 50% loss on Greek debt. Police chiefs 'authorised undercover police officers to give false evidence in court'. Russia Putin advances Eurasian Union  As the West stumbles, Putin aggressively forges ahead with a new Sovietstyle union. Irish See Opportunity in Greeces Debt Hole  Why is it acceptable to write down Greek debt, when the Irish pay private bankers debts?  French government anning vegetarianism' in school canteens Hugo Chvez announces 50% pay raise for the military  Chvez said that the salary increase for military officers would be retroactive to September. They deserve it for the hard work done, in our country. SubSaharan Africa is being sold misguided agricultural policies based on flawed Chinese farming tactics. Pope expresses 'great shame' for violence in God's name  Eurozone crisis banks agree 50% reduction on Greece's debt Uncharted submarine wreck found off PNG Brazil rejects Europe debt purchase plan Syrian army defectors are growing and becoming more organized St. Paul's Chancellor Quits Over Plans to Remove Protesters If the Libyan war was about saving lives, it was a catastrophic failure More than 2,000 people marched Thursday through Johannesburg to demand jobs and a greater share of South Africa's riches Another Container Ship Hits Rocks in New Zealand  They're saying the damage to the ship has been superficial but they're getting that seen to right now. Hundreds of migrants protest tax dispute in east China, blocking roads, torching vehicles The Breivik Interrogations Norway Massacre Suspect Reveals All But Motive Hamas boosting antiaircraft arsenal with looted Libyan missiles
 North Korea bans citizens working in Libya from returning home Britain's top directors condemned as elite greedy pigs after a 49% pay rise last year, while average workers failed even to keep up with inflation Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos says he would support worldwide legalization of softer drugs such as marijuana provided everyone does it at the same time.  Canadas homicide rate hits 44year low Over 200 Cambodian workers fainted this week in a factory which manufacturers clothes for Swedish fashion giant H&M.
 Paris police have arrested around 20 Christian fundamentalists who burst into a theatre and threw stink bombs to protest against a play featuring the face of Christ drizzled with fake excrement. Gaddafi killer faces prosecution UK royal succession laws changed  daughters to have equal rights as sons How can I be proud of my China if we are a nation of 1.4bn cold hearts? In the fifth year of a terrible war in Mexico that has exhausted the military, consumed the presidency of Felipe Calderon and left more than 43,000 dead in drug violence, Joaquin El Chapo Guzman, the founder of the Sinaloa cartel, reigns supreme Fukushima released 'twice as much' radioactive material as first thought. Far more radioactive caesium released into the atmosphere than previously estimated, according to study Helsinki Court orders Finnish ISP Elisa to block subscriber access to The Pirate Bay. The ISP has to block the domain names and IP addresses of the worlds mostvisited torrent site by end of next month or face 100,000 euro fine Rape being used to cure Lesbians. Singing Geneva banker 'The global economy is about to crash'
 Thousands of protesters gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square Friday to press the ruling army to speed up the transfer of power to civilian rule, and an Islamist leader said his followers would stage a sitin if the army does not respond. Iranian grand Chess master Maghami was expelled from an international chess tournament after refusing to play an Israeli Bangkok Flooding Putting Pets Before People [pics] German flag burned on the streets as Greeks react angrily to historic Eurozone deal Church of England shaken to its foundations as row over anticapitalism protest escalates. 6.9 Magnitude Earthquake Near the Coast of Central Peru Syrian forces 'kill dozens' in Homs and Hama Activists say at least 36 people killed, mainly in Homs and Hama, as protesters call for nofly zone to protect them. Egyptians march to Tahrir Square in solidarity with #OccupyOakland Gaddafi's chemical weapons were hidden despite pledge to Tony Blair  Warning for China's Economy Wenzhou's cutthroat network of private credit came tumbling down this spring. FTSE 100 directors' earnings rose by 49% last year 4yearold Palestinian girl is rendered quadriplegic by Israeli military training in occupied West Bank Anonymous send a warning to drug cartel Los Zetas [Spanish language] Many in China Sympathise with OWS Income inequality, a feeling of disenfranchisement, and a sense of injustice are fueling popular curiosity about the movement, in which a number of Chinese see parallels with their own complaints against their govt Occupy Europe How a generation went from indifferent to indignant  CSMonitor.com Swedish court bans niqabwearing women, three women wearing head scarves completely shielding their faces were denied entry to a Gothenburg courtroom
 Rise of the Drones 50 people killed in one day by drone attacks Fukushima decommissioning will take at least three decades Elected Michael D Higgins  Ireland's most antiAmerican President Egyptian anger grows after latest case of death by torture. Critics say Essam Ali Atta's death shows junta is failing to dismantle Mubarak's brutal security apparatus. Arab League 'urgently' tells Assad to end violence  Following killing of 40 prodemocracy protesters in Hama and Homs, Arab ministers express severe discontent with Syrian leader. Ash cloud rises above Chilean volcano, officials warn large eruption possible  The Washington Post Protesters burn government building in Tunisia as some votes are nullified The race is on to find Libya's missing missiles Deadly Attack Strikes NATO Bus in Kabul Press censorship threatens Egypt's 'unfinished revolution'
 Kabul attack kills 13 Americans A suicide attack in the Afghan capital Kabul on Saturday targeted a convoy of foreign troops. US and Europe play the blame game  In the European debt crisis, blame is being passed back and forth across the Atlantic between the US and European nations themselves. But this week's crisis summit in Brussels relieved some of the tension. BBC News  Suicide attack targets foreign troops in Kabul Japan to offer nuclear plant technology to India Anonymous threatens to expose cartel's secrets Congo's militias mobilising again, leading peace activist warns His health  the one thing he couldn't fix.  Jimmy Saville, veteran UK broadcaster, dies age 84 The world is at the mercy of irrelevant pygmies like Silvio Berlusconi and Nicolas Sarkozy
Gone are the statesmen of stature  todays leaders are a motley set of lechers and buffoons.
 Egyptian prisoner tortured to death, activists say No exit date for Kenyan mission in Somalia With the Fight in Egypt Failing, Wael Ghonim Is Out of Sight  Google's Wael Ghonim was the face of Egypt's revolution.  Islamists and even regular Egyptians have disparaged him on all sorts of contradictory chargeshes a freemason, an American infiltrator , an Israeli spy, an Islamist, a traitor Russia has not put its clocks back for winter this year, after President Dmitry Medvedev decided the country would stay permanently in summertime. Occupy London could be protected by Christian ring of prayer Coalition of Christian groups plan to prevent forcible attempts to remove tents outside St Paul's Cathedral
 Online hackers threaten to expose cartel's secrets   Work for free  or not at all the bitter choice for young graduates Christmas comes early for Germany after 55billioneuro accounting error The protesters seem more adult than politicians and plutocrats. With a few nylon tents and some amateurish banners, the Occupy movement has rattled the establishment
 African male rape victims speak, fight shame of war horror Saudi Prince offers $900,000 to the person who captures an Israeli soldier | Reuters

 Canada Mandatory Minimum Crime Bill Set to Pass The govt has been trying for years to pass a harsh drug crime bill that includes mandatory minimum sentences for growing as few as six marijuana plants Spanish Indignados Millions turned out for Spain's Occupy protests and inspire others abroad; Occupy Wall Street pale in size compared to their Spanish cousin, which may be taking a leading role in an increasingly globalized and coordinated movement Canadian man beaten, jailed by 1015 religious police in unprovoked attack in Saudi Arabia Horror of South Africa's 'corrective rape' Germany's 'Occupy' protesters return to voice anger  Thousands of people in Germany have rallied again to protest over the gap between rich and poor. Activists camping outside the European Central Bank in Frankfurt have vowed to remain for the next two weeks. Google refuses official requests to take down YouTube video of police brutality U.S. moves to sell attack helicopters to Turkey  ... an unusual proposal to take three AH1W SuperCobra attack helicopters from the U.S. Marine Corps inventory and sell them to Turkey.
 London's Metropolitan Police spends millions of pounds on secret spy planes capable of eavesdropping on mobile phone calls
 More Egyptians Finding It Difficult to Make Ends Meet  
40% of Egyptians say they are finding it very difficult to get by, the highest percentage to say so since the overthrow of Mubarak. Fewer than  30% of Egyptians are getting by on their present income, down from 43% in late 2010 Greens Insist Feds Should Override States & Protect Water Supply From Mining, Arguing States are ''Clearly Failing'' to Regulate the Industry  The federal government should have a ''regulatory role'' in protecting groundwater & food security from mining. Man slain in central Oslo; 'GOD' written in blood There have been violent protests in the central Chinese province of Henan after a policeman suspected of drunk driving crashed his car and killed five people Egypt anger erupts after top blogger, activist Alaa detained by military Arab League warns Assad of foreign intervention if violence continues China copes with promise and perils of onechild policy IsraeliPalestinian ceasefire reached Three Australian soldiers shot dead in Taliban sleeper agent attack in Afghanistan  A ROGUE Afghan soldier has opened fire and killed three Australian army trainers and wounded six others in the volatile south of Afghanistan, NATO and a local commander have confirmed. UNESCO gives Palestinians full membership British Prime Minister threatens to withhold international aid from antigay countries Fast cars and loose fiscal morals there are more Porsches in Greece than taxpayers declaring 50,000 euro incomes'. More revelations on the official policespread malware that Germany's Chaos Computer Club discovered in the wild and reverse engineered pretty much everything the German police said in their defense turns out to be a lie! Anonymous hackers threaten Mexican drug cartel Hacker group says it will expose identity of Zetas gang and supporters in retaliation for the kidnapping of a group member
 The destroyed Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan was responsible for the biggest discharge of radioactive material into the ocean in history, a study from a French nuclear safety institute said. US withdraws Unesco funding after it accepts Palestinian membership  Palestine secures seat in UNESCO despite US threats The US, Canada, Germany and Israel voted against the bid. Russia, China and France voted in favor... and the UK abstained UNESCO approves Palestinian membership bid One Mystery Man with radiation detector and bike Tweets two major radiation hotspots in Tokyo authorities confirm. Unesco Approves Full Membership for Palestinians Greece to hold bailout referendum Libya Confirms Chemical Weapons Found London's Met police using surveillance system to monitor mobile phones ... covering an area of 10 sq km, the system forces hundreds of mobile phones per minute to release their unique IMSI and IMEI identity codes, which can be used to track a person's movements in real time.' The Shadow Superpower  
Introduction to the shadow economic world of System D, or l'economie de la dbrouillardise. A black market economy, free of regulation and taxation. With 1.8 billion jobs and a $10 trillion global market, is it the future? An Australian man visiting China made a horrifying discovery at a restaurant in the southern city of Guangzhou a caged live koala, on sale and available braised or stewed.  China arrests 12,000 in online drug bust  Greeks threatened with power cuts if they fail to pay property tax UNESCO votes to admit Palestine; U.S. cuts off funding  The Washington Post London cops recording movements & association with mobile tracking device blanket & indiscriminate Experts say it will take at least 30 years to close Japans tsunamihit nuclear power plant
 Man jailed for posting sex images of expartner online Live koalas being sold at Chinese restaurant Palestinians win seat at Unesco China denies it is behind hacking of U.S. satellites Israel to shift tax burden to the rich and corporations Israel's protest movement celebrates its first tangible success.
 S. Korea Plans $50B Fund for Reunification China to assemble a permanent space station in ten years! Israel punishes Palestinians for Unesco membership Withholding tax revenues and accelerating settlement construction  But it's Palestines bid for membership that will kill peace talks. Palestinians hit by cyberattack following success at UNESCO US soldier jailed for raping South Korean teenager Syria has been planting landmines along the country's border with Lebanon as Syrian refugees leave the country to escape the government's crackdown against protesters Hacking Update News Of the World Lawyer Warned Email Was Fatal To Our Case Ahead Of Crucial James Murdoch Meeting   China 'targeted 48 chemical and military companies in hacking attack'   Attacks are latest in a long line of internet hacks aimed at industrial and military targets traced back to China
 A 5YearOld Girl Is Dying in Brazil Because Insurance Refuses to Pay for US$10,000 Surgery  The father of a girl who narrowly escaped Norway's summer massacre is campaigning for the country to ban Call of Duty.  Inflation grips China.  The $600 billion stimulus launched in 2008 is all but spent. They've stopped paying migrant workers, with more cuts on the way. Nearly half of China's wealthiest citizens are considering emigrating, with the United States and Canada the most popular destinations, according to a new report from the authors of China's rich list. Displacement of Palestinians 'a war crime' BBC News  Israel to speed up settler homes after Unesco vote Markets Slide After Surprise Referendum Is Set by Greece Occidental Petroleum Corp. gave millions of dollars to the Colombian army unit that carried out the coldblooded murder of three union activists Libya elects littleknown scientist new prime minister
| Reuters

 Law firm documents add to heat on James Murdoch Japanese MP drinks decontaminated water Protesters gather in southern France for G20  Security tightened in city of Nice as anticapitalism activists rally on eve of gathering of top world leaders. Live coverage of significant new evidence about the News of the World phonehacking scandal that is emerging from a tranche of documents published by the culture select committee European shares tumble on Greek referendum news Ai Weiwei ordered to pay $2.2m in taxes Israel approves ground operations in Gaza Wikileaks' Julian Assange loses extradition appeal In anticipation of a coup, Greece's prime minister fires all head military leadership New Documents Shows News Corp. Approved $1.2 Million Payoff After Learning of Fatal Evidence Plane carrying 230 passengers crash lands in Warsaw Israel rushes settlement growth after Unesco accepts Palestinians Paris offices of French magazine which published edition 'edited by Prophet Muhammad' damaged by petrol bomb
  Julian Assange will on wednesday learn the verdict in his fight against his extradition to Sweden
 Canada cuts its 10M$ yearly contribution to UNESCO Japanese MP nervously drinks Fukushima water under pressure from journalists Netanyahu trying to persuade cabinet to support attack on Iran
 India plans 'safer' nuclear plant powered by thorium Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu Considers PreEmptive Attack On Iran To Prevent Nuclear Capability | World News | Sky News Hacker Group Backs Away From Threat To Mexican Cartel Canada Freezes Voluntary Contributions to UNESCO After Palestine Vote Israel to speed up settlement construction in Jerusalem, West Bank  CNN.com The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has thrown his weight behind the St Pauls Cathedral anticapitalist protesters as he called for a new tax on banks.  Telegraph Anonymous retreats from Mexico drug cartel confrontation Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou insists that a referendum on a EU bailout will go ahead despite turmoil on world markets and stunned reactions from other eurozone countries. French magazine attacked after it portrays Mohammed
| Reuters

 Kyrgyzstan's election winner says US air base poses risk, must shut by 2014 after lease ends Arab League set to announce plan to end Syrian uprising   President Bashar alAssad's government has reportedly agreed to a plan to end the Syrian uprising. Leaked details include the release of all political prisoners, a new constitution, and free elections. Libya Al Qaeda flag flown above Benghazi courthouse Fukushima suffers setback as officials detect signs of nuclear fission. Traces of radioactive gas are detected at Fukushima's No 2 reactor  one of three that suffered core meltdown. Israel test fires missile; Iran in crosshairs Israel 'punishes' Palestinians over UNESCO