 Millions Are Starving in the Horn of Africa, but Nobody's Talking About it  
The UN calls the ongoing drought & famine in Somalia the worst humanitarian disaster in the world Files found at a Libyan government building show strong cooperation between the CIA and Muammar Gaddafi's intelligence agencies, including shipping terror suspects to the North African country for interrogation Hookers in Germany must plug prostitution parking meter to work on the streets, Bonn officials rule
 Mysterious person in radiation suit appears on Fukushima webcam China Increasingly Uses Tactic of Making Dissidents Vanish  NYTimes.com New species of ancient rhinoceros found in Tibet Vatican admits 'grave failures' in child sex abuse scandal News Corp. compiled secret dossier on lawyer representing phone hacking victims China offered Gaddafi huge stockpiles of arms  Memos found in Tripoli reveal  400,000 people protest across Israel New Shark Species Found in Food Market Vatican rejects Irish criticism over sex abuse  Earlier this summer an official report in Ireland found the Vatican had tried to block authorities from investigating sexual abuse cases. On Saturday, a month and a half later, the Catholic church struck back. BBC News  Italian town Filettino declares independence. The mayor says there is enormous enthusiasm about declaring the independence of the new principality.  12,000 Iraqi Civilians Died in Suicide Bombings, 
Study Says  NYTimes.com Egyptian military closing Gaza tunnels Assange could be prosecuted for the unplanned WikiLeaks release. Germany urges Turkey to end spat with Israel  As tensions mounted between former allies Turkey and Israel, Germany joined the EU and the United Nations Saturday in urging the countries to resolve the diplomatic spat. India, China lose Turkey, Argentina the new growth kings
 Moussa Koussa's secret letters betray 
Britain's Libyan connection  The Independent So, was this a war for oil? China begins anticorruption classes beginning in grade school, use reallife execution cases as textbook examples Why Is The Middle East Still In Thrall To 9/11 Conspiracy Theories? Wounded Syrian protesters being abused in hospitals  Security forces have kidnapped the wounded and even corpses in an effort to crush the antigovernment movement  Mozambique offered farmers from Brazil 50yr leases on 15 million acres of land an area equivalent to over 1/2 the acreage under cultivation in Iowa. The price is right $5.30 per acre vs. a going rate of up to $8,800 per acre in Brazil. Central Somalia clashes claim 30, many wounded  Heavy fighting in a town in central Somalia has left at least 30 people dead and 100 wounded.  Doctors Without Borders Somalia can't be helped War and corruption are responsible for famines, not droughts   UN Soldiers Caught On Video Raping A Haitian Teenager Angst for the educated A university degree no longer confers financial security Over 35,000 people convicted of terrorism in the ten years since 9/11 Turkey decides to challenge the Gaza blockade at International Court of Justice The appearance of one new legal high a week makes ban policy ridiculous
 General Vo Nguyen Giap, who led the Vietminh against France and the Peoples Army of Vietnam against the United States, is 100 today. More Afghan soldiers deserting the army, NATO statistics show   Iran's Bushehr nuclear plant connected to national grid Iran's first nuclear power station has been connected to the country's electricity grid, state news reports. New Wikileaks Docs Show Canadian ExMinister Bernier Offered To Leak Copyright Bill to US  Gaddafi son near Tripoli, meeting tribal leaders and preparing to retake the Libyan capital spokesman Canadas SeveredFeet Mystery  
Since 2007, 11 human feet have washed up on the shore near British Columbia& no one knows why. The spooky case that has authorities grimacing The CIA reportedly worked with the intelligence services of Gaddafi's regime Racism on the rise in Europe Report Turkey navy to escort aid ships to Palestinians in Gaza  Haaretz Daily Newspaper | Israel News Germany's CDU suffers losses in regional poll Opposition Social Democrats celebrate gains over conservatives in Chancellor Merkel's home state. WikiLeaks Hezbollah uses scare tactics on journalists African Union peacekeepers shot and killed Malaysian journalist covering the famine in Somalia, while a new burst of violence erupted in the central part of the country Israel promises reform after massive protests, but will it deliver? Libya rebel commander wants MI6 and CIA apologies Canadians feel pity instead of envy for America in light of economic downturn 2 Mexicans deny terrorism, face 30 years for tweet Libyan intelligence documents show ties to CIA Spanish health ministry asks Twitter to delete profiles that promote anorexia Wikileaks The chief minister of India's Uttar Pradesh state sent an empty private jet to get a pair of sandals from Mumbai. Iceland says it was bullied over bank debt Iceland's president accused European countries on Sunday of having bullied it into agreeing to guarantee repayment of the debts of a failed bank, reviving a dispute with Britain and the Netherlands whose citizens are owed billions. Giant crocodile captured alive in Philippines.  Tony Blair is one of Rupert Murdoch's 'closest friends' and godfather to his daughter as revealed by Murdoch's wife World War II in Photos The North African Campaign (45 photos) Over 60% of deforested areas in Brazilian Amazon are used for grazing cattle, while only 5% is used for agriculture, finds new government study  Having less than 1 head of cattle per hectare is unacceptable.   It's a waste...  Libya Newly found documents in Tripoli show that on July 16, statecontrolled Chinese arms companies offered to sell $200 million worth of rocket launchers, antitank missiles, portable surfacetoair missiles designed to bring down aircraft, and other weapons and munitions to Gaddafi. Eighteen dead, more than 50 missing and half a million evacuated as Typhoon Talas rips through Japan


 Rome monuments attacked by vandals Palestinians Expect 140 Nations to Back Bid Japan pummeled again typhoon rages through western Japan, at least 20 dead Turkish navy to escort aid ships to Gaza. 


5 people, including managers of 2 companies, have been charged with dumping toxic waste into China's Chachong Reservoir that could affect the drinking water for tens of millions of people Peak of Insanity?
Dutch Dream of Building Artificial Mountain Council of Europe demands truth on CIA lack sites' Syrias brave demonstrators What makes unarmed protesters defy snipers and tanks for months? Tony Blair revealed as godfather to Rupert Murdoch's daughter In an interview with Vogue, Wendi Murdoch reveals that Tony Blair godfathered one of her daughters when they were baptized in the River Jordan.  Are Turkey and Israel on a collision course? A retired Russian Police officer has been charged for organising the 2006 murder of journalist Anna Politkovskaya Does hard work pay off? Ask the Mexicans  It is revealed that Former Prime Minister Tony Blair is godfather to Rupert Murdoch's daughter. Rendition apology demanded from MI6 and CIA by Libyan Turkey to sign strategic alliance with Egypt Iran arrests teenagers for staging public waterfight, calling it 'very ugly immoral acts.' Israeli passengers arriving in Turkey detained by local police after their passports taken away from them Turkish PM suspends all ties with Israel Nigeria shifting currency reserves from US dollars to Chinese yuan Swiss National Bank says it will buy all other currencies in unlimited quantities, causing the Franc to drop 8% instantaneously. Indian politician(yes, statue/sandal jet lady) calls Julian Assange 'mentally ill' and offers to house him in an insane assylum after the leaked US embassy cables described her as a firstrate egomaniac. China is acquiring the means to win without fighting  to establish itself as Asias dominant power by eroding the credibility of Americas security guarantees, hollowing out its alliances and eventually easing it out of the region.  The French Interior minister has admitted that the secret service spied on a journalist from the newspaper Le Monde to trace the source of a leak that embarrassed President Nicolas Sarkozys party. Reluctantly, Europe Inches Closer to a Fiscal Union  The idea is to create a central financial authority [...] that could eventually turn the euro zone into something resembling a United States of Europe. Taiwan Developing New AirToSurface Missile Lawmaker  Designed to Stop a Chinese Invasion as it is Being Staged The African Union and the famine Look the other way  The government in Pakistan's Sindh province has decided to make the Chinese language a compulsory subject in schools. U.N. study savages U.S., European economic policy  The pursuit of austerity measures and deficit cuts is pushing the world economy toward disaster in a misguided attempt to please global financial markets, the annual report of the United Nations economic thinktank UNCTAD said on Tuesday.


 Phone hacking James Murdoch 'told of hacking email' Turkey threatens naval action over Cyprus drilling Man 'seizes child hostage' outside Sydney court A man with a suspicious backpack  possibly a bomb  is holding a child at a courthouse in a suburb of Sydney in Australia, local media say. Woman severs tongue of wouldbe rapist In a SPIEGEL interview, former German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder, 67, discusses the German government's learning curve in the euro crisis and his idea of a United States of Europe. He also addresses allegations that his government helped set the stage for the current common currency woes. Libyan army convoy in Niger may be Gaddafi deal | Reuters News Corp. Announces Layoffs as Phone Hacking Testimony Begins Turkey to impose more sanctions against Israel Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said his country will implement further sanctions against Israel. Libyan army convoys flee across Sahara carrying looted cash and gold The cost of doing business in Mexico now involves bribing drug cartels.
 Since the election of President Viktor Yanukovych in 2010, Ukraine has experienced a significant and alarming deterioration in its democratic framework.  UBS Quantifies Costs Of Euro Break Up, Warns Of Collapse Of Banking System And Civil War German hikers missing in Afghanistan found dead Major setback for agrobusiness European Court of Justice stops honey that contains traces of pollen from genetically modified crops  WikiLeaks Every law proposal, every ordinance, and every govt report hostile to the net, youth, and civil liberties in Sweden in recent years have been commissioned by the US govt and industry interests 43 die as Russian jet carrying KHL hockey team crashes after takeoff Three Men Hanged For Having Gay Sex In Iran China Increasingly Making Dissidents Disappear After 9/11 airports 'wasting billions' on needless security checks for passengers Remember the Indian Chief Minister who used a private jet to fly a pair of sandals? She's lashing out against the allegations and is calling Julian Assange insane. Wikileaks diplomatic cables from refer to her as corrupt and paranoid Safe nuclear does exist, and China is leading the way with thorium  Telegraph James Murdoch Is Toast as ExEmployees Say He Knew Payoff Implications   Cuba launches world's first vaccine against lung cancer  At least 45 people were injured and nine dead in a blast this morning outside one of the entry gates to the Delhi High Court complex crowded with visitors seeking entry into the premises. Internal security secretary said it was a medium to high intensity blast. Delhi has been put on high alert. Turkey set to sign military pact with Egypt after cutting trade ties with Israel. Politics in emerging markets  The new middle classes rise up  
Marxs revolutionary bourgeoisie finds its voice again BBC News  Swiss move to make its safehaven less attractive. I'm quoting it at length, because it's unlike any press release you're likely to have seen from a major central bank Prodemocracy uprisings are continuing in the Middle East and the Palestinians could soon declare statehood. SPIEGEL spoke with Arab League General Secretary Nabil Elaraby about the Syrian regime's use of violence and how the US has failed to force Israel to negotiate in good faith. UK abortion amendment defeated in the House of Commons China's stateowned firms profited $313 billion in 2010, but only handed in 5% to treasury; lavish spending out of control Death of a Syrian Doctor Why China wants a G3 world Jesus thumbsup ad 'disrespectful' EFF In South Korea, the Only Thing Worse Than Online Censorship is Secret Online Censorship India and Bangladesh sign pact on border demarcation, ending a 4decade old dispute. Israeli settlers vandalize IDF vehicles, apparently in retribution for demolition of three illegal homes in Migron Libyan fighters say Gaddafi 'surrounded' Military council official says toppled leader trapped within 60km radius and will be captured or killed soon.
 Swedish artist plunges to his death in Germany The Swedish car maker Saab Automobile files for bankruptcy in a selfmanaged reconstruction process. The lifetime ban on blood donations by homosexual and bisexual men will be lifted in England, Scotland and Wales Former head of MI5 (British intelligence) Torture is never right, even when lives are at risk and waterboarding by the US was a profound mistake The Palestinians have officially launched their bid to join the United Nations as a full member state, saying they will stage a series of peaceful events ahead of the annual meeting of the UN General Assembly later this month Italy grinds to a halt as THREE million strike over austerity package. .xxx domain suffix introduced in order to promote a responsible approach to adult content. Fortyseven percent of rich Chinese considering emigrating from China to protect their assets An Iraqi man died after suffering an appalling episode of serious gratuitous violence in a very serious breach of discipline by UK soldiers, a yearlong inquiry has found. South African murder rate dropped by 6.5% in 2010/2011,now *only* 15940 murders per year. United Nations The pursuit of austerity measures and deficit cuts is pushing the world economy toward disaster in a misguided attempt to please global financial markets The future for Kiribati, a lowlying Pacific nation threatened by rising seas, is so dire that the government is contemplating relocating the entire population to manmade islands resembling giant oil rigs Saab bankruptcy likely 'in days' In Fukushima, students face up to realities of nuclear disaster British Police Found Not Guilty in Kettling Children Did you know the civil war in Sudan did not end with the South's independence?  Two Sudanese states that fought on the South's side are part of the north state, and war is spreading through both of them now. Sarkozy administration, apparently, as part of a telecom bill in France, has added a clause that forces all French ISPs to have clauses concerning copyright infringement in their terms of service, which also force ISPs to ignore some basic principles of net neutrality The Swiss village of Lauterbrunnen is a magnet for thrill seekers looking to take part in the dangerous extreme sport of BASE jumping. In high season, they can be seen plummeting down through the air every minute or so. But a series of deaths has outraged locals. India, Mongolia Foster Closer Defense Ties Due to China's Growing Military Power Abuse and murder of Iraqi by British army 'appalling'  Europe  Al Jazeera English HeatSeeking Missiles Are Missing From Libyan Arms Stockpile Two men were arrested in Berlin on suspicion of planning a terrorist attack, after the police tracked their purchases of bombmaking materials Big Sucking Sound in Burma is China's Resource Grab Wikileaks Taiwan suggested possible deal with China  Taiwan's president said China could offer to eliminate missiles targeting the island in exchange for a US pledge to stop selling weapons to his government. Fitch Ratings said Thursday that China's credit risk has increased because local governments have become heavily indebted, with a lack of disclosure by financial institutions compounding the problem. Anders Breivik's manifesto reveals a subculture of nationalistic and Islamophobic websites that link the European and American far right in a paranoid alliance against Islam. Syrian forces pound city; Arab League is turned away Turkish Prime Minister Turkish navy will escort any aid vessel to Gaza. Vancouver lawyer Gail Davidson seeks Dick Cheney's arrest  The cofounder of the Lawyers Against the War wants Canada either to bar the [Cheney] from entering the country or, if hes allowed in, to arrest and prosecute him for torture, war offences, and crimes against humanity. An 85yearold World War II veteran who was jailed for six months in July for recording court proceedings with a trick pen has been freed by the Court of Appeal Magnitude 6.7 Quake Hits Vancouver Island, Canada Natoled forces killed BBC reporter in Afghanistan A U.S. military plane was forced down by a North Korean electronic attack in March Food Emergency How the World Bank & IMF Have Made African Famine Inevitable  
Lending policies pushed by the World Bank & IMF transformed a selfsufficient, foodproducing Africa into a continent vulnerable to food emergencies & famine  Australopithecus sediba skeletons found at the Cradle of Humankind site in South Africa are dated at 2 million years old, suggesting that the hominid species could be a missing link between apes and humans.  European Union tells Turkey to back off Turkish forces to escort aid to Gaza. Red Alert arrest warrant for Colonel Gaddafi and his son Saif AlIslam issued by Interpol In Shift, Irans President Calls for End to Syrian Crackdown President Ahmadinejad of Iran became the most recent, and perhaps the most unexpected, world leader to call for President Assad to end his violent crackdown of an uprising challenging his authoritarian rule in Syria.  Gaddafi forces threw detainees in metal containers with little water and air on a brutally hot day, and refused to let them out despite cries for help. 19 Suffocated Miss Colombia admonished for not wearing underwear Germany The state of MecklenburgWestern Pomerania has allowed neoNazism to fester in its rural areas by neglecting the needs of local people and failing to confront xenophobia headon Russia pins Soyuz failure to production line defect AntiIsrael sentiment high in Egypt But now, some Egyptians are also turning on their own governments handling of the diplomatic row. 
 S&P raises Israel's credit rating from A to A+  Francs for nothing The Swiss drive down the value of their currency WikiLeaks cables reveal Australian 'middle power diplomacy' on green issues  
Documents show a country under Kevin Rudd pulled in different directions by the US, China & Japan HeatSeeking Missiles Are Missing From Libyan Arms 
Stockpile  NYTimes.com The European Central Bank's chief economist has resigned. Jrgen Stark's decision to step down was reportedly due to a disagreement over the bank's policy of buying up EU sovereign debt to try to calm the markets. Fukushima nuclear disaster PM at the time feared Japan would collapse  
Naoto Kan said that Tepco considered abandoning plant after it was hit by tsunami Abbas urged to reconsider Palestinian statehood bid Abbas says Palestinian statehood recognition request reaches point of no return. China to build world's biggest airport EU Officially Seizes The Public Domain, Retroactively Extends Copyright 20 years France, Germany, Italy, Poland and Spain want to develop plan European Union military HQ Pakistan flooding disaster reaches epic proportions 2 million homeless  Arguably the biggest global story that is getting the least attention here in the west are the monsoon induced floods in Pakistan, India and Bangladesh. Pakistan is by far the hardest hit Ship carrying at least 600 sinks off Tanzanian coast; at least 45 dead and hundreds missing  680News Protesters in Egypt breach wall, enter Israeli Embassy A Follow Up On China's Most Famous Empty City UN Secretary General Palestinian statehood is 'long overdue'   Ban Kimoon says supports twostate solution for Middle East peace, adding that it was up to UN members whether or not to recognize an independent Palestinian state. Oil discovery in Cuba gets notice  The US is watching closely as Cuba prepares to exploit deepwater reserves.
 Cops under investigation for shooting civilians should be vague about how many times they fired their guns, a Canadian police lawyer recommends  Egyptians attack Israel embassy, ambassador said to flee


 Al Jazeera  Israel Pulls Envoy After Egypt Embassy Attack Israel facing 'diplomatic tsunami' with Arab neighbors North Korea's children starve as Kims lead anniversary rally Three dead, 1,049 injured in Israeli embassy protests in Cairo UK poppygrowing program kept hushhush 'Hundreds missing' in Zanzibar ferry disaster Palestinians forge ahead with UN statehood push. Are they ready? BBC News  Libya Concerns over missing weapons In Tripoli, forgiveness reigns for now Libya's National Transition Council in Tripoli is stressing reconciliation instead of revenge. But not all Libyans are convinced the goodwill will last. Former Pakistani President Gen Pervez Musharraf has said he is determined to return to Pakistan by March 2012, even if he is arrested.  The huge Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite (UARS) is expected to reenter Earth's atmosphere in an uncontrolled fall in late September or early October. Much of the spacecraft is expected to burn up during reentry, but some pieces are expected to make it intact to the ground  Sixth Egyptian soldier shot by Israel dies in hospital as a result of his injuries South Africa ANC Youth League president Julius Malema declares an economic war against the white minority BBC journalist 'mistakenly' shot dead by NATO troops in Afghanistan Israel asks U.S. to help protect embassy in Cairo after protesters attack building Egypts military has arrested 12,000 civilians & tried them by military tribunal, eclipsing Mubarak's 30 yr total Syrian soldiers executed for refusing to fire on protestorsdefectors increase, but no senior officers.  The Decade of 9/11 War Without End Chile the other 9/11 anniversary Israel approves plan to relocate 30,000 Bedouin from unrecognized villages Egyptian commandos save 6 Israelis in embassy attack With its Cairo embassy ransacked, its ambassador to Turkey expelled and the Palestinians seeking statehood recognition at the United Nations, Israel found itself on Saturday increasingly isolated. Shots fired from Egypt toward IDF vehicle on Israel border Taliban 'offered bin Laden trial before 9/11' 77 US troops wounded and 2 Afghans killed in attack on NATO outpost. Blast reportedly leaves 20foot hole in the wall. Mexican mother presses the case of her missing police officer son vanishing on his way to help police a violent town.
 Spanish warship rescues hostage from pirates Troops from a Spanish warship stormed a pirate skiff in the Gulf of Aden and rescued a French hostage missing from her yacht but found no trace of her husband, the EU antipiracy mission said. Gaddafi's son caught in Niger Greece on verge of default as doubt grows over 8bn bailout
 Arab Spring Over, Islamists, Generals and Old Regimes Battle for Power From Tunisia to Syria  Winter is coming  Libyans Find Mass Grave of Slain Detainees  TIME Germany's Euro question US tells Israel, Turkey to 'cool it' amid tensions (AP) Indian police have detained two people in connection with a bomb blast that killed 14 people outside a New Delhi court house last week Angry crowd attacks journalists reporting on embassy attack in Egypt Trying to lock away carbon dioxide in Iceland Egyptian Prime Minister Offers to Resign in Wake of Cairo Riots
 NATO military base in central Afghanistan attacked with significant injuries
     Muslim protesters burn US flag outside embassy in London Japan marks six months since disasters Ceremonies take place in Japan to commemorate six months since northeast coastline was devastated by quake and tsunami. Star of Spartacus blood and sand  dies aged 39 Egypt security forces raid Al Jazeera channel, arresting its staff
 The head of Britain's biggest union has urged a campaign of strikes and civil disobedience Taliban release statement on 10th anniversary of 9/11 attacks  categorically deny any involvement in 9/11 Lloyd's insurance says the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and its banks and charities, which sponsored al Qaeda, should pay the more than $215 million the insurer has spent on insurance settlements to families of the victims of 9/11 Pope marks 9/11 by warning that religion cannot justify violence Five arrested after police rescue 24 men kept as slaves on travellers' site BBC News  EU extends music copyright to 70 years Poisonous Rhinos Discourage Poachers 
      Turkish PM saw Gaza raid as grounds for war
with Israel | Reuters

 Parents say Indian hospital infected 23 kids with HIV
 More Than 60 People Have Burnt To Death After A Petrol Pipeline Exploded In Kenya German minister advises colleagues to shun Facebook New Evidence of Pakistan's Hand in the Death of a Journalist Swarm Troopers  
In Brazil, an army is being unleashed. It is an army like no other The soldiers' mission is to copulate rather than fight. And the troops are mosquitoes and caterpillars. Genetically modified to destroy their own kind  David Cameron has raised the Alexander Litvinenko case at the start of his bridgebuilding visit to Russia. Nuclear power plant explosion in France, radiation leaks feared. Former French President Jacques Chirac and former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin received an estimated $20 million in illegal cash from West African leaders Explosion at French Nuclear Plant, risk for radioactive leak. Turkish Prime Minister apparently saw the Gaza flotilla raid of last year as grounds for war between Israel and Turkey.  Ten Years After September 11  Terrorism is an affront to the human rights movement.Yet all too often, those leading the counterterrorism charge adopted the endsjustifythemeans logic of the terrorists, thus further eroding the value of human rights Home of Israeli leftwing activist defaced in latest 'price tag' act Death to Traitors British Parliament Invites Former IRA Supporter Peter King To Testify About Muslim Radicalization King will reportedly be the first member of Congress to ever address a committee of Parliament 150 Kenyans Incinerated While Gathering Gasoline From a Leaking Pipeline (With Video) Key military witness fails to show up at trial of Mubarak Japan Earthquake, Six Months Later [Pics] Saudi Arabia threatens split with US if Obama vetos Palestinian statehood bid Iran president US hikers to be freed 'in 2 days' UN recognition of a Palestinian state receives public approval in Europe Israel watches its old alliances crumble
 Israel Fears Complete Isolation  Israel's relations with Turkey are ruined, the Palestinians plan to seek UN recognition for their own state, the embassy in Cairo was stormed Jerusalem is under massive pressure. Even hardline Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is starting to sound conciliatory. Britain is set to change its financial laws. Officials say it's an attempt to prevent taxpayers from ever again having to spend tens of billions of dollars to save banks from collapse. Among other things, banks would be required to set aside more money as a cushion against possible losses. Japanese Seniors Send Us To Damaged Nuclear Plant. The Skilled Veterans Corps for Fukushima consists of more than 500 seniors who have signed up for a job that has been called courageous  and suicidal. Chinese language learning to be compulsory in Pakistani Schools from 2013 How China dominates solar power  
Huge loans from the Chinese Development Bank are helping Chinese solar companies push American solar firms out of the market The woman who wants to be Egypt's first female president As much as half of North Korea's army is starving as food shortages that were previously affecting only the civilian population worsen and begin to affect institutions tasked with protecting Kim JongIl's regime.  Church of Scientology in Australia facing backpay claims Global consequences. Indonesia An estimated 30,000 mentally ill people suffer in chains and cages due to stigma and lack of access to treatment No end in sight for oil in the Gulf of Mexico  Features  Al Jazeera English Shin Bet Israel's extreme rightists organizing into terror groups  Peace Now activist targeted with threatening graffiti in latest settler 'price tag' attack.  Why some Egyptians see military rulers as worse than Mubarak Egypt's military rulers this weekend broadened the use of the country's emergency law, a despised tool of Mubarak's regime, instead of lifting as they had promised to do. Egypt plans to revive emergency law Egyptian security forces said they will protect government buildings with live ammunition.
 Suicide bombers, gunmen attack U.S. embassy, NATO headquarters in Kabul Australia Navy cadet filmed rape 'to be accepted' You've Been Trumped Tycoon's ruthless efforts to build Scottish golf resort  How potential environmental damage has been disregarded because of the perceived benefits to the local economy EuroZone Exit Scenarios  Germany Plans for Possible Greek Default   The rest of the euro zone is losing patience with Greece. German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schuble is no longer convinced that Athens can be saved from bankruptcy. Italian government 'in bond buying talks with China' China's largest sovereign wealth fund is considering buying Italian assets, according to a report in the Financial Times.  Missing Tons of USSupplied Nuclear Weapons Material Dalai Lama Mexico is not so violent, blames media for reporting the crisis Vladimir Putin Action Man [pics] Sexabuse victims urge the International Criminal Court to prosecute Pope Benedict XVI for crimes against humanity Philip Murphy, the US ambassador to Germany, has written an open letter admonishing German jerks for racially abusing a black member of his staff in Berlin recently. The jobless young Left behind  The harm todays youth unemployment is doing will be felt for decades, both by those affected and by society at large | The Economist In India A Hindu Woman set on fire for giving birth to girl China Cracks Down on Gutter Oil, a Substance Even Worse Than its Name
 The good news Court exonerates wrongly convicted man of rape and murder charges. The bad news he was executed 14 years ago. Israel's naval blockade of the Gaza Strip violates international law, a panel of human rights experts reporting to a U.N. body said on Tuesday, disputing a conclusion reached by a separate U.N. probe into Israel's raid on a Gazabound aid ship. Internet troll jailed after mocking deaths of teenagers News Corp shareholders file new claims Israel to forcibly evict Bedouins from West Bank Peru declares state of emergency in Amazon 
    U.N. experts say Israel's blockade of Gaza illegal
| World
| Reuters

 Desperate Guatemalans Embrace an Iron Fist 'That is how desperate this country has become as gangs and Mexican drug cartels run feverwild, capturing territory and corrupting institutions so that Guatemala will remain a safe haven for cocaine, guns, money laundering and new recruits.' EU declares end to environmentally harmful subsidies Record numbers of golden eagles poisoned in Scotland in 2010 African women say rebels raped them in Libyan camp Drugresistant TB spreading fast in Europe
 Credit rating agency Moody's has downgraded two French banks because of their exposure to Greek debt Iran TV bans shirtless men and love triangles Banned Chinese writer Liao Yiwu escapes to America, speaks for first time In China, the biggest problem is brainwashing High Unemployment, yet Highly Skilled Workers in Short Supply | The Economist Netanyahu orders evacuation of Israel embassy in Jordan, fearing violent protests  Premier, FM Lieberman order diplomatic staff in Amman to return a day ahead of schedule over expected antiIsrael rallies.  Top EU officials warn that the EU itself could fall apart in the near future. Worlds biggest airport planned Iran blocks Tor; Tor releases sameday fix US tycoon Donald Trump's plea to Scotland's first minister over 'ugly' wind farm to be built near his luxury golf resort Berlusconi calls German Chancellor Merkel an unfuckable lardarse Dutch Doctors campaign against 'risky and painful' circumcision of boys  India to Give 6.8 million free Laptops to School children. Taliban and Nato engage in online flamewar on Twitter Driver refuses to let Australian Prime Minister on bus with other leaders, tells her to get on the spousesus instead Did anyone else miss the news that Egypt revived its emergency laws last week? Psychological Profile Of Anonymous Leadership  Leaked FBI document. Looks real. Anonymous a potential threat to national security. Leaders include Sabu, who shows compulsive behavior by correcting spelling on chat logs; Kayla, who claims to be a girl, but probably isn't Exposed After Eight Years  
More revelations on privacy breaches by UK media. Lead investigator from 2003 inquiry says authorities knew about vast scale of industry's illegal acts for past eight years. But they were too frightened to question journalists BBC News  New Australian passports allow third gender option Today Denmark got its first female prime minister. Helle ThorningShmidt! (article not quite updated) Egypt's Military rulers activate Mubaraks repressive media policies Rogue trader costs UBS $2bn

Shares in the Swiss bank dropped 10% after it reported the 'unauthorised trading' loss  which could push it into the red
 West Bank villagers' daily battle with Israel over water

AlAmniyr villagers in the West Bank face a catch22 if they obey the law they cannot collect water. But if they fail to water the land, they lose it anyway
 BBC News  China losing edge as lowcost manufacturer. Indonesia and Bangladesh are benefiting most as rising costs in China force firms to switch production Welsh miners trapped after colliery tunnel collapses 300ft underground China has called for major strategic concessions from Europe before agreeing to rescue the eurozone, chilling hopes for immediate purchases of Italian bonds.  Hungarian toxic chemical sludge spill firm fined  An aluminium producer in Hungary has been fined 472m euros ($646m) over a spillage of toxic sludge last year. Malaysia to scrap strict security laws Two controversial laws which allowed indefinite detention without trial will be abolished, prime minister says. Poland warns of war 'in 10 years' as EU leaders scramble to contain panic Syrian opposition unites in new council Syrian National Council of about 140 people to present united front against government following talks in Istanbul. Ahmadinejad's Impotence  

The paradox of today's Iran is that it is the ruling elites who have rendered the president politically irrelevant, not the protesters demonstrating in downtown Tehran. For many Iranians, this is a blessing and also a tragedy BBC News  UK taking legal action against European Central Bank The Eurozone Debt Crisis Is This A Banking Problem?  
 Europe has built a monetary union with an inherent flaw  the absence of a sovereign safety net, since the debts accumulated by member states have been incurred in a currency that none controls A glimpse of North Korea  The Big Picture It took three years, but the music industry has finally won. The Council of the European Union, where the various member state governments all have a say, voted without discussion to increase the copyright term in sound recordings from 50 to 70 years! Praying in Paris streets outlawed Phone hacking Met Police use Official Secrets Act to force Guardian to reveal sources Egypt Protesters Call for End to 'Emergency Law' AntiRoma Protests Turn Violent in the Czech Republic  For weeks there have been riots between Czech locals and newly settled Roma in northern Bohemia. What started as a series of brutal but isolated fights has grown into a popular movement in small towns along the eastern German border. There aren't many doctors in the village of Hari Ke Kalan, in the Punjab region of northern India. But for $1, residents can get an appointment in a health clinic with a physician appearing on a largescreen TV beamed in over broadband Internet Russian officials try to keep quiet the reporting of a toxic cloud in Chelyabinsk.   Chinese netizens angered by princelings  spoiled children of the rich and powerful A U.S. firm is planning a massive oil palm plantation in Cameroon. But critics argue that the project would destroy some of the key remaining forests in the West African nation and threaten speciesrich reserves Mexico Bodies of two people found hanging with sign warning websites from reporting on drugrelated violence The $2 Billion Swiss banking giant UBS Incident 'Rogue Trader' My Ass Drug cartels now extorting teachers in Acapulco WikiLeaks disclosures upset Mugabe  Cables from Harare embassy show even Mugabe's allies want him to go.
 China Consolidates Grip on Rare Earths By closing or nationalizing dozens of the producers of rare earth metals  which are used in energyefficient bulbs and many other greenenergy products  China temporarily shuts down most of the industry and crimping the global supply of the vital resources Swiss Catholic Church reveals scale of sex abuse by priests Bring back the cane to improve pupil discipline, say parents in UK Spain revives wealth tax to tackle debt  Spains Socialist govt has approved the reintroduction of a tax on the countrys wealthiest as part of efforts to tackle its budget deficit. The govt had scrapped a previous wealth tax in 2008.  Eight charged with supplying prostitutes to Berlusconi Pakistan companies ejected from London arms fair for 'promoting cluster bombs' Abbas lays out Palestine UN bid Vladimir Putin Berlusconi's Critics Are Just Jealous Of His Womanizing
 The situation seems to be worsening Bodies hanging from bridge in Mexico are warning to social media users  CNN.com S Korea holds North defector 'in poisonneedle plot' Prison doesn't achieve anything, says  UK Justice Secretary, speaking ahead of official figures, published yesterday, which showed that the prison population has hit another record high.  Women's sex strike ends fighting in Philippine villages The end of Israel as we know it Israel now finds itself isolated like no other time in the past 35 years.  Amazon pollution victims ask New York judge to award $8 billion in Chevron money & to oust judge who blocked their claim  
Ecuador's Secoya people, whose health was allegedly damaged by polluted water dumped by the oil giant, take fight to courts Famine Ravages Somalia in a World Less Likely to Intervene  Is the world about to watch 750,000 Somalis starve to death? Belgian Company Leads the Way In Landfill Mining  
seeks waste for recycling and energy generation, 
while reclaiming land Greek man sets himself on fire because bank will not refinance his mortgage.   In China, what you eat tells who you are  In a nation reeling from taintedfood scandals, organic products are mostly reserved for the rich and political elite. Chinese government officials have exclusive suppliers, who do not advertise. Catholic bishops criticize opposition plans to boycott pope Germany's political opposition plans to boycott a speech by the pope to parliament out of concern that it violates state neutrality. Catholic bishops, meanwhile, have criticized the move as unjustifiable. Appeals court cast doubt of the jurisdiction claimed by NY federal judge who prevented Ecuadorean natives from enforcing an $18.2B verdict against Chevron for dumping billions of gallons of toxic oil waste into Ecuador's water supply Is the world about to watch 750,000 Somalis starve to death?  Former Premier Of China Speaks  
Newly published speeches show Zhu Rongji to have been smart, forceful, sceptical when running China's economy a decade ago. His was the genius that kept the economy growing without overheating. Successors pale by comparison Military whistleblower tells of 'indiscriminate' Israeli attacks Israeli troops fired tear gas during a curfew in a West Bank village to stop peaceful demonstrations Social democrats oust the LiberalConservative 
government in Denmark Berlusconi is caught describing himself as prime minister in my spare time The Depressing Tale Of Johann Hari  
Theres a lot of media talk about Johann Hari, who admitted to stealing quotes from other journalists and passing them off as his own. And using a fake identity to attack journalists on Wikipedia.  Libya's rebels given seat on UN In Egypt protesters call for an end to the widely despised Emergency Law that allows civilians to be tried in state security courts and detained indefinitely Turkey may act with Iran against PKK in Iraq Wiretaps Berlusconi resented world leader meetings; enjoyed having sex with 8 girls a night much more. Putin speaks out in support. Tiny Burkina Faso Confronts Gadhafi's Enormous Legacy  
A window on former Libyan leader's influence in Africa. Probably a bumpy road ahead as Libya's new leadership reels in his extensive aid, investment and patronage networks across the continent Europe on Brink of 1930sStyle Economic Catastrophe Gordon Brown
 AntGaddaffi forces pushed back Finland's FM admitted last night's crisis meeting of European finance ministers was unlikely to resolve the dispute over her country's demand for collateral before extending loans to Greece  adding to fears over whether the eurozone will be able to get on top of its crippling debt woes. 
 Ethiopia Crackdown on Dissent Intensifies Moscow destroys central mosque Some longtime Muscovites, Muslim and not, were unconvinced, saying it was a historic monument that should have been preserved  The Titanic disaster meant a life of shame for its CEO. Not so BP's Tony Hayward  
'Moving on' from the Gulf of Mexico catastrophe, he's now set to make millions from a Kurdistan oil deal I found it peculiar that, even though the Americans have significantly worse fundamental data than the euro zone, that they tell us what we should do, said Maria Fekter, finance minister of Austria. I had expected that, when he [Mr. Geithner] tells us how he sees the world, that he would listen A 39yrold father has been arrested on murder charge for apparently knifing one of two burglars who broke into his home Norway FM We will recognize Palestinian state  In Chile, a 23yearold woman has been leading student protests against the government. Her actions pose a serious challenge to the government and may lead to a significant overhaul of the country's education system. First Results  Pirate Party 8.5% in Berlin state elections Matt Taibbi The $2 Billion UBS Incident  'There is much handwringing in the financial press as the UBS incident has reminded the whole world that all of the banks were almost certainly lying their asses off over the last three years, when they all pledged to pull back from risky prop trading.' Tony Blair made secret visits to Muammar Gaddafi Turkey We don't need U.S. mediation to end crisis with Israel Australia Recognizes Third Gender on Passports Berlusconi wiretaps reveal boast of spending night with eight women.Conversations show that Italian PM resented meetings with the Pope and world leaders interfering with his partying 6.8 earthquake hits NorthEast India at around 1240 GMT; No reports of casualties or damages yet. Siemens to quit nuclear industry. Netanyahu tells weekly cabinet meeting that he's not worried about General Assembly It is possible to pass any resolution there; says he's convinced US veto will ensure bid stops in Security Council. Egypt and Israel  Feeling the heat of isolation  Egyptians relish Israels growing discomfiture in the region. But they do not want another war Germany has called for the eurozone to go it alone if necessary and implement a financial tax despite opposition from the US and UK. EU finance ministers, meanwhile, called for European banks to be strengthened.  London Symphony Orchestra suspends four musicians who signed a letter opposing Israeli musicians' concert in London.  Caving to the Kremlin  Alexander Litvinenko died a horrible, painful death in London five years ago. The suspect, whom Britain wants to extradite, sits in Moscow. But is the British prime minister giving up the chase in favour of business and trade? Indonesian women stage skirt protest over rape remarks Chinese villagers vent fury outside solar plant Hundreds of Chinese villagers have spent three days camped in protest outside a solar panel plant, accusing it of dumping toxic waste into a river. Nick Clegg's Liberal Democrats vowed to fight ruthless and extreme forces in the Tory party to protect the British people from rightwing policies that would widen inequality and benefit the rich Gay British Muslims seek marriage  Experts Possibility of evacuating parts of Tokyo can no longer be ignored  Fukushima worse than Chernobyl  Bahrain Boils Under The Lid Of Repression  
The inconvenient Arab uprising. For the US, at least, which keeps its Fifth Fleet in the island Gulf state and has been conspicuously quiet about brutal suppression of antigovernment protests Pakistan may block Google, Youtube to deny terrorists communication source First projections see German Pirate Party at 8,5 % in Berlin state elections Pirate Party enters Berlin parliament after historical election win With an estimated 9% of the total vote they exceeded the 5% floor needed to enter the Berlin parliament; they will get 15 seats An American Idol style show in China was canceled because the voting process was viewed as too representative of Western Democracy Britain's junior partner in government calls for criminal penalties for personal possession to be scrapped, introduction of regulated market in cannabis China's State Run Newspaper If the US chooses to fly in the face of world opinion and block the Palestine UN bid next week, not only will Israel become more isolated but tensions in the region will be heightened even more.  IKEA founder pledges to double charitable spending following revelations that at the age of 17 he had been an active recruiter and a registered member of the Svensk Socialistisk Samling (SSS), the successor to the Swedish Nazi party. 

 Saudi Arabia sued over 9/11 attacks OPEC Plows Billions in Profits into Quieting Arab Masses  Saudi Arabia spends $43 billion on poorer citizens & religious institutions. Kuwaitis gets free food for a year. Algerian civil servants receive 34% pay rise. Desert cities in United Arab Emirates to get uninterrupted electricity.  Mideast riddle Strange stone structures caught on camera. They stretch from Syria to Saudi Arabia, can be seen from the air but not the ground, and are virtually unknown to the public The navigator of the Tu134 plane that crashed in June 2011 in northern Russia killing 47 people was drunk Police in Brazil say they have arrested two men suspected in the killings of two Amazon activists earlier this year. Big energy & mining groups 'hide accounts using secrecy jurisdictions'  
Report claims resourcerich countries are losing out because data from Shell, BP, & Glencore subsidiaries are unavailable US and European negotiators have urged Israel to refrain from taking punitive measures against the Palestinians if they press ahead with their bid to win recognition of a home state at the United Nations.  Chinese villagers accuse police of suppressing solar panel factory protest  
Riot police disperse protesters accusing firm of dumping toxic waste in Haining Over 5000 killed in Syria A new report more than doubles the death toll in Syria, rights groups launch charter for the recording of civilian casualties in conflict. Israeli PM says Palestine UN bid 'will fail'. Netanyahu tells cabinet meeting PLO attempt to become full UN member cannot succeed, saying talks are the only solution.  Sweden hit by 'substantial' oil spill  China and India Making Inroads in Biotech Drugs Chinese and Indian drug makers have taken over much of the global trade in medicines and now manufacture more than 80 percent of the active ingredients in drugs sold worldwide. Archeologists unearth evidence of zombie scare in medieval Ireland Italy seeks Chinese bailout Beijings role highlights the speed of U.S. decline and rise of BRICs Protesters storm elite military base in Yemen The end of an era in Iran  This year, we have elections at the end of the year ... everyone should be vigilant and attentive in order to guard the elections as a gift of God.  In Arab world, support for UN gambit close to unanimous  Poll shows 8 of 10 Palestinians support unilateral statehood declaration. Turkey threatened on Monday to give naval escorts to Turkish exploration vessels off Cyprus unless the Greek Cypriot government halted plans for a U.S. oil company to start drilling for natural gas.  Yemen protesters storm elite military base; 50 die
 Italy Proposes Law That Will Ban People From The Internet Based On Single Accusation Of Infringement From Anyone Oktoberfest 2011 [pics]
 A US court has overturned a block on Ecuadoreans collecting damages totalling $18.2bn from Chevron over Amazon oil pollution World's Deadliest Volcano Rumbles  it blew up two centuries ago with 10 times the force of Krakatoa and caused a year without a summer  AlJazeera's directorgeneral's career at the top of the most important news organisation in the Arab world ended on Tuesday when he was replaced by a member of the Qatari royal family. It was an abrupt and dramatic move that  raises fears for channel's independence. Saudi Arabia beheads Sudanese man convicted of 'sorcery' UN leader Ban Kimoon Monday accused big business of putting public health at risk to protect their own profits as he launched a summit on everyday diseases killing tens of millions each year. Hugo Chavez orders Venezuela's $29 billion in international reserves out of traditional havens in Switzerland, Britain and the U.S. to banks of its principal creditor nations  China and Russia. Explosion rocks downtown Turkish capital What Wikileaks Tells Us About Al Jazeera Is the rapidly expanding Middle East satellite television network and voice of the Arab Spring as independent as it claims? Head of Al Jazeera resigns Who Are the Pirates from Berlin?  
They are handy with computers and are interested in issues relating to the Internet. Is that all? Many Berliners have been scratching their heads about the true identity of Germany's youngest political party. But the answer is simple They're the new Greens. China closes solarpanel plant after protests. The solarpanel plant in the Chinese city of Haining was the target of four days of demonstrations by villagers who said it was causing air and water pollution. Its operator, JinkoSolar, apologizes.
 'Ready for change' Pirate Party is the real winner in Berlin state election   With 8,9 percent of the vote, the Pirate Party has successfully cleared the fivepercent hurdle to win seats in Berlin's state parliament. It's the party's chance to make its debut in Germany  but what is its platform? China says supports Palestinians' U.N. aspirations Robert Fisk Why the Middle East will never be the same again Economy enters 'dangerous phase' EU issues warning after Turkey, Cyprus energy exploration row escalates  Turkey's energy minister has threatened to launch a gas and oil exploration in the eastern Mediterranean if Cyprus doesnt abandon offshore drilling plans. The EU has called on both countries to resolve the dispute. More than a million people in central and western Japan have been urged to leave their homes as a powerful typhoon approaches. Abbas presses Palestinian UN bid, despite warnings New Devastating Pakistan Floods [pics] Chinese bank stops FX trades with European banks Japanese defense contractors get hit by cyberespionage effort Attackers target missile, shipbuilding, and submarine facilities Happy birthday, number seven billion Does Germany Owe Greece $95 Billion from WW II? Al Jazeera news director resigns after WikiLeaks disclosure reveals that the network edited its coverage of the Iraq war because of pressure by the US government Mexican President Caldern Hints at Drug Legalization Again  [If] the consumption of drugs cannot be limited, then decisionmakers must seek more solutionsincluding market alternativesin order to reduce the astronomical earnings of criminal organizations. Italy puts 7 scientists on trial for manslaughter for failing to predict earthquake that killed 300. 35 bodies found on a road in peak hour traffic in Mexico... Palestinian foreign minister says he was amazed by US efforts to persuade other countries not to support the membership effort The world's first unauthorized autobiography A draft of Julian Assange's book will be published after he backed out but didn't return the money. Iran Has Released Jailed Americans Website of Iraqi Ministry of Higher Education gets hacked (NSFW) Saudi Arabia executes man convicted of sorcery Turkey has come up with a radical solution for tackling crowd violence at soccer matches  ban the men and let only women and children in. Could the Pirate party's German success be repeated in Britain? Scottish nuclear fuel leak 'will never be completely cleaned up'  
The Scottish Environment Protection Agency has abandoned trying to remove all contamination from the north coast seabed UK Government considering removing living allowance from terminally ill people. Oh, and sending them worrying letters about it BEFORE it goes into law. Because if you're terminally ill, you need the extra stress.   Explosion in Amsterdam Turkey bombs Kurdish rebels in Iraq Typhoon heads towards Fukushima. Storm leaves four dead in central Japan as 130mph winds threaten to cause damage at nuclear plant. Al Jazeera head quits after CIA links row Al Jazeera's Wadah Khanfar on why he quit. In an interview with Al Jazeera, Khanfar discusses his decision to resign and dispelled suspicions that it was linked to political pressures There have always been pressures, but our editorial policy has never been swayed. Palestinian refugees will not become citizens of a new Palestinian state, according to Palestines ambassador to Lebanon China's Railways Ministry  worlds 4thlargest employer  refuses to compensate highspeed crash victims Mexico 35 bodies dumped on busy roadway by gunmen as motorists watched in horror Thirteen killed or missing as typhoon hits Japan 'Hell on earth' Detailed satellite photos show death camps North Korea still deny even exist BBC News  India Half a dollar a day 'adequate', says panel New Zealand teen banned from the internet after making bomb threats against the government in a Youtube video. Child rapist to get less time than pot grower (Canada) 
 Sonapur  Dubai's City Of Gold  
The men who build Dubai are housed out of town in cramped and dilapidated concrete quarters. They are granted very few rights and treated like indentured labour. This photo essay shows a little of what their lives are like France Breaks with Obama on Palestinian Statehood Issue China on Thursday angrily demanded the Obama admin cancel its plans to upgrade Taiwans aging fleet of F16 fighter jets, warning that the decision will harm U.S.China ties overall & military cooperation between the two countries. Greeks Ask Why All the Suffering?  

Greeks are wondering what the end game is. 
Increasingly Greeks see themselves as victims. One paper opined that the country was being placed on a sacrificial altar. French women fined for breaching veil ban  Paris court issues its first ruling on controversial new law passed in April after parliamentary approval. China disgusted by antics of 'capital playboys', an elite group of young property developers from rich families with money to burn, time to kill, filmstar girlfriends & a sense of entitlement Surprisingly, Norwegians are less open to extended antiterror measures after the recent terrorist attack on Oslo and Utya Global Stocks Tumble After Grim Forecast by the Fed The Curious Case Of The Vanishing Chinese City Sarkozy calls for observer state status at UN, while Obama urges more negotiations over Palestine UK to pay victims over 1972 Bloody Sunday massacre  Britain said Thursday it will offer compensation payments to the families of people killed and wounded on Bloody Sunday, a nearly 40yearold massacre by British paratroopers in Northern Ireland that fueled Irish Catholic support for the IRA. India temple Last treasure vault stays shut   The final vault at a temple in India's Kerala state should not be opened until treasure already recovered is fully documented, the Supreme Court says. Oxfam Warns of Spiralling Land Grab in Developing Countries  
Many of world's poorest being left worse off by unprecedented land deals, despite claims by governments & speculators Gas field to turn Blackpool into Dallasonsea  
Huge scale of natural gas field in England found Poll 70% of Israelis say Israel should accept UN decision Red Cross Obese outnumber hungry
 Suicide bomber with hidden explosives has killed Hamid Karzai's chief peace envoy in the heart of Kabul. Venezuela in talks on $6 billion settlement with Exxon Police in the UK stop recording race of people they stop Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff urges reform at UN Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has demanded a greater role for emerging nations in addressing the global economic crisis.  Company Said to Push Ugandans Off Land  According to Oxfam, the Ugandan government and a British forestry company forcibly expelled more than 20,000 people from their homes here in recent years. Scottish clan wants its tropical paradise returned Julian Assange on hacking Further accusations against Church of Scientology leader David Miscavige of violence. Scientists claim to have broken the absolute speed barrier  particles travelling faster than the speed of light. The first Syrian woman (18 years old) to be killed in custody  decapitated, arms cut off, and skin removed  all to put pressure on her activist brother to turn himself in. Bill Clinton Netanyahu to blame for failure of peace process In a suburb of Vancouver, antiwar activists are protesting that George W. Bush not be allowed in the city for an upcoming summit, calling him a mass murderer. Muslim nations demand Israel open its nuke program to IAEA viewing Wikileaks cables Chevron tried to shake off multibillion environmental claims in Ecuador by lobbying government officials, even as it blasted opponents for allegedly playing to the courts' corrupt and political side A man who burned to death in his home died as a result of spontaneous combustion, an Irish coroner has ruled. It is believed to be the first case of its kind in Ireland. Polio outbreaks in China have been confirmed Russia wants UN to ban antigovernment propaganda on Internet Palestinians to make statehood bid at UN World now has 'more people dying from obesity than malnutrition' President Abbas receives ovation at UN Palestinian statehood goes to UN in key moment for peace process Thousands riot in south China over gov's land grab sticks, bricks and fists British lawyer leading fight against News International crosses Atlantic to initiate proceedings targetting Rupert Murdoch and his son James. Best and worst countries to be a woman. Ahmadinejads antiU.S. speech prompts walkout at UN assembly Police with the worst records of targeting black people have decided to stop recording the ethnicity of the people stopped Palestinian Statehood Abbas Submits Formal Proposal To The UN Thousands of jubilant Palestinians cheer their president submit his historic request for recognition of a state of Palestine to the UN Germany Has 5 Trillion Euros of Hidden Debt, Handelsblatt Says India's Bias for Boys Leads to Illegal Gender Selection Abortions China police detain man over 'sex slaves' in basement Abbas Submits Palestine Statehood Bid to UN IAEA won't discuss Israel's 'nuclear capabilities' after Arab proposal dropped  Behindthescenes diplomacy at the International Atomic Energy Association leads to Arab states withdrawing their motion. Yao Ming urges Chinese to give up shark fin soup  New campaign hopes to stop sharkfinning  slicing off the fins of live animals & then throwing them back in the water to die  Medvedev proposes Putin for president in 2012 Abbas officially submits Palestinian application for full 
UN membership Canada's crime plans bewilder international observers Russia may legalize cannabis for agriculture, industrial use President Felipe Calderon OK on legalizing pot Universities in Bahrain should reinstate all students  who were expelled for attending peaceful protests BBC News  Big firms to get hotline to ministerial buddies EU given six weeks to protect itself against 'inevitable 
Greek default' Russia's Medvedev backs Putin for president China Detains Journalist for Article on Sex Slaves  NYTimes.com If he wore a condom, it wasn't rape Rape cases rarely appear in the Chinese justice system. Bullfighting in Barcelona to end with Catalonia ban Belgian parties reach 2nd breakthrough in 2 weeks 
in record talks to form new government Exofficials Iran nuclear effort hit by sabotage  assasinations, computer viruses, unexplained explosions, equipment failures Talent shows in China No voting please, were Chinese | The Economist Chavez foe launches presidential bid in Venezuela Peru's new government changes its drugfighting tactics We need to move from eradication to reduction. Syria The revolution will be weaponised. Journalist Nir Rosen discusses armed struggle with army officers who have defected to join the opposition. UN agency confirms raw uranium in Libya 
 Mission Clarity Pope Benedict's Blunt New World  It has been billed as Pope Benedict XVI's most difficult trip abroad to date. But so far in Germany, the pope has not sought to shy away from controversy. His bluntness has surprised many  and could transform the visit into a rousing success You Should Be Ashamed!  Russian democracy, civil society, and economy may all look bad from the outside. But to hear Putin talk, its the West that should be embarrassed. Damned if we do impose sanctions on Syria. And damned if we don't  Foreign companies are enriching Assad's brutal regime  but even the Syrian people are divided on the issue of sanctions Bogota mayor Samuel Moreno jailed pending trial The mayor of the Colombian capital, Bogota, has been sent to prison pending his trial on corruption charges.  Bolivian official held at highway protest Marchers opposed to a highway that Bolivia plans through an indigenousinhabited nature preserve have briefly detained the foreign minister in the country's eastern lowlands.   BBC News  Women in Saudi Arabia 'to vote and run in elections' Pirate Party  Children of Marx and Microsoft  They demand transparency and direct democracy, and almost one in ten voters in Berlin gave them their vote. The Pirate Party is no longer just a party for Netnerds in hoodies, but represents demands from across society.  BBC News  Muslim peace conference condemns terrorism Obama rescinds Bush order, sends 55 unker busterombs to Israel China cancels dog meat festival after tens of thousands complain online Mecca for the rich Islam's holiest site 'turning into Vegas' On The Desert Trail Of Tony Blair's Millions  
Tony Blair has an interlocking web of jobs, and professional and commercial interests. Among them, he works simultaneously for JP Morgan, his own consultancy and as a Middle East envoy. Whatever happened to conflict of interest? [French link] The French left wins a majority in the Senate for the first time in the 5th Republic Tony Blair had six secret meetings with Col Gaddafi in the three years after he left Downing Street The World Bank has announced it is increasing funding for the drought in the Horn of Africa to nearly $2bn.  India backs Palestine PM at UN General Assembly  Iran, Russia, and China are considering a joint missile shield in response to a NATO missile shield Red squirrel and hedgehog on verge of extinction in UK Police find decapitated body of Mexico newspaper editor Tony Blair is Making a Lot of Money  
New investigations by the British press are about to reveal how Amnesty International New evidence of Syria brutality emerges as womans mutilated body is found Gunfire heard from a compound believed to house the CIA office in Kabul. West Bank tensions grow as Jewish women settlers learn how to use guns Turkey imposes arms embargo on Syria, PM 
Erdoan says they have cut all contacts with 
Damascus. Arrests in Nigeria after gangrape posted on internet The Nigerian police have arrested two people in connection with the gangrape of a woman posted on the internet.  Turkeys prime minister has signaled a joint military offensive with Iran against their common enemy Kurdish rebels based in northern Iraq. Worried Greeks Fear Collapse of Middle Class Welfare State Radioactivity in Japan Rice Raises Worries Radiation Levels Prompt More Tests Mass grave found near Tripoli prison A Plea for the Palestinian Cause  Abbas Appeals to the World's Conscience Egypt's revolution has become a military coup Egypt's army, which continues to cement  and flaunt  its grip on power, appears to have hijacked the revolution Cancer drug trial halted in UK for being too successful Doctors at the Royal Marsden Hospital in London concluded that it would have been unethical not to offer it to all 922 cancer patients on the trial after the drug was shown to ease pain and cause only minor sideeffects Barcelona Holds its Very Last Bullfight  Fans mourn, opponents cheer Britain's Lib Dems overwhelmingly adopted a resolution supporting the decriminalization of drug possession and the regulated distribution of marijuana... UK bans marching for 30 days RIP Wangari Maathai, Africa's first female Nobel Laureate & renowned environmentalist Saudi Arabia to give women right to vote Saffron could displace opium poppies as Afghans cash crop of choice  The Globe and Mail Greek students interrupt state TV news programme. The youths held up a banner reading Stop watching and get out onto the streets You Were Expecting Statehood?  
As the Palestinians learned last week, the U.N. serves the interests of great powers. Just as it was meant to. Two Tibetan Monks Set Themselves On Fire In China Online activists hack official Syrian sites  Several government websites defaced by Anonymous, as crackdown on protests in Homs and elsewhere continues. HRW urge the Canadian gov't to be prepared to bring criminal charges against former U.S. vicepresident Dick Cheney when he visits Vancouver on his book tour next week A mass grave with the remains of 1,700 prisoners killed during a notorious crackdown by Muammar Gaddafi's regimehas been found, the country's new rulers say. Greece prepares to default within the euro BRICS plan to revive the global economy 
Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa are worried about the world economy and they want fundamental reforms. Will The IMF Save The World?  
A potential recession in the eurozone and a weak recovery in the United States does not make for a world crisis. Beware people who demand that the world be saved  usually they are making the case for a bailout of some kind Zambian election results check Chinese influence in Africa  The election victory of King Cobra Michael Sata is a blow to Beijing.
 Iran, India, Pakistan, & Mongolia have most polluted cities in the world  
World Health Organisation's 1st global survey of fine particle pollutants says Canadian & US towns among cleanest Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Proved Israel Doesn't Want Peace Sarkozy aide's wife claims he handled ags of cash' for illegal political funds  Europe  Independent.co.uk Woman decapitated in Mexico for web posting... UN Security Council to consider Palestinian membership Israel and Palestine give up on America Turkey 'hunts down' Israeli commandos on Facebook Turkey's PM asks Why are UN sanctions promoted as a means of dealing with Iran and Sudan, but taboo with regards to Israel? BBC Speechless As Trader Tells Truth The Collapse Is Coming...And Goldman Rules The World Iraq to buy US warplanes worth $3 billion Blast destroys Egyptian gas pipeline supplying Israel and Jordan Saudi woman to be lashed for defying driving ban. Share Traders More Reckless Than Psychopaths, Study Shows Ireland tortured its children, says Amnesty  The abuse of thousands of innocent children in state and churchrun institutions in Ireland amounted to torture, a scathing report from Amnesty has found. The Watchtower, the magazine for Jehovah's Witnesses, is under investigation by British police, after complaints that it is in breach of religious hatred laws
 Mikhail Gorbachev, the man who presided over the breakup of the Soviet Union, has warned Russia risks six lost years if Vladimir Putin returns to the presidency. Two thousand years after they were written and decades after they were found in desert caves, some of the worldfamous Dead Sea Scrolls went online for the first time on Monday [26 September 2011] in a project launched by Israel's national museum and the web giant Google. The 'Worm' That Could Bring Down The Internet  NPR BBC denies market trader who earlier claimed he 'dreamed of another recession' was a member of the 'yes men' hoax group An explosion destroyed an Egyptian pipeline in Sinai that supplies Israel and Jordan with gas. Mutilated woman, slain brother become symbols of Syria's pain  CNN.com French police round up Roma people in 
Marseille Powerful Typhoon Nesat hits Philippines World's Engineers Say They've Solved Carbon Crisis UK Liberal Democrats Overwhelmingly Back Overhaul of Drug Laws Brazilian cops arrested in judge assassination probe SAUDI ARABIA Woman sentenced to flogging for driving Egypt's 1st postMubarak election to begin Nov. 28 StraussKahn seeks dismissal of assault case, claiming diplomatic immunity  Former IMF chief Dominique StraussKahn has filed for a civil case against him to be dropped on the grounds of diplomatic immunity. He said the false sexual assault claims had hampered efforts to right the economy. Young Iranians risk police raids to party together Dalai Lama made to wait for South African visa  Delay in granting visit visa to Tibetan spiritual leader triggers speculation that Beijing is pressuring Pretoria. Ireland Printing Its Old Currency, Just in Case  Ireland's central bank reportedly is printing Ireland's old currency in case the country leaves the eurozone. Japans ruling party proposed a 9.2 trillion yen ($120 billion) tax increase and selling the governments stake in Japan Tobacco Inc. to fund rebuilding from the March 11 earthquake and nuclear disaster. 'Voting is worthless'? Global protests share contempt for democracy  From India to Israel to Spain, and even on Wall Street, demonstrators appear to have little faith in the ballot box More Trouble For Chevron Company Loses Latest Stage of Amazon Pollution Battle A US appeals court unfroze an $18 billion damages award over contamination of an indigenous tribe's land in Ecuador Israel allows settler expansion Israel, Rejecting Palestinian Demands, Plans Housing Outside 1967 Boundaries Europe and US condemn Israel settlement plans Yemen's Unhappy Ending  Sometimes, the bad guys win. Putin, the last Czar Hunt on for Russian nuclear smuggler... NATO soldiers, Kosovo Serbs injured as border violence flares After being threatened with a lawsuit by the Hollywoodfunded antipiracy outfit BREIN, a Dutch payment provider has handed over the personal details of a torrent site owner European Commission presents financial transaction tax Al qaida tell Ahmadinejad to end 9/11 conspiracy theories. Bulgaria's Ethnic Clash  Riots sparked by Roma indifference Israeli Parliamentarians Respond to Bid for Statehood by Calling for Annexation of West Bank India To Begin Production of Nuke Missile Indian army to hold joint exercises with 16 friendly forces (US, UK, France, Russia, Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Nepal, Maldives, Seychelles, Singapore, Indonesia and Thailand) Was the BBC victim of a hoax? No, say the Yes Men AP reveals details of corporate espionage campaign that calls into question ethics of former News of the World editor Piers Morgan Syria 'targeting Homs scientists' A nuclear physics professor has been killed outside his home in the Syrian city of Homs, the latest in a series of deaths of scientists in the city. Syrian tanks pound antiAssad fighters for 2nd day
 Chinese police sorry for failure to unearth deadly sex dungeon A military court in Bahrain upholds life sentences for eight Shia activists convicted over their role in protests earlier this year. The World from Berlin Obama's EuroCrisis Lecture Is 'Pitful and Sad' Return of the Islamists  A Questionable Form of Freedom for North Africa Denmark taxes fatty products  Denmark is to impose the world's first fat tax in a drive to slim its population and cut heart disease. Saudi King Abdullah has revoked a sentence of 10 lashes imposed on a woman for breaking the ban on women driving in the conservative kingdom Christian Pastor sentenced to death in Iran A court in Bahrain jails 20 medics who treated protesters for up to 15 years Europe supports Palestinian statehood  The right of Palestinians to advance in the international community as an independent state is unquestionable, the European Parliament declared. Just 60 babies a year adopted in England  
Thousands of children are being held in limbo in care homes, secure units & temporary fostering Australian women will be allowed to serve in frontline combat roles after the government said it was dropping all gender restrictions for the military I Can Find An Indicted Warlord  
His name is Bosco Ntaganda. He owns a bar, a farm and a mansion in Goma, eastern Congo. And the ICC has a warrant out for him. So why isn't he in jail? Because his gang pretty much runs Goma. If you cross him, he kills you. Or worse France threatens military action against Iran Fracking & Drilling Coming to the Famous Waters of Bath  There's great concern the shale boom will ruin the deep water sources that supply the natural hot springs MEXICO Supreme Court ruling says life begins at conception  Japan 'scared' of telling truth to Fukushima evacuees A former adviser to the Japanese cabinet has revealed the government has known for months that thousands of evacuees from around the Fukushima nuclear plant will not be able to return to their homes. Be afraid  Unless politicians act more boldly, the world economy will keep heading towards a black hole Egyptian security forces have stormed the offices of AlJazeera Egypt, confining its journalists to one room and confiscating equipment. Saudis export antiChristian and antiJewish textbooks across the world  Report The human cost of chocolate In Africa, an Election Rejects Chinese Involvement Nokia to axe another 3,500 jobs Japan tsunami 10m yen donation found in Tokyo toilet Water supply nearing limit for food production just to relax, here's a little game how much do you know about italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi? Palestinian statehood bid kicked into committee by UN security council Western governments shy about defending human rights; liberty declined for the fifth year in a row.  Rampant cheating at Chinese games exposed The Chinese desire to win at all costs has created a culture of rampant cheating among athletes, including one team of men who donned wigs to compete in a female dragon boat race, according to a report by sports officials. 

Al Jazeera correspondent Gabriel Elizondo paints a shocking portrait of life in the Brazilian Amazon through the story of a couple who lived & died for the rainforest Australian girl gets court to place her on airport watch list to stop her parents from forcing her into an arranged marriage in Lebanon. Mexico City considers fixedterm marriage licences
Politicians propose bill to help newlyweds avoid pain of divorce with marriage contracts of minimum of two years Filipina maid wins landmark Hong Kong case  High Court ruling could could lead to more than 100,000 foreign maids winning right to residency.  Islamist cleric Anwar alAwlaki 'killed in Yemen' Russian President Dmitry Medvedev says he decided not to run for a second term because Vladimir Putin is both more popular and more authoritative. Another billionaire stands up to the Kremlin In Moscow, NY Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov spoke truth to power and promised bold change. It didnt go well. UK cod collapse due to overfishing & politics  

Criticism follows EU's recommendation to stop cod 
fishing in Irish Sea & off west Scotland Spain Nationalizes 3 Banks After Cash Injections Anwar alAwlaki, , AmericanBorn Al Qaeda Leader, Is Killed in Yemen S. Korea's education obsession The mission is as simple as it is counterintuitive to find children who are studying after 10 p.m. And stop them. Top French cop arrested on drug trafficking claims A Taiwan military tribunal confirmed that Air Force private Chiang Kuoching had been wrongfully executed in August 1997 for the rape and murder of a fiveyearold girl! Error & Trial Are 6 Italian Scientists Facing Manslaughter Charges &  Prison  for Failing to Predict an Earthquake, or Failing to Clearly Communicate Their Findings?   Their Hearing Resumes This Weekend  Explosions Rock Royal Dutch Shells Singapore Refinery   Worst fire there in 23 years shuts down Shell's biggest refinery   UK Ministers are preparing for a massive expansion in electronic tagging of offenders, with private security companies being invited to bid for more than 1bn worth of contracts  India's workaholic Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has not taken a holiday since he took the top job in 2004
 BBC News  Drug bust at Boeing defence plant in Pennsylvania Serbia bans gay parade, all gatherings  BBC News  Banned activist Raed Salah wins UK unlawful detention case China manufacturing eases for 3rd month, prices up Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has said he will not stand down as promised if his opponents are allowed to stand in elections to succeed him.  Undercover Al Jazeera reporter in Bahrain  48 hours in Sanabis AlQaeda cleric Awlaki killed in Yemen  Government officials say USborn religious scholar with links to alQaeda was targeted in alJawf province air strike.  Dalai Lama Man of Many Faces Exile, Spiritual Leader, Politician [Pics] Iran Announces It Is Sending Its Navy To Patrol Waters Near The U.S. The Supreme Court of Canada has opened the door to supervised drug injection clinics across the country in a landmark decision on Friday that ordered the federal government to stop interfering with Vancouvers controversial Insite clinic.  A member of the British Parliament is urging the countrys government to ban churches from performing any marriages if they also refuse to perform samesex marriages. Yemen over 1,400 killed since the clashes between prodemocracy protesters and security forces began in February Cigarette vending machines banned in England Chinese state TV launches to 'America the Beautiful' For Greek rich elite, the taxman cometh Greece names and shames tax cheats Gold or Water? A Deadly Debate  To protect their water supply, Salvadorans are trying to ban corporate gold miningand facing threats and violence as a result. Japan's whale hunt to resume reports   Media reports in Japan say the country will go ahead with this season's whaling hunt in the Antarctic. Rwanda genocide court jails former ministers Two former Rwandan ministers have been sentenced to 30 years in jail by the UN war crimes tribunal for involvement in Rwanda's genocide in 1994.  A Pakistani antiterrorism court today convicted and sentenced to death a police guard who assassinated the Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in January for calling for changes in the country's controversial blasphemy law.  Falling Man  Profile of Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh. Farsighted reformer in 1990s; now his skills seem to have deserted him. His timidity, complacency and intellectual dishonesty will make him a tragic figure in our history Dutch Coffee Shops close their doors to most cannabis tourists Italys tottering prime minister  How much longer can Silvio Berlusconi go on? Hundreds of leftwing activists protest throughout West Bank Holy Vladimir, Pray for Us. A Russian Sect Honors Putin as a Saint Source UN wont advance Palestinian statehood bid until diplomacy option exhausted  United Nations panel considering Palestinian application for full UN membership will drag on dealing with technical matters for several weeks, says a senior Western diplomat. The Indians are throwing money at their own favourites in Afghanistan, he says, and the Russians and Iranians are doing the same. So Pakistan must play the game too. Except we have no money. All we have are the crazies. So the crazies it is. Myanmar calls surprise halt to controversial Chinabacked dam Critics led by prodemocracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi have argued that the dam would hurt the ecology of the Irrawaddy River, displace at least 10,000 people and submerge culturally important sites. Syria unrest Troops 'retake most of Rastan'  Syrian forces have retaken most of the central town of Rastan after days of fighting with defectors who had joined protesters, an activist group says. The Death of Jihad's EnglishLanguage Mouthpiece  
Anwar alAwlaki was one of alQaida's most important propagandists and influenced a number of attackers and jihadists Conservation Program Mourns Big Cat Lost in Tragic Fight A critically endangered South China tiger has killed another of its kind, sad news for efforts to save this rarest tiger subspecies from extinction Brazil announces troop pullout of Haiti  Defence minister says partial withdrawal will begin next March as UN cuts stabilisation force accused of outstaying welcome
 A letter from the SecretaryGeneral of the United Nations, Ban KiMoon, expressing concern about the future of our planet with respect to the birth of the sevenbillionth person.  We, the women of entire Jammu and Kashmir, from both sides of the LoC desire peace ... and an immediate end to the protracted conflict. We demand the inclusion of women in all peacebuilding and peace negotiations/dialogue on Kashmir. Iranian pastor faces death for rape, not apostasy German Politician Violates His Own TwoStrikes AntiPiracy Plan Siegfried Kauder was hosting at least two photos on his website which were taken from a photo sharing site without permission Thousands of Australian schoolchildren are being forced to sing an alternative version of the Australian national anthem that installs Christ as the country's head of state and removes any reference to the Southern Cross Invasion of the body scanners in UK We'd all better get used to it  privacy could soon be a thing of the past, even at stations
 UK Home Secretary calls for the scrapping of the Human Rights Act warns that the Act is hampering the Home Offices struggle to deport dangerous foreign criminals and terrorist suspects Forests across the world dying off as climate warms Millions of acres of pines in northern and central Rockies are dying  just one among many types of forests that are showing signs of distress these days Goodbye to The Yakuza New Laws Take Effect in Japan  Bulgarian nationalists stage antiRoma rally Hundreds protest in central Sofia as tension with impoverished and ostracised minority group escalates. Greece to Miss Deficit Targets for 20112012  ABC News Egypt's ruling military council has decided to amend an article of an election law, state media report, following demands from protesters. Somali pirates kidnap disabled French woman on Kenyan island  David Cameron agrees with Theresa May that the Human Rights Act should be replaced by a British Bill of Rights Syrian dissidents form leadership council Most serious step yet to unify fragmented opposition  Pakistan's blasphemy laws continue to provoke murder and mayhem The death sentence passed on assassin Mumtaz Qadri sparked demonstrations in Pakistan. Qadri killed a politician for supporting a Christian condemned for blasphemy The First InDepth Look At A Nazi 'God Of Death'  Reinhard Heydrich, one of the principal orchestrators of the Holocaust, was the only highranking Nazi to be assassinated. Usually seen as young, evil god of death. But what made him follow such a path of terror? Niger won't extradite Saadi Gaddafi to Libya  Why Being Forced into Military Labor Can Be a Death Sentence for Convicts in Burma In Yemen, One Islamist Is Dead, Many More in Arms Bulgarian rally links Roma to organised crime About 2,000 Bulgarians have marched in the centre of the capital, Sofia, in an antiRoma protest. Newwave Chinese tourists head to Taiwan  Marking a crossstrait thaw, Taiwan seeks to turn goodwill into tourist dollars.
 Nation o' Drinkers Scotland Takes on Alcohol Abuse NATOs Libya mission could end next week, U.S. general says  The default retirement age in the UK has been fully abolished after being phased out from April this year. Could Pakistan dump the U.S. for 'allweather friend' China? Palestinians rally in support of 6.000 hunger striking prisoners in Israeli jails Plutonium detected outside Fukushima nuclear plant