 Wikileaks releases cable of the July 1990 meeting between thenUS Ambassador to Iraq, April Glaspie, and Saddam before the Kuwait invasion Saddam's message of friendship to President Bush The WikiLeaks saga has a message . . . Your day is over. There needs to be a better, more open, more transparent way of conducting policy and politics. Because wherever democracy is broken, the social internet will find a way around. In China, in Iran and yes, even in our precious European Union. 7.1 magnitude earthquake hits Chile. Lack of Jobs in Southern Europe Frustrates the Young  even multiple degrees and five languages are not enough to land a paying job The Village Where the NeoNazis Rule.  Hitler salutes in the street, firing practice in the forest NeoNazis have taken over an entire village in Germany, and authorities appear to have given up . The place has come to symbolize the far right's growing influence in Germany. Settlers set fire to home as seven Palestinians sleep inside Actor Pete Postlethwaite dies ( WikiLeaks Israel Plans Total War on Lebanon, Gaza  The paper says that US cables quote Gen. Ashkenazi telling the US congressmen, I'm preparing the Israeli army for a major war, since it is easier to scale down to a smaller operation than to do the opposite. Leaks reveal USA and Germany are collaborating on next generation spy satellites called the HiROS project. The spy satellites will make it possible to monitor any spot on earth, down to 50 cm  with fresh images 35 times a day. Vietnam's Mammoth Cavern  Photo Gallery  A massive cave complex has been discovered in Vietnam and the pictures are incredible. This is the cave that Donald Trump would claim. It has a jungle. You can build a skyscraper in part of it. Waterfalls? Got those too.  Aftershocks Welcome to Haiti's Reconstruction Hell  Dispatches from the tent cities, where rape gangs & disaster profiteers roam Wikileaks US recommends drawing up list of countries for 'retaliation' over opposition to genetic modification  Gunther von Hagens, the German anatomist famous for his Body Worlds shows of preserved corpses, has told a German newspaper that he is suffering from Parkinson's disease. He is preparing to become an exhibit himself, he said.  Nearly 200,000 Indian farmers have killed themselves in the past decade.  Mention of indian caste system in Malaysian text book has Malaysian Indian Congress up in arms who said they would rather forget such a thing ever existed and don't need to be reminded of it Anonymous lends a hand to Tunisian protesters Take down Tunisian government and stock exchange websites, deface with manifesto N Korea to spend 100 million on new offices & cribs for jr dictator 'The English language has almost doubled in size in the past century as we are living in a rich linguistic peak' China boasts breakthrough in nuclear technology Investigation closes in on German weapons company  Police recently searched the offices of German arms company Heckler & Koch in connection with allegedly illegal weapon exports to Mexico used in the drugs war. One manager involved in the deal has already resigned. Ugandan high court rules Rolling Stone newspaper cannot out homosexuals as planned.  Three men already outed receive damages. Japan Pushes Away Skilled Immigrants Despite Aging Population Anticipating a WikiLeaks disclosure, Bank of America has begun scouring its own records for damage control. Greece decides to construct a fence along its border with Turkey to fend off an ongoing flood of economic migrants from the Middle East and North Africa. Israel extends a sixmonth ban on the immigration of Palestinian Arabs married to Israelis. Punjab(Pakistan) governor Salman Taseer assassinated in Islamabad Some Christians have predicted the end of days by May 21st.  I'm challenging them to bequeath me their property on May 22nd. If Youre Homeless In Japan, Here Are Your Options And so it starts...Sri Lanka considers banning miniskirts , removal of billboards featuring scantilyclad women ...The Lakbima News newspaper said miniskirts could be banned if the cultural ministry had its way under a new era of moral purity. Saudi Arabia announces that all online publishing (news, forums and blogs) must be registered and licensed     
    
	 Arab News A 15yearold girl is more likely to die in childbirth than finish school in Southern Sudan As Hungary takes over the rotating presidency of 
the European Union, Prime Minister Viktor Orbn 
has introduced a new law aimed at gagging the 
media. The Facebook generation is up in arms. But 
Orbn remains largely unchallenged in his country, 
where most people have other worries. WikiLeaks Drug Enforcement Agency Goes 
Global, Beyond Drugs. The US Drug Enforcement 
Administration has grown into a global intelligence 
organization whose reach extends far beyond 
international drug trafficking. A huge Dragon tower to be built on border between Wales and England The extremely long history of incorrect Israeli predictions about when Iran will obtain a nuclear bom Remember the Iranian nuclear scientist who defected to the US, then years later suddenly claimed he'd been kidnapped by the CIA in Mecca, then returned to Iran with a parade? He's now being tortured in Iran. The Dubai Job  How Mossad killed top Hamas official Mahmoud AlMabhouh in Dubai a year ago. Epic story sourced from Dubai's chief of police. Much cloakanddagger detail, including wigs, lockpicking, forged passports, undetectable poisons TooBigtoFail Banks Face New Limits Under EU Naziera mass grave discovered in Austria  A hospital cemetery in western Austria could contain the remains of up to 220 disabled people thought to have been killed by the Nazis as part of their euthanasia programme. Flooding in Australia Reynaldo Dagsa was taking a picture of his family when he was fatally shot [PIC] Volunteer Cyber Army Emerges in Estonia. Cartels carve bloody swath through Central America In Guatemala, alleged members of Zeta cartel say war will start in this country. Greece plans to build a 12.5km fence at border with Turkey to prevent immigrants from entering the country. Argentina's 'impressiveank heist   Al Jazeera  Iran invites nations to nuclear plants 
Iran to open its atomic sites to some world powers, US not invited. Japan to Propose Closer Military Ties With S. Korea Crocodiles, snakes are danger in flooded Australia  Bloomberg U.S. agents are armed with insider information that could help lead them to top Mexican drugcartel leaders, thanks in part to a Houstonian who was a member of an armstrafficking group that sent more than 300 militarystyle weapons to Mexico. Mountain Revolt  Bavarian Farmers Threaten Bid for 
Olympic Games Cable from the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv says Israeli officials wanted Gaza's economy functioning at the lowest level possible consistent with avoiding a humanitarian crisis. Over 3,000 birds fall dead in AR, over 500 in LA; 83,000 drum fish wash up on shore; 20,000 fish in Chesapeake Bay; 15 tons of fish wash up dying on shores of Brazil. In four days. Assange WikiLeaks does not have concerns for US national security, but rather for human beings Greek professor of linguistics at Cambridge University credited with identifying an endangered Greek dialect which is spoken in a remote mountainous region in northeastern Turkey and is believed to be a linguistic gold mine because of its close similarities to ancient Greek. President Ahmedinejad had harsh words for the West during a speech..on Tuesday [4 Jan 2011], telling them to 'respect other nations and their rights. Stop aggression and invasion...In doing so, nations will forgive you and give you an opportunity to make up for your past errors and heinous crimes' WikiLeaks Chinese attacks on Google came from the top France is the country that conducts the most industrial espionage on other European countries, even ahead of China and Russia, said leaked US diplomatic cables quoted today by Norway's Aftenposten. Chinese adult children must, by law, visit parents regularly  China's new Elder Law 40% of French and Germans believe the presence of a  muslims is a menace. 70% think muslims are not well integrated  Israeli PM appeals to US to free CONVICTED SPY Pedophile Priest Tony Walsh Face Slashed In Jail
 The Rise of the New Global Elite  The Atlantic Birds fall dead from the sky in Sweden too! WTF is happening!? O.o I had no idea, but Greg Palast has been arrested! His latest blog is private but the slug says usted by BP in Azerbaijan' WikiLeaks Israel aimed to keep Gaza economy on brink of collapse; there is no justification for demanding we allow residents of Gaza to live normal lives while shells and rockets are fired from their streets  Olmert Israeli air strikes hit Gaza. Israeli warplanes launched airstrikes Tuesday at two cities in Gaza, but there were no immediate reports of casualties, Palestinian and Israeli officials said. Romania's witches forced to pay income tax  are planning to use cat excrement and dead dogs to cast spells on the president and government. Police in the UK have banned ITN from a press conference because they highlighted bungled investigation into Joanna Yeates murder The Pentagon underestimated the speed at which China has developed and fielded a ballistic missile that may be capable of hitting a maneuvering U.S. aircraft carrier, the head of [United States] Navy intelligence said today [January 5, 2011]. Mexico overtakes US in percentage of population that is overweight  BBC News  Palestinians look for int'l support after failure of direct Israel talks In what appears to be the first diplomatic casualty from the latest WikiLeaks revelations, the U.S. ambassador to Libya has returned to Washington and is likely to leave his post, U.S. officials said Tuesday [January 4, 2011]. Uganda court bans media outing people as Gay following campaign to expose gays in October alleging that gays had plans to recruit one million innocent kids by 2012. Mongolia is experiencing a huge resourcebased economic boom, but will it become another Nigeria? France top culprit in industrial espionage  France is the country that conducts the most industrial espionage on other European countries, even ahead of China and Russia, said leaked US diplomatic cables quoted on Tuesday by Norway's Aftenposten. Italy becomes the first country to ban plastic bags nationwide! Five Myths About the Chinese Communist Party The little red book that swept France  The latest call to (nonviolent) arms has turned a 93yearold war hero into a publishing phenomenon. Furore over 'censored' edition of Huckleberry Finn Together, Slim, Gates, Buffett, and Ambani control more wealth than the world's poorest 57 countries.  China hiding military buildup WikiLeaks Population 7 Billion  By 2045 global population is projected to reach nine billion. Can the planet take the strain? Israelis bribed to admit U.S. goods to Gaza WikiLeaks
| Reuters The slow death of tolerance in Egypt | guardian.co.uk Why Bradley Manning is fighting for his sanity The damaged blow out preventer from oil rig
Ripples of Deepwater Horizon are felt around the world. The Presidential panel's report examining Deepwater warns a disaster is likely to happen again without significant change in industry practice and government policies.  Doing the terrorists dirty work for them   Swedish society itself is pursuing what was surely one of the aims of the failed Islamist militants to instil a sense of insecurity and paranoia across society The day Julian Assange threatened to sue The Guardian over the US embassy cables story | Media | guardian.co.uk Romania tries to tackle its recession by forcing its witches to pay income taxes.  Pakistan's very unhappy new year  Cut off from IMF funding, civil unrest, terrorism, hyperinflation, daily assassinations of Pakistanis by drones, war..... Mossad's new director says that a military attack on Iran's nuclear facilities would be counterproductive and would exact an enormous diplomatic, economic and military price. Increased numbers of policemen are being deployed in transport hubs across London, UK amidst fears of a terrorist attack taking place in the next few days. Anonymous joins Tunisian activists to call for end to the government's stifling of online dissent Ivory Coast Gbagbo 'expels UK and Canada envoys' UK students to launch new wave of protests  Food Price Surge Puts Strain On India's Poor
 WikiLeaks XXVIII Organized Crime Squeezing the Life Out of Bulgaria Pakistan's government nears collapse again Saudi Arabia 'detains' Israeli vulture for spying Taseer died for the Christians and now we are feeling broke and scared. If they can kill the governor of Punjab then who am I? Egypt's Muslims attend Coptic Christmas mass, serving as human shields Too far. The UK government is about to sell the country's forests to timber companies. Wikileaks Companies including Coca Cola, Hewlett Packard & Motorola complained of widespread corruption by Israeli officials at Gaza crossing; trucks stalled if firms did not pay bribes. WikiLeaks Secret whaling deal plotted by US and Japan | Environment | guardian.co.uk Israeli soldiers break into an apartment at dawn and execute the WRONG man with many bullets to the head and chest WHILE HE WAS A SLEEP, then they simply decide to arrest the right man from the floor below and leave.  Spain rejects 'US influenced' copyright bill Czech doctors resign en masse, saying that being paid lower wages than a mechanic or waiter isn't OK any more. Birgitta Jonsdottir tweets usa government wants to know about all my tweets and more since november 1st 2009. do they realize i am a member of parliament in iceland? The Real Drugs Crisis The top secret database worth $35,000,000,000 in blood money, that you didnt even know existed Israeli soldiers shot and killed an unarmed, 65y.o. Palestinian man in his bedroom, in what appeared to be a case of mistaken identity. The mans wife said he was sleeping and she was praying when soldiers burst into the apt before dawn, entered the bedroom and immediately opened fire.  Is Wikileaks About to Release Its Bank Cache? World on brink of social unrest over food prices  Violence in Algeria could be the start of protests over rising costs of essential commodities such as grain and meat. More Turks leaving Germany than coming in. More Turkish Germans are heading back to their home country  motivated by factors like better job opportunities in Turkey and not wanting to feel like a foreigner. More than 30 women raped and beaten in DR Congo attack Shift of Earth's Magnetic North Pole Impacts Tampa Airport Pirate Party Slams AntiPiracy Outfit for Filing Illegal Complaints Palestinians are hoping for a United Nations vote next week condeming ongoing Israeli settlements in Palestinian territory (Will the USA abstain or veto it ?) Cables released by WikiLeaks reveal how the British government provides training to a Bangladeshi government paramilitary force specialising in executing political opponents. The Last Stand of General Sanchez Why the commander who was in charge of all troops in Iraq thinks some of his superiors should go to hell Columbia Journalism Review calls out journalists on not even being able to report the number of WikiLeaks cables correctly. Israeli pilot describes a 'good strike' that killed 15 Gazans as part of the assassination of a Hamas military leader in 2002  (that included 8 children and 3 women) Family of dead Palestinian woman rebut IDF claims that she wasn't killed by tear gas, saying it's a smear campaign Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei says the Chinese government has pledged never to be the first country to use nuclear weapons  at any time or under any circumstances. He says reports that China is considering changing the policy are 'groundless and out of ulterior motives.' The Man Who Spilled the Secrets | Vanity Fair on collaboration between mainstream media, especially the Guardian, and Wikileaks. Portrays Julian Assange as prima donna. Lots of new detail, and a good read Food riots break out in Algeria 44 % of Danes think that religion makes the world a worse place US tells Twitter to hand over WikiLeaks supporter's messages Vladimir Putin signed a 20page executive order requiring all public institutions in Russia to replace proprietary software, developed by companies like Microsoft and Adobe, with free opensource alternatives by 2015. Copy of the Subpoena served to Twitter regarding WikiLeaks for those interested Chile recognizes independent Palestinian state  Life in an apartheid theocracy An Israeli activist who defied orthodox Jewish custom by leading a group of women in open prayer at Jerusalem's Wailing Wall has been told to expect years in prison for breaching the peace. 1 dead 4 injured as Israeli soldiers come under mortar fire at Gaza border .... news may not go mainstream because they were attacked by their own army aka Friendly Fire  Egyptian Muslims act as human shields for Coptic Christmas mass Wikipedia Comes Of Age  Academic publisher on the relative authority of Wikipedia. It is not the bottom layer of authority, nor the top, but the highest layer without formal vetting. It serves as an ideal bridge between the validated and unvalidated We Chile recognizes Palestinian state A senior Hamas leader on Thursday accused Israel of carrying out countless holocausts against the Palestinians while saying the Nazi genocide was a lie. Feds subpoena Twitter for info on WikiLeaks backer  Iceland Member of Parliament Birgitta Jnsdttir Greenland close to unavoidable meltdown  Politiken.dk Shiite cleric Muqtada alSadr returns to Iraq from Iran urging followers to resist the United States with all means Thousands of Tunisia lawyers strike The lawyers demand an end to beatings by police, following what they say is
police brutality against protesters. French suspect Chinese link in industrial spying at Renault  Company suspends three senior executives in what is potentially one of the biggest commercial espionage cases in recent years. Lawmaker U.S. subpoenaed Twitter information linked to WikiLeaks [BBC] Has Pakistan passed the tipping point of religious extremism? World economy faces deepening turmoil  Blackwater in the Holy Land?  Jerusalem a cauldron of nationalistic and religious acrimony, a persistent flashpoint for global crisis. Exactly where you want to put the worlds most notorious private security firm. Russian president to visit Palestinian territories Twitter Subpoenaed by The Empire for Wikileaks Accounts Spain's national broadcaster bans bullfighting  reducing interest in a tradition How 'The Guardian' fell out with Julian Assange Israel's Supreme Court gave the green light on Thursday for the continued operation of gendersegregated modesty buses serving ultraOrthodox Jews. WARNING all 637,000 @wikileaks followers are a target of US gov subpoena against Twitter, under section 2. B BBC asks If confidential details of overseas Twitter users are disclosed to the US authorities, how keen will an international audience be to trust this or other American social networks in future? Should social networks give up data to help in legal proceedings?  A new country is about to be born. Lets all hope South Sudan finally becomes free.  WikiLeaks Brazil did not see Chavez as a threat, refused US offers to share intelligence  When the hearing went ahead after five hours, no public prosecutor turned up because of fears for their safety Sound familiar? Chinese teams teaching Taliban how to use man portable SAM's for use against NATO forces Meanwhile in Denmark... 46% of expat foreigners dont feel wanted or welcome in Denmark. My telephone conversation with David Pitchford, 
the guy who is suing Julian Assange, Jan 9th. U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates . . . my general line for those both at home and around the world who think the US is in decline is that history's dustbins are filled with countries that underestimated the resilience of the United States. Hamas urges armed factions in Gaza to halt rocket attacks Bulldozers begin work for Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem  Bulldozers began tearing down a former hotel building Sunday to make way for a Jewish housing development in an Arab neighborhood of East Jerusalem, pushing ahead with a contentious project that has raised concerns in Washington. Africa's Hour  Laurent Gbagbo's refusal to give up power isn't just a crisis for the Ivory Coast  it's a moment of truth for the whole continent. Pakistan rally backs blasphemy law  The 1,700yearold Christian monastery hidden deep in Egypt's desert Hackers celebrate North Korea heir's birthday
| Reuters Modern China is determined to become the world's leading knowledge innovator. This has been planned for decades and will inevitably start to happen  very soon. Innovation is a Chinese tradition. German secret service knew where Adolf Eichmann was hiding since 1952 (use Google translate) Israel demolishes historic hotel to make way for new settlement  After demolishing home by mistake, occupation soldier had to go back and tear down the other house Thousands head south for Sudan vote  Africa  Al Jazeera English Four killed in fresh clashes in Tunisia Tomorrow, Sudan will vote on a referendum for Southern independence from the North Chinese troops enter Indian territory again New Subreddit to aggregate all news on the ongoing Tunisian Revolt.  Please help the story of the Tunisian people get more exposure!  German minister urges tough action over dioxins scandal Russia's Murrow moment  Leonid Parfyonov's stunning speech to Russian TV executives in November was ignored by Russian state television, but you can watch it on YouTube. His audience listened in deadpan shock as Parfyonov said out loud what everyone in Russia knows to be the truth. US forces have fired so many bullets in Iraq and Afghanistan  250,000 for every insurgent killed  that US ammunitionmakers cannot keep up with demand. As a result the US is having to import supplies from Israel Sodomy is punishable by death in Saudi Arabia, but gay life flourishes there. Why it is easier to be gay than straight in a society where everyone, homosexual and otherwise, lives in the closet Plane carrying 105 people crashes in Iran 500 lawyers have signed up to defend Pakistan Governor Taseer's killer, but his wife cannot find a single criminal lawyer for prosecution The Royal Family is to be granted absolute protection from public scrutiny in a controversial legal reform. Letters, emails and documents relating to the monarch, her heir and the second in line to the throne will no longer be disclosed even if they are in the public interest.  A trial against six environmental activists has been suddenly dropped after an undercover police officer switched allegiance and offered to testify on their behalf.  BBC  Spain's Basque rebels Eta call 'permanent truce' McCarthyism sweeps through Israel Israeli lawmakers set up committee to investigate human rights groups for unIsraeli activity. Good News for Peace Muslim and Christian, Egyptians stand together against violence Car getting effortlessly washed down the street as a result of the flooding in Queensland, Australia [vid] 60 Minutes Video Bribes or Death in Mexico murder of the mayor of a Mexican city, where powerful drug gangs seem to be giving authorities a choice of silver or lead  join us and we will pay you or don't and we'll kill you.

 WikiLeaks cables confirm US knowledge of Indonesian militarys crimes  Leaked US embassy cables demonstrate that Washington was well aware of ongoing human rights abuses in Papua even as it pursued closer ties with the TNI. In Zimbabwe it's literally cheaper to print on money than paper. So that's exactly what we did. Brazil has warned that the world is on course for a fullblown trade war as it stepped up its rhetoric against exchange rate manipulation. Incredible footage  At least two dead, others missing after Queensland's floods dramatically intensify. Israel academics to boycott college David Burgess the extraordinary life and death of a human rights lawyer  On an autumn evening last October, a slight, pretty woman with a mass of curly hair fell underneath a tube train. Except that she was a man. One of Britain's finest lawyers. And she was pushed. Amazing, compelling story New laser to dazzle pirates on the high seas Massacre in Tunisie Jan, 1 2011 Dozens missing in Toowoomba floods  amazing video of cars washing down streets Pope says sex education an 'attack on religious freedom'  Tunisia closes schools and universities following riots Floods continue to batter Australia  
One person killed and others trapped in cars as Queensland continues to deal with worst flooding in decades German investigators have found excessive levels of cancercausing dioxin in eggs and some chicken meat. Uh, reddit? Brisbane, AU (one of our largest cities) is currently being washed away. Massive floods, death toll rising.  Julian Assange 'faces execution or Guantnamo detention' BREAKING Government troops are killing protesters in Tunisia. [NSFW Very Graphic] How the Arizona Shooting is Being Viewed in Europe symptomatic of a superpower in decline and at the mercy of radical politics. Pakistan will implode if the US does not leave Afghanistan  The continuing US presence in Afghanistan fuels extremism in neighbouring Pakistan.
 North Korea border guards kill five defectors on the Chinese side of their shared border If you're near the Brisbane river, you should be evacuating now. The Great Food Crisis of 2011 10 dead, 78 missing as 'instant tsunami' hits Australia town Is China headed for financial meltdown? China may be losing control of its economy to dubious financial engineering and loan sharks. Photos from flooded Brisbane Clusters of Galaxies containing hundreds of billions of Suns discovered. I'm so impressed by how lucky and special we are that we are able to see so far in the Universe.  Floods in Queensland, Australia now cover over 386,000 Sq Miles; Same size as MT, NM & AZ ... and growing. Banks given goahead to pay unlimited bonuses by UK government Deadly Australian floods spark evacuations in Brisbane Highly venomous snakes threaten Aussie flood victims Daily Telegraph  China a force fit for a superpower. The technology and firepower of the Peoples Liberation Army are growing so fast that observers are no longer curious but concerned. The sea is where the 21st century content for materials and markets will occur. North Korea border guards kill five defectors to China for the first time in years after pursuing them across the frozen river border Cars floating away in Queensland Australia  Flood A karaoke marathon held last week by Icelandic singer Bjrk helped double the signature count on a petition she hopes will lead to a referendum on foreign ownership of Icelandic natural resources Turns out the old man plane disguise case was part of a larger illegal immigrant smuggling operation. Polish cleaner blows the lid on 'dirty' Germans  North Korea's Forgotten Prison Camps   There are an estimated 150,000 to 200,000 people in a total of six concentration camps operated by the government in the central and northeastern areas of the country. British banks cleared to pay unlimited bonuses  Iranian human rights lawyer gets 11year prison term, including 5 years for allegedly appearing in videotaped message without veil West African farmers have succeeded in cutting the use of toxic pesticides, increasing yields and incomes and diversifying farming systems as a result of an international project promoting sustainable farming practices. Sweden uying US time' in Assange case  We are hearing that the Swedish are prepared to drop the rape charges against Julian as soon as the Americans demand his extradition, he said, citing sources in Washington and Stockholm. Mexicos Drug War Eliminates a Police Force in Chihuahua Bit by Bit, a Mexican Police Force Is Eradicated 'I'm French, f you!' smoker on flight charged with assault  UK Teacher fired for sledding with students British court eases bail conditions for Wikileaks founder  Assange, who was granted bail for $315,000 on December 14, is now allowed to reside in London and no longer has to report to police every day. A group of 47 frontline alQaeda commanders, including a soninlaw of Osama bin Laden, have been identified in an Interpol alert on behalf of Saudi Arabia, in an unprecedented disclosure of Saudi citizens in key terrorist roles. Brazils Drug Czar Lets Look at Portugals Experience with Decriminalization  Pedro Abramovay, the drug czar of the new Brazilian administration, said that Portugals experience with drug decriminalization should be considered as an alternative to Brazils current antinarcotics policy. Senior political source claims Hezbollah and allies to resign their ministers and cause the collapse of Lebanon's government. The resignation statement has been written and will be announced at 4.30 p.m. China's EcoDisaster  

Terrifying review of Jonathan Watts's book, When A Billion Chinese Jump. China could save world by shifting towards renewable energy. But that's not going to happen. Government sees green activists, not polluters, as the threat Life in jail is the sentence for two Pakistani Muslim blasphemers (for tearing down and trampling a poster of a gathering to mark the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad  usually this is a death sentence) Haiti, one year later [pics] Assange fears death penalty, but vows more leaks  UN's Ban Kimoon deplores Israel demolition of hotel Teenager swept away after saving his brother from Toowoomba floods More than 220 people die in Rio de Janeiro state as flooding and mudslides hit southeastern Brazil.  Assange Wikileaks has 'insurance' files on Murdoch  Press Gazette [PBS] FRONTLINE  The Battle For Haiti     An in depth documentary about Haiti 1 year after the earthquake  At least 21 demonstrators killed by government forces in Tunisia Hindu holy man reveals truth of terror attacks blamed on Muslims  Asia, World  The Independent Contractor Hid in Iraq for Seven Years Over US Rape Charge Jordan Financial Minister states that Israel's refusal of the Palestinian twostate solution exposes Israel as an 'apartheid' state Tony Blair to appear before Iraq war inquiry on 21 January  Former prime minister summoned to second appearance before Chilcot inquiry to answer questions about legal advice ahead of 2003 invasion.
 South Sudan vote 'passes threshold'. 60 per cent benchmark needed to validate secession referendum has been met by fourth day of voting. As if making the oldest known leather shoe wasn't enough, a prehistoric people in what's now Armenia also built the world's oldest known winery, a new study says. Aussie here Just want everyone to know that Brazil and Sri Lanka are suffering flooding too, and probably need more aid than we do. (120,000 homeless, hundreds dead) Wikileaks volunteer detained by U.S. agents Italy's Constitutional Court Thursday struck down key parts of a law that would protect Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi from prosecution. Pregnant Al Jazeera reporter objects to 'humiliating' Israeli security checks 'When I was told to take off my bra, that was enough for me'
 The Rise of the New Global Elite Why the world's superrich are a nation unto themselves WikiLeaks Exposes the Danger of Pakistans Nukes WikiLeaks contributes to Bradley Manning defence fund honours pledge to help pay legal fees Gay slur in lyrics disqualifies Dire Straits hit from Canadian radio play 
 Mexican official 34,612 drugwar deaths in 4 yrs Tunisia president not to run again, vows to broaden political freedoms and allow freedom of speech Youth under 18 banned from using tanning beds in Victoria BC. Toy Salesman Admits Raping 96 Boys Demand For Quinoa A Boon For Bolivian Farmers South Sudan vote passes threshold  Celebrations erupt as turnout of registered voters exceeds necessary 60 per cent in South Sudan referendum A Boat Ride through Brisbane  A much closer look at the floods. Shocking documentary about the genocide of white Africans in Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe. (netflix) China snubs US Why did China test its J20 stealth fighter while Secretary Gates was in town? Magnitude 7.3  LOYALTY ISLANDS
2011 January 13 161641 UTC 
 Violent clashes spread to centre of Tunisian capital  The latest clashes in antigovernment protests that began nearly a month ago were taking place a short distance from the central bank building in the city's main commercial area, also the location of the main bus and tram station. Acid tanker capsizes on Rhine UN Israeli settlement expansion illegal Thailand 60,000 Red Shirt protesters bring Bangkok to a standstill Poll 35 percent of East Jerusalem Palestinians would prefer Israeli citizenship
In new survey, 40 percent of East Jerusalem Palestinians say they will move elsewhere in Israel if their neighborhoods become part of a future Palestinian State. Israel Kidnaps Eight Palestinians In the West Bank UNESCO awards Venezuela for providing free access to internet Haiti reconstruction firms only get $1.60 for every $100, rest goes back to American companies. BREAKING Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi formally under investigation for using teenage prostitute and abusing his position as PM Afghan Taliban end opposition to educating girls PM replaces Tunisia president  Africa  Al Jazeera English A nice primer explaining what's happening in Tunisia, for idiots like me who need a tl;dr version of everything Guyana becomes 6th South American state to recognize Palestinian independence  Police to review evidence of phone hacking by Rupert Murdoch flagship British paper, the News of the World, despite attempts by Murdoch's corporation to stop details of hacking becoming public Third undercover police spy unmasked as scale of undercover police network within the UK environment protest movement emerges Israel demolishes homes and classroom in West Bank village The news half of Australia has been waiting for  Flood poses no risk to beer supplies  Silvio Berlusconi investigated in teenage prostitution case Emergency rule imposed in Tunisia Norwegian Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Stre in the West Bank Norway considering recognizing an independent Palestinian state in September this year  will depend on progress made by then. The fall of Tunisias president marks the first time that protests have overthrown an Arab leader Palestinian Foreign Minister says that the Goal of gaining greater international recognition of the Palestinian State will help to get Israel back to negotiations Japan's military, citing worries about North Korean belligerence and an increasingly aggressive China, wants to cooperate in unprecedented ways with the United States Dramatic changes may be coming in Israel Demographers now estimate about a third of last year's Jewish babies were born into the ultraOrthodox community, an insular and devout minority that has long been at loggerheads with the rest of the increasingly modern and prosperous country. Tunisia riots US warns Middle East to reform or be overthrown Pirates operating off the Somali coast have kidnapped six crew from a Danish ship thought to have been transporting weapons in the Gulf of Aden. A brave little Australian hero. A teenager who was scared of water drowned in the Queensland floods after begging rescuers to save his younger brother first.  Russian officials told to learn languages after Institute of Protein Research mistranslated as Squirrel Institute Arab bloggers cheer on Tunisia's Revolution and expressed hope that their own nations might follow this example The Tunisian president and dictator, Ben Ali, flees the country after protests Tunisia protests 'The fear has gone  I've been waiting 20 years for today' Glenn Beck  the Hate Preacher (german article, translated with Google) Current Tunisian govt in State of Emergency after days of protests by students due to unemployment, limited freedoms, inflation. Live rounds fired at protesters. 'Revolution' started after an unemployed student burned himself to death in an act of protest. Lets get this story more air time. Australian floods Why were we so surprised? Meteorologists warned Australians six months ago to prepare for a soaking. And nobody did a thing ... Chinese authorities begin to implement new controls on the content of phone text messages ...  lists emerge showing hundreds of banned keywords, including democracy, human rights, and telling the truth  A wounded fox shot its would be killer in Belarus by pulling the trigger on the hunter's gun as the pair scuffled This is how we do it in Australia. From Algeria to Tunisia to Jordan, the Arab world's discontent is turning into REVOLT! Don't ignore them!  A new danger is stalking Australian flood victims  bull Sharks are swimming the city streets In India, 96.5% kids go to school  a big step towards universal elementary education Report Belarusian mobile operators ratted out demonstrators to police  Gave geo locations This WikiLeaked cable helped spark Tunisia's revolution, yet U.S. vice president calls Assange a terrorist Berlusconi now placed under official legal investigation on suspicion of sex with underage prostitute and of abusing his position to pressure the police. Potential sentence 15 years in jail.  The Wikileak that made Tunisians so upset... Tonight we are all Tunisians. It was the final 
testament to the brutality of a dictator who has had 
the support of European leaders and various 
presidents of the United States. Israel has it's own Rally to restore sanity. In peril   the Arab status quo  A dictators fall in Tunisia resounds in a region full of governments that dont work. Bangladesh arrests leader behind eggar amputees' Jordanians march against inflation Thousands vent anger in Amman and other cities against government's
inability to rein in prices and poverty. Tunisia Will revolt spread in North Africa? Iraqi soldier guns down two US troops in Mosul drill Google criminally charged for illegally collecting private information
 More censorship in Venezuela The Dalits of india are building a temple in the honor of English language they believe it can liberate them from the oppressions of the caste system Tunisias president toppled by Twitter Revolution (and he fled into the arms of The House of Saud, never ones to turn their back on a maleficent despot in need, like Idi Amin, who spent the remainder of his years in Jedda after a career that featured slaying 100,000 Ugandans) Ghana  600 Liberian women refugees stage Naked protest to express their unwillingness to integrate into the Ghanaian society...demand resettlement into US and $1000 instead of the $100 given to them by the UN refugee agency HCR BP and Russia strike up an Arctic oil deal. Swiss whistleblower Rudolf Elmer plans to hand over offshore banking secrets of the rich and famous to WikiLeaks Tunisia the first Arab popular revolution, rather than euphemism for a coup
 Joint U.S. Israeli Project Created Stuxnet Worm Used Against Iran Berlusconi paid to sleep with Ruby when she was 17, and subsequently had her freed from a Milan police station  where she was being held on suspicion of theft  by fooling officers into thinking she was the granddaughter of the Egyptian president. Tunisia`All Arab dictators are shaking on their thrones'  Left and Arab voices on the insurrection Algerian man douses himself with gasoline and burns to death , echoing trigger that toppled the leader of neighboring Tunisia. Thousands of Israelis rally in defence of human and civil rights  Tel Aviv sees largest demonstration in years as people protest against parliamentary investigation into funding of rights groups Stuxnet Worm Used Against Iran Was Tested in Israel (NY Times) Quebec Muslim immigration consultant arrested for helping hundreds in Middle East collect benefits from Canada Former dictator Baby Doc Duvalier returns to Haiti  Early results from Southern Sudan's referendum indicate the region has voted overwhelmingly to split from the north and form a new country. Another harsh blow to Mexican authorities.  Police commander abducted in Veracruz. The Taliban is to drop its opposition to the education of girls in Afghanistan, the country's education minister has told British media. Chinese Mothers...in Hong Kong react to  the Why Chinese Mothers Are Superior essay  Spain demands US clears earth from site of 1966 nuclear bomb mishap  Man sentenced to death in Egypt over Copt killings NY Times reveals what everyone assumed. Stuxnet worm was tested in Israel.  Iran to display shot down U.S. drones, top Iranian official says YouTube  Massive Protests in Tunisia Push President to Flee French President Sarkozys New Years resolution to catch 10,000 illegal downloaders a day  Cables From American Diplomats Portray U.S. Ambivalence on Tunisia Continuing riots in Tunisia new president sworn in as the former flees Europe's biggest farright parties  countrybycountry Violence in Tunisia as Ben Ali loyalists carry on fight PresidentsforLife Going Out of Fashion  Swiss whistleblower to hand over data on hundreds of offshore bank account holders to WikiLeaks
 53% of Germans feel they have no special responsibility towards Israel because of their history South Sudan vote backs secession. We're about to witness the creation of a new nation here folks. No judicial independence in Venezuela Hugo Chavez has judge imprisoned for 30 years for spiritual corruption after she grants bail to a man illegally held without trial for three years Israeli officials fear a 'domino effect' 
Guyana follows 7 Latin American countries in backing Palestinian state. International arrest warrant issued for Qatari Royal family member convicted of sexually abusing girls under 15.... Good luck finding this news in any arab papers Tunisian president's wife fled the country with 1,5 TON GOLD (Le monde, french press) Arrested Pirate Party Member Becomes Tunisian Minister   Th Palestinian Authority is determined to ask the United Nations to declare the settlements illegal, despite USA opposition Why did we never know how rotten Tunisia was?  Berlusconi's harem of 14 women revealed Four Years On, Rupert Murdoch PhoneHacking 
Scandal Is Still Growing Burnings spread to Egypt, Algeria in Tunisia echo
| Reuters Massive protests in Jordan, government on high alert for fears of becoming another Tunisia Killings of newborn babies on the rise in Pakistan The Economist's Lexington on the Arab protests. Undercover police do sleep with the people they are spying on, and I should know, says one woman Russia warns of Iranian Chernobyl' Venezuela has overtaken Saudi Arabia as the world leader in oil reserves Stuxnet virus attack Russia warns of 'Iranian Chernobyl' Mexican Zetas drug cartel is quietly spreading a reign of terror virtually unchallenged, all the way to the Mexican border with Guatemala  and across it.  Haiti JeanClaude 'Baby Doc' Duvalier Returns from Exile  As if things werent bad enough. Ecuador sends Venezuela 5,000 metric tons of crude palm oil using the new Sucre  Virtual Currency WikiLeaks Turkey allowed US 'extraordinary rendition'  Some 24 CIA flights landed at ncirlik airport in southern Turkey between 2002 and 2006 with the knowledge of the Turkish military. Former dictator 'Baby Docack in Haiti after 25 years Mauritanian Islamic leaders issue a fatwa banning 
female genital mutilation (FGM) French mansion has been unlocked after being sealed 100 years as a time capsule, now reopened as a museum Tony Blair misled Parliament by claiming that Britain could legally attack Iraq in the face of UN opposition despite being given clear advice to the contrary Meanwhile in Kuwait  Emir grants $4 billion and free food for 2.2 years for all 1 million Kuwaiti citizens , even covers newborns born until feb 1 to celebrate 50 years of Independence   Report Pope John Paul II's Vatican warned Irish 
bishops not to report child rape Newly revealed 1997 letter from the Vatican warned Ireland's Catholic bishops not to report all suspected childabuse cases to police  Israeli man arrested for alleged involvement in Bosnia genocide  Aleksander Cvetkovic, who moved to Israel with his Jewish wife and their children in 2006, was accused of helping Bosnian Serb forces gun down about 8,000 Muslim men and boys in Europe's worst massacre since World War Two Ecoterrorism the nonexistent threat we spend millions policing. Spying on environmental activists serves no one's interests except for big corporations. English Is Here to Stay  
Why learn Mandarin? China wont make you speak it. Two Chinese state controlled banks lend more to developing countries than the World Bank A case of whisky which spent more than 100 years buried in the Antarctic has returned to Scotland.  9yo Timorese girl dies requiring heart valve surgery after no hospital willing to accept her  After Tunisia, electrified Arab world sets sights on brewing revolt in Egypt Iran has already hanged 47 people this year executes more people per capita than any other country Russia's Medvedev backs independent Palestine
 WTF Every Kuwaiti citizen [1.5 mil] will receive US$ 3500 per person grant and free food rations for 14 months. This doesn't include rest of 2.5 mil expat population who actually does all the work. BTW Kuwait is 5th richest country in the World. The Tunisian job How president's wife 'fled with $60m in gold bullion'  Dad Arizona girl's corneas saved vision of 2 kids
 Rise of the Hans, the New tribalism  China's strength based on ethnic cohesion 90% Han. Ethnic nationalism also strong among other rising powers Russians, Persians, Arabs, Brazilians. Europe's postnationalism failing. Is the world moving back to tribalism? Dmitry Medvedev says Moscow recognises independent state for Palestinians. Vatican letter urged Irish bishops not to report sexabuse cases to police Juan Cole Tunisia Uprising Spearheaded by Labor Movements, by Internet Activists, by Rural Workers; It's a Populist Revolution What Arab newspapers are saying about Tunisia Murdoch, UK establishment in deep shit. Does anyone doubt that if Tunisias president had been overthrown by an Islamic Revolution, there would have been 24/7 coverage of it in US media? Several thousand Israelis protested in Tel Aviv waving the Israeli flag and Palestinian ones We came to protest against the government's policies and the lack of democracy in our country The fact is that Amsterdam's heroinaddict population has been stable or falling for two decades. That's even though, since 2002, the Dutch authorities have been doing something even more radical than Portugal's for heroin users they've been giving them free heroin. Venezuela will connect Cuba to a highspeed fiber optic cable next month undermining US sanctions Swiss banker who gave Wikileaks details of rich tax evaders has been found guilty of breaching Switzerland's strict bank secrecy laws. Vatican letter told Ireland's Catholic bishops not to report child abuse Musicians killed after not playing encore. Mexico is really getting weird now. An uprising in Tunisia [pics] Russian WikiLeaks under attack after photos allegedly reveal Putin's private, $1 billion 'palace' This guy was arrested for blogging in his country, and is now in charge of their internet. Goldman Sachs bankers to receive $15.3bn in pay 
and bonuses | Business | guardian.co.uk 25 Tons of Bombs Wipes Afghan Town Off the Map Its hard to understand how turning an entire village into dust fits into Americas counterinsurgency strategy WikiLeaks US advised to sabotage Iran nuclear sites 
by German thinktank | World news | The Guardian Bolivia is on a mission to legalize the chewing of coca leaves. The United States, one of the world's biggest cocaine consumer, is not convinced. In Dutch News mentally disabled 18 year old spend his life mostly chained to a wall and hasn't been outside since 2007; case will be discussed in parliament today Noam Chomsky asks Iran to release detained Americans I hope that theyll be released without a trial. If there is one, Id be happy to testify on their good record and their dedication to worthy and important causes. Bolivia energises campaign to legalise coca leaf Pirates hijacked record number of ships in 2010. Ransoms paid to Somali pirates averaged $5.4 million last year, compared with $150,000 in 2005. A total of $238 million was paid out. Two more people in Algeria set themselves on fire, bringing the total number of attempted public suicides to seven Video Man Steals Tunisian President's Ferrari Using a Forklift  A 7.4 magnitude earthquake hits South West Pakistan. In 2005, a 7.6 magnitude earthquake took 70,000 lives... Chinas Currency Isnt Our Problem. Even if the RMB is Undervalued it's not Holding Back the US Economy. Swiss bank whistleblower just got arrested for handing documents to Wikileaks 'Baby Doc' Duvalier charged with corruption in Haiti  Canadian tourist accuses Mexican police of raping her

 As a symbolic gesture, Palestinians on Tuesday raised their flag for the first time over the PLO diplomatic mission in Washington. The WikiLeaks disclosures are significant precisely because they expose govt deceit, wrongdoing and brutality, but the damage to innocent people has been deliberately and wildly exaggerated  fabricated  by the very people whose misconduct has been revealed. After failed peace talks, US aid to Israel questioned Despite giving Israel $3 billion in military aid a year, US lacks leverage What Does Wikileaks Have on Bank of America? BofA now moving into high gear on damage control, creating a war room to fight off an upcoming release of WikiLeak documents Brisbane Floods before and after, super slick interface British Prime Minister demands release of Blairs secret letters to Bush on Iraq War SURPRISE! Dictator responsible for killing thousands has charges filed against him because he was dumb enough to return home to Haiti expecting a hero's welcome Under Paris   
Strap on a helmet, explore the tunnels beneath Paris. Where you may encounter bones, rats, geologists, mushrooms, bachelor parties, pockets of explosive gas, and a pond in the foundations of the Opera used for training firemen Private letters between Tony Blair and President George Bush ahead of the war in Iraq were kept so secret that they had to be destroyed. WikiLeaks Ireland ignored public opposition to suspected US rendition flights through its territory, and looked for ways to cooperate with alleged US abuses while avoiding liability and political fallout Canada Harper Government Orders National Archives to Show Movie Critical of Iran After It Was Cancelled Because of Threats
 Ask A Tunisian   
Superhelpful interview with Anis Allagui, Tunisian expat living in North America, who gives a simple, clear, apparently wellinformed explanation of recent events in his home country. Key point so far, the army are the good guys For years prohibitionists, including the DEA, have claimed that the tolerant marijuana policies of the Netherlands have made that nation a nest of crime and drug abuse. But now the country is to close 8 prisons for lack of criminals. Berlusconi in deep trouble as call girl wiretaps rock Italy Two million young Italians not studying nor working British woman held in Dubai over love triangle case on possible charges of sex outside marriage  a criminal offence in the UAE 25 Tons of Bombs Wipe Afghan Town Off Map | Danger Room | Wired.com South Korean government buries one million pigs 
alive Finland to ban 'aggressive begging'   an attempt to curb the presence of Roma beggars on city streets. Spain treating Google like a magazine publisher, may force them to censor search results Israeli Investigation Finds IDF Soldiers Did Nothing Wrong During Gaza Peace Boat Massacre  First part of Turkel report on lethal flotilla raid in May 2010 expected to rule that troops acted properly during takeover of Turkish ship; experts say world unlikely to endorse findings. China's economy grows 10.3 per cent  Business  Al Jazeera English Violent Seismic Activity Tearing Africa in Two   in recent months, seismic activity has accelerated in northeastern Africa as the continent breaks apart in slow motion.  Downing Street ordered a 'Cover up' over Straw's bid to talk Blair out of Iraq invasion, explosive new evidence reveals While You Were Reading About Ukrainian Nurses 
Real news was buried in WikiLeaks  like this revealing cable on Iran's nuclear ambitions Tunisia ministers quit ruling party, political prisoners freed  Iceland Doing it Right  Special prosecutor into the banking crisis confirms raids and arrests have been made today.Central Bank of Iceland is among the institutions under investigation.One of the arrested parties is former National Bank of Iceland treasury boss. Norway announces it will be among the first to recognize Palestinian State IF negotiations with Israel fail to make headway by september.  Footage of Israel demolishing Palestinian lands and building settlements, filmed by a racist Israeli settler His home firebombed, his dog burned, and invaded by masked men, this man defended himself by firing his gun to scare his attackers.  Police charge the homeowner.  The message?  Cops have a monopoly on force. A smoking gun letter reveals Vatican directly ordered pedophiles be protected Blackwater founder secretly backing Somali militia 
Erik Prince supports private security in Africa to override rampant piracy and Islamic radicalism  G20 Officer tells protester he has no civil rights This ain't Canada right now. South Korea's special forces rescue sailors, kill Somali pirates South Africa's CCB poisoned the water supply at a Namibian refugee camp, bombed a South African kindergarten, and even attempted to bewitch Bishop Desmond Tutu with a baboon fetus. Now one of its officers is teaming up with Blackwater's founder... The push to legalize pot in Mexico. (Video) Killings of rhinos nearly triple in South Africa Tony Blair heckled as he expresses regret for this loss of life in the Iraq war  Relatives of those killed in the conflict shouted out Its too late, as an emotional Mr Blair told of his sorrow at the bloodshed, while two female witnesses walked out and another turned her face away.  Landslides in Brazil [pics] Jordanians have staged growing protests in the past week as they try and copy the Tunisian uprising to get their government to step down. Hu says China not a military threat to any nation Third of Zimbabwe's registered voters are dead Obama must call Israeli settlements illegal Russian Orthodox Church calls for dress code, says miniskirts cause 'madness' Women, said Archpriest, can't be trusted to clothe themselves properly. It is wrong to think that women should decide themselves what they can wear in public places or at work...  One of the largest hauls of illegal chimpanzee and gorilla parts is seized by officials in Gabon. UK ID Cards Are No More!
 Iceland's Central Bank governor to US Federal Reserve governor Hey man you got a BILLION dollars i can borrow man...c'mon man its only a BILLION dollars ?   revealed by Wikileaks 
that Iceland's Ministry of Foreign Affairs were not even consulted about the multiple requests.   Palestinian mob throws eggs and shoes at the vehicle French Foreign Minister's car. They were angered by a demand made by AlliotMarie that Hamas leadership let Red Cross representatives visit kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, who holds dual Israeli and French citizenship. RuLeaks posts photos of alleged 'Putin Palace' My attack is on the Prime Minister of Australia, he said yesterday. I hate the parliament in Canberra. I want to go straight for the jugular vein and advise the parliament that they have no right to legislate. They should immediately step down and let the Muslims take over. Burma's prodemocracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has obtained internet access, two months after she was freed from years of house arrest.  In Norway, Startups Say Ja to Socialism  Small country. Big taxes. And no cheating tax returns are a matter of public record. Yet Norway has one of the highest rates of startup activity in the developed world. Socialism works so well here that even entrepreneurs like it Tunisia suddenly has Press Freedom  all restrictions have vanished. Newspapers report freely, journalists work through the night The end of The World Dubai island development sinks back into sea after being scuppered by financial crisis Russia's Own WikiLeaks Takes Off |  The Moscow Times Algerian democracy rally broken up Three shot dead in antigovernment clashes with police in Albania New Zealand  The Green party shocked by Wikileaks report at the scale of Australia's spy agencies' compliance with its US counterparts and spying on China, North Korea & Iran     Norway Still awesome ) Tunnel to link German and Danish islands Fehmarn and Lolland in ten years, traversing a 17.6 km portion of sea and giving Germany its most direct road and rail link to Scandinavia yet. Nearly a third of Zimbabwe's 5.5m registered voters are dead. Others appear to be up to 120 years old. UN SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon slams Israel's refusal to halt West Bank settlements, saying refusals seriously hampers peace talks.
Settlements in the occupied Palestinian territory are illegal under international law he told a UN committee dealing with Palestinian issues on Friday. Jewish leaders in San Francisco not happy about upcoming proposal in city ballots this year to bring into law, the end of Circumcision. Anyone caught  performing a Circumcision will be charged with a misdemeanor , $1000 fine or up to a year in jail or both. Protest is vital to a thriving democracy The UK's Most Unpopular Man Tony Blair no longer draws a crowd 4 out 5 Egyptian women claim to have been sexually harassed  In Egypt, a film sparks debate about sexual harassment Irish PM Brian Cowen steps down as Fianna Fail leader The Caligulan court of Silvio Berlusconi laid bare  Telegraph I Was a Rare Earths Day Trader  Inside the Rare Earths Bubble  How a naval confrontation in the South China Sea created a global investment bubble  and cost me half my life savings. Japanese rocket lifts off carrying supplies for International Space Station Egypt Proactively Preparing For TunisianStyle 
Rioting Airport Intercepts 59 Outbound Gold 
Shipments Worth Tens Of Millions...central bank of 
Tunisia had parted with 23% of its gold stash 
courtesy of now deposed president who fled the 
country with a 1.5 ton shipment of gold, Hundreds of political prisoners in Tunisia yet to be released, many of whom were jailed after unfair trials and use of torture
 Egyptian steals wife's kidney to sell on black market 4 Dead in Albanian Protests, Government Refuses Early Elections, Read the Comments too, I'd like to know more about this It's time to expand the UN Security Council. But who gets a seat? Nigeria, South Africa are potential African members. Japan, India would serve as democratic counters to China. Brazil,Mexico are potential LatAm reps. Italy, Germany argue they deserve seats. The decision will be challenging Auditor General of Pakistan slaps Pakistan army with whopping $1.3 billion ill' for using Lahore stadium illegally for commercial purposes for decades. China bans zoos from having circuses. No more monkey fights, no more pulling out baby tigers' teeth, and no more feeding live animals to predators. Israel inquiry finds Gaza aid flotilla raid 'was legal' Undercover police cleared 'to have sex with activists'  another example of unethical policing Secret papers reveal slow death of Middle East peace process Silvio Berlusconi continued to make payments of thousands of euros to an alleged call girl even after the announcement that he was at the centre of a prostitution investigation, new evidence from the scandal shows. Sex, Death and the Gods explores the complex world of India's Devadasi, girls devoted to a goddess and then sold for sex at puberty Guardian UK If Chilcot is our finest inquisitor, thank heavens for WikiLeaks Tony Blair's evasions at the Chilcot inquiry continue to be an insult to the British public Al Jazeera has released nearly 2,000 internal documents  minutes, emails, memos and more  from a decade of negotiations between the Israeli government and the Palestinian Authority. Search the database for key words, or browse the papers by dates, locations and participants Secret papers Palestinians weak and increasingly desperate Chinese stealth fighter jet may use US technology Egypt's frustrated young wait for their lives to begin, and dream of revolution Palestinian journalist held in prison for 50 days without trial for insulting PM Abbas... on his Facebook page Policemen, who barely a week ago were crushing demonstrations, were standing arm in arm with protestors  Just an extraordinary revolution New documents obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union show unjustified homicide of detainees. Drawing inspiration from the revolt in Tunisia, thousands demand ouster of Yemen's president Leaked documents show PA and PLO leaders pleading with dismissive US officials in face of Israel's unyielding negotiators. Victim tells of ordeal in Tunisia's jails Savagely beaten after being pushed from an upstairs window by police, a newly released Adem Boukadida talks of a corrupt regime's daily brutality Swedish minister of migration gives the exact same answer 15 times in a row to avoid a question.   Dutch frigate opens fire on pirate ship | Radio Netherlands Worldwide Egypt blames Palestinian Qaedalinked group for bomb
| Reuters The Death of the Peace Process? 430,000 Japanese Hepatitis B sufferers settle with state for $39bn over needle reuse China's New Stealth Fighter May Use US Technology Balkan military officials and other experts have told The Associated Press that in all probability the Chinese gleaned some of their technological knowhow from an American F117 Nighthawk that was shot down over Serbia in 1999. Israeli politics Can the doves take off again?  A split in Israels Labour party may give the peaceminded left a new lease of life What the Palestine papers tell us  Guardian associate editor Seumas Milne and Middle East editor, Ian Black, discuss the leak of secret notes from years of negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians. Blast rocks Moscow's main airport For most of the last two years, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that it is Israel alone that is willing to make the hard concessions for the sake of peace. These documents show it is the Palestinian Authority that were willing to make considerable concessions. UK Police are accused of inciting illegal protest by posting messages to activist websites to incite and expand the very protests they are expected to manage. Two Iranian opposition activists are hanged for distributing footage and photos of protests For the TL;DRminded, a brief analysis of what the Palestinian leaks reveal Israel rejected Palestinian offer of almost all Jerusalem leaked docs This speech has been weighing on my mind greatly since I saw it. More people need to know who John Pilger is and the work he does. [VIDEO] The world is watching Chinas economic surge with understandable awe  while politely and passively ignoring the countrys ecological disintegration. A $21.7B development/health fund supported by the Gates Foundation, Bono and others has seen twothirds of some grants eaten up by corruption. Papers reveal how Palestinian leaders gave up fight over refugees

 Negotiators agreed just 10,000 to return
 PLO agreed Israel could be a 'Jewish state'
 US suggested Palestinians live in Latin America
 'Norwegian of the year' to be deported from Norway Tony Benn 'Protest is vital to a thriving democracy'  World Politics  Independent.co.uk Amnesty International Inhumane Treatment of WikiLeaks Soldier Bradley Manning Bellicose Telegraph climate sceptic has complained to the BBC of being 'intellectually raped' on Horizon during an interview with Nobel prizewinner Tunisian rioters destroy a Ferrari belonging to the President's family (pics) Professor Rashid Khalidi Leaked Palestine Papers Underscore Weakness of Palestinian Authority, Rejectionism of Israel and U.S. Egypt An unlikely alliance of youth activists, political Islamists, industrial workers and hardcore football fans have pledged to join a nationwide day of revolution on Tuesday Egyptian opposition warns of an explosion of the masses  National day of protest set for Tuesday BBC News  BBC to cut online budget by 25% China to create largest mega city in the world with 42 million people  German foundation refuses to return Nefertiti bust Over the past 10 years Indian security forces have killed almost 1,000 people, mostly Bangladeshis, turning the border area into a south Asian killing field South Korea These talks will be different. Ivory Coast's election stalemate [pics] Tomorrow (Jan. 25th) is the day we find out if Egypt is serious like Tunisia.  Tunisialike riots now breaking out in Egypt Live Updates of the Protests in Egypt  it is growing.  First protester killed in Egypt We want a revolution. We don't want Hosni Mubarak. ~Egyptian Police Captain Peru officially recognizes Palestinian state Norwegian Wouldn't | Norway Say NO! to Walmart and Other Unethical Companies Tens of thousands of people are protesting against the Egyptian government, chanting the same slogans as the Tunisian's The people want to overthrow the govt! Twitter and other social media blocked.  Shit is getting real. Twitter blocked in Egypt amid unrest. The revolution will not be televised, not twittered, 3 dead, 100 injured, 10 kidnapped by the brutal Egyptian police  German firms vow to stop selling execution drug to US UK Economy expected to grow in fourth quarter of 
2010  actually shrank! Egypt's 'day of revolt' inspired by unrest in Tunisia Leaked 'Palestine Papers' Show Bad Faith Negotiating By Israel and U.S.  What's striking about these documents is the degree to which the U.S. pressures the Palestinians, and how much American diplomats are in cahoots with Israel.  Egypt warns protesters of arrest Egyptian activists have called for a mass rally on Tuesday dubbed as the Day of Wrath.  AlJazeera angers Palestinians Egypt Protests Thousands Fill Streets To Protest Mubarak On 'Jan 25' (with epic banner picture) Egyptian take to streets in unprecedented protests  EU 'deplores' Israeli sentencing of Palestinian nonviolent activist Indian US spy for China Noshir Gowadia jailed for 32 years. Condoleezza Rice send Palestinian refugees to South America Human Rights Watch releases its 2011 World Report online, accuses world governments of taking a mild stance on repression and abuses Egypt Protests inspired by Tunisia and fanned by social media break out all over Experts cry Copy Cat at China's new Stealth Fighter , claim it was made by reverse engineering an American Knighthawk stealth fighter that was downed in 1999 during the Kosovo war  Report Iran hangs 2 men who made videos of postelection turmoil  CNN.com Didn't think they'd have the balls for this..Former Tory peer Lord Taylor is found guilty of making 11,277 in false parliamentary expenses claims.  Daily Kos Tunisians Thank Anonymous as North Africa Explodes Cairo residents in Egypt remove passwords from their wifi routers so protesters can communicate with the world An Egyptian protester faces a water canon vehicle solo.  Mahmoud Saad, a talk show host in the Egyptian staterun TV, has announced that he will no longer appear on TV starting tonight after he came under pressure from top government officials to defame protestors as rioters destroying the country. Woman mayor shows her horrific scars after surviving two assassination attempts by Mexican gangs

 Jack Shenker, the Guardian's reporter in Cairo, was beaten and arrested alongside protesters in the capital last night. He made this remarkable recording while locked in the back of a security forces truck next to dozens of protesters.  Google, YouTube, Twitter and Facebook now all reported blocked in Egypt Egyptian President's family and likely successor have fled to London. How the Tunisian government was stealing the entire country's Facebook passwords, and how Facebook responded Guardian reporter beaten and arrested in Cairo 'People are being hauled out by police and beaten' Insane footage from protests in Egypt as protesters climb on top of water cannon as it speeds through a crowd, running over people The Guardian's detailed live updates on the growing protests in Egypt Egypt president's son, family flee to Britain Protesters Just Torched A Government Building In Egypt Anonymous hacktivists attack Egyptian websites  A dam breaking in Egypt Egypt Protests Riot police fight back El Baradei to fly to Egypt on Thursday The people of Tunisia shouldn't have had to wait for Wikileaks to learn that the U.S. saw their country just as they did. It's time that the gulf between what American diplomats know and what they say got smaller. Guardian reporter beaten, detained at Egypt protests; records audio throughout Britain rolls back some unpopular post9/11 security rules Robert Fisk A new truth dawns on the Arab world Tunisia seeks arrest of exleader for theft and currency offences What's Happening in Egypt Explained The Arab crisis food, energy, water, justice  Suzanne Mubarak of Egypt has fled to Heathrow airport in London Egyptian police violently beat British journalist, smooth move Egypt, now we know what is happening to those 100s of people arrested. And so it continues...Antigovernment rallies hit Yemen In one fell swoop, the candor of the cables released by WikiLeaks did more for Arab democracy than decades of backstage U.S. diplomacy. Anonymous warns Egyptian Regime that they will make sure the international media sees the horrid reality you impose upon your people Swedish ISP will anonymize all its users' traffic.  Thousands of Yemenis are demonstrating in the capital Sanaa, calling on Ali Abdullah Saleh, president for more than 30 years, to step down. An amazing compilation video of the Egyptian riots going on currently.  The fact that we are supporting the Mubarak regime may not be immediately obvious to most Americans, but it is the central fact about America to every Egyptian alive.

 Some army units in Suez are refusing to support the crackdown against the people. Which means the government may be about to lose control over the Suez Canal.  Tunisia, Egypt...now Yemen is protesting with thousands calling on their president to leave after 30 years in power Shell faces hearing over Nigeria. 
Oil giant accused of abusing human rights and destroying the environment at Dutch parliamentary hearing. Anonymous Asks For DDoS Attack On Key Egyptian Sites Canadian Govt Spends $40 Million To Monitor Media  The Harper government spends more money keeping track of what the media is saying than it does soliciting the opinions of ordinary Canadians, a Citizen analysis of contracting records shows. From Tunisia to Egypt and now Yemen; thousands are calling for a change in government In an interview with spokesman PJ Crowley, an Al Jazeera reporter tries to tease out the US State Department's differing reactions to rebellion in Tunisia and Egypt.  If you're looking to understand US Foreign Policy in the ME, this is the video to watch. Complete Internet blackout in Egypt Clooney's satellite project shows troops near Sudan's border Protests in Egypt  live updates Germany says it is suspending payments to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria until it gets answers about corruption allegations raised in articles by The Associated Press. Yemenis take to the streets calling for President Saleh to step down  
As unemployment rises and oil and water reserves dwindle, thousands demand an end to president's 32year reign Mohamed ElBaradei says he is ready to assume power in Egypt if the people calls for him to do so Yemenis follow the example of Tunisia and Egypt to fight for their rights  Ugandan gay rights activist murdered.  David Kato, 43, was an activist with Sexual Minorities Uganda who was pictured and named by the antigay tabloid in a story that called on readers to hang gay rights advocates. from 2009 assessment U.S. security and military aid to Egypt ... does not aim to strengthen Egyptian military power against any external threat... Instead, this aid is devoted mainly to strengthening the regimes domestic security and its ability to confront popular movements. Russia said on Wednesday [january 26, 2010] that NATO should investigate last year's computer virus attack on a Russianbuilt nuclear reactor in Iran, saying the incident could have triggered a nuclear disaster on the scale of Chernobyl. Anonymous is getting around Egypt's Internet blackout by massfaxing WikiLeaks cables to Cairo. Mubarak speaks, dismisses government and says he will name a new government tomorrow.  Sounds like he's not going anywhere. Yeah Canada!  Tunisian dictator's family  'not welcome' in Canada PM Open Letter from Anonymous to the UK Government Jack Shenker in Cairo reports signs that the police are siding with protesters. The regime is already falling he was told Chilling video of the Egyptian protests Regardless of whether you are a Christian, a Muslim, or an Atheist, you will demand your goddamn rights, and you will have them one way or the other. Egyptian shot in street protests Fuck the European Parliament  WikiLeaks ISP anonymizes all traffic to neutralize data retention laws Egypt has apparently done what many technologists thought was unthinkable for any country with a major Internet economy It unplugged itself entirely from the Internet to try and silence dissent. 
 Here we go again... Thousands Protest in Jordan  Al Jazeera [IMG] Graph showing internet traffic to and from Egypt War zone is an understatement. Suez is burning, North Sinai is burning and Egypt is a state of zero tolerance. The government that justifies killing its own people does not have any right to exist, and it must be taken down! [AP Raw footage of a man shot down in protests] Anonymous  Operation Egypt A Press Release  Another house of cards about to fall?...Thousands of Jordanians march to press for reform Sniper murders Egyptian protester. Can we please have the left, the right and the MSM in the U.S. rally around this prodemocracy protest. Boeingowned Narus has sold Egypt Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) equipment that can be used by the regime to track, target and crush political dissent over the Internet and mobile phones. Egypt police are preparing to torch vehicles as a pretext for putting down the demonstration. It begins... Wealthy and famous Egyptians flee country on board private jets WikiLeaks Cable thousands of Egyptian military officers trained by US In Jordan, thousands protest over economic policies  call for the government to resign! Mubarak I will ask the government to step down. I will designate a new government tomorrow. Footage of an Egyptian protester getting shot (not graphic, but distressing) 'Army out' in Egyptian capital All internet and text messaging shut down in Egypt. Police threaten, swipe camera from CNN crew in Cairo The most AMAZING video on the internet. Listen to the man at 045 seconds. Lone Nepali Soldier Defends Potential Rape Victim Against *40* Men Al Jazeera shines in protest coverage 
Middle East network applauded for covering protests despite obstacles.  'This is the Arab world's Berlin Wall moment' Huge antigovernment protest in Albania When the former president of Tunisia left he took 1.5 tons of gold with him. That's 58.5 million dollars worth of gold. What a dick. The goal of the protesters in Egypt seems to be to oust dictator Mubarak, and I say we help them by not dropping this issue until he is gone or they give up.  Thanks Reddit World News for being a great source of information on this situation!! 53 dead in Egypt protests on Saturday, 23 in 
Alexandria, 15 in Suez and 15 in Cairo. Egypt protests protesters defy curfew in Cairo Tens of thousands of demonstrators remain on the streets of Egypt's major cities, despite a curfew Incredible video footage showing Cairo demonstrators taking control of bridge, pushing back police The oligarchs in the royal palaces of the Arab world have long lost touch with the realities of their countries and are not aware of the needs of their people. And these are, after all, strikingly simple Can I pay for my bread? Can I find work? What are my personal prospects? Egypt police open fire on protesters at ministry  Al Jazeera TV
| Reuters Without Egypt, Israel will be left with no friends in Mideast New student protests in England  Nobody rioting, so little coverage... This is the Wikileaks document revealing the American government is backing protesters behind the Egypt uprising The IsraeliEgyptian peace treaty is the pillar of the structure in the Middle East, said Edward P. Djerejian, a former American ambassador to Israel and Syria. If the '79 agreement goes asunder, everything falls apart. Everything falls apart. Egypt has arrested over 1000 
UN human rights chief calls for lifting of emergency law, free use of social networks Biden Mubarak Should Not Step Down  Biden...said President Hosni Mubarak should not step down and downplayed the protests spreading across the Mideast as generally unconnected.  World Watches Al Jazeera To See What Happens Next In Egypt  Egypt Mubarak fails to quell riots  Neither Mubarak's words nor tanks stop angry demonstrators calling for his ouster. The Egypt Protests...WARNING SOME IMAGES ARE GRAPHIC. Images 2123 depict Mohamad Atef, the man whose death was recorded on video for people like me who missed the beginning, and is now overwhelmed with information about what's going on in Egypt.   White House wobbles on Egyptian tightrope  While the US favours Egyptian political reform in theory, in practice it props up an authoritarian system for pragmatic reasons of national selfinterest. France has maintained its ban on gay marriage, with a constitutional court ruling that a lesbian couple with four children do not have the right to tie the knot. China Blocks 'Egypt' on Top TwitterLike Service  CBS News Age old tactics coming into play AlJazeera reports that looters on motorcycles have been apprehended by the crowds, turn out to carry government arms, ID's State TV announces Al Jazeera's broadcasting license and press cards are being revoked. Our bureau is packing up. #jan25 Muslim Brotherhood accept Mohammed Elbaradei as leader of Opposition, declare the need for free and democratic elections  religious goals need to be put on the backburner Not cool  Looters destroy mummies in Egyptian Museum When it comes to politics, there is so much bad news. Here's some good news The UK government is scrapping the ID cards and is destroying the National Identity Register Tell everyone Egypt's revolution is sweet and peaceful
No one wants the Muslim Brotherhood to take over, no one wants violence  just elections and a new constitution Egyptian Army Intervenes To Protect Protesters From Police Brutality The USA does not support democracy, they're supporting Israel, which is like their baby, said Ahmed, a 26yearold Cairo resident. They think Egypt is functional because it's in favor of their considerations. Footage of Egyptians being attacked and police vans driving over the top of people Egyptian newspaper Al Masry Al Youm reports that Egypt's defence minister has joined protesters in Tahrir Square.  Protests Spread To Saudi Arabia Wikileaks ISP refuses data handout to Swedish government Will run all customer traffic through an encrypted VPN service Before the army arrived young Egyptians created a human chain at the museum's front gate to prevent looters from making off with any of the artifacts. A colleague in Sudan asked me to post his video of protests there. #Jan30, #Sudan, #Sudanjan30 The Syrians are watching  In the tea shops and internet cafes of Damascus, Syrians are asking what events in Egypt may mean for them. It appears that the Tor network itself has gained bandwidth capacity and geographical scope thanks to people concerned with the situation in Egypt. Hillary Clinton says U.S. not pushing for ouster of Egyptian President Mubarak  Clinton makes clear in TV interviews Sunday that the United States is not demanding that President Hosni Mubarak step down. She also backs away from earlier threats to pull Egypt's billions of dollars in aid. Regardless of the multiple attempts by the Egyptian authorities to deter and impede our reporting, Al Jazeera continues its comprehensive coverage of the landmark events unfolding in Egypt, Wadah Khanfar, the news organisations's director general said. China blocked the word Egypt from microblog searches in a sign that the Chinese government is concerned that protests calling for political reform in the country could spill into China's internet space. Jewish settlers shoot 2 Palestinians No Arab and Muslim human being can bear that some infiltrators, in the name of freedom of expression, have infiltrated into the brotherly people of Egypt  Saudi King  Egypt Death throes of a dictatorship  Statues of Tutankhamun damaged/stolen from the Egyptian Museum EGYPT Al Jazeera shutdown. Australian consular officials attempting to contact its citizens in Egypt directly. US reportedly telling citizens to leave. Is the crackdown about to commence? An Open Letter to President Barack Obama 5 AlJazeera Journalists Just Got Arrested In Egypt Reddit Londoners Please come protest at Gamal Mubarak's house in London tomorrow (Monday) Al Jazeera's website has seen a 2500% increase in traffic...60% of that is from the U.S. Ugandan lesbian awaiting deportation from England, faces certain torture for her sexuality It is being predicted that Tropical Cyclone Yasi, now barrelling towards the Queensland coast, could be its worst storm in recorded history, deluging the already floodravaged state with up to 40 inches of rain. Islands across the Great Barrier Reef are being evacuated and coastal ports closed. The Egyptian Army states that it will NOT use force against protesters. Its spreading, the Syrians are planing a revolution in February 5th. 'Mega protest' planned in Egypt  Al Jazeera English Libya, with Africa's largest oil reserves and the world's ninth largest, imposes a state of emergency for fear of demonstration and rallies. Bradley Manning says he's hopeful about the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt and is excited by young people using technology to organize the protests WikiLeaks Britain secretly advised Libya how to secure release of Lockerbie bomber If they fire on the Egyptian people, Mubarak is finished, she said. And if they don't fire on the Egyptian people, Mubarak is finished. Of such wisdom are Egyptians now possessed. Noam Chomsky provides excellent break down of the situation in Egypt.. Indian Navy destroys pirate mother ship, arrests pirates China censors Egypt protests 
Government of China trying to limit public knowledge of the unrest in Egypt.  The former Jordanian Foreign Minister says No Arab country is safe and no leader is immune from Tunisia's fate if they do not take immediate steps to improve democratic rights. Egypt Now In FULL Internet Blackout 
2214 Egypt's last working internet service provider, Noor Group, is now down, according to a US web monitoring organisation. What may be the largest cyclone EVER is approaching Australia Is Syria next? Opposition movements calling for mass protests against Assad Libya Bans Soccer Matches in Fear of AntiGovernment Protests Learn from our mistakes  Letter from an Iranian to the people of Egypt As protests simmer in Tunisia, and news shifts to Egypt, reforms risk being forgotten. Egyptian Army Will Not Use Force Against Protesters At least 50,000 people in Tahir Sq as Egypt protests enter day 7 For Egypt protests, Google has enabled feature to post to Twitter with just a voice connection Al Jazeera Offers Up Egypt Coverage To Anyone Who Wants To Use It Under Creative Commons License The King Of Jordan just dismissed his government in an attempt to not be the next Egypt Al Jazeera is reporting two million people have showed up in Cairo and hundreds of thousands of protesters are marching in other cities. Julian Assange running for Nobel Peace Prize  Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan No government can survive against the will of its people. The era of governments persisting on pressure and repression is over. . . . We are all passing, and will be judged on what we leave behind. Al Jazeera If we have to use Flip cams in Egypt, we will. If we have to use online in the US, we will. A video interview with a wellspoken protester in Tahir Square Nobody is hearing about protests Sudan because the Government is heavily censoring the press New cables released by Wikileaks reveal that the U.S. government has been quietly anticipating as well as cultivating Omar Suleiman, the Egyptian spy chief, as the top candidate to take over the country should anything happen to President Hosni Mubarak. Human Rights Watch Looters included undercover Egyptian police Report Huge ISPs want perGB payments from Netflix, YouTube... as well from end users Egyptian army vows not to use force on protesters  says their demands are legitimate Hamas blocks Egypt solidarity demonstrations in Gaza; Human Rights Watch reports that Gazan police thwarted local efforts to protest Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak. Prominent Muslims joined Jews and Christians in prayer at Auschwitz on Tuesday in a gesture of interfaith solidarity Stirrings of popular dissent are already underway in Yemen and Jordan too. All the other USbacked monarchies and pseudodemocracies across the region are feeling the heat. The US empire in the region is crumbling. Impoverished Indian families caught in deadly spiral of microfinance debt Small loan schemes devastate the lives of millions of poor people and reveal the dark side of India's economic boom
 Fears that Egypt's uprising may set off escalating protests in the tense Shia region of Saudi Arabia, home to the world's richest oilfields.  Egyptian Girl leaves message for all outside of Egypt. 'I am not scared this time'.  Iran began 2011 by hanging 8 accused drug traffickers on New Year's Day and that was just day one. By the end of January, Iran had executed at least 56 drug offenders Mubarak gives a statement on state television saying he will stand down at the next elections in September 100 dogs in Vancouver, Canada killed after business slows after 2010 Winter Olympics To the great people of Egypt, your armed forces, acknowledging the legitimate rights of the people, stress that they have not and will not use force against the Egyptian people, said the statement. Egyptian author Ahdaf Souief on Jan 24 in India, It's all young people... And it's all really without a leadership, but it's there, it's keeping the streets alive, we've never had as much civil unrest in Egypt as we've had in the last 5 years... And that is good Official Egypt's Mubarak will not seek reelection Clashes have broke out between pro and antigovernment demonstrators in Tahrir Square as protesters claim Mubarak concessions 'insufficient'  Mubarak says he won't stand for reelection in September and will aid a peaceful transition of power. Hundreds of proMubarak supporters attack protesters in Cairo's central square. Situation is escalating. ...it is absurd to think of this as simply clashes between two rival groups. The prodemocracy protesters are unarmed and have been peaceful at every step. But the proMubarak thugs are arriving in buses and are armed  and theyre using their weapons. Internet back up in Egypt ProMubarak supporters are recognizably police dressed as civilians Tony Blair Mubarak is 'immensely courageous and a force for good' Noam Chomsky about Egypt This Is The Most Remarkable Regional Uprising That I Can Remember Anonymous hits Egyptian government sites with fresh DDoS attacks President Saleh of Yemen pledges not to run for reelection in 2013 after 32 years in power. As a kicker, he promises that his son will not run for President, either. What Western governments have to say to Mubarak is irrelevant and, frankly, offensive. They've been supporting the dictatorship politically, financially and militarily for 30 years. VIDEO 'We Can't Get Out' Protestors blocked from leaving Tahrir Square as Army lets in
proMubarak thugs to attack them Cyclone Yasi begins. To fellow redditors living in Queensland stay safe aite. Turkey's prime minister backs Egyptian protesters, urges Mubarak to look around Now this is my kind of news photo [NSFW] WikiLeaks US and China in military standoff over space missiles  WikiLeaks' documents reveal more 9/11 suspects Yemen's leader says he won't stand for reelection or pass the presidency to his son ElBaradei accuses Egyptian govt of scare tactics My fear is that it will turn into a bloodbath, he added, calling the proMubarak demonstrators a bunch of thugs. Raw Video Dramatic New Images of ProMubarak Thugs attacking ProDemocracy protestors with camels and horses Well, it is simple really.  The global elite install a new puppet that they control (such as ElBaradei), and then they get him to agree to huge new loans from the IMF or the World Bank to fix the broken Egyptian economy. BAGHDAD  Security forces linked to Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri alMaliki are operating a secret detention site and elite teams are torturing detainees at a separate facility, Human Rights Watch charged on Tuesday. The cries of loathing for Mubarak are becoming familiar, the posters ever more intriguing. Neither Mubarak, nor Suleiman, and we don't need you Obama  but we don't dislike USA... WikiLeaks nominated for Nobel Peace Prize Egypt Reporters Under Attack  Al Jazeera targeted specifically
		
		The Daily Dish | By Andrew Sullivan