 Iran claims to have proof of USled terror plots, plans to expose it Six police officers who used baseball bats to smash 
up a suspect's car WILL keep their jobs. In 2002, 26 men bought and, to preserve her virginity, anally raped  a 13 year old girl in Mardin. After eight years, Turkish court rules minimum penalty on the grounds that she consented to the act.  Over the last two decades, thanks largely to government policy, the poverty rate in Brazil has halved. With this, income inequality has also fallen sharply. Greek government on brink of collapse


 Greece will be cut adrift if bailout is refused, says EU Human rights groups have presented evidence that the bodies of African refugees have been found in the Sinai desert with organs missing Russia's shrinking population mars Putin's superpower ambitions  Despite Putin's efforts, Russian men die young and women have too few babies. Here's why that matters.
 Palestine to sign a free trade agreement with Latin America's most powerful trade organization, the Mercosur, which includes Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay. Following up on its takedown of a Torbased child pornography host, a group within the Anonymous hacktivist group has published the IP addresses of 190 alleged pedophiles Ordinary Greeks Are Taking Matters Into Their Own Hands  
Grassroots refusal to put up with austerity is quickly gaining momentum, as people give up on mainstream politics News of the World phone hacking number of possible victims is almost 5,800, police confirm Murdoch writes off $91m for shutting News of the World in hacking scandal Study Deepens Mystery of Arsenic in Bengal Basin's Groundwater  This is one of the worst mass poisoning cases in this history of mankind, says geologist.  It's caused a water shortage, illness, & death in a region of over 60,000,000, leaving them unable to use the water even for washing dishes. Fracking company in UK  we caused 50 tremors in Blackpool  but we're not going to stop Egyptian junta pledges to free hundreds after damning prison letter is published Palestinians militants open fire, launch mortar shells at IDF force working on fence in northern Gaza Strip Britain is reportedly moving to support a US strike on Iran, while a poll shows many Israelis in favor of a strike by their country Greece Wont Hold Referendum on Bailout, Finance Minister Venizelos Says Syria Military tanks open fire in Homs in defiance of peace accord, killing 7 civilians Japanese government wants to build backup of Tokyo Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou appears to heading for defeat in a vote of confidence after mounting opposition within his own party to a surprise referendum call on the EU bailout plan. China's great gender crisis  Chinese families have long favoured sons over daughters, meaning the country now has a huge surplus of men. Is it also leading to a profound shift in attitudes to women? Tanks mounted with machineguns have opened fired in the Syrian city of Homs, activists have reported.  Despite plan to end bloodshed Greek crisis Papandreou 'to offer to resign'
 China to phase out incandescent lightbulbs  Energyinefficient lightbulbs will be phased out in five years in a bid to save energy and curb climate change
 Honduras arrests 176 police in corruption purge French paper reprints Mohammad cartoon after firebomb '15,000 strong' army gathers to take on Syria An insurgent army which claims to be up to 15,000 strong is being coordinated from Turkey to take on President Bashar alAssad of Syria, which risks plunging the region into open warfare.
 New figures for 2010 mean that levels of greenhouse gases are higher than the worst case scenario outlined by climate experts just four years ago. Girl, 3, eats leftovers for 2 days after mom dies How the Rise of Islamic Banking is Changing Turkey  Islamic banks do not charge interest, & share the profit & loss risks of their customers News Corp. Journalist Arrested As Hacking Scandal Widens Fadel Soliman, a Muslim, gets kicked out of a Norwegian plane because He was behaving suspiciously.. Only he was, in fact, a Muslim scholar on his way to give a lecture about terrorism. Israeli navy boards Gazabound vessels BBC News  Tibetan Buddhist nun burns herself to death in China Fukushima residents' urine now radioactive Greece PM Papandreou wins confidence vote The 29 Global Banks That Are Too Big To Fail according to the G20 Israeli army testfires missile and practices evacuations, raising fears it may be planning an attack on Iran Tibet is burning What compels a Buddhist nun to burn herself alive?
 Nature Studies by Michael McCarthy Exhausted, deforested landscapes show the truth about overpopulation
 Chinese hospital staff dispose of live baby  'If justice doesn't start now, Libya will become a second Afghanistan'  As Libyans begin to enjoy their newfound freedom, the country faces a myriad of problems in the months ahead. A former exiled Libyan tells Deutsche Welle about the dangers of Libya turning into the next Afghanistan. The infant mortality rate in India's capital city and its environs rose 18.5% between 2009 and 2010 due to a collapse of the public health system. Chinese mine owners exploit Zambian workers, says rights group  Human Rights Watch accuses Chinese owners of endangering Zambian miners.
 Greece's Leader Kills Referendum  Pakistan Carts Its Nukes Around In Delivery Vans Piracy is NOT Theft Problems of a Nonsense Metaphor Ugandan journalist fights for gay rights Homosexuals in Uganda risk being discriminated against, beaten up and raped. Lillian is a Ugandan journalist, who has been granted asylum in Germany. She was lucky, as many asylum applications are denied.  A senior Indian police officer was on Friday night forcibly dumped into an insane asylum after claiming the cheif minister was corrupt. British student fights extradition to US over TVShack link site His attorney argued that O'Dwyer should not be sent to the US because operating a link site, which links to copies of copyrighted movies but does not actually host them, is not a crime under British law One day, dinner with a 16year old Pakistani kid at event to explain US drone policy. Next day, kid killed by drone strike. Anonymous calls off outing of cartel after release of kidnapped member Mexican member of Anonymous released by the Zetas drug cartel ahead of a threat by the Web group to expose details of the crime ring's activities, Mexican television reports Rhino poaching in South Africa has hit a new record high, with 341 of the animals lost to poachers so far this year as blackmarket demand for rhino horn soars, wildlife group WWF said. Global carbon dioxide output soaring US department of energy says greenhouse emissions rose six per cent in 2010, far more than recent worst case scenario. Four million migrating birds will be killed by illegal Spanish hunters this year, many dying a slow, sticky death in traps that literally glue the animals to the ground ...and sold to restaurants for tapas Increasing earthquake activity and harmonic tremors on the Canary Island of El Hierro.  Residences frightened, running out of food.  Landslides happening.  Beginnings of a major eruption? John R. Opel, Who Made I.B.M. a Colossus, Dies at 86. Interns work  and should be paid, lawyers warn ministers. Government legal advice suggests employers are breaking law by not following national minimum wage rules A onemonth old baby, said to hold a diploma, was on the Nigerian government payroll, officials have discovered, exposing the levels to which corruption runs in Africa's most populous country. Ireland closes its Vatican mission following sex scandals, filling its luxurious Vatican embassy with Italian ambassadorial staff instead. 24 Hours at Fukushima, A blowbyblow account of the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl European Union we'll make UK cut bank bonuses Farc leader Alfonso Cano killed Bedouin battle to stay in their villages ends in rubble Swimming Naked In China  
Its obvious that high economic growth has concealed many highrisk and illegal activities and practices that may have bolstered growth, but also sowed the seeds for financial mass destruction. Here's what China has been hiding Contingency plan  If Syria was serious when it signed an agreement with the Arab League to call off its troops and enter into negotiations with the opposition, it has a funny way of showing it.

Already since Wednesday, 40 prodemocracy protesters have died at the hands of security forces

 Pakistan lies. It hosted Osama bin Laden. Its government is barely functional. It hates the democracy next door. It is home to both radical jihadists and a large and growing nuclear arsenal. Its intelligence service sponsor attacks on American troops. With a friend like this, who needs enemies? Greece prepares for departure of George Papandreou  Greece's new leader is likely to be Evangelos Venizelos, who has been reassuring eurozone leaders on bailout crisis BBC News  Nigeria Boko Haram attack kills 63 in Damaturu Anonymous says Facebook attack was never real. The Privileges of Chinas Elite Include Purified Air Saudi Arabia marks first day of Hajj  Security becomes logistical challenge as millions of Muslims make pilgrimage to Islam's holiest site. Italians rally against Berlusconi We are not credible. Im ashamed of how other European countries see us, said one man. It is pitiful. This man (Berlusconi), this marionette, must go away Next month the Dutch parliament is expected to approve a ban on halal and kosher methods of slaughtering animals for food Bank of Canada head Mark Carney, who acknowledges the Occupy protests as entirely constructive, has now been appointed chairman of the international Financial Stability Board. Tunisias Islamistled government rejects laws to enforce religion Former Indian President who is also a scientist  Economic growth will need massive energy. Will we allow an accident in Japan, in a 40yearold reactor at Fukushima, arising out of extreme natural stresses, to derail our dreams to be an economically developed nation? UK BT block isn't working Newzbin has issued a downloadable client to its customers that stops the block, and says 93.5% of active UK visitors have downloaded the blockstopping software Pirate Party banned from Gamex, Swedens largest gaming exhibition, for being too controversial Mexican mayor gunned down ahead of elections  Public health journal publishes cannabis use guidelines Given the prevalence and age distribution of cannabis use in Canada, a public health approach to cannabis use is overdue, Rallies were held in Washington, D.C., and across the globe in support of financial transaction taxes, also called Robin Hood taxes Chinese economic miracle fuels surge in carbon emissions   Greenhouse gas output hits record high as China overtakes US to become world's biggest polluter
 Archbishop of York attacks highpaid executives Dr John Sentamu has attacked the salaries of top executives saying that huge differences between the rich and poor weaken community life and make societies less cohesive.
 Death at Occupy Vancouver camp dooms it to being dispersed.  Israel government, security services websites down in suspected cyberattack Egyptians Call for Day of Action on November 12th to Revive Their 'Stifled' Revolution. Links between Cairo and Occupy movement strengthen as anger grows at actions of military junta. Greece reaches agreement on unity government; Papandreou will resign Cracks Signal Massive Iceberg Forming In Antarctica Police in China's Shandong province have broken up a human trafficking ring which specialised in buying babies from poor migrant couples to sell on to wealthy families.
 Now Berlusconi faces his biggest test. The future of the euro now depends on ability of Italy's premier to rein in his country's spending  Would Obama Greenlight An Israeli Attack On Iran?  There's much talk in Israel about bombing Iran. Hard to judge if Netanyahu/Barak are serious or just trying to intimidate Tehran. But doubtful they'd launch attack without US green light. Here's why they're unlikely to get one IAEA to reveal Iran building nuclear weapons at base near Tehran
 Quebec battling major measles outbreak Banks will be good citizens Banks have ignored their social responsibilities since the 2008 financial crisis. At Barclays, I'm determined to change that, says its CEO Israel army, intel websites down after hacker threat China buys space tracking station in Australia, sees Dongara as major step for its ambitious space program   China also has space stations in Pakistan, Chile, Kenya & Namibia UK ban on blood donation by gay men has been lifted (from r/globalhealth) Russia Israeli threat of strikes on Iran 'a mistake'  Military action against Iran would be a very serious mistake fraught with unpredictable consequences, Russia's foreign minister has warned. Key lesson from Iceland crisis is 'let banks fail' News International hired investigators to spy on hacking victims' lawyers... The warning that Greece was spiraling out of control sounded in mid2009, in a draft report from the IMF. It never reached the outside world. Greek officials complained, so the final version played down the risk that Athens would default. 
      Journalists close to Berlusconi say he will resign Monday
| Reuters

 After shocking incidents, Chinese struggle to instill kindness France unveils $138bn bid to slash deficit  French PM announces austerity measures and tax rises totalling $138bn in bid to eliminate budget deficit by 2016. Underneath Mexico City's bustle lie Aztec wonders  Excavations in the middle of downtown Mexico City have unearthed sacred Aztec sculptures, giving archaeologists a glimpse into ancient rituals. German gold reserves are off limits economy minister    Germany rejects G20 proposals that would see national central banks contribute reserves to an IMFbacked vehicle designed to boost the financial firepower of the eurozone rescue war chest. NZ recording industry fires first guilty until proved innocent shots at alleged pirates The first complaints have gone out to ISPs, and as a result  the first Detection Notices have reached the first alleged offenders Iran will be able to build nuclear bomb within months, IAEA says. Western experts say IAEA report to reveal Iran has already acquired knowledge, technology, and resources to achieve nuclear capability Palestine versus the United Nations The Palestinian bid for statehood has placed the UN in a quandary Asian rhino horn mania drives extinction the last of Vietnam's rhinos are killed European elites should be wary of the Greek spring.

The fear of 'contagion' shouldn't be just about the euro  this Greek resistance could spread across Europe
 Berlusconi denies resignation rumours Italian PM says reports he plans to resign are baseless, but looming vote could take matters out of his hands. Carlos the Jackal, feared Cold War terrorist, goes on trial in France Italy 'needs 300bn euro loan to stand still' The safety of medicines in the UK has been cast into doubt by a fraud inquiry at the European regulator responsible for licensing pharmaceutical drugs across the EU, based in Canary Wharf, London Soviet scientists helped Iran build nuke; Ahmadinejad denies nuclear bomb European leaders are hoping China will be a major contributor to a $1.4trillion bailout fund, but many in the Asian nation are uncomfortable with that prospect. One reason Europeans are still better off than Chinese. Europe's labour laws and welfare systems make workers lazy, says Chinese finance chief Nicaragua Ortega wins third term despite constitutional ban. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi close to resigning The World from Berlin 'The Common Currency Endgame Has Begun'  SPIEGEL ONLINE  News  International The artist Ai Wei Wei has been ordered to pay a fine of 1.6 million euros. To show their solidarity, people in China and elsewhere have made donations that have added up to a sixfigure sum in just three days.  Sarkozy calls Netanyahu a liar, Obama also expresses displeasure with the Israeli PM UK Police will have the right to fire rubber bullets on student protesters as they prepare for huge London demonstration Scotland Yard revealed that the baton rounds have been authorised; the nonlethal 'rubber bullets' would be used only in an emergency such as to rescue officers from attack  A group of Russian scientists came out of an isolation chamber after over 500 days, proving that sending humans to mars may soon be feasible  WikiLeaks founder 'abandonedy Australian govt  KEVIN Rudd and his foreign affairs department have been accused of all but ignoring pleas from Julian Assange's legal team to protect the WikiLeaks founder from a possible death penalty in the US. The Hajj and Eid alAdha 2011 [pics] The Sicilian Mafia Seven year old jailed, tortured and thrown into acid Silvio Berlusconi 'vows to resign' BBC News  Sarkozy called Israeli PM Netanyahu a liar BBC News  Italian crisis Silvio Berlusconi loses majority Cancer spreads to last Tasmanian Devil refuge Berlusconi agrees to resign! Ministers are considering making CCTV compulsory in slaughterhouses in England, Scotland and Wales to help enforce laws against animal cruelty Sarkozy calls Netanyahu a 'Liar' while talking to Obama. Obama replies that he has to deal with him everyday!   Olympus admits hiding losses for decades UN nuclear agency Iran 'studying nuclear weapons' Falun Gong practitioners who have held a long, silent protest in front of the Chinese Consulate here claim the city of Vancouver colluded with the Chinese Communist Party to write a bylaw aimed at ending the vigil; calls bylaw unconstitutional bylaw  Mexican jail raid finds  two peacocks, 100 fighting cocks, two bags of pot, 19 prostitutes, dozens of recentmodel plasma televisions, several bottles of alcohol, and lots and lots of knives. Botswana Country Pushes to Legalise Prostitution Libya's Berbers feel rejected by transitional government  Libya's Berbers, or Amazigh, played a crucial role in the battle against the Gadhafi regime. Now they say they feel let down by the transitional government which has as yet to recognize them and their language. Syrian troops storm Homs district in new offensive, 100 killed over weekend. Despite committing to Arab League ceasefire plan, Assad regime scrambles to clear out Baba Amr, a major center of resistance Australian Senate passes landmark Carbon Tax legislation.  Prostitutes and peacocks found in Mexican jail ... during surprise inspection Met accused of trying to scare off protesters with warning letter. Force writes to anyone previously arrested for public order offences before demonstration in central London on Wednesday
 UN says Syria death toll has passed 3,500 Italy's Berlusconi Agrees To Resign After Passing Austerity Bill Israel imposing steep court fees to prevent lawsuits Palestinians who lost family members in the Israeli offensive in Gaza say they cannot seek compensation due to nearimpossible barriers placed by Israel Woman suffering from severe senile dementia has become the first person in the Netherlands to be given euthanasia even though she could no longer express her wish to die Fossil Fuels Got More Aid Than Clean Energy IEA Former Mossad Chief Seeks to Avert Israeli Attack  Is Israel planning an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities? For months now, former Mossad chief Meir Dagan has been publicly warning against such prospects. He's hoping to prevent what he believes could be a catastrophe. Germany and France have begun talks to break up the eurozone amid fears that Italy will be too big to rescue World headed for irreversible climate change in five years, IEA warns Gangsters decapitate Mexican blogger The fourth blogger is killed in Nuevo Laredo Alcohol worse than ecstasy on shock new drug list Nearly half of China's millionaires are considering leaving the country. The Unmaking of Israel How government policies have caused the surge in ultraOrthodox Judaism in Israel.  Woman claims laughing cops strip searched her Toronto's Tea Party mayor on the rocks  With Rob Ford's record, Toronto ought to be feeling some buyer's remorse  IMF chief warns Europe could push world economy into lost decade
 Huge police presence ahead of student demonstration in UK The largest single police presence to be deployed in Britain since this summers riots will be on the streets today as anarchists threaten to turn the student protest into a sea of rage A gag order is issued on all Israeli officials in wake of UN report.  United Kingdom backs American bid to overturn ban on cluster bombs Sweden Teen girl held as sexslave for a year Greeks pull savings from banks as crisis deepens  Greeks withdrew as much as 5 billion euros  nearly 3 percent of total deposits  after outgoing Prime Minister George Papandreou's shock call last week for a referendum on a euro zone bailout, said one banker, who declined to be named. Nepal's other revolution Red turns to pink  Thanks (unexpectedly) to Maoist rebels, Nepal is emerging as Asia's pioneer for sexual minority rights.
 The French governments second round of austerity measures has gone down a storm with the national press, who say it could serve as the last straw for voters fed up with President Nicolas Sarkozy, just six months before the presidential election.  14th century timepiece unearthed in Qld farm shed (Australia) Up to a third of Hong Kong's 50,000 or so factories in China could downsize or shut by the end of the year Fifa ban the poppy from England kit If you thought Italy was bad...  Italy's finances look shaky but some of its neighbours in the eurozone  and the UK  might be even worse off Mexico City mayor calls drug policy 'schizophrenic' If the US is legalizing marijuana and we're over here killing ourselves on the street over marijuana, that does not make sense, says Ebrard referring to California's efforts to decriminalize the sale and use of cannabis The world's last surviving Sikh warrior master who has devoted his life to learning an ancient martial art is  from Wolverhampton, it has emerged. Occupy Movement Chileans take to the streets with calls for a radical overhaul of the country's forprofit university system Former Israeli president Katsav loses rape appeal ... and will go to prison for seven years India court sentences 31 people to life terms for killing Muslims
 Tom Watson labels James Murdoch 'mafia boss' (VIDEO) Australia cigarette 'plain packaging' law passes Senate Tasers 'If officers have a new toy, they like using it' Africa's Western black rhino declared extinct Study finds thousands of forced marriages in Germany  The German family ministry has for the first time published a study of forced marriage in Germany. The report is based on the findings of hundreds of consultation centers across the country. Iran's Supreme Leader Warns US, Israel Against Strike  Anybody who takes up the idea of an attack on Iran, should get ready to receive a strong slap and an iron fist ;  [Iran] not a nation that only sits and watches threats coming from straw powers, which are internally eaten by worms Human Rights Watch issues report entitled Egypt Military Virginity Test Investigation a Sham ;  anonymous General tells CNN We didn't want them to say we had sexually assaulted or raped them, so we wanted to prove that they weren't virgins in the first place Uganda man jailed for killing gay activist David Kato Dan Snow test fires a machine gun from a WW2 Spitfire which has been recovered from a peat bog in Co Donegal where it had lain buried for 70 years. Roubini Italy Is Doomed And Will Exit EU Unless ECB, Germany Step In Banker Lucas Papademos  who led Greece's transition from the drachma to the euro  is named interim prime minister Officials close Great Pyramids of Giza Friday, due to widespread fears of international masonic and other rituals on 11/11/11 .  Numerologists are anxiously awaiting Friday, when the digital alignment of ones occurs at 1111 am, which some believe will lead to unusual events. EDF fined for spying on Greenpeace nuclear campaign Turkey earthquake topples hotel UK Students Fighting for 'Education for the 99%' Met With Heavy Policing 20 people arrested in the latest display of anger against the Conservativeled government's austerity measures Egypt Passengers attempted to open plane door midflight at 8,000 ft. Security onboard the Cairobound flight thwarted the attack and tied him to seat. Among the 143 passengers was Egypt's Islamic Mufti.  Suspect is disgruntled from losing his job recently. Twitter account to tweet names of Canadas 119,000 fallen soldiers Turkish police fire tear gas in quake city  How can you fire pepper spray on people who have already suffered so much? asks one survivor searching for a tent in the freezing temperature Iran nuclear report Why it may not be a gamechanger after all
 FRONTLINE Ramita Navai goes undercover for a rare look at the uprising from inside Syria. If we didnt shoot at protesters, they would shoot us, one defector told Navai. A sevenyearold Argentine boy has defied doctors' predictions that he would never walk, with help from a homemade rehabilitation device built by his father. Put warning labels on skinny models Norwegian minister, Giant images of airbrushed and digitally altered fashion models could soon come with warning labels if Norway's equality minister succeeds in pushing through a new action plan.  Shell oil spill in Niger Delta has wrecked the lives of 70,000, will take over 30 years to clean, and will cost over $1 billion Mexican cartel calls Anonymous bluff  murders another blogger Israel accidentally kills rabbi mistaken for Palestinian militant Mexican drug cartel tries to silence Internet, kills four chat room users Facebook facing legal action in Germany over its facialrecognition feature. Facebook has introduced this feature in Europe, without informing the user and without obtaining the required consent. Unequivocal consent of the parties is required by both European and national data protection law.  Mystery Radiation Detected 'Across Europe' UNESCO operations halted after losing US funding Iraq's Stolen Memory  All the archive of Saddam's era were taken to the US after the invasion and Iraqis want them back Egypt court bars members of ousted Pres. Mubarak's party from running in elections Those who have wasted the rights and freedoms of others, restricted democracy.. and forged the will of the people in all elections for the past 30 years ... have no right to demand the rights they denied the people 2 Malaysian States Now Punish People for the Crime of Homosexuality.   Malacca's chief minister, Mohd Ali Rustam said, So many people like to promote human rights, even up to the point they want to allow lesbian activities and homosexuality. Economists say three scenarios are most likely to threaten the euro zone a member withdrawal; national resistance to union; and a onesizefitsall monetary policy creating economic havoc. Correction that should read said. This was twelve years ago. Mexican interior minister killed in crash  CNN.com Minimum wage hike coming to Guangdong, the world's factory.   A Chinese mine where 21 workers were killed was being operated illegally A group of armed men have stoned a woman and her daughter to death in Afghanistan. Pakistan  The Ally From Hell, a must read for foreign policy/nuclear enthusiasts Israel has accelerated the installation of antimissile defenses on its airliners, as Libya leaks SAMs.  The locally made 'CMusic' system, costing $1M to $1.5M  per plane, uses a laser to blind heatseeking missiles.  Target date of 2013 for fitting most of the El Al fleet. To Save Our Economy, Ditch Taiwan  NYTimes.com European Union bans its own film on Afghan women in jail for moral crimes 4 Reasons Why Italy's Economy Is Such a Disaster BBC News  S&P accidentally announces downgrade of French debt Ireland's former richest man declared bankrupt CCTV shows buildings collapsing in second Turkey earthquake ISPs in the Netherlands argue that blocking The Pirate Bay would be useless as it could take down the entire network; feel this type of censorship violates basic human rights such as freedom of expression BBC News  Italy crisis Silvio Berlusconi resigns as PM BBC News  Iran explosion at Tehran military base. Tunisia's democracy blooms as model for Arab Spring  Smooth elections, a coalition between moderate Islamists and secularists, and an explosion of civic life are propelling Tunisia forward as a model for the Arab Spring. Up to 200,000 Quebec students stage massive protest over tuition hike with support from social activist organizations and unions German sports clothing manufacturer Puma is developing biodegradable products. The sports clothes can be recycled or thrown on a compost heap. Arab League votes to suspend Syria effective Nov. 16; calls on army to stop the killing of civilians, may impose economic and political sanctions.  Qatari PM issues call to all opposition parties to meet at Leage HQ to agree a unified vision for the transitional period The collapse of the eurozone would cause a crash that would instantly wipe out half of the value of Europes economy, plunging the continent into a depression as deep as the 1930s slump, the president of the European Commission has warned.  Egypts Military Guards Its Own Power Business holdings shrouded in secrecy, estimated 5%45% of  economy.  They have no notion of what democracy is about.. want a stable political system where they can keep their privileges.. exercise some power over the future of Egyptian policy as a whole. French nuclear firm fined 1.5m for spying on Greenpeace. The energy company's former nuclear security chief was sentenced to three years in prison for employing a firm to hack into the energy watchdog's computers
 Egyptian military puts thousand of protesters through military trials. Even as Egypt prepares for parliamentary elections at the end of this month, observers say the army insists on remaining above the law, and silencing its critics. Journalists allowed inside Japan's Fukushima plant for first time ... tell of devastation Police investigating phonehacking at the NoW  have recovered a series of bombshell emails held by the newspaper at a data storage facility in India; police want to question James Murdoch and Rebekah Brooks about their contents
 NPR.org &raquo; Western Black Rhino Declared Extinct In Argentina, graffiti goes highbrow  A vibrant tradition of street art has become a bonafide movement
 Police arrest EDL members to avert planned attack on Occupy London protesters. Dangerous Volcano Spurs Rival Nations to Cooperate  
The volcano beneath a calmlooking lake has grown restive, inspiring a rare collaboration between Chinese & Korean scientists Mexico's interior minister killed in helicopter crash Its war against brutal drug cartels suffered a devastating blow the crash killed the countrys top security official in charge of the fight against cartels Saudi, French, Turkish Diplomatic Missions in Syria attacked by crowds We sacrifice our blood and our soul for you, Bashar.  Diplomat  They did a fair bit of damage to the Saudi embassy. We do not have the full picture from Latakia, but the attacks there appear to have been really bad Kidnapped baseball player Ramos found alive in Venezuela
| Reuters

 China strains Germanys solar dominance Can an industry built on government support survive lowcost Asian competition?
 UK police arrested more than 170 farright activists near Londons main war memorial, saying the officers acted to prevent a breach of the peace Lebanon  Hezbollah leader Nasrallah blasts US over Iran, Syria, Hariri.  The United States needs to put up a smoke screen ... and has launched a campaign of intimidation that talks about attacks against Iran and Syria so as to deflect attention from its searing defeat in Iraq Greece turns to Iranian oil as default fears deter trade Brazilian 'drug lord' sees reign as 'king of the hill' ends Rio's most wanted man, who allegedly presided over 35m cocaine racket, caught in boot of Toyota Corolla while fleeing Shark fin soup disappearing from the menu at Chinese weddings Couples marrying in Hong Kong and mainland China swayed by conservation groups' campaign to ban shark trade Silvio Berlusconi has officially resigned. Israel has refused to reassure President Barack Obama that it would warn him in advance of any preemptive strike on Iran's nuclear capabilities, raising fears that it may be planning a goitalone attack Arab spring + European autumn = Mediterranean crisis.   Almost all the countries round the Med are gripped by instability or uncertainty; one of the oldest and most fruitful nurseries of human progress in history. If we dont change direction soon, well end up where were heading, warns International Energy Agency  Unless dramatic action is taken by 2017, so many additional billions of tons of emissions will be locked in that a temperature increase exceeding 2 degrees will become inevitable. 
 Cigarette Clampdown  
Australia passes law to make packets even offputting  Australians are already confronted by graphic images of death & disease on cigarettes packs.  But come Dec, warnings will be bigger, more gruesome & on a monochrome paper backing. Brazilian Forces Invade Rio's Largest Slum  
Brazil sent 3,000 troops into Rocinha, the hillside shanty town overlooking Rio de Janeiro, to drive out crime & violence in advance of the 2014 World Cup Swiss Muslims outraged after pig carcass, swine heads, litres of blood found at proposed mosque site.  Flyer This was done to protest against the growing expansion of Islam in Switzerland.  Police We can't say yet it is a hate crime in those words, but it could've been done to stop the mosque Egypt Elections To Be Monitored by Occupy Wall Street GA approved $29,000 to send 20 observers, to work to protect and support the civilian monitoring efforts of Egyptian activists on the ground and constitutes a concrete stand against the use of American weapons against peaceful demonstrators. UK Drugs policy advisor under fire over links to pharmaceutical company Emirates to buy 50 Boeing 777s worth $18 billion After former Indian President Abdul Kalam boarded his plane in JFK, US security personnel forced crew to open doors, checked his jacket and boots for explosives. [xpost from /r/WTF] Staring into the abyss The euro crisis might wake Europe up. But more likely, argues Edward Carr, it will lead to compromise and decline The eBay ambulance that went to Libya....so he bought an ambulance for the rebels and drove it from his house in Manchester to his home country 'Naked marriages' on rise in China  
As costs soar in the cities, more couples in China are opting for 'naked marriages'  those without the oncerequired trappings of a house, a car, & other goods Video Activist reports of killings in Syria Geist US could claim millions of Canadian domain names in piracy battle Sudan rebels form alliance to oust president Rebels in Darfur, Blue Nile and South Kordofan say they want to replace Bashir's government with democratic system. Libya Fighters clash near Tripoli, several dead Another Iranian nuclear scientist murdered in Tehran Iran says Duqu malware under 'control'  The virus takes advantage of a previously unknown vulnerability in a Windows fontparsing engine to plant malicious code.
Similarities between Duqu & Stuxnet have prompted speculation that the same culprits might be involved. How Greece Exposed Europe's Potemkin Democracy  
Its not surprising that  Greeces proposed referendum elicited such outrage. Europe doesnt work like that. Demonstrators return to protest against financial markets Demonstrators showed up in force in two of Germany's major cities to protest against the influence of the global financial markets over the political process. The protests came as the eurozone faces an uncertain future. Legends of the Euro Fail  Paul Krugman




 Topless Ukrainian Activist Detained in Vatican After Protesting Under Pope's Balcony  
Feminists take their fight for women's rights to the Holy See Scottish school removes concrete play area and replaces with Urban Jungle containing trees, hills, boulders and tunnels.  Over a 2 year period results in 80% fewer accidents!  Roman Catholic church's paedophile investigator jailed for possessing thousnds of child porn images Indonesians killed 750 endangered orangutans in a year  Such practices, never before quantified, are believed to be a more serious threat to the existence of the red apes Fury over young activist publishing nude selfphoto  In an unprecedented move, a young Egyptian female on Sunday dared to publish a nude photo of herself, along with other nude photos, on her blog as an act of free personal expression. Norway's Anders Behring Breivik in open court hearing New arrest as Germany links neoNazis to 10 murders  Murdoch Paper Was Spying On The British MPs Investigating It Arab leaders shouldn't kill their people?  Arab Spring endures. Arab League freezes Syria's membership, because government has killed thousands of opponents. It may not stop Assad, of course. But since when did Arab leaders care about regimes killing their own people? Indigenous pygmy groups are being exploited by the Congo's ethnic Bantu people, and sometimes subject to slavery, according to a study by a Congolese human rights grou 
Selfimmolations spread from Tibet The plight of Tibetans looks more desperate than ever Iran buried Monday a senior military officer it called the architect of its missile defences, killed in a massive explosion at a Revolutionary Guards' arms depot that authorities said was an accident. Roman Catholic church's paedophile investigator jailed for possessing thousnds of child porn images[Fixed Source] 'Iran opposition will unite with government should Israel attack'. Former president Mohammad Khatami, a harsh critic of Ahmadinejad, says all Iran factions will unite if faced with Israeli military strike. A Glimpse Into North Korea Undercover policeman admits spying on Danish activists  
Mark Kennedy says he infiltrated community centre, obtaining intelligence that helped police storm it and close it down King Abdullah of Jordan has said Syrian President Bashar alAssad should step down in the interest of his country.  No cheering allowed for Japanese fans at North Korean soccer game in Pyongyang.  British newspaper throws open its office doors, letting readers peer over reporters' shoulders  digitally, at least.  'Guardian' editor says that in the wake of the phone hacking scandal, which shut down Murdoch's 'News of the World', people have a greater interest in seeing how news is made. Rape Cases Soar in Somali Camps   Armed gangs of young men are roaming around, often high on khat, raping women who have no clan support.   Almost all the rapists get away with it & know they can get away with it.  NeoNazis Suspected in Long Wave of Crimes, Including Murders, in Germany Thailand's Disastrous, SlowMoving Flood Visualizing how we got to 7 billion Deadly blast hits China city Xian Freetrade agreements Opening up the Pacific | The Economist Egypt's Copts in peril The country's Christian minority losing hope of winning rights What We Can Learn From the Dutch About Teen Sex Syria's loodiest day' leaves scores dead  At least 70 people reportedly killed over past 24 hours as security forces clash with defectors. Israel continues withholding on $100M in taxes owed to Palestinians  Egyptian womens group calls on men to try the veil Hacking Update At Least 28 Murdoch Employees Appear In PIs Detailed Notes  China peace prize awarded to Russia's Putin Deutsche Bank CEO under investigation for giving false testimony  Prosecutors are investigating the head of Germany's biggest bank, Josef Ackermann, on charges that he gave false testimony during the 2002 bankruptcy trial of German media tycoon Leo Kirch. Swiss police on Tuesday evicted antibanker protesters from the Lindenhof, an ancient square in one of the oldest parts of Zurich  China Tightens Media Grip, insisting that media outlets dont report on stories that appear in social media until theyve been verified. 
 WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange launches new extradition appeal Interview With Iranian Foreign Minister 'We Are Prepared for Everything'  Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi, 62, dismisses accusations that Iran is building a nuclear bomb as Western propaganda and accuses Tehran's enemies of waging a secret war against it.  Europeans accuse Berlin of using the euro crisis to boost German power Mossad linked to massive explosion at Iranian facility Radioactive soil in Japan unsafe for farming, say scientists ... after taking a second look Mongolia bids to keep city cool with 'ice shield' experiment  
Geoengineering trial aims to 'store' winter temperatures in a giant block of ice that will cool & water Ulan Bator in summer  Less Than 1% of Sharks Caught in Atlantic Protected  
Most shark species are still being caught & killed despite heading towards extinction, Oceana report says Israel allows building material into Gaza for first time since 2006 Pakistan puts hand up for Aussie uranium President Obama is expected to announce a troop presence in Australia Five years later Mogadishu little changed Five years after channel's launch, Al Jazeera returns to Somali capital and finds people still living in fear. Hokey Pokey  

Fund manager discusses continuing euro crisis. There is no way to meaningfully restructure Italian debt without wiping out the capital base of Europe's banks, and forcing the nationalization of the entire European banking system  Deadly protest over chemical plant in northern Egypt.  One dead and at least 11 people injured in clashes between army and protesters, who have sealed off the port town of Damietta.  Protests, that have lasted six days, are against pollution from existing plant and plans to build two more. Israeli officials lied to Gaza ship crew Jordan's king is the first in the region to urge Assad to step down
 Egyptian activists nude selfportrait causes online fury EU has banned the use of Xray body scanners in European airports, parting ways with the US TSA which has deployed hundreds of the scanners as a way to screen millions of airline passengers for explosives hidden under clothing China Man sets fire to himself in Tiananmen Square Young UK jobseekers told to work without pay or lose unemployment benefits. People taking up work experience places  providing up to 30 hours a week of unpaid labour  face losing benefits if they quit
 Chevron's Oil Spill Off Brazil Could Be 10 Times Bigger Than Official Estimates The internet lost its collective mind earlier this week, when a Reddit user stumbled across what appears to be a monumental military/science experiment going on in a Chinese desert The New Young Turks OverEducated, TechSavvy, and Jobless
 The BBC has dropped a climate change episode from its wildlife series Frozen Planet to help the show sell better abroad.  UK Young jobseekers told to work without pay or lose unemployment benefits
 Turkey to Syria ''No regime can survive by killing or jailing'
 Did U.S. troops bring democracy? Iraqis have doubts Syrian deserters strike military target France's nuclear watchdog said it had detected traces of radioactive iodine in the air last week after similarly low contamination was reported by the Czech Republic, Poland, Slovakia and Austria. Oil price again flirting with $100 per barrel The central bank of Canada introduced a polymerbased $100 bill. The thin, shiny, hightech, recyclable bill is reportedly almost impossible to rip and thought to be nearly counterfeitproof. Six Palestinian activists calling themselves freedom riders after the campaigners of the American civil rights movement have been arrested while attempting to enter Jerusalem on an Israeli bus carrying settlers through the occupied West Bank. GERMANY  Scandal grows over Secret Service link to NeoNazis (one agent had Mein Kampf copy and was called Little Adolf) Lessons from Iceland How to reorder a failed society To Troll A Predator guys under investigation. City of London to restart legal action to evict Occupy protesters  The Large Grids in China's Desert are spy satellite calibration targets, used to orient satellites in space; their size indicates that the cameras have poor resolution.  WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on Tuesday applied for the chance to take his extradition appeal to Britain's Supreme Court Russians are leaving the country in droves Some chafe at life under Vladimir Putin's rule, but for many others, economic limitations are the prime motivator. Experts say the numbers have reached demographically dangerous levels. Study finds parts of Japan no longer safe for farming Chechen poet Ruslan Akhtakhanov shot dead in Moscow  A prominent poet from Chechnya, Ruslan Akhtakhanov, has been shot dead in Moscow.  Israeli Army May Need To Hit Gaza, General Says
 Save the Internet The US Congress is debating a law that would give them the power to censor the world's internet  creating a blacklist that could target YouTube, WikiLeaks and even groups like Avaaz! The State Wants To Know What You're Up To. But Why Do We Let It?  Biting commentary on Britain's surveillance society. Now so bad that councils want to film and record all conversations in taxis. This isn't about diminishing evil, it's about a desire to control. The next financial crisis will be hellish, and its on its way UltraOrthodox in Jerusalem fight to remove women from public sphere   Belarus, The Land Of No Applause  
Economy a wreck, presidentforlife a wildeyed thug. Belarus slews from authoritarianism into totalitarianism. Law prohibits action or inaction that has been planned beforehand and is a form of public expression Climate change is causing our oceans to become increasingly acidic, threatening to alter life as we know it. Thousands storm parliament in Kuwait Hundreds of passengers traveling from India to Britain were stranded Thursday in Amritsar, India, by the charter airline Comtel, which was asking them to kick in money to cover the cost of fuel and fees. Passengers will not be allowed to leave unless they paid 10,000 rupees (about $200) each Israeli DF says if he were Iran he would probably want a nuke. I don't delude myself that they are doing it just because of Israel. They look around, they see the Indians are nuclear, the Chinese are nuclear, Pakistan is nuclear... Russias military chief Potential conflicts near Russian borders may grow into nuclear war Protests in Italy turn ugly ahead of Monti unveiling crisis plan.In Palermo, Sicily, demonstrators hurled eggs and smoke bombs at a bank, and protesters threw rocks at police who battled back with pepper sprays. Eyeing China, India to enter ICBM club in 3 months Interest rates have jumped sharply for France, Belgium, Austria, Finland and the Netherlands. This has fueled fears that the eurozone's sovereign debt crisis could be about to spread even further. Mexico's presidential rival has a new answer to the drug war He would send the army back to their barracks and focus on growing the economy The discovery of a neoNazi terror cell in Germany has many concerned about the country's reputation. With good reason. Racism and xenophobia have deep roots in German society  and the vocabulary used to describe the rightwing extremist crime spree is telling. Eurogroup head JeanClaude Juncker Germany has higher debts than Spain, the only thing is that no one wants to know about that India minister says Funds meant to provide work to India's rural poor have been diverted by corrupt officials spent on toys. You can take our balls, but you can't take our freedom  Students at Earl Beatty School in Toronto protest the ball ban.  France needs to upgrade all nuclear reactors

 Radioactive caesium has been detected above the safety level in rice for the first time in Japan since the nuclear crisis began at the Fukushima plant. Plane passengers 'held to ransom' and forced into 20,000 whipround for fuel The book was banned and the author jailed before it was published, but on Wednesday a group of fellow journalists and writers in Turkey launched Ahmet Siks The Army of Imam at an annual book fair Vatican takes legal action over popeimam kissing ad Brazil 2010 census shows changing race balance, for the first time, nonwhite people make up the majority of Brazil's population, according to preliminary results of the 2010 census.  The Pakistan Telecommunications Authority sends mobile phone operators a list of hundreds of obscene words to be banned from text messages. Neutrinos still faster than light in latest version of experiment Bill would make wearing masks during riots a crime By my calculations, at least 10 times as many girls are now trafficked into brothels annually as African slaves were transported to the New World in the peak years of the transAtlantic slave trade. Indian activist who fought mining companies brutally murdered by a mob of 2530 men President Santos of Colombia is very brave, because any political leader who advocates the legalization of narcotic drugs will become a prime target of the prohibition industry. He has chosen to do it anyway EU Parliament Massively Commits to Net Neutrality and Open Internet European parliament opposes Us's antipiracy law.
The integrety of the global internet and communication must be protected by not taking unilateral decisions regarding taking down ipadressess or domains In Egypt, tens of thousands of protesters on Friday gathered in Cairo and Alexandria for a mass rally to push the county's military rulers to hand over power to a civilian government Goldman Sachs conquers Europe  Occupy London Stock Exchange protestors say they have repossessed empty offices in east London belonging to Swiss bank UBS.
 Slaves freed after CNN documentary
 Report Russia warships to enter Syria waters in bid to stem foreign intervention Neutrino experiment repeat at Cern finds same result Israel effectively annexes Palestinian land near Jordan Valley Vietnam plans to pour $600 million into building Southeast Asia's most advanced space center Being 'Out' in Saint Petersburg Could Soon be Illegal for Gays Thousands of Kuwaitis storm Parliament, demand resignation of corrupt Prime Minister.  Russian military chief warns of nuclear war Privatisation, But No Private Property  
Who owns Russia's wealth? In the end, nobody. Law doesn't protect property rights. State seizes, extorts whatever it can. Yet the state is itself a mass of competing mafias. Economy is a permanent struggle for control Eurozone debt web Who owes what to whom? interactive Pie graph  Dozens hurt as Coptic Christians demanding justice for October massacre are attacked in Cairo, Egypt Wave Of Suicides Among Indian Farmers Tens of thousands protest in Egypt Rally called by both Islamist and secular groups aimed at pressing military rulers to hand power to civilian government. Crisis in Europe, Transformation in China  Chinese leaders know that, with Europe and the U.S. struggling, they can't rely on exports forever. China's future may hinge on whether its leaders can make the necessary changes in time. Nepal begins reintegration of Maoist fighters  Thousands of former fighters will be asked whether they want to join army or accept up to $11,500 to start new lives. New video footage captured by a tuna industry whistleblower has been released by Greenpeace, which reveals the routine slaughter of other marine species, including whale sharks, rays and whales Chinese poet Liao Yiwu recently moved to Germany, where his books are bestsellers. His selfimposed exile has allowed him to finally publish his memoir, which reveals the abuses and torture he suffered during his years in prison. The book is a shocking indictment of the Chinese justice system. Chinese Fund Managers Sentenced to Death Europe bans 'naked' airport scanners over cancer fears   Chinese Fund Managers Sentenced to Death after 
Cheating Investors out of 1 Billion USD   Agent Orange  Photo gallery from Vietnam. The war ended in 1975 but children are still being born with birth defects, allegedly as a result of the US military's use of Agent Orange during the conflict In a blunt warning amid an escalating crisis, the Harper government declared Friday that Canada stands ready to join with other nations in preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. 'Gaddafi's son captured' in Libya China bristles at US troop build up in Australia  US decision to send 2,500 troops to Australia has not gone over well in China.
 Shoplifters caught stealing from a Dollar Store in northern Sweden can avoid being reported to police if they agree to wear fullbody sign outing them as a thief. Spains brain drain pain young talent heads abroad for a better future, with 21 percent unemployment, the brightest flee to Germany, the US and even Brazil.
 Turkey and Jordan, backed by Western and Arab powers, are preparing to set up two safe zones for civilians inside Syria if President Bashar Assad did not sign on to an Arab plan aimed at ending a bloody crackdown on antiregime protesters by Saturday.  Neutrinos still faster than light  The Italian Institute for Nuclear Physics (INFN), which runs the Gran Sasso lab, has just confirmed the earlier result based on a reexamination of the old data. Crucially, it also replicated the finding with an allnew batch of neutrinos. Ethiopian troops 'cross border into Somalia' Britain's 'most wanted' killed in a CIA drone attack in Pakistan Otaku Culture And Cultural Soft Power  
Japan's economic collapse offset by boom in Internetdriven youth and marginal culturesmanga, cinema etcwhich sent Japan's national cool quotient soaring. Lost status as industrial power, gained status as cultural superpower Masked gunmen attack Brazilian Indian leader in shock execution  Survival International China's Green Growth Potential Could Create 9.5 Million New Jobs'  
There's a  Jeckyl & Hyde nature to the environmental situation in China, which can claim both the world's biggest investment in new energy & the most dangerous levels of pollution Norway an Eden with wifi Violence Erupts in Cairo, Even as Military Cedes Political Ground Hidden in Plain Sight  Facts and Myths about Germany's FarRight Extremists Peruvian Government Accused Of Secretly Sterilizing Thousands Of Women China won't be riding to the rescue any time soon  There are risks involved trillions of dollars stashed in China, and trillions in debt accumulating on the other side, all waiting to tip into disarray.  Syrian President Bashar alAssad said the crackdown on antigovernment unrest in his country would continue in the face of pressure from the Arab League to end it. Nobody leads polls ahead of Greek election Medical myth is dooming the rhino to extinction 'Driven by an urban myth in Asia  that a Vietnamese politician had his liver cancer cured by powered rhino horn  the price of horn has shot up to $38,000 per kilo, more than the price of cocaine, and approaching the price of gold.' LittleKnown Canadian Pipeline Plan Threatens British Columbia & Great Bear Rainforest  One of the largest unspoiled temperate rainforest left in the world, it's home to 1,000yrold Western Red Cedar, 90 metre Sitka Spruce, salmon, moose, & wolves.   Mexico has a stunning 7.8 million young people who neither work nor study, according to a new government study. The so called ni nis or neither nors are believed to be a major cause of instability in Mexico, with the unemployed youth providing an army of potential recruits for drug cartels.
 Ministers are planning legal action to restrict public protests during the Olympics, amid fears that Britain could be disrupted by lengthy and highprofile demonstrations. Dozens of Israeli women strip in support of Egyptian blogger It's not just our leaders who are in a crisis. Democracy itself is failing. New Italian government does not include a single elected politician  Telegraph Iceland government probes why a Chinese tycoon 
wants a big chunk of its land  Egypt protests More violence in Tahrir Square. 2 killed and 600 injured Kenya finds cleaner government is just a keystroke away  Kenya is promoting cleaner government by computerizing many of the tasks that used to be handled by bureaucrats  who might seek bribes to expedite requests. Pirate To Join European Parliament As Youngest Member Amelia Andersdotter will be the second Pirate Party member to take a seat at the European Parliament in Brussels  Egyptian riot police have clashed for a second day with rockthrowing protesters demanding that the ruling military quickly announce a date to hand over power to an elected government.  Secretive North Korea is expected to register the one millionth cellphone user on its new 3G network by the end of the year, barely four years after people were thrown into prison camps, or possibly even executed, for owning one. When bankers were good.Far from being socially useless, Victorian financiers campaigned to end slavery, built homes for the poor and saved fallen women.  Dominican presidential candidate and head of one of the parties that make up the current government favors drug legalization Luis Acosta Moreta says drug prohibition creates corruption and social decay Japans nuclear crisis leaves behind wasteland In the 12mile zone around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant, the world has stood still since March 11. Some 78,000 people lived here; only a handful have been permitted to return. Khmer Rouge trio face trial in Cambodia  Survivors recall torture and executions as former Brother Number Two and two other Pol Potera officials face justice. Syria Baath Party in Damascus hit by rockets At least two rocketpropelled grenades have hit a building of Syria's governing Baath Party in the capital Damascus, residents and activists say. Egyptian forces burn protest tents in Tahrir CAIRO (AP)  Egyptian soldiers and police set fire to tents in the middle of Cairo's Tahrir Square and fired tear gas and rubber bullets in a major assault Sunday to drive out thousands of protesters after two days of clashes. China vice premier sees chronic global recession  A longterm global recession is certain to happen and China must focus on domestic problems, Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan has said. Three Killed and hundreds inured in an Egyptian police and army assault on protesters in Tahrir Square BBC News  How much has Egypt really changed? Centerright wins Spain election
 Germany The reluctant superpower Arab League rejects Syria demand Egypt  Pile of bodies spotted in Tahrir Square, surrounded by police. This is How Terrifying Cairo is Tonight  
Horrifying video & images are emerging of Egyptian security forces beating protesters in Cairo, as reports of military units firing into the crowds continue to spread. Pakistani government orders all text messages sent from mobile phones that contain any of a list of over 1000 obscene words be censored. Phone networks struggling to cope.   Tragically, widespread newspaper abuse has become so endemic, it has crippled the country's ability to conduct a sensible debate about the war on drugs  Charlie Brooker/The Guardian Latest update on Egypt unrest 22 dead and 1500 injured Israeli right wing group mapping Jerusalem businesses that employ Arabs The goal of Hebrew Labor project is 'to warn the public' against buying from businesses that employ Arabs. Violence in Cairo may be leading toward a second uprising Russian Martial Arts Fans Boo Putin at Televised Event BBC News  UK's debts iggest in the world' It's five times more than the value of everything we produce. Chevron takes full responsibility for oil spill off the coast of Brazil.  Rightwing group mapping Jerusalem businesses that employ Arabs  Meir Ettinger, a resident of the West Bank settlement of Yitzhar, says goal of Hebrew Labor project is 'to warn the public' against buying from businesses that employ Arabs. Egypt's Military Takes Off the Mask   The military justice system should never be used to investigate or prosecute civilians. Military courts are fundamentally unfair, as they deprive defendants of basic fair trial guarantees. Report Hezbollah captures U.S. spies in Lebanon, Iran Spanish socialists hit record low in Spanish elections, conservatives obtain absolute majority. Deadly New Clashes in Egypt's Tahrir Square [pics] Egypts Civilian Government Submits Offer to Resign A Credit Crisis in China's Most Enterprising City Is Making the Country Nervous Globally, Aidsrelated deaths are at the lowest level since their 2005 peak, down 21%, figures from UNAids suggest. U.S. spy rings busted in devastating blow. Iran and Hezbollah round up more than a dozen CIA spies after what some are calling major tactical blunders. Turkey warns Assad against ruling through violence You can remain in power with tanks and cannons only up to a certain point, Turkish PM Erdogan said.  Turkish bus ambushed by Syrian gunmen Bahrain has charged 20 members of its security forces with abusing protesters during recent antigovernment demonstrations In Tahrir Square, unmoved by cabinet resignation, tens of thousands of people chanting 'The people want the downfall of the Field Marshal (Scaf head Mohamed Hussein Tantawi). Bangladesh war crimes trial begins in Dhaka  A leader of a Bangladesh Islamist party has gone on trial accused of crimes against humanity during the country's independence struggle against Pakistan. The New Wild West West Africas Petroleum Act,  guided by agreements with oil companies, was rushed through as an emergency bill, & few people were consulted. Oil should be an economic boon for the country, but watchdog groups fear devastating impact on humans & environment Voice of Russia The US and the West have long criticized China for stifling dissent and for censorship but now they are not only joining China but they are taking censorship even further and attempting to censor the whole world Pope Benedict XVI backtracks, says AIDS is an ethical problem that needs medical solution, and NOT spread by condoms. South Korean Legislator Sets Off Tear Gas Bomb in the National Assembly The AntiCounterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) provisions are so vague that it will go against fundamental freedoms and lead to privatized online censorship! Swedish man bursts into flames while waiting for train Occupy Vancouver complies with eviction notice and moves oneblock away Rich nations 'give up' on new climate treaty until 2020  Ahead of critical talks and despite pledge for new treaty by 2012, biggest economies privately admit likelihood of long delay
 Egyptians Confront Police Violence, Forced Virginity Tests, & Torture to Save Their Revolution Egyptian government resigns China Sentences to Death Tycoon in Real Estate Funding ScamTo Restore Consumer Confidence Extent of injuries to children in private UK jails revealed Tibetan Monks/Nuns Burning Selves over Chinese Occupation of Tibet South African state secrecy bill is passed. Archbishop Tutu condemns South Africa 'secrecy bill'  Nobel Peace laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu has strongly condemned a new media law, which South African MPs are set to vote on shortly. Egyptian calling for Second Revolution as death toll rises Egypt's Military Accepts Cabinet's Resignation, Sets Elections for Next Year  

The ruling military council in Egypt has accepted the resignation of the country's entire cabinet in the face of demonstrations that have increased in fervor over the last 4 days, & offered to end its rule by July 2012. British firm loses at least $19,500 after being swamped with orders. 102,000 cupcakes! Small bakery burned by Groupon. Facebook, taking its cue from China apparently, censors Ai Weiwei photos featuring nude artist + women South African National Assembly passes Protection of State Information Bill, which allows any organ of state to classify any document, with jailtime for whistleblowers. Egypt activists call for 'millionman' rally Tuesday, demand transition to civilian government  Final Qaddafi Regime Kingpin Captured  
The last major figure from the ousted regime has been caught Intelligence chief Abdullah Senussi. Egypt military 'agrees new government' Israeli rape crisis centers get record number of calls following Katsav verdict
42 percent of calls dealt with rape or attempted rape, 23.4 percent with incest, 10.4 percent reported indecent act, 7.9 percent over sexual harassment at work.  Budget Cuts Threaten Denmark's Renown Science Assessment Body  The world leader at involving the public in science policy is on the chopping block.  It's a loss for the person in the street. Its demise will save 6m Danish kroner (less than 1m) now & 1.3m each year. We were sacrificed. Crowds In Tahrir Immediately reject Offer for July Exit of Ruling Military Council James Murdoch resigns as director of Sun, Times and Sunday Times Afghan woman's choice 12 years in jail or marry her rapist and risk death Portugal decriminalized all drug use in 2000. Since then, contrary to expectations, drug use hasn't risen significantly  and use among adolescents decreased.  Murdoch's News Corp accused of trying to bribe Australian senator Egyptian Army Captain joins revolutionaries in Tahrir, says the armed forces belong to the people, and should never be above the people., and attempts to pass constitutional amendments that put the military council above the rest of Egyptian society are a very dangerous issue. Canadian RCMP watch porn on the job instead of investigating missing women. Harassed female officer and shared their 'fantasy' with her They wanted to see Willie Pickton escape from prison, track me down and strip me naked, string me up on a meat hook and gut me like a pig. Tear Gas in Tahrir Square  
I havent felt such clarion will since the revolution. It feels like another one may be beginning   Everyone is angry. You can sense it. Everyone has lost patience. The more violent they are, the more people come.




    
 Russia Prepares to Destroy U.S. Shield, Medvedev Says  Businessweek Uganda  the Coffee King Desperate for a Downpour  Villagers have no scientific understanding of why it's hotter & there's less rain, but they instinctively believe it's because there are fewer trees. Though among the lowest polluters in the world, they argue they should plant more trees.


 Thailand lese majeste man jailed for 20 years. A man who sent text messages deemed insulting to Thailand's monarchy has been jailed for 20 years. Peruvian mayor claims metal in the drinking water is making his town gay African Union declares the Lord's Resistance Army terrorists Signal picked up from Russia's stranded Mars probe Landmine use 'highest since 2004' despite record clearances  More countries deployed antipersonnel mines last year than in any year since 2004, an international survey of landmines has found. The Turkish prime minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, has apologised for the killing of more than 13,000 Kurds by the Turkish military in the late 1930s.  Libyan PM snubs Islamists, names cabinet of secularists. Turkish PM apologizes over 1930s killings of Kurds Mining tax a step closer for Australia after passing lower house  

30% levy on the biggest profits from minerals boom will fund infrastructure, pensions & business tax cuts MOSCOW (AP)  Russia's president threatened on Wednesday to deploy missiles to target the U.S. missile shield in Europe if Washington fails to assuage Moscow's concerns about its plans General Strike to be held in Greece Clandestine photos from Syria  Some of the few that made it out of the country German 10year bond auction a disaster UNESCO Promotes Syria to Human Rights Position 
The right to die in Canada An emotional plea from a disabled woman reignites the debate In West Africa, a Radio Station (Built From Podcasts)   
It's one of the most turbulent regions in the world. That's why West Africa Democracy Radio is promoting open society through their broadcasts they've hacked together from technology designed for music sharing  EU court rules that ISP can't be forced to block file sharing Brazil suspends Chevron's drilling rights Slavery thrives in Chinese prisons, selling products to the West Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemns international supporters of Arab prodemocracy protests, expresses nostalgia for Mubarak regime. Iran 'arrests 12 CIA agents' Saleh steps down The Axis of No  How the Arab Spring made accidental allies out of Moscow and Beijing. 
 Video shows Egypt's Central Security Forces unilaterally breaking a twohour old truce with protesters unprepared for the latest wave of tear gas attacks.  Crowds were chanting peaceful, peaceful and Whoever loves Egypt, doesn't wreck Egypt. Russia reminds the U.S. it still has nuclear missiles. The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, which underwrites AIDS treatment for about half the people getting it in developing countries, announced Wednesday that it will make no new grants for the next two years because of the worldwide economic downturn. The Iranian Threat by Noam Chomsky Cameroon jails men over gay sex. A court in Cameroon sentences three men to five years in prison for homosexual acts, which are illegal in the central African nation Frustrated Delhi man slaps one of India's most (allegedly) corrupt politicians Sharad Pawar  The actual video, interview with the man & reactions from India's top level leaders Libyan rebels detaining thousands illegally, Ban Kimoon reports Mona Eltahawy I was sexually assaulted by Egypt police Egyptian Military Using Nerve Gas on Protesters Report U.S. carrier sent to Syrian coast as tensions flare European debt crisis rattles Germany Libyan government holding 7,000 prisoners, UN says Portugal braces for general strike against austerity cuts Swiss grapple with history of forced child labor The decadence of the West  Chinas governing class has its eye on history. Ours has its eye on the next election and next quarters earnings. If the time horizons remain this different, and the stewardship gap this huge, whos a better bet to come out stronger in the decades ahead? Twelve suspected CIA agents have been arrested in Iran, according to an Iranian politician. They were allegedly working with Israeli's intelligence service, the Mossad Jailed Afghan rape victim has sentence reduced, remains in jail. Mubaraks Playbook  Rambling and selfjustifying speeches, promised concessionsthe Supreme Councils tactics seem familiar Two bankers that a week ago caused the collapse 
of two banks in Latvia and Lithuania are arrested 
today in London. Lithuania says their banks will be 
liquidated, the government should not waste 
taxpayers' money trying to help a plane that won't 
fly. Wind power to make up half of Danish energy use by 2020 & the country aims to be 100% free of fossil fuels by 2050 Egypt police detain, beat, sexually assault USbased journalist Mona Eltahawy; other journalists also targeted  The whole time I was thinking about article I would write, she writes, Just you fuckers wait.  Aussie man stays with is house during a huge bush fire then watches it go over his head submerged in his neighbours pool wearing SCUBA gear. 6 Afghan children 'killed by Nato air strike' Egypt's leaders label female protesters 'prostitutes' Thai Facebookers warned not to 'like' antimonarchy groups Snowless Scandinavians wonder 'where's winter?'  North Korea threatens 'a sea of fire' upon South Korea Writer/Activist Mona Eltahawy Arrested, Beaten, Sexually Assaulted By Police In Cairo Swedish researcher defines 'now', philosophy researcher published a paper on time perception, where a now is described as two seconds long, and made up of a past and a present.

 Boy, 14, 'posed as spy to arrange his own murder' Korean high school student kills mother.  Keeps body at home for 8 months. Nearly threequarters of Britons think it is inappropriate for children under 12 to own a mobile phone, despite the fact that most kids already have them | Reuters Church tells patients to give up HIV drugs after claiming they were 'healed'  Sky News Ganzouri regains PM job amid rival protests in Cairo America woman and partner attending family wedding in Pakistan murdered in suspected honour killing  'Cure for cancer' rumour killed off Vietnam's rhinos 
 
 
 The belief that powdered rhino horn cured cancer 
is being blamed for surge in demand that has wiped 
out 3 species Pakistan To Take Up Deadly U.S. Drone Strikes In United Nation Sierra Leone Timber!  A story of corruption that is stripping the west African country bare. (video report) Portugal flights grounded by general strike over austerity measure Italy Borrowing Costs Almost Double as Euro Tumbles Can S. America Chinaify its Economy Without Destroying the Amazon?
  A new, undertheradar infrastructure is cutting huge swaths of the Amazon to reorient it toward trade with China. 'The South America Project' is the watchdog. 75% of deforestation occurs within a 30mile strip along highways. Belgium credit rating downgraded by S&P  Belgium has had its credit rating downgraded by ratings agency Standard & Poor's. BBC  Nuclear power 'gets little public support 
worldwide' India's poorest states has established a bicycle subsidy for school girls, which has caused the number of girls enrolled in school to more than double Britain unites with smaller countries to block US bid to legalise cluster bombs Many had conceived children and the girl children, some just babies only a few months old, were being raped as well.  Iceland Rejects Chinese Billionaire's Land Plan Fury erupts as India opens door to WalMart, other big foreign firms  One lawmaker says she'll burn down any store the foreign retailer opens in the country. The uproar highlights the divide between the emerging middle class and the poor. Italy collapse would be the 'end of the euro'  Pakistan demands USA vacate suspected drone base, sets fifteenday deadline Officials NATO chopppers kill 25 Pakistani troops Egyptian officer suspected of being 'The Eye Hunter,' targeting & shooting protester's eyes in Cairo's Tahrir Square. Russian backlash over Putin booing denial Protesters dig in to keep pressure on Egypt army  Nato helicopters have fired on a military checkpost near Pakistan's Afghan border, killing up to eight soldiers China to Cancel College Majors That Don't Pay NATO forces 'attack' Pakistan military post Pakistani woman suspected of killing, cooking husband Philippines overtakes India as call center hub. The growth reflects in part the maturation of the outsourcing business and in part a preference for American English. Indonesia's 'Golden Gate Bridge' collapses; 3 dead Mexican president accused of war crimes  There are over 21,000 schoolaged children living on reserves in Manitoba. If current education trends hold true, eight in 10 of them will never graduate from high school. Chavez repatriates Venezuela's foreign gold reserves Hungary's debt downgraded by Moody's to junk status Prison Echoes  
Iranian writer, Shahrnush Parsipur, whose novels are banned in her home country, recalls her imprisonment in early years of the Islamic Republic. A record of terrible suffering and injustice, with mass executions carried out by heavy machine gun Pakistan stops NATO supplies after raid kills 28 India's waste pickers brave landfills to live Venezuela Receives First Gold Shipment From Europe
 Vancouver Mayors Say Legalize Marijuana  antipot policies have failed to reduce marijuana's availability and that prohibition has fueled violence in British Columbia communities This Russian antigay bill is nothing short of medieval barbarity  
If St Petersburg gets its way, the statesanctioned hatred of LGBT people could spread across eastern Europe Israel threatens to cut off power, water to Gaza The African boom. After decades of war, disease, and plummeting living standards, the continent is on the rise. What happened? Pakistan tells NATO to leave air base Sexual assault of French journalist Caroline Sinz in Tahrir Square caught on video  Fresh Wave of Killings by Hunters Takes Indonesian Orangutan to Brink of Extinction  Conservationists urge authorities to take action.  So far in the entire history of orangutan conservation here, only 2 people have ended up in jail because of illegal activities related to orangutans.  What Really Happened to StraussKahn?  FPI Sues Pirate Bay Admins in Finland, Demands Further ISP Blocks Death to AlSaud Chants by thousands in Saudi Arabia Eastern Province A Game Changer? Prepare For Riots In Euro Collapse, Foreign Office Warns British embassies in the eurozone have been told to draw up plans to help British expats through the collapse of the single currency, amid new fears for Italy and Spain. A tank tries to run over protesters in Saudi Arabia  Adidas Launches $1 Sneakers in India More than a dozen die in Jurez massacre Libya's former rebels have illegally detained thousands of people, including women and children. An estimated 7,000 detainees are being held, including women, children and black Africans  and many have been tortured It Is Not Inevitable That The EU  Or Democracy  Will Survive This Mess Europe may well muddle through with technocrats and tighter straitjackets, but the rule of the people must be guarded  Engineers Return to China Leads to Jail & Limbo   The problem is, he cannot find out exactly who wants him & why UAE court jails 5 internet activists to prison terms after finding them guilty of charges including insulting the Gulf state's leaders Pakistan Cuts Off NATO Supply Route Police in Germany say they have cleared thousands of protesters who were trying to block a trainload of nuclear waste. Vladimir Putin rallies obedient crowd at party congress  Echoes of Soviet era as Russian PM formally accepts nomination to run for president in front of chanting supporters
 Afghanistan says it will take over security in half of country 
Perched near the Arctic Circle, the Swedish town of Luleaa hopes to become vibrant European data traffic hub  Colombian Rebels Executed 4 After Holding Them Hostage for 10 Years  
 Their bodies were found in chains, 3 shot in the head & 1 in the back.  One police sergeant managed to escape. The rebels have a policy of killing hostages if troops approach their camps, & this was a botched rescue. Human rights activist convicted of tax evasion in Belarus  A Chinese entrepreneur's bid for 30,639 hectares (120 sq mi) of Iceland was denied, prompting the investor to say it reveals western hypocrisy & deep prejudice.  Iceland limits foreigners buying property to protect its independence & ensure citizens  rather than foreigners  benefit. Record numbers of young Japanese do not have boyfriends or girlfriends, and many do not want one. Wyclef Jean squandered Haitian relief funds report  Yahoo! News Pope faces lawsuit in Germany for not wearing seatbelt War on Drugs Latin American leaders consider legalizing both marijuana and cocaine. Meanwhile, the US remains firmly opposed to legalizing marijuana, as federal authorities crack down on dispensaries and growers. The White House does not support legalization, mostly because it isn't good for you. Rick Falkvinge The Copyright Industry  A Century Of Deceit Every time something new appears, the copyright industry has learned to cry like a little baby... and succeeds practically every time to get legislators to channel taxpayer money their way or restrict competing industries.
     Julian Assange Internet Has Become 'Surveillance Machine' Children Of The Revolution  
Chinese Communist Party leaders mostly have enough sense to make a show of austerity. Their children aren't nearly so tactful. Generation of princelings drives around in Ferraris. Public backlash reaches dangerous level Afghans Say Pakistan Fired First in NATO Attack Rupert Murdoch offered a 13 y'old Charlotte Church 'good press' in return for singing at his wedding... for free. UK secretly helping Canada push its oil sands project Canadian interests and oil lobby win coalition's support for highly polluting process in runup to European fuel quality vote  UN report  Syrian military murdered 256 children, sexually abused kids Rick Falkvinge, founder of the first Pirate Party in Sweden, has earned a spot in Foreign Policys prestigious list of Top 100 Global Thinkers A Kenyan court has issued an arrest warrant for Sudan's President Omar alBashir over alleged war crimes in Darfur.  Polls open in Egypt's landmark elections Egyptians vote for first time since Hosni Mubarak was toppled, as protests continue across country for tenth day. Syria troops 'have killed 250 children' Peace Corps pulls out of Kazakhstan due to rife incidents of sexual assaults against female volunteers Euro Zone on the Brink  A Continent Stares into the Abyss France overturns ban on planting GM crops Syria United Nations documents credible evidence that highranking officers consistently, across the country, issued orders to shoot at civilian homes and unarmed protesters, and records evidence of systemic torture and sexual violence against those in custody French President Sarkozy worries about the Internet 'stealing audience share' from 'regulated' TV services. Further asks Who would buy the film or music if you can access it free of charge?  Stalin's only daughter dies in US Pakistan denies provoking NATO strike Document 1600 Fukushima Workers Thought to Be Exposed to High Radiation Islamists win most seats in Moroccan vote  Anders Behring Breivik 'not accountable for attacks'. Psychiatrists have found that Anders Behring Breivik was insane at the time of the crime. Medical journal calls on hospitals to scrap parking fees  Canada's top medical journal is calling for an end to universally loathed hospital parking charges, calling parking fees a barrier to health care that should be scrapped. Canadians willing to shell out $6.3 billion towards saving the arctic circle's 15,000 remaining polar bears, $420,000 a head   Environment Minister Peter Kent If you were to ask me, Id say, priceless  Racist woman on UK train arrested ...an unnamed officer with the Toronto Police Service wrote '...we were given specific direction...anyone with a backpack was to be searched and if they refused...then they would be arrestable...' Denmark aims for 100 percent renewable energy in 2050. Danish government proposals on Friday called for sourcing just over half of its electricity from wind turbines by 2020 and all of its energy from renewable sources in 2050. Iranian students have broken into the British embassy in Tehran Israeli newspaper Nearly 100% of all Israeli military court cases in West Bank end in conviction for the Palestinian defendants. Nigeria approves Bill criminalising gay marriage  Nigeria's senate voted on Tuesday to criminalise gay marriage, instituting prison terms of more than a decade for violations in a nation where gays and lesbians already face discrimination and abuse. Rockets from Lebanon landing in the north of Israel BBC News  Iran protesters break into UK embassy in Tehran Russia activates missile early warning radar system Is a U.S. Mining Company Funding a Violent Crackdown in Indonesia? Taiwan's voters have the upper hand Political parties are forced to reach out to a wellinformed electorate
 BBC News  Pakistan blocks BBC World News TV channel Stalin's Daughter Dies China bans ads during TV drama shows ... in culture boost Iranian mob storms British Embassy in Tehran Canada Says Kyoto Protocol 'Biggest Blunder,' May Withdraw  Canada Tosses Wheat Board with the Chaff Evan Berger say .. we are giving back a property right, a freedom of choice, to farmers who make large investments, who have the wherewithal to sell their grain to whomever, whenever, at what price they see fit, Irate Pakistan closes border to US Two essential US supply routes into Afghanistan are shuttered Euro Area Is Coming To An End  The markets have sent Germany a message. It's no longer a safe haven, and there is no painless solution to euro troubles. This is the beginning of the end for the currency zone. Here's why, and how it's likely to play out Turkey Tuesday raised the option of military intervention in neighboring Syria while Russia rejected even an arms embargo as Damascus tries to stifle antigovernment protests. Poor rural villages show China's economic dilemma, Should China bail Europe out or help its own poor farmers?
 Islamic militant group alShabab bans 16 aid groups  including a half dozen U.N. agencies  from central and southern Somalia, a decision likely to harm Somalis already suffering from drought and famine UK experiencing the worst disruption to services in decades as more than 2 million public sector workers stage a nationwide strike, closing schools and bringing councils and hospitals to a virtual standstill Suez Port Employees Reveal 21Ton US Tear Gas Order for Interior Ministry workers refuse to receive initial 7 ton shipment as the interior ministry looks to restock after firing tear gas at protesters in Egypt for six days last week Privacy is for paedos; fundamentally nobody else needs it  Paul McMullan at the Leveson Inquiry Australian state legalises samesex civil unions The UK is to expel all Iranian diplomats following the storming of its embassy in Tehran Occupy Montreal protesters branded by police with numbers only visible under a UV light Intelligence officials quoted as saying that satellite images show this week's reported blast at Iran's Isfahan nuclear plant was 'no accident.' Georgetown students about to release major paper that sheds light on Chinas tunnel system that may be hiding a large nuclear arsenal  Every year, 12,000 women and girls are trafficked from Nepal to a life of sexual servitude in India. Many can never go back.
 Hague says Iran will face 'severe consequences' over embassy attack
Foreign secretary says despite apology Tehran had breached Vienna convention in failing to protect a diplomatic mission
 In an impassioned speech, Poland appeals to Germany to save Europe Nigerian senate passes antigay bill, defying British aid threat Turkey imposes economic sanctions on Syria Belgium will finally have a federal government after the longest formation ever. The formation of a new federal governement took 538 days Norwegian disbelief at Breivik 'insanity' The Norwegian public, politicians and experts alike are expressing surprise at the verdict of the forensic psychiatrists assessing Anders Behring Breivik Presidential elections in South Ossetia result in surprise defeat for Moscow favorite; court annuls vote. Privacy is for paedos former News of the World man and tabloid veteran Paul McMullan. ...in 21 years of invading people's privacy I've never found anybody doing any good. BBC News  Eurozone unemployment rate rises to 10.3%. Youth unemployment in Spain rose to 48.9%. UK diplomats 'pull out of' Iran There is mounting speculation that the euro zone will break apart, or even that the single currency will be abandoned altogether. It often sounds as if such scenarios wouldn't be so bad for Germany. In fact the consequences would be catastrophic for Europe and for its largest economy.  Israel to release frozen PA funds   PM's office says it intends to unfreeze money after Palestinians halted unilateral moves at UN. UK expels Iran diplomats after embassy attack
 With the euro on the brink, all eyes are on Germany. Romano Prodi, a former Italian prime minister and the expresident of the European Commission, says in an interview that Germany, as the most powerful country on the Continent, must finally step up and show the courage to resolve the debt crisis. German exports reach record highs despite debt crisis  In 2011, over a trillion euro's worth of German goods were sold abroad. Deutsche Welle spoke to the head of the Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade and Services to find out whether next year will be as good. China says big climate deal is 'too much'
 Women held against her will on Scientology cruise ship for 12 years! Nearly 50% of the Young People in Greece and Spain Are Unemployed  This weekend, a large section of the German city of Koblenz will come to a standstill as bomb experts gingerly defuse a massive World War II bomb that recently emerged from the Rhine River due to low water levels  Australia ranked least corrupt country in the G20 Japan nuclear meltdown maybe worse than thought. TEPCO said their latest calculations showed the fuel inside the No. 1 reactor at the tsunamihit plant could have melted entirely, dropping through its inner casing and eroding a concrete base.  Factories stalling worldwide  Manufacturing activity is contracting across Europe and most of Asia, data showed on Thursday, and a Chinese official declared that the world economy faces a worse situation than in 2008 when Lehman Brothers collapsed. No right to pray for Muslim pupil at German school  Germany's top administrative court has ruled that a student does not have an automatic right to pray at school. German prosecutors have confirmed they are investigating claims that Iran planned to attack American military bases in Germany if the US launched air strikes against Iranian targets Islamists Set to Win 65% Majority in Egyptian Elections. Enraged by a NATO crossborder air attack that killed 24 soldiers, Pakistan is considering withdrawing its support for the U.S.led war on terror if its sovereignty is violated again A mental health nurse has broken her silence about working inside Australia's immigration detention system. BBC News  Hungary outlaws homeless in move condemned by charities China 'hiding up to 3,000 nuclear warheads in secret tunnels' An unconventional project by US university students has concluded that China's nuclear arsenal could be many times larger than current estimates, drawing the attention of Pentagon analysts.
 New Zealand tops the list of the worlds cleanest governments, followed by Finland and Denmark, while Somalia and North Korea tied for the dubious distinction of most corrupt NATO attack on Pakistan no mistake, sources say
 Karzai Afghan rape victim free to decide if she wants to stay in prison India Angry snake charmer lets loose snakes in a govt. office after being denied land Mexico unearths 1,800 foot drug tunnel Norway accused of hypocrisy over Indonesian deforestation funding Oilrich country's sovereign wealth fund accused of investing in companies destroying rainforest A Colombian court has sentenced a soldier to 54 years in prison for killing three people and passing them off as rebels killed in combat China's manufacturing activity falls to a 32month low Under PetHating Dictator, a Hard Life for Man's Best Friend Germany probing alleged Iran plot to attack U.S. bases on its soil. Prosecutor General confirms report in Bild reported that a German businessman is suspected of espionage for purpose of sabotage In Ecuador, a young shark massacre  A legal loophole has endangered some shark species  and enriched fishermen.  Ecuador allows fishermen who accidentally catch sharks in their nets to sell them, without any methods to determine whether the sharks were netted on purpose.
  Muslim Brotherhood says leads Egypt's vote count A winwin on drugs? Fighting gangs by legalizing pot Copenhagen voted overwhelmingly to remove its cannabis prohibition.  
 One of Britain's biggest unions has demanded that the BBC sack popular Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson for saying public sector workers on strike should be executed in front of their families 2 days before the parliament elections in Russia Livejournal is shut down by the government. It's like Reddit for the Russian opposition, so it is a big blow Antipiracy group BREIN is caught up in a huge copyright scandal in the Netherlands Syria bans iPhones from country due to protest footage The moment protesters found a plainclothes cop in their midst  Crime  UK  The Independent In UK, eight policemen accused of perverting the course of justice over wrongful conviction of 3 men for the murder of prostitute Lynette White in 1988 walked free after a serious error... investigators destroyed files of documents
 Pakistan military ordered to return fire if attacked by Nato forces Legendary natural history documentary maker Sir David Attenborough has spoken out about the dangers of climate change. Italian TV bans mention of condoms on World Aids Day, claims newspaper. The alleged ban was the result of a request from Italy's ministry of health.  Egypt 'Virginity test' case postponed, victim applauded as hero Germany's Angela Merkel announces Europewide 'fiscal union' BBC News  New Icelandic volcano eruption could have global impact Syria now in state of civil war says United Nations as death toll passes 4000 mark Putin prepares the Russian empire to strike back  Moderate Egyptians haunted by rising prospect of Islamist rule India and China Commence cold peace  Attack on UK embassy in Iran 'had support of the state' BBC News  Kremlin accused of trying to gag election monitors Chevron's South American Headaches Continue; Brazil Shuts Down Oil Well Pakistan Chief Of Army suspends 'chain of command' system to thwart Nato's aggression Syrian army defectors are targeting military convoys sent to reinforce President Bashar alAssad's crackdown on popular unrest, a senior rebel said, increasingly taking the fight to Assad's forces in response to what he called state brutality. For LongSuppressed Libyan Minority, New Freedom Brings an Identity Crisis  
After centuries of being told their culture is forbidden, can Berbers figure out what it means to be Amazigh today? The Kremlin's Dangerous Flirtation with Nationalism  Ahead of Russia's parliamentary elections on Sunday, the proKremlin parties are using nationalist rhetoric in a bid to exploit growing rightwing sentiment in the country. But it's a dangerous game, they could pose a threat to Vladimir Putin. Syrian crackdown should be referred to International Criminal Court, UN human rights chief says 