 Russian Military threatens to make preemptive strike on US missile shield facilities 'The Scream' sold for nearly $120 million  Can an African 'green revolution' feed the world?   If you only increase productivity by 50 percent in Africa, Africa will go from food deficit to food surplus. And that can be done with access to simple inputs that are available today. Drunk Welsh tourists break into Sea World, swim with dolphins, and take off with a Penguin. What happened to Canada? It used to be the country we would flee to if life in the US became unpalatable. No nuclear weapons. No huge militaryindustrial complex. Universal health care. Funding for the arts. A good record on the environment. But that was the old Canada. An Indonesian civil servant who posted God doesn't exist on Facebook faces 11 years in Jail On Saturday, the last of the Japans's 50 usable nuclear reactors will be switched off, completely idling a power source that once supplied a third of the country's electricity. BBC News  Osama Bin Laden documents released BBC News  Two blind British men have electronic retinas fitted Crop scientists appeal to antiGM protesters not to trash a field trial of GM wheat at a day of action later this month Scientists hope the new variety of GM crop will repel aphids and so not require insecticide
 Body piercing trend rises among Saudi women for reasons ranging from cosmetic to wanting to defy societal norm. Hobo cop New tactic aims to catch drivers without seat belts and using cellphones on the road Syrian University raided by regime, four students 
killed.  Turkey angry at ratings agency Standard and Poor's for lowering its outlook and raising Greece's  From now on, we do not recognize you as a ratings agency Barclays shareholders demonstrated their mounting anger over runaway boardroom pay, delivering a huge protest against Barclays pay policies  including the 17m package for CEO Bob Diamond Israel to set up military censor to monitor social media Spain Slams Bolivia Power Grid Nationalization   Spain warns Bolivia its take over of the Spanish company that owned most of its grid will hurt the Latin American country's image among international investors.
 Madrid promises to make sure Bolivia pays a fair price for the forced takeover. In the painful tumult of daily protests, an entire generation of Qubcois youth is learning a political lesson no class would ever teach violence underlies all of society's inequalities, and power doesn't yield an inch without a fight EU Austerity Feeding Racism, Report Says  
Austerity measures & populist election rhetoric are feeding an increase in racism & racist violence, the Council of Europe warns Australia delays F35 fighter orders to aid budget More than 500 dead pelicans have been found on a 40mile stretch of the country's northern coast. Osama bin Laden's last words show dark days for al Qaeda German Education and Research Minister Annette Schavan facing allegations that she plagiarized parts of her dissertation, published in 1980 Bolivian Soldiers Walked Into This Spanish Power Company, Hung A Flag And Seized Control Norway whalers take first whales of hunting season official Vogue bans skinny, underage models  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) German Court Won't Let Artist Kill Puppies Onstage  The performer planned to strangle 2 puppies to death on stage & hold a funeral. The artist said it was a way of protesting the killing of sled dogs in Alaska & hunting dogs in Spain when they are deemed too old or otherwise unfit to work. Japans last reactor to shut down, leaving country nuclearfree for first time since 1966  Two Australian men likely to lose limbs after fighting with a chainsaw and samurai sword. European eidentity plan to be unveiled this month under the guise to protect children online Govt lets Natco sell Bayer's cancer drug cheaper by 30 times In a first, India today invoked a law permitting Hyderabadbased Natco Pharma to manufacture and sell cancertreatment drug Nexavar at a price, over 30 times lower than charged by its patentholder Bayer Corporation. 
Argentina has released a provocative advertisement that was filmed secretly on the Falklands and depicts the islands as Argentine soil in an apparent barb aimed at Britain ahead of the London 2012 Olympics Putin's palace? A mystery Black Sea mansion fit for a tsar Three Photographers Found Dead in Mexico Forbes announces Peak Oil is here. Libyan transitional government passes sweeping new law granting immunity to rebels, outlawing speech against Islam, restricting free speech, etc. A French court has sentenced a scientist at the prestigious Cern laboratory to five years in prison for plotting terrorist attacks.  Russia threatens to strike NATO missile defense sites   Israel on Thursday received its fourth Germanmade submarine capable of launching nuclear warheads, expanding a fleet that experts say could be used in an attack on Iran. Nine bodies hung from bridge in northern Mexico (Picture in the comments) Dozen killed, 120 wounded in Russia's Caucasus by twin blasts Countries around the world envy Germany's economic success and look up to it as a role model. But a closer look reveals a much bleaker picture. Only few are benefiting from the boom, while stagnant wages and precarious employment conditions are making it difficult for millions to make ends meet. Suicide bombing in Pakistani market kills at least 20... Man fly across Rio de Janeiro using a jet pack he built himself Busted Iran's Jarring Photoshopped Missile Test Image. Jar jar binks and missiles.  AlQaida document cache reveals toll of US drone strikes on Bin Laden's plans EU digital affairs chief admits controversial ACTA treaty likely to fail  TheJournal.ie Dubai plans to build underwater hotel  
Turner, Bacon, Freud, Constable? No, Britain is Banksy country  A thousand artists were asked to name the work best expressing national identity. Their choice was surprising
 An Australian man will break his own record as the world's oldest graduate when he receives his masters degree at the age of 97. In its case against 26 major record labels at BC Supreme Court in Canada, BitTorrent index isoHunt argues that not only do they pose no threat to the music industry, its the copyright industry itself thats threatening the freedom of expression of millions on the Internet Canada Quits Making Pennies  Says the coin was too expensive to produce & no longer needed for business Muslim scientist at CERN sentenced to 4 years for exchanging three dozen messages, some encrypted, with Al Qaedas regional affiliate in Algeria. Kuwait parliament passes death penalty for Muslims who curse God, the Muslim holy book, all prophets and the wives of Mohammed. Non Muslims will get 10 years imprisonment.
 Disabled couple thrilled they'll be able to keep their baby Police recover memory card from hang glider pilot who swallowed it after a woman fell to her death from his glider. All data expected to be intact. TPB and other large BitTorrent sites are now being blocked by ISPs in India Bodies hung from bridge as 23 more die in Mexico drug war Human heads dumped at Nuevo Laredo city hall as part of gruesome display of power by warring cartel
 Fighting A LastDitch Battle To Save the Rare Javan Rhino In Indonesia, conservation groups are engaged in a desperate struggle to save the last 40 Javan rhinos on earth Fourteen beheaded corpses found in Nuevo Laredo, hours after nine bodies were discovered hanging from a bridge Thousands march as Japan switches off last nuclear reactor AlQaeda planned message to convert Ireland to Islam Revolution in Yemen 'We are not finished yet'  USATODAY.com Islamic Insurgents Kill 13, Wound 130 In Suicide Bomb Attack In Russias Dagestan Republic 11 injured, including 4 police officers, as Quebec student protest turns violent  The Globe and Mail A teenager blew himself up near a Pakistani market close to the Afghan border Friday, killing 20 people Greenpeace activists arrested after boarding Arcticbound icebreaker in Sweden  The Washington Post China's iPad Generation  Meet the children left behind when their parents go to the factory Iraq's unity tested by rising tensions over oilrich Kurdish region  As Iraqi Kurdistan ramps up oil production that could soon surpass Libya's output, Kurdish leaders have warned they may seek independence if disputes over oil revenues, powersharing aren't resolved. Man struck by lightning in scrotum AFP 23 dead in day of horror for Mexico border city Boris Johnson wins second term as London mayor  Ben Goldacre Piratebay is blocked. The state is monitoring your web traffic. No problem it's time for a VPN BBC Technology Windblown landmine clearance Gorbachev praises democratic Russia   There are more free people in Russia than ever before, believes former President of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev.  My Scientology Excommunication  
I was one of the world's top 50 church members  then one mistake changed my life Russians protest over Putin's return as president The Roman Catholic Church has protected evil for too long Filesharing was firmly on the agenda when the head of the US DHS visited the Australian capital last week. The four new agreements were less about sharing season two of Game of Thrones and more about sharing the private, govt held information of Australian citizens with U.S. authorities. Nuclearfree Japan braces for severe power shortages
 Reuters Peru warns people to stay off beaches as it investigates  mysterious deaths of hundreds of dolphins & seabirds  Over 1,000 birds, mostly pelicans, have washed up dead, after hundreds of dolphins died in the same area France's Sarkozy Set For Defeat by Socialist Socialist Franois Hollande is the new president of France The Rise in the Number of Farm Animals Being Slaughtered by Having Their Throats Cut While Fully Conscious is Unacceptable, says former president of the British Veterinary Association  Calls for action to curb throatcutting without prior stunning, as it can cause unnecessary suffering

 Thousands in Jordan call for end of peace treaty with Israel McAfee Founder Arrested in Belize on 'Bogus' Charges Proposed bill in Canada would make it illegal to conceal your identity during riots or unlawful assemblies  Mali rebels burn Timbuktu tomb listed as U.N. World Heritage site  CNN.com Japan shuts off nuclear power as thousands celebrate Never Mind Europe. Worry About India The economic slowdown in India is one of the worlds biggest economic stories, but it is commanding only a modicum of attention... Moscow Police arrest top opposition figures after protest on eve of Vladimir Putin's inauguration  Israel's Supreme Court criticizes government for backtracking on demolition of West Bank outpost A northeastern town has declared the king of Spain an unwelcome person, dealing another blow to the 74yearold monarch who has faced scalding criticism for going on an elephant hunting trip during a severe financial crisis. UK PM David Cameron agreed to a meeting with one of Rupert Murdoch's senior executives that was arranged by the lobbyist now at the centre of the Jeremy Hunt scandal Europes far right is the true winner of Frances presidential election.  Slate Magazine Greek NeoNazis enter parliament according to exit polls Iran Elections 2012 Ahmadinejad Routed By Rivals  Quebec student strike may force election. Documents allege moneylaundering lapses at HSBC
| Reuters France has voted for change. For only the second time during the Fifth Republic the people have voted to put a socialist in the Elysee Palace...For Europe too this is a momentous event. For a long time the centre right has held the stage; now a socialist has won and European politics will feel the Worried about online porn? Don't regulate the net  regulate your kids.
 South Korea finds smuggled capsules contain human flesh (Ground up dead babies)
			News.com.au Church of Kopimism Weds First Couple encourages the newlyweds to copy and remix some DNAcells and create a new human being. Greek neonazi party blows past expectations and enters parliament in Greek elections; leader's victory march includes antiimmigrant chants and ordering journalists to stand for him at press conference. Socialist candidate Franois Hollande elected President of France. nationalist neo nazi party has been elected into the greek parliament  Kuwait To Punish Insults Against Islam Or Muhammad With Death India has developed a missile defence shield, which can be put in place at short notice to protect at least two cities, bringing the country on a par with an elite group of nations. Swiss politician offered mom and daughter to cannibals 200 troops defect from Sudan to South Sudan after refusing to attack oil fields.  Merkel's party suffers setback in regional election  Pirate Party enters 3rd German state parliament. The leader of an extremeright, antiimmigrant party on course for shock success in Greece's general elections Sunday lashed out at those he described as traitors responsible for the country's financial crisis and said his party was ushering in a revolution. South Korea finds smuggled capsules contain human flesh |
			Adelaide Now AlQaida releases video of American hostage US airstrike kills senior alQaida leader in Yemen
 Malaysia issues fatwa banning Muslims from street demonstrations NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan A winner in France, alarm in Greece The euro dropped in Asian trading as markets tried to digest not only the longexpected rise of the first Socialist president in France in 17 years, but also the electoral earthquake that took place in Greece on the same night. North Korea Thanks Its Schoolchildren for Building Such Nice Rocket Tanks 'That the state would actually boast its use of child labor for building Multiplelaunch rocket systems is a reminder of the extent to which military nationalism has twisted North Korean society.' U.N. chief says killings in Syria intolerable situation  CNBC Proausterity parties punished in Greece vote Stradivarius cello broken in accident in Spain Mali Islamist Rebels Now In Control Of Timbuktu Destroy Tomb of Saint, Designated UN World Heritage Site More news in Europe. Antiausterity Greek party wins 60% of seats in parliament Azerbaijan Tower Will Be The Worlds Tallest Building On 2022 2012 vs. 1984 Young adults really do have it harder today  The Globe and Mail China Expels Al Jazeera's news operations Pirate Party Wins Again, Enters Another Parliament The German Piratenpartei has done it again, and entered its third state parliament  with 8.2% of the votes, the pirates take 6 out of 69 seats
 BBC News  China buying oil from Iran with yuan Greek neoNazi party expels journalists South Korean IAEA nuclear inspector killed in Iran Thai Jailed for Royal Insult Dies  He was sentenced to 20 years for sending text messages deemed offensive to the royal family.  The conviction  the heaviest for a lese majeste case  sparked outrage among rights groups describing him as a political prisoner & the EU expressing ''deep concern''. 1,600 on hunger strike and the world doesnt even bat an eyelid Compelling eyewitness dispatch from the Israeli internment jails threatening a new Arab Spring Mankind must change ways to survive, report says Ive never seen police act like this
  If the left doesn't lead the revolt against austerity, others will German Pirate Party Scores More Seats In State Election Planner of 2000 USS Cole Bombing Killed by Drone Strike in Yemen UK Gov't Considering Requiring A 'Porn License' If You Want To Look At Porn Online What Is the World's Most Economically Powerful City? China and US to cooperate to avoid cyber Cold War Runner has heart attack, Dustin Hoffman saves his life As China warns the Philippines that confrontation over an island in the South China Sea could worsen, The Philippines' Philex Petroleum Corp discusses a possible partnership with Chinese offshore oil producer CNOOC to develop a natural gas prospect in the disputed South China Sea,  Putin inaugurated for third term as Russia's president Playboy model steals the show at Mexican election debate Francois Hollande's election as French president was greeted by jitters on European markets and a dour front in Berlin where ruling conservatives warned the Socialist on Monday that Germans were not ready to pay for his promises of an end to austerity. The Interior Minister of Germany's western state of North RhineWestphalia has ordered a ban on farright groups displaying Mohammed caricatures which provoked riots in Bonn on Saturday.   Israel's Netanyahu strikes surprise coalition deal  Netanyahu calls off early elections after reaching a deal with Kadima opposition for a unity government
 Thai Man Jailed for Insulting King Dies in Detention  Attempt to form Greece government fails after shock poll | Reuters The amount of plastic trash in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch has increased 100fold during the past 40 years, causing profound changes to the marine environment If Amsterdam won't sell weed to foreigners, who will? The Netherlandsan on selling cannabis to foreigners could start a weed economy in other EU states. Spain and Portugal are top of the list. Australia's Federal Budget predicts returns to Surplus, leading developed countries across the globe. Switzerland An Initiative to Establish Basic Income for All The idea is quite simply giving a monthly income to all citizens that is neither meanstested nor workrelated China's results in international education tests  which have never been published  are remarkable, says Andreas Schleicher, responsible for the highlyinfluential Pisa tests. The findings indicate that China has an education system that is overtaking many Western countries. India's Constitution obliges all citizens to develop scientific temper, humanism and the spirit of inquiry and reform. India's laws, though, are being used to persecute a man who has devoted his life to doing precisely that.  9 men convicted in racially sensitive U.K. sex ring; girls as young as 13 were lured into sexual encounters using alcohol and drugs Russian plane disappears over Indonesia David Cameron texted Rebekah Brooks before she quit News International, claims biography ''Sorry I couldn't have been as loyal to you as you have been to me South Africa seizes $7m in 'rhinopoachers' assets The men, two of whom are vets, are already facing 1,872 charges of racketeering. Seniors urged to eat Fukushima rice to help farmers, protect young people Female Assassin Team Leader tied to at least 20 Murders in Mexico every communication technology so far been 'capturedy corporate power NATO Admits Killing Afghan Mother, 5 Children in Air Strike  German Leaders Threaten End to Greek Aid Dolphins Die of Drug Overdose after Swiss Rave
 Putin's Inauguration Was A Military Operation, Not A National Celebration  Forbes 'Anonymous' hackers expose Norway rivals CrisisHit Portugal Axes Holidays  Portugal takes austerity measures to a new level by scrapping 4 of its 14 public holidays Spain is becoming the new Greece  Bulgarian and Romanian Immigrants Overwhelm German System  SPIEGEL ONLINE Thai Grandfather Jailed for Text Messages Dies in Prison  Queens speech unveils UKs Patriot Act Web 
monitoring plan Peru drug clinic fire kills 14 people locked inside  Privately run Sacred Heart of Jesus rehab centre outside Lima had windows and doors locked and barred Russian plane disappears in demonstration flight in Indonesia Colombia passes 1st draft of drug crop legalization bill 'The initiative calls for the decriminalization of growing plants such as coca, marijuana and opium poppies in the country.' Heavy metal unites Jews, Muslims across Middle East Rape of women in DR Congo 'tops 1000 a day'  A Second World War plane crashed by a British pilot in the Sahara desert has been found frozen in time 70 years later. Ancient language discovered on clay tablets found amid ruins of 2800 year old Middle Eastern palace in ancient city of Tushan, southeast Turkey Tiny Scottish brewpub gets the shaft as corporate megabrewer strongarms British Institute of Innkeeping to revoke their award A section of 600yrold city wall in Nanjing was damaged when a Ferrari was put on top if it for a publicity stunt  Its spinning, screeching wheels left tire marks on the Ming Dynasty walls. The stunt kicked off a Ferrari show marking the Italian car makers 20 years in the Chinese car market. Suicide blast in Damascus leaves more than 50 dead, hundreds wounded Argentina Senate passes 'dignified death' law  The Argentine Senate has approved a dignified death law to give the terminally ill and their families more say in endoflife decisions.  Want a 170yearold beer? Finnish researchers say they may be able to recreate beer from the 1840s after finding living bacteria in beer from a shipwreck near Aland islands. South Africa troubled by corrupt cops   The police are part of countrys crime problem.  More than 630 police officers were arrested in South Africas Gauteng province in 2011, mainly on charges of fraud and corruption, but also for rape and murder
 Islamic Defenders Front, which receives police funding, threatens to intercept Lady Gaga when she visits Indonesia, warning her vulgar music is a danger to children's morals. Two of Mass Palestinian Prisoners' Hunger Strike On Verge of Death Over 1600 Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jail hold mass hunger strike, two of the arrested pass 70 days without food China bangs the war drum over South China Sea A new Charter City could soon be established in Honduras. It will have extremely open immigration policies for North/South Americans to allow the city to rapidly grow to a population of 10 million people Russia foils plot to attack 2014 Olympics Germany is considering a legal ban on ultraconservative Salafist Muslim groups. Police found the decapitated and dismembered bodies of 15 people near Mexico's second city Guadalajara on Wednesday, in what appeared to be the latest atrocity by the country's most brutal drug cartel. Crashed Russian plane found in Indonesia Helicopter scouring slopes of dormant volcano spots wreckage but no sign that passengers and crew survived. Alpine tour guide chopped down crosses, said he wanted to spark debate on Christian symbols in public areas Why green energy might not solve the power crunch   As the world turns its back on nuclear power in the wake of Japan's Fukushima disaster, experts worry green energy can't pick up the slack.
 Two suicide car bombs have ripped through the Syrian capital, killing 55 people and shaving the facade off a military intelligence building in the deadliest explosions since the country's uprising began 14 months ago. France   where Freemasons are still feared.  Netherlands becomes world's second net neutrality country One in six cancers worldwide is caused by preventable or treatable infections, a new study finds. A public schoolgirl who died from a brain hemorrhage at 13 has saved eight lives by donating her organs.  Falkvinge Just days before the elections in North RhineWestphalia, Germanys largest and most populous state, the Piratenparteis website has been censored in schools  specifically the election program of the German Pirate Party is being actively censored under the category illegal drugs Egypt holds first ever presidential debate  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Chinese media warns citizens of possible war with the Philippines A new NZ ISP has withdrawn its global mode that allowed customers to evade countrybased blocking of web content  just 48 hrs after enabling the service German Police Used Only 85 Bullets Against People in 2011 Burma's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been given a passport for the first time in 24 years. She will first travel to Norway to accept her 1991 Nobel Prize. Underperforming UK civil servants will be identified and fired under plans to rank all government officials in order of ability Monsanto and the Gates Foundation claim genetically modified crops will revolutionize agriculture in Kenya, but critics warn the technology is illsuited to the needs of farmers Victim's brother hurls shoe in Norway court at mass killer Anders Behring Breivik Rhino poacher killed in Kruger shoot out.  Game Over for the Climate Canadas tar sands contain twice the amount of carbon dioxide emitted by global oil use in our entire history. The wreckage of a Russian Sukhoi Superjet 100 has been found in Indonesia after smashing into the steep side of a volcano during a flight to impress potential buyers. All 50 people on board feared dead. Kalashnikov promenade Blogger embarrasses Moscow cops Protests in Philippines over China dispute  Hundreds take to streets in Manila to protest against Beijing's claim to South China Sea islands. Israel's Knesset to take up a bill that could transform outposts throughout the West Bank into legal settlements overnight. Mahmoud Shokraye given a sentence of 25 lashes for drawing a caricature of a local MP that was deemed insulting Islam critic Hirsi Ali wins German media prize  Dutch writer and Islam critic Ayaan Hirsi Ali is to receive a special award by German publishing house Axel Springer to honor her outspoken attitude and commitment to women's rights.  Former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks has told the British inquiry into media ethics that she discussed phone hacking with British prime minister David Cameron at a party in 2010.  Why Science Is Better When It's Multinational  International diversity is just as important as diversity of discipline when it comes to scientific discovery Argentina Approves Law Making SexChange Surgery a Legal Right Nigerian universities demand bribes for admission  With a shortage of college spaces, prospective students complain that wealth and connections trump entrance exam scores.
 Greek parties scramble to avert new vote The leaders of Greece's oncedominant political parties made a last push on Friday to form a coalition and avert a new election, which a poll showed would all but wipe them out and give victory to a radical leftist who rejects an EU bailout. Banks prepare for the return of the drachma Chilean Earthquake Restores Beaches  A recent powerful earthquake reversed years worth of coastal erosion at beaches in Chile. The Dutch judge who ordered The Pirate Bay links censored, Chris Hensen, has been found to be textbook corrupt  he had commercial ventures with the plaintiffs in previous antipiracy cases A new law in Argentina allows everybody, even children, to choose and change their gender without having to justify it. Iceland considers Canadian dollar instead of euro The choice is between surrendering the sovereignty of Iceland in monetary policy by unilaterally adopting the currency of another country, or becoming a member of the EU, says PM Dalai Lama reveals warning of Chinese plot to kill him Scientologists push antidrug classes in schools An group with ties to the Church of Scientology has been selling lectures about drug abuse to Swedish schools that contain significant factual errors, according to an investigation carried out by a Swedish newspaper Six leaders from South Korea's biggest Buddhist order have quit after secret video footage showed some supposedly serene monks raising hell, playing highstakes poker, drinking and smoking Israeli newspaper Undercover Israeli soldiers hurled stones in the general direction of IDF soldiers as part of their activity to counter weekly demonstrations in the Palestinian village of Bil'in Sarkozy faces a slew of probes after immunity ends Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah has dismissed a controversial ultraconservative adviser after he publicly criticized reforms aimed at easing restrictions on women, the kingdom's state media reports. Israel's military looks to the sea  Israel buys a sixth Germanmade submarine. A navy officer explains why Israel's military is looking increasingly to the seas. Italian anarchists kneecap nuclear executive and threaten more shootings 
Group named after Greek anarchist warns it will strike seven more times at nuclear firm's parent company, Finmeccanica
 Germany plans to go nuclear free within a decade | todaysthv.com Man killed by illegal cockfighting bird China denies preparing for war over South China Sea Exclusive wire taps on Gaddafi's inner circle  Al Jazeera publishes recorded mobilephone conversations between former Libya leader and some of his most trusted aides. British Firm Suspends Funding for Chinese Foie Gras Factory  
Says it'll look into animal welfare concerns raised public.  Production of foie gras, which is made by forcefeeding geese or ducks until their livers are enlarged, is banned in the UK & most of Europe, except France, where it's prized. Shreddin in Yemen Meet the skaters of Sanaa 'Goodbye to China, country of contradictions'  Features  Al Jazeera English US partially resumes arms sales to Bahrain  Al Jazeera English A major blast is reported to have ripped through Aleppo, Syrias largest city. The bomb allegedly targeted the headquarters of Syrias ruling Ba'ath Party. Greece will run out of money soon, warns deputy prime minister Socialist president owns 3 homes on French Riviera | Times247 On the knife's edge in Ethiopia  A vortex of climate change and rising population threatens Ethiopias gains in feeding itself Obama administration seeks to bolster Bahraini crown prince with arms sales Massive Active Fault Found beneath Japan's Mount Fuji Petition calls on Brazilian president to veto 'catastrophic' forest code  More than 1.5 million people have petitioned Dilma Rousseff to reject a bill that may lead to further destruction of the Amazon ACTA is not dead ...it appears more likely than not that the [European Parliament's] Development Committee will vote in favour of ACTA. German Pirate Party Scores Fourth Consecutive Election Win ...the exit polls indicate 7.5%, well clearing the fivepercent hurdle for entry, and predicting 18 new Pirate Members of Parliament. 37 dismembered bodies dumped on Mexico highway China successful in teleportation. The Queen has formally announced plans to greatly increase surveillance of the internet Culture war looms as Israel pledges to end ultraOrthodox military exemptions China, Japan and South Korea agreed at a summit on Sunday to launch negotiations for a threeway free trade pact they said could help fend off global economic chills, but the talks are expected to be long and difficult because of decades of rivalry. I Cant Believe I Still Have to Protest This Abortion Rights in Canada   Parliament debated a motion creating a special committee to review if the definition of a human being in the Canadian criminal code can be extended to unborn fetuses  Israel transformed from democracy to an oligarchy. These are selfstyled lords of the manor who have power over civil and military sectors, and share the spoils of rule between themselves. The subjects can talk, but have no influence. Murdoch driver cash drops to Met police.
 China mandates the Big Four U.S. auditors to hand over control of their Chinese operations to local partners by the end of the year and put a Chinese citizen at the top within three years. Dalai Lama fears Chinese poison plot  Buddhist leader believes Chinese agents may have trained fake female followers to kill him when seeking blessings Australian Labor Unions Call for BuffettStyle Tax on Millionaires  
Calling on government to introduce a millionaires tax similar to US President Barack Obamas socalled Buffett Rule. Wants to ensure mining billionaires pay a minimum tax on their incomes regardless of how they're derived. China allows banks to lend more in bid to boost economy  China has cut the amount of funds banks have to hold in a reserve, in a bid to boost its economy. Quebec antiausterity protests police accused of shooting people in face with plastic bullets  Saudi Arabia Unveils $100 Billion Plan to Make Solar A Driver for Domestic Energy for Years to Come Portugal's sick economy triggers health crisis  To cut costs, Portugal has increased the rates it charges for public health services. For many cashstrapped residents, the fee scheme has had a grim effect, potentially putting lives at risk.  Whatever Happened to David Cameron, the Idealistic Young EcoWarrior?  
After spending 5 years in opposition trying to detoxify the Tories' image, he promised to lead the greenest government ever when he entered No 10, exactly 2 years ago. What became of that pledge? Ecuador Seeks Answer to Riddle of Inca Emperor's Tomb    On expedition  When we arrived here, I couldn't believe it.  I started running around. Excavation starts in June, partly financed by the govt. ...we could be facing one of the largest & most unusual discoveries of the past decades.
 At least 100,000 Spaniards angered by grim economic prospects and the political handling of the international financial crisis turned out for street demonstrations in the country's cities Saturday. Pakistan crisis over power cuts Greece A nation on the brink President Karolos Papoulias makes a lastditch effort to forge a unity government Boko Haram 'militant leader' captured in north Nigeria  Nigerian police say they have arrested a senior commander of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.  Race for Egypt Inside the ThreeWay Fight for the Presidency   The secular diplomat, the Muslim Brother, and the 'liberal Islamist' are facing off to become the first freely elected leader of Egypt.  Don Ritchie saved over 500 people from suicide. He lived near 'The Gap' an infamous ocean cliff where hundreds of people have gone to commit suicide. He was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia and was named a Local Hero in 2011. He died peacefully today in his home at 85 years old. Israel closes Palestinian school to make way for West Bank training zone for the IDF even though Palestinians residents have no access to any other school. North Korean women sold into 'slavery' in China... More than half of all police officers in Greece voted for the proNazi party candidate in the May 6 elections One of the last Palestinian farming villages that still uses irrigation systems from Roman times says its ancient way of life is in danger as Israel prepares to lay down its West Bank separation barrier. 49 decapitated bodies found in Mexico Sea Shepherd captain arrested in Germany on attempted murder charges.  Merkel shaken at state poll as Pirate Party surges Expat prisoners in Dubai have gone on hunger strike against the United Arab Emirates' arbitrary bouncedcheck laws. One man is serving a 6year sentence because a governmentowned entity failed to pay him for work he had done, and a check he wrote subsequently bounced. Noam Chomsky Palestinian Hunger Strike A Protest Against Violations of Elementary Human Rights North Korean Leader Kim JongUn Has An Explosive Family Secret  Business Insider The Vatican is investigating seven priests from the troubled Legion of Christ religious order for alleged sexual abuse of minors  evidence that the scandal over the order's pedophile founder doesn't rest solely with him, The Associated Press has learned. Pirate Bay Founder Takes Case To European Court Plane Crashes With 21 Passengers In Nepal 500,000 People to Lose Disability Benefit, says IDS  
Government says it's ridding system of abuse & fraud Insider tells why Anonymous might well be the most powerful organization on Earth South Korea where sarcasm can get you thrown in jail  Park Jeong Keun, a 23yearold photographer, is embroiled in legal trouble for retweeting posts from North Korea's official Twitter account.
 China's central bank took further action Saturday to stimulate its economy.The People's Bank of China is cutting the amount of money banks are required to hold on the sidelines, freeing up those funds instead to boost investment and growth. innfluential magazine Der Spiegel calls for Greek exit from euro
| Reuters Man falls into ice crevasse, coolly takes photos while awaiting rescue Italian army on call to deal with escalating violence  Italy's prime minister has not ruled out bringing in the army to deal with the increasing levels of violence across the country.  The Sea Rises in China Everyone wants to go to war with the Philippines. They say the government is being too weak. The leaders of China, Japan and South Korea say they will not tolerate further provocation from North Korea, amid fears that Pyongyang is preparing for a new nuclear test. Russian protests thousands march in support of Occupy Abay camp. The opposition leader Alexey Navalny remains in jail on a 15day sentence for disobeying police. His cohort Sergei Udaltsov is also in jail and has gone on hunger strike. EU foreign ministers have issued a harsh critique of Israel, regarding the gathering pace of settlementbuilding, settler extremism, and illtreatment of Palestinians. In a landmark case in Finland, a court has ruled that an open WiFi owner is not liable for illegal filesharing Less affluent countries push towards universal healthcare. China is on track to complete a threeyear, $124billion initiative projected to cover more than 90% of the nation's residents. Rebekah Brooks to be charged with perverting the course of justice Anders Breivik Trial A man just set himself on fire outside the Court in Olso.  China builds instant high rise in just 9 days  Greece fails to form new government, going to elections Rebekah Brooks to be charged over News International phone hacking Why so little condemnation of Israel's extremism? Western opinion formers have been indifferent, in some cases knowingly so, about what is happening.  Japanese rivers continue to contaminate Tokyo Bay, where the levels of radioactive cesium are rising Time to Admit Defeat Greece Can No Longer Delay Euro Zone Exit  SPIEGEL ONLINE Unless the world addresses the problem, by 2030 even two planet Earths would not be enough to sustain human activity, WWF said Asian Girls Getting Plastic Surgery to Widen Their Eyes Plastic surgery boom as Asians seek 'western' look  CNN.com Carlos Fuentes, Mexican Writer, Dies at 83 Britain Bedeviled by Binge Drinking  It's reached crisis levels, costing the NHS 2.7 billion pounds a year, including cost of hospital admissions related to boozefueled violence & longerterm health problems. Liver disease has increased 25% the last decade, causing a record level of deaths. EU Makes 1st Air Strikes Against Somalia Pirates  Naval forces have conducted their raid on the Somali mainland, destroying several boats.  Pirates are believed to be holding about 17 ships & 300 crew. [ALJAZEERA]  WWF announces we are living as if we have another planet at our disposal France's Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Germany Aging Europeans Need to Work Longer & Expect Less, Report Says More than 1,500 Palestinians prisoners that have been on hunger strike in Israeli jails win concessions by Israel Black Metal musician elected to Greek parliament Iran Hangs 'Israel Killer Spy'  Majid Jamali Fashi, 24, convicted of killing an Iranian nuclear scientist, Massoud Ali Mohammadi,  in Tehran 2 years ago has been hanged.  Fashi was also accused of being a spy for Israeli intelligence agency Mossad & receiving $120,000 (72,000) for the killing. More horror in Mexico 49 mutilated bodies dumped on highway in latest drugs war clash  Forensic police swarmed the crypt of a Roman basilica on Monday to exhume the body of a reputed mobster as part of an investigation into one of the Vatican's most enduring mysteries the 1983 disappearance of the teenage daughter of one of its employees. Debate Breaks Out in Germany over Foreign Gold Reserves  SPIEGEL ONLINE Blockupy Frankfurt is already somewhat succesful in blocking the inner city A German man who alleges he was subjected to extraordinary rendition by the CIA has taken his case to the European Court of Human Rights. Francois Hollande, the new French President &gt; My enemy is the world of finance.  15yearold schoolgirl died after 'doctor mistook tuberculosis for lovesickness'   Telegraph Indonesia cancels Lady Gaga concert because She's a vulgar singer... she is the envoy of the devil's child and she will spread satanic teaching US shadow war in Horn of Africa revealed by blogger G20 report details mass violation of rights by police, says excessive force was used in Toronto
 Searching for the remains of a teenage girl missing for 3 decades, Italian police opened the Vaticanowned tomb of mobster Enrico De Pedis, but the boxes of bones they found interred with his corpse only deepen the mystery A bank run is developing in Greece  $893 million withdrawn from Greek banks since May 6th election Chinese official it's us or America. AUSTRALIA cannot juggle its relationships with the United States and China indefinitely and must choose a ''godfather'' to protect it, according to a prominent Chinese defence strategist. Pirate Bay Under DDoS Attack From Unknown Enemy Greeks withdraw $894 million in a day Is this beginning of a run on banks? European helicopter gunships attacked a pirate base on the Somali coast on Tuesday, destroying five speedboats, in the first such airborne strike on land by the antipiracy force. Majority of Mexicans Want More U.S. Help in Drug War, 28% Want the US Military to Intervene on Mexican Soil Supreme Court mulls manga child porn appeal  The highly publicized last appeal of Simon Lundstrm, a Swedish translator of Japanese manga comics convicted of child pornography crimes, was brought up in Swedens Supreme Court (Hgsta Domstolen) on Wednesday. Leading Italian university switches to teaching in the English language Iran hangs 'Israel spy' over nuclear scientist killing Vatican official Leaders of the scandalplagued Legionaries of Christ religious order knew that their most famous priest had fathered a child for many months before they acknowledged it this week Exclusive China pushes North Korea to drop nuclear test plan sources Burma Vows to Cease Buying Weapons from North Korea Greeks pull funds from banks; emergency cabinet to be named
 Bosnian Commander Mladic Led Ethnic Cleansing, War Crimes Trial Told  He faces 11 counts of war crimes & crimes against humanity, including genocide, in connection with the brutal 199295 Bosnian war.  He's called the accusations monstrous &  entered a not guilty plea. Greece On Brink Of Collapse Europe's financial crisis lurched into a perilous new phase as dire predictions emerged of a collapse in Greece's economy, with a run on its banks bringing an inevitable end to its membership of the euro. Israel's Interior Minister All African migrants should be jailed.  Victoria Grant, 12, Hits Lecture Circuit To Explain How Canadian Banking Is A Fraud Thousands flee as Congo battles renegade general

| Reuters Britain 50 policemen raided seven addresses and arrested 6 people for making 'offensive' and 'antiSemitic' remarks on Facebook  Emergency law considered in Quebec as thousands of students protest tuition; 122 arrests Ottawa 74yearold man who was beaten in a home invasion called for help  only to be arrested and thrown in jail for more than two months. Canada's Internet surveillance bill is not dead and is instead moving forward; the bill is being pushed under the guise of protecting Canadians from child pornography and organized crime, but the bill makes no mention of child pornography in its actual text France's new Prime Minister JeanMarc Ayrault said Wednesday that his cabinet will announce a 30% salary cut for its members when it meets for the first time on Thursday. Its setting an example, he said in an interview.  Chinese boats seized by North Koreans.   Pupils in Ireland expelled after abusive Facebook posts about teachers  The Rise of Europe's Private Internet Police the job of policing the Internet is falling to private intermediaries  companies that are under little or no legal obligation to uphold citizens' rights. Russian teacher who reported vote fraud on trial  A teacher went on trial Wednesday after publicly claiming that she was pressured to help rig Russia's parliamentary election to boost the results for Vladimir Putin's party Iran threatens legal action against Google for not labeling Persian Gulf German Chancellor Angela Merkel will soon have an extra 930 in her pocket each month, after the country's cabinet decided on Wednesday to award themselves their first pay rise for over a decade. Indian Supreme Court orders Pirate Bay, Pastebin blocks, gets DDoSed Foreign holders of 422bn of Greek debt were warned to brace themselves for killer losses as coalition talks in Athens collapsed, threatening Greece's future in the eurozone.  North Koreans 'holding 29 Chinese fishermen' and are demanding payment for their release, Chinese media says. UK exam boards making money from their own mistakes  the man who raised the alarm is suspended as means of silencing him  Controversial Islamic school ordered out of Toronto public school propertyPolice investigating into alleged antiSemitic course material Pakistan seeks $5,000 transit fee for each NATO container and tanker that transits its territory by land into and out of Afghanistan Invisible Censorship How Indian Government Censors Without Being Seen WikiLeaks may have been responsible for exposing Majid Jamali Fashi, who was hanged in Tehran on Tuesday morning after confessing to assassinating a nuclear scientist on behalf of Israel Iran's Ahmadinejad wants to attend London Olympics to back Iran athletes, says Britain won't host him In Japan, the Lights are Already Starting to Go Out...
Government accused of plotting to restart nuclear plants as it warns of power cuts BBC News  The Pirate Bay hit by DDoS attack Canadian police commanders and 28 front line officers to be charged over G20 protest misconduct Two held for shooting imam in northern Sweden  Two men have been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of an imam who remains in a coma nearly three months after being shot in the head in northern Sweden. Iran 'to sue Google' for not labelling Gulf on world map Mexico's Drug War 50,000 Dead in 6 Years As a direct result of the Pirate Bay ban, the website of the UK Pirate Party has jumped more than 100,000 places in the UK rankings and any moment now will become the 1,500th mostvisited website in the country. French prime minister promises to implement equal marriage and adoption rights for gays Canadian PM Harper If you oppose the Internet spying bill, you support child pornography; the bill would allow the government to seize citizens' private data without warrant Welsh town where King Henry V born to be world's 1st Wikipedia town   Local council installed townwide free WiFi so visitors can use smartphones to scan barcodes at points of interest in Monmouth, instantly bringing up a Wikipedia page about the landmark in whatever language they're set to  Police detain 400 anticapitalist protesters in Frankfurt on Friday for defying a ban on demonstrations against austerity policies People in Honduras' predominantly Indian Mosquito coast region burned down government offices and demanded that U.S. drug agents leave the area, reacting angrily to an antidrug operation in which they say police gunfire killed four innocent people, including two pregnant women. More than 1,000 UK government staff caught snooping on citizen data  including criminal records, social security, and medical records. Greek leftist leader Alexis Tsipras 'It's a war between people and capitalism' Fishing Observers Intimidated & Bribed by EU Crews Observers monitoring European fish quotas are being regularly intimidated, offered bribes & undermined by the fishing crews they are observing. Several observers recall being warned to back off because accidents happen at sea.
   200yearold shipwreck found in Gulf of Mexico Caught snooping the UK government was forced to reveal under Freedom of Information laws that more than 1,000 civil servants have snooped on British citizens' private data Thailand Man found with 6 roasted foetuses covered in gold leaf in his luggage. Malawi to overturn homosexual ban, Joyce Banda says Greek Politician Warns Europe 'We Will Default If You Cut Funding' Canada Axes Green Advisory Body  
Government is to mark 25th anniversary of its green business advisers by shutting the agency down For many in Egypt, the presidential vote is not about Islam  Egyptians have more earthly matters to contend with jobs and the sagging economy. Polls find the Muslim Brotherhood candidate trailing moderate rivals. London's Amazingly Explicit Surveillance State Mascot For The 2012 Olympics Has A Huge Camera Eye That 'Records Everything' Indias untouchables turn video journalists to fill news gap on issues and abuse rarely documented in mainstream news media AFP Israeli tank fire hurts seven in Gaza medics US Envoy To Israel US Ready To Strike Iran Pentagon claims Chinese stealth jet 2 years ahead of schedule UK muslim woman beat girl, 10, with steel ladle for not reading enough of Koran. 56 wounds on the child's body. Quebec education law to impose fines in tuition crisis Controversial Quebec protest bill could pass tonight after lengthy debate 800yearold tree at Vancouver Island park falls to 
illegal loggers  In Athens, the homeless are on the streets in growing numbers, soup kitchens feed twice as many people as a year ago, and the poor are diving into garbage bins in search of scrap they can sell. Greece is close to breaking point as it struggles with austerity targets set by creditors Assange stands 'real chance' of election in Australia Quebecs antiprotest legislation tramples basic rights Netherlands  first country in Europe with net neutrality In addition, it adopted provisions protecting users against disconnection and wiretapping by providers. Saudi Arabia bans use of English, Gregorian calendar Bomb explosion at school in Brindisi, Italy Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng was hurriedly taken from a hospital Saturday and boarded a plane that took off for the United States Illegal logging comes to Canada 800yearold tree at Vancouver Island park falls to poachers MonsantoFunded Research Reveals Monsanto [Toxic] Products Are Safe Their [review on glyphosate] aimed to discredit the work of a French research group at the Institut Jaques Monod who published five articles indicating glyphosates wideranging potential for environmental and human harm.

 A third Mexican army general with ties with drug cartels has been arrested. NY Times Japanese whalers set out to kill 260 whales for scientific research SpaceX aborted its launch of the Dragon capsule toward the ISS at the last second on Saturday due to a technical issue with one of the rocket's nine engines. 25,000 Rally Against Austerity in Germany  Anonymous hacks Indian sites to protest against Vimeo, others being blocked Israel is developing butterfly drones for indoor surveillance BBC News  Crime and punishment, Norwegian style Fukushima Reactor 4 poses massive global risk French villagers run New Zealand man out of town over alleged cat torture  Neighbors charge they were mutilating cats & selling them for experiments.  People took matters into their own hands. It was like something out of the Middle Ages, the NZ man says. Quebec student protests turn increasingly violent; Molotov cocktails thrown, explosive devices and various criminal acts Nato protesters arrested in Chicago raid held on terrorism conspiracy charges Honduras can pull off five centuries of legal reforms in a decade by creating new citystates within it's borders with laws designed from scratch Lawyers compare Quebecs controversial protest bill to War Measures Act The philosopher Alain de Botton has announced that he will be working on a new project to make pornography better Murdered Journalist was a Soviet Spy, His Family Now Claims  Postmortem examination indicates a horrific attack took place in the living room of his home Hundreds of pet owls abandoned after Harry Potter craze fades Pictures of the 6.0 Earthquake in North Italy A 73yearold Japanese woman climbed to Mount Everest's peak Saturday, smashing her own record to again become the oldest woman to scale the world's highest mountain. Immortal Avatar Russian project seeks to create robot with human brain The Pirate Party fits the political gap 'two years ago, hardly anyone knew that the Pirate Party even existed; now, all of a sudden, it has won seats in state parliaments in four successive elections, and a new poll puts them at 11% of Germany's national vote.' Pakistan has blocked Twitter over blasphemous material on the social networking site. Scientists who claimed homosexuality could be cured withdraws claim and apologises Franois Hollande pledges support for gay marriage in France 'A communiqu issued by the office of the PM, JeanMarc Ayrault, marked the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia yesterday with a pledge to put the presidents manifesto promise into law.'  Quebec protesters set fires in busy Montreal streets Frankfurt March Protests Unchecked Capitalism Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset alMegrahi dead [xpost from r/unitedkingdom] BBC News  Three killed in northern Italy earthquake Exploding The Myth Of The Feckless, Lazy Greeks Stereotypes and untruths are everywhere, but this economic crisis is not the selfinflicted result of a lax Mediterranean work ethic. Fighting rages in eastern DR Congo Lockerbie bomber alMegrahi has died in Libya
| Reuters Fourth Mexican army officer held in drug cartel probe Pakistan blocks Twitter because of tweets considered offensive to Islam UK special forces 'to stay in Afghanistan after 2014' Eggs thrown as Taiwanese president sworn in Mafia suspected in Italian school bombing  Local mafia cartel the United Sacred Crown are alleged to be behind the bombing of a girls' school in Italy which killed one and injured seven others.  Youth protest former Mexican ruling party's rise Yemen clashes kill 34 militants, soldiers officials Syria Rebel Suicide Bomber Attacks Regime Military Installations, 9 Killed, 100 Wounded Deadly floods strike north Afghanistan  The Vatican is threatening legal action against those responsible for Vatileaks, a book of leaked internal documents. Suicide blast kills more than 100 Yemeni troops at parade rehearsal  CNN.com Israeli soldiers seen standing by as settlers use live fire against Palestinians Bee Gee's singer Robin Gibb is dead. Earthquake destroys $326 million worth of cheese WATCH An Israeli settler shoots at Palestinians while IDF soldiers stand idly by, 24 year old Palestinian wounded as a result. NATO decides to activate missile shield despite Russian threats  NATO leaders launched Sunday 1st phase of a USled missile shield for Europe, risking the wrath of Russia which has threatened to deploy rockets to EU borders in response.

 Elusive 'Asian Unicorn' Faces Extinction Japanese man severs real estate agent's arm with katana Quebec corruption inquiry could expose links between Mafia, politics and construction  Study Despite Tougher Copyright Monopoly Laws, Sharing Remains Pervasive  61% of 1525 yearolds in Sweden share culture online, in violation of the copyright monopoly Ban Kimoon Eradicate polio, finally  The highly preventable disease survives in only Afghanistan, Nigeria and Pakistan. If we don't wipe it out now, a future epidemic could be devastating. Arctic melt releasing ancient methane BBC News  Three climbers die on Mt Everest Russia Says West Considering Military Action on Iran  It's one of many signals coming from sources that the military option is realistic & possible.  We're receiving signals this option is being reviewed in some capitals as more applicable in this situation. We're very worried about this.  Inside Halden, The Most Humane Prison In The World  Report from highsecurity prison in Norway. Where rehabilitation is focus, not retribution. Prisoners include murderers, paedophiles. Yet every cell has flatscreen TV and private shower. Warden can't remember last figh Taliban destroy poppy fields in surprise clampdown on Afghan opium growers.  Action by Taliban welcomed by government and clerics but insurgent says destruction was for religious reasons Svyatoslav Sheremet, head of Gay Forum of Ukraine, is beaten as he met with members of the media to inform them that a scheduled gaypride parade was cancelled UK banks are ready for Greek exit, says Bank of England Pakistan restores Twitter after block JPMorgan Chase loss only going to get worse  Drones of its Own NATO Signs Deal with Northrup Grumman for Global Surveillance Capabilities Mexican Journalists Silenced to Death  Journalists are being killed, wounded & threatened at an alarming rate in Mexico since the US/Mexican 'War on Drugs' accelerated into a bloodbath of deaths, wounding & torture beginning in 2006. Alleged perpetrator of mass beheadings in Mexico arrested Czech exminister Rath faces hearing over box of cash   A week ago police detained Mr Rath as he was carrying a wine box containing 7m koruna (224,000). He is accused of diverting money from an EU project. Did a Dingo Do it?   32 years on,  the 4th inquest into Azaria Chamberlain's death opened in Darwin this morning.  A coroner's court heard the 9weekold baby was probably taken by a dingo. She famously disappeared from a tent at Uluru in 1980.
 Tony Blair and George Bush's phone conversation a week before Iraq invasion 'must be released' A Muslim teenager was murdered by her parents for bringing shame on her Pakistaniborn parents by leading a Western way of life and trying to go on dates with boys in the UK. Father, 56, in critical condition after being stabbed 
trying to shield dying son from gang pub attack Putin consolidates power, hires ousted ministers President Vladimir Putin ignored public opposition and hired some Russia's most unpopular former ministers Tuesday and Russian lawmakers debated a draconian bill that raises fines for joining unsanctioned protests 200fold. Canada's Telecom Companies Have Secretly Supported Internet Surveillance Legislation Private supply ship, SpaceX Dragon, rockets toward space station, opens new era of spaceflight A firstofitskind commercial supply ship rocketed toward the International Space Station following a successful liftoff early Tuesday, opening a new era of dollardriven spaceflight. Quebecs largest student group has vowed to defy the Quebec governments new emergency law, calling for a summer of protests and acts of civil disobedience. Europe's worst fear Spain and Greece spiral down together 36 More Arrested in Quebec Student Protests Leaked Memo High concentrations of dust and burned waste from Afghan 'Burn Pit' likely to impact veterans health for the rest of their lives.  Night of Protest in Montreal after 'Emergency Law' 
Police continue to attempt crackdown on 'one of the most amazing mass protests of the year' Research ship finds the world's oceans are 'plasticized' Veterans discard their service medals at antiNATO rally US Senate panel votes to cut aid for Pakistan, Egypt The return of the barbaric necklace in South Africa. 8 suspected criminals necklaced in Khayelitsha, Cape Town in the last 3 months by vigilantes An Historic Moment Private Cargo Rocket Heads to Space Station The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has said it is close to signing an accord with Iran after his talks in Tehran Germany isolated as Latin Bloc calls the shots The eurozone's 'Latin Bloc' is in full revolt. The trio of French, Italian, and Spanish leaders  backed by world powers  are to push for a radical shift in Europe's economic strategy at crucial summit on Wednesday Hollande will not go Dutch on drug policies France is one of Europes biggest cannabis consumers and has some of the toughest antidrug laws. UK prisoners must be given right to vote, European court rules Third of malaria drugs 'are fake' French ban of Monsanto GM maize rejected by EU The EU's food safety body ruled there is 'no specific scientific evidence' that the insectresistant strain is harmful to health or the environment Which Nations Consume the Most Water?  Much of the lifesustaining resource is traded across national borders 5.8 earthquake recorded 14 miles from Sofia, Bulgaria Four die on Mount Everest Indian state to let forest guards shoot poachers on sight Maharashtra government says killing poachers will no longer be considered a crime after eight tiger deaths in the state this year. First Skydive without parachute successful! South Korea to Chemically Castrate Repeat Child Rapist Across Italy police are cracking down on Ferrari and Lamborghini drivers, but not because they are driving too fast. Italy, like so much of southern Europe, is drowning in debt, so police are pursuing drivers to make sure they are declaring and therefore paying taxes. Former president of Poland criminalization of drug use was a mistake Egyptians choose their leader for first time in 5,000 years Pakistan jails doctor who helped CIA find Bin Laden Shakil Afridi was charged with treason for running a fake vaccination programme to gather information for the American intelligence agency. Israeli gives up on Everest summit to help Turkish climber Wikileaks' Julian Assange to learn his extradition fate on 30 May An Islamist who believes that the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the United States were an American conspiracy is the frontrunner in Egypts presidential race, a new poll shows.  Montreal police brought the hammer down on student demonstrators Tuesday night, enforcing a controversial law that brought tens of thousands into the streets in a protest earlier in the day that drew international support.  Yemen is facing a food crisis of catastrophic proportions, with almost half the population going hungry and a third of children in some areas severely malnourished Video from an Israeli human rights group shows Israeli soldiers stood by as Jewish settlers opened fire on Palestinians. New Zealand to pull troops from Afghanistan Kidnapped Fishermen's Case Angers Chinese Public  Plight of 28 Chinese fishermen, who were kidnapped, robbed, stripped & held for 13 days by N Koreans, has inflamed public opinion, with Internet users questioning the Beijing govts close relationship with its reclusive ally in Pyongyang Romanian PM will not ratify ACTA Africa is experiencing some of the biggest falls in child mortality ever seen EU blocks France ban on Monsanto corn Based on the documentation submitted by France, there is no specific scientific evidence, in terms of risk to human and animal health or the environment Father of war veteran kidnaps shell shocked son from Canadian military base to get him treatment  DEABacked Honduran Commandos Put Gun to Honduran Boy's Head, Tell Him, If you don't talk we'll kill you. Piers Morgan freshly linked to phonehacking scandal by Jeremy Paxman's evidence. 'We want to live ... like human beings' Egyptians vote in first democratic presidential election Scientists have found more than 150,000 sites in the Arctic where methane is seeping into the atmosphere, according to a report published Sunday in the journal Nature Geoscience. Doctor Who Helped Track Osama Jailed  
Physician who helped the US track down Osama bin Laden has been convicted of high treason & sentenced to 33 years in prison Philippines China increasing ships at disputed shoal  Vessels include 5 government ships as well as dozens of fishing & utility boats. The Philippines currently has two vessels there. Quebec is trampling basic human rights to quash student protests Indian state says it's OK now to kill tiger poachers on sight. Iran Navy Helps U.S. Ship Attacked by Pirates in Middle East Child pornography is great, the man said enthusiastically, Politicians do not understand file sharing, but they understand child pornography, and they want to filter that to score points with the public. Sweden moves to outlaw forced marriages Nearly 1,000 dogs reportedly have been sickened by chicken jerky pet treats from China, according to a new tally of complaints from worried owners and veterinarians submitted to federal health officials. RCMP to ease Canadians into the idea of U.S. agents in Canada Official 122 girls, 3 teachers poisoned at Afghan school Over 700 arrest last night in Montreal and Quebec City during a student demonstration. Canadian Pacific Railroad wants to cut employee pensions by 40% and worsen already rough working conditions. In response, a strike is showing how important 4,800 CP workers are to the Canadian and Global economy,  Iran navy saves US cargo ship from pirates North Korea ready to carry out nuclear test at any moment Drunk Chinese couple buries carhit victim alive  police. A young Chinese couple is suspected of burying alive an elderly woman, whom they thought they had hit and killed while driving drunk after an allnight karaoke session. The two most important criminal organizations in Mexico are engaged in allout war, and the most spectacular battles are being fought for the cameras as the combatants pursue a strategy of intimidation and propaganda by dumping ever greater numbers of headless bodies in public view. New Zealand officials pledge to snuff out smoking entirely by 2025. Australia21 Board Member Dr Alex Wodak Should Illicit Drugs be Legalised in Australia? The War on Drugs, waged for at the last 40 years, has failed comprehensively. Important leaders of the community in Australia and other countries now increasingly acknowledge this. Indian state says it's OK now to kill tiger poachers on sight
 TEPCO today announced their new estimates of the radiation release at Fukushima. They now estimate that four times as much Cesium was released as at Chernobyl A Female President Demands Equal Rights for Africa's Gays Gold Boom Spreading Mercury as 15 Million Miners Exposed African asylum seekers injured in Tel Aviv race riots  Violence breaks out after inflammatory speeches as protesters join politicians to demonstrate against rising Israeli immigration U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan Inventor of the TV remote control dies at 96  North Korea executes 3 for cannibalism. Chinese police have arrested a young couple who buried an old woman alive in the mistaken belief she was dead after their car hit the 68yearold Julian Assange wears Anonymousstyle mask in rare public appearance BBC News  SpaceX Dragon docking with ISS Montreal's student protesters defy restrictions as demonstrations grow
 The Yes campaign for Scottish independence officially launched today. Famous Scots supporting the Yes campaign include Sean Connery and Brian Cox. Which countries work the longest hours?  Generally speaking, long working hours are associated with lower productivity per hour  Ontario Students are considering joining Quebec Mexico's war on the drug cartels started in Michoacan; six years on, it's a cautionary tale of prohibitionism's failure  Unprecedented attack on Canadians' constitutional freedoms. Biggest telescope ever, to be built in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa, announced today. US cuts Pakistan aid over jailing of bin Laden sting doctor US cuts $33m in aid to Pakistan.  $1m for each year of Shakil Afridi's sentence. Tel Aviv race riot flags bitter immigration dispute Potbanging against Bill 78, Quebec law limiting protests, is catching on. Report N. Korean officials executed in staged traffic accidents Spain plans $11bn rescue of troubled bank  Minister announces full nationalisation of Bankia, country's fourthlargest lender, amid rising loandefault rates. Spanish doctor ordered to pay for upkeep of child after failed abortion Mexico gang launches car bomb near US border Newly Independent South Sudan becomes FIFA's 209th member Vatican detains suspect in unauthorised leaks probe Jailed punk band Pussy Riot pushes free speech limits in Russia At least ten top members of the Irans Guardians of the Islamic Revolution (Pasdaran) group have died under suspicious circumstances in recent months Trash Bin Babies India's Female Infanticide Crisis   Can the European concept of baby hatches help curb sexselective abortions and infanticide? An Israeli who rescued a distressed climber on Mount Everest instead of pushing onward to the summit said Friday that the man he helped, an American of Turkish origin, is like a brother to him. Iranian sailors chase off pirates attacking U.S. ship Information shows that Syrian President Bashar Assad's brotherinlaw, Assef Shawkat, and several other senior officials were indeed poisoned 30 North Korean officials involved in South talks die 'in traffic accidents'  Its the older generation thats entitled, not students Canada eliminates entire marine pollution program China hits back on U.S. human rights 26% of minors in Spain live in homes that fall below the 2010 poverty threshold BBC News  Syria crisis Houla child massacre confirmed by UN Pope's butler arrested over Vatican documents leak Syria shelling 'kills at least 90' Not All Israeli Citizens Are Equal  NYTimes.com Syria children slaughtered as regime unleashes 18hour attack on town Japanese chef cooks and serves his genitals at Tokyo banquet. After massacre kills 90 in Syria, Russia ships MORE weapons to Assad. Women must bathe less, shave heads to avoid AIDS  Zimbabwean politician German solar power plants produced a world record 22 gigawatts of electricity per hour  equal to 20 nuclear power stations at full capacity  through the midday hours on Friday and Saturday Syrian activists decry 'massacre' in Houla  [WARNING photos of dead kids] Egypt elections results in a 'nightmare scenario' In Brazil, a showdown over rainforest deforestation  Brazil's president is scheduled to sign a reform package today that could retroactively legalize the deforestation of millions of acres in the Amazon. Center of gravity in oil world shifts to Americas. The dynamics of energy geopolitics is changing in a way that had been unforeseen just a few years ago. Egypt runoff called 'worstcase scenario'. A Muslim Brotherhood candidate and a former member of Hosni Mubarak's regime will compete to become Egypt's next president, firstround election results show. Diplomat Iran nuclear talks complete failure. Western powers demand Iran completely shut down nuclear Program, offer no end to sanctions Israeli gunboats and an Egyptian clampdown on fuel smuggling into the Gaza Strip are strangling the Palestinian enclave's little fishing fleet, slowly turning a generation of fishermen into fishmongers. [UK] Theresa May we'll stop migrants if euro collapses IMF Chief to Greeks  It's payback time don't expect sympathy   Japan and China begin direct (non dollar) bilateral trading in June. Google warns hundreds of thousands may lose Internet in July Teen Solves Newtons 300YearOld Riddle  An Indianborn teenager who lives in Germany has  solved a mathematical problem posed by Sir Isaac Newton that's baffled mathematicians ever since A 61yearold German woman has been fined 800 for blowing a whistle down the telephone at a callcentre worker and damaging her hearing  after she got fed up with constant coldcalls to her house Israeli settler shoots Palestinian in West Bank
Some 25 Israeli settlers, some carrying guns, set fire to wheat fields in the Palestinian village of Orif, near the northern West Bank city of Nablus. Quebec passes new law that many say is intended to stifle protests by students; thousands rally in Montreal to protest it Brave Saudi woman confronts religious police trying to chastise her for having painted nails  then posts video online 
Outrage Grows Over Syria Massacre  Western nations are pressing for a response to the massacre in the Syrian town of Houla, with the US calling for an end to what it called President Bashar alAssad's rule by murder Afghan women leave the country in fear of Taliban return. The threat of a curtailment of women's rights prompts many to quit before the 2014 handover IMF chief tells Greeks to pay their taxes Gorilla Areas Bombed by Congo Rebels   Fighting in the central African state has reached the national park where a dwindling population of primates lives. Just over 800 gorillas remain in the world, with 210 living in the area. The definition of heroism Man drowns rescuing two children BBC News  Nato air strike 'kills Afghan family' BBC News  Bosnian couple 'enslaved German girl' Sweden wins eurovision songcontest! Syria Denies Responsibility for Massacre Near Homs Riots Over Smelly Pig Plant Shut it Down   Pigs started dying after locals blocked access.  Chili ordered it closed & the 500,000 surviving pigs removed to prevent health disaster. Removal is expected to take 6 months.


 Manmohan Singh is beginning an official visit to Burma, the first by an Indian prime minister since 1987  He will meet President Thein Sein and opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi, whose mother once served as Burma's ambassador to India.  IndiaBurma Border Caught in Time Warp  Both sides are poor & underdeveloped, & awash with ethnic tribes who are often at conflict with the governments in Delhi and Nay Pyi Taw, part of the reason why the region is a hotbed of insurgency Australia teen dies after YouTube 'Final Goodbye' video goes viral Syria 'massacre' raises pressure for international response Greeks riled by IMF chief Lagarde's 'taxdodging' comments Moscow police detain 40 as gay activists demand right to hold parade, face Christian protest Lady Gaga cancels Indonesia concert amid Muslim protest fears Social media fuel Mexican youth protests Center of gravity in oil world shifts to Americas  Rebel Groups Merge in Mali, Agree on Islamic State  
The 2 rebel groups that seized control of the northern half of Mali have agreed to fuse their movements & work together to create an independent Islamic state on the territory they occupy Vatican faces widening scandal after the Pope's butler tries to publish book of conspiracies regarding top Cardinals China's yearly report on US human rights record has been published. Bill C38 In the last 12 months I have seen clearly  the rise of tyrannical policies and the application of such mind and state control that the people of Canada , unless they soon react, will find themselves slaves to a corporate and political domination BBC's Panorama spent a month filming at matches in Poland and Ukraine prior to their hosting Euro 2012, and witnessed Nazi salutes from the terraces, black players being taunted with monkey chants, rampant antiSemitism and a vicious assault on a group of Asian students. Pirate Bay Ready For Perpetual IPAddress WhacAMole Iran confirms sending troops to Syria Protester interrupts Blair's appearance at Leveson inquiry This man is a war criminal Amnesty International report North Korea executes 30 officials who were involved in talks with South Korea   Olympic ban threat for Syria. Eduard Khil, trololol guy, hospitalized after stroke Powerful Flame cyber weapon found in Middle East. It is the most complex piece of malicious software discovered to date, according to a security researcher. Cambridge researchers claims backdoor found in Chinamade chip supplied to western militaries Houla massacre survivor tells how his family were slaughtered Iran Wont Halt Production of Higher Grade Uranium A cyberattack which has covertly collected vast amounts of sensitive data from countries like Israel and Iran has been uncovered, Russian researchers say. The insurance market Lloyd's of London is preparing contingency plans for the possibility of the euro collapsing, its chief executive has said Two monks selfimmolate in Tibet Majority of Germans want Greece out of the Euro Women increasingly taking on key management roles in Mexican drug cartels will make drugtraffickers stronger, harder to fight, because  the women appear to be acting smarter. Mali rebels merge to create independent Islamist state  Two rebels groups who seized control of northern Mali have agreed to turn their territory into an independent Islamist state. Both groups have grown in power in recent months, capitalizing on political instablity.  U.S. Special Forces have been parachuting into North Korea to spy on Pyongyangs extensive network of underground military facilities. U.N. Security council meets to discuss Syria massacre Illegal kidney trade booms as new organ is 'sold every hour' U.N. condemns Syrian killings; toll rises to 108 ACTA Doomsday Approaches  Please Help Hundreds of lawyers take to the streets in full courtroom attire in protest of unconsitutional Quebec law Syrian diplomats expelled from countries around the world after new massacre France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Canada, Britain and Australia kick out ambassadors and other senior representatives. A New Zealand court has ruled that the U.S. Government must hand over the evidence they have against Megaupload so Kim Dotcom and other employees can properly defend themselves against the pending extradition request. The father of a man killed in the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown has hanged himself in protest after two decades of failed attempts to seek government redress, a support group said Monday. B.C police gun down a mentally ill man while he crawls on his hands and knees Italy hit by magnitude 6.0 earthquake, 32 miles northeast of Parma U.S. denies North Korea commando operation The Gem of Canadian Science that (Canadian PM) Harper Killed/ world famous Experimental Lakes Area proved phosphates caused lake killing blooms. Child brides sold as HIV cure in South Africa NATO Kills Senior alQaeda Leader 
 Rapper Najafi on the Fatwa 'Fundamentalists Can't Take a Joke'  Iranian rapper Shahin Najafi has been in hiding in Germany since a fatwa was pronounced against him three weeks ago. EU signs 10M contract with UK security firm to work in Libya but didn't ask Libya and no work permits will be approved. Photos paint horrific scene following massacre in Houla Tuna contaminated with Fukushima radiation found in California Zanzibar Islamists burn churches  Reuters Argentina bomb defused where Colombia's expresident was to speak  Growing Fear Over Fukushima Fuel Pool 4 as Wall Bulge Detected  
TEPCO admits bulge detected, stoking fears over the buildings stability

 Vatican Forced To Deny Senior Cardinal Is Mastermind Of Vatileaks Scandal Speculation has continued to gather pace that senior Church figures are behind the leaking of sensitive Vatican documents and that butler Paolo Gabriele . . . is nothing more than a scapegoat. Robert Mugabe named international tourism ambassador in latest UN absurdity Syrian ambassadors expelled from countries including UK, France and US Apparent human foot delivered to Conservative Party HQ In a country with compulsory voting, 1.5 million potential voters missing from Australian electoral rolls.  71% of Britons said they felt the open doors approach to foreign nationals was leading to an increase in racist feelings Pakistan death decree over wedding video Four women and two men have been sentenced to death in northern Pakistan for singing and dancing at a wedding Robert Mugabe appointed as UN international envoy for tourism Dutch Parliament kills ACTA by unanimous vote, 'no similar agreement will be ever signed by the government' Rookie Toronto cop harassed and berated by fellow officers for arresting offduty constable on DUI charge Google wins YouTube copyright battle While German and U.S. courts say YouTube is responsible for pirated material, a French court backs Google saying, It has no obligation to police the content. IMF's Christine Lagarde, who chastised Greek tax evaders, pays no taxes herself; she makes $467,940 a year in salary and is given a $83,760 yearly allowance, both taxfree Trololo man in critical health condition Greeks voted themselves the hardestworking country in Europe, with most others saying they were laziest. By hours worked, the Greeks were right. Russian Journalist Stabbed 20 Times, Apparently for Insulting Islam Quebec's Bill 78 threatens freedom of expression 'Its penalties are draconian, designed more to stifle free expression than protect public order. Legislatively, it's the equivalent of using a sledgehammer to crack a nut' Mexico finds cartels making fake military uniforms Pope Benedict on Wednesday [30 May 2012] angrily denounced media coverage of a leaks scandal shaking the Roman Catholic Church, saying it presented a false image of the Holy See. Human foot sent to Conservative Party of Canada headquarters Julian Assange loses appeal against extradition to Sweden After 50 Years of Silence, China Slowly Confronts the 'Great Leap Forward'   Half a century after the famine that killed perhaps 30 million people, censors have quietly loosened their ban and citizens are moving past the taboo. Why now? Christine Lagarde  IMF head who told the Greeks to pay taxes  pays no tax on her $1/2M salary Germany's renewable energy revolution leaves UK in the shade  The country expects renewables to contribute 35% electricity by 2020  no matter what the cost
 One policeman sent to the hospital in Spain after being bitten by 3 women 13 found slain in Syria as world anger mounts  CNN.com BBC News  Julian Assange loses extradition appeal at Supreme Court Spain woes drag euro to 23month low vs dollar Discovery of bones at B.C. lake resurrects one of darkest tales in Canadian history Annan says Syria 'at a tipping point' after massacre  Several nations expel Syrian diplomats to protest the Houla massacre, which officials now say involved mostly housetohouse summary executions of civilians. Iranian Officer Tehran Sent Troops to Syria India to open super highway to Burma and Thailand India is to open a new four lane motorway to allow traders and tourists to drive from its eastern tea state of Assam into Burma, Thailand and eventually Cambodia and Vietnam.  BBC  Increase in West Bank demolitions of Palestinian homes, say United Nations. Ethnic cleaning, say Palestinians.  Unprecedented Wave Of Railway Suicides Hits France France to cap executive pay at state firms no more than 20 times the lowest pay. The NSW upper house has voted in favour of gay marriage Russian Millionaire Tosses Paper Money Planes Out of Office Window, Laughs as People Brawl Over Them Men trick way into North Korea Three Strikes Against ACTA In European Parliament Today Alberta pipeline spill discovered by accident; still leaking oil and water into muskeg. Israeli politician Send human rights activists to prison camps It may seem painless, but drone war in Afghanistan 
is destroying the West's reputation  Telegraph Moscow Mistakenly Plants Field of Marijuana Instead of Grass US student killed while filming violence in Syria AntiCensorship Tool Used in Syria and Iran Compromised It adds a keylogging component, and ships the recorded information off to a server hosted in the US and registered to a person in Saudi Arabia 11yearold played dead to survive Syria massacre BBC News  Russia contributing to potential Syria civil war  US Olympic beer to cost 7.23 a pint  Telegraph Report Chavez's cancer has 'entered the end stage'  Yahoo! News Study Sleepy drivers almost as dangerous as drunk drivers Report Chavez's cancer has 'entered the end stage' Suspect that sent body parts to government parties in Canada may have filmed the killing. Security tighter than ever at Bilderberg conference Ehud Barak If negotiations fail, Israel must consider unilateral withdrawal from West Bank Norway prison plans to hire cell buddies for Breivik Scottish Parliament Formally Endorses Independence Egypts decadeslong state of emergency came to an end on Thursday after its last renewal expired, the ruling military said in a statement, vowing to continue to protect the nation Latest alleged girls' school poisoning blamed on Taliban 'attack on women's education' China says no to another massive stimulus plan to boost economy Stock markets down across Asia as investors sought clues as to how the world's secondlargest economy would respond to its biggest economic challenge in three years. Dutch company plans colony on Mars. The one way trip only takes seven months! The world's political leaders are failing catastrophically to address the climate crisis. History will not understand or forgive them. Confirmed US, Israel created Stuxnet, lost control of it Troubled Greece Greece is broke and close to being broken. It is a country where children are fainting in school because they are hungry, where 20,000 Athenians are scavenging through waste tips for food, and where the lifeblood of a modern economy  credit  is fast drying up. U.N. takeover of the Internet must be stopped, U.S. warns AP 'napalm girl' photo from Vietnam War turns 40 Anxious Spaniards withdraw billions from banks China faces worst security breach in decades as official arrested on suspicion of being a U.S. spy sources Chevron Sued in Canada by Ecuadorans Over Pollution in Rain Forest Ecuadorans, who've waged a bitter legal battle against Chevron, sued in Canada in an attempt to seize $18 billion of the oil giants assets, after Chevron refused to pay a verdict against it in their homeland From now on, in India sex under the age of 18 is forbidden  consensus or no consensus notwithstanding Canada withdraws from UN body, accuses it of making Mugabe tourism ambassador Luka Magnotta wanted for murder after killing man on camera with an ice pick, performing sexual acts with the corpse, then beheading the victim. He then mailed a hand and a foot to parts of the Canadian government.  Egypt lifts emergency martial law that has been in place for 30 years Woman sentenced to death by stoning in Sudan  Young woman held in a Khartoum prison with her baby son sentenced to be stoned to death for adultery. International manhunt started for murderer/cannibal Luka Magnotta Fossil fuel subsidies must end, says Indian microfinance firm  Awardwinning organisations urge global leaders to concentrate on renewable energy and stop subsidising fossil fuels
 Russia's New Propaganda Minister Alters History Editors Of The Guardian And The New York Times Would Back Julian Assange If Prosecuted By U.S. Government. Also Thinking Of Launching WikiLeaksstyle Operations Of Their Own. 12 Syrian workers ordered off a bus, then shot dead. Rebels blame Assad forces, Syrian media blame terrorists. World stock markets plunge as global crisis deepens In Thailand, if you insult the King online you can go to jail for up to twenty years. One women was arrested because she did not delete an online comment someone made about the King fast enough. She did not even make the comment.  Edmonton (Canada) teacher suspended for giving zeros Irish voters back EU fiscal pact with 60.3% in favour   Voters in the Republic of Ireland have approved the EU fiscal pact, according to official results. Syria Blames Rebels for Massacre  
A Syrian official inquiry into the Houla massacre blames the atrocities on rebels trying to provoke international intervention Israel and its black immigrants 
Keep out. Racial tension is rising as black asylumseekers pour in Hosni Mubarak, former Egyptian president, gets life in prison. Google tells Chinese when they're being censored Illegal FileSharing Chips Away At North Korean Propaganda 'According to a new report, the sharing of pirate TV shows and music among the citizens of the country is challenging the DPRK regimes depiction of the outside world.' WORLD BANK BOSS We're Headed For Impending Catastrophe  A Rerun Of Great Panic Of 2008 Hosni Mubarak 'has a heart attack' while taken to prison [Israel] UltraOrthodox Jewish vandals have severely damaged a 1600yearold mosaic located in an ancient synagogue. World cancer cases to rise by 75 percent by 2030 The Vatican's justice system harks back to medieval times and is unlikely to provide the pope's butler with fair treatment after his arrest for leaking confidential documents, according to a French lawyer involved in a previous case in the Holy See. Warnings about Flame virus come amid suspicions of US role in launching secret cyberweapons. White House refuses to discuss Virus.  Azerbaijan Thwarts Massive Islamist Attack On Eurovision Singing Contest, 40 Arrested Along With Weapons Cache, Plotters Trained In Pakistani Jihadist Camps Kofi Annan warns of 'allout' war in Syria Peace envoy tells meeting of Arab League members that the conflict is taking sectarian dimension, amid renewed violence A bear ate the corpse of a convicted killer in a wooded area of Canada, according to authorities. Trilliondollar plan to build Starship Enterprise Bear eats a murderer in Canada.  A series of leaks rocks the Vatican as allegations of corruption and internal conflicts emerge Srebrenica 'not genocide'  Serbia's President Nikolic BBC News  Thousands of Sudanese 'flee to South Sudan' Myanmar has abandoned research on a nuclear program that never progressed very far, and has stepped back from close military and political ties with North Korea, the Southeast Asian country's defense minister said on Saturday. London Met police accused of racism 51 times in last two months  Serbian president denies Srebrenica genocide Newly elected Tomislav Nikolic says 'grave war crimesy Serbs took place but not genocide, angering Bosnian leadership. How Islamophobes Launched a National Debate Recent German Debate on Islam Triggered by Tiny antiMuslim Party No breathing room for Spain  Spain is one of the favorites at this summer's European soccer championships, but the country is fighting for survival economically. Madrid could soon be calling for help from the European Union.  Copyright Board of Canada (SOCAN) charging tarrifs for music played at weddings Egypt's Hosni Mubarak sentenced to life in prison Big Ben to be renamed Elizabeth Tower in honor of Queen ELizabeth