 Stolen Maple Syrup Recovered France to cover 100 percent of abortion costs Marijuana And Cancer Scientists Find Cannabis Compound Stops Metastasis In Aggressive Cancers Swedish Pirate Party surges after filesharing host facility raided 


Divers Return to Wreck Where Ancient Computer Found  In 1900, divers saw a pile of dead, naked women on the seabed.  Turned out to be Greek statues in a Roman ship wreck. Also found was a curious device that calculates movements of stars & planets & timing of athletic events. 



 The $1 billion mission to reach the Earth's mantle Proposed Split of Large Institutions Fight Looms Over EU Plans for Bank Reform  Until recently, calls to forcibly split up European banks were dismissed as a radical leftist idea. Now even an EU panel of experts is recommending dividing up dangerous financial giants. Japanese researchers discover that looking at pics of baby animals improves productivity The Philippines Passes a Cybercrime Prevention Act that Makes SOPA Look Reasonable LOCAL   Three killed as Syrian shell strikes Turkish town Tunisians took to the streets by the hundreds, protesting the treatment of a woman who was allegedly raped by police officers  and then charged with public indecency What happened when British politicians took a maths exam Mortar from Syria kills at least 3 in Turkey Africans have flocked to Europe for years, in search of a better life and to make money they could send back home. Now, as Europe's economy struggles, many Africans are ready to pack up and head back home, where the economy is better. Radical Islamists execute man before crowd of 600 in northern Mali in latest punishment 25 killed in attack at Nigerian college dormitory The attackers called out victims' names and then killed them, a police official says of the assault in Mubi, Nigeria. Ferry crash response revives distrust between Hong Kong and mainland China  A ferry crash in Hong Kong has turned into a political match between the city and Mainland China.
 US grants Taiwan visawaiver status  Taiwanese nationals will not need a visa to enter the United States starting November 1 Hamas accused of routine torture of detainees in Gaza Strip Does the World Need Iran's Oil? Apparently Not Hezbollah military commander 'killed in Syria' Iranian Police Clash With Protesters Over Currency Plunge Mentally ill patients in Ghana chained up for months at prayer camps Report Spike in Police Officer Deaths Alarms So Paulo New Philippine cyber law could numb the Net BBC News  Turkey's parliament authorises military action in Syria Two Coptic children arrested in Egypt for 'insulting Islam' Foreign donors have spent tens of millions of dollars building hospitals in Afghanistan that have never seen a patient. Land acquired over past decade could have produced food for a billion people Oxfam calls on World Bank to stop backing foreign investors who acquire land for biofuels that could produce food
 34 Syrian soldiers killed in Turkish offensive Badly disabled woman told she's fit to work. Turkey govt says Syria crisis is threat to its security, seeks parliament approval for military operations outside its borders The last native speaker of the Cromarty fisherfolk dialect has died  retired engineer Bobby Hogg, 92, was the last person who was still fluent in the dialect used in parts of the Black Isle, near Inverness. Arctic Melt Were worried. This is our home and these waters are our fields where we harvest our food. This isnt just a staging area for Shell, this is our home, and it is all about to change. Morocco using warships to block abortion vessel German customs seize Stradivarius violin, demand $1.5 million Lethbridge police (Alberta, Canada) raid man's house finding a record haul of...daisy flower plants...  Saudi Arabia to curb powers of religious police The head of Saudi Arabia's notorious religious police has told the media he will curb his force's powers in a bid to clamp down on excesses. Rupert Murdoch faces shareholder revolt at News Corp annual meeting Gaza flotilla sponsor blames Jews for Holocaust on Twitter  'Scareware' trickster fined $163m by authorities Egyptian woman runs for chairmanship of Muslim Brotherhoods political wing  RT  
Airline tickets are plunging in Japan, as Japanese embrace quick weekend flights to visit friends & family. 3 new efficient lowcost carriers have seen growth this year. Russia accuses alQaida of 'forest jihad' in Europe.  Forest fires in EU countries should be considered part of alQaida's new strategy, says Russia's top security official India's improbably champion for affordable feminine hygeine Why the US demonises Venezuela's democracy
 Iran's currency plunges 40 percent, riot police called out  Turkey strikes targets in Syria in retaliation for shelling deaths  CNN.com Nigeria Muslims massacre up to 30 Christian students  BBC News  Turkey's parliament authorises military action in Syria Canadian government fires all nonChristian Chaplains in federal prisons 42 year old Alberta man dismissed of drug charges 1,600 seized pot plants turn out to be daisies. An 11yearold Russian boy discovers a 30,000year
old woolly mammoth carcass French bees make green and blue honey after M&Ms feast  Death penalty for family members in India 'honour killing'  5 members of a family in Delhi, have been sentenced to death for the brutal murder of a young couple.  The young lovers were brutally beaten up, tortured and electrocuted in Asha's uncle's home. A mass grave has been found near the Polish village of Dworzysko   It's suspected the victims, shot in the back of the head, were members of the National Armed Forces, a Polish group that resisted communist rule from the end of WWII until 1956. President issues 'state apology' in Tunisia after police rape women and charge her with indecency Canada poised to claim ownership of vast underwater territory bigger than Quebec How Politics Nuked Irans Economy some pundits are wondering whether inflation will spell the end of the regime. Stay classy Paris luxury hotel owner says Chinese tourists not welcome Ukrainian Bill Banning Promotion of Homosexuality Passes First Reading, with 289 Votes (out of 350 Present) Honduras plan to create for profit cities run by multinational corporations ruled unconstitutional Two Eritrean Air Force pilots defect to Saudi Arabia  in the President of Eritrea's plane. [Article in French] Tunisia president offers 'state apology' to rape woman. There is no more tolerance, neither for rapists, nor for those who want to hide the truth 


 The world's most luxurious designer brands are abandoning Argentina rather than comply with tight new government economic restrictions, leaving empty shelves and storefronts along the capital's elegant Alvear Avenue. Turkey issues new warnings to Syria. Erdogan says Turkey 'not far from war'  Five suspected terrorists  including radical cleric Abu Hamza alMasri  will be extradited to the US to face trial, UK High Court judges rule. An Idealist on Death Row  Why the desperate fate of a littleknown Sudanese human rights activists poses some fundamental questions about what it means to be human. Queensland wants federal laws to help find trolls
  It's s flagged a major shakeup of media & privacy laws with a call for tougher federal laws to help identify social media trolls A bizarre dinosaur described as a cross between a bird, a vampire and a porcupine has been identified from fossils in South Africa. Is the U.S. Admitting Defeat in Afghanistan?
The law of diminishing returns  and rising costs  appears likely to bring Western troops home from Afghanistan even as the Taliban insurgency rages Hackers hit 5 Japan colleges / Todai, Kyoto U. among victims of worldwide attack that stole info Jihadis in Syria The Cracks Start to Show World food prices rise, stay close to crisis levels UN | Business Recorder Iraq 2002, Iran 2012 Compare and contrast Netanyahu's speeches The Reality of AntiBlasphemy Laws  Antiblasphemy laws inevitably lead to the arrest and persecution of religious minorities, including children, in order to 'protect sensibilities' of religious majorities. Such laws are about authority and control, not respect  When gender equality really hurts. Women in Europe facing large increase in car insurance premiums due to EU ruling to end discrimination. (Young males to see their premiums fall) People with HIV no longer need to disclose their infection to sexual partners in Canada (if low risk, on retro viral drugs, and wearing condom). South African mine union leader shot execution style; death toll in Platinum Belt rises to 49; 75,000 mine workers striking The 100 richest people on Earth gained a combined $26.9 billion this week as an unexpected drop in the American unemployment rate bolstered confidence in the worlds largest economy N. Korean soldier defects to S. Korea via heavily armed border Israeli Air Force shoots down small, unmanned aircraft over its airspace. BBC News  Turkey returns fire 'after fresh Syria shelling' Pirate Bay Founder Wins Back Passport from Swedish Embassy  TorrentFreak North Korean soldier kills two of his officers Saturday and defected to South Korea  Prepare for war with Syria if you want to have peace, says Turkish PM after another shelling.  India  Two women working for Rs. 15 (30 cents) a month for 42 years S Korean Villagers Panicked by Toxic Leak   Those in nearby village also demanding to be evacuated.  5 killed &  over  600 treated after hydrofluoric acid leak at a Gumi chemical factory. 100s suffering nausea, chest pain, rashes, sore eyes & throats, bloody saliva. Turkish PM warns that his country is not far from war with Syria. The pope's butler was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Saturday [6 October 2012] after being convicted of stealing the pope's private documents and leaking them to a journalist. ShariaMedicine Egyptian Clinic Treats People with Camel Urine Per Prophet's Advice 'Too easy' Exdrone operator on watching civilians die Imran Khan leads US drone protest in Pakistan Spanish police arrest man with 140kg of explosives after he boasted of doing a Columbine massacre of university students Italian politician 'slashes tyres of disabled man'   Turkey returns fire after new Syria shelling Foxconn denies China iPhone plant hit by strike Malis heritage Scrolls under threat  Islamist zealots are endangering Malis most treasured manuscripts  N. Korean soldier defects to S. Korea via heavily armed border  EU Parliament to back jail sentences for Libor cheats Lunch Lady In Sweden told to stop making fresh bread and varied vegetables.  Its not fair to kids in other schools.  S.Korea announces US deal allowing it to have missiles capable of hitting all of NKorea German Government on Fracking In summary, we conclude that a great deal of the fundamental information needed to make a valid assessment of these risks is still missing. Women in northern Mali hold protest against Islamist in charge of veil requirement North Korean soldier kills two superior officers and defects to South. In goodwill gesture, Iran shifts uranium to fuel stock Ancient Civilization Collapsed due to Climate Change Marseille police unit closed due to rampant corruption 'Twelve police officers in France's crimeridden Marseille appeared in court on suspicion of corruption, extortion and drug dealing, with a prosecutor claiming there was overwhelming proof of guilt.' Iran Urges Israel to Join NPT | Defense | RIA Novosti Glimpses of North Korean life exposed by AP photographer. Pakistani cricketerturnedpolitician Imran Khan has led Western activists and thousands of supporters on a defiant march to the tribal belt to protest against US drone strikes. Cheering crowds lined the road on Saturday to greet Khan, scattering rose petals. France Invests 50 Million Euros in Electromobility  New 50 million euro investment program to support electric vehicles & charging infrastructure launched.  Maximum bonus on electric vehicles will increase from 5,0007,000 in 2013 & the bonus for hybrid vehicles will double to 4,000.
 Beijing authorities have completed a network of monitors that will more accurately measure air quality in the pollutionridden city after being pushed into it by public pressure and reports from the U.S. embassy Switzerland Hand Grenades Sent To UAE Ended Up In Syria  Switzerland set up commission to investigate... after a newspaper published a photo indicating a Swissmade grenade was found with Syrian rebels. Pirate Bay cofounder has his Swedish passport restored Fredrik Neij's passport had been revoked, he will now be free to travel China's 'New Left' Grows Louder  WSJ.com Turkey retaliates at Syria for a fifth day  Police massacre case turns back tide of injustice in Brazil Nineteen sharecroppers demanding land were gunned down by police in 1996. In a stunning result, two top officers involved have been imprisoned, signaling a shift from impunity to accountability.  Chavez seeks another sixyear term after 13 years as Venezuelan president
 Africa's mineral wealth hardly denting poverty levels, says World Bank  
Report finds discovery of oil & mineral resources doing little to improve prospects for poor people, whose lot may even worsen. UK mobile company Vodafone increases prices for second time on 'fixed' contracts  provokes customer outrage Somalia's first female police cadets in 20 years Europes Richer Regions Want Out Angry at having to finance their poorer neighbors, some richer regions, including Catalonia and Scotland, are calling for independence Prime Minister David Cameron has said he would veto a new European Union budget if necessary Ahmadinejad 'You can't rule with war' 
How the banking crash sparked a credit union boom People are turning away from casino finance and towards a more democratic system that isn't just about moneymaking
 No Arab national wants to ask What was the real cost for not recognizing Israel in 1948 and why didnt the Arab states spend their assets on education, health care and the infrastructures instead of wars?  USA declares Chinese companies a security threat  Ancient Buddhist City Will Be Destroyed in December Girl has stomach removed after consuming a cocktail containing liquid nitrogen. Julian Assange to sue Australian PM Julia Gillard for defamation over WikiLeaks comments Julian Assange supporters ordered to forfeit 93,500 bail money Venezuela Electoral Council Says Hugo Chavez Wins Presidential Vote  ABC News Cisco Systems Inc. has ended a longstanding sales partnership with ZTE Corp after an internal investigation into allegations that the Chinese telecommunications equipment maker sold Cisco networking gear to Iran. Three men, including a bank's Chief Executive, appeared in Irish court today to face charges relating to the 2008 banking crisis. Their bank has been bailed out so far by the state with 30 Billion Euro since 2009. These are the first people to be charged in relation to the current banking crisis. Did a French Spy Kill Gaddafi? Stem Cell Researchers Gurdon and Yamanaka win Nobel Prize for Medicine Chavez wins the Venezuelan election. Drone shot down by Israel appears Iranianmade headed for Dimona reactor Most African countries to be middle income by 2025 Iraq executes 11 convicted of terrorism Einstein letter dismissing idea of God to be sold on ebay. Four Nigerian students wrongly tortured in public and killed for crimes they didn't commit. Australia's Great Barrier Reef has lost more than half of its coral since 1985.  Nearly half of that destruction is linked to a single species of starfish. Teacher tried to dissuade Nobel winner from science  Daredevil Austrian Felix Baumgartner will attempt a freefall from the edge of Space on Tuesday.  If he succeeds he will break the sound barrier, if he fails his skin will boil. Kids killed by Taliban after Afghan cop refuses to quit 'Loud thumping' heard at volcano British PM David Cameron joins Twitter, draws immediate heavy fire Cristina Kirchner is facing revolt over an ailing Argentine economy, as her approval rating hits a record low and aides admit she is using the Falkland Islands as a smokescreen to mask domestic failings.  14yearold Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai has been shot; she had been on a Taliban 'hit list' since March after giving her diary to the BBC in the wake of women being forbidden an education in her town Jewish settlers attack undercover police officers posing as Palestinian shepherds  Mexican navy says Zetas cartel founder Heriberto Lazcano apparently killed in confrontation Officer who killed Brazilian student  with taser says he likely would've used the weapon even if he'd known the male had only stolen biscuits  He died after 11 officers  tasered him 14 times,  handcuffed him, used capsicum spray, & used a baton to fight his superhuman strength. The Guardian Greek antifascist protesters 'tortured by police' Quantum particle work wins Nobel for French, U.S. scientists  A French and an American scientist won the Nobel Prize on Tuesday for finding ways to measure quantum particles without destroying them, which could make it possible to build a new kind of computer far more powerful than any seen before. South African president Jacob Zuma uses $30million of taxpayer money to 'upgrade' personal home 'Saudi weapons' intended for the Saudi military seen at Syria rebel base Putting Profits Before Nutrition 
The Dark Side of the School Meals Business  
Experts now believe that frozen strawberries from China are behind a massive outbreak of the norovirus that recently affected thousands of schoolchildren in eastern Germany.  Rage erupts in Guatemala after police kill 6 protesters North Korea Says Its Rockets Can Hit U.S. Mainland Z3, the leader of Los Zetas one of Mexico's most violent cartels has been reported dead in a clash with Mexican Marines.  Egypt rights activists seeing hopes dissolve  Women and minorities had wanted guarantees of equal rights, but that goal seems out of reach now that control of Egypt has shifted to an Islamist president. Mexico Navy confirms death of Zetas leader Lazcano. BBC News has uncovered evidence that weapons intended for the Saudi military have been diverted to Syrian rebels. 4,000 tons of shells explode in Central Russia, leave mushroom cloudlike plume of smoke (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Turkey shells Syria for sixth day  Turkey has hit Syrian military positions for the sixth day in a row after a shell fired by the neighbouring country landed across the border.  Braineating amoeba kills at least 10 in Karachi Pakistan's most populous city hit by Naegleria fowleri, which is transmitted by contaminated water entering the nose
 Japanbased internet users who download copyright infringing files face up to two years in prison or fines of up to two million yen ($25,700; 15,900) after a change to the law. Hugo Chvez wins again in Venezuela Spin doctors have constructed a macabre operation that violates his privacy and human decency by telling  that his death was imminent. But he's in complete condition to carry out the presidency Peaceprize winning Pakistani girl on Taliban hit list fights for life after shooting Afghan woman helps addicts by running daring new restaurant in Kabul Actually, There Is No Hyperinflation In Iran Turkey sends fighter jets to Syrian border Turkish President Abdullah Gul said on Monday the worstcase scenarios were now playing out in Syria and Turkey would do everything necessary to protect itself, as its army fired back for a sixth day after a shell from Syria flew over the border. Scotland will hold a vote in 2014 on independence in what could result in the eventual breakup of Britain Latin America is taking the lead on ending the war on drugs. Will the U.S. follow? Many mentally ill in Ghana being treated by Christian organization who will only use prayer, herbs and mandatory fasting for as long as 12 hours a day for up to 40 days, human rights group warns. A British WWII soldier was taken prisoner by the Japanese, forced to build the Burma Railway (the Death Railway), and tortured for making a radio receiver out of spare parts.  He later tracked down one of his torturers and forgave him in 1993, becoming friends.  He died at 93. Raped pupil expelled for 'tarnishing school's image'  An Indonesian school has expelled a 14yearold girl, claiming she tarnished the institution's image after she was raped by a trafficking syndicate, a child rights activist said  And the Worlds Most Educated Countries Are... Trial over girls gangraped by youths shocks France and sparks justice system row Stonehenge Laser Survey Reveals Carved Images, Now Invisible to the Naked Eye  Shows crust was removed from key stones, so they glistened at winter & summer solstices  We've recorded & scrutinized every cm2 in unparalleled detail, revealing  rock art, graffiti, damage, & restoration.  Frenchwoman gets phone bill for 11,721,000,000,000,000 euros Pakistan Taliban causes revulsion by shooting girl who spoke out. Attempt to kill activist Malala Yousafzai, 14, could be 'watershed' moment that turns public tide against militants and extremism NATO Plans Ready to Defend Turkey  Most Dangerous Cities In The World Australian PM, Julia Gillard, tears into opposition leader over sexist remarks Rich or poor, depression is a growing global crisis  Depression could become the leading cause of disability worldwide. Africa can easily grow wheat to ease hunger, price shocks study  Malala Yousafzai Pakistan bullet surgery 'successful'. Surgeons say they have successfully removed a bullet from the campaigning 14yearold schoolgirl shot by Taliban gunmen in Pakistan's Swat Valley Outcry over Pakistan attack on activist Malala Yousafza, 14 Toyota to recall 7.4 million cars Felix Baumgartner's skydive is postponed Tunisia children's magazine prints petrol bomb guide Mexico confirms death of feared Zetas cartel leader Why Chvez Was Reelected
 Iraq buys $4.2 billion in Russian weapons. Canadian psychiatrist 'Dr Shock', accused of human rights abuses in apartheidera South Africa, charged with sexually assaulting male patients. More than 150 fishermen and indigenous natives occupied controversial Amazon dam, claiming the project will do irreparable damage to the Amazon ecosystem and their way of life, while environmentalists have warned of deforestation, greenhouse gas emissions and irreparable damage to the ecosystem. A group of 23 impoverished west African fishing communities has driven off a fleet of illegal, unreported & unregulated pirate trawlers by filming & reporting them when they are found in their waters.  9 of the 10 ships identified  were found to have licences to export catches to Europe. Eagle Dad and children rescued from Mt. Fuji after ascending with only water and a chocolate bar thinking there would be steps up the mountain and shops along the way. Pakistan Erupts in Anger Over Talibans Shooting of Schoolgirl Masked gunmen kill U.S. embassy employee in Yemen Russia says it will not renew arms agreement with U.S. Dalai Lama warns not to generalize Islam as a negative force and called on believers of different faiths to reach out to one another Taliban says they will try to kill injured schoolgirl who defied them  IMF We got it wrong on austerity and made things worse  Megaupload Wants Charges Dropped, Points Out Judge Failure Manchester man jailed over antipolice Tshirt worn after police killings Brazilian elderly woman dies after accidentally injected with soup at hospital. Foxconn under fire again after requesting premature discharge of braindamaged factory worker from hospital due to cost Romney's China Policy Bad  US presidential candidate sparking fears his policy may  trigger trade war while being unenforceable.  He's pledging, on his 1st day, to designate China a currency manipulator, a step no administration has taken against any country for 18 years. Governor of Bank of Greece given a severance payment of 3.4 million from bank he now regulates Unemployment in Greece hit a record high of 25.1 percent. Indications are that unemployment in Greece will be heading higher for some to come. Syrian plane suspected of carrying arms forced to land in Ankara Toronto mother of six drowned in her own blood after throat slit in alleged honour killing, court hears President Barack Obama signs order implementing new Iran sanctions  France's Hollande promises pupils no more homework  Mali Islamists uying child soldiers, imposing Sharia' Islamists who seized control of part of Mali are amassing money from ransoms and drug trafficking while imposing Sharia law, says a senior UN official. They are also buying child soldiers, paying families $600 (375) per child. People are beaten in Xi'an for the offense of driving Japanese cars What Chinas slowdown means. China is slowing down, dramatically. If it continues, it will have a profound impact on the rest of the world.  Chinese billionaire buys 43 new cars for owners of damaged Japanese cars damaged during protests all Chinese brands Taliban vows to target girl again 
Rising food prices are climate change's first tangible bite into UK lives

The UK's dreadful harvest from a sodden summer is a warning that the impact of global warming is getting close to home
 Italian church to be stripped of tax exemption from 2013 The extra revenue from these exempt properties  including hotels, restaurants and sports centres  could be 25.5m a year in Rome alone Spot where Julius Caesar was stabbed discovered Weeks after posting a haunting Youtube video on her years of torment at classmates hands, 15yearold B.C. girl commits suicide. The European Union wins the Nobel Peace Prize 2012 (google translate article). In Haiti, Little Can Be Found of a HipHop Artists Charity   The charity created by Wyclef Jean, the Haitianborn hiphop celebrity, effectively went out of business last month, leaving a trail of debts, unfinished projects and broken promises. UN Human rights activists beaten, raped in Iran Prince of Sealand dies aged 91 China's official Womens Federation Pretty girls dont need a lot of education to marry into a rich and powerful family, but girls with an average or ugly appearance will find it difficult. ... by the time they get their M.A. or Ph.D., they are already old, like yellowed pearls. What it means to be 'living under drones'  latimes.com Pakistan Arrests Three Men In Taliban Shooting Of 15
YearOld Girl Koranburning pastor Terry Jones barred from Canada for antiMuslim film debate Golden Dawn Incident At Theater in Athens  Business Insider Fear grows as Mali extremists compile list of unwed mothers Botswana court rules in favor of gender equality  Botswana's courts nullify a customary law that denied women the right to inherit a family home, a decision seen as a crucial step forward for women's rights in the southern African country. BBC News  France 'uncovers biggest bomb plot in years' Nina was brutalised by her rapists, and then French justice assaulted her again A story to celebrate on the International Day of the Girl Child  

Rekha Kalindi refused to enter a child marriage at age 12 and insisted on staying in school. Her stand is helping change attitudes in part of rural India. US corn ethanol cost poor nations $6.6 billion  The paper calculates that, from 2006 to 2011, ethanolrelated corn price increases cost all cornimporting countries $11.6 billion. Developing nations bore around 57 percent of the burden Turkey scrambles fighter planes to Syria border Hezbollah says it launched drone over Israel and that it was shot down as it flew over suspected Israeli nuclear site. Nigerian farmers sue Shell in Dutch court over oil cleanup  Landmark case against overseas oil giant could set precedent Hezbollah Promises Drone Invasions Will Become A Way Of Life For Israel Nobel's will latantly disrespected' in Norway Seven British soldiers arrested in murder probe French fishermen clash with 'scalloppillaging' Brits A pharmaceutical giant has withdrawn an existing treatment for MS, and rebranded it. It now sells at twenty times the original price. Mysterious elkshaped structure discovered in Russia. Huge geoglyph may predate Peru's famous Nazca Lines by thousands of years. Egypt's liberals and Islamists clash on Tahrir Square, 110 reported injured
| Reuters Canadas $1.5B Afghanistan aid effort divorced from reality, according to damning, previously unreleased documents  'All the projects have failed. None of them have been successful,' said Nipa Banerjee, who headed CIDAs Afghanistan operation from 2003 to 2006  Iran says it would halt highgrade uranium enrichment if given fuel for a research reactor
| Reuters No blasphemy clause in new Tunisia constitution Islamistproposed blasphemy clause will not be included in the new Tunisian constitution, National Constituent Assembly speaker Mustapha Ben Jaafar reveals  A shadowy jihadi group believed to be linked to al Qaeda fought alongside rebels who seized a government missile defense base in Syria on Friday, activists said, heightening fears that extremists are taking advantage of the chaos to acquire advanced weapons. Russia says the Syriabound plane intercepted by Turkey was carrying a legal cargo of radar parts  not weapons for the Syrian war effort.  Greece's biggest company is leaving the country, drinks bottler Coca Cola Hellenic (CCH) said on Thursday in announcing it will move to Switzerland and list its shares in London, dealing a blow to the debtcrippled Greek economy. Tibetan Man Sets Himself on Fire to Protest China  An overseas human rights group says the grandfather of a revered Tibetan Buddhist figure has died after setting himself on fire in protest of Chinese rule. It is the latest of dozens of selfimmolations by Tibetans since 2009 Iran not to invade any country, but to encounter aggression Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Friday that based on Islamic principles, Iran has no aggressive intents but will never back down in face of any aggression One Child, One Laptop ... And Mixed Results In Peru   16 year old boy in Mexico shot by US border agent. Turkey condemns U.N. inertia as Syrian conflict deepens  Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan rebuked the U.N. Security Council for inaction over Syria on Saturday as war intensified across the country, saying the world body of superpowers was repeating mistakes that led to massacres in Bosnia BBC News  Cuban missile crisis The other, secret one Marseille police crime, corruption and coverup at the highest level  Botswana court allows women to inherit  In a landmark ruling Botswana's High Court has overturned a customary law which prevents women from inheriting the family home. A Point Of View Making sense of China. For more than 2,000 years, it was not a nationstate but a civilisationstate Tepco admits Fukushima nuclear disaster avoidable India's sex slaves face lifelong cycle of abuse 87 soldiers die in Syrian army's highest toll NGO United Nations starts crusade to stop little girls from becoming brides  Anglican Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Thursday that he is as committed to abolishing child marriage worldwide as he was to fighting apartheid in South Africa.  Finland Israel warns of action against Gaza ship China, Japan Signal Support for Europe Rescue Fund as IMF Meets What You Can Do to Help Girls Like Malala Yousafzai  Thousands rally for Pakistani girl shot by Taliban  ISLAMABAD  Tens of thousands have rallied in Pakistan's largest city in support of a 14yearold girl shot and critically wounded by the Taliban for promoting girls' education and criticizing the militant group. Iraq records huge rise in birth defects, New study links increase with military action by Western forces

 Mauritania's president shot by his nation's troops  CNN.com British producer faces 2 years in prison for play about gay challenges in Uganda  China now eats twice as much meat as the United States and must rein in its appetite or face a food crisis, one of the country's leading farm experts has warned.  Swedish lunch lady gets to continue baking her own bread! The whole drama was a misunderstanding. Brazil forces set for Rio slum onslaught  More than 1,000 police and soldiers brace for militarystyle assault on drug traffickers in four of the city's favelas. UN warns of looming worldwide food crisis in 2013 Pussy Riot members face tough life in penal colony Malala Yousafzai is now face of global girls education movement  Russian activists slam rainbow adorned milk carton  'gay milk propaganda' Mexico's drug cartels target journalists in brutal killing spree   He shakes as he speaks &  his eyes fill. Its certain the people who killed my colleague were criminals. The killing had the modus operandi of organised crime. But who sent them & why? Thats the question, thats the smokescreen. Gunmen kill 20 at mosque in northern Nigeria The Wests Stalwart Ally in the War on Drugs Iran 
(Yes, That Iran) Israel kills Qaedatied leader of Gaza militant group
 In Spain, separatist fever rises in time of crisis Gunmen kill 20 at mosque in northern Nigeria  KADUNA (Reuters)  Gunmen opened fire on Muslim worshippers as they were leaving a mosque in northern Nigeria on Sunday, killing at least 20 people, a local official said. North Korea's progress seems to be more style than substance Despite new construction, fashions and items to buy, 'Day to day, our life is actually harder,' says one North Korean, who struggles to get enough to eat. Mali rebels threaten France over intervention AlQaedalinked fighters say they will open the doors of hell if France keeps pushing for armed intervention in Mali. Stop Trade in Bear Bile  Rescued bear cubs now poster children to end barbaric practice of regularly milking bile from bears.  Over 10,000 bears are kept on bile farms in China & around 2,400 in Vietnam.  China Exports Exceed Estimates, Shipments Increased 9.9 Percent President of Mauritania accidentally shot in the neck   Syria despatch rebel fighters fear the growing influence of their 'Bin Laden' faction. Imran Khan says Taliban's 'holy war' in Afghanistan is justified by Islamic law. Pakistani politician's comments at hospital that treated shooting victim Malala Yousafzai outrage Afghanistan's government BBC News  Brazil drugs raids Police surge into north Rio slums The shadow of ACTA is back in Europe, disguised as CETA (CanadaEuropean Union and Trade Agreement) A comparison of the leaked draft CETA shows it includes a number of the same controversial provisions, specifically concerning criminal enforcement, private enforcement by ISPs, and harsh damages. Controversial US businessman dumped 100 tonnes of iron sulphate off Canadian coast in world's largest ever geoengineering experiment, in what lawyers are calling a blatant violation of international bans Muslims protest 'age of mockery' as thousands 
descend on Google HQ  Telegraph Slavery's last stronghold Skydiver Felix Baumgartner lands highest ever jump Over 100 militants attack Pakistani police station killing six policemen. Two of the killed policemen were beheaded Pakistani teen activist on way to Britain to recover from shooting by Taliban  Student rejected from entry into medicine, pretends to be medical student for 2 years going to classes, labs, tutorials Gurkha ignores knife wound to trap his mugger for 15 minutes while blade was stuck in his arm
 Fukushima disaster could have been avoided, nuclear plant operator admits Panama leader tells Germany he wants to adopt euro  BERLIN (Reuters)  Panama would like to introduce the euro as legal tender alongside the U.S. dollar, President Ricardo Martinelli told German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday during a visit to Europe Malaysian transsexuals lose case against Islamic law that states men cannot wear women's clothes Austerityweary Lithuania elects new leftwing govt Using Illegal Drugs Is Like Gambling Or Eating Junk Food, Says UK Drug Policy Commission Turkey bans all Syrian aircraft from entering its airspace. Iran acknowledges arming Hizbollah with drone Wildlife experts say the number of tigers in Asia has fallen sharply in recent years due to habitat loss and poaching. Skins and body parts are sold to medicinal and souvenir markets, mainly in China. Food Prices Bread, coffee & fresh fruit have become a bit of a luxury  
Affordability is now the key factor for grocery shoppers, with ethical considerations least important Flemish separatists score wins in Belgian local election  BRUSSELS (Reuters)  A party that wants to split Belgium scored major victories in municipal elections on Sunday and its leader was set to become mayor of the country's second city, raising the pressure on a fragmented national government. 'Guinea worm' close to extinction Germans face hefty bill to end nuclear power  But only 18 months into the plan, the cost of the switchover is beginning to sink in. Some politicians, fearful of losing popular support for the transition, are demanding an overhaul of the mechanism to pay for it. Referendum in Place for Scottish Independence Scotland moves step closer to independence vote Lithuanians ditch government in verdict on austerity  VILNIUS (Reuters)  Lithuania's opposition prepared to take power on Monday after voters rejected the austerityminded government, a foretaste of what may await other European leaders forced to make unpopular cuts by the financial crisis. Prehistoric man ate panda, claims scientist. Excavated panda fossils show early humans used the bears as food in what is now southwest China, says Chinese scientist British computer hacker Gary McKinnon will not be extradited to the US For eight months, starting last November, he was the prime minister of his native country, Somalia, one of the most chaotic nations on earth. And then, as suddenly as he had left, he was back in his cubicle at the Transportation Department in Buffalo, NY 
Starbucks paid no tax on UK earnings in the past three years The coffee chain company has used legal taxavoidance tactics to pay as little as possible, paying 8.6m in taxes on a reported 3bn in UK sales since 1998, and nothing in the past three years. Is this OK?
 Indian baby suffers horrendous burns in shocking dowry dispute  An Indian woman has died and her 13monthold daughter suffered horrendous burns after her husband and fatherinlaw set them on fire as they slept, in a dispute over a dowry payment.  The Jewish majority is history
The government's acknowledgement that Jews are a minority in this land means one thing only Apartheid is here. In other words, in the territory under Israel's jurisdiction a situation of apartheid exists. A Jewish minority rules over an Arab majority. West's free speech stand bars blasphemy ban  OIC  ISTANBUL, Oct 15 (Reuters)  Western opposition has made it impossible for Muslim states to obtain a ban on blasphemy, including antiIslamic videos and cartoons that have touched off deadly riots, the Islamic world's top diplomat said. Mali Girl in Timbuktu whipped for speaking to men  BAMAKO, Mali (AP)  A teenaged girl received 60 lashes in Timbuktu after Islamist extremists convicted her of speaking to men on the street. STRATFOR Egypt Is Prepared To Bomb All Of Ethiopia's Nile Dams Cardboard bike is a 'game changer in Africa  Telegraph 1,400 evacuated in Germany after Kraft Foods leak  Historically Neutral Swiss Prepare Army for European Economic Meltdown and Civic Unrest Israel urged to protect West Bank olive trees after settler attacks. More than 870 trees vandalised in first week of harvest this month, according to UN GuineaBissau How Cocaine Transformed a Tiny African Nation Doctors and Nurses Forced to Pick Cotton in Uzbekistan  Russia's Medvedev calls for ban of tobacco ads
 Syria Rebels losing support in Aleppo. As the conflict deteriorates, many residents are losing patience with an increasingly violent and unrecognizable opposition. The European Union has banned imports of natural gas from Iran. British computer hacker Gary McKinnon will not be extradited to the US, Home Secretary Theresa May has announced. Girl Shot by Taliban Arrives in Britain For Treatment  NYTimes.com Western spies get discreetly involved in Syria I didn't even know this was feasible. Ghana seizes Argentinian war ship due to a court order from a hedge fund stating that Argentina still owes money from defaulted loans.  Cuba Scraps Exit Visa Requirement  HAVANA (AP)  The Cuban government announced Tuesday that it will no longer require islanders to apply for an exit visa, eliminating a muchloathed bureaucratic procedure that has been a major impediment for many seeking to travel overseas. When the Arab Jews Fled  WSJ.com Nigel Farage and the Euro The idea that we should take all these different countries in Europe, force them together against their democratic will, and put them under the control of people like Herman Van Rompuy is, frankly, beyond belief. These are very, very dangerous, bad people Chinese Navy Warships Pass Waters Near Okinawa Island Chinese companies will be able to sue Canada in secret for trying to protect the Canadian environment if FIPPA (CanadaChina Foreign Investment Promotion and Protection Act) passes! Afghan girl eheaded for refusing prostitution'. Afghan police have arrested four people who allegedly tried to force a woman into prostitution and beheaded her when she refused Gunmen kill polio vaccinator in Pakistan  
The vaccinator was shot dead, highlighting opposition to the  program.  The Taliban have banned immunizations, condemning the campaign as a cover for espionage since a Pakistani doctor  helped CIA track down Osama bin Laden using a vaccination program.
 Blind Man Tasered  UK Police Mistake Stick For Sword Stroke victim Colin Farmer, 61, was hit with a 50,000 volt Taser gun after police mistook his white stick for a samurai sword Taliban Demands Unbiased Coverage of Its Attempted Murder of a 14YearOld Girl North Korean leaders wife not seen in over 40 days. Not wearing Kim IlSung badge cited for disappearance. French President to attempt to ban homework. Rhino poaching hits record numbers in South Africa Evidence of mass murder after Gaddafi's death A Canadian border guard has been shot at the Peace Arch U.S.Canada crossing. Canadian government 'knew of plans to dump iron into the Pacific' Coffee giant Starbucks has reportedly only paid $14m in corporation tax in the UK since 1998, and nothing in the past three years, despite racking up sales of more than $4.8bn. Corruption Continues Virtually Unchecked in Greece  May says No to US over computer hacker  McKinnon extradition  
Shock decision hailed as significant milestone for those who have campaigned against Britains extradition agreement with the US. If a man is not an oligarch, something is not right with him. An excerpt from Plutocrats The Rise of the New Global SuperRich and the Fall of Everyone Else Scotland Yard bans visible tattoos on officers Death rate falls to lowest ever in England and Wales An interesting little experiment on sexual harassment here in Egypt Chinese public opinion growing increasingly hostile to the world, new survey shows. Europe Has Worst Grape Harvest in Half Century  
Drought, frost & hail ravaged  harvest, which is expected to slump by 20% compared 2011. Italy's grape crop dropped 7%.  The European wine harvest automatically has a global impact since it accounts for 62% of worldwide wine production. Iran upset over the European Union's decision to shut down all 19 Iranian satellite channels carried by Eutelsat, including Press TV Pope condemns Pussy Riot Horrific use of child soldiers rising in Colombia, report finds The Malala Yousafzai Saga Like Father, Like Daughter. As the world is astonished by the bravery of the young Pakistani girl, attention is being given to the man whose ambitions inspired her courage Theologists, Philosophers and Scientists to debate the origin of the universe at CERN 8,000yrold carvings in stone destroyed in Moroccos High Atlas Mountains by Salafists, Muslims who strictly prohibit idolatry  The carvings depicted the sun as a divinity. One of the carvings, called the plaque of the sun, predates the arrival of the Phoenicians in Morocco.  Apple loses tablet copyright appeal against Samsung
| Reuters British couple who spent most of the money they made from canabis growing on paying for life changing operations and schooling for people in a poor Kenyan village gets sent to prison for 3 years. Taliban thinks the media is biased because everyone is angry at them for trying to kill a 14 years old girl The BBC is facing deliberate jamming of its transmissions to audiences in Europe and the Middle East.  Protests As Ireland's 1st Abortion Clinic Opens 
Egyptian teacher 'cut hair of schoolgirls who refused to cover heads' Teacher in Luxor province accused of punishing two pupils for not wearing Muslim headscarf
 Twitter Shuts Out German NeoNazi Groups Account BBC News  Are Greek police 'colluding' with farright Golden Dawn? Teenage girl gangraped, set on fire in Bengal A firsttime treasure hunter finds one of the largest Roman gold coin hoards ever discovered in the UK  thought to be worth 100,000 
Britains HighTech Thought Police Authorities target bloggers, tweeters, and tshirt wearers for speech crimes  Barry Thew was sentenced to 8 months in jail for wearing a tshirt that said, One less pig  perfect justice, a few hours after two police officers were shot dead Turkish pianist on trial for insulting Islam Bank of England's Deputy governor says that the Worst may still be ahead for banking and that Banks must be able to fail in an orderly way, without taxpayer support. Days after police stormed one of Rio de Janeiro's most dangerous shantytowns, city health and welfare workers are working to ease the despair and devastation left behind among hundreds of crack cocaine addicts suddenly without drugs. Belfast judge Gay, unmarried couples can adopt BBC Nature  In pictures Wildlife Photographer of the Year winners Pakistan's aggressive polio vaccination program has cut cases of polio to 1/3 of the 198 reported last year. However, 75 percent of Pakistan's polio cases can be traced back to certain areas controlled by the Taliban.  Farmer in India named worlds oldest new dad at age 96   Hungary farright marches to denounce Roma. Texas man with Iranian passport pleads guilty in plot to kill Saudi ambassador At least 28,000 Syrians 'forcibly disappeared'  Cellphone video recorded earlier this year at an operations center of a U.S. defense contractor in Kabul, Afghanistan appears to show key personnel staggeringly drunk or high on narcotics, in what former employees say was a pattern of outrageous behavior Greece, Spain 'in depression' Nobel winner Stiglitz  Big Highways for China's Small Villages   China is on an infrastructure tear, investing hundreds of billions of dollars. 30,000 miles of expressway were paved in the 10 yrs before 2008, with  highways stretching 53,000 miles by 2020  surpassing the 47,000 miles of interstate currently in the U.S.  Shot Pakistani schoolgirl can stand, communicate  WWII veteran 'took a bullet in the kneeut doesn't like to make a fuss about it.  After he is cremated, this... Saudi Arabia reveals plans to be powered entirely by renewable energy Disturbing Video Shows U.S. Defense Contractors Drunk and on Drugs in Afghanistan Toronto man tries to spread HIV to as many men as he can Who Smokes Most A surprising map of smoking rates by country Explosion rocks centre of Lebanese capital Beirut 8 girls charged in Canada in bullying case Australia to become new member of the UN Security Council Kim Jong Il's Grandson Wants Change in North Korea (Interview in English) Malala Yousufzai stood for the first time after her 
shooting Friday morning and is communicating Pakistan court rules army must stop interfering in politics
| Reuters British Boy Scouts kick out 11 year old for being atheist There was no destruction of carvings in Morocco by Salafists, the news were false and unfounded. 
The reports that these stone carvings were damaged, as you can see, is not true, Communications Minister Mustapha Khalfi told journalists, on a government organised trip to the Yagour plateau. Greek poverty so bad families 'can no longer afford to bury their dead' MegaUpload Will Deflect Copyright Liability and Become RaidProof Kim Dotcom and business partner Mathias Ortmann say they have a plan that will not only make Mega raid proof, but will also give it an ironclad defense against copyright infringement claims Microsoft employees have donated over $1 Billion to non profits over the last 30 years  The Give Campaign UPDATE  Egyptian teacher fired for cutting the hair of girls who didn't wear headscarves Google's stock just dropped 10% after their current earnings were leaked New rules allow Cubans to freely leave the country. Will they return? N Korea threatens 'merciless' strike on South  World  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Opponents to Muslim headscarves get a powerful new ally Vladimir Putin Activists At least 28,000 Syrians 'forcibly disappeared'  Want To Move To A Small Town? A Manitoba Community Is Offering Lots For The Low, Low Price Of $10 Scientists turn fresh air into petrol Rowan Atkinson We must be allowed to insult each other  Rowan speaks out against strict censorship laws in the UK Hong Kong seizes more than 8,000 lbs. of ivory worth $26.7 million Supreme Court rules employees have right to privacy on work computersThe court said an individuals Internet browsing history alone is capable of exposing his or her most intimate likes, dislikes, activities and thoughts. Spain is considering a ban on photographing police officers Cuban leader Fidel Castro 'has suffered a massive stroke and has just weeks Only 17% of Russians Think U.S. Treats Russia With Respect Google To French Media We May Have To Cut You Off French Lawmakers are considering legislation that will force search engines to pay for sending French newspapers readers. Newspaper publishers pushing for the law, say it is unfair that Google receives advertising revenue from searches for news Kim Jong Ils grandson calls his uncle Kim Jong Eun a dictator Thailand warned their Facebook users not to like controversial photo of journalist stepping on a newspaper photo of Cambodian King Accused student prevails in first three strikes copyright case The New Zealand recording industry group RIANZ has dropped the one case that was actively being defended; RIANZ was asking for NZ$1075.50 for sharing 5 songs, plus NZ$1623.75 for legal costs and a deterrent American Entrepreneur Got Away With Dumping 100 Tons of Iron Dust in Pacific Ocean Off Canadian Coast, Outraging Scientists & Government OfficialsAll in the Name of Science Israel navy stops Gazabound boat No evidence found of Al Qaeda role in Libya attack  latimes.com Secular Egyptians protest Islamists role in drafting new constitution. Egyptian liberal and secular groups gathered Friday in Cairos Tahrir Square to protest what they say is the overreach of the countrys Islamists in drafting a new constitution Math teacher caught producing and trafficking  'daterape' drug. Police seized 250,000 $ worth. Austerity protesters march on London Firefighters, nurses and teachers marched alongside unemployed youngsters, antiwar activists and other campaigners today in a huge protest against the Govt's austerity measures. Karl Lagerfeld in hot water after calling French President Francois Hollande an idiot over his plans to impose huge taxes on the rich Rover spots shiny objects on mars Gazabound aid ship has come under attack in international water. On board five parliamentarians from Europe and a former Canadian politician... A man runs over 11 people in his van while on a rampage  Israeli navy takes control of Gaza boat TUNIS (Reuters)  Clashes between Islamists and secular opponents in the southern Tunisian town of Tataouine on Thursday left a secular politician dead Banana Boat recalls sunscreen after reports of people catching on fire  thestar.com Newlywed Afghan beheaded for her refusal to become prostitute Israeli Navy on Alert as Swedish Aid Ship Steams Toward Gaza Juan Cole Israeli Government Consciously Planned to Keep Palestinians on a Diet, Controlling Their Food Supply, Damning Document Reveals The Terrifying Rise of Greeces Nazi Party  They own the streets; is parliament next?
 Turkish schoolchildren in Istanbul received a series of books denouncing scientific figures, including one denying the theory of evolution and describing Charles Darwin as a bignosed Jew History of boarding school 'torture' uncovered in Switzerland  Thousands of children fell victim to violence and abuse in Catholic boarding schools in Switzerland up until the 1970s, according to a recent study decrying sadistic practices resembling torture. China is on course to becoming a superpower  but not in the way many expect, writes economist Martin Jacques. Police protection or citizen censorship? Spain to ban photos and videos of cops, just at a time when the streets are boiling. In wake of the Lance Armstrong scandal, donors to the Livestrong charity are demanding their money back French president demands probe after newborn dies en route to hospital No French person should be more than 30 minutes from emergency care, Hollande said Czech Pirate Libor Michlek wins first Senator's seat, Czech win International race to nationallevel legislatures US denies Iran nuclear talks New York Times report  A correspondent for France 24 TV was savagely attacked near Cairo's Tahrir Square after being seized by a crowd, the network said Saturday. It was the latest case of violence against women at the epicenter of Egypt's restive protests. France 24 TV says its Cairo correspondent was savagely attacked near restive Tahrir Square Qatar announces 157m plan to rebuild Gaza The Pakistani girl shot in the head by the Taliban for wanting an education is recovering. She can stand and write. EU drug demands would cost Canadians up to $2B a year federal research on freetrade talks with Europe (CETA). EU proposal would add an average life of 2.66 years to a typical drug patent, and increase Canadian drug costs by between $795 million and $1.95 billion annually Europe's leaders have agreed to start building a single banking union for the eurozone from the beginning of next year r/Tibet 56th Tibetan self immolator in Sangchu, Kanlho. Russian forces kill 49 militants in operation state agency
| Top News
| Reuters ChinaKorea Tensions Rise After Failed Venture  A Chinese mining conglomerate accuses the North Korean government of sabotaging its $40 million investment. Of the 37 most wanted criminals in Mexico, 16 were arrested and 9 killed in the past 3 years. A drug that could transform the lives of hundreds of people with cystic fibrosis is being blocked from use in England because of a battle over cost More celebrities to be investigated in ChildAbuse scandal Voters in Iceland back new constitution, more resource control  Protesters Try To Storm Lebanese Government HQ  NPR Seeking a better life and a future for their children, tens of thousands of Roma have come to Germany in recent years. They hope to escape the poverty and marginalization they experience in their home countries, but they remain outsiders in their new home too.  Soldier sacked by the army 72 hours before he gets his full pension Pussy Riot band members sent to remote prison camps. Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova to serve sentences in Russia's 'harshest prisons' in Perm and Mordovia. World's oldest survivor of Auschwitz dies at 108 Scientists await verdict in Italy quake trial  Seismologists face four years in jail if found guilty, in a case that has sparked outrage in the scientific community. Voters in Iceland back new constitution, more control of natural resources such as fish and geothermal energy.
 WWF brings Russian bison back  WWF brings Europes largest land mammal, nearly extinct, back to woodlands of North Caucasus. A Pakistani man who was acquitted of a blasphemy charge has been shot dead by two men in Punjab province IMF's epic plan to conjure away debt and dethrone bankers So there is a magic wand after all. A revolutionary paper by the IMF claims that one could eliminate the net public debt of the US at a stroke, and by implication do the same for Britain, Germany, Italy, or Japan Morocco denies destruction by Salafi Muslims of pagan rock carving Rhino slaughter in South Africa sets savage pace Poachers have killed 455 rhinos so far this year in South Africa  more than half in a single national park  topping last years mark of 448 Former banker Greg Smith says focus at bank [Goldmans] was to sell the most complex product to the least sophisticated investor. As world helps shot Pakistani girl, Afghans ask what about us? The global attention bestowed on a Pakistani schoolgirl shot by the Taliban has sparked outcry amongst many Afghans dismayed by what they say is the unequal response to the plight of their women and children Evidence of Viking Outpost Found in Canada   Digging in the ruins of a centuriesold building, archaeologists found some very intriguing whetstones. Wear grooves bear traces of copper alloys such as bronzematerials known to have been made by Viking metalsmiths but unknown among native inhabitants. Europe's lost generation costs 153bn a year, study finds EU agency estimates cost in state welfare and lost production of 14 million young adults not in employment, education or training BBC News  L'Aquila quake Italy scientists face trial verdict Large majority of Germans back govt's decision to phase out nuclear power   Germany's grid operators announced  that a surcharge on households' electricity prices financing the expansion of renewable energies will increase by 47% starting in January.  Northern Ghana has six witch camps that have been in existence for more than 100 years, accommodating 800 accused witches  almost all of them women. Iran's judiciary has blocked a request by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to visit Tehran's Evin prison, where a top presidential aide is being held Scientists link deep wells to deadly Spain quake
 Men accused of rucksack bomb plot. Three Birmingham men have gone on trial accused of planning a bomb campaign prosecutors say may have been bigger than the 7 July London attacks.  Okinawa legislators protest alleged rape by US sailors. Separatists win Basque election in Spain  exit polls. Canada XL Foods dumps E.coli tainted meat at landfill S. Korea Prepares to Evacuate DMZ Citizens UK risks undermining human rights legislation, Europe's top judge warns A 28yearold Tunisian who was caught on security camera stealing from a man who had fallen onto the tracks on the Stockholm subway and then leaving him to be hit by a train was sentenced to prison, deportation Italian Scientists sentenced to jail for failing to predict earthquake. Uruguay plans to legalise marijuana under state monopoly Survey Most Israeli Jews would support apartheid regime in Israel Russia accuses U.S. of human rights abuses  The head of Italy's disaster body quits in protest after seven colleagues were sentenced for their roles before the L'Aquila quake Irish boy thrilled at 'message in a bottle' from Quebec Israel's former Mossad chief urges dialogue with Iran, calls Obama policy rave' Israeli poll finds majority in favour of 'apartheid' policies 2/3s say Palestinians should not be allowed to vote if West Bank was annexed, while 3/4 favour segregated roads Syrian Rebels Detonate Car Bomb As Christians Head To Sunday Mass, 10 Killed Italian court convicts 7 scientists, experts of failing to warn of deadly 2009 earthquake. Voters in Iceland back new constitution, more resource control
| Reuters Icelandic Constitutional Referendum  Resources Not Privately Owned to Become Public Property. Killer Disease Reaches Uganda Capital  Highly  contagious & deadly  Marburg virus, a cousin of Ebola,  spread after an infected woman visited the city.    It's  transmitted through bodily fluids or infected wild animals.  Symptoms include severe headache followed by haemorrhaging. Now Piers Morgans Mirror and The People accused of phone hacking Malala Isn't Alone Another Pakistani Girl's Dream  Coast guard saves 64 Chinese seamen from burning freighter Syrian AntiAircraft Shell Hits Turkey Health Center Japanese justice minister resigns over organised crime links Egypt TV host gets jail term for insulting president Battle of Britain veteran who bailed out of his Spitfire over the English Channel dies aged 99 The general public unwittingly donated thousands of pounds to a group of men planning to carry out suicide attacks in Britain, a court has heard. Indian bureaucrat hounded out of office 43 times for fighting graft  The Washington Post World sea piracy falls to lowest level since 2008 Lebanon army deploys in Beirut and Tripoli Greedy U.S. billionaire urges Michigan voters to reject free bridge to Canada 'We wont advise the state again' Scientists outraged at Italian seismologists' jailing With 60,000 dead, Mexicans wonder why drug war doesn't rate in presidential debate  After slitting his wifes throat, Toronto man complained of unbearable burden of childrens insufficiently Muslim clothes Oil giants charged with price fixing 6 cases of children being raised by animals. Unlike Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book, these tales of feral kids surviving in the wild are decidedly darker and reportedly true. North Korean Official executed for drinking liquor while mourning Kim Jongil Qatar designs a law against offending religions  Draft will be presented to the UN with aim of creating int'l law Russia activist told 'confess or your children die' Canadian doctors call for warnings to be placed on packaging for unhealthy foods  similar to those found on cigarette packages CNN increasingly twitchy over Piers Morgan's tabloid past as phone hacking scandal spreads to Daily Mirror  A new poll finds that a large majority of Germans back the government's decision to phase out nuclear power and switch to renewable energies within a decade, despite rising electricity bills. White House told of militants hours after Benghazi attack Mali Islamic extremists declare war on music Psy meets UN SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon  UN chief jokes that Psy has overtaken him as most famous Korean in the world An arms factory in Khartoum where there were blasts and a huge fire overnight was attacked by four military planes, a Sudanese minister said on Wednesday, blaming the air strike on Israel. Iran has the highest number of natural gas powered vehicles on the road in the world (2.9 million) Russia Syria rebels have USmade weapons France's Socialist government plans to test launch a series of 'shooting galleriesy the end of the year [2012] where addicts can inject illegal drugs under medical supervision, the health minister said. China hints at reform by dropping Mao Italian scientist convicted over L'Aquila earthquake condemns 'medieval' court   Asmaa alGhoul aims to keep thorn in Hamas' side  Secular, feminist Palestinian journalist alGhoul has been harassed, beaten, arrested by Hamas for protesting its Islamist policies Massive solar flare erupts from the sun. Pakistan Taliban threaten another child activist after Malala shooting Abbas We're ready to resume direct talks with Israel   Israel News, Ynetnews Memorial to 'Forgotten' Holocaust Opens in Germany for 500,000 Gypsies Also Slaughtered by Nazis  Forward.com French farright group attacks and occupies mosque, and issued a declaration of war against what it called the Islamization of France. Entire Indian tribe threatens to commit mass suicide after Brazil court rules they must leave land David Attenborough US politicians duck climate change because of cost Satellite images show gulags still operational in North Korea Caribbean debt crisis has islands considering taxes on hedge funds 'Lost' Beethoven Hymn Unearthed  A previously unknown Beethoven arrangement for an ancient hymn has been uncovered after 192 years Greek Unemployed Cut Off From Medical Treatment  Until recently, Greece had a typical European health system offering universal care, but the unemployed are now often left on their own if they get sick.  No Toilet, No Bride   Rural sanitation minister accused by Hindu fundamentalists of skewing rural marriage market with slogan.  He's also drawing ire for deeming toilets a higher priority than temples & telling  parents of marriageable daughters to reject inlaws without indoor sanitation.

 US, Israel Hold LargestEver Joint Military Drill Austrian incest rapist Fritzl divorces report. Josef Fritzl, who held his daughter captive in a cellar for 24 years and fathered seven children with her, has divorced his wife of 52 years for failing to visit him in prison, a magazine reported on Thursday. North Korea executing military leaders by mortar fire  Olympics boosts UK economy out of recession. Africa could avoid food shortages if it reduces the tangled web of rules, fees and high costs strangling regional food trade and by putting large swathes of uncultivated land to productive use, a World Bank report said on Wednesday. A Polish photographer, Wilhelm Brasse was arrested and sent to Auschwitz early in World War II, he was put to work documenting his fellow prisoners, an emotionally devastating task that tormented him long after his liberation. Sudan threatens retaliation over alleged Israeli air strike Arsen Ostrovsky My Country is Under Attack. Do You Care?  School of hard facts why the British government is promoting knowledge over skills in schools The Qatar conundrum The Emirate that arms Syrias rebels also embraces Hamas Dutch warship destroys pirate mother ship Japan sees new Chinese activity near islands  China accused of sending four ships and also increasing air operations in disputed East China Sea waters. Syrian Rebels agree to 4day ceasefire in light of holidays. British female medic, Royal Marine and Afghan policeman killed in Afghanistan shooting Orangutan survives after being shot 100 times Ford says 4,000 to lose jobs in Belgium  Ashok Khemka, a bureaucrat in India, has been transferred out of his job 43 times because of his determination to follow the rules and whistleblowing. A senior career bureaucrat, he simply cannot tolerate corruption, and so, in every job he takes, he does his best to put a stop to it. North Korean army minister executed with mortar round. Kim Chol was forced to stand on a spot that had been zeroed in for a mortar round and obliterated. The U.K. thinks a strike on Iran would be illegal, denies U.S. access to its bases Opinion poll shows 43% of French people see Islam as a 'threat' to national identity, with twothirds saying Muslims are poorly integrated into society British ExxonMobil oil chief 'assassinated' in Brussels street   Telegraph Hitler told senior Nazis that 'everyone has lied to me, everyone has deceived me' just eight days before he killed himself in his bunker, according to newly disclosed documents. China Outraged Over Picture of Teacher Hurting Pupil  Police detain 2 teachers after photo  circulates online showing one of them lifting a pupil by his ears Britain rejects US request to use UK bases in nuclear standoff with Iran What Sex Means for World Peace  The evidence is clear The best predictor of a state's stability is how its women are treated. A victory for selfdefence, but only a partial one After 15 months in legal limbo, a Toronto man who defended himself and his loved ones is a free man. Moses Mahilal stabbed an intruder in his home with a kitchen knife.. and was charged with aggravated assault Through Her Sister's Eyes  This seemingly magical ability  to see through each other's eyes, to feel what the other experiences, perhaps even to share thoughts  has stunned neurologists and makes these tiny girls unique in the world. New York Times blocked by China after report on wealth of Wen Jiabao's family. President Vladimir Putin flatly rejected on Thursday Western criticism of the imprisonment of the Pussy Riot punk protest band, saying its three female members deserved their fate because they threatened the moral foundations of Russia.


 New York Times blocked in China over Wen Jiabao wealth revelations. Unwelcome revelations about wealth of family of Chinese premier, known for his humble background and populist appeal Billions in Hidden Riches for Family of Chinese Leader Suicide bomber kills 20 in Afghan mosque  What Are the Odds That Israel Just Attacked Sudan?  Armin Rosen  The Atlantic Ben Goldacre Closed drug trials leave patients at risk and doctors in the dark Drug companies can hide information about their drugs from doctors and patients, perfectly legally, with the help of regulators  Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to 4 years in jail in tax fraud trial. Milan court convicts Berlusconi of tax evasion, gives 4year sentence UN to investigate civilian deaths from US drone strikes. Special rapporteur on counterterror operations condemns Barack Obama's failure to establish effective monitoring process The British government opposed the establishment of the Nuremberg war crimes tribunals at the end of the WWll because it wanted selected Nazi leaders to be summarily executed and others to be imprisoned without trial Malala's parents overjoyed after first visit in UK hospital  Hundreds of homes burned and gunfire rang out as sectarian violence raged for a fifth day between Rohingya Muslims and Buddhists in western Myanmar on Thursday, pushing the death toll to nearly 60 and testing the country's nascent democracy After the biggest double dip since WW2, the UK is officially out of recession Fukushima 'running out of space' to store radioactive water. Nuclear engineer 'Radioactive water in the basements may already be getting into the underground water system, where it could reach far beyond the plant, possibly into the ocean or public water supplies.' The lower house of the French parliament has voted to fully reimburse all abortions and to make contraception free for minors. It now goes to the Senate, where it is likely to pass. Chinese man sues wife for being ugly and wins 9 More Banks to Add to the Libor Scandal?  US returns 4,000 archaeological relics to Mexico Imran Khan detained and 'interrogated over drone viewsy US immigration French government plans to provide free, anonymous contraception to teenage girls Providing free contraception is just as important for these teenagers as getting good sex education at school, according to Minister of Women's Rights  Victory For Man Who Took Cold Caller To Court Dozens die as Buddhists, Muslims clash in Myanmar Myanmar's estimated 800,000 Muslim Rohingya are officially stateless, with many among the Buddhist majority viewing them as illegal immigrants Iceland Says Yes To New Constitution In the wake of the 2008 economic collapse, a public outcry to change the very structure of its sociopolitical system led to an initiative to write a new constitution Canadian MP wants government to curtail online anonymity. France makes abortions free for all Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez jokes that so many Venezuelan players are in the World Series that next year it should be played in the South American country. Japan quakehit nuclear plant  may still be leaking radiation  into sea The head of the Catholic Church in England and Wales has written to the Vatican to ask if Jimmy Savile's papal knighthood can be posthumously removed. Golden Dawn has infiltrated Greek police, claims officer Taliban's attack on Pakistan education goes beyond one girl  Syrian Damascus car bomb killed kids near playground  Ferrari flag controversy Ferrari will display the Italian navy's flag on the F1 in support of Italian marines currently on trial in India Donald Trump lawyers tried to stop BBC showing Scottish bullying film Protesters occupy Bankia headquarters in Madrid Brazilian Student Sells Her Virginity for $780,000 to Raise Money  Japanese Man Wins the Bid.  
Israel has moved to the right, but it is not an apartheid state  

My experience of apartheid in South Africa leads me to think a survey of Israeli attitudes towards Arabs has been spun too far
 BurmaHRW satellite images 'showRakhine destruction' Berlusconi's sentence cut to 1 year to make room in prison for more scientists. Canadian police need new internet surveillance tools, say chiefs Bill C30 would give them access to internet communications without a warrant 7.7 in British Columbia, Canada Arrest warrant issued for Greek journalist who published list of Greek nationals holding Swiss accounts, including the Speaker of the Greek Parliament. Relatives of Wen Jiabao (China's prime minister), including his son, daughter, younger brother, mother and brotherinlaw, have become extraordinarily wealthy during his leadership. A review of records indicates that the prime ministers relatives have controlled assets worth at least $2.7 billion. Greece is putting immigrants in camps and shipping them off while the police force is overrun with Golden Dawn fascists. 24 year old student faces extradition to the U.S. and 10 years prison for hosting a site with links to tv shows but no actual copyrighted content Soviet Missile Base Spy Planes Never Saw  It was topsecret in 1959 & remains almost completely unknown. A crumbling, beautiful, eerie place. Photos & posters scattered in derelict buildings. Hard to think terror could've been unleashed from here.  Fighting a rape epidemic in India A Village Rape Shatters a Family, and Indias Traditional Silence Thailand arrests lorry driver after 16 tiger cubs discovered in the back of his vehicle packed into 8 plastic crates   He told police he'd been paid 15,000 baht ($490; 300) to transport the cubs.  Only 6 subspecies of tiger remain in the wild, with less than 1,000 tigers left in each group. Assisted suicide clinic Dignitas says healthy people should be free to choose to die Pensions Retired people should work for their pensions, says Lord Bichard. The fact that pensioners already have worked for their pension doesn't detain him. Pensioners are a negative burden on the state, who need to be incentivised into doing jobs that young people could do for a wage. Tens of thousands protest against austerity in Rome. Tens of thousands of people marched through Rome in a No Monti Day on Saturday, some throwing eggs and spraying graffiti to protest against austerity measures introduced by Prime Minister Mario Monti's government.
| Reuters Tsunami Warning for Alaska and BC Japan Was the First to Ratify ACTA. Will They Join TPP Next?  Berlusconi 'declares war' against Italian government Spain police thwart mass march to parliament  Thousands of antiausterity protesters held back from surrounding Madrid's legislature to denounce government cutbacks. Canals may have sped up building of wonder of the world Angkor Wat Scientists have discovered the secret that allowed Angkor Wat, a famous 1,000 year old temple complex in Cambodia, to be constructed far faster than should have been possible  canals.  Beersheba schools close after early morning rocket attacks | The Times of Israel Norway's New Foreign Minister  Exploitation of Arctic Resources Will Happen, when reminded  the British parliament  calls drilling for oil & natural gas in the Arctic a reckless gold rush.  He doesn't see Norway as reckless. The Arctic is not special in legal terms; it is just an ocean. In world first, biggest refugee camp gets university The campus is being set up in Kenya near the Dadaab refugee camp, home to more than 500,000 people sheltering from Somali conflict The human cost of austerity  Rates of suicide and depression are on the rise in Spain as the unemployment figures there hit a record high.  Albino models setting the trend for Africa Chinas export limits on rare earth minerals backfire as its monopoly erodes. Burma's leader admits deadly attacks on Muslims Satellite images show huge swath of coastal town destroyed in a wave of violence which has left dozens dead
 Sweden Wants Your Trash UN set to ban female genital cutting  An estimated 140 million girls and women have undergone FGM, which can cause serious physical and emotional damage. Campaigners liken the psychological effects of FGM to those of rape. Anonymous Is Going After Zynga For Mistreating Employees, It Has Leaked Confidential Documents And Games Journalist who published list of 2,000 prominent Greeks with HSBC accounts in Switzerland is arrested Instead of arresting the tax evaders and the ministers who had the list in their hands, they're trying to arrest the truth and freedom of the press, Mr Vaxevanis said Saudi King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz 'I demand a UN resolution that condemns any country or group that insults religions and prophets . . . It is our duty and that of every Muslim to protect Islam and defend the prophets.' Russian ship carrying 700 tons of gold ore gone missing.  One and a half billion people, many living in remote areas, have no access to electricity Microgrids are a practical and relatively inexpensive way to supply them with reliable power Showdown Set on Bid to Give UN Control of Internet Russia, China and other countries back a move to place the Internet under the authority of the International Telecommunications Union, a UN agency that sets technical standards for global phone calls China's destruction of minorities I witnessed a Chinese mother allowing her child to urinate on the grounds of a historical Uyghur tomb complex, right outside a mosque. A major Greek newspaper reprinted the names of more than 2,000 wealthy Greeks with Swiss bank accounts on Monday and the editor who first published the list was to go on trial for violating data privacy laws Rise of the Superbugs (ABC Report on Antibiotic overuse) Tension escalates in Republic Day celebrations in Ankara. People beaten by police forces. Case of blonde girl beggar rescued from streets strikes nerve in Mexico; activists see racism. The flurry of internet attention to the photo, and the quick way officials reacted, has renewed a debate about racism in Mexico 'Many streets across the UK are besieged by anarchy and violence. Negative, discriminatory and aggressive police behavior, if not perpetuating gang culture, actively hinders attempts to tackle it'  CSJ study Mexican city battered by drug gangs feels lure of truce  In a fiveyear struggle with Mexico's most notorious drug cartel, the city of Torreon has suffered a 16fold increase in murders, fired its police department and lost control of its main prison to the gang. The slow and steady overtake of the Islamist came to this in Turkey citizens are not allowed to rally on the Republic day (similar to 4th of July). As A Turk I'm extremely interested in what might happen tomorrow. Burma's leader admits deadly attacks on Muslims It's not just antiRohingya violence anymore, it's antiMuslim HMS Bounty reported sunk off the North Carolina coast The Great Chinese Stampede Hot Money Leaving the Country A declining Japan loses its oncehopeful champions  An economist laments the decline of tiny island nation, which only two decades ago was touted as a global model for prosperity. Germany Doubts Whether Croatia Is Ready for EU After a recent progress report exposed problem areas, several leading German conservatives have placed the timeline in doubt. The EU, they argue, does not need another Romania. UBS shares jump at prospect of 10,000 job cuts 7 killed, 100 wounded in Nigeria church bombing French startup extracts trace amounts of gold from waste water.  Muslim survivors of Myanmar's sectarian violence relive ordeals The United Nations said 22,587 people had now been displaced after unrest between Muslim Rohingyas and Buddhist Rakhines claimed at least 84 lives Poland found explosives on wreckage of president's planereport
 Since ACTA was decisively beaten on 4th July 2012.. by the people of EU member nations, the big business lobbyists have taken heed and resolved to change in order to be more successful. Hence the secrecy. CETA and the EUIndia trade agreement are the next big battles.  Bank of England Official  Occupy Movement Right About Global Recession Worlds 1st hepatitis E vaccine is rolling out of a Chinese factory, promising to stem a virus that infects 20m people & claims 70,000 lives a year.  It's a victory for a rare publicprivate partnership in Chinas growing biotechnology sector &  deliver other vaccines overlooked in the West. 16 year old female Egyptian scientists finds new catalysts for using plastic waste as biofuel feedstock. Michael Ignatieff's timely warning on the politics of fascism  Democracy is not a battle of wills with a prize of victory and defeat...but Fascism is.  Imam Shot Dead in Russia   Attackers killed an imam & 2  relations as they drove to a mosque.  The cleric delivered sermons calling for peace.  Islamists have been blamed for attacks on moderate Muslims in the region. In China, a CCTV footage shows teacher abusing a mentally disabled child who slipped into unconsciousness. The child is now severely brain damaged. Bank of England Director Andrew Haldane Occupy were right all along; credit due for stirring reform Tsunami money spent on unrelated jobs  Money to rebuild Japan's devastated areas has been spent on unrelated projects, including a contact lens factory & research whaling. Over 1/2  has yet to be disbursed. Nearly all 340,000 evacuated  remain uncertain whether, when & how they'll resettle. Popular Somali poet, playwright & songwriter gunned down in Mogadishu  He wrote & acted in radio plays critical of the militant group, alShabab, who he accused of misleading people in the name of Islam. It May Be Too Late to Stop Global Warming  ABC News Don't call them French fries. Belgium, where the frite is all important, celebrates its national treasure. Last week, seven Tibetans set themselves on fire in as many days, bringing the total of selfimmolations on the troubled high plateau to more than 60 people since March 2011

 Hamas clip shows rockets fired from populated area Syrian air force general 'killed by rebels' Italian quake wiretapped evidence suggests scientists were pressured into giving a reassuring statement. Associated Press No explosives found on Polish President's plane wreckage Reports Iranian Warships Dock In Sudan 65 dead as Hurricane Sandy crosses Caribbean; 'the whole south is under water,' says Haitian PM (with video) Moscow police 'discover brothel on monastery premises' German official says expansion of renewable energy production outpacing forecastsProjections indicate that clean energy will account for 48% of German electricity production by 2022 Syrian Warplanes Bombard Rebels With 60 Airstrikes Japanese airport shut after second world war bomb found Turkey police disperse prosecular protesters  Tear gas and water cannons used to disband thousands marching in Ankara to mark Republic Day. Incoming Dutch government ditches 'weed pass' plan that would have been available only to residents and that would have effectively banned tourists from Amsterdam's marijuana cafes The scale of unpaid tax now outstrips the national deficit. Forcing the elite to pay up is now a matter of justice and necessity. German Politicians Demand to See Gold in US Federal Reserve  SPIEGEL ONLINE China's 1% members of China's National Peoples Congress are worth a combined total of $89.8 billion; in contrast, the net worth of the top 660 U.S. officials is only $7.5 billion. Celebratory gunfire at Saudi wedding cuts cable, 23 electrocuted. Celebratory gunfire at a wedding party in eastern Saudi Arabia on Tuesday night brought down an electric cable, killing 23 people, a local civil defense official said. 30 others were injured Mayans Pissed Off Over Doomsday 'Deceit' Greek police beat Korean tourist, stonewall investigation. Panasonic, currently Japan's thirdlargest employer, announced they will lose $9.6 billion this year.  That's after already laying off almost 39,000 people. 
Blow to ProDemocracy Movement as Bahrain Bans Public Dissent Government and Shia Muslim majority continue to clash NonMuslims have 'sex like donkeys' and deserve to be blownup, said 'terror plot' leader  Telegraph Bahrain bans all opposition rallies Chinese Think Tank Urges End To 'OneChild' Policy  Bahrain regime pays a PR company in DC and CNN to censor stories uncovering human rights violations Head of Russia's Election Commission, known as the magician, criticizes U.S. election process.  SA census shows big racial divide The income of white South African households is six times higher than that of black households, 18 years after the end of apartheid Celebratory gunfire leaves 23 dead at Saudi wedding  RT News Afghanistan to hold presidential election in April 2014 Christian persecution throughout the world ignored   Telegraph 165 killed a day in Syria  watchdog Somali comedian who poked fun at Islamists shot dead EU will lose Turkey if it hasn't joined by 2023  Erdogan. Turkey's bid to join the EU, officially launched in 2005, has virtually ground to a halt in recent years due to opposition from core EU members and the failure to find a solution to the dispute over the divided island of Cyprus. Russian Ship Carrying 700 Tons Of Gold Ore Missing 25% and Rising Unemployment in Spain and Greece Is Still Spiralling Iran pulls back from nuclear bomb goal Israeli defense minister
| Reuters Schools closed, thousands move to higher ground as 90 kph (55 mph) cyclone roars toward southern India Amsterdam will not ban tourists from coffee shops, says mayor France deports radical imam for advocating holy war, violence against women Argentina lowers voting age to 16 Nigerian state makes it a crime to accuse children of witchcraft or sorcery 
Israel Fesses Up to Killing Arafat Deputy in 1988
 Sweden pays jobless youth to move to Norway  The global gap between rich and poor is at its highest level for 20 years and is growing Iran Offers to Send Emergency Aid Team to Hurricane Stricken New York Waves of anger Japan tsunami victim aid spent on whalers, officials and fighter pilots Have Indias poor become human guinea pigs? Language skills Scandinavia tops the list of countries in the world (none native english speakers) when it comes to English skills | The Economist Europe's oldest prehistoric town unearthed in Bulgaria  The walled fortified settlement, near the modern town of Provadia, is thought to have been an important centre for salt production. Archaeologist says prehistoric town unearthed in Bulgaria is the oldest urban settlement found to date in Europe Russia Set To Redefine Treason, Sparking Fears
 Russia internet censorship law takes effect Dead Sea Shrinking at Record Rate  Water loss  prompts calls for Israel & Jordan to stop fertilizer makers from siphoning so much of the water whose restorative powers have attracted visitors since biblical times.  1/2 the drop  caused by Israel Chemicals Ltd. & Jordan's Arab Potash Co.
 Bank of England director Occupy was right Wary of Future, Professionals Leave China in Droves Nervous on the Nile Minorities Fear End of Secularism in Egypt  Taking office as Egypt's president, Morsi pledged a pluralist policy respecting rights of women & nonMuslim minorities. But his actions show he plans to replace his predecessor's secularist dictatorship with an Islamist one.  Nearly 60,000 people have perished since 2006 in the Mexican governments militaryled offensive against the countrys drug cartels. China proposes new initiatives for Syria ceasefire  China said on Thursday it had proposed a new initiative to head off an escalation of violence in Syria, including a phased, regionbyregion ceasefire and the establishment of a transitional governing body. Mexico 'smugglers' car' gets stuck atop US border fence Iran Offers to Send Emergency Aid Team to Hurricane Stricken New York  NYTimes.com Britons Abandon Thousands of Pets Amid Economic Pain  Nearly 16,000 more animals were abandoned last year than in 2007 & convictions for animal cruelty rose 23.5% in the last 5 years India Nearly 300 Wild Elephant Deaths in Orissa, Over 1/3 Killed by Electric Shock & Hanging Electricity Wires   Other causes of deaths  include poaching, poisoning by farmers, & being hit by trains.  Shrinking habitat has led to conflict with people & the deaths of many of the protected animals.
 The home front Man builds 60ftlong World War I trench in his back garden  and then invites history buffs round for reenactment Pakistani couple kill daughter for talking to a boy Thousands of Iranians chanting Death to America burnt US flags on Friday to mark the 33rd anniversary of the seizure of the US embassy in Tehran Pakistani coupe kill their daughter by pouring acid on her face when she was found talking to a boy China opposition party lasts a day, founder gets 8 years in prison Hyundai, Kia admit to bogus fuel efficiency claims Vigilantes SprayPaint Sexual Harassers In Cairo  NPR In Africa, imprisoned at the hospital until bills are paid  In Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo, as in many places in Africa, hospital patients don't get to leave until they pay their bill. And every day they stay, the bill gets higher. They're prisoners of their medical debt. A row has broken out after the leader of the Roman Catholic Church in Scotland was named Bigot of the Year by gay rights charity Stonewall Montreal, Canada engineer details 20 years of bribes Syrian rebels execute unarmed government soldiers; dozens killed in fighting  Australian Foreign Minister Bob Carr commits $100m to tackle malaria in the Asia Pacific region Ireland's former richest man, Sean Quinn, sentenced to 9 weeks in prison  Gunmen occupy Libyan parliament. Killings by Syrian rebels caught on video appear to be war crime, UN says  thestar.com Return of the Czech communists the country's hardline Communists are now the second most popular party, and could enter government in a matter of weeks. This would make the Czech Republic the first postcommunist European country in which a communist party returned to power Sean Quinn, once Ireland's richest man, is given 9 week jail term Greek court dismisses charges against 'Lagarde List' journalist.  Greek journalist who published names of 2,000 suspected tax evaders acquitted  In Brazil, researchers genetically modifying mosquitoes to wipe out dengue fever Iskandar Malaysia the green megacity rising above Singapore  Planned ecocity for 3m people matches Luxembourg in size and showcases urban 21stcentury smartliving, say developers Japan protests after new report of incident involving drunken US serviceman. A U.S. airman is suspected of assaulting a young boy Friday on the southern Japanese island of Okinawa U.S. quietly eases rules on sale of medicines to Iran  Hit by crisis, Greek society in freefall  Is this the darkest day for Russia under Putin yet?