 European court declares resale of used software 
licenses legal, not matter where and how they were 
obtained. EightyFive Syrian Soldiers, Including a General, Defect en Masse to Turkey French police raid home of former president Nicolas Sarkozy. $3.5B later, China has built an empty city in Angola. 21 Nations Block Effort to Turn Southern Atlantic Into Giant Whale Sanctuary Tuscan police officers pay for shoplifter's goods after they see 2 brothers, the older with a wife and two children, had only pasta, milk, nappies and baby food Mexico elects Enrique Pea Nieto as its new leader, rejecting the ruling party in part because of its inability to end a bloody conflict with the drug cartels 500 year old world map discovered. First one to use the name America.  Barclay's Diamond Threatens to Reveal Secrets and Name Names If Investigation Is Too Aggressive New Zealand ships refused entry to Pearl Harbour during maritime exercise due to NZ AntiNuclear legislation Tests hint at possible Arafat poisoning  What Killed Arafat? Syria running 27 torture centers; Human Rights Watch group called for the U.N.  to refer the issue of Syria to the International Criminal Court Large earthquake felt across NZ Barclays boss Bob Diamond resigns after LIBOR fixing scandal Lies, damn lies, and LIBOR Barclays, Diamond, and a devalued benchmark  

The story of how Barclays tried to rig an interest rate benchmark called LIBOR and it cost CEO Robert Diamond his job may seem obscure. But it's the latest evidence that bankers will take every inch regulators leave to them. Assad regrets shooting down Turkish jet, had hoped it was an Israeli jet Timbuktus Destruction Why Islamists Are Wrecking Malis Cultural Heritage

 Tests hint at possible Arafat poisoning Ninemonth investigation discovers rare, radioactive polonium on exPalestinian leader's final belongings. Chinese city cancels copper plant project after protests  Construction of multimillionpound copper alloy plant axed after antipollution protests in Shifang, southwest China Officials in Kenya say that two Iranian agents arrested with explosives planned to attack Israeli, American, British or Saudi Arabian targets inside Kenya. BBC News  French police search Nicolas Sarkozy home and office Nigeria signs $4.5bn oil refining deal with Vulcan Russian Visit Irks Japan  Prime Minister Medvedev angered Japan by visiting the disputed Kuril Islands.  Tokyo wants the return of the islands, seized by Soviets in 1945.  Japan calls the islands its 'Northern Territories', & says his visit is extremely regrettable. Syria's 'network of torture chambers'. According to Human Rights Watch, Syria has been torturing its citizens on a massive scale, with 25,000 people in a network of 27 detention centers where beatings and electrocutions are common. Pakistan 'to reopen' supply lines to Nato Afghan 
forces VICTORY! ACTA Suffers Final, Humiliating Defeat In European Parliament  Falkvinge on Infopolicy Chimpanzees in South Africa Won't be Killed After Mauling American, 
 Because They Were Defending Their Territory Against a Trespasser, Authorities Say IKEA cutting down primeval forests in Russia ACTA killed MEPs destroy treaty with 478 votes against, 39 in favor; Many stood up holding banners Hello democracy! Goodbye ACTA! LHC claims new particle discovery! CERN Presents findings about Higgs Boson live! France increases by 7 billion euros their taxes on rich, big firms Every day some 3,000 Indian children die from illnesses related to malnutrition, and yet countless heaps of rodentinfested wheat and rice are rotting in fields across the north of their own country. Same poison used to murder Russian dissident Alexander Litvinenko found on late Yasser Arafat's clothing Scientists (high levels of) Radioactive polonium210 found on Yasser Arafat's toothbrush, clothes Police Thousands of Pakistanis kill man, burn corpse after accusing him of desecrating Quran Cuba confirms cholera outbreak Rise in sea level can't be stopped Reports of gift card payments feed growing accusations of votebuying in Mexicos election. Thousands of people rushed to stores to redeem prepaid gift cards they said were given to them previously by the party that won Mexicos presidency  Pakistan mob burns man to death for 
lasphemy' Cameron's plan to block Greek immigration would break EU law Palestinians ready to exhume Arafat body after scientists find polonium on his toothbrush, clothes  World News United Arab Emirates seeks to recruit 3000 Colombian soldiers Tests suggest Arafat died of polonium poisoning Brazilian figher jets shatter Supreme Court building (VIDEO) BBC News  Acta Controversial antipiracy agreement rejected by EU ACTA Controversial antipiracy agreement rejected by EU This was posted by another user on monday Scottish team develops 'nutritional pizzas but it didn't get much attention. A better description World's first completely nutritionally balanced pizzas Just over two weeks after Nicolas Sarkozy lost the immunity from prosecution which he had enjoyed as president, police have searched his home and offices in Paris. France slaps 7 bln euros in taxes on rich and big firms
| Reuters Banks across the world fixed interest rates in runup to the financial crisis, says former Barclays chief executive Bob Diamond RBS is about to be fined $233 million for its role in the Liborrigging scandal. The bank is 82 per cent owned by the taxpayer and is said to have no power to claw back bonuses from the traders responsible. So the bank is fined for robbing taxpayers via Libor, and the fine is paid by the taxpayer. WikiLeaks releases Syria Files, almost 2.5 mln emails to be published The data is more than 8 times the size of Cablegate. Documents said to be 'embarrassing to Syria, but it is also embarrassing to Syrias opponents' Germans want dope legalized, bestiality banned
 China Says No More Shark Fin Soup at State Banquets  NYTimes.com LIBOR Banking Scandal Deepens; Barclays Releases Damning Email, Implicates British Government | Matt Taibbi | Rolling Stone Volkswagen acquires Porsche for 3.6bn and avoids paying taxes due to loophole Bee stings killed as many in UK as terrorists, says watchdog. A Growing Vatican Bank Scandal Threatens Catholic Church Image  The core mission of the 'Institute for Works of Religion' (IOR) seems to be the laundering of money for God and others, providing anonymous banking for tax dodgers, political slush funds, and the mafia FIFA approves goalline technology. Mexico's PresidentElect Wants a 'Broad Debate' About Drug Policy It is quite clear that after several years of this fight against drug trafficking, we have more drug consumption, drug use and drug trafficking. That means we are not moving in the right direction. Things are not working. India to provide free generic drugs UK Pensioner Could Face Arrest For Atheist Poster 'John Richards was advised that putting up a poster at his home denouncing religions as 'fairy stories' could be an offence under the Public Order Act.' Israeli reporter who exposed military secrets avoids jail Mexico Recounting Over Half Presidential Vote  Feeding suspicion of largescale votebuying were 1,000s of people rushing to grocery stores this week to redeem prepaid gift cards. Some tell reporters they were told to turn in a photocopy of their voter ID card  to get the gift cards. S. Korea to start 'scientific' whaling  Iran Demands $4 Bln From Russia Over Canceled Missile Deal Report Top Syrian officer, a close friend of Assad, defects and flees to Turkey  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Iran has threatened to destroy U.S. military bases across the Middle East and target Israel within minutes of being attacked 'Britain's Atlantis' found at bottom of North sea  a huge undersea kingdom swamped by a tsunami 5,500 years ago Syria files Wikileaks releases 2m 'embarrassing' emails UN Human Rights Council passes Internet freedom resolution South Korean retweets N. Korea's tweets, may go to 
prison for 7 years Asian nations want to sink S.Korea whale hunt plan
| Reuters Ecuador finds Assange charges 'hilarious' Matt TaibbiLIBOR Banking Scandal Deepens; Barclays Releases Damning Email, Implicates British Government Large majority of Brits oppose extradition of Richard O'Dwyer to the US (he's the student the Americans want to charge with copyright offences) Finland would consider leaving the eurozone rather than paying the debts of other countries in the currency bloc, Finnish Finance Minister Jutta Urpilainen said in a newspaper interview on Friday [6 July 2012]. Aftermath of The Pirate Bay trial  Peter Sunde's plea, in his own words 'A few days ago, Peter Brokep Sunde  the former media spokesperson of The Pirate Bay  sent a formal plea for pardon to the Swedish Administration.' Big pharma is cut out by India's plan to bring medicine to masses. Switzerland has suspended all arms exports to the United Arab Emirates following reports that Swissmanufactured hand grenades had shown up in Syria
 China thwarts major childtrafficking rings  Government says police break up two massive childtrafficking gangs, arresting 802 suspects and saving 181 children.  Sri Lankan facing death in Saudi for worshipping buddha statue !! Fake cigarette causes 4 hour motorway closure whilst antiterrorist police do their thing An Egyptian university student was fatally stabbed as his girlfriend looked on after three suspected Islamic militants confronted the couple in a park and told them they should not be together if they are not married. London 2012 even Beijing didn't put an army on the gates India to give free generic drugs to hundreds of millions. Moscow Warns West of Big War in Syria Humpback whales to gain Panama Canal traffic protection The LIBOR scandal  The rotten heart of finance UK Serious Fraud Office (SFO) launches Libor investigation A 40pg document cherrypicked from 22 million emails is the only information the FBI believes should be made available to Kim Dotcom before his extradition hearing Crown lawyer John Pike argued that there was no need for Dotcom to have access because he was not being tried in New Zealand Chinas unexpected cut in interest rates  the second in less than a month  suggests that the worlds secondbiggest economy is in worse shape than it appears and the government is getting worried about growth prospects ahead of the release of key economic data next week.  The TPP ACTA Resurfaces in New Trade Talks with South East Asia, Oceania and South America. Negotiations are Happening Now! Explainer Why the LIBOR scandal is a bigger deal than JPMorgan France confirms defection of Syrian general  A highlevel military official close to Syrian President Bashar alAssad is heading to Paris after defecting to Turkey, as delegates from some 100 nations meet in the French capital to seek an end to the crisis in Syria.  Mystery illness killing Cambodian kids Rate rigging probe escalates into Germany
 Mexican Student Movement Says Election Rife With Irregularities  An antiPRI mega march is being announced for Saturday in Mexico City via online forums & flyers handed out in the street  CNN's Richard Quest Guilty bankers should clean toilets Jordanian MP pulls a gun on a critic during live TV debate Chernobyl's radioactive trees and the forest fire risk Franois Hollande keeps election promise of raising taxes for wealthiest British democracy in terminal decline Corporate power, unrepresentative politicians and apathetic voters leave UK 'increasingly unstable', says study 15 Killed in Pakistan by U.S. Drones  Israeli officials say a UN factfinding mission will not be allowed to enter the country and its occupied territories. On Friday, the Genevabased Human Rights Council appointed three officers to probe Israels West Bank settlement activity. New Zealand Police Investigated over MegaUploads Founder Arrest Declassified FBI documents implicate PM Netanyahu in a 1970s plot to use U.S. technology for Israels nuclear program. More Irish women seeking help for British abortions Ireland's abortion ban means women with severe pregnancy complications are going abroad for terminations
 'Blasphemer' dragged from police station and beaten to death by mob in rural Pakistan. Nuclear weapons are the only peacekeeping weapons that the world has ever known. It would be strange for me to advocate for their abolition, as they have made wars all but impossible. Kids and laughing teachers bullied suicide teen in Japan. Teachers reportedly laughed as bullies tried to choke the victim. At Least 99 Dead in Russian Storms, Crude Oil Shipments Halted  Russian officials say the death toll from flooding in the southern Krasnodarsky Krai region has risen to 99 after two days of torrential rain pounded the region.  Three of Moroccos most prominent conservative clerics have publicly backed a death threat against a journalist who called for greater sexual freedom in the North African kingdom. The rotten heart of finance A scandal over key interest rates is about to go global US orders Iran to pay for 1983 Lebanon attack  Bob Diamond would have known about Libor rigging, claims whistleblower Reports from China claim a sealed bronze wine vessel discovered in a tomb in Shaanxi province contains liquid wine  The tomb dates to the Zhou Dynasty (1046 to 771 B.C.), & contained 6 vessels. The container in question has not been opened. [Archaeology xpost] Debt crisis Finland warns of euro exit rather than pay debts of others Romania parliament votes to impeach president Egypts new president orders formation of committee to investigate killings of protesters 'Lost' penguins turn up on Rio's beaches The top security adviser for Mexico's next president said Friday that he is recommending the creation of elite units of police and troops who will target not just major drug traffickers but also lowerlevel cartel hitmen as a way of swiftly reducing violence. Extradition deadline passes for WikiLeaks' Assange Syria's fighting spills into Lebanon, five killed Libor The Crime of the Century  
The interest rate scandal surrounding Englands Barclays Bank is corruption like weve never seen it before. Anonymous Japan cleans up a public park in protest of tough illegal download laws. We prefer constructive and productive solutions, the group said in a statement. We want to make our fellow citizens aware of the problem with a productive message. Women rights activist murdered in Pakistan Cocaine and coca not the same thing, says Bolivia's Morales in defiance of US Taliban shoot woman 9 times in public execution as men cheer South Korea to Reconsider Plan to Drop Evolution Examples From Textbooks Netanyahu moves to end military service exemptions for ultraOrthodox. Drugs use map of the world The World Drugs report for 2012 shows that 230 million people around the world  1 in 20 of us  took illicit drugs in the last year. Iran pastor facing death for apostasy Youcef Nadarkhani whose incarceration for practicing Christianity reaches the 1,000day mark on Sunday. Afghan woman publicly executed near Kabul, Allah warns us not to get close to adultery because it's the wrong way. It is the order of Allah that she be executed. 'Big fiveank customers vent anger by taking their money elsewhere Switzerland will continue to purchase Iranian oil in defiance of the European Union sanctions. Mass Mexico City protest against Pena Nieto win 'Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched through Mexico City against the presidential election win of Enrique Pena Nieto, accusing him and his party of widespread votebuying.' Iran says it has plans to close Strait of Hormuz Undiagnosed illness in Cambodia claims lives of 61 children. Saudi Arabia cracks down on a large demonstration in the eastern city of Qatif, killing two people and injuring at least 20, after a Shia leader was shot and arrested Libya holds first free national election after 40 years of Gaddafi President Bashar alAssad claims that the United States was partially responsible for the death of innocent Syrian civilians because of their support of terrorist gangs operating in Syria. In Canada, history was made when a legal team headed by Jason Bowman of the ACP was granted the right to proceed with its filing of a criminal conspiracy lawsuit against the Vatican, Crown of England and other parties In Canada, banks are closing customer accounts as part of Iran sanctions Egyptian President Mursi reverses parliament dissolution  BBC A man Afghan officials say is a member of the Taliban shot dead a woman accused of adultery in front of a crowd near Kabul Why were ignoring the revolution in Sudan (Foreign Policy) French President Francois Hollande confirmed Saturday plans for a new law criminalizing denial of the Armenian genocide with representatives of the Armenian community Cholera reportedly kills 15, sickens hundreds in eastern Cuba   People in Cuba say hospitals are chaotic and being controlled by security agents who dont want alarming reports to get out. Nearly 25% of all adults in Botswana are infected with the HIV. But the response against the disease has been stunning with the government providing free, lifesaving AIDS drugs to almost all of its citizens who need them.   Higgs boson physicist shunned in Pakistan. Man whose work made discovery of elusive particle possible scorned in homeland because of his religious affiliation Dozens of women who attended a high school run by the Legion of Christ have urged the Vatican to close the program, saying the psychological abuse they endured trying to live like teenage nuns led to multiple cases of anorexia, stressinduced migraines, depression & suicidal thoughts. Mexico urges U.S. to join drug policy review 7 Americans (including US cops) at Colombian drug lord's party  German government slammed over controversial data law that allows government offices to sell people's private information to marketing companies. Two Israeli police officer were convicted of leaving a wounded Palestinian man on the roadside, where he died of dehydration. 2.5 yrs sentence.  The Bank of England had almost daily contact with Barclays over interbank lending at the end of October 2008, newly released emails show. Norway, the worlds 8thlargest producer of oil, is hours away from the 1st complete shutdown of its oil industry in over 25 years as the government holds off on breaking up a fight between striking offshore workers & employers, threatening exports from western Europes top producer 'We cannot forgive her, God tells us to finish her' video shows public execution of woman, 22, in Afghanistan after adultery allegations Israeli government panel finds that Israeli isn't occupying the Palestinian West Bank and that all Israeli settlements should be declared legal. U.S. antidrug agency admits killing pilot in Honduras Bolivia to consider nationalizing Canadian miner's silver property, President Evo Morales said, following violent indigenous protests against the mining project Alberta, Canada Priceless skeleton destroyed in latest fossil attack Tajikistan tells Russia, get out welcomes US and PRC New York Times, Gretchen Morgenson Applaud British, Issue Challenge To American Regulators Over LIBOR Scandal | Matt Taibbi | Rolling Stone Is the LIBOR Scandal The Crime of the Century?
 Charity condemns tourists' use of fresh water in developing countries. Study finds visitors to Bali, the Gambia and Goa use 16 times as much water as locals, causing conflict and disease. UK Ministry of Defence Close To Gaining Patent On Key GPS Technology; US Not Amused Russia will not deliver fighter planes or other new weapons to Syria while the situation there remains unresolved, the deputy director of a body that supervises the country's arms trade was quoted as saying on Monday. Assad U.S. trying to destabilize Syria  Tens of thousands protest 'votebuying' in Mexico 'Unspeakable cruelty' Outrage grows after Afghan woman's execution caught on video France sells bonds at negative interest rate  Mysterious fatal crash provides rare glimpse of U.S. commandos in Mali 20,000 Leatherback turtle eggs crushed by heavy machinery on Trinidad beach  thestar.com ACTA IS BACK Leaked docs show Canada/
ACTA IS BACK! European Commission trying to 
sneak ACTA into Canada & back into Europe 9 years ago, a man convinced English bookmakers to give him 661 odds on Roger Federer winning Wimbledon 7 times.  The man died, but the charity he gave the ticket to has cashed it in for almost $158,000. Drugs tunnel between Mexico and US discovered Wikipedia shut down its Russianlanguage page on Tuesday to protest at a bill that would boost government control over the internet amid a crackdown on those opposed to the regime of President Vladimir Putin Congo warlord jailed for 14 years in landmark case  Delivering its first sentence, the International Criminal Court jailed Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga Dyilo for 14 years on Tuesday for recruiting child soldiers. Rare black tiger found in India Vatican Threatens to Sue German Magazine  'Titanic' featured a picture of the Germanborn pontiff with a yellow stain on his white cassock & the headline The leak has been found.  Editor Leo Fischer said in a statement Benedict must have misunderstood us.
 LIBOR Scandal Manipulation Spanned Decades, According To Reports  It was one of those well kept secrets, but the regulator was asleep, the Bank of England didn't care, and...[the banks involved were] happy with the reference prices. Canada's PM Stephen Harper faces revolt by scientists 'Hostage siege' at Paris school in progress Matt Taibbi The New York Times and its outstanding financial reporter, Gretchen Morgenson, have published an important article about the LIBOR banking crisis, challenging American regulators to take this mess as seriously as the British appear to be. Russian Wikipedia shuts down to protest legislation Israeli Army burns agricultural crops in Gaza Libor scandal Bob Diamond gives up 20m bonus  Anonymous takes credit for hack that exposes 2.4 million Syrian emails Thousands protest Mexico's presidentelect Russia halts sales of new weapons to Syria Mali Islamists destroy tombs at ancient Timbuktu mosque There is no world heritage, it doesn't exist.  Kim Jongun Appears With Disney Characters on North Korean TV  NYTimes.com With 15Minute Session, Egypt's Parliament Defies High Court Unknown illness surfaced in Cambodia kills infected children within 1 day Russian Wikipedia Shuts Down To Protest Censorship Norway's government has reluctantly intervened at the final hour to end a strike by offshore oil workers. Oslo used powers to end the walkout after firms said they would be otherwise forced into a complete shutdown.  Congo rebels capture key towns in east as conflict escalates; M23 mutineers advance to within 40km of UN mission HQ and call on Congolese president Joseph Kabila to heed demands Melinda Gates challenges Vatican by vowing to improve contraception Mother who put her infant son on a highway in the Moscow Region amid the night hoping he would be killed by cars was sentenced to eight years in prison 
Canadian Scientists 'Mourn Death of Evidence' under Harper Government Protest march will highlight public harm done by gutting of research programs  Muslim Brotherhood concedes defeat in Libyan parliamentary elections Legal euthanasia has not led to more cases in the Netherlands Dozens of Afghan womens rights activists took to the streets Wednesday to protest against the recent public execution of a young woman for alleged adultery  Acta's worst clauses resurface in CanadaEU trade treaty, verbatim (Wired UK) Taliban commander we cannot win war and alQaida is a 'plague'  Behind the Libor Scandal  Graphic  NYTimes.com NZ called on to ban Fat Hatred in the 3rd Fattest Country on Earth. Lecturer leading the cause claims obesity is healthy and the world is discriminating against fat people. Why we are breaking the Pirate Bay ban
 London residents lose court battle aimed at keeping missiles off roof of building during Olympic games. Scientists attribute extreme weather to manmade climate change Syria Torture Centers Revealed | Human Rights Watch Kim Dotcom says he will extradite himself to the us, if he gets his money back Silvio Berlusconi to again run for Italian Prime Minister in next year's elections Russian Duma adopts 'site blacklistill despite SOPAstyle outcry against censorship More prison for feminist punk rockers, Pussy Riot, riles liberal Russians Swiss Banks UBS, Credit Suisse Raided By German, French Authorities Over Tax Evasion. German tax authorities have raided Credit Suisse clients and French officials searched the homes of UBS employees, deepening the crackdown on foreigners hiding money in Swiss offshore accounts to dodge taxes. Moscow's Marines Head for Syria  Spain today more cuts and police crushing people Four found guilty of modern slavery.  Tigers kill a man in zoo in Copenhagen. Russian Websites Go Dark to Protest Internet Blacklist Bill The bill is comprised of amendments that create an Internet blacklist which opponents say poses a serious threat to freedom of expression in Russia Egypt Court Overrules President Over Parliament.  Egypt's Islamistled parliament reconvened on Tuesday in an open challenge to the generals who dissolved it last month. The supreme court swiftly ruled the newly elected, Islamist president had acted illegally in summoning the assembly, WikiLeaks wins case against VISA  Mexicans hold massive election protests, media remains quiet BBC News  Catholic Church loses child abuse liability 
appeal Taiwan to stage first samesex Buddhist wedding European Jewish and Muslim groups have joined forces to defend circumcision for young boys on religious grounds Oil on their hands  With a middle finger to foreign oil companies, and costing them billions, Nigerians are stealing corporate oil, refining it themselves, and selling it on the black market. Mutiny fear in Israeli army as religious Zionists gain influence. Highly religious soldiers could refuse orders to remove Jews from settlements
 Falkvinge In the UK, you will go to jail not just for encryption, but for astronomical noise, too Supreme Court of Canada rules that ISPs don't have to pay copyright fees when their users download music Palestinians pressured not to seek international probe into Arafat's death The United States has put pressure on the Palestinian leadership not to seek such an investigation because it can lead to some negative consequences on the Middle East peace process A 1,000yearold hoard of gold coins has been unearthed at a famous Crusader battleground where Christian and Muslim forces once fought for control of the Holy Land, Israeli archaeologists said on Wednesday. Mexico signs ACTA US quietly prepares for naval clash with Iran in Strait of Hormuz Germany introduces easy parking spots for women Australian Govt defends need to snoop on online and phone records Sales tax in Spain jumps to 21% Three African migrants hurt in Israeli arson attack Israeli police said it appeared to have been a racist attack The Next Holy Grail for Physics End of empire for Western universities? Women Who Refuse to Die  Prime Minister Tony Blair was briefed on the UK's files about UFO sightings in 1998, newly declassified MoD documents have revealed. Australian scientists have found that two different vaccines used to control an infectious disease in chickens can recombine to create new lethal virus strains Report U.S. sends forces to Persian Gulf ahead of possible clash with Iran Over 100 Nigerians burnt to death in fuel tanker explosion  the vehicle did not immediately burst into flames so people rushed to scoop up the fuel, but the tanker then exploded, burning many of them to death. Syria's Ambassador to Iraq Defects  says Syrian regime has become an instrument to kill people and their aspiration to freedom. So thirsty he called police Coroner slams hospital staff who refused dying patient's desperate pleas for water Head of women's affairs in Afghanistan killed by car bomb in latest act of violence against women Too big to fail  too lofty to learn?  With investigators zeroing in on over a dozen big banks in the Libor rate rigging scandal, the timing couldn't be better for a structural overhaul of Europes banking sector. Not so fast, says the banking lobby.  China blocks searches of the word truth A Quiet Revolution Drug Decriminalisation Policies in Practice Across the Globe  Evidence from 23 countries shows decriminalizing drugs doesn't increase use Indian Government Spends $1.3 Million To Stop Auction Of Gandhi Letters That May Show He Was Gay Pair disembowelled child rapist in UK Prison India refuses to hike cancer drug price Germany tells Jews, Muslims they will be free to circumcise London Olympics Bans NonMcDonald's Fries Iranian father arrested for son's facebook page activity while at school in the Netherlands Business Insider Iceland hires excop to hunt down financiers which wrecked its economy Ethnic Cleansing in Myanmar Merkel backs circumcision after German court calls it illegal and states, it is a right China airline thanks passengers for foiling hijack Syrian troops using tanks and helicopters have massacred more than 200 people in the central province of Hama The mosque was shelled, it collapsed, and that killed the people in it. The United States today hit Iran with a raft of economic restrictions, reported the Associated Press, a move that comes within weeks of a July 1 European Union oil embargo on Islamic Republic. Britain embarrassed by Olympics security shortfall  Britain could be forced to deploy thousands of extra troops in London during the Olympics, after a lastminute security blunder dealt an embarrassing blow to the government just two weeks before the Games. Israeli soldiers have once again crossed into Lebanon in clear violation of the country's sovereignty and a UN Security Council resolution International Survey  Crisis Batters Global Faith in Capitalism Saudi Arabia Will Send Two Women to the Olympics. Mexico runnerup files legal challenge  Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, who finished second in July 1 vote, accuses the winner of breaking campaign finance laws. Tibetan monk beaten to death by Chinese officials German Circumcision Ban Is it a parent's right to choose? MI6 chief Iran 2 years from nuclear bomb.  Cuba receives first US shipment in 50 years. London Olympic committee says you're only allowed to link to their site if you have nice things to say Daily Beast Tim Geithner was aware of LIBOR rate fixing in 2007, but chose not to do anything Philippines Says China Warship Is in Its Territory  ABC News Russian Ship with Attack Helicopters for Syrian Regime Sets Sail Again  This Time Under A Russian Flag and a Flotilla Including a Destroyer 70,000 Condoms is not enough in Olympic Village Belgian nuclear power plant has been leaking radioactive water for 6 years. A Quebec woman who was once active in a youth group that fought stereotypes against Muslims has been charged with terrorism for allegedly trying to smuggle weapons to Hezbollah. 240,000 people ordered to evacuate their homes in Kyushu, southern Japan, due to relentless rain storms. US strengthens its military might in the Gulf  The United States has deployed a fleet of robot subs in the Gulf to prevent Iran from blocking the strategic Strait of Hormuz Pakistan military to receive 1B dollars from USA after apology A World Without Coral Reefs
No Hope Left for Global Coral Reef Ecosystem Ecologist  Vatican posts $19 million deficit, worst in years | The Salt Lake Tribune China's Inner Network Of 'Princelings' Runs Kleptocratic Oligarchy Corruption Spreads Throughout Society As An Estimated $50 Billion A Year Leaves The Country, Followed By Officials, Families Russia's lower house OKs curbs on Internet, media and activists  latimes.com New Country, South Sudan is Hell  Tens of Thousands of Refugees, Starvation, and War.   Libor They all knew  and no one acted Israeli sentenced to 2.5 years in prison in U.S. for dealing kidneys  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Chavez says Venezuela is no threat to anyone Irans Aging Airliner Fleet Seen as Faltering Under U.S. Sanctions Japan's 'manmade' nuclear fiasco | The Japan Times Online Nigerian suicide bomber attacks mosque, kills 5 In one hour, there will be fireworks at the Eiffel Tower for our national day, the 14th of July. Watch it live ! In Mexico, Central American immigrants under fire Mexican papers halt crime coverage for fear of reprisals. Iceland Has Hired An ExCop To Hunt Down The Bankers That Wrecked Its Economy London is now considered to be the moneylaundering capital of the world A skeptic faces possible charges for debunking Mumbais miracle statue Sanal Edamaruku faces a Catholic backlash after insisting that the holy water dripping from a statue of Christ in Mumbai, India, came from a leaky drain A gang of about a dozen armed people stormed into a church youth campout near Mexico City and went on an hourslong rampage of beatings, robberies and rape Highway 16 in Canada has become known as the 'Highway of Tearsecause dozens of women have disappeared along its route. Many of them have been killed, most of them First Nation indigenous peoples. The police have shown little interest in solving the crimes. More than 381,000 infected in Chinese outbreak  A Village council in India has issued a Talibanlike diktat banning women under the age of 40 from falling in love, using mobile phones or going out in public unescorted. One in 10 UK prisoners is a former soldier, new research reveals  Japan Recalls Ambassador to China  NYTimes.com A freak wave of tornadoes ripped through northern Poland on Sunday [15 July 2012], wrecking houses and swathes of forest and leaving one person dead and another 10 injured. Vive La France ... And Its High Taxes On The Wealthy Protester in Tel Aviv, Israel set himself on fire this evening. Gang of gunmen go on rape, robbery, beating rampage at church youth campout near Mexico City Red Cross Syrian conflict now a civil war Cambodian workers on 10 a week making Olympics 'fanwear  Adidas, the sportswear company, is facing an investigation over claims that Cambodian workers are being paid 10 a week in basic wages to make official merchandise for the London Olympics.  Waning Patience Germany Rejects Greek Plea For More Time Hillary Clinton motorcade pelted with tomatoes, shoes in Egypt; Protesters chanted Monica, Monica,  thestar.com It's Official China Is Slowing Down   But how slow is the slowdown?  Five cities named alternative capitals in case Tokyo devastated by next Big One NYT US builds criminal cases in interestrate fixing scandal ...violence between Buddhists and Muslims in Rakhine flared after three Muslims were detained following the rape and killing of a Buddhist woman.  More than 60 people were killed and thousands of homes destroyed in sectarian clashes that followed. Overland pipeline bypassing Strait of Hormuz goes into operation  Move by UAE aims to neutralize Iranian threat to cut off oil Chinese city wages war on piranhas  One man out of 55 survives on lost boat Son Iranian dad arrested for my Facebook posts Calls to destroy the Pyramids were a hoax, begun by a satirical twitter account, which western news outlets took as fact. Tasmanian cops decline to 'censor internet content' Mexican drug cartels' spreading influence Graphic Gang rapes SEVEN girls during violent night time attack on church youth camp in Mexico City 35.8% of children in Fukushima have cysts in their thyroid, compared to 0.8% of children in a control group. Egyptian Protesters Chant Monica To Hillary Clinton Light sentence in brutal murder shows double standard for Jews, Palestinians
 Springsteen cut off because of curfew. Guitarist calls Britain a police state.  Hardheaded Socialism Makes Canada Richer Than U.S.  U.S. Navy ship fires at boat in Persian Gulf  1 killed, 3 injured Sri Lanka names a newly found fresh water fish after Dawkins. Huge antinuclear demonstration staged in Tokyo  
Tens of thousands of people took to the streets in Tokyo on Monday to demand a stop to nuclear power. It is the latest sign of a growing antinuclear sentiment among the Japanese population.  Hollande keeps another election promise no presumtion of self defense for police [Google translate of French Reuters] The judge due to hear Kim Dotcom's extradition case has referred to the US as the enemy in a discussion about copyright law The Worlds Last Worm A Dreaded Disease Nears Eradication  In 1986 there were 3.5 million cases, as compared with only 1,060 in 2011 and a mere five as of the first few months of 2012. Germany Not Immune To Bank Fiasco 'In Germany we have a problem with the bigger banks, but no one is talking about it,' said Dr Mechthild Schrooten, professor of economics ... 'It is not clear how big a banking problem there is, I wouldn't even want to begin to guess, but it has a lot of zeroes.' Taliban imposes ban on polio vaccination campaign in tribal areas. Spanish Journalist Describes Seeing the Aftermath of the Tremseh Massacre  
A freelance photojournalist who visited the town after reports of a recent massacre the says he saw 1sthand the evidence of heavy artillery & mass executions by the Syrian government. N. Korean media Army chief relieved of all posts Kim Jong Un's top military official has been removed from all posts because of illness, state media said in a surprise announcement that shakes the core of the authoritarian country's power structure Israel's second summer of discontent  One year after waves of protests in Tel Aviv, thousands are taking to the streets again, demanding political reforms. The mood darkened over the weekend following the selfincineration of an activist.  The bodies of over 500 penguins have washed up on beaches in southern Brazil in the past week. A world of plenty....Countries ignore global warming to mine shale gas  Libya's Olympic chief kidnapped London 2012 difficult day on roads and rail as countdown to Olympics starts  32mile backup in London as VIP Games lanes open | Telegraph Gazans visit relatives jailed in Israel Israel has allowed 40 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to visit relatives held in Israeli jails, the first such visits in five years, following a deal to end a prisoners' hunger strike. The Average Canadian is Now Richer than the Average American Canadians favor decriminalizing marijuana TSA agents to staff UK airports during Olympics HSBC allowed Mexican drug cartels to launder billions of dollars through its US operations as well as providing money and banking services to some banks in Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh believed to have helped fund alQaeda and other terrorist groups. Ten Years After Decriminalization, Drug Abuse Down by Half in Portugal
 New Zealand Parents deny daughter lifesaving transplant girl suffering a rare kidney disease has been put into the guardianship of the High Court because her Jehovah's Witness parents will not consent to her receiving a lifesaving kidney and liver transplant French seek arrest of 97 years old Nazi in Hungary for his role in the deportation of 15,700 Jews to Auschwitz.

 US warship fired on a boat after it ignored warnings off the coast of the United Arab Emirates In March, 24yearold Yorkshireman David Simpson stumbled across the mutilated bodies of 13 men in an African forest. He is now in jail charged with their murder... Needles found in sandwiches on 4 U.S.bound Delta flights that left Sunday from Amsterdam, injuring one passenger. Disney heir divests from Israeli cosmetics company Ahava because it operates in the occupied Palestinian territories. Syria now officially in a state of civil war, according to the Red Cross.  This means that the Geneva Conventions (and prosecution of war crimes) now applies. BlairBush Iraq war transcript may be suppressed Israel Begins Rounding Up and Interning Africans  Africanglobe Beaten, stripped and burned with cigarettes for 45 minutes Horrific video of attack on young woman by mob of 20 men in India sparks outrage after it was posted on YouTube

 500 dead penguins wash up along Brazil's beaches Oil Companies Spring a Leak, Courtesy of 
Anonymous | Threat Level | Wired.com Egypt's new president considers lifting the blockade on Gaza. Israeli ignites protests with selfimmolation  Features  Al Jazeera English Man Who Bit Into Needle Found in Sandwiches on Delta Flight Put on AntiHIV Medication  ABC News 150m skyscraper ablaze as fire tears through Polat Tower in Istanbul A large blaze has broken out in a 42story tower block in the center of the Turkish city of Istanbul South Africa says 281 of the country's endangered rhinoceros have been killed by poachers in the first six months of the year. A pervasively polluted culture allowed HSBC to faciliate clients involved in money laundering Kadima quits Israel government over conscription law    Israel's Kadima party has left Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government in a dispute over military conscription for ultraOrthodox Jews. Gaza Christians protest 'forcible conversions'  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Girls denied cervical cancer jab  Some schools in England have opted out of the HPV vaccination programme because their pupils follow strict Christian principles and do not practise sex outside marriage. WikiLeaks Reopens Channel For Credit Card Donations, Dares Visa And MasterCard To Block Them Again | Forbes Antipiracy group fined...for stealing music. Syrian Defense Minister confirmed killed in Damascus blast. Blast hits Israeli tour bus in Bulgaria BBC banned from airing London Riots Docudrama  Megaupload judge quits case after US 'is enemy' comment Denmark is trying to encourage bicycle commuting to Copenhagen by promoting socalled cycle superhighways China airline crew rewarded with cars and cash for foiling hijack Hainan Airlines Group gave nine crew members Audi cars, cash and property Court demands secret files on US lack jails Several killed, wounded in terror attack against Israelis in Bulgaria Twothirds of Spaniards aged below 30 still live at home with their parents Wounded Indian fisherman US Navy vessel gave no warning before firing Average Chinese person's carbon footprint now equals European's  The per capita emissions of the world's largest national emitter is almost on a par with the European average, new figures show
 
 
Millions of savers being misled by City fund managers about hidden fees that can almost halve the value of their pensions, yearlong study finds The judge overseeing the Kim Dotcom extradition case has stepped down after making comments suggesting the United States was the enemy Kim Jong Un's government begins to ease persecution of criminals' extended families.  Taliban bomb destroys 22 NATO supply trucks in Afghan north Indian doctors illegally removed wombs from poor women in order to claim money from a national insurance scheme, the state's health minister said on Wednesday. Court ruling preventing BBC docudrama on London riots being aired to be challenged. Northern Mali has become a magnet for Islamic extremists who have imposed a strict form of justice that is prompting tens of thousands of people to flee what some are likening to an African Afghanistan Bank of England votes 72 to print money  Policymakers meanwhile voted unanimously to keep the BoE's main interest rate at a record low 0.50%, where it has stood for over 3 years. A Tanzanian ferry carrying at least 250 people has sunk near the island of Zanzibar. Disillusioned German Islamists Returning Home to Germany Reactor building of Shika nuclear plant in Ishikawa might sit on an active fault Drug decriminalization in Portugal decreases number of addicts 96,000 pounds of Silver, possibly the largest discovery in history, was found in the North Atlantic. Canadian Mining Company Destroys Panama rainforest, destroys local people's livelihood Married Olympic couple cant room together, claim discrimination for being a heterosexual couple. Infant buried alive minutes after birth.  Father It was my will because she was my child and every person has the right to do anything with their children Shell could face huge fine for Nigeria spill  Nigerian agency tells parliament oil giant should pay $5bn for environmental damage caused by offshore leak last year. Canada B.C. launches massive new program to wipe out HIV/AIDS by testing everyone in the province who has ever been sexually active using an HIV antibody test that produces results in about 30 seconds Rupert Murdoch faces shareholder revolt at News Corporation AGM Aust Government to force citizens to hand over internet passwords  sending you to jail if you refuse. A top Muslim cleric in Russia's Tatarstan province was shot dead Thursday and another was wounded by a car bomb, attacks that the province's leader and local religious authorities said were probably related to the priests' criticism of radical Islamists. Beyond Foxconn More Dirt on the Factories Making Your iPhone  Troubling new findings cast doubt on Apple's highly publicized promise to improve  conditions in its overseas factories. Using surveys, onsite visits, undercover investigations, & facetoface interviews, 10 factories were evaluated. French rightwing lawmakers raised their eyebrows and hooted as minister of territories and housing, Ccile Duflot, took to the podium because she was wearing a floral dress. UK Border Agency Staff To Go On Strike One Day Before The Olympics
 Russia, China veto westernbacked Syria resolution at UN Security Council Russia's Moderate Muslim leaders attacked in Tatarstan Ian Tomlinson death PC not guilty Mexico Admits to 67 Journalists Murdered Since 2006  Press advocates have long called Mexico one of the most dangerous nations for journalists. But there is little agreement about the numbers killed. As China Squeezes Nepal, Tibetan Escape Route Narrows Tibetans seeking to flee Chinese rule are finding their traditional passage of escape  via the Himalayan nation of Nepal  far more fraught and difficult than before  Mexican Teen's brothel escape triggers clampdown... No sign of Assad after bomb kills kin, rebels close in  Reuters This Is Not A Composite Photo  site of an aluminum oxide plant burst in Hungary Syrian rebels now control all border post between Syria and Iraq Young gorillas seen dismantling poachers traps Hong Kong Imported 10 Million Kilograms of Shark Fins Last Year | Extinction Countdown, Scientific American Blog Network Australian Government Moves to Expand Surveillance Powers 'AG Roxon calls for making it easier for law enforcement and intelligence agencies to spy on Twitter and Facebook users... likely be achieved by compelling companies to create backdoors to enable surveillance.' Lenovo CEO distributes his $3 Million USD Bonus to his 10,000 Employees  In China Man Saves Drowning Family, Drowning Family Leave Man To Die Because It's Not Their Business HSBC, accused of financial dealings linked to terrorists and drug cartels, heads to Senate subcommittee  latimes.com Vast aquifer found in Namibia could last for centuries  A newly discovered water source in Namibia could have a major impact on development in the driest country in subSaharan Africa. Spanish rallies turn violent as million people protest in 80 cities Demonstrators carried flags and banners decorated with scissors, symbolizing the country's harsh spending cuts. The streets of Madrid were paralyzed by the boundless crowds of people Huge explosion in Damascus, WiFi and 3G cutoff  RT reporter  RT That large event that see very fit people converge every four years has a list of restricted words that is being enforced by 300 uniformed persons in an effort to protect the sponsors of said event. (Video) Former Mexican president Legalize drugs to fight cartels UK Judge Apple must run ads saying Samsung DIDN'T copy the iPad 300 radioactive Japanese cars stopped at Russian border Syria conflict West 'appalledy Russia China UN veto Exclusive Kim to reform North Korean economy after purge source
| Reuters Silvio Berlusconi will probably run for prime minister for a seventh time. 
Iran denies Israeli claims on Bulgaria attack Fukushima children have abnormal thyroid growths  Business Insider Bulgarian media have named the suicide bomber who blew up the bus with Israeli tourists on Wednesday, killing seven. The terrorist is alleged to be Mehdi Ghezali, an AlgerianSwedish Islamist who spent two years in Guantanamo Bay U.A.E. Police Treating US Navy's Gulf Shooting as Murder Solar industry trade war heats up   German solar firms are preparing antidumping litigation against China in an effort to curb cheap panel imports often backed by state subsidies. The German government is supporting the move.  Russia and China veto UN resolution on Syria  Not everyone hates Bashar alAssad. Some people even like the Syrian president. But they're afraid to admit it. 'Bigotryehind burning of Polish flags in Belfast must stop, warns group  Maciek Bator, founder of the Polish Association in Northern Ireland, has described the burning of his country's national flag by loyalists on bonfires in Northern Ireland as despicable.  Spanish firemen strip naked to protest spending cuts With so many cuts we have been left naked, declared a banner on the wall above them. Historic first, Canadian sub sinks a ship Azerbaijan Army Officer Shot Dead By Armenian Sniper Brazil removes diplomats from Syria  Kim JongUn May Have Just Suppressed a Coup AntiPutin girl punk band to stay in jail its as if someone else is throwing a party in our house, with a huge entry fee, and were all locked in the basement.  Source Kim to reform North Korean economy after purge Spain king ousted as honorary president of World Wildlife Fund branch after elephant hunt Russian city prosecutes 73 people for homosexual propaganda Police arrested actors for spilling custard, say Olympic protesters Iranians Use Facebook To Say 'No' To Compulsory Hijab In Scotland we have a man nicknamed The Naked Rambler. He's an exmarine who has spent the past six years in prison for being naked in public. He was released three days ago. He's just been arrested again... Saudi Arabia warns nonMuslims not to eat, drink, smoke in public on Ramadan, or face expulsion BBC News  London 2012 Outrage over artist banned from Olympics Two more Syrian generals defect, flee to Turkey overnight  World News Bodies of 14 CriticallyEndangered Sumatran Tigers Seized in Indonesia  We confiscated whole preserved bodies of 14 tigers, a lion, 3 leopards, a clouded leopard, 3 bears & a tapir & a tiger head.  Tiger body parts are prized in the  traditional Chinese medicine market.   27 killed, 26 injured in Mexico bus crash. Bahraini police fire tear gas on thousands of protesters (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Sweden says freed Guantanamo captive was not bomber in Bulgaria  BostonHerald.com 2012 Olympics  Runner without country to compete at Olympics  ESPN Creepy Olympic mascots take over London 
Pussy Riot jailed for six more months Japan reduces radiation exposures of cleanup crews with lead lined detectors. Japanese rocket sends cargo craft to space station Fukushima's Uncertainty Problem  Science holds few definitive answers for those worried about radiation exposure.  Why can't it do better? Because it's guesswork.   How much radioactivity was released? Who was exposed & when?  How does it effect the human body?  Graphic interview of alleged church camp rapists angers Mexico The seizure of whiteowned farms was a disaster for Zimbabwe, but amid that pain, thousands of people got small farm plots and many ended up faring pretty well Chinese woman looks much better after doctors remove 70 tumours from her face $21tn hoard hidden from taxman by global elite Pakistani policeman kills sister for wearing jeans 3 Vietnamese Soldiers Held for Torturing, Killing 2 Rare Monkeys & Posting the Photos on Facebook   Some show one of the monkeys, believed to be pregnant, being forced to smoke a cigarette before being tortured & killed.  The men were detained after the Facebook pics triggered outrage. Why Mexico's Nascent Youth Movement Continues to Agitate Some international elections observers have confirmed what many Mexicans thought  the recent elections in Mexico were characterized by massive fraud Teenagers kidnapped, tortured, bashed and sexually assaulted a 12 year old autistic child as part of a depraved attack in suburban Townsville.

 Rupert Murdoch resigns as News International director Spanish protests swell as jobless march on Madrid Norway's Prime Minister's speech one year after the massacre on Utya. Dramatic New Maya Temple Found, Covered With Giant Faces Madagascar Army Base in Mutiny Blast rocks Egypt's gas pipeline to Israel and Jordan

| Reuters Japan to investigate radiation coverup claims   A subcontractor hired after the nuclear disaster at Fukushima is reported to have told workers to cover up devices meant to detect unsafe levels of radiation. Japan's health ministry is looking into the matter.  The deadly earthquake that leveled Haiti's capital more than two years ago brought a thread of hope a promise of renewal. . . . Today, the fruits of an ambitious, $1.8 billion U.S. reconstruction promise are hard to find. With Syria imploding, is Hezbollah next?
Hezbollahs loyalty to the brutal regime in Syria is costing it support and exacerbating divisions in Lebanon Spiegel IMF to provide no new funds to Greece Rupert Murdoch Resigns as Head of News International Rolling Stone Mobile  Politics  Politics Global Warming's Terrifying New Math Prosecutors in Chile are investigating 61 schools in the capital, Santiago, over allegations that pupils were sexually abused.  Heaviest rains in 60 years kill 10 in Beijing Iraq Sends Troops To Seal Borders Against Syrian Rebels, Evacuates Iraqi Nationals From Damascus   Tony Blair admits that Labor didn't understand the finance sector that they were entrusted to manage. World renowned writer and activist Alexander Cockburn dead at 71  nytimes Palestinian dies after 'fall' while in custody.  Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed the bill ratifying the country's accession into the World Trade Organization after 18 years of complicated negotiations.  Wealthy hiding up to $2132 trillion offshore  Super rich hiding up to $32 trillion offshore, which amounts to roughly the US and Japanese GDP combined. Up to $280bn is lost in tax revenues. Some of the world's biggest banks are involved HSBC, Citigroup, Bank of America, UBS, Credit Suisse Israel orders demolition of 8 palestinian villages claims need for idf training land Anthrax Hits Glasgow The Story of a Desperate Hunt for its Source  When heroin users in Scotland began dying from a powerful infection, health officials were alarmed to find the culprit was anthrax. A desperate hunt for the source involved police, microbiologists & bioweaponeers. Syria says will use chemical weapons if attacked  Farmers armed with machineguns, rocketpropelled grenades and mortars forced government troops to abandon an operation to destroy their illegal cannabis crop in Lebanon's Bekaa Valley on Monday Officials Egypt allowing Palestinians to enter without permits, visas, ending Gaza blockade  Yahoo! News Germany and IMF to Refuse Greece Further Financial Aid Japan police arrest 4 journalists for selling a magazine issue that focused on how to backup DVDs. They might also arrest the CEO of Amazon Japan. They violated Japan's Unfair Competition Prevention Law that was recently revised to make illegal the sale of any DRM circumvention device or software. Libor arrests in US could be imminent, say sources Affluent Vietnamese Driving Rhino Horn Poaching in South Africa  
Conspicuous consumption from a growing middle class is opening a new market in the illegal wildlife trade.  Several Vietnamese diplomats have been recalled after being caught with rhino horn. Greece now in Great Depression  Greek Prime Minister Tens of thousands protest in Mexico against new president At least 32,000 protesters marched through Mexico City on Sunday to protest the imposition of the new president. They accuse presidentelect Enrique Pena Nieto, a member of the old ruling party, of electoral fraud German intelligence alQaeda all over Syria among rebels. Reports say these groups complicit in massacres. German Gov't notes the content of these reports was to remain classified by reason of national interest. The Swedish Young Pirates association was evicted from a municipal festival for giving out free waffles; they were targeted with eviction because the traditional festival waffle makers couldn't get paid anymore Disgusted by Her Dating, Man Beheads His Daughter, 20, In India Belize Ponders Marijuana Decriminalization BBC News  Tax havens Superrich 'hiding' at least $21tn Prosecutors, regulators close to making Libor arrests An Israeli lawmaker has torn up a copy of the New Testament in front of cameras in his parliament office. Food price crisis feared as erratic weather wreaks havoc on crops
'What the world economy really needs right now is a break', one economist says, but instead it appears headed toward upheaval
 This is how racism takes root First fuel rods removed from Fukushima Daiichi plant Japanese workers told to underplay Fukushima radiation dosage A subcontractor urged workers at Japan's stricken Fukushima nuclear power plant to put lead around radiation detection devices in order to stay under a safety threshold for exposure, according to reports Japanese authorities investigate bogus readings at Fukushima plant  Subcontractors accused of covering gauges with lead plates so they could remain longer at the tsunamihit plant Palestinian prisoner ends 102day hunger strike  longest hunger strike in human history How the Norwegians Reacted to Terrorism The Norwegian response to violence is more democracy, more openness and greater political participation, said the prime minister. A year later it seems the prime minister has kept his word US evangelical Christians accused of promoting homophobia in Africa
 Iranian nuclear facilities hit by AC/DC virus that turns off automated system operations, turns on PCs at night playing 'Thunderstruck' King Juan Carlos of Spain ousted from, 'World Wildlife Fund', presidency  a title hed held since 1968  after hunting elephants in Botswana  A photo of him with a rifle & a dead elephant caused outrage. He was also criticized  for an ostentatious lifestyle when 1 in 4 Spaniards are out of work. 
 UN Israel urged to treat Palestinian child detainees in accordance with rights law Israels use of solitary confinement against children flagrantly violates international human rights standards How Finland keeps its head above eurozone crisis  What has Finland done right? Its economy is dominated by services but it is competitive in manufacturing. Income per person is among the highest in western Europe  and its revenues are bigger than its debt Occupy the Dam Brazil's Indigenous Uprising In the Amazonian backcountry, tribes are challenging construction of the world's thirdlargest dam  by dismantling it. Here's what they can teach us about standing up to power Phone hacking Rebekah Brooks, Andy Coulson and six others face charges Romania is sliding unremarked into despotism. [India] Bhopal Gas tragedy victims to hold Bhopal Olympics on July 26, a day ahead of the London Olympics to oppose sponsorship of the Olympic Games by Dow Chemical which continues to evade civil, criminal and environmental liabilities of Bhopal inherited from Union Carbide Egypt lifts 5year blockade of Gaza, allowing Palestinians free entry  RT House of Lords says make maths compulsory for all A level students A Land Without Guns How Japan Has Virtually Eliminated Shooting Deaths Private banking's cosy world under siege With banking secrecy increasingly under threat, private banks may have to organise ever more trips to the Arctic to keep their customers loyal. Ghana President Mills dead Iran warns Arab countries not to intervene in Syria, threatening them with retaliation if they do Syria 'war planes bomb Aleppo'   Fighter jets have reportedly launched bomb attacks on Syria's second city of Aleppo, which, if confirmed, would be the first time Assad forces had used war planes against citizens.  There is an epidemic of stabbings against doctors in China When the doctor in Harbin was stabbed to death, netizens were cheering for the murderer, says 26yearold Liang Yingcong, a doctor at Peking University First Hospital in Beijing. There is something wrong with society.  
 
First Nations leaders shocked by oilsands Buddhist attacks on the Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar have picked up over the last few weeks following the rape and murder of a Buddhist woman in May. Shock discovery 248 human embryos found trashed in Russian forest. A fishing trip in Russia's Urals ended with cries of horror as a man found canisters filled with human embryos, some already shaped to baby bodies China Sends Troops to Disputed Islands 'Super cereal' feeds Mali's malnourished kids A 300yearold skull with traces of brain tissue has been located by divers excavating the royal ship Kronan in the waters off the Baltic Sea island of land. Will London Really Erase Banksy's New Olympics Art? Gorillas Seen Destroying and Dismantling  Poachers' Snares In Rwanda  BBC News  Gay marriage to be introduced in Scotland A Mexican official says the CIA and other international security forces don't fight drug traffickers as much as try to manage the drug trade  It's like pest control companies, if you finish off the pests, you are out of a job. If they finish the drug business, they finish their jobs. Six women rape man to death The world is closer to a food crisis than most realize 11 year old sneaks on to flight , ends up in italy Kim Jong Un gets married. Street Art banned in London ahead of Olympics, Artists banned from going within a mile of any venue. Gun control debate about to go international.  The first draft of a new U.N. treaty to regulate the multibillion dollar global arms trade has sparked criticism Burma's monks call for Muslim community to be shunned  the Rohingya  one of the world's most oppressed groups Julian Assange defence to be led by Spanish jurist Baltasar Garzn, renowned human rights investigator who indicted Augusto Pinochet Wikileaks says famous Spanish judge Baltasar Garzon, best known for indicting former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet in 1998, to lead Assange legal team 20% of all Spanish Homes Currently Sit Empty Why is India so bad for women? The US Central Intelligence Agency and other international security forces don't fight drug traffickers, a spokesman for the Chihuahua state government in northern Mexico has told Al Jazeera, instead they try to manage the drug trade Sanford I. Weill former Citigroup chief who helped to destroy what remained of the wall between commercial and investment banking is effectively advocating its return. The First Person in the World to be Cured of HIV.... Beijing flooded and coated in mud, and the government doesn't want to talk about it 700m smuggling tunnel found between Ukraine and EU Turkey sealed its border with Syria to all traffic except refugees on Wednesday, citing worsening security conditions following escalating skirmishes close to the frontier which last week saw rebel fighters capture at least two crossing points. Tony Blair denies praying with George Bush Archaeologists have unearthed a skeleton believed to be the body of Lisa Gherardini, the Florentine noblewoman widely believed to have served as the muse for Leonardo da Vinci's 'Mona Lisa' Indonesia's condom campaign to fight Aids criticised by religious groups  Approach to preventing HIV and Aids draws accusations from conservative Muslims that government is promoting promiscuity Canadian spy 'sold Australian intel to Russia'  Australian and Canadian officials are reportedly in discussions about a spy who allegedly passed information from Australia and the US to a foreign power. Denied visa by US to attend an International AIDS conference, sex workers hold parallel conference  in Kolkata French President Francois Hollande has called for a 75 percent income tax on top earners in France to help lower the country's deficit Hugo Chvez tells Venezuelans to drink juice not Coke urges people to buy statemade Uvita to boost consumption of homegrown products and reduce imports China arrests thousands in latest internet crime crackdown  More than 10,000 suspects have been arrested and 600 criminal gangs busted, 3.2 million harmful messages deleted, and 30 internet service providers punished for granting access to unlicensed sites I'll legalise gay marriage by 2015, vows Britain's PM German Uboat may be at the bottom of a Canadian river, far from the ocean Chinese maker of U.S. Olympic uniforms baffled by backlash Turkey cuts off trade with Syria   The New Zealand parliament will vote to legalise gay marriage Ecuador seeks to stop 'evil' of Julian Assange US extradition Banksy's commentary on the Olympic Games might be destroyed War voyeurs Israeli tourists watch Syria battles from safe distance. Armed with binoculars and cameras, tourists in Israel are flocking to the Golan Heights in the hope of seeing the bloody conflict in neighboring Syria, sparking a trend among tour operators North Korean Olympic footballers walk off the pitch as South Korean flag mistakenly displayed
 Unspinning The Narrative Of A Syrian Massacre  
At least 100 people were killed in the village of Tremseh earlier this month. Activists called it a massacre of innocent civilians by government forces, but later reports suggest something different. Here's some untold details about the killing. Bo Xilai's Wife Charged With Murder  
Gu Kailai, wife of disgraced Chinese political leader, has been charged with murder of British businessman Neil Heywood, who was found dead in a hotel in Chongqing in November. BBA warned weekly about Libor says former ratecompiler   British Bankers Association was given weekly warnings in 2008 that the process of setting the Libor interest rates was being distorted.  The BBA denies these amounted to warnings of wrongdoing. Iran accuses Israel of plotting Bulgaria bus attack Iran's U.N. envoy accused Israel of plotting and carrying out a suicide bomb attack on a bus in Bulgaria a week ago in which five Israeli tourists were killed India's Bans Tiger Tourism  It's banned across the country in aim  to protect the endangered cats. India is home to over 1/2 the world's 3,200 tigers, most of in reserves. Ban is temporary pending decision on some states that allowed hotels, resorts & shops in the core of the reserves. HSBC fined $27.5m for 'money laundering' German UBoat wreck found 100 km inland. Taiwan's national flag was taken down from Regent Street 3 days before the Olympics but no explanation was given.  Whole Afghan family works in brick factory to pay off crushing healthcare debt of $900 UK in longest doubledip recession in 50 years UK economy contracts by a shock 0.7pc Horrific death of boy, 12, drowned in boiling water after robbers raped and killed his mother  Sea Shepherd founder Paul Watson warrant issued, leaves Germany; destination unknown UK border officers let known drug smugglers through as they are overwhelmed with tourists arriving for the Olympics.  Cuban president Ral Castro willing to hold nolimits talks with America Sweden officially registers Kopimism a religion  whose central dogma is that file sharing is sacred. Police made up evidence against Muslim student Disfigured victim's plea to die exposes India's acid violence
 Mitt Romney does the impossible Gets Brits to stop moaning and start cheering about Olympics Kim Jongun Has Actually Been Married for Three Years  UK Prime minister Cameron soon rebuked Romney. We are holding an Olympic Games in one of the busiest, most active, bustling cities anywhere in the world. Of course, it's easier if you hold an Olympic Games in the middle of nowhere, he said. Population of Jewish settlements in West Bank up 15,000 in a year Bhopal victims stage own Olympics to protest Dow sponsorship Dozens of disabled kids aged 5 to 16 have participated in 10 sports. Survivors of 1984 Bhopal disaster, one of worlds worstever industrial catastrophes, held their own Games to protest against London Olympics sponsored by Dow Chemical Husband tortured, wife gangraped, son drowned in boiling water and pet dog gutted in murder of family that shocked even South Africa.  

 Twitter joke trial UK man wins 'airport bomb threat' court battle. Paul Chambers, found guilty of sending a menacing tweet threatening to blow up Robin Hood Airport in S.Yorkshire, has won an appeal in Britains High Court Since 1975 the countries now in the euro zone have given birth to just one company currently among the worlds 500 biggest (ironically it is from Spain Inditex); by contrast California alone has created 26. Mass arrests as London police attack 'Critical Mass' cycle ride during Olympic ceremony Chinese farmer travels from China to London, in a rickshaw, to attend the Olympic games. A 2 years epic journey. Russia seeks to set up naval bases abroad  Naval chief confirms talks with Cuba, Vietnam and the Seychelles about setting up overseas facilities for Russian ships Narconomics | The Economist Add faith in the work ethic and in capitalism to the lengthening list of casualties from the Great Recession. Four years after Lehman Brothers fiasco, a new Pew survey finds citizens around the world less and less likely to believe that effort in a competitive economy can lead to success. Spanish Fishermen Receive Some of Biggest Fines in UK Maritime History  
Details emerged of falsified log books, false readings given for weighing fish at sea, and fiddling of fishing quota David Hicks, an Australian that spent five years in Guantanamo Bay, is now free to keep all profits from his memoir, as the Commonwealth has dropped its attempt to seize the proceeds under the 'proceeds of crime' law.  India bans Iran oil ships from its waters The United States will face a teethbreaking response if it continues to carry out cyber attacks against Iran, an Iranian official said on Wednesday. Republican dissidents join forces to form a new IRA The pointless building projects that dragged Spain into the red Aeromexico places $11 billion order with Boeing
| Reuters BBC News  Chilean Senator Fulvio Rossi's confession heats debate on legalising marijuana, that he partakes on occasion Angry Chinese occupy government office, smash computers in environment protest, seize bribes Snoop Dogg banned from Norway for 2 years after trying to enter the country with a small amount of pot Ebola Breaks Out in Uganda Killing 14 France forgives Ivory Coast's debt worth $4bn Saudi forces 'open fire' on protesters  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Saudi businessman cancels contracts with Russia due to their stance on Syria At least three banks seen central to Libor rigging Olympics opening ceremony was 'multicultural crap', Tory MP tweets Enbridge shuts down part of CanadaUS pipeline after oil spill in Wisconsin 
Chinese officials forced to cancel 2nd  industrial waste pipeline project in a month after 1,000 environmental protesters occupy office, overturn cars, destroy computers & beat police officers. Environmental worries have stoked calls for expanded rights for citizens.  Deadly Ebola virus breaks out in Uganda, 14 killed in western Uganda this month The Syrian opposition who's doing the talking? The media have been too passive when it comes to Syrian opposition sources, without scrutinising their backgrounds and their political connections. The acting Venezuelan envoy to Kenya was found dead at her official residence in Nairobi, and police said Friday she was murdered by strangulation. Federal police heads to roll in Germany  The leadership of Germany's Federal Police is to be replaced, according to various media reports quoting sources close to the government. Mexicans pay in blood for the US's war on drugs. 100,000 dead and counting. Spain unemployment hits new high at 24.6% China waste water pipeline scrapped after protest  Gorilla hangs himself by accident in Prague Zoo Ebola outbreak confirmed in Uganda. UN states fail to reach arms trade treaty With American and Iranian naval vessels operating in close proximity in the Persian Gulf there is  constant danger that a small incident could spark a major war.  Canada's Enbridge Inc, already under fire from U.S. regulators over a massive oil spill two years ago, said on Friday it had shut a key pipeline indefinitely after an oil leak in Wisconsin. US, Pakistan Officials Trade Accusations at Tense Conference U.N. states fail to reach global arms trade treaty. Monthlong conference on a new U.N. treaty to regulate the multibillion dollar global arms trade has failed. London Olympics 2012 Row after NBC drop opening ceremony '7/7 tribute' Woman sees wells built to fulfill her late daughter's wishes; 9yo hoped to raise $300 to bring clean water to an African village. After she died 32,000 people donated $1.27 million Vietnam to consider gay marriage, could become first country in Asia to legalise it Dominican Republic abortion ban stops treatment for pregnant teen with cancer A 16yrold girl, dying of acute leukemia, needs chemotherapy. But there's a problem the teen is pregnant and treatment would very likely terminate the pregnancy, a violation of Dominican antiabortion laws At 71, Hiroshi Hoketsu is the oldest competing Olympian in 92 years. Oxford University rewrites gender dress code  Oxford University students will no longer have to wear genderspecific academic clothing after concerns it was unfair to the transgender community Defense Minister Ehud Barak is evicting hundreds of Palestinian farmers and shepherds by declaring the land on which their villages stand 'firing zones.' During recent floods in Beijing the early warning system failed; police officers were reportedly busy ticketing stranded cars rather than helping citizens in need; and workers at toll plazas continued to collect fees as people desperately tried to escape the rising waters. The pattern in the reporting of the Syrian civil war suggests the opposition (possibly in collaboration with western governments) are trying to manipulate the media. The Obama administration has for now abandoned efforts for a diplomatic settlement to the conflict in Syria, and instead it is increasing aid to the rebels and redoubling efforts to rally a coalition of likeminded countries to forcibly bring down the government of President Bashar alAssad Japanese politicians perplexed by antinuclear protests Report Mubarak has $70 billion in banks Barclays executive blamed for Libor scandal given 8.75m payoff Former U.S. officials say CIA considers Israel to be Mideast's biggest spy threat Hundreds of Spaniards protested Sunday against the conservative government's proposal to roll back women's abortion rights, including in cases where the fetus is deformed. Hunting the Hunter  
In a remote patch of N India, poaching is so rampant that leopard skins & rare animal parts are sold from tea stalls. Along with a team of wildlife activists, journalists help track & pin down a notorious poacher. Here's how it happened. Breakout of Ebola virus is confirmed in Uganda 'Britons evaded 200m in tax' using HSBCowned Swiss bank Trade minister who headed banking division is facing further pressure
 
7 Nations Face Sanctions Over Endangered Species  
UN will penalize  Syria,  Paraguay, Nepal, Rwanda, Comoros, GuineaBissau, & Solomon Islands for lax rules or not reporting wildlife trade. They're traded for food, fuel, health care, religious items, collections, trophy hunting & other sport. Kenyan police say the acting Venezuelan ambassador to Kenya, found dead in her official home in Nairobi Friday, was strangled.  Amnesty International USA Blasts Obama Administration for Stunning Cowardice At UN Arms Talks US presents Israel with Iran strike plan  Al Jazeera speaks to captured Syrian secret police Chinese court dismisses fraud charge against rights activist Ni Yulan  Disabled lawyer has prison time cut by two months in small victory for China's human rights movement Syrian rebels survive regime onslaught in Aleppo  Italian embassy staff kidnapped in Yemen  Germany Breaks 25% Renewable Energy Barrier  It produced 67.9 billion kWh renewable energy in 1st 1/2 of 2012, an increase of 19.5% from last year. The world's top market for power converted from solar radiation, its installed capacity accounts for over 1/3 of global total. Tens of thousands including teachers and parents pushing strollers took to Hong Kong streets Sunday to protest the upcoming introduction of Chinese patriotism classes they fear will lead to brainwashing, the latest sign of growing discomfort over Beijing's influence in the semiautonomous territory. Pussy Riot Our arrest signals start of repression campaign to spread fear. Members of punk band who performed antiPutin song in Russias main cathedral plead not guilty. Its the start of repressive authoritarian campaign which aims to hamper publics political activity and build a sense of fear Couple stoned to death in Mali for having sex outside marriage Philippines birth control Filipinos want it, priests don't  In the Philippines, access to contraceptives is limited for the most part to those with the means to pay. The Catholic Church has fought a reproductive health bill in the legislature that would change that. South America finds a path to drug legalization. Pirate Bay Renames Itself to Olympic Bay, Steals Tagline Britain just signed a 25 year contract to let a private company take care of their nuclear stockpile. Uruguay Considers Legalizing Marijuana to Stop Traffickers Beijing's Real Olympic Hero Meet Ji Sizun, imprisoned for three years for daring to take China's promises of greater openness at the 2008 Games at face value. Deadly Ebola Virus Reaches Ugandan Capital Two Journalists Freed by Syrian Rebels After Weeklong Ordeal  Mr. Oerlemans said their captors apparently included no Syrian fighters, but instead jihadists from Bangladesh, Britain, Chechnya and Pakistan.  Female punk band goes on trial in Russia for Putin protest Air pollution turns Beijing into Greyjing Four Iranians Sentenced to Death Over $2.3 Bln Bank Fraud Pussy Riot will Vladimir Putin regret taking on Russia's cool women punks? Israeli troops kill Palestinian at checkpoint In Israel, at least 7 people have set themselves on fire over the last two weeks. Christchurch, New Zealand rebuild plans unveiled today to take advantage of this unprecedented opportunity to build a brand new modern city from scratch after the devastating earthquakes last year.  Iraq Police Training $200 Million Wasted On Police Development Program, Auditors Say Cat electrocuted; East Delhi goes powerless for 24 hours Across Latin America, leaders appalled by the spread of drugrelated violence are mulling policies that would have once been inconceivable. Uruguay Considers Legalizing Marijuana to Stop Traffickers  NYTimes.com In India, Anna Hazare again drawing crowds against corruption  

Thousands are once again assembling around antigraft campaigner Anna Hazare in New Delhi, setting up another major distraction for India's beleaguered government. Syrian troops vow to 'purge' Aleppo of rebels as assault continues  Syrian troops fired tank shells and artillery Sunday at neighbourhoods in Aleppo as rebels tried to repel a government ground assault against their positions in Syrias largest city, activists said. Power grids fail, leaving 600 million without power in India  A Stradivarius violin  possibly worth several million pounds  has been handed in at a Swiss lostproperty office after a hapless musician left it on a train.  Auschwitz era ends  A spokesperson for Auschwitz museum says the last surviving member of a group of prisoners that escaped the German Nazi concentration camp in 1942 has died. Story of a Chinese woman who found over 30 babies abandoned in the trash North Korea Now Under Control of Kim JongUn's Uncle Chinas Sex Worker Warrior Ye Haiyan Fights for Prostitutes Rights
  She campaigns to improve conditions & end discrimination for Chinas sex workers & AIDS victims scorned by society & abused by authorities. Her bid for empathy has even led her to work as a prostitute in a lowcost brothel. India Village Fears Being Swallowed by the Earth  

Residents, who live above coal fires that steadily consume the ground under their feet, say they are being sacrificed to corporate interests. In the 1960s  Indonesia's President Suharto, a majorgeneral at the time, led a military campaign that wipedout perhaps half a million people. It was covered up until recently. Many were completely innocent of any crime.  Police seize $500million worth of crystal meth and heroin. How WikiLeaks Revitalized Brazil's Media  
Cablegate did not just reveal secrets, it inspired a new culture of investigative journalism. US embassy in Norway evacuated due to bomb scare Power blackouts in half of India Highres photos show Syria's largest city at war. London 2012 G4S security guard accused of spitting at soldier and calling him aby killer' at Olympic archery event
 The sleepy hamlet of Mittenwalde in eastern Germany could become one of the richest towns in the world if Berlin were to repay it an outstanding debt that dates back to 1562. A certificate of debt...attests that Mittenwalde lent Berlin 400 guilders...to be repaid with six percent interest per year Ancient human figure unearthed in Turkey China Keeps Buying Irans Oil as U.S. and EU Intensify Sanctions. Mass blackout strikes India for second day France Passes a Tougher Sexual Harassment Law. From now on, making sexual jokes, hugging a reluctant employee or looking insistently at a young lady up and down will become reprehensible acts in France.  Italy Worries Sicily's Woes Could Have Ripple Effect  Eurozone crisis has led to sharp spending cuts &, with an economy based on public sector wages, it's being called Italy's Greece. Worried about contagion, the Rome govt is dictating tough bailout conditions similar to those  imposed on Greece.  Drought and wild fires destroy Russian harvest The long road back Fed up, struggling Jurez business owner takes stand, stops paying 'quotas' Israel to end draft exemptions for ultraOrthodox  Israel's defense minister instructed the military on Tuesday to start drafting ultraOrthodox Jewish men like other Israelis  but it could take a while to implement. Rebels claim victory in Syria's alBab town Opposition claims to have pushed regime forces from what they say was military's last urban base outside Aleppo city. UK police arrest man over Olympic tweets The American embassy in Norway forgot about their own practise bomb and called in the Norwegian bomb squad when they found it. Russians Say Human Immortality a Possibility by 2045 Australian Billionaire Wants To Build Jurassic ParkStyle Resort with cloned dinosaurs. No Copyright Law The Real Reason for Germany's Industrial Expansion? Egypt's new Islamist president has sent his first letter to an Israeli leader, Israel said Tuesday, in which the Egyptian leader expresses his hopes that the Mideast peace process can be restarted and that Israeli people can achieve security. Drone Pilots, Waiting for a Kill Shot 7,000 Miles Away  He steps out of a dark room of video screens, his adrenaline still surging after squeezing the trigger, and commutes home. The everyday life of drone pilots in upstate New York, killing people 7,000 miles away in Afghanistan London is like a ghost town 
Museums, Taxis, Theaters, and the 
London Zoo say business down by as 
much as 40%  Sudan Give us Bush & Blair, well give you Bashir 150YrOld Bangladesh Brothel Fights Closure  Tara Das says she is the 5th generation of her family to work at the same brothel in Bangladesh, but now she's fighting against Islamic protesters who want to shut down her business. Senior bank manager with HSBC plunges 100ft to his death at the Tate Modern art gallery in London Belarussian president Alexander Lukashenko has sacked his air defence chief and the head of the border guards for failing to stop a Swedish aircraft from dropping hundreds of teddy bears over the hardline state in a prodemocracy stunt. Anonymous react to French retailer involved in Trademark stunt The Cartel Behind the Scenes in the Libor Interest Rate Scandal  Investigators and political leaders believe that the manipulation of the Libor benchmark interest rate was the result of organized fraud. Institutions that participated could face billions in fines and penalties. One in 5 Hong Kong women will never find a husband, as city's gender imbalance widens. Sharp Decline in Terror Attacks After Bin Laden Death CocaCola to be booted out of Bolivia 
Ebola outbreak claims more lives in Uganda  
President appeals for citizens to limit physical contact, as virusrelated cases reported in capital Kampala Israeli law protecting UltraOrthodox from military service expires. Secular Israelis say the law was unfair. China slams new US  Iran sanctions as 'serious violation of intl rules'  RT Another Murdoch journalist arrested in phonehacking case China blocks Bloomberg for exposing financial affairs of its leaderinwaiting Xi Jinping, revealing his extended family's investments in companies with total assets of $376m Syrian rebels acquire surfacetoair missiles Five bomb blasts in Pune, India How American oil companies have built their own fiefdom in northern Iraq.  Full power restored after India hit by second huge outage Obama authorizes secret U.S. support for Syrian rebels
| Reuters Central bankers and regulators will hold talks in September [2012] on whether the troubled global Libor interest rate can be reformed or whether it is so damaged that the benchmark of borrowing costs should be scrapped. Ontario thief returns stolen goods, leaves $50 for damages Japan Set to Become 2nd Biggest Solar Power Nation  It's created a tariff to encourage investment. Utilities will pay solar firms $0.5 per kwh  triple the standard. The extra money will come from a rise in electricity prices. Meanwhile, nuclear power will provide competition. Judge says religious couple's braindamaged baby can be allowed to die. A judge has ruled that a severely braindamaged baby boy can be allowed to die even though his devoutly religious parents wanted him to be kept on a lifesupport system. North Korea's Key to Olympic Medals Refrigerators For Winners, Labor Camps for Losers A mentally ill man died in police custody after officers used unsuitable force during an unnecessarily long restraint, an inquest jury has ruled. Toronto police sued for profiling women with 'hairy legs' during G20 protests For Paternity Leave, Sweden Asks if Two Months Is Enough  WSJ.com 'If I were Iranian, I'd be fearful of the next 12 weeks' states former Mossad chief. Racist 'Scandal' German Police Kept Jobs Despite KKK Involvement  Officials allowed two German police officers to keep their jobs even after it emerged they had been members of a Klu Klux Klan spinoff group.  Kofi Annan quits as Syria peace envoy The supreme leader of Iran once banned all internet. Now he's on Instagram. Paris to return Seine to the people with carfree riverside plan. City mayor behind Paris Plages wins fight to pedestrianise large sections of 1960s expressway on left and right bank Assad supporters executed by Syria rebels Golden Dawn hands out food parcels outside parliament, but makes sure only Greek citizens receive assistance. Using water as a weapon in the West Bank The Civil Administration is protecting a law that its title in contemporary Hebrew is 'keeping most of the West Bank Palestinianfree.' A Sudanese woman accused of adultery has been sentenced to death by stoning and is being held shackled with her sixmonthold baby in jail, says activists Inside North Korea, more cellphones & traffic lights, but real change lags  
A visitor finds more signs of modernization in Pyongyang as Kim Jongun consolidates power. But it's hard to tell if reform is afoot in a country that remains deeply impoverished & isolated. Papua New Guinea charges 29 alleged cannibals Kofi Annan resigns as special envoy to Syria  RT L'Oreal heiress Bettencourt sells Seychelles island at the centre of a tax evasion case after using it as tax haven Even after India's power grid was restored, more than 400 million people still dont have access to the energy they need. They never had it in the first place. US mulls buildup of bombers and attack submarines in the AsiaPacific region, based in Guam India lifts ban on investment from Pakistan  The Times of India