 Police kill someone in Iceland.. for the first time ever. Pope Francis secretly sneaks out at night to help the homeless, source says An entire village is sealed off by gendarmes and riot police in the middle of the night, some peasants taken to the police station, so that Chevron can start drilling for shale gas, in spite of fierce local opposition Stephen Hawking NHS is Britain's finest public service and must be preserved from commercial interests 1,200yearold Malaysian temple ruin razed by developer clearing land for a residential housing project Spain And Japan Move To Criminalize Protests UK politician who made speech implying rich people have higher IQs answers IQ test questions incorrectly on live radio North Korea's secondmostpowerful man and husband of Kim Jongil's sister, Jang Seongtaek, has suddenly been relieved of all posts. His two absolute closest associates were publicly executed last month, and other officials associated with him have likewise been recently purged, according to NIS. Antigay Russian group upload video of them physically abusing and humiliating former X Factor contestant Are you one of the 700,000 people on the U.S. government terrorist watch list?  Landmark Case Goes to Trial over Massive U.S. Terrorism NoFly Database Ukraine's crisis is getting so serious that protesters in Kiev charged police with a bulldozer Hong Kong confirms first human case of bird flu BP wins U.S. appeals court reprieve over some Gulf spill payments Guantnamo Bay detainees claim Poland allowed CIA torture Guardian Australia fiercely defends its reporting on spy agencies | World news Zimbabwe gives Chinese man $150 fine for $320 worth of ivory Yuan Passes Euro as SecondMost Used TradeFinance Currency Tim BernersLee Spies' cracking of encryption undermines the web  World wide web inventor dismayed about US and UK attempts to undermine privacy and security, revealed by Edward Snowden Dredging set to swamp decades of Great Barrier Reef protection The Spanish region of Catalonia wants to revoke the driving licenses of drug addicts, alcoholics and people with mental disorders to avoid other people's lives being put at risk. US singer and song writer Bob Dylan has been placed under judicial investigation in France for allegedly provoking ethnic hatred of Croats BBC News  Ukraine PM says he sees all signs of a coup as protesters fill square in Kiev The UN's senior counterterrorism official is to launch an investigation into the surveillance powers of American and British intelligence agencies following Edward Snowden's revelations that they are using secret programmes to store and analyse billions of emails, phone calls and text messages. Australian Security service, ASIO has raided Canberra office of lawyer representing East Timor in its case about to be heard in The Hague accusing Australia of spying during delicate oilandgas negotiations Mexico Thousands Protests Against Oil Industry Privatisation Bangladeshi garment workers, lowest paid in the world at $0.21/hour, torch 10story factory at Gazipur + 15 full garment trucks. No human casualties, $100 million losses to the owners. Without Anyone Paying Attention, Canada Is About To Change Its Laws To Support ACTA  They can point to the tiny, but real, problem of counterfeit drugs that can cause serious damage... and then mix it with the very large issue of copyright infringement where they can't show any actual harm. Only 1% of Snowden files published  Guardian editor 70% of Chinese don't know that ivory comes from dead elephants British Fathers Will Get the Same Family Leave as Mothers Hassan Rouhani, Irans president, has more cabinet members with Ph.D. degrees from U.S. universities than Barack Obama does. In fact, Iran has more holders of American Ph.D.s in its presidential cabinet than France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, or Spaincombined. European Commission fines eight banks a total of 1.7bn euros for forming illegal cartels to rig interest rates How the secretly negotiated TPP (TransPacific Partnership) will gut environmental protection NASA finds water on planets 1000 light years from Earth that orbit star.Could be prime candidates for life Sahara Suffers Catastrophic Collapse of Wildlife In world's largest tropical desert the Bubal hartebeest & scimitar horned oryx in the wild are extinct & the African wild dog & African lion are gone. Dama gazelle & addax are gone from 99% of their range; leopard from 97%; Saharan cheetah, 90%. Ukraine Moves To Join EU In Russia Snub Ukrainian protesters have successfully forced the hand of their president, getting him to reconsider signing a trade deal with the European Union even if it means irking one Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Canada passes Bill C309. Protestors could now face up to 10 years in jail for masking up. Israel has sent humanitarian aid to Syria, despite having technically been in conflict with the country for the last 46 years. Japanese Liberal Democratic Party SecretaryGeneral Protesting New Secrecy Bill is an Act of Terrorism Bitcoin Heist Millions Vanish from Online Black Market Antifracking protests in Canada turn violent Guardian will not be intimidated over NSA leaks, Alan Rusbridger (editor) tells MPs The 10 Most Corrupt and Least Corrupt Countries in the World Putin backs amnesty that could free Pussy Riot Japan's WW II supersubmarine found scuttled off Hawaii  World Deal to halt illegal ivory trade signed by African and Asian states, including China NSA Spying Challenged in the United Nations Food poverty in UK has reached level of 'public health emergency', warn experts British soldier arrested in Germany on terrorism offences after police found farright leaflets at a home. Yasser Arafat 'was not poisoned'  leaked French report NSA tracking cellphone locations worldwide, Snowden documents show Thieves who stole cobalt60 are likely dead or dying from radiation poisoning Pope sets up body on child abuse Pope Francis sets up a Vatican committee to fight Catholic Church child abuse 21 Images of Where Children Sleep Around the World Paints A Powerful Picture of Inequality US Embassy aggressively blocked minimum wage increase for Haitian workers This past summer, the US Army began investigating why the military spent nearly $36 million to construct a wellappointed 64,000squarefoot headquarters in southwestern Afghanistan that commanders in the area did not want and has never been used. Uruguay could become the first country in the world to nationalise and legalise marijuana. On Tuesday, the Senate will vote on a bill that would make the sale of cannabis for adults legal and governmentcontrolled. If passed the price of marijuana is expected to be set at around $1 a gram. Morocco seeks legalization of marijuana cultivation and exports  RT News It worked so well that Amsterdam is now expanding the project where they let alcoholics drink while they clean the streets Police remove protesters from Chevron's fracking site in Romania The Central African Republic descending into 'complete chaos'  France may send 1000 troops to prevent genocide Scientists in South Korea say the country must brace itself for a bank of smog rolling in across the sea from China The other side of North Korea A defected smugglers extraordinary story shows a side of North Korea outsiders rarely glimpse, one in which the biggest threat to the govt may be not political dissidents but regular citizens getting their first taste of a middle class life Massive Fire Started By Angry Workers Destroys Factory That Supplied To Gap, WalMart In Bangladesh Vatican refuses to share sex abuse investigations with UN A UK marine convicted of murdering a Taliban prisoner has lost fight to remain anonymous Beijing unveils 5year plan contains 84 measures to tackle pollution OPEC losing control of oil prices Switzerland Launches Criminal Probe Into NSA Surveillance Japan whistleblowers face crackdown under proposed state secrets law BCLTAPNewsAlert,11 MEXICO CITY (AP)  Mexican nuclear official say stolen container of radioactive material found empty. APWF120413 2304GMT Governments close to agreement to put hacking, cryptography software on the same footing as weapons of war Thai officials admit to human trafficking COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP)  A new wave of Europeans is heading to Syria, their ranks soaring in the past six months as tales of easy living and glorious martyrdom draw them to the rebellion against Bashar Assad American Studies Association endorses academic boycott of Israel Nelson Mandela has passed away. Japan passes a democracymuzzling Patriot Act. The Obamasupported State Secret Bill criminalizes investigative journalism and conflates terrorism with imposing ones opinions. Austrian Mayor Says That Journalists Who Report on AsylumSeekers Should Be Hanged Like Jews US will no longer report Guantanamo Hunger strikes AlQaida massacres 52 at Yemen hospital New law allows samesex couples in Australia to be married Iceland to write 24,000 off every household mortgage Atheist advertising rejected in Vancouver Upset over inaction by police, a 16yearold gangrape survivor allegedly consumed poison outside the office of the Superintendent of Police Microsoft brands governments a 'persistent threat' alongside malware and cyber attacks TEPCO cleanup boss says Fukushima's radioactive water will be dumped into Pacific Ocean Chinese moon rover enters lunar orbit How the NSA Targets Italy India 14yearold braveheart girl offers herself to kidnapper to save 10 kids in Assam Snowden to speak to European Parliament, delegate claims US whistleblower Edward Snowden is to give video evidence to the European Parliament, a German assembly member claims. A parliamentary committee session will examine masssurveillance by intelligence agencies. Data haul by Android Flashlight app 'deceives' millions Someone's Been Siphoning Data Through a Huge Security Hole in the Internet | Threat Level First ever pictures from inside Australian refugee detention centre Iran Arrests 16 in New Crackdown on Internet Freedom East Timor seeks to scrap oil treaty with Australia in The Hague over spying allegations Beating bribery An increasingly popular weapon in the fight against corruption fake money ..It can be a pointed way of shaming someone who asks for a bribe. That is the thinking behind zerorupee notes, an Indian anticorruption gimmick now attracting worldwide interest. Russia's High Court Declares 'Gay Propaganda' Ban Constitutional Religious Intolerance on the rise Indonesian Gov't Fails to Act as Two More Churches Sealed UK to aid France in Central African Republic intervention by providing a C17 aircraft Nelson Mandela Was On The U.S. Terrorist Watch List Until 2008 'Muslim Patrol' jailed for harassing couple holding hands and men drinking in a bid to enforce Sharia law in East London North Korea frees U.S. Korean War veteran after seven weeks UK citizen sues Microsoft over Prism private data leak to NSA A march yesterday at the University of London ended in kettling, arrests and blood on the pavement after a week of alleged police brutality finally has video footage to accompany what has been going on. Chevron in Romania, part 3. Clashes between locals, activists and riot police. Protesters break into fracking site, Chevron suspends operations, again Snowden to make video appearance at EU parliament The National Security Agency has publicly admitted to tracking the locations of literally billions of international cell phones under a 1981 executive order (under the Reagan presidency). To allay the fears of US citizens, it said the program only targets international phones. Police In Thailand Lay Down Vests and Barricades In Solidarity With Protestors Supermarkets selling chicken that is nearly a fifth water | Consumers paying 65p a kilo for water, as legality of process of 'tumbling' imported chicken called into question. Romania  Fighting Chevron's Fracking SUVs on Horseback Couples celebrate Australia's first samesex weddings Six hospitalized in Mex nuke exposure. Police block Mexico City hospital. Dick Cheney Didn't Regret His Vote Against Freeing Nelson Mandela, Maintained He Was A 'Terrorist' India Could Be Kicked out of Olympics All Syrian Chemical Weapons Munitions Destroyed Nothing is beyond our reach Evil octopus strangling the world becomes latest US intelligence seal The devastating 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan shocked researchers who did not expect that the seismic fault involved could release so much energy. Now the world's deepestdrilling oceanographic ship has been able to pin down the odd geology that made this disaster so horrific. Hong Kong sees second case of H7N9 bird flu in a week NSA defends global cellphone tracking as legal Rich Kazakhs Revive Polygamy as Women Seek Poverty Escape Militants who carried out a brazen daylight assault on the Yemeni defence ministry that killed 56 people were mostly Saudis, investigators said on Saturday. France says all 1,200 pledged troops now in Central African Republic [STUDY] One percent of the population is responsible for 63 percent of violent crime convictions Japanese Parliament passes contentious secret law that stiffens penalties for government leaks. China, South Korea fear secrets law could lead to Japanese military state  U.S. State Dept. welcomed passage of the bill An open letter from Carl Bernstein to Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger You are being called to testify at a moment when governments in Washington and London seem intent on erecting the most serious (and selfserving) barriers against legitimate news reporting Japan cracks down on leaks and press freedom after scandal of Fukushima nuclear power plant New Japanese whaling trip aims to hunt 1000 whales amid foreign criticism India to push for freeing Internet from U.S. control 'Let's be honest, we eavesdrop too' former French foreign minister on NSA spying claims. Two thousand toxic mice pumped up with Tylenol dropped on Guam by parachute to kill snakes NSA asking for specific exchanges from Swedish Defence Radio Establishment FRA  Secret treaty since 1954 One million people chanting in unison today's EuroMaidan protest in Kiev UK MPs set to receive 11% pay rise Syrian Christians have Officially Declared War on Syrian Rebels   I urge every Christian man capable of carrying weapons to defend Syria The Obama administration knew that a Syrian rebel faction had the ability to make chemical weapons but omitted that knowledge when building their case for a strike on Syria An estimated 30,000 elephants have been killed every year since the start of the decade, and experts believe the number has soared this year. Estimates suggest that 100 elephants per day are being killed for their ivory. Yale University study sounds alarm on rare earth metal shortages, finding that of the 62 elements used in smartphones and similar devices, none had an equalperformance substitute, and twelve had no conceivable replacement South Korea expands air defense zone to partially overlap China's Chevron has suspended exploration for shale gas in northeastern Romania after hundreds of antifracking protesters tore down fences Turkish PM Erdogan accuses Taraf reporter of treason over revealing a document from a 2004 National Security Council meeting in which his government colluded to target social movements  charged with revealing forbidden information. Singapore news. Fire, rioting taking place in Little India reports Israeli soldiers accused of killing Palestinian boy in West Bank Lee Rigby case Muslim fanatic said he killed soldier in 'most humane way he could' Bitcoin Slumps After Chinese Government bans real world use. Australian intelligence agency cancels passports of 20 Muslim men over suspicion they may join Syria conflict Pakistan's Federal Sharia Court has ordered to remove the life imprisonment from the section 295C of the Blasphemy laws and death sentence be the only punishment in 295C. Across Europe, a Growing Sense That Legalized Prostitution Isn't Working. The issue driving recent bans is human trafficking. Highest radiation levels measured outside Fukushima Ukraine's capital hit by mass antigovt protest 104 Chinese cities are now reporting air pollution levels above 300 mcg per cubic meter, twelve times the recommended limit. Over 70 percent of China's rivers and lakes are now too toxic for animals to drink from. This past week, visibility in some parts of China was reduced to less than 5 meters. Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, Yahoo, LinkedIn, Twitter and AO have united to demand sweeping changes to US surveillance laws and an international ban on bulk collection of data Edward Snowden voted Guardian person of the year 2013 Thousands protest in Japan against new state secrets bill Somali woman who reported rape sentenced Nineteenyearold will be confined to home for six months and journalists who reported the story are to go to jail. NSA and GCHQ collect gamers' chats and deploy reallife agents into World of Warcraft and Second Life London's biggest university bans student protests  students could be fined or imprisoned China bans shark fin dinners, suites for officials in latest crackdown Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), a party formed barely a year ago mainly by nonpoliticians, wins 28 out of 70 seats in India's capital New Delhi with agenda to drive out deepingrained corruption inside the world's largest democracy. Most UK People in Poverty Have a Job Second release of secret TransPacific Partnership Agreement documents British agents in Russia instructed to find Snowden  Canadian NGO Anticorruption crusader stuns Indian politics with election surge WikiLeaks releases new documents exposing secret TransPacific Partnership talks | The revelations are mostly the same, but the new documents suggest that the public outcry against these proposals has had little effect on the negotiations. Protesters in Kiev Topple Lenin Statue as Rallies Grow. Today's estimates at 500,000 people. Russia's President Vladimir Putin has abolished the country's stateowned news agency RIA Novosti Ukrainian homosexual XFactor contenstant tortured by Russian Neonazis who shaved his head and forced him to admit to being a pedophile using a dildo as a microphone while pouring urine on him. Canada Busted Covering Up Spikes In Fukushima Radiation Washington's Blog The Silent Crisis Vietnams Elephants on the Verge of Extinction Ukrainian protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev The rise of BlackRock  The worlds single largest investor with over $4.1 Trillion in directly controlled assets Seymour Hersh Alleges Obama Administration Lied on Syria Gas Attack Revealed spy agencies' covert push to infiltrate virtual world of online games Iraqi Kurdistan fights female circumcision Female circumcision is slowly declining in Iraqi Kurdistan. Years of campaigning and a law against the practise have borne fruit. Some villages went from 100 percent of all young girls being circumcised to none. Islamophobes Publish Fake Image About Muslims Throwing Christian Girl From Window Bill Clinton says security does not justify espionage Snowden docs had NYTimes exec fearing for his life The latest annual figures available show that of the 706 rape cases filed in New Delhi in 2012, only one, the most famous, ended in conviction While the Harper government is preaching government austerity, it is spending almost $1.2 billion on a new spy palace  Ottawa headquarters for military spy agency. It's the most expensive Canadian government building ever constructed Chinese citizens outraged after nationalist newspaper calls smog a national defense measure Murdochowned newspaper the Sydney Sunday Telegraph hides phrase 'Murdoch is evil' in children's wordsearch puzzle Female genital mutilation on the rise among Southeast Asian Muslims  More than 90 percent of women surveyed in Malaysia have been circumcised, and experts say increasing regional Islamic conservatism may be the reason why. Atheists face death in 13 Muslim countries New record low temperature confirmed in Antarctica, 93.2 C (That's minus 135.8 Fahrenheit) A world first  two openly gay men will lead a country (Luxemburg). President Hamid Karzai says the U.S. is absolutely acting like a colonial power in its attempts to force him to sign the bilateral security agreement by the end of this year Wikileaks reveals failed plans to suppress antiKeystone activists (sourced from Stratfor) BBC News  Sir Ian McKellen 'advised not to go to Russia' Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Raul Castro State surveillance of personal data is theft, say world's leading authors Australian paedophile Peter Truong, who bought a newborn boy for $US8000 and then allowed men around the world to be abuse the child, has been sentenced in a US court to 30 years' jail. Truong's partner was jailed in June for 40 years. State surveillance of personal data is theft, say world's leading authors Ikea stores in Hong Kong have unexpectedly sold out of a stuffed toy wolf after it became the symbol of opposition to the city's unpopular government Dismantling of Fishery Library 'Like a Book Burning,' Say Scientists Harper government shuts down 'world class' collection on freshwater science and protection. Israel, Jordan and the Palestinian Authority are expected to sign a water agreement aimed at saving the rapidly drying Dead Sea,The agreement will build a pipeline to carry water from the Red Sea to the Dead Sea and provide drinking water to the region. Australian police to adopt technology capable of collecting emails  Controversial deep packet inspection system used by NSA for surveillance to be rolled out by AFP next year The U.K. is aiming to broker a deal between the U.S. and China to support a multinational manned mission to Mars, according to Science Minister David Willetts. Israel approves detention without charges for African migrants 560 Authors from 83 Countries Issue International Appeal Against Mass Surveillance Canada to claim north pole as its own  UN submission will seek to redefine Canada's continental shelf to capture more Arctic oil and gas resources. Confirmed outbreak of Bubonic Plague in Madagascar, at least 20 dead so far. Uruguay legalizes the sale and production of marijuana Nelson Mandela memorial interpreter 'was a fake' Australia Victims of child sexual abuse walked out of a public hearing after the Catholic church's legal representative quoted the Bible in his opening address  Let the little children come to me; do not stop them... Pope Francis is TIMEs Person of the Year for 2013 Germany gets rid of tuition fees (Google translate) World Health Organization Warns that DrugResistant Tuberculosis is Ticking Time Bom  Other serious diseases like malaria & whooping cough are also growing resistant to antibiotics. Public health experts warn of an impending antibiotic apocalypse. Scientology is a religion, rules Supreme Court The Romanian parliament has exempted politicians and lawyers from corruption crimes, in a move contrary to agreements with the EU | The amendments, voted without parliamentary debate, now exclude the country's President, senators, members of the lower chamber, and lawyers, as public officials. Huge blow to LGBT rights in India Indian Supreme Court declares gay sex illegal Domino's Pizza Chief Executive upset that no one in the UK is interested in being hired for substandard pay Most Western European Muslims are Islamic fundamentalists, study finds Canada vows to protect Santa Claus from Russian troops in the Arctic Canada to stop home mail delivery. Uruguay's Marijuana Liberalization Up for Final Vote Tonight China bans dishes containing shark fins, bird nests and wild animal products in official reception dinners Sweden cooperated with the United States in operations to hack into computers 5 Nobel prize winners have condemned the scale of state surveillance, warned that spy agencies must be curbed by a new international charter. Underage worker dies after long hours in iPhone factory Shanghaiist (Yonhap) N. Korea sells gold in sign of imminent economic collapse source NSA uses Google cookies to pinpoint targets for hacking Calls to boycott Israel grow on US campuses Netanyahu skips Mandela memorial. Israelis say 'are you kidding?' The Women Who Sold Their Daughters Into Sex Slavery Australian Government approves creation of one of the world's largest coal ports near the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area New Zealand citizen stripped of phone, tablet, laptop and hard drive at New Zealand customs after returning from a talk in London about Edward Snowden's released documents. Saudi Arabia's Grand Mufti, the highest religious authority in the country, has condemned suicide bombings as grave crimes, reiterating his stance in unusually strong language. Refers to the attacks as a sin, with attackers condemned to hell. In 13 countries around the world, all of them Muslim, people who openly espouse atheism or reject the official state religion of Islam face execution under the law Taxpayers to pay for fracking pollution if companies go bust Legal marijuana in Uruguay violates international law, says UN agency Cooling system fails on orbiting International Space Station Pussy Riot to be freed under amnesty bill Eve Online players use ingame money to generate $190,890 for typhoon Haiyan relief during unique charity drive by CCP Games! Census shows Christians no longer a majority in New Zealand Census 2013 figures released this week show four out of ten New Zealanders now declare themselves nonreligious  a rise of 26% and a total of 1.6 million people Chinese dont see United States as an enemy, study finds, but they distrust its government India Government's chief spokesman accuses Supreme Court of dragging the country back to the 19th century by reinstating gay sex ban, calls for swift reversal of the ruling. The High Court of Australia has overturned samesex marriage laws passed in the Australian Capital Territory causing the recent marriage of 27 couples to be annulled. The staff of Canadian legislators are being forced to sign life time gag orders in order to move jobs or get raises. Vladimir Putin claims Russia is moral compass of the world Major Mandela security breach Nobody seems to know who the fake sign language interpreter standing next to Obama was MI5 chief Andrew Parker will not face MPs on Snowden claims | Home secretary rejects calls for spy boss to justify claim that Guardian put national security at risk in publishing NSA files Tepco lost the layout drawing of pipes and drains in Fukushima plant / Office entirely contaminated US foundation buys Hopi masks for $530k at controversial Paris sale and returns them to tribes Suspect in 200 murders captured. The Pirate Bay moves operations to remote Ascension Island. New Zealander has all electronic devices seized by customs at Auckland Airport following his attendance at a talk in London about Edward Snowden's leaked documents. Nearly $1 trillion was smuggled out of developing countries in 2011  Quartz Catalonia intends to vote independence from Spain on the 9th of November 2014 Swedish newspaper Expressen invades and reveals personal details of private people who have the wrong views. Even confronting them on TV at home. One of the two cooling pumps has failed on the International Space Station Air strike kills 15 civilians in Yemen by mistake Fifteen people on their way to a wedding in Yemen were killed in an air strike after their party was mistaken for an al Qaeda convoy Russian Supreme Court Declares Pussy Riot Sentence Unlawful Woman who miscarried in private prison 'made to clean up after herself,' court told Uncle of North Korean leader Kim Jongun executed after being purged for corruption  state news agency Pirate Bay founder suffering 'torturous' conditions in Danish solitary confinement, his mother says after visiting French officials can monitor internet users in real time under new law that passed quietly Indians go 'gay for a day'  posting photos of samesex affection to show outrage over supreme court ruling that criminalises gay sex Icelandic bank bosses jailed  also made to pay legal costs for the case which amounts to millions of pounds. The Canadian federal government will, for the first time, designate crude oil a highly dangerous substance and introduce tougher safety and testing measures for shipping oil by rail, according to Transport Minister Lisa Raitt Study Dead sea creatures covered 98% of seafloor last year about 150 miles off California coast; Unprecedented, had been below 1% prior to event  Major changes began in spring 2011 Beneath Yellowstone, A Volcano That Could Wipe Out U.S. We've long known that Yellowstone is merely the skin on top of a supervolcano  a giant pool of magma sitting just under the Earth's surface. Exactly how giant has been the subject of much speculation. Until now. Mandela deaf interpreter accused of murder Missing American in Iran was working for CIA. Family paid $2.5 million to keep quiet. Physicists discover 'clearest evidence yet' that the Universe is a hologram. Latest calculations chime with 1997 theory that reality is only perceived as 3D and is actually a 2D projection on the boundary of the universe. Family faces deportation to Bangladesh by Australia because their autistic son would be a urden to taxpayers' Drone strike kills 15 heading to wedding in Yemen. Panic as Thousands Receive Fines For Streaming RedTube Videos Massive water geysers spotted on Jupiters moon Europa, possibly from subsurface ocean. US 'totally dictates' Swedish surveillance Mexican Senate votes to privatize oil industry Kenya Two Poachers Killed As Gun, Tusks Nabbed. One of the suspects killed is a notorious poacher believed to be behind the killings of rhinos and elephants in the North tourism circuit. Israel has halted a plan that would have displaced tens of thousands of Bedouins in the southern part of the country. The controversial plan would have involved destroying unrecognized villages in the Negev, and resettling the displaced Bedouin citizens into recognized villages. Two men arrested for sending antiSemetic tweets in the UK N. Korea confirms that Kim Jongun's uncle was executed for plotting a military coup. First announced execution from within the ruling family. UN inspectors confirm Syria chemical attack Chinese spacecraft successfully lands on the Moon; 1st lunar landing in 4 decades Uruguay's Prez Rips Into U.N. Official Over Marijuana Law Stop Lying' 27 years later, CIA pilot tells of using secret Costa Rican airstrip to traffic guns, cocaine The cellphone encryption technology used most widely across the world can be easily defeated by the NSA, an internal document shows, giving the agency the means to decode most of the billions of calls and texts that travel over public airwaves every day New DNA evidence frees man after 17 years in prison for attempted rape. I Would Shove All Live Gays Into A Furnace Says Popular Russian Actor Visa, MasterCard $5.7 Billion Swipe Fee Accord Approved  For the first time, merchants will be empowered to expose hidden bank fees to their customers, educate them about those fees and use that information to influence their customers choices of payment methods. BBC News  Iran claims to have captured British MI6 spy ExFBI agent who disappeared in Iran was on rogue mission for CIA The global group Reporters Without Borders is proposing that attacks on journalists be considered war crimes by the International Criminal Court Spanish cave dwellers revolt as city council about to start ancient caves eviction North Korean business people are being recalled from China following the execution of top official, Chang Songthaek, says a South Korean report. Canadian Cops Receiving International Praise for Viral Video With Surprising Twist Australian Police filmed punching, kicking man China's Extreme Smog Forces Pilots to Train for Blind Landings Scientology buys big building complex in Amsterdam for new head quarters Seymour Hersh Alleges Obama Administration Lied on Syria Gas Attack China Imposes FirstEver West Coast Shellfish Ban Chinese warship, US missile cruiser nearly collided in Sourh China Sea standoff Canadian Police Officer Shows the Right Way to Deal With Being Filmed During an Arrest Jang Song Thaek was executed because he met privately with Kim Jong Uns older brother Kim Jong Nam Zhou Yongkang, Chinas third most powerful politician, is under investigation for murder, corruption, and plotting to overthrow the government, and could face a trial similar to Bo Xilai. China's first lunar probe to land on the moon this weekend Reasons to be executed in North Korea dreaming different dreams and halfheartedly clapping Islamic militants have taken control of a cache of machine guns and ammunition intended for Syria's Westernbacked rebels, the Syrian opposition confirmed, demanding that the weapons be returned. Iceland Sends Four Bank Bosses to the Slammer Pope attacks megasalaries and wealth gap in peace message  CNBC Pope I am not a Marxist but, I dont feel offended being called one. China rejects fifth US corn cargo in a month, citing GMO strain U.S. May Never Know Extent of Snowdens Leaks Theyve spent hundreds and hundreds of manhours trying to reconstruct everything he has gotten, and they still dont know all of what he took, a senior administration official said. I know that seems crazy, but everything with this is crazy. 2 more executives facing the death penalty in Viet Nam for Kickbacks and corruption Student protest has been quietly sweeping the nation. Now, it's getting louder. The Occupy Sussex movement has acted as the spark for a new wave of protest against the marketisation of higher education. Protester accused of sexual violence after world hails iconic photo of her kissing Italian riot officer Uruguay President taking the lead along with Pope in the fight against unfettered Capitalism New National Poll Shows That Almost 50% of Canadians Support a Guaranteed Annual Income French stage smokeless revolution In a country that can't shake its love affair with smoking, electronic cigarettes are catching like wildfire. Forced Sterilization Of Women Widespread In Uzbekistan Leading Russian actor advocates burning homosexuals alive to a cheering crowd Call the FBI China is Trying to Steal America's Seeds  In 2 cases this week, feds arrested citizens of China & charged them with stealing seeds that American companies consider valuable intellectual property. It's a mixture of Midwestern farming, corporate espionage & international intrigue. Drone Warfare Protest at CIA Follows Strike on Civilians in Yemen China bans shellfish imports from US West Coast As protests continue in Kiev's Independence Square, an army of volunteers brings food and drink to nourish the thousands who remain in the snow and cold. About 20,000 people who watched pornography on a U.S.based website have had their names and addresses mistakenly released by a court in Germany Toxic 'ewaste' dumped in poor nations, says United Nations | Millions of tonnes of old electronic goods illegally exported to developing countries, as people dump luxury items Desmond Tutu not invited to Mandela funeral; Preparations for Nelson Mandela's funeral have been marred by a public spat between the South African government and retired Archbishop Desmond Tutu, one of the most prominent survivors in the long antiapartheid struggle. Notable presence of Islamic fundamentalism in Western Europe, study shows Scandal involving clandestine hotel room sex, money laundering and huge bribes hits Indonesia's Islamic parties Belgium approves law allowing euthanasia for terminally ill children NSA spying on French officials and businesses Woman discovers her son was among 270 Lockerbie bombing victims almost 25 years later UK's Largest ISP now blocks porn for all new connections by default Chinese police shoot 14 dead in Xinjiang riot Yemeni Government gives $150,000 and 100s of guns as compensation to American drone victims' families Michelle Bachelet wins Presidential seat in Chile's landslide victory promising hike in corporate taxes to 25 percent from 20 percent, to pay for social reforms that include a gradual move to free higher education Spain wont have enough tanks Catalonia to vote on independence, defy Madrid Growing cannibal social network boggles authorities Indias most wanted tiger skin trader Ranjitsingh Bawaria arrested Severed hand saved after being attached to mans ankle. A man had his hand fixed to his ankle for a month before doctors successfully reattached it to his arm. Artist criticised for creating sculpture by pouring molten aluminium into fire ant colony mound. Get your fill of bananas now; theyre about to get destroyed by fungus Survivors of garment factory fire in Bangladesh have not received any compensation from big brands including Walmart Last Australia combat troops leave Afghan base Drone strikes must end, Yemen's parliament says Google will not answer to British court over UK privacy claim, insists lawsuit concerning UK internet users privacy should be brought in California. Mapping the Blind Spots Developer Unearths Secret U.S. Military Bases Coup D'etat Attempt In South Sudan Ontario is putting an end to coalburning power plants '...on the verge of becoming the first industrial region in North America to eliminate all coalfired electrical generation.' Radioactive cesium from Fukushima is contaminating Japanese forests and soil. Saudi activist sentenced to 300 lashes and prison time for advocating elections Amazon workers strike in Germany over longrunning pay dispute Google has been called arrogant and immoral for arguing that a privacy claim brought by internet users in the UK should not be heard by the UK legal system | Google will tell the high court that it should throw out claims that it secretly tracked the browsing habits of millions of iPhone users. Sharia Law in the UK Muslim protesters take to London's streets to demand shops stop selling alcohol and and warned retailers they face 40 lashes if they continue to sell the product. University of Queensland scientists create first complex human organ produced from stem cells after growing tiny kidney. A Saudi judge has sentenced a political activist to 300 lashes and four years in prison for calling for a constitutional monarchy in Saudi Arabia Swedish police say around 28 people have been detained after a group of neoNazis attacked an antiNazism demonstration in a Stockholm suburb by hurling bottles, torches and firecrackers UN declares that the right to privacy, including online privacy, is a human right 'Snowden Vindicated' Judge Rules Against 'Indiscriminate' NSA Spying. Snowden Today, a secret program authorized by a secret court was, when exposed to the light of day, found to violate Americans rights. In a 1984 moment, North Korea deletes near entirety of news archives Pope Francis blesses 'Jesus the Homeless' sculpture that was rejected by Cathedrals in the US and Canada, calling 'Jesus the Homeless' a Beautiful Piece of Art No Amnesty For Edward Snowden, White House SaysMr. Snowden is accused of leaking classified information and faces felony charges here in the United States Pope shares his birthday breakfast with homeless Four homeless people, one of them bringing his dog, helped Pope Francis celebrate his 77th birthday at the Vatican Tuesday. They live on the street in the Rome neighborhood just outside the Holy Sees walls Female students banned from speaking at Islam seminar and forced to walk through separate 'sisters only' entrance at leading London university Thousands of Germans get warning letters asking people to pay 250 fine for watching copyrighted porn Female protestor who kissed riot policeman's helmet charged with sexual assault Snowden offers to help Brazil investigate NSA spying if granted asylum Saudi Arabia New law to set marital age of consent at 18 It's not an act Kim Jong Uns former classmates from Swiss boarding school say he really is dangerous, unpredictable, prone to violence Archbishop of Mumbai criticizes Supreme Court of India's ruling that homosexuality is a crime, Homosexuals have the same dignity as any other human being. The rape victim that India forgot  Bereft of media attention, minor girl fights lonely battle and awaits 20th surgery after being gangraped 16 months ago London Bankers Expect 44% Bonus Increase, Survey Finds  Managing directors at banks in London are expecting a 44 percent rise in bonuses for 2013 even as European authorities seek to scale back compensation, according to a recruiters survey. Devyani arrest India asks all US diplomats to hand over their IDs Pirate Bay founder's prison conditions improved after mum's complaints | Gottfrid Svartholm Warg given more interaction with other inmates after mother criticises solitary confinement New Snowden leak  Norways secret surveillance of Russian politics for the NSA USS Ronald Reagan sailors report cancers after Fukushima rescue mission FIFA has banned Croatian defender Josip Simunic for 10 games  including the entire World Cup  for leading fans in a proNazi chant after the team qualified for next year's tournament in Brazil India on Tuesday retaliated strongly to the arrest of its deputy consul general in New York by initiating series of steps to strip US diplomats and their families of privileges including withdrawing all airport passes and stopping import clearances for the embassy After deleting 99% of it's state news archive  is North Korea trying to erase its history? Matthew Perry gets in heated, televised argument with UK newspaper columnist who denies that drug addiction is real White House No amnesty for Snowden Sochi Olympic critics get terrorist treatment They are fearless, stubborn and increasingly under siege. Environmentalists, activists and journalists in Sochi have spent years exposing the dark side of Vladimir Putins showcase Winter Games  and now theyre paying the price. Bitcoin loses almost 50% of its value overnight as China's largest exchange blocks new deposits Edward Snowden These Programs Were Never About Terrorism Theyre About Economic Spying, Social Control, and Diplomatic Manipulation. Theyre About Power Swiss banks are quietly warning wealthy U.S. clients with secret accounts to come clean with the tax man in the next two weeks  or risk jail time An Iraqi policeman gave his own life Wednesday in an attempt to protect Shiite pilgrims, embracing a suicide bomber just moments before an attack to shield others from the blast. Pope Francis makes move to weaken the ultraconservative arm of the Vatican's Congregation for Bishops by removing two American's, including Raymond Burke, known for denying communion to abortion rights politicians. Snowden 'I Would Rather Be without a State than without a Voice' Open letter to Brazilian people is a testimony of continued purpose, not a quid pro quo Merkel compares NSA to Stasi in heated encounter with Obama Great Barrier Reef approved for extensive dredging by the Australian government  3 million cubic metres of seabed to be dumped With a Quota of 1,035 Whales, the Japanese Whaling Fleet Was Only Able to Take 103 Thanks to the Sea Shepherd Society Edward Snowden doesnt show up once in Googles list of top 2013 searches NSA's goal is elimination of individual privacy worldwide  Greenwald to EU European food regulators said on Tuesday that a class of pesticides linked to the deaths of large numbers of honey bees might also harm human health, and recommended that the European Commission further restrict their use. Scientists cut millionyear natural process to convert algae into crude oil to about an hour. How Wind Met All of Denmarks Electricity Needs for 90 Hours Sweden's experiment with private, forprofit schools and voucher systems is failing President Obama Chooses Gay Athletes to Represent Sochi Olympics Delegation Edward Snowden's 'open letter to the Brazilian people'  in full Pope Francis' Christmas message Place ourselves at the service of the poor Jailed Pussy Riot members could be freed on Thursday, officials say Merkel compared NSA to Stasi in heated encounter with Obama  German chancellor furious after revelations US intelligence agency listened in on her personal mobile phone. Study of Fracking water pollution increases health risks, interferes with people's response to male hormones & oestrogen, scientists warn. UK citizens born in the 1960s and 70s will be the first pensioners since WWII to be worse off than their parents, a study has shown. Dont call them drones RAF launches charm offensive for unmanned aircraft  One of the first journalists allowed into Britains top secret drone base reports on its remote Afghan missions German scientists use molecular scissors to cut HIV out of living cells Ian Watkins gets 35 year sentence and the two mothers involved in the case also convicted and will serve over 10 years each. One Police officer also suspended due to gross misconduct NSA Fallout hits American business to the tune of four billion dollars Brazil ditches Boeing, buys Gripen Putin says he envies Obama because he can spy on his citizens and get away with it. Pedophile soccer coach arrested after BURGLAR tells police about child abuse videos. Report Suggests NSA Engaged In Financial Manipulation, Changing Money In Bank Accounts Toronto Mayor Rob Ford 'Women love money. Give em a couple thousand bucks and they are happy' Saab wins Brazil jets deal after NSA spying sours Boeing bid Teenager buys 600 of food for 4 pence using supermarket coupons and donates it to families in need. UK  Porn filters block sex education websites Pentecostal pastors in Africa push prayer, not drugs, for people with HIV  pastors invite people infected with HIV to come forward for a public healing, after which they burn the persons antiretroviral medications and declare the person cured At this rate, elephants will be wiped out within 10 years  More elephant tusks were seized in 2011 than in any year since 1989, when the trade was banned Finland intends to build a new data transmission cable through Germany to prevent Sweden from intercepting data and passing it on to NSA For the first time since the 1959 revolution, Cubans will have the right to buy new and used vehicles Japanese school cancels US exchange student program over California comfort women monument The world's most powerful satellite camera, Gaia. Launched Into Space Private foundation pays over $500,000 to buy disputed Native American religious relics at auction and return them to Hopi, Apace tribes. Fracking could be allowed under homes in Britain without owners' knowledge | Planning minister says law will be changed so companies do not have to directly notify people about gas drilling in their areas UK Establishment Closes Ranks as Organised Child Sex Abuse Network Leads Back to No. 10. Elm tree abuse has alleged links to High class MP's, Sir Cliff Richard, MI5 leaders, Heads of social services and convicted pedophiles linked to the BBC British tax office 'lost nerve' over big avoiders  Treasury is owed 35bn in missing payments, pursued small firms not global giants European boycott of death penalty drugs lowers rate of US executions The Europeanled boycott of medical drugs used by US corrections departments to execute prisoners is having such an impact that it has driven the number of executions to an almost alltime low Snowden document shows Norway works with U.S. to spy on Russia Five Turkish police commissioners were sacked a day after the sons of cabinet ministers and prominent businessmen close to PM Tayyip Erdogan were detained in a corruption probe Facebook removes photo of gay Sikh man kissing another man , sparks debate The UN General Assembly adopts antispy resolution Chinese journalists face ideology exams from book that states it is absolutely not permitted for published reports to feature any comments that go against the party line DNA analysis of early human remains in a Siberian cave, reveals the existence of a mystery human species. The Supreme Court of Canada has struck down the country's antiprostitution laws in a unanimous decision. Pussy Riot members freed from prison A prominent Libyan dissident cannot pursue his wellfounded claim that he was unlawfully abducted in a joint MI6CIA operation, and later tortured, because to do so would damage Britain's relations with the US, a high court judge ruled on Friday. Four cops arrested for raping, molesting and threatening a minor schoolgirl for twoandahalf months. US Air Force general in charge of 450 nuclear missiles fired for 'drunken bender' on official trip to Moscow. Report finds he offended Russian counterparts with comments on Eric Snowden, tried to repeatedly perform with a bar band, and drunkenly bragged that he saves the world from war every day China has rejected 545,000 tons of imported US corn found to contain an unapproved genetically modified strain. North Korea Threatens To Strike South Korea Without Notice'  by fax About 200 cars stolen in Germany have been tracked down in Tajikistan, where most are now driven by family and friends of President Emomali Rakhmon. Philippine mayor, wife, and 2 others shot and killed at Manila airport Snowden leak confirms Denmark spying deal with US | Leaked document from NSA lists Denmark as one of nine European countries that collaborates with the '5Eyes' Uganda passes draconian antigay law Bubonic plague outbreak kills 32 in Madagascar Policeman sentenced to year in prison for blowing off man's testicles GCHQ and NSA targeted Israeli PM, charities, Germans, and EU chief Amnesty International Nearly 1,000 killed over 2 days in Central African Republic. Former CIA chief Snowden should be hanged by the neck until dead MI6 'turned blind eye' to torture of rendered detainees, finds Gibson report | Britain's intelligence agencies 'totally unprepared' for US response to 9/11 and years later 'cooperated with interrogations' NZ Customs Refuses To Answer Questions After Revelations Of Illegal Orders To Give FBI Info On Kim Dotcom For 'Brownie Points' Australian and US scientists reverse ageing in mice, humans could be next Going green record 40% of Scotland's electricity is coming from renewables Girls freed in Nigeria aby factory' raid; Nigerian police have raided a home in the southeastern state of Abia where 19 pregnant women were staying with the intent of selling their newborn babies. Canadian lottery winner donates $40 million jackpot to charity UK ake from the poor, but not the rich Tax authorities accused of 'siding' with big business over small firms and individuals Antiageing compound set for human trials after turning clock back for mice. New South Wales professor in US rolled back the key indicators of ageing to make twoyearold mice appear six months old Obama deploys small military group to South Sudan Icelands jailed bankers a model for dealing with financial terrorists Snowden ally Appelbaum claims his Berlin apartment was invaded Dennis Rodman receives open letter I was born in 1982 in Camp 14, a political prison in the mountains of North Korea. Court rules that 9/11 families can now sue Saudi Arabia Germany Should Ban U.S. Contracting Companies Passing Data to NSA U.S. contracting companies such as Cisco should be contractually barred from passing sensitive information to the U.S. security services, a spokesman for Merkel's conservatives was quoted saying Oil industry devastating Amazon communities, warns UN rapporteur. Oil companies have affected health & food sources of indigineous people Amazon region by heavily contaminating the Peruvian rainforest. No, we do not support the boycott of Israel[Palestinian President Mahmoud] Abbas told reporters. But we ask everyone to boycott the products of the settlements..in our territories..But we dont ask anyone to boycott Israel itself.We have relations with Israel. We have mutual recognition of Israel U.N. votes to protect online privacy; Edward Snowden leaks credited French company implants first artificial heart China's Moon rover has activated its science tools. Imaging experiments have begun. Vandals in Sweden have burned down for the 27th time a giant straw goat meant to symbolize the Christmas spirit. TEPCO says Radioactive cesium detected in water samples taken from deep underground Protests greet Spains move to ban abortions outside of rape and incest the head of Spains Planned Parenthood Federation, complained the reform would take Spain back to a time when Spanish women had to go to England and France to terminate their pregnancies Indigenous Groups Win Right to Seize Chevrons Canadian Assets over $18 Billion in Amazon Pollution Indian protesters ransack a Dominos Pizza outlet in a Mumbai, demand a ban on U.S. goods as officials struggle to defuse a row over the arrest of an Indian diplomat in New York Just 90 Companies account for 2/3 of all human Global Warming Emissions since Industrial Revolution Renewable energy, once a dream, lights up some of India's slums  Most huts here have no attached toilet or running water, but solar panels of all sizes appear on their asbestos rooftops. UK citizen wins legal round against Facebook over NSA Prism leaks Canadian Panel Approves Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipeline  Multibillion dollar pipeline is subject to 209 required conditions. Conservation groups condemn decision, saying the 3member panel ignores overwhelming scientific evidence against the pipeline & widespread public opposition. Kim Dotcom Ratted Out Rival FileSharing Sites, Court Documents Claim Turkish PM Erdogan calls US ambassador Ricciardone provocative implies he might be expelled Italian politician 'forced secretary to sign contract which required her to have sex with him at least four times a month' Mexican president signs controversial oil and gas law  Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has signed a controversial law that allows foreign companies to drill for oil for the first time since the sector was nationalised in 1938. Syria views Saudi Arabia as number one enemy  Syrian Deputy Foreign Minister if the world wants to avoid another September 11 incident, they must start telling Saudi Arabia 'enough is enough', Emergency spacewalk underway to fix coolant loop.  Live video feed The Economists country of the year Uruguay for legalising gay marriage and cannabis which are obviously sensible and has increased the global sum of human happiness at no financial cost Kill Gays bill just passed in Uganda  president expected to sign any day now Cuba's Raul Castro calls for 'civilised relations' with US Documents leaked by Snowden, released after Biden's visit to Brazil, ended up enraging Rousseff and changed her plans to purchase Boeing's F/A18 Super Hornet  she surprised the defense and diplomatic worlds by tapping Sweden's Saab to supply the jets Italian army reservist to be prosecuted for saving cat's life in Kosovo | Barbara Balanzoni, who saved dying cat while serving as a medical officer at a Nato base, is charged with insubordination AlQaeda in Yemen 'sorry' for hospital attack. In a rare public apology, its leader said that one of his fighters disobeyed orders and attacked a hospital attached to the defence ministry during a December assault that killed 52 people. Muslim staff at Marks & Spencer can refuse to sell alcohol and pork London School of Economics apologizes to atheist students for forcing them to coverup Tshirt with Muhammad and Jesus More than a hundred relations of Jang Songthaek, who was executed by firing squad on charges of plotting to overthrow the North Korean state, have reportedly been arrested and sent to prison camps. Top PR exec Justine Sacco under fire for sending racist tweet before flying to Africa. Justine Sacco, who is the communications director of IAC wrote Going to Africa. Hope I don't get AIDS. Just kidding. Im white! The number of government requests to remove content from Google's services has grown dramatically by 68% in the last year Anatomy of an honour killing Why a Palestinian community demanded a father murder his divorced daughter A multibilliondollar CIA covert program has helped kill rebel leaders in Colombia. Saudi Arabia Announces Plans for Joint Gulf Military of 100,000 Troops (with UAE, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Qatar) Madagascar rivals both claim poll win, allege fraud after an entire airplane filled with premarked ballots had been discovered Israel condemns US spying revelations, calls for release of Jonathan Pollard, jailed in 1980s of spying for Israel Bomb Explodes on Bat Yam Bus; One Wounded Chinese media reports of plans to build a 110,000 ton 'super aircraft carrier' to rival US naval power Former Japanese beauty queen takes on yakuza mafia in Japan A Syrian photographer who took pictures for Reuters on a freelance basis has been killed while covering fighting in Aleppo, activists said. EU fury over claims UK and US spied on competition chief Germans riot over closure of cultural centre, 82 police officers injured in altercations with demonstrators in Hamburg Three bombs exploded southern Thailand, injuring more than two dozen people in what appeared to be an attack by Islamic insurgents Explosion on Israeli bus, no one hurt police Suicide bombers kill 36 Shi'ite pilgrims in Iraq North and South Korea exchange faxes threatening to attack each other Kim Jongun very drunk when ordered execution of uncle's two aides Freed Pussy Riot member, on walking out of prison This is not an amnesty. This is a hoax and a PR move. North Korean Leader Kim JongUn's Uncle was killed because he tried to depose JongUn and replace him with his brother. Now all the Uncle's men are defecting to the South. Viral video of Spanish cops hitting female proabortionists at protest raises global alarm over the country's police brutality and tough new abortion law Girl dies after pharmacy refuses to give her the antidote Britain Furious backlash from customers over Muslim policy No way back for Britons who join the Syrian fight  Theresa May strips jihadists of citizenship to prevent them returning Creator of chickenpox vaccine dies, age 85 BT Internet filter gives parents option to block 'gay and lesbian lifestyle' content Edward Snowden will help Germany investigate NSA snooping if it grants him political asylum Scientists Link Spike in Thyroid Disease to Fukushima Disaster  And so far, 56 percent of children near Fukushima do in fact have a precancerous cyst or a nodule. Brazil's decision to buy Swedish fighter jets instead of F/A18 Super Hornets from Boeing eliminates its most promising foreignsales prospect just as the U.S. company faces critical decisions about extending the jet's production line past 2016. Islamic charity officials gave millions to alQaeda, U.S. says A 13year study of coral reefs spontaneously recovering in the Cayman Islands offers hope of refuting often doomsday forecasts about the worldwide decline of the colorful marine habitat. Bangladeshi Factory Owners Charged in Fire That Killed 112 workers, Walmart said they were unaware that their apparel was being made in such factories. Chilling Pictures Taken By The Teenage Photographer Who Was Killed In Syria 'Hell for animals Egypt's Giza Zoo beset by tear gas, bear riots and giraffe suicide. Death on the USMexican border the killings America chooses to ignore. Since 2005, patrol agents and CBP officers have killed some 42 people along the USMexican border without facing any public consequences  or any largescale media coverage UAE sentences American to 1 year for making parody video of youth culture in Dubai. Journalists banned from entering police stations across Turkey. Pregnant asylum seeker denied ultrasound miscarries in Australian detention centre, is told to lower her expectations No snow in Siberia? Locals marvel  and worry Prior to a vote today in Armenia to hand over its national natural gas distribution to Russia, an opposition member secretly stole the electronic voting card of all progovernment members, forcing them to resort to voting by a raise of hands as all opposition members walked out. Tasmania forest threatened by Coalition  Govt to push ahead plan to remove world heritage listing from a swath of Tasmanian forest, potentially reopening bitter divisions over the states timber industry. Plan to roll back hardwon protection branded fundamentally irresponsible. Uruguays neighbor Argentina now considering marijuana legalization Renowned rifle inventor Mikhail Kalashnikov dies at 94 Richard Branson Boycott Uganda over gay rights  UK business tycoon Richard Branson has called on companies and tourists to boycott Uganda after its parliament approved a bill to toughen the punishment for homosexual acts. Alan Turing Pardoned Edward Snowden, after months of NSA revelations, says his missions accomplished Israel launches airstrike in Gaza Strip in retaliation for deadly shooting Surgeon suspended over claims he branded patients liver with his own initials. Egypt declares Muslim Brotherhood 'terrorist' group Edward Snowden I already won Lung Cancer A Cloud on China's Polluted Horizon  China's doctors are starting to speak of link between air pollution & lung cancer. Youngest known patient is 8yrold girl in Jiangsu. Another is 14yrold of Shanghai, daughter of nonsmokers with no family history of lung cancer. The NSA has granted the Swedish FRA access to one of the most controversial systems in its global mass surveillance. Called Xkeyscore, the system makes it possible to monitor millions of people worldwide. On Friday, Reuters reported that RSA entered into a secret contract to make DUAL_EC_PRNG the default random number generator in the BSAFE toolkit. DUA_EC_PRNG is now known to have been backdoored by the NSA  Yesterday, RSA denied it GlaxoSmithKline Forced To Stop Paying Doctors To Promote Drugs After Major Bribery Investigation China's central bank has been forced to pump nearly $50 billion into the financial system to prevent a second damaging cash crunch this year. Poachers Kill 3 of Malawis Rare Black Rhinos  Wire snares & traps set by poachers cost Malawian National Parks 3 Critically Endangered Black Rhinoceros reintroduced 20 yrs ago after the species was declared extinct. Lack of a fence, not built due to financial scandal, let poachers enter. Germanys Largest Utility Ditches 2 LongTerm Contracts for Coal Power  The move could signal yet another shift in Germany's power mix, as renewables boom & expected electricity prices for 2014 drop. U.S. Marines poised to enter South Sudan BP Geologist  we are pretty much at peak today... expect more famine, more drought, more resource wars and a steady inflation in the energy cost of all commodities. WalMart in China accused of passing off fox meat as donkey meat UN finds mass grave with 75 bodies in South Sudan Inventor of Kalashnikov rifle dies Alan Turing, the World War Two codebreaker who later killed himself after receiving a criminal conviction for his homosexuality, is granted a Royal pardon by the Queen South Sudan sees 'mass ethnic killings Obama to make a definitive statement on NSA spying in January Thyroid Cancers Surge Among Fukushima Youths Libraries in Canada holding irreplaceable scientific data and books being quietly dismantled under the Harper government. Kim Jongun tells North Korean army to ready for combat Secret 'proJapanese' family history of North Korean leader Kim Jongun revealed; makes him liable for execution as per Korean law for being the criminals third generation Pope Francis has addressed his first Christmas message to every man or woman who hopes for a better world, who cares for others while humbly seeking to do his or her duty. Imprisoned Pussy Riot members underwent daily forced gynecological examinations Edward Snowden to broadcast Channel 4's alternative Christmas Day message NSA whistleblower records message from Russia, filmed by Laura Poitras, warning of the dangers of a loss of privacy 43 brave Indian soldiers held back 2000strong mob in South Sudan. Go away Cameron! Browser extension bypasses UK govts porn filter New Tapir Species Discovered in Amazon Rainforest of Brazil & Colombia  It's the 1st tapir discovery since 1865 & 1st time in 100 yrs a new species has been found in the Perissodactyla order, which includes rhinos, & horses. Antarctic Expedition Scientists Trapped in Ice, Sends Distress Call  Team retracing footsteps of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition of 1911. A Chinese ship is closest & will take over a day to reach them some 1,500 nautical miles. French, Antarctic, & Australian icebreakers also on way. Antigovernment Activist Beaten in Ukraine  A crusading antigovernment journalist and activist in Ukraine, who became famous last year after documenting the opulence of the heavily guarded residential compound of President Viktor F. Yanukovich, was savagely beaten early Wednesday morning. Billiondollar climate denial network exposed (Wired UK) Uruguay President Mujica Signs Marijuana Law Turkish economy, interior, environment ministers resign amid graft scandal Syria's minority Christians under threat from extremist Muslim rebels  Once a safe haven for Middle Eastern Christians, Syria has become a place where Christians are targeted for kidnapping and murder. Vatican to open poignant ancient Roman cemetery  An ancient Roman cemetery discovered under a Vatican City car park 60 years ago is to be opened to the public early in 2014. Turkish Environment Minister announces resignation, calls on PM Erdogan to quit Turkish interior and economy ministers resign after sons are charged in corruption scandal Three Turkish Ministers Step Down Amid Graft Inquiry Woman sentenced to 30 years in prison for picking mushrooms with her husband. Thailand. Border police find secret smuggling tunnel in Hong Kong Go Away Cameron UK's porn filters foiled by Chrome extension (Wired UK) Pollution for Shanghais Christmas Heavilypolluted air is expected to greet Christmas today with the Shanghai Environmental Monitoring Center forecasting an air quality index of between 220 and 240. Russia's Supreme Court on Wednesday said it will review two convictions against former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky, including a ruling the Kremlin critic said was preventing him from returning to Russia despite a presidential pardon. We counted ourselves and found we were 252. Then they put guns in through the windows and started to shoot us.  The Guardian reports from South Sudan on the brutal and sudden descent into civil war. Internet privacy as important as human rights, says UN's Navi Pillay | Navi Pillay compares uproar over mass surveillance to response that helped defeat apartheid during Today programme In a message broadcast on British television, Edward J. Snowden, the former American security contractor, urged an end to mass surveillance, arguing that the electronic monitoring he has exposed surpasses anything imagined by George Orwell in 1984, a dystopian vision of an allknowing state Reddit's /r/NorthKoreaNews raised over $2500 to rescue a North Korean refugee on a modern underground railroad Egypt names Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group  Egypt's militarybacked interim government has declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group, a dramatic escalation that gives authorities more power in cracking down on them. Police open fire on protesters in Bangkok. 96 injured. Judge Rules That NSA Can Only Spy On Phone Records Of 6.7 Billion NonAmericans The body of a Mapuche Indian leader has been found in Chile, floating in the reservoir she spent a decade trying to prevent from being created Hong Kong confirms first death from H7N9 bird flu Bletchley Park accused of airbrushing Edward Snowden from history. NSA whistleblower omitted from new exhibition on cyber security as museum says it does not want to be seen to back his actions Egyptian government Declares the Muslim Brotherhood 'a terrorist organization' Flesheating piranhas inflict deep wounds on 60 Christmas Day swimmers. Large sharks to be baited, killed, and dumped offshore to keep Western Australian beaches safe. At least 15 rare Indian bisons have mysteriously died in Thailand's national park the past few days  Food poisoning considered likeliest cause. They are among the largest living land animals. Pope To Atheists We Need Your Help New Zealand is not as clean and pure as the NZ Gov would have you think  1 in 3 NZ beaches are too polluted to swim in, and the government whilst knowing about it, have the attitude that people should just use the clean beaches rather than them doing anything about the pollutants. Snowden Says Surveillance Worse Than Orwells 1984 Envisioned A pensioner who took out a newspaper advert to avoid spending Christmas alone for the 10th year in a row enjoyed the occasion in the company of a couple who read about his plight. Saudi activist could be executed for alleged apostasy Chinesemade computer input system banned in Japanese government agencies Cryptolocker ransomware has 'infected about 250,000 PCs'.... Egypt names Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group Exposed BitTorrent Pirates at the European Parliament, And More Unexpected Places Government Shakedown in Turkey Floods leave 50,000 Brazilians homeless BBC News  Edward Snowden Christmas message End mass surveillance Edward Snowden did the world a favour by revealing the scale of surveillance by governments, according to the inventor of the internet. Sir Tim BernersLee said he believed Snowden had done us all a favour. 47% of Indian Graduates of 2013 Unemployable for Any Job Study Swedish develop selfcleaning dishware Strong explosion shakes Lebanese capital, black smoke billowing from central Beirut Former Stasi officers still employed at archives of East Germany's secret police | German president blamed as archive admits victims seeking access to files might still have to deal with former Stasi agents Woman raped, dumped, abducted again and gangraped in Karaikal  The Times of India India Has Begun Retaliating For US Arrest And Strip Search Of Diplomat Uruguay Marijuana Becomes Legal U.S. base on Japan's Okinawa allowed to move after 17year deadlock Bahrain court acquits princess on trial for torturing doctors Turkey military says will not get involved in political crisis Large explosion rocks downtown Beirut killing a former minister along with four others. Torrent temptation EU Parliament, Vatican, Hollywood download pirated content Three NATO personnel killed in Kabul suicide car bomb NATO Russia says Arafat was not poisoned and died of natural causes French and Russian teams have found no evidence of radiation poisoning Turkish prime minister loses aura of invincibility The revelations were a shock for a government accustomed to getting its way. French unemployment rises to 3.29m Stanford researcher proves NSA can probably identify individuals from phone records Dozens killed in a car bomb explosion in Downtown Beirut; Lebanon's Former Minister of Finance Mohammad Shatah Assassinated Turkeys legal morass thickened after a prosecutor said Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogans government is obstructing a graft probe by preventing detentions, disobeying court orders and allowing suspects to flee. The lira extended losses after his comments. Angolan soldiers 'rape' 950 DRC refugees Students in Nepal protest what they believe is a manufactured shortage on cooking fuel Python kills Bali security guard outside fivestar hotel. Ambar Arianto Mulyo strangled to death while trying to capture snake near Bali Hyatt hotel on Indonesian island. Turkish corruption scandal prosecutor accuses police of obstructing case Protesting Turkish prosecutor piles pressure on PM Peru To Provide Free Solar Power To 2 Million Of Its Poorest Residents By 2016 Greenwald US, British media are servants of security apparatus Conservators restoring an Antarctic exploration hut recently made a remarkable discovery a small box of 22 exposed but unprocessed photographic negatives, frozen in a solid block of ice for nearly one hundred years. More than 500 lawmakers in a Chinese city have resigned after being implicated in a bribery scandal Nigerian extremist Allah says we must decapitate Turkish riot police have blasted opposition protesters with water cannons, tear gas and plastic bullets in Istanbul in scenes reminiscent of the summer's mass antigovernment demonstrations. Some of the protesters on Friday evening threw rocks and firecrackers at police, shouting, Catch the thief! 25,000 White Army Militia March, To Kill All Rival Tribe, Wipe Out Sudan Army India suspends Bitcoin operations due to Reserve Bank warnings Beware of data spying, former NSA official warns Canadians India is checking the tax status of Americans working at schools in the country, after the arrest this month of an Indian diplomat in New York. Glenn Greenwald calls for Snowden asylum at Chaos Computer Club congress | Journalist and Edward Snowden associate Greenwald has told a major annual gathering of computer activists in Hamburg to continue fighting for online privacy, saying he did not expect meaningful political reforms. Helicopters drop TNTpacked barrels on vegetable market and next to hospital in Aleppo, killing at least 20 Venezuela car owners may have to give up nickelagallon gas Palestinians urge U.S. to block new Jewish settlements Israel plans to build 1,400 homes in its settlements in the occupied West Bank and will announce the projects next week after releasing a group of Palestinian prisoners, an Israeli official said on Friday. Pakistan Polio volunteers pull out in wake of latest murder The residents of two remote towns in Brazil's Amazon region have attacked an indigenous reserve hours after members of a local tribe fled the area and took refuge in a nearby military base UN condemns Israeli raid in West Bank US will make deal with Edward Snowden, claims former MI5 Chief African asylum seekers in Israel march on Jerusalem to protest conditions China's top legislature has formally adopted a resolution easing the country's onechild policy Tycoon Robert Wilson gives away $800 million fortune before jumping to death. Turkish protesters clash with police as supporters cheer Erdogan India Police Charge 6 in Gang Rape of Young Woman Ukraine leader warns defiant regions amid protests Uruguay's marijuana growers come out into open In a message to Pope Francis, Syrian President Bashar alAssad said his government is ready to participate in peace talks. HSBC Gets Small Fine For Terrorist Transactions BBC News  Deadly blast at Russia train station NSA drowning in overcollected data, can't do its job properly Former NSA employee, William Binney, warns that the agency collects so much useless information that it can't process it effectively Vaccine Aide Gunned Down In Pakistan Japans conservative government is considering a requirement that school history textbooks nurture patriotism and include nationalist views of World War II, a departure from the current mainstream texts. Rockets fired from Lebanon strike northern Israel Glenn Greenwald A Lot More NSA Documents to Come Snowden documents Norway is NSA's dream partner | Norwegian intelligence is an increasingly important part of U.S. global monitoring network. It appears from a topsecret document about flawlessly cooperation between Norwegian Intelligence Service and the NSA (Google Translate) Retired astronaut Chris Hadfield urges space cooperation with China It's the next logical step Egypt student dies as police open fire on protesters US may be violating its own minimum wage laws for staff in its Indian embassy. Palestinians call on USA to stop new Israeli settlements construction Exposed The Soviet Union spent $1 billion on mindcontrol program Female suicide bomber kills at least 13 people at Russian train station Feud between USA pork agriculture and Japan helping to stop TPP deal Afghanistan gains will be lost quickly after drawdown, U.S. intelligence estimate warns Canadian government, against advice from Water Protection Experts, cuts $100M from Department of Fisheries and Oceans. China's labour camp system officially abolished Turkey and Iran accused of oilforcash sanctions scheme An unfolding corruption scandal in Turkey has uncovered transactions that may have allowed Tehran to circumvent harsh U.S. and E.U. sanctions Blast rips through railway station in central Russia's Volgograd city weeks after a suicide bomber blew herself up in a bus there Corruption Scandal Implicates Turkish PM Erdogan's Son Australian government proposal to charge $6 fee for visiting a doctor (taking effect after the patient has already had 12 free visits in a year) met with controversy, criticism from Australian Medical Association A 9yearold boy from California has become the youngest person in recorded history to reach the summit of Argentina's Aconcagua mountain, which at 6,962 metres is the tallest peak in the Western and Southern hemispheres Tony Blair and George Bush exchanged voluminous correspondence prior to the start of military operations in Iraq. Now, the UK is moving to declassify details of the talks for an inquiry into Britains involvement in the conflict, British media reported. A trolley bus blast in the Russian city of Volgograd has killed at least 10 people, emergencies services reported. The explosion comes a day after a terrorist attack in the city killed 17 people Glenn Greenwald Says NSA, GCHQ Dismayed They Don't Have Access To InFlight Internet Communication The very idea that human beings can communicate for even a few moments without their ability to monitor is intolerable. 2000 tons of explosives disappear from chemical plant in Yekaterinburg, Russia Saudi Prince faces execution for murder. IT firms lose billions after NSA scandal exposed by whistleblower Edward Snowden 15 Palestinians die of hunger in Syria camp The sun has fully flipped upside down, with its north and south poles reversed to reach the midpoint of Solar Cycle 24. Now, the magnetic fields have once again started moving in opposite directions. To mark the event, Nasa has released a visualisation of the entire process. Pedophile let go by italian justice because the 11 years old victim was deemed to be in love (source in french) Special Report Japan's homeless recruited for murky Fukushima cleanup Regarding the Top Secret NSA catalog reveals US government has been secretly back dooring here are some scans. Just click the red dots or arrows, documents are english Clothing factories across Cambodia shut following strikes  Our industry is unable to continue operations given the current situation Man survives first week with artificial heart after worldfirst operation Latin America has a homophobic killings problem The gruesome murders of gays in the region are shocking. So is how rarely the violence gets reported. Antarctic ship passengers to be evacuated by Chinese helicopter Egypt Detains Al Jazeera English Journalists for Broadcasting 'False News' Its against the law to see God in Pakistan. Two who claimed to have done do face death for blasphemy Toronto police officer strips naked hundreds of people Dolphins 'Getting High' On Puffer Fish, Zoologist Rob Pilley Says The NSA Has A Way To Intercept Computers MidShipment And Install Spyware On Them Al Jazeera demands Egypt release journalists. Broadcaster urges immediate and unconditional release of detained staff, calling their arrest arbitrary. AntiFemale Genital Mutilation Campaigners Make Progress in Egypt Russia Revises Their Definition of Gay Propaganda; It Can Include Any Negative Portrayal of Heterosexuality Private talks between Tony Blair and George Bush on Iraq war to be published. 98yearold photo negatives discovered in Antarctica The Japanese Mob Is Hiring Homeless People to Clean Up Fukushima U.S. Furious With Israel After Sale of Advanced Military Technology to China Leaked documents from Jacob Appelbaum show NSA can see every communication through backdoor access to your iPhone The NSA's elite hackers can hijack your WiFi from 8 miles away | Alongside prepackaged exploits that allowed control over iOS devices and any phone communicating through GSM, Appelbaum detailed a device that targets computers through packet injection, seeding exploits from up to 8 miles away. Mass murderer Breivik treated better than hacker, campaign says Terrorists planned to nuke Indian city and quietly paste evacuation posters in mosques to save Muslims Women threatened with deportation after exposing sexual harassment at UK detention centre Uruguay may have started a marijuana legalization storm in Latin America (xpost from /r/LatinAmerica) British exspy launches foundation to support whistleblowers | Annie Machon, a former MI5 operative who blew the whistle on the UKs dubious spying activities, has started a new fund to support other whistleblowers such as former NSA contractor Edward Snowden. NSA can turn on your iPhones camera, mic without you knowing France's 75% 'millionaire tax' to become law Chinese doctor has admitted in court that she stole babies from the hospital where she worked and sold them to human traffickers, China state media and a court said. Indian boy is stripped, hanged upsidedown and beaten to death for stealing biscuits The NSA Reportedly Has Total Access To The Apple iPhone Kim Jonguns $300 million ski resort boondoggle is really, truly, almost finished NSA Uses Windows Error Messages To Spy On People Researchers find 7,300mile ring of mercury around tar sands in Canada  Bitumen in the tar sands being excavated to produce oil is the likely culprit of the mercury deposits Everything that the United States government accused the Chinese of doing  which they are also doing, I believewe are learning that the US government has been doing to American companies, Secret NSA spy programs exposed at conference in Germany by security researcher Jacob Appelbaum Israel May Start Paying for All Abortions for Women Between 20 & 33 Years Old  Health officials indicate they eventually intend to expand it to offer abortion funding to women of all ages. China Says 8 Million Acres Of Farmland Now Too Polluted For Food Egypt confiscates assets of more than 500 leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood in crackdown Passengers Ridicule Canadian Airline for Sexist Ticket Policy  Maybe let your bosses know that those of us who are not married to June Cleaver find this deeply insulting, one passenger tweeted at Air Canada. While the media gave nonstop coverage to the drama of Phil Robertson, this was happening in Uganda with the support of U.S. churches. Energy minister wants four million solar panels installed on government land and buildings Thai street vendors using hospital xray films to make bulletproof vests to sell Vladimir Putin vows 'total annihilation' of terrorists after Volgograd bombings Children in cages Human rights group accuses Israel of torture Latvia enters Eurozone and becomes the 18th state to join. Canada is headed in the wrong direction, majority says in poll Most Australians want Google to stop giving data to US spy agencies WikiLeaks Julian Assange Calls on Computer Hackers to Unite Against NSA Surveillance Finnish HIV vaccine testing to begin  Previous tests have shown that the vaccine may have the ability to stop the progression of the disease, or at best to eliminate the HIV virus completely Japan will revise its constitution, which limits its military activities to selfdefense by 2020, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Email is broken  but Dark Mail Alliance is aiming to fix it | Edward Snowden's email provider is teaming up with secure communications firm Silent Circle to try and fix email for good Hadron Collider upgrade will lead to highest energy particle collisions ever attempted in efforts to solve questions over Dark Matter Elephant deaths rise in Tanzania after shoottokill poachers policy is dropped  60 animals utchered' in 2 months since crackdown was suspended after inquiry uncovered murder, rape & extortion Russia wishes NATO a Happy New Year by posing next to an intercontinental ballistic missile Hidden Poverty  The Well People Of Beijing Dubbed the new 'cave dwellers' of Beijing, these people were recently found living in the city's underground water system. Society's lowest rung raises hard questions about modern China. Latvia Becomes 18th Eurozone Member Palestinian ambassador in Prague injured in explosion Six killed in New Year's eve bomb blast in Philippines Saudi royal faces death penalty for murder of citizen The identity of the prince has not been released but Crown Prince Sultan bin Salman has given approval for the execution to take place. 'Sharia (Islamic law) shall be applied to all without exception.' The Daily Dot  The 10 NSA leaks you need to understand in 2013 Egypt Says 3 Journalists Will Be Held 15 More Days Pope Francis Encourages Bishop to Condemn SameSex Parenting The Archbishop of Canterbury, the principal leader of the Church of England, has urged bank bosses to make a massive cultural change in their management style. He says many refuse to accept how they dragged the world economy into crisis in 2008. British ExSpy Launches Fund to Support Whistleblowers Like Snowden | Threat Level Climate Change Vastly Worse Than Previously Thought India, Pakistan exchange nuclear facilities list Alberta Woman Sues Over Flammable Tap Water Japan's population falls y record 244,000' in 2013 Kolkata police 'hijack' rape victim's hearse, forcibly cremate body Gangraped twice and dumped in a government hospital for nine days with fatal burns, the 16yearold victim had no peace even after death. Young people 'feel they have nothing to live for' Rob Ford proclaims himself the best mayor that this city has ever had, registers for 2014 election The US has been voted as the most significant threat to world peace in a survey across 68 different countries Blast that killed Palestinian ambassador occurred after he opened office safe that had been sealed for 30 years JP Morgan bonuses for top London staff in 2012 revealed an average of near $3 million Global poll US is the greatest threat to world peace AlQaeda in Iraq dictates men's clothing choices  anyone wearing what they described as irreligious clothes, such as neckties and ordinary shirts imprinted with words in English or images of international celebrities would be punished Fox flesh found in donkey meat package at WalMart Not so anonymous VPN uses Snowden's name for PR 'Some may think thats a clever move, but it is rather ironic since HideMyAss previously handed over personal details of a Lulzsec member to the US Government' Jamaican bobsleigh team are back in the running for Winter Olympics glory. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has used the unlikely platform of the religious slot on the BBC's Today programme to condemn attempts by US and UK governments to acquire a godlike knowledge of citizens through mass surveillance. Pope Francis drew 6.6 million to Vatican in 2013, three times Benedict US customs officials destroy flute virtuosos instruments Rape suspect stoned to death by irate mob. The unidentified man, 32, was beaten with sticks and then stoned by a Cape Town crowd. The rape victim was just 15. New protests after suicide of 16yearold gangraped twice in Calcutta Gangsters who twice raped a 16yearold girl and threatened to kill her father unless she dropped the charges had political patronage, says veteran womens rights campaigner Indian lawyer Kapila Hingorani, who  assisted by her three practicing lawyer children  fought more than 100 cases in the Supreme Court, voicing concern for the poor, tortured and remedyless before the judiciary for 60 years, has died. She was 86. Japan's State Secrets Law Hailed By U.S., Denounced By Japanese  Parallels  NPR Walmart recalls donkey meat from China stores because it may contain fox meat Skype twitter account hacked by Syrian Electronic Army. Tweets that Microsoft is selling user data to governments. Palestinian ambassador opens 20 year old safe, gets blown up An Australian father has been charged by police over the alleged genital mutilation of his infant daughter while they were holidaying overseas Charity fundraiser dressed as superhero attacked and robbed on a run across Canada Putin sends new year's greetings to Obama