 Bolivia furious its president's plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Austria because of rumour US fugitive Edward Snowden was on board. Act of aggression Bolivia to file UN complaint over airspace blockade German government refuses asylum for Snowden US spying row France wants suspension of trade talks between EU and US over spying claims Egypt's army threatens to march with protesters and take over government if demands aren't met by tomorrow. Iran's incoming president says Facebook should be unblocked and the Islamic dress code should be softened Canadian Lotto Winner Leaves $10,000 Tip for Diner Owner With Sick Daughter  just had burger and fries Hidden microphone found at Ecuador's embassy in UK, says foreign minister  Microphone was found last month inside office of Ecuadorean ambassador, in building where Julian Assange resides For more than two and a half weeks now, Bulgarians have been taking to the streets daily. Is the world watching? Police State Canada Communications Security Establishment Canada (CSEC) Runs Massive Domestic Spying Program Live coverage Crisis in Egypt. Latest Muslim Brotherhood refused to meet army commanders. Everyone in Egypt holding their breath these 2 hrs when deadline for pres Morsi ends  Army in meetings, both sides ready for the streets Julian Assange calls on Europe to 'welcome' fugitive Edward Snowden Ecuador says it found a hidden microphone at its London embassy  Reuters Turkish court scraps plan to redevelop Taksim Square Norway will reconsider asylum for Snowden Spain has opened its airspace to Bolivian president Evo Morales' plane, after it was diverted to Austria amid suspicions Edward Snowden was on board Bug found at Ecuador's embassy in London Missing man, 43, is rescued after being forced to work as a slave for 13 years in Wales Snowden case France denies blocking Bolivia plane  Two officials with the French Foreign Ministry said Wednesday that Morales' plane had authorization to fly over France. They would not comment on why Bolivian officials said otherwise. Bug is found in Ecuador Embassy in London Edward Snowden's digital 'misuse' has created problems, says Ban Kimoon Judge OKs deal for HSBC bank to pay $1.9 billion penalty for helping Mexican drug traffickers, Iran, Libya and others Guantanamo Bay Detainees to Be ForceFed at Night Out of Respect for Ramadan Indian movie banned in Pakistan because it shows a Muslim girl falling in love with a Hindu boy Another lie from James Clapper. He says he forgot about the Patriot Act. Morsi Overthrown No jail time for Olympus bosses who committed $1.7 billion accounting fraud Icelandic parliament has a bill that would give Snoweden Icelandic citizenship ...Beyond its criminality, lying to Congress destroys the pretense of oversight. Obviously, members of Congress cannot exercise any actual oversight over programs which are being concealed by deceitful national security officials EU Parliament votes to launch indepth inquiry into US surveillance programmes with huge majority When states monitored their citizens we used to call them authoritarian. Now we think this is what keeps us safe? Snowden latest Protesters burn French flags and attack French embassy in La Paz after France bans president's plane from air space German Social Democrat chairman Sigmar Gabriel The first step has to be that public prosecutors travel to Moscow to depose Mr. Snowden as a witness. If they come away with the impression that he is a reliable witness, then admitting him to the witness protection program must be considered. Human Cost of US Drone Strikes in Yemen  Interviews with witnesses to casualties. They were mothers, fathers, children & grandparents  & they stand in contrast to claims US does not launch missiles into Yemen unless there's a nearcertainty no civilians will be killed or injured. The Rupert Murdoch tape. Incompetent cops, regrets over his own investigation, promises to protect Sun journalists a secret recording reveals Rupert Murdoch's real attitudes to the scandal that has engulfed his empire. France's external intelligence agency spies on the French public's phone calls, emails and social media activity in France and abroad says the daily Le Monde said on Thursday It's happened. Military just took over the streets of cairo! Catholic establishment up in arms as Pope Francis shakes up the church Helmand's top female police officer shot dead The most senior female police office in Afghanistans Helmand province, and a symbol of improving womens rights in the face of Taliban hostility, has been shot dead. Mastercard and Visa Start Banning VPN Providers 'Full military coup' underway in Egypt, tanks & APCs seen on streets. Security forces have placed a travel ban on President Morsi and a number of top Muslim Brotherhood officials International gangsterism in Snowden manhunt Snowden case France apologises in Bolivia plane row US refuses to comment on Morales plane but admits contact with other nations over potential Snowden flights German official Drop U.S. sites if you fear spying  Internet users worried about their personal information being intercepted by U.S. intelligence agencies should stop using websites that send data to the United States, Germanys top security official said Wednesday. A British investigative web site, has just published the full transcript of a secretly recorded meeting between media mogul Rupert Murdoch and the staff of The Sun WikiLeaks says MasterCard lifts 'financial blockade' WikiLeaks announced in a press release Wednesday that MasterCard International has reversed its decision to not process payments for WikiLeaks and that customers can once again contribute to the sites operation Iran commemorates victims of US attack on passenger plane Snowden Applies for Asylum in Iceland Man dies from new coronavirus in UK Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan were told by their superiors to ignore incidents where Afghan soldiers and interpreters sexually assaulted young boys. Bolivian President Evo Morales says he won't hesitate to close the U.S. embassy European countries need to liberate themselves from the imperialism of the Americans. US President Barack Obama has been urged to appear in front of the European Parliament to explain the allegations that US authorities spied on EU embassies. Tech firms including Microsoft are said to voluntarily give advanced warning to the US government of vulnerabilities in software products sold to governments overseas before they are patched, allowing US agencies to effectively use them to conduct foreign surveillance. Iranian swimmer Elham Asghari swam 20km in full Islamic dress. But her recordbreaking ninehour feat has not been recognised by national authorities because she is a woman. If you think that government and the financial industry are a bit too friendly in the U.S., try England. London's version of Wall Street is called the City. And in the City, the line between government and corporate interests gets even blurrier. Critics say it's time for change. CIA whistleblower to Snowden Do not cooperate with the FBI Egypt army opens fire on proMorsi protesters  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Icelandic parliament refuses to grant Snowden citizenship. Egypt 80 sexual assaults in one day  the other story of Tahrir Square South American leaders demand apology in plane row  The presidents of Argentina, Ecuador, Suriname, Venezuela and Uruguay joined Morales in the Bolivian city of Cochabamba late Thursday to address the diplomatic row. Morales warned that he would close the U.S. Embassy in Bolivia if necessary. France rejects Snowden's application for citizenship. If Snowden enters France, the police would be compelled to arrest and extradite him Spain Claims It Was 'Told' Snowden Was On Morales' Flight Rupert Murdoch upset that he's been paying off the press for years, and all of a sudden people are having a problem with it For US, Assistance Given to Snowden Is No Trifling Matter US sends strong message that whoever takes in the NSA whistleblower 'will face serious repercussions' Muslim Brotherhood accuses Egypt's new president of being secretly Jewish Forcing down Evo Morales's plane was an act of air piracy Bolivian President threatens to shut down U.S. embassy following the forced stop of presidential plane in Austria. We dont need US Embassy in Bolivia Early in Obama's first term, some 78 percent of Germans saw the US as a country that could be trusted. This week, though, following revelations of largescale US spying in Europe and vast Internet surveillance, that trust has taken a hit. EU votes to support suspending U.S. data sharing agreements, including passenger flight data Russia criticises European states for 'unfriendly' diversion of Bolivian president Morales' plane India passes worlds largest Food Security bill US sends Irish Government arrest warrant for Snowden  Move a preemptive strike to stop fugitive intelligence analyst landing at Shannon on way to Cuba Only six members of Icelandic Parliament are in favor of granting Edward Snowden citizenship. China and Russia start largestever joint military drills 29 boarding school students burned alive, shot dead by Islamist militants in Nigeria Venezuela announces they WILL give Edward Snowden political asylum! 'Not Your Colony' Bolivia Threatens Shutdown of US Embassy South American leaders flank the Bolivian President as he rails against US air piracy in manhunt for Snowden Huge explosion in LacMegantic, Quebec. The city literally on fire. Mexican police chief in the state of Jalisco killed with rifle lost in ATF guntracking program European intelligence agencies carry out massive Internet spying; this French Big Brother works in secret. It defies all control. Libya aiming to make rape in armed conflict a war crime Murdoch Under New Pressure After Secret Bribes Tape Released European businesses are likely to abandon the services of American internet providers because of the National Security Agency surveillance scandal, the European commission has warned. US Ambassador to Austria Reportedly Responsible for False Claim Snowden Was on Bolivian Leaders Plane Human breast milk is the latest delicacy amongst China's wealthy, with a growing number of companies offering wet nurses for adults. Xinxinyu, a domestic staff agency in Shenzhen . . . allows adult clients to drink directly through breastfeeding or via a breast pump 'if they feel embarrassed'. 'The real threat to our future is peak water' As population rises, overpumping means some nations have reached peak water, which threatens food supply Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro offers US fugitive Edward Snowden asylum, following similar offer from Nicaragua BBC reporter Jeremy Bowen shot in Egypt as demonstrations end in bloodshed Costa Rica accidentally legalizes gay marriage Edward Snowden Asylum To Be Offered By Venezuela, President Nicols Maduro Says Abortion debate flares in Chile over case of raped 11year old. 'Doctors say her life and that of the fetus are at high risk, but abortion is banned in Chile' Egypt unrest Morsi marchers die as they are fired upon by the army, Muslim Brotherhood vows to protest until he is reinstated Israel debates pricetag attacks on Muslims, where for each illegal settlement post removed or settlement attacked on the West Bank, Muslim family's within Israel proper face an attack. Bugged by US spying, EU may sever ties with American internet providers Nicaragua Willing to Grant Asylum to Snowden Muslim Brotherhood site says Egypts new president is secretly Jewish Venezuela offers asylum to U.S. intelligence leaker Snowden Reports Nicaragua willing to grant Snowden asylum Venezuela Leader Claims CIA Behind Morales Plane Incident Asiana Airlines Boeing 777 has crashed at the San Francisco International Airport US attempts to block Edward Snowden are olstering' case for asylum U.S. spied on millions of emails and calls of Brazilians Latest Snowden Leak Reveals! Sweden vetoes EU investigation against US Spying Indian Temple Where Buddha Reached Enlightenment Hit by Bomb Blasts Everybody in Guantanamo has been tortured or abused  former detainee Muslim Brotherhood recruited Syrians and Palestinians to shoot at antiMorsi protestors Massacre in Myanmar ignored by almost everyone. NSW Beaches Flooded with Millions of Liters of Waste Water in Past 2 Yrs  Water treatment plants put on bypass about 600 times in 24 months, posing a health risk to swimmers & surfers. The community has a right to know when they are swimming in waste water. Snowden Accuses Germany of Aiding NSA in Spying Efforts Antarctic Lake Vostok buried under two miles of ice found to teem with life The 'Edward Snowden Aviation Clu and other ways to beat US persecution Some countries have offered asylum but he will need transport. How about concerned citizens raising money for a private plane? Rupert Mudoch's Exwife Exposed as Senior Chinese Spy! Russia's Putin says Egypt moving towards civil war Video shows antiMursi protesters thrown off building in Alexandria by Islamist supporters of ousted president Mohammad Mursi Glen Greenwald Edward Snowden confirmed to me today that the statement released by wikileaks was written exclusively by Snowden All internet traffic routed through the UK is kept accessible for GCHQ in a buffer for three days Venezuela says no contact with Snowden since asylum offer Sweden and UK block US Europe spy talks Egyptian gas pipeline to Jordan blown up; five Egyptian security officers killed at checkpoints Toxic Radiation in Groundwater at Fukushima  Tritium, a radioactive isotope of hydrogen used in glowinthedark watches, is present at levels 10 times permitted rate. In June, highly toxic strontium90 were found at levels 30 times the permitted rate. Russian Official Says Venezuela Is the Best Solution for Snowden (New York Times) Israel Passes Military Draft Bill BBC News  ElBaradei to become Egyptian PM Turkish police intervene as protesters attempted to peacefully reenter Gezi Park Mexico Teenager stabbed to death for recording votebuying with his cellphone. He was attacked by PRI militants, the current party in power. Pope Francis It hurts my heart when I see a priest or a nun with the latest model of car U.S. To Latin American Countries Offering Asylum To Snowden We Won't Put Up With This Kind Of Behavior President of Zimbabwe tells gay couples to have a baby or they face jail I should like to shut them up in some room and see if they get pregnant. If they dont then its jail because they have claimed they can have children. So, to that kind of rot, we say no! Canada's new chief scientist proclaims Scientific discovery is not valuable unless it has commercial value. Billionaire Gives His $3 Million Bonus To Workers Mos Def force fed under standard Gitmo procedure to demonstrate the treatment of the hunger strikers. Snowden Reveals How GCHQ in Britain Soaks Up Mass Internet Data A 16yearold boy was arrested at a Pink concert in Australia after he tweeted a reference to the singer's Timebomb song Andy Murray defeats Novak Djokovic to win Wimbledon men's final, becomes first British man to win since 1936. Bolivia joins the party, also grants asylum for Edward Snowden Ban Ki Moon goes to a private meeting with Icelandic officials and condemns Snowden. Pirate Party's Birgitta Jnsdttir's response  Ban Ki Moon sucks Pentagon Papers leaker Snowden was right to run Video captures camouflaged military sniper firing into a crowded demonstration in Cairo Cuba's Raul Castro criticizes U.S., backs allies on Snowden Donald Trump fails to deliver on Scottish golf resort jobs pledge. By his own admission, Mr Trump has created no more than 200 of his promised 6,000 jobs Canadians continue to trade fundamental freedoms away to the Harper Government for security AlJazeera kicked out of Egypt news conference US escalates threats against governments considering asylum for Snowden Egypt after Mursi  Suddenly there is electricity and petrol again which raises questions and nourishes rumors UN report says Mexicans are the heaviest on the planet, outweighing Americans even as they battle hunger and malnutrition. 11YearOld Chilean Rape Victims Health Is In Danger Because She Cant Get An Abortion At least 50 drinkers in bar feared dead after runaway train devastates Canadian town Russian plane to conduct observation flights over US, Canada A new form of protest is emerging in Turkey  people's forums. A loosely organised group with no political or religious affiliation is keeping the government to account. Hero Fukushima exmanager who foiled nuclear disaster dies of cancer It was Yoshidas own decision to disobey HQ orders to stop using seawater to cool the reactors. Instead he continued to do so and saved the active zones from overheating and exploding Majority of people worldwide believe corruption has worsened  governments less effective at curbing it since 2008 financial collapse New Edward Snowden video interview released Ireland's High Court refuses to grant arrest warrant for Snowden  The Irish Times How The Guardian Broke the Snowden Story ... and what it says about the British media company's emerging threat to The New York Times. Snowden chooses Venezuela for asylum, agrees to Maduro offer  Russian MP Warren Buffett just donated 22,870,529 shares of Berkshire Hathaway stock to five charities. The gift is worth $2.6 billion. Fukushima groundwater now 90x more radioactive than Friday Gay tourists could face jail following new antigay law in Russia. LGBT people in Russia are scared, they live in fear Australian director of the Centre for Alcohol Policy Research, says marijuana should be legalised under strict controls because the social harm associated with it was significantly less than from drinking. Ruling party in Turkey stops own bill, thinking it was proposed by the opposition The European Union has brokered a legallybinding deal to improve worker rights and safety standards in Bangladesh, but some US companies, including WalMart and Gap, have opted out, on the grounds that the deal gives too much power to local unions. Brazilian Politicians Want To Offer Snowden Asylum After Learning Of US Spying On Brazilians Tibetan monks celebrating Dalai Lama birthday shot at by Chinese police Osama bin Laden was stopped for speeding in car while on run in Pakistan report reveals Christian healer, who groped three women patients at British home, is jailed  He tried to convince jurors that victims were experiencing phantom hands. The judge the explanation was a significant lie and jailed him for two years. Three Strikes and Youre Still In  France Kills Piracy Disconnections  France has backtracked on the law that allowed users to be disconnected from the Internet. Today a decree was published which removed the possibility for filesharers to have their connections cut for copyright infringement Brazil Opens Investigation into US Spying 22 Staffers Resign At AlJazeera Over Claims Of Biased Coverage In Egypt Toronto battered by storm, flooding; 300,000 residents in the dark Second 'Prisoner X' held in top secret in Israel Venezuela receives formal asylum request from Snowden A Spanish newspaper has published what it alleges are documents showing Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and other top politicians received illicit payments. Revealed NSA Put Latin American Countries in CyberSpying Crosshairs Pollution in northern China has led to drop of 5 years in lifespan. The Pirate Bay founder is raising money for spyproof messaging app Expert calls for marijuana to be legalised to reduce harm of binge drinking in teens Congress derails Obama plans to arm Syrian rebels In a landmark judgement, Indian Supreme Court has said people convicted of crime cannot hold parliamentary positions Spain Admits U.S. Behind Rumor Snowden Was Aboard Bolivian Jet Photographer films his own death by sniper in Egypt. (GRAPHIC.) Japan officials mistakenly reveal internal memos  They used the wrong privacy settings for Google Groups online discussions, allowing anyone to see internal memos, including over 6,000 cases of info from public or private organizations, among them, hospital records. The reality is that the engine of corruption is driven by our international banking system, the problem of anonymous shell companies, and the secrecy we afford to big oil, gas and mining operations.  Chairman Gooch Over 37 Million Dead Bees Killed In Ontario Due To Suspected Neonicotinoid Pesticides, Which Are Banned In The EU Nudists in France demand change in law, saying they are being criminalized and treated as sex offenders just for taking clothes off Mission creep Australian local council intercepted phone, email data to hunt litterbugs Activist films evidence of horrendous animal conditions at alberta zoo, owner calls activist domestic terrorist Egypt Muslim Brotherhood Gunmen Open Fire On Church, Third Attack On Christians In 24 Hours Saudi Arabia approves $5 billion aid package to Egypt Finnish minister of interior encourages people to obey the Bible instead of the law Egypt issues arrest warrant for Muslim Brotherhood leader on charges of inciting violence in Cairo when 51 died. Parts installed upside down caused Russian rocket to explode last week Unapproved GM rice found in US exports to over 30 countries Gay youth club shooter, who killed 2 and injured 11 in Tel Aviv Israel, said he did it because of the biblical edict to attack homosexuals Exclusive US bankrolled antiMorsi activists In the Philippines, masturbation is murder. Australian [Vic] local council accessed phone, email metadata to hunt litterbugs & unregistered pet owners Canadian authorities have found evidence that a train that crashed in LacMegantic, Quebec, was tampered with. BBC News  Egypt Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohammed Badie arrest ordered Chile 11yearold pregnant rape victim banned from getting abortion, even though doctors say that the pregnant girl's health is in danger. The Catholic countrys conservative government has opposed lifting the ban on abortion numerous times in the past. Russia Says It Will Arrest Openly Gay Tourists US allies Mexico, Brazil, Colombia and Chile have joined other Latin American nations in demanding answers from Washington over spying allegations. Diplomats cry foul as Obama donors take over top embassy jobs Snowden I never gave any information to Chinese or Russian governments Londons police spend over $16,000 per day to stake out Julian Assange World Service Authority has issued a world citizen passport for Edward Snowden Saudi princess arrested in California human trafficking investigation Pope Francis overhauled the laws that govern the Vatican City State, criminalizing leaks of Vatican information and specifically listing sexual violence, prostitution and possession of child pornography as crimes against children that can be punished by up to 12 years in prison Putin sends a signal Russian lawyer who exposed police corruption and was beaten to death by the police he accused, is convicted of tax fraud by Russia after his death. Kremlin turns back to typewriters to avoid security leaks Police investigate 'United Stasi of America' artist We aired lies Al Jazeera staff quit over misleading Egypt coverage Horrifying accounts of a massacre of Muslim students by Buddhists in Myanmar. Laser show on the US embassy in Berlin United Stasi of America Mexican president says possible U.S. spying 'totally unacceptable' Sales of adult diapers surpass baby diapers in aging Japan Parched Jordan to Start Pumping from 300,000YrOld Aquifer  Problem is, 2008 study by Duke University shows the water has 20 times more radiation than is safe, with radium content that could trigger cancers. But the govt has brushed aside those concerns. Julian Assange stakeout at Ecuadorean embassy costs Met police 3.8m (so far); MP cites misallocation as ridiculous waste of time & resources Man aged 23 dies after Manchester police shoot him with Taser India is 'ready to use' Blackberry message intercept system Blackberry is ready to provide the Indian authorities with a way to intercept consumers' messages sent and received on its platform. Chinese police say employees of drug maker GlaxoSmithKline bribed doctors, hospitals BMW said China will surpass the U.S. this year as its No. 1 market Infighting threatens Egypt transition plan, army orders arrests Anonymous hactivists reveal files of corrupt governing party in Spain France to stop the Threestrikes law. Canadians win $250,000 dollar prize for first human powered helicopter. The prize has been unclaimed for 33 years. Edward Snowden calls meeting with Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch at Sheremetyevo airport 'US officials are preventing me claiming asylum' Russian lawmakers say Snowden deserves Nobel Peace Prize Snowden No actions I take or plan are meant to harm the US...I want the US to succeed., Asks for political asylum in Russia Snowden watch Todays MoscowHavana flight taking a very unusual detour that avoids U.S. airspace. Currently over the Atlantic. Telstra storing data on behalf of US government 'The data Telstra stored for the US government includes the actual content of emails, online messages and phone calls.' Irish government passes legislation to allow for an abortion if a womans life is at risk, including from suicide. Amnesty International Having seen the evidence, the US should immediately drop the Aiding the Enemy charge against WikiLeaks source Bradley Manning Happening now Minutebyminute LIVE coverage of Snowden's meeting with human rights groups. Corrupt Zimbabwe hospital charged women in labor $5 for every scream. Average annual income is only $150 so many give birth at home; eight women die during childbirth every day in Zimbabwe. Edward Snowden requests human rights groups meeting Turkey's Protests Won't Die Like Occupy Wall Street Did Tired of helping CIA? Quit Facebook, Venezuela minister urges Hubble telescope spots azure blue planet where it rains glass Experts advise Snowden fly commercial Al Qaeda kills Free Syrian Army commander FSA spokesman Saudi princess posts $5million bail, will be freed Edward Snowden to meet human rights groups Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch at Moscow airport Fri 7/12/13 US ships F16s to Egypt as military intensifies crackdown Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai is to address the United Nations as part of her campaign to ensure free compulsory education for every child. Media Disinformation 22 Resignations at Al Jazeera over proMuslim Brotherhood bias Egypt coverage. Saudi, UAE and Kuwait provide $12 bil to Egypt, delighted at army's ousting of President Mohamed Mursi A young woman stoned to death for having a cell phone after ruling by a Panchayat The wheels are coming off the whole of southern Europe Thousands of workers across Brazil walked off their jobs in a peaceful nationwide strike demanding better working conditions We're here to demand that Dilma follows through on her promises UN human rights chief says whistleblowers need protection One step forward, two steps backward Egypt's new constitution declares Islam state religion, and Shariah as the basis for law. A 20yearold college student was gangraped and set on fire in India. Shockingly, the police not only refused to register the case but also blames victim of setting herself ablaze and lying S. American states to withdraw ambassadors from Europe over Bolivian plane incident Malala Yousafzai, teen shot by Taliban to U.N. The extremists were afraid of education. That is why they're blasting schools every day. Because they're afraid of progress, afraid of change. Let us pick up our books and our pens. They are our most powerful weapons. Education is the only solution. In her first speech since Taliban tried to kill her for advocating education for girls, Malala Yousafzai celebrated her 16th birthday at the UN, appealing for compulsory free schooling for all children. One child, one teacher, one pen and one book can change the world... Container ship breaks in two in the Indian Ocean. 7000 containers lost. Turkey redefines armed forces' duties  only to defend against external threats. Wikipedia Fears That Russian AntiPiracy Law Could Shut Them Down  The new legislation allows copyright holders to have websites blocked if they link to infringing material. Wikipedia has millions of hyperlinks to content that may or may not be authorized. Snowden Affair Dampens USLatin American Ties Colombia demands answers on U.S. spying as Latin America seethes Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire at London Heathrow Airport 'Many hurt' in France train crash Australian chief scientist act now, or expect deadly 'postantibiotics era' Egypt Punishes the Palestinians  Egypt is allowed to strangle the entire Gaza Strip and deny its people food and fuel, especially on the eve of the holy fasting month of Ramadan, but one hardly hears about these antiPalestinian measures they are being carried out by an Arab country, not by Israel Obama Administration Accuses Russia of Giving Snowden Propaganda Platform Two Saudis sentenced to eight and nine years in prison for protesting monarchy 80 Acres of Ancient Woodland in Kent to be Destroyed for Quarry Site  Hermitage quarry to extend into Oaken Wood, the subject of a fierce planning battle. With just 2% ancient woodland cover remaining, we can not afford to lose any more. Rail boss scapegoats LacMgantic, Quebec train driver. Chairman Ed Burkhardt was met by a public outraged by MMAs negligence and its efforts to blame others for Canadas worst railway disaster in more than a century. Mayor in Quebec admitted to killing kittens [translation in comments] Obama speaks with Putin on Snowden, but no sign of movement 75% of the World's Mining Companies Are Based in Canada U.S. to buy Russianmade choppers for Afghanistan despite Assad ties Malala's Forgotten Sisters; Girls as young as 5 are still being sold into marriage in Pakistan. And no one will stop it. Suicide bomber kills 33 as Iraqis play Ramadan game in Kirkuk cafe Snowden I did not seek to enrich myself. I did not seek to sell US secrets. I did not partner with any foreign government to guarantee my safety. I took what I knew to the public, so what affects all of us can be discussed by all of us in the light of day, and I asked the world for justice. Northern Ireland Told it would get his grandpa into heaven, a 7 year old boy submitted to sex with a predatory Catholic priest  The defendant said that this was to get his grandfather into heaven and that if he told anyone it would not work Snowden documents could be 'worst nightmare' for U.S., if something bad happened to him After searching the Bolivian President's plane for Snowden, Morales says the US has hacked into his emails. South Fires Back At US Bully Repeated US attempts by the Bush and Obama administrations to bully the rest of the world into compliance, using a combination of military might and economic blackmail, are beginning to backfire and meet with moral resistance. Greenwald U.S. should be on its knees begging that nothing happens to Snowden South Korea's Asiana Airlines considering legal action against TV station, NTSB  Bogus pilot names, that phonetically spelled out phrases such as Something Wrong and We Too Low, were read during KTVU's noon broadcast Friday. Summary of 11 Shocking Things Snowden Has Taught Us (So Far) Snowden revelations stir up antiUS sentiment the selfconfessed National Security Agency leaker has managed to orchestrate a very different political phenomenon the biggest bout of antiAmericanism since the Iraq war Egypt 'freezes assets' of Muslim Brotherhood leaders Iran's presidentelect signals he's on young people's side Presidentelect Hassan Rouhani says he wants less government control in Iran over women's dress, the Internet and mixing of the sexes. Colombian judge says gay couple can marry Turkish prime minister's new chief adviser There is work going on in many centres in the world to kill Erdoan from afar through methods like telekinesis 'It was a kill mission' independent Bin Laden panel contradicts US claims Genes a reason poor kids struggle at school, says Australian government report US Officials Israel targeted Russianmade missiles in Syria Pablo Picasso's stepdaughter said 407 works by the late Spanish artist were stolen from her chateau in southern France Italian investigators have opened an inquiry into claims by a convicted paedophile priest that an underage prostitution ring has been operating inside the Holy Roman Church with clergymen hiring rentboys for sex inside churches Q&A with Glenn Greenwald Americans reaction surprising and gratifying Al Jazeera's Awful Week How the voice of Arab freedom became a shill for Egypt's Islamists. Morales says US hacked Bolivian leaders' emails Southern Europe Is Becoming One Big Surveillance State Burma risks becoming 'the next Rwanda' as violence grows The White House is turning up the pressure on Moscow over Snowden. Will it make any difference? Spain's Running Of The Bulls Ended With A Horrific Pileup In Front Of The Bullring Entrance Reykjavk to end sister cities relationship with Moscow because of gay rights violations in Russia 19 yearold Hacker Reveals How Brazil's Elections Were Rigged Linguist Finds a Language in Its Infancy  the language, called Warlpiri rampaku, created by children, is spoken only by people under 35 in Lajamanu, an isolated village in Northern Australia Heroic effort at great personal cost Edward Snowden nominated for Nobel Peace Prize Hundreds of centuriesold trees chopped down to make room for the Pope's visit in Brazil Slavery is a $32bn global industry, so why aren't we following the money trail? Britain to use secret evidence in court The Justice and Security Act 2013 (JSA) came into force this month. The key provision contained within the legislation creates a new judicial procedure which will permit the use of secret evidence in any civil trial in the UK. EU Commissioner We Dont Want U.S. Reading Our Mail and Listening to Our Phone Calls Israeli PM threatens to attack Iran 'World's Oldest Calendar' Discovered in Scottish Field  It's thousands of years older than previous known formal timemeasuring monuments created in Mesopotamia. It is remarkable to think our aerial survey helped find the place where time itself was invented. China aims to quadruple solar power generating capacity within two years Poland bans Kosher slaughter of animals. Ethical or Intolerant? Australias largest telco stored data for FBI NHS Hit for Millions by Overcharging Scam  Drug companies exploit loophole in the law to hike prices by as much as 2,000% Police continued to fire Tasers at chests  despite cardiac arrest warnings Gay marriage clears the House of Lords The Arab spring has it failed? Roughly twoandahalf years after the revolutions in the Arab world, not a single country is yet plainly on course to become a stable, peaceful democracy Saudi Arabia has built missile launch pads that target both Iran and Israel with ballistic missiles 4 senior executives from pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline are being held by Chinese police on suspicion of bribery China naval fleet seen off northern Japan US blocks crackdown on tax avoidance by net firms like Google and Amazon; US forced the watering down of tough new international tax reform rules How International Justice Is Being Gutted Critics accuse one judge of creating legal precedents that make it impossible to convict senior commanders for human rights abuses. Italian senator says black minister has 'features of orangutan' Intelligence agencies suspect that the wellestablished drug cartels in China's Xinjiang province pushing fake currency into India with the help of Pakistan spy agency ISI. Racist attacks on the rise in Greece Violence against foreigners and immigrants are on the rise in Greece, as the country suffers from a recent economic downturn and increased violent activity from suspected neoNazis. Media Continues to Focus on Snowden Rather Than the Information He's Revealed India bans captive dolphin shows, says dolphins should be seen as nonhuman persons A German man who called on Facebook friends concerned about American secret service operations to join him in a walk around a US army spy centre near his home, found secret service men at his door checking his political leanings. The European Union has banned its 28 member states from signing agreements with Israel without an explicit exclusion of Jewish settlements Long term Chinese government official has anonymously revealed himself as an ethnic Tibetan and is writing a book exposing Chinese atrocities in Tibet Leader of Mexico's Zetas drug cartel captured HSBC Leaker Banks 'Make Selves Rich at Expense of Society'  What we certainly don't need are governments telling us what is good for us Putin blames Snowdens stateless situation on America Notorious Holocaustdenier David Irving is planning to visit Berlin in September  but may have to sleep on a friend's a couch, and hold his meeting in a livingroom, as hotels in the German capital have united to boycott him. North Korean missile material seized passing through Panama Canal, president tweets proof Irish Catholic Nun organisations behind enslavement of women over decades refuse to pay damages to victims For those that want to see the full documents that Snowden released. Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline allegedly ringleader of the sexual bribery scandal in China Panama seizes North Korean ship carrying weapons  vessel's captain attempted suicide after it was stopped near the Panama Canal Putin US has locked Snowden in Russia by scaring other countries Anyone Traveling Into The UK Can Have Their Phones Seized And Data Downloaded Without Cause NeoNazi and black metal musician Varg Vikernes arrested in France on suspicion of planning a terrorist attack The Canadian Maritimes says no to domestic abuse, Sponsors pull out from Chris Brown concert Putin ordered snap military exercise, which has involved about 160,000 servicemen, 5,000 tanks and armored vehicles, 130 aircraft and 70 Pacific Fleet warships Snowden officially requests asylum in Russia  lawyer Fukushima nuclear plant leaking contaminated water into the ocean Spains Premier Refuses to Resign in Fraud Scandal Russia holds biggest war games in decades. 'Russia has launched its biggest military maneuvers since Soviet times, involving 160,000 troops and about 5,000 tanks across Siberia and the far eastern region' Nuns say they will not pay Magdalene compensation Mexican marines capture the Zeta's drug lord Norwegian rape victim sentenced to 1 year and 4 months of prison in Dubai for sex outside of marriage. Queen gives royal assent to samesex marriage legislation; gay marriage now legal in England and Wales Samesex marriage legalized in England, Wales Li Jianxin, a Chinese whistleblower, was rammed by a car, blinded with acid, and deprived of two of his fingers. Russia bursts into top five strongest economies, replacing Germany EU to abandon net neutrality  The new rule would undo the EU's previous policy of ensuring socalled network neutrality  a principle which states that ISPs must not give any content preferential treatment and that any video, article or web page should get just as much bandwidth as another. Shark Finning and Over Fishing. More people need to understand how much of a problem this is. 12 people are killed each year by sharks, but an estimated 11,417 sharks are killed EVERY HOUR. US surveillance becomes election issue in Germany  creates political turbulence for Merkel Shark Finning Banned By EU U.S. to Russia Turn over Snowden or risk 'longterm problems' Samesex marriage set to enter UK law later this week 19 children die, more sick after eating free lunch in Indian primary school, official says Israel among most corrupt of OECD countries Approximately 5,000 Syrians are dying each month, and an average of 6,000 people flee the country every day, UN officials reported Tuesday. Since the war began, nearly 93,000 people are dead, and 1.8 million have fled. Israel set to approve over 900 new settlement homes in West Bank Stolen paintings Matisse, Picasso, Monet and Gauguin burnt by thieves because they wouldn't sell, suspects' mom says Britain's Chemical Sales To Syria Revealed  Britain has approved more than 12bn in military sales to countries it condemns for human rights abuses, including Syria. Putin says U.S. ties more important than Snowden US drone strike killed key alQa'ida leader Saeed alShihri in Yemen Winner of $3.2million at age 16 now has $3000 left 10 years later Petty police corruption shown in the UK, as officer's exgirlfriend is harassed with false accusations U.N. officials say 5,000 people a month are being killed in Syria  flight of refugees worst since Rwanda genocide Tibetans lose patience after 50 years of peaceful protest Canadian First Nations people were used as test subjects for malnutrition experiments without their knowledge Catholic school expels school girl who was raped during school trip. School says she broke curfew and had been drinking alcohol Pres. Jimmy Carter defends Snowden, also says America has no functioning democracy. Could only find this on German news sites, not American Peru to Provide Free Solar Power to its 2 Million Poorest Citizens Brazil's Army Moves To Protect Indigenous Aw Tribe By Halting Illegal Logging They're known by some as Earth's Most Threatened Tribe, but now Brazil's indigenous Aw population is getting help from a powerful force  the national army. Stolen paintings of Picasso, Matisse, Monet and others, worth approximately $200mln, burned by Romanian woman to destroy evidence against her son 19 of the 22 children who died after eating a tainted free school meal in India's Bihar state have been buried in and around the school grounds. Angry parents say they want the graves to serve as a reminder that the children died due to state negligence Soccers global body FIFA lost a fight to block free TV access to World Cup matches after the European Unions highest court said top matches involving national teams should be available to all viewers if governments insist Asian arrested for filming UAE man beating Indian driver in Dubai The Drone that Killed my Grandson EU's decision on Israel like 'a bucket of cold water on the head of a drunk' The European Union has at last lost patience with Israel's refusal to comply with international law over settlements. In the '40s and '50s the Canadian government intentionally withheld rations and vitamin supplements from hungry aboriginal children to see how starvation affects the body. Husband and wife jailed for attacking Sikh taxi driver and ripping off his turban Russian Opposition Leader Alexei Navalny Jailed for 5 Years Rules Change on Olympic Marijuana Testing  World AntiDoping Agency amended its rules on cannabis, raising threshold for a positive test from 15 nanograms per milliliter to 150 ng/ml to distinguish in competition use from use taking place well before events Russian opposition leader Navalny found guilty of theft Allowing abortions in cases of fatal foetal abnormalities would be depriving future Special Olympics athletes of being born India's Supreme Court orders curb on sales of acid in attempt to reduce attacks on women Sorry is not enough Bolivia demands EU find culprits behind aerial hijack Indian principal on the run after 22 students die from school lunches A Malaysian couple known for a sexually explicit blog have been charged with sedition after they caused outrage by posting a Ramadan greeting on Facebook which showed them eating pork. More Dubai Injustice Man who uploaded government official assault video arrested Russian protest leader guilty of embezzlement Judge finds Alexei Navalny, a critic of Vladimir Putin, guilty of colluding to steal $500000 from a timber company. Navalny had always claimed the trial was political to try to stop his rise in popularity and his challenging of Putin for political power Canadian gore website owner charged with corrupting morals for hosting dismemberment video Tunisia Artists 'targeted for offending morals' Artists in Tunisia are increasingly finding themselves in the dock for offending morals as Islamist influence grows, it seems. Taliban writes a letter to Malala Yousafzai explaining why they shot her in the head Asian arrested for putting up video of Dubai man beating Indian A former CIA station chief has been arrested in Panama, and faces extradition to Italy where he has already been sentenced to 9 years in prison for his involvement in the extraordinary rendition of a terror suspect. 98% of murders in Mexico last year went unsolved Woman sues head of Japans largest mafia group, demanding return of protection money. Almost 800 people have died so far in Britain's heatwave. Temperatures above 30C for sixth day running Boy raped in broad daylight attack because 'his phone wasn't good enough to steal' Camera off, or I'll shoot , he said  Freedom of press in Germany ended for cameraman across from the U.S. consulate in Frankfurt Jailed Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny released after massive protests supporting him No warming for 17 years you say? June 2013 was the 340th consecutive month of aboveaverage global temperatures. Top US Military Officer America Is Considering Entering Syrian War G20 Backs Plan to Curb Tax Evasion by Large Corporations Japan's government on Friday gave its seal of approval to the world's first clinical trials using stem cells harvested from a patient's own body. Paypal founder invents 4000mph train Elon Musks train will use vaccuum power to speed from London to Beijing in 2 hours Controversial comic Frankie Boyle in hunger strike to support Shaker Aamer  the last British detainee in Guantnamo Bay Australia announces Papua New Guinea asylum deal People arriving by boat to seek asylum will no longer be resettled in Australia but will go to Papua New Guinea, Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has announced. Monsanto drops bid to have GM crops approved in Europe  We will no longer be pursuing approvals for cultivation of new biotech crops in Europe EU officially publishes settlement guidelines despite Israeli objections Hitting Chinas Wall. To put it crudely, its running out of surplus peasants. (Krugman) Norwegian woman was assaulted and raped on a businesstrip to Dubai. When she went to the police to press charges, she instead was convicted of having sex outside marrige, now facing 16 months in jail. Britain Reveals 50% Tax Break for Fracking Firms  Its fledgling shale gas industry will get a major boost today as it cuts taxes on fracking profits to less than 1/2 the amount paid by conventional oil & gas producers. Woman (24) reported rape in Dubai Sentenced to 16 months in prison After a Girl was raped for two days Delhi police refused to register a case and instead assaulted and broke bones of the people who wanted to file an FIR. The Norwegian town of Rjukan is located deep in a valley floor and is completely deprived of direct sunlight 5 months a year. So the city is spending about $835,000 to install 3 large mirrors on the sides of nearby mountains to redirect light rays directly into to the towns main square. Britain abandons plans to arm Syrian rebels Russian mobile operators say 'nyet!' to Apple, 'da!' to Samsung All three top carriers have discontinued iPhone PAKISTAN Yet ANOTHER acid attack as an abused woman tries to flee her husband The Norwegian woman who was jailed after getting raped in Dubai, was fired by Janet Jackson's husband Poachers Kill 2 Kenya Wildlife Service Officers  They came under fierce fire in 2 separate gunfights Thursday after encountering gang hunting elephants in a dense forest. Last year, Kenya lost 384 elephants & 30 rhinos to criminals, a worrying trend that's not sustainable. War on Drugs at work in Mexico. My former students, arrested a week from graduating high school, have been in jail for months. Their used car, bought from the U.S., had a brick of cocaine hidden in it. Customs didn't find a thing. Meanwhile, real drug lords run the government and live in luxury. Fifteen years after autism panic, a plague of measles erupts in Wales. In 1998, southwest Wales was a hotbed of resistance to a vaccine for measles, mumps and rubella. The bill has now come due. Female vigilantes in India join forces to fight rape In a country where a woman is raped every 20 minutes, the group's extreme measures have won quiet approval from some Over 90% of Japanese think Fukushima disaster not under control FARC Despite the law that allows us to keep the U.S. soldier...as a POW, we have decided to release him as a gesture in keeping with the spirit of talks under way in Havana  the capture shows American military men and mercenaries in counterinsurgency operations under the guise of contractors Women anned from shopping alone' in northern Pakistan. 'The step is reportedly aimed at keeping men from being distracted during the holy month of Ramadan' Police say samples of cooking oil and leftover food taken from an Indian school where 23 children died after eating lunch this past week were contaminated with very toxic levels of an agricultural pesticide. UK government has decided to privatise the supplier of blood to the NHS, and sell it to Bain Capital. Kerry vows to put the screws to Venezuela over Snowden  report 'Unprecedented' 131 Congressmen Say Obama Should Give Iran's New President a Chance Explosion at Beijing's Airport Norwegian woman has spoken out about the 16month prison sentence she received in Dubai after reporting a rape incident to police in March this year Crime is plunging in the rich world. To keep it down, governments should focus on prevention, not punishment Mexico could legalize marijuana in five years, according to former president Vicente Fox Nigerian senate legalises child marriage. Pope's cleanup man 'found stuck in lift with rent boy' Alan Turing, a British World War Two code breaker who helped to crack the German Naval code to be pardoned for his gay conviction in 1952 Norwegian convicted over rape report issues Gulf caution Six get life imprisonment in Swiss tourist gangrape case in India Israeli banks may lose access to large loans under new EU rule on occupied lands Around 200 protesters clashed with police in a Paris suburb on Friday night following the arrest of a man who allegedly assaulted a police officer after his wife was stopped for wearing an Islamic veil in public. Missing mom found alive in Canada after almost 52 years Somalia may have been better off under anarchy than predatory government 6.8 Earthquake hits New Zealand Capital Venezuela says it ends efforts for better U.S. ties CIA backs $630,000 study into how to control global weather through geoengineering UK wants to ban pornography featuring scenes of glorification of rape and other serious sexual offences Principal forced kids to eat midday meal cooked in insecticide The G20, a group of the worlds richest economies, have for the first time endorsed a plan to curb widely used tax avoidance strategies that allow some multinational corporations such as Apple and Starbucks to pay only a pittance in income taxes. 11 YearOld Yemeni Girl Gives Profound Monologue On Arranged Marriage I'd Rather Kill Myself One of the Britains leading law enforcement bureaus has known about but ignored massive misconduct and corruption for over a decade by private investigators who use illegal surveillance techniques for the benefit of financial services sector. Two American fighter jets dropped four unarmed bombs into Australia's Great Barrier Reef Marine Park last week when a training exercise went wrong, the U.S. Navy said Brutal rape draws outrage over culture of corruption, impunity in Ukraine. 'The cops, Krashkova said, forced her into the car and drove her to the woods. There... they allegedly beat her so badly they fractured her skull. The officers then took turns raping her' Emirati who assaulted Indian driver faces up to a year in jail  Indian who filmed video faces up to 2 years Venezuela ends efforts to improve US ties; Foreign ministry releases statement in response to US UN Envoy nominee Powers promise to stand up to repressive regimes Out with the Mafia! Mass antigovt protests backed by Anonymous grip Spain (PHOTOS) Hamas reeling from Egyptian crackdown on Gaza tunnels Vladimir Putin tells critics of Russia at World University Games to try some Viagra Wissam Al Mana, husband of Janet Jackson, fires rape victim in Dubai because of unacceptable and improper behavior School lunch disaster in India confirmed to be caused by residual pesticide in the cooking oil. The chef told the principal that it 'smelled strongly' and looked 'dodgy', but this objection was ignored. The principal is still at large and will have their property seized imminently. Istanbul protesters clash with riot police over access to Gezi Park Capture of Mexican drug lord began with a fedup informant China to launch cargo train to Germany 20 Cars torched and police station attacked in Paris exurb amid tensions linked to authorities' handling of France's ban on Muslim face veils Israeli president convinced Palestinian leader to accept that settlers remain in West Bank but be subject to Palestinian state Judge Challenges White House Claims on Authority in Drone Killings At least 41 people were killed and more than 165 others wounded Saturday in a series of bombings that hit Baghdad over a twohour period  bombings target mostly Shiite neighborhoods Belgium to swear in new king. Iraqi Man moves to Australia, uses the welfare system as income. Becomes successful, writes a check to the Australian Government for every cent he was given. [XPost from r/News] Britain's Former Top Spy Threatens To Expose The 'Dodgy Dossier' Used To Push Iraq War Al Qaeda militants flee Iraq's Abu Ghraib jail in violent mass breakout The number of escaped inmates has reached 500, most of them were convicted senior members of al Qaeda and had received death sentences Norwegian Marte Deborah Dalelven is pardoned by the Emir of Dubai and can go home, said Foreign Ministry. It's a law FOR women, not against Muslims France forced to defend ban on Islamic veil after violence Cannabis plants spring up all over German town after campaigners plant thousands of seeds in protest against the 'demonisation' of the drug Yes, thats a photo of the pope carrying his own bag by carrying his own bag, Francis is seeking to demonstrate humility and a closer connection to regular Catholics, as well as signaling to other Vatican officials that they could stand to behave a bit less like royalty and more like priests We have two or three times the amount of food right now that is needed to feed the number of people in the world, the problem is distribution. Pornography filters in every UK household. ISPs will contact users who must 'declare whether they want to maintain access to online pornography'. 'Simulated' rape scenes also become illegal. First tourists arrested in Russia for gay propaganda Israeli and Palestinian bands unite in 'metal brotherhood'. Joint 18gig tour by Orphaned Land and Khalas will take message of coexistence through rock'n'roll across Europe Spain privatized sun, its forbidden to generate power for consumption 437% increase deforestation of the Amazon, 114 square miles (184 km) in just one month. For comparisson, Manhattan has just 22.96 square miles. From August 2012 to June 2013, forest degradation accumulated in 908 square miles. Japan's top animation director, Hayao Miyazaki, speaks out against constitutional amendment. Doctors Without Borders Price of vaccines has increased 2700% in the last decade Leaked Pakistani report confirms high civilian death toll in CIA drone strikes Bombing of the Great Barrier Reef by US May be Astonishing to Some, but to Queensland Activists Opposed to War Games, it's Just Latest in Series of Grievances  The marine park was rezoned in 2003 to allow military training area. SIM Cards Have Finally Been Hacked, And The Flaw Could Affect Millions Of Phones A trove of 44 WWI german Uboats has been found off the coast of the United Kingdom European Union Adds Hezbollah to Terror List Turkish court gives green light to destruction of Gezi Park 'Recognizing samesex unions brings us closer to apocalypse'  Head of Russian Orthodox Church This is a very dangerous apocalyptic symptom. We face enormous temptations when countries start approving sin and codifying it into law in order to justify it Arundhati Roy on Obamas Wars, India and Why Democracy Is The Biggest Scam in the World UK inequality rising more quickly than under Thatcher Disgruntled man attempts to kill 50 students by mixing rat poision in their meal, in India New Zealand Government About To Legalize Spying On NZ Citizens US secretary of state threatens Venezuela over Snowden asylum. A report published earlier this week by Spanish newspaper ABC details a series of heavyhanded threats leveled by US Secretary of State John Kerry against the government of Venezuela. 'I request you, whether you are in the developing world or the developed, to treat corruption at par with war, and terror.' Anonymous David Cameron retreats in war on internet porn KFCs ice cubes are 12 times dirtier than toilet water, says Chinas official media Mexico could legalize marijuana in five years The UK wants to ban packed lunches. It's a step too far Source Obama to move forward with plan to arm Syrian rebels Hitler did not kill enough  French politician in trouble for suggesting the Nazis did not exterminate enough Gypsies Dolphins 'call each other by name' Bomb found at planned Pope Francis visit site in Brazil Edward Snowden hopes to be granted papers allowing him to escape airport. His lawyer Anatoly Kucherena has said the fugitive American leaker hopes to soon receive papers that would allow him to leave Sheremetyevo Airport in Moscow. Passengers push 32ton train to help free woman stuck in gap between train and platform in Tokyo Whistleblower claims asylum seekers in Manus Island detention centre have been raped and abused with full knowledge of staff, days after the Australian Government announced that all who arrive in Australia by boat would be sent there for processing and possible settlement. Russias AntiGay Crackdown Vladimir Putin has declared war on homosexuals. So far, the world has mostly been silent. Finland Writes History With Crowdsourced Copyright Law  Finland is the first country in the world in which Parliament will vote on a fairer copyright law that has been crowdsourced by the public Tokyo Electric Power Company admits Fukushima leaking radioactive water into Pacific Ocean Depleted uranium used by US forces blamed for birth defects and cancer in Iraq The other side of the pope's visit to Brazil police violence and repression against protesters and journalists in Rio. Police beats AFP photographer and takes unconscious man in custody. Shipwreck company finds $36M of silver in WWII wreck on seafloor Goldman Sachs in spotlight over 'aluminium pricehike' scandal Germany launches probe into US spying ties Insolvent Spain Forced To Borrow From Social Security Fund To Pay Pensions The growing body of counterterrorism legislation is having a direct impact on humanitarian action, restricting funding, stalling project implementation and resulting in an increased climate of selfcensorship by aid workers, according to an independent study. Former head of MI6 threatens to expose secrets of Iraq 'dodgy dossier' Technologically illiterate MP who masterminded UK porn blocker get hacked, threatens reporter for writing about it David Cameron's porn advisor website hacked  her reaction is to libel and threaten the journalist reporting the story. US And Russia Simultaneously Announce Intent To Arm Opposing Sides In Syria Snowden Gets Whistleblower Award in Germany Member of Russian female punk group Pussy Riot loses her appeal for parole after nearly a year in prison for performing a protest song against President Putin in a Moscow cathedral Yemeni girl's speech against child marriage goes viral  Eleven yearold says she escaped forced marriage by fleeing her parents. Iran invites Snowden to visit and elaborate on U.S. spying practices Canada's Alberta Oil Sands Have Been Leaking for 9 Weeks  Nobody really understands how to stop it from leaking, or if they do they havent put the measures into place. Impacted area spans some 30 acres, with dozens of animals killed & some 60,000 lbs of contaminated vegetation removed so far. Snowden is preparing for a life in Russia applying for asylum, looking for a job. He may stay there permanently. China is no longer a lowlaborcost environment. The increases in labor cost are now faster than economic growth. The police is trying to hide, but Video of Clashes in Brazil Appears to Show Police Infiltrators Among Protesters Nazithemed caf sparks global outrage We're living in Indonesia and Indonesians weren't tortured in the Holocaust, so we don't really care UK cops and spook agencies wrongly fingered five people as criminals after seizing data about their communications Spain police arrested 25 members of the Hells Angels motorcycle gang, including Europe leader Extremists Attack Montenegro's First Gay Pride  Several hundred extremists shouting Kill the gays attacked gay activists and clashed with police on Wednesday in a bid to disrupt the first ever pride event in staunchly conservative Montenegro, which is seeking to join the EU Hunt on for Japanese serial killer who leaves Haiku clues Hundreds of men who took up arms against President Bashar alAssad are defecting back to the government side, The Telegraph has learnt. Robert Mugabe criticises Barack Obama's gay rights stance  repeats his claim that homosexuals are 'worse than pigs and dogs' at rally ahead of the Zimbabwe elections Hijacked cyanide truck still missing Dubai boss gets 'rape' mail after firing Norwegian rape victim who was imprisoned in Dubai Israeli Cabinet Approves Bill to Draft UltraOrthadox Jews Fears grow for Pope's safety in Brazil Violent protests broke out in Rio de Janeiro within hours of his arrival. Hunt on for Serial Killer in Japan who leaves Haiku Clue Setting on fire/ Smoke gives delight/ To a country fellow. Bulgarian Parliament Blockaded by Protesters, 109 People Trapped Inside GM crops campaigners in Ghana accuse US of pushing modified food. From farmers to MPs, debate over seed ownership and the role of foreign influences on agriculture is causing divisions in Ghana Pope Francis scolds rich in visit to muddy Brazilian slum Everybody, according to his or her particular opportunities and responsibilities, should be able to make a personal contribution to putting an end to so many social injustices WikiLeaks Founder Assange to Run for Australian Senate Australian billionaire gets approval to build world's largest dinosaur park MP behind UK internet porn filter hacked, accuses blogger who reported it  It became disturbingly clear that MP Perry does not know how hyperlinks, websites, the fundamentals of content distribution works All internet pornography should be preemptively blocked in Canada, says Conservative MP Joy Smith of Winnipeg U.S. Wants Snowden Returned, Not Extradited, Ambassador Says U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul said that Washington wants fugitive intelligence leaker Edward Snowden returned to the United States and not extradited ''The train driver recognised that he was driving at 190 KM/H, while the speed limit in that curve is 80 KM/H.'' More than 80 dead in the spanish train accident. Spain highspeed train crashes near Santiago de Compostela Church of England announces plans to force money lenders out of business  by offering a superior service through credit unions Canadian Man Sorry for Chugging Eight Beers and Swimming to Detroit Secular Tunisian opposition leader Mohamed Elibrahmi shot dead. Spontaneous protests have broken out across capital Tunis Yemeni president pardons reporter Obama wanted kept in jail The United States has expressed disappointment in the release of a Yemeni journalist who rights groups say was detained because of his reporting on alQaida and alleged U.S. complicity in attacks in Yemen South African man to stand trial on a 122 charges which includes raping 34 minors and attempted murder through HIV infection Irish communications minister opposes porn block in fear imposing censorship Of the worlds seven billion people, six billion have mobile phones. However, only 4.5 billion have access to toilets or latrines  meaning that 2.5 billion people, mostly in rural areas, do not have proper sanitation. In addition, 1.1 billion people still defecate in the open European companies should stop sending data to the US, German privacy officials say Pope Francis attacks drug legalization in Latin America Banks and pharmaceutical companies are on a secret list of bluechip firms that hired private investigators who break the law Scientists Warn of Overwhelming Costs of Mental Illness We will be overwhelmed by brain disorders if nothing is done now to boost investment in research. Estimated costs in Britain alone is over $172b a yr. It needs same funding levels as cancer & heart diseases. Spanish PM Rajoy under fire in media after a condolences message for the train crash victims, that killed 77 people, posted by his office included a paragraph copied and pasted from a statement previously sent to victims of an earthquake in Gansu, China China to Spend $275 Billion On Clean Air Plan For Beijing South Africa's drug testing shame. Multi national drug companies exploiting the poor and desperate in drug trials In one instance children as young as six were taken of life saving drugs to act as a control group. Mohamed Brahmi, Tunisian opposition MP from #SidiBouZid was shot dead today in front of his place on Tunisia' Republic Day. 6 months after Chokri Belaid's death Pakistani TV host gives away abandoned babies on show as battle for viewers heats up during Ramadan The pornography filtering system praised by David Cameron is controlled by the controversial Chinese company Huawei, the BBC has learned. Putin press secretary Russia will not extradite Snowden If You Think The French President Is 'Stupide,' Just Say So For the first time in 130 years, it's now legal to say how you really feel about the French leader Oxford Dictionary will change the definition of Marriage to include the LGBT Community... 32 German novelists writing an open letter to Chancellor Merkel Germany is a surveillance society. Google translation in comments. Desmond Tutu says stop discriminating against gay people I think it's as utterly unjust as racism ever was. Russia Slams U.S. Pressure Over Snowden Senate threatens to sanctions countries that aid Snowden Police could be forced to axe Big Brother road cameras Town wins landmark victory over blanket use of number plate 'spies' UK Porn Filter Will Censor Other Content Too, ISPs Reveal Bankers shiver as UBS swallows $885 million U.S. fine Israel freezes cooperation with EU in Palestinian territories Walmart workers in strike across the entire country...of Chile (Google translation in comments) BBC News  Elite hacker Barnaby Jack dies ahead of Black Hat event North Korea we'll kill activists launching prodemocracy literature via balloons The relationship between Christianity and capitalism is complicated, the archbishop of Canterbury said Friday, admitting he was embarrassed by revelations that the Church of England indirectly invested in a payday loan firm he had pledged to put out of business New Pakistani cartoon superhero Burka Avenger fights for girls' rights using martial arts, pens, and books Attorney General Holder tells Russia US wont seek death penalty for Edward Snowden Iraq War veterans chilled by country's slide into civil war Tourists warned after French woman and her dog are attacked by gang of feral cats Ousted Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi is being held over allegations of links with Palestinian militants Hamas and plotting attacks on jails in the 2011 uprising, it has been announced. 'I have principles' Pussy Riot convict defiant after losing parole battle Belarus president US have given an asylum to hundredths of Russian traitors. In place of our Russian friends I'd give Snowden a political asylum without worrying much (article in russian media). Shi'a Muslims lined up and executed at a fake roadblock South Africa's 'worst rapist' commits suicide  Africa German president says whistleblowers like Snowden merit respect Bananas thrown at Italy's first black minister Vancouver bars boycott Russian vodka after antigay law passed Soldiers Mass Execution Reported by Syria Group  Islamist extremists in Syrias insurgency killed 150 soldiers in a battle for control of an Aleppo suburb this week, including 51 who were executed after they had surrendered (video in comments  NSFW; GORE) Pope Francis I want a mess. We knew that in Rio there would be great disorder, but I want trouble in the dioceses! I want to see the church get closer to the people. I want to get rid of clericalism, the mundane. Because these need to get out! UK man convicted of fraud after of selling explosivedetection dowsing rods consisting of completely ineffective, empty plastic boxes with radio antennas attached, for $30,000 each  made millions of dollars in Iraq, Mexico, and Thailand as hundreds died while being protected by them. Thousands of New Zealanders protest the GCSB Bill (new legislation giving the NZ spy agency more powers to spy on New Zealanders) Evidence mounts agent provocateurs used by Brazilian police Demonstrators say police infiltrator threw the molotov cocktail used to justify severe police violence. Imaginary threats justify New Zealand spy bill  Dotcom Key Govt Bee Scientist Behind Controversial Study Joins Pesticide Firm  MP raises fears that govt agency & pesticides industry too close as Dr Helen Thompson moves to Syngenta. She worked on project paid for by Syngenta, plus on registration of pesticides. US Embassy, DEA Obstructing Investigation Into Drug War Killings in Honduras Libya's Muslim Brotherhood offices attacked  Libyans demonstrate after the assassination of a Muslim Brotherhood critic in Benghazi. South Africa's Nobel peace laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he will never worship a homophobic God and will rather go to hell. The retired archbishop was speaking at the launch of a UNbacked campaign in South Africa to promote gay rights. More than 100 Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes New Zealand refuse to renew South African man's work visa because he is too fat. Pakistani troops violate ceasefire again, fire at Indian post in Poonch Spain Privatizes The Sun Multi Millon Dollar Penalties For Collecting Sunlight Catalan President officially proposes political Referendum to Spanish PM After Shi'a Muslims got lined up and executed yesterday at a fake roadblock, at least 31 are further killed by bombing a busy cafe today. Filipino woman treated as a slave in Canberra after accepting housekeeping job for a Foreign Diplomat (Australia) Obese man told he's too fat to live in NZ Israel bars European aid staff from entering Gaza, western diplomat says Turkey's Prime Minister Erdogan threatens to sue Times for publishing critical letter Indian army mistook planets for Chinese spy drones Report Pakistan's first female superhero 'Burka Avenger' fights for women's rights Onbydefault UK internet porn filters will also block content relating to alcohol, smoking, web forums, esoteric material, and web blocking circumvention tools. Mass protest in Germany against US intelligence surveillance Public health officials are watching in horror as bacteria become resistant to powerful carbapenem antibiotics  one of the last drugs on the shelf. UK and US chiefs warn of a coming health nightmare and a catastrophic threat. Porn Block UK ISP Says If You Want Internet Censorship, Move To North Korea Trudeau Says he Supports Legalizing Marijuana New sex abuse crisis in Scottish Catholic church Priest claims he was abused by older cleric, and church is punishing him for speaking out Zimbabwe president calls for the beheading of gays Rejected mistresses expose Chinese leaders' corruption; lavish spending on cars, designer cloths, jewelery dispite low official salary Unemployment rate among young people in Greece has passed 50 percent Archbishop Desmond Tutu Id choose Hell over a homophobic Heaven Abuse at Ecuadorian gay conversion facilities shocks authorities We have lesbians who have reported what the clinics called sex therapy, but which consists of being raped by men, A Kazakhstan atheist blogger has been imprisoned for four months for allegedly inciting religious hatred. His trial starts next month and he faces 7 years in prison. Cameron's proposed filters extend to more than just porn Germany and France want drones in EU skies The Brutality of Corrective Rape South Africa has one of the worlds highest rates of sexual assault, and particularly insidious is corrective rape  the rape of gay men and lesbians to cure them of their sexual orientation Horrified police discover Jimmy Savile's secret lair Climate Change 'Climate of Fear' Reporter Blows Whistle on Reuters Edward Snowden isn't yet allowed to step outside the Moscow airport where he's been holed up for weeks, despite reports to the contrary The brutality of Corrective Rape Germany thousands of people demand to stop surveillance (more than 10.000 on the streets, google translate in comments) Syrian Christian Describes Religious Cleansing Of City By Islamist Rebels China's new '10dash line map' eats into Philippine territory Marte Dalelv's Dubai Ordeal 'I Was Fighting for My Life'  When Marte Dalelv reported her rape to Dubai police four months ago, she was charged and convicted to 16 months in prison. It was only after international pressure that she was later pardoned. Spanish Guardia Civil are searching every car at the Gibraltar frontier, causing a 10,000 car queue, lasting 6 hours, resulting in dehydration, diabetic attacks, and a lot more. Sixtyfive percent of girls in Bangladesh are being married off in their childhood, trapping them in a vicious cycle of poverty and ill health, experts at a roundtable said, calling for action to break the cycle. Saudi prince defects from Royal family  This regime in Saudi Arabia does not stand by Gods rules or even established rules and its policies, decisions, and actions are totally based on personal will of its leaders. Why its time to get rid of Irelands blasphemy laws The law brings our parliament and our laws into disrepute. It does not protect religious belief; it incentivises outrage and it criminalises free speech. It also treats religious beliefs as more valuable than atheistic or secular beliefs Caught on video Indian Mufti enjoys music despite calling it unIslamic Bashiruddin Ahmad was recently filmed in a houseboat on the scenic Dal Lake, in the company of several other people, including women...In February 2013, the Grand Mufti released a fatwa declaring music unIslamic. Iraq 17 car bombs detonate within one hour, killing at least 60 Pope Door 'Closed' on Women Priests  reiterated the Roman Catholic Church's ban on women priests, saying the decision is definitive Email links Lockerbie bomber's prison transfer to 400m Libyan arms deal The Egyptian National Council for Women has described the Muslim Brotherhood's one year rule as the worst and most cruel [year] for Egyptian women Crude oil leaked from a pipeline in the Gulf of Thailand has reached a Thai tourist resort. Black waves of crude oil washed up on the beach at popular tourist island despite continuous attempts to clean up the oil Legal costs mount in Kim Dotcom case  Lawyers working for the taxpayer have racked up almost 10,000 legal hours battling Kim Dotcom. At senior counsel chargeout rates, the cost in lawyers alone would be almost $2 million [to New Zealand taxpayers] Untouchable student in India beaten to death by classmates he refused to give his pen Australian Government releases its report into IT pricing, suggests a ban on geoblocking. Acknowledges Australians pay much more for IT products that other countries. Mexico's navy vice admiral killed in ambush Exofficer CIA inflated threat of radical cleric to allow 2003 abduction, shield higherups According to secret correspondence obtained by The Sunday Telegraph, the release of the Lockerbie bomber was part of a 400 million armsexport deal between Libya and the UK. Saudi police are searching for an Indonesian housemaid accused by her employer of casting a magic spell on all his family, causing fainting and epileptic fits to them Scientists at Stanford University School of Medicine issued report that said a type of stemcell alternative approved by the Vatican and other theologians has turned out to be a myth Google asked to remove 100 million 'piracy' links in 2013 South Korea has proposed final talks with the North over the fate of shuttered joint industrial zone, suggesting it may permanently close the estate if negotiations fail. Bahrain orders tougher penalties ahead of protests. 'Bahrain's lawmakers agreed at an extraordinary session on Sunday to proposals including stripping those who commit or call for 'terrorism crimes' of their nationality and preventing any protests from taking place in the capital Manama' Russians smell something fishy in Putin's latest stunt Facing eviction, rogue Greek monks hurl petrol bombs at bailiffs Morsi supporters threaten to destroy Egyptian power plants US Government Protection of AlQaeda Terrorists and the USSaudi Black Hole One man fights to set his nation free Benny Wenda's campaign for West Papuan independence is embarrassing Britain and enraging Indonesia. Muslims defend Egyptian churches with help from army Nepal sees tiger population go up by 63% since 2009 Irish President signs Protection of Life During Pregnancy Bill into law  legally giving a woman access to an abortion where there is a real and substantial risk to her life, including risk of suicide. Russia To Ban Swearing On The Internet Canada Liberal Party Leader Says Legalize Marijuana Its one of the only ways to keep it out of the hands of our kids, because the current war on drugs, the current model, is not working. A Challenge to the NSA Deny Snowden's Most Radical Claims Under Oath Some officials say the whistleblower was lying. The journalist who brought his revelations to light wants them to say it under oath Thailand has become the first country to ban bitcoins after the central bank ruled it is not a currency A new animated series voiced by pop stars is set to debut on Pakistani TV next month entitled the 'Burka Avenger.' The hero is a young girl who wears a burka to keep her identity secret as she fights corrupt politicians and the Taliban. BP Reveals There's Just $300m Left in its Gulf of Mexico Oil Spill Compensation Fund  Company blames falling profits on lower oil prices, an unusually high tax rate because of a stronger dollar, & lower income from Russia Tar sands oil has been leaking into Alberta, Canada for 10 weeks and no one knows how to stop it Trains collide headon in Switzerland. At least 30 injured GlobalWarming Armageddon? It may be more likely than you thought  Calculations from Canadian & US scientists show runaway greenhouse effect is realistic possibility Saudi Arabia sentences secular activist to 600 lashes, seven years prison for setting up a liberal network and alleged insults to Islam Nobody wants to help us because we are Untouchables in India acid attack survivor Chanchal Kumari Icefree Arctic in two years heralds methane catastrophe  scientist Taliban launch major attack on Pakistani prison, free 300 inmates Police force university to cancel Muslim feminist lecture Serco the company that is running Britain. Serco is a giant global corporation that has hoovered up outsourced government contracts. Now the NHS is firmly in its sights. But it stands accused of mismanagement, lying and even charging for nonexistent work (Xpost r/unitedkingdom) Mexico shuts down more than 20 coal pits due to child labour probe Egypt restores feared secret police units Militarybacked government seems to have no intent of reforming practices that characterised both Mubarak and Morsi eras King Richard III of England Dig unearths mysterious coffinwithinacoffin White House Muted in Response to New Mass Killing of Egyptian Protesters FBI arrests 150 in three days in child sextrafficking sweep Taliban gunmen storm Pakistan prison, free hundreds Taliban attacks jail in Pakistan freeing over 250 prisoners, including 25 dangerous terrorists Afghan waste aid money squandered on conferences. Rather, it has spent nearly $50 million  roughly a quarter of the total program budget  on conferences, overhead and workshops Snowden's father says FBI asked him to fly to Moscow to persuade son to return home to US Egypt's cultural heritage is in danger. Grave robbers, sometimes heavily armed, are taking advantage of political chaos to plunder its poorly guarded archaeological sites. Authorities feel powerless to stop them and fear that ancient treasures might be lost forever. To give some perspective to the recent story concerning the upcoming Olympics, this is what happens during a gay pride event in Russia In Turkey, Higher Education Loans and Dormitories Institution announces no education loans will be granted to students who engage in resistance, stage boycotts, chant slogans or become involved in similar activities XKeyscore NSA tool collects 'nearly everything a user does on the internet' Woolly mammoth DNA may lead to a resurrection of the ancient beast Saudi princess to face trial in US court Military judge finds Bradly Manning not guilty of aiding the enemy Greece to end free police protection for rich Iran and Syria sign $3.6bn oil deal Tehran agrees to supply Damascus with oil in exchange for the right to invest in country devastated by conflict. Righttodie campaigners lose battle LacMegantic Train Disaster (Que, Can)  Company Not Able to Afford CleanUp Costs; Possible Bankruptcy. Christian programs attempting to convert homosexuals continue in Australia with tragic results  I know people that have done the programs a number of times and attempted suicide. It's one of the most psychologically damaging things Moscow police bust ring of professed socalled psychics accused of convincing people they were cursed and then charging to remove the hexes Can a carbon tax work without hurting the economy? Ask British Columbia. Five years in, BC's carbon tax has successfully reduced greenhouse gas emissions in a stable economy There's no question I have access to information that members of Congress don't Greenwald today with Brian Lehrer Longliving Japanese society needs better quality of death Global warmings new natural disaster Himalayan tsunamis. June megafloods killed as many as 6,000 in the town of Kedarnath  and experts expect more to come London police officers face action over woman's stripsearch The father of US fugitive Edward Snowden says the FBI asked him to travel to Moscow and see his son, who he advises to stay in Russia After Toronto street car shooting, Canadian police considering implementing bodyworn video cameras (BWV). Why fewer ground reports are emerging from Syria Foreign journalists are increasingly staying out of Syria  The country has fallen into economic ruin and hardcore jihadist groups, many with foreign ties, have proliferated. These two factors have created an environment ripe for kidnapping Cardinal Dolan Clarifies Pope Francis Remarks Homosexual people deserve love respect and dignity, while homosexual acts are immoral U.S. wants exemption from Canadian law for crossborder officers working in Surrey and Ontario UN gives DR Congo rebels 48 hours to hand in weapons Edward Snowden has been granted documents that will allow him to leave the Moscow airport where he has been since 23 June BP is engaged in an aggressive campaign to limit how much it pays for the losses caused by its reckless behavior. Uruguay Marijuana legalisation bill approved in the lower house UltraOrthodox Jewish protesters shatter bus windows after female passenger refuses to sit in back Dont boycott our vodka, youve got the wrong country, say gay Latvians China invests nearly $300 billion in renewables, part of plan to deal with climate change. Protesters camp out against UK fracking This isn't about one place, it's about the whole country, and the future of the planet. We have the technology now to use renewable energy. We shouldn't be developing new industries to pollute the planet. Russian cops allegedly beat and sodomize Olympic construction worker over $600 in back pay Five Afghan police accidentally killed in US air strike The controversial GCSB 'spyill, which would give the New Zealand Government the legal authority to electronically gather information on its own citizens, has passed its second reading in parliament Caribbean has lost 80% of its coral reefs in recent years. French court lifts ban on Monsanto GM corn, much to annoyance of French government Girls are the worlds forgotten population 9 facts about child brides complications from pregnancy and childbirth are the No. 1 cause of death for girls age 15 to 19. That means that pregnancy and childbirth kill more girls in the developing world than war, AIDS, tuberculosis or any other cause UN narcotics body warns Uruguay over marijuana bill The law would be in complete contravention to the provisions of the international drug treaties to which Uruguay is party Stephen Harpers border deal imperils Canadian sovereignty. All passengers on Quantas Flight QF28 have been quarantined after 26 passengers arrived in Sydney vomiting from Chile Cameron's AntiPorn Program Tells ISPs To Do The Impossible Only Block Bad Content; Don't Block Good Content Chilean President is under fire for allowing the country's counterterrorism legislation to be used against indigenous protesters fighting for ancestral land rights Mugabe claims victory in Zimbabwe election, opposition claims monumental fraud United Airlines employee stole and sold luggage form Asiana plane crash Croissants banned by Syrian rebels because the pastrys crescent shape celebrates European victory over Muslims. Chinese President Xi Jinping says his government is willing to shelve territorial disputes and carry out joint development in disputed waters. Uruguay's unprecedented proposal to fight organized crime by creating a legal, governmentlicensed marijuana market was fiercely debated by lawmakers, ruling party counted every vote in hopes of winning passage in the lower house of Congress Russian Envoy Urges Archaeology Dig in California  Russian & American youths to dig at Fort Ross, a 19thcentury Russian settlement. They were considered by local Kashaya tribe better neighbors than the Spanish. UK priest ready to go to jail in his tax battle for the poor Germany nixes surveillance pact with US, Britain Germany canceled a Cold Warera surveillance pact with the United States and Britain on Friday in response to revelations by National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden about those countries' alleged electronic eavesdropping operations. Berthold Beitz, a leading German industrialist who was credited with saving hundreds of Jews during World War II by employing them at the oil fields he managed in Nazioccupied Poland, a rescue operation later compared to the more popularly known deeds of Oskar Schindler, died July 30. He was 99. Dozens of CIA Agents on the ground during Benghazi attack. ...agency is going to great lengths to make sure whatever it was doing, remains a secret. Italy's supreme court confirms prison sentence for exPrime Minister Silvio Berlusconi Turkish police used water cannons to disperse hundreds of people gathered in Istanbuls Taksim Square in a show of support for a teenager who has been in intensive care for 46 days after being hit by a tear gas canister during the Gezi Park protests. The new stopandsearch  spot checks near London police stations to hunt for illegal immigrants  Onlookers described their shock at the operations, with one member of the public saying it was akin to 'Nazi Germany' Swiss to decide on introduction of an unconditional basic income in public vote, mandatory 130,000 signatures have been collected. US embassy cables released by WikiLeaks show South Korean and US Intelligence Agencies hold a huge trove of evidence of human rights abuses in North Korea, which they haven't given to UN investigation. Germany Ends Cold War Spying Pact With US, Britain Snowden gets job offer from Russia's Facebook (VKontakte). His asylum papers grant him the right to work in Russia Government of India revokes GlaxoSmithKline's breast cancer drug's patent. Cops torture Untouchables, parade them naked in India Founder of leading russian social network Vkontakte is offering Snowden a job One of China's Largest, Most Prominent Media Companies12% owned by a subsidiary of Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century FoxRocked by Major Sexual Scandal  Lawsuit alleges Chinese journalist, a onetime DC bureau chief, routinely harassed & assaulted employees. A mining company has been convicted of desecrating an Aboriginal site in Australia's Northern Territory. Mining firm OM Manganese was found guilty on Friday in the first time a company has been successfully prosecuted in Australia for desecration of a sacred site Crackdown on Everest expeditions from next year after series of incidents including mass brawl on mountain Drug Resistant Tuberculosis in North Korea Is a Bigger Problem Than Previously Thought A study published this week in PLOS Medicine found that, of those treated for tuberculosis by, an American / South Korean NGO that specializes in patients who relapse, 87 percent tested positive for MDR. US To Shut Embassies Over Security Fears Tunisia launches major offensive against Islamist fighters 1,700 Russian websites on strike against new antipiracy law Over 1,700 websites in the Russian internet have joined an online strike against the new antipiracy legislation, which came into force on Thursday, allowing pretrial blocking of webpages. U.N. rights chief calls for investigation into Syria massacre U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay said on Friday she wanted an independent investigation into an apparent massacre carried out by Syrian opposition forces in the town of Khan alAssal. Heat related Drought hits 27m people in China  drinking water shortages for 5.1 million Hunan and Guizhou residents 8/2/13 (xpost /r/StormComing) Worst heat wave in 140 years hits parts of China; dozens of deaths reported  Level 2 weather emergency declared, a label normally invoked for typhoons and flooding I'm a Pastafarian Czech man, who claims his religion forces him to wear a sieve on his head, given permission to wear one on his official identity card picture. Officials ruled that turning down Novy's request would be a breach of the country's religious equality laws. Unsealed confidential British documents reveal that in 1982, German Chancellor Helmut Kohl tried to carry out a plan to reduce the number of Turks living in Germany by 50 percent within four years.