 New evidence reveals FBI demands companies secretly turn over crypto keys, allowing them to simultaneously wiretap all customers worldwide, and threatens to jail them if they violate the gag order Unsealed Lavabit documents show owner defied US government court order for SSL key and destroyed the servers instead Edward Snowden's EMail Provider Defied FBI Demands to Turn Over Crypto Keys, Documents Show  Faced $5,000 Daily Fine Police caught in the act trying to incriminate innocent brazilian protester by planting explosives in his bag Pope Francis 'I believe in God, not in a Catholic God' For sale Chinese babies and children. $8k for a baby boy, $2500 for a newborn. Many buyers are from Western countries. ExNSA/CIA chief Hayden jokes of putting Snowden on kill list Canada Rolls Out a $1 Billion Privatized Medical Marijuana Industry 85 year old Canadian farmer is forced to surrender land that has been in his family for two centuries to allow for expansion of a military base The Russian Embassy in Libya is currently under attack. No more free delivery and special discounts France moves against Amazon which is destroying bookstores. Chinese tourists warned not to pick noses or urinate in public NSA Now Claiming 'Terrorist Chatter' Leak By Unnamed Govt Officials 'More Damaging' Than All Of Snowden's Combined Teachers in China have the highest levels of public respect, according to an international study comparing their status in 21 countries. Fukushima nuclear plant operator says another tank is leaking toxic water IMF says US must solve debt crisis Health of oceans declining fast BBC News  David Cameron suggests cutting benefits for under 25's. So they are Either learning or earning Ancient 300 yearold City Of Idu Discovered Beneath Mound In Iraq AP News At least 94 dead in migrant shipwreck off Italy Russian Embassy in Libya attacked CIA ramping up covert training program for moderate Syrian rebels Iranian cyber warfare commander shot dead in suspected assassination Iran's cyberwarfare czar is allegedly assassinated Alawite villages attacked by Islamists Russia stops all adoptions to Sweden due to risk of children getting gay parents. Swiss to vote on 2,500 franc basic income for every adult  Switzerland will hold a vote on whether to introduce a basic income for all adults, in a further sign of growing public activism over pay inequality since the financial crisis. Internet freedom on decline worldwide as governments tighten grip  report UFO crashes into London primary school playground A very talented parent built the space craft and dressed as forensic detective to help with staging of crash. Later school received letter of apology from aliens stating they accidently crashed into playground whilst sightseeing in London 99% of Kidnappings in Mexico Went Unreported Last Yr  Thanks to fallout from continued crackdown on illegal drugs, its crime ratenumber of crimes per 100 headsis over 34, a near historic high. No wonder Mexicans are more concerned with security than unemployment, inflation, or health. Five stupid things Dread Pirate Roberts did to get arrested Everyone thought the shady figure behind the Silk Road website was a criminal mastermind. The reality tells a different story Gambia withdraws from Commonwealth, rejects membership of 'neocolonial institution' Pope Francis Heads of the Church have often been narcissists, flattered and thrilled by their courtiers. The court is the leprosy of the papacy. A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced a young man to 10 years in prison and 2,000 lashes for dancing naked on the roof of a car. We are not an island. We must not think we can be protected from conflicts  President of Germany urges country to play a bigger global role Thousands of proGaddafi Libyans tortured in secret prisons under new regime. TEPCO confirms contaminated water may have flowed into the Pacific Ocean in latest radioactive scare at Fukushima Russia's Military Is BackA million men under arms. Thousands of new tanks and planes. A hundred new satellites. Nextgeneration weapons. Inside Vladimir Putin's $755 billion plan to restore Russian might. NSA and GCHQ target Tor network that protects anonymity of web users Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant operator says another tank leaked toxic water FOI file reveals Catholic Church tried to strike agreement with NSW police which would conceal evidence against accused priests Saudi black op team behind Damascus chemical weapons attack  diplomatic sources The 12 countries involved in the TransPacific Partnership trade negotiations are now planning to only scrap fishing subsidies that clearly cause overfishing, negotiation sources said Thursday. Europe's Youth Unemployment Crisis In One Grim Map No threat to Qatar's right to host Fifa will announce Qatar faces no threat to its right to host the 2022 World Cup despite proven bribery, slave labor, extreme heat, and strict Islamist laws How Snowden's Email Provider Tried To Foil The FBI Using Tiny Font  The TwoWay  NPR Legendary Vietnam Gen. Vo Nguyen Giap Dies Miniskirt ban prompts protest at Hungarian university Japan to pay $3.1bn to remove US troops from Okinawa, will host spy drones Lampedusa sinking Italy mourns up to 300 migrant dead China floods thousands of troops into Tibetan village that is defying a law requiring every Tibetan to hang a Chinese flag over their home. Since troops arrived, 40 villagers have disappeared. The Pirate Party of Russia has offered NASA the use of its dedicated servers to temporarily host the US space agencys website as it has been shut down due to the lapse in federal government funding. Medicinal marijuana is now legal in Romania, the 10th country in EU that makes this decision! 1500YrOld Swedish Fortress Massacre Revealed, Frozen in Time  A fort untouched since the 5th century reveals a brutal massacre. Bodies are lying where they fell. In 1 case, a couple were cut down from behind as they ran through the house, another is in a doorway. The Supreme Court (Japan) has rejected an appeal by a citizens group demanding that the state disclose the names of firms whose employees were officially confirmed to have died from overwork, saying this could harm their corporate reputation. NSA presentation (Tor Stinks)  read the full document How the Owner of the Company That Handled Edward Snowden's Encrypted Emails Courageously Stood Up to the Feds' Massive Investigation Scientists have found way to use a third person's DNA to greatly reduce the potential for disorders of the heart, brain, and muscle. Large numbers of European politicians condemn the act as a three parent baby incompatible with human dignity and are working to make the therapy illegal. Water 6,700 times more radioactive than legal limit spills from Fukushima Morocco teens held for kissing photo on Facebook A campaign to post a million copycat photos was later launched in protest. Chile has declared a state of emergency after a late frost caused an estimated $1 billion worth of damage to fruit crops, potentially hitting wine production and impacting trade from one of South America's top fruit exporters. National Organization for Marriage Caught Helping Russia Pass Antigay Laws Ireland votes on eliminating its Senate. A Spanish judge has risked the ire of women everywhere after ruling that a driving school was within its rights to charge female learners more because it was proven that men were better drivers US scientists boycott Nasa conference over China ban; Nasa facing backlash from US researchers due to rejection of Chinese nationals from conference American and British spy agencies targeted Tor network with minimal success Tor remains largely secure  the agencies had only limited success in trying to identify users. An alcoholic British mother who let her fouryearold son starve to death and left his body in a cot for almost two years was sentenced Friday to 15 years in jail. Arab blasphemy law being drafted in Qatar Law would empower Arab countries to file cases against nonresident violators  'all forms of defamation, derision or denigration of religions and prophets will be considered crimes.' U.S. federal judge has ordered the release of a mentally ill Guantanamo Bay prisoner who spent more than 11 years at a psychiatric ward Norway asked to destroy Syria's chemical weapons Greenpeace International's director says Russia's seizure of its ship Arctic Sunrise and the arrest of its crew is the worst assault on the group's environmental activism since its flagship Rainbow Warrior was bombed in 1985. Al Jazeera sources say the US may have been involved in seaborne assault in Somalia that killed at least one alShabab fighter. The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has endorsed overtures to the US made last month by President Hassan Rouhani in New York. The Seas are in Rough Shape Children among 5 Afghans killed in NATO airstrike Muslims formed a human chain outside a Pakistan church during mass to act as a shield for those attending Sunday mass inside. China is employing two million people to keep tabs on people's Internet use, according to state media, in a rare glimpse into the secret world of Beijing's vast online surveillance operation. Russia to monitor 'all communications' at Winter Olympics in Sochi Athletes and spectators attending the Winter Olympics in Sochi in February will face some of the most invasive and systematic spying and surveillance in the history of the Games, documents shared with the Guardian show. Two Canadians who have been detained in an Egyptian jail for over a month without charges have been released, the Canadian government has confirmed. Brazilian authorities sided with protesting natives and slammed as unconstitutional an amendment that would give lawmakers authority to approve and demarcate indigenous lands Radiation Soars 6,700 Times Legal Limit as Fukushima Disasters Continue Unabated 'Cleanup' a litany of failures near daily leaks, escalating danger, TEPCO and government coverups Typo adds $14.5 billion to Spain's debt Suspected Al Qaeda leader who had a role in 1998 bombing of US Embassies in Kenya & Tanzania seized in Tripoli Israeli bulldozers razes Palestinian village for 4th time | Palestine Canadian man wins lawsuit allowing hi to resell Trader Joe's products under the name Pirate Joe's Jerusalem court rejects Israel nationality petition  Citizens have to register as Jewish, Arab or Druze and can't simply call themselves Israelis Ikea Sends Its New Flatpack Refugee Shelter to Syria Russia ordered to compensate chess grandmaster (and Putin critic) Garry Kasparov over protest arrest TransPacific Partnership Talks Headed For Finish Line Amid Official Secrecy American and British spy agencies targeted Tor network with minimal success Some Online Journals Will Publish Fake Science, For A Fee Chinas smog polluting Fuji, new study says A Japanese study is claiming that toxic air pollution from China is to blame for high mercury levels atop beloved Mount Fuji. Who bombed Pakistan's Christians?  Bombs have killed more than 100 in Pakistan in little over a week, with scores more injured. The violence has reignited a quest to understand who is fighting whom in Pakistan  and why. End of free National Health Service care for migrants under new bill (UK) Khamenei Something about Rouhani's U.S. trip wasn't proper. The U.S. government is untrustworthy, egotistical and illogical and breaks its promises. A suicide bomber drove a truck packed with explosives into the playground of a primary school in northern Iraq and blew himself up, killing 14 students and their headmaster on Sunday, police and medical sources said. Swiss to vote on providing every citizen a basic income of approximately $2,600 per month whether they work, or not. Madagascar arrests 19 over deaths of European tourists Libya wants answers over raid by US commandos Obamas noshow in Asia is a boost for Chinas Xi, trying to repair ties with region. Police in Turkey now allowed to detain potential protesters without a court order, based merely on their looks, in what an opposition member calls beyond fascism The only way to solve this problem is to execute the killers on spot  Tanzania's Minister for Natural Resources and Tourism recommends summary execution of elephant poachers. The War on Drugs Is Over. Drugs Won The war on drugs could not have been a bigger failure. To sum up their most important findings, the average purity of heroin and cocaine have increased, respectively, 60% and 11% between 1990 and 2007. Cannabis purity is up a whopping 161% over that same time North Korea calls Switzerlands refusal to sell it ski lifts a serious human rights abuse Japan asks for world's help on Fukushima leaks Brazil wants Internet independence from the US The NSA spying scandal has woken Brazil out of its data protection doze. Plans are being made for an optical network to link twelve South American countries with Europe and Africa, and largely avoid the US. British imams willing to marry girls as young as 14 in secret BBC airs *fake* video of medic claiming chemical weapons in Syria Catholic elites' clothes defy Pope Francis' call for humility. As Pope Francis urges church officials to live more modestly, the price for one cardinal's clothes can cost as much as $20,000. Canadian spy agency dissected Brazilian Energy Ministry Canada, as well as the US, infiltrated and spied on the Brazilian Energy Ministry, a new leak by Edward Snowden has revealed. A Baby factory just opened in India. Surrogate mothers will carry Western couplesabies for about 8,000 USD Nuclear scare at Navy submarine base after 'unbelievable' failures Taliban Says It Would Try to Kill Malala Yousafzai Again Turkey is set to end a ban on several letters of the alphabet Scientists who discovered the mechanism of cellular vesicle transport are awarded Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2013. Olympic flame arrives in Russia  and extinguishes itself Chinese women flock to sex classes. Sex is a traditionally a taboo topic in China  leaving some adults with no idea how procreation works. New, private classes are changing that. A set of official documents detailing how the wartime Japanese military carted off about 35 Dutch women from a prison camp in what is now Indonesia and made them provide sex as comfort women has been disclosed to a civic group at the National Archives of Japan in Tokyo, group members said Sunday. After Netanyahu tells BBC Persian that Iranians could wear jeans and listen to western music if Iran was free, Iranians tweet him photos angrily in response. Countries that treat workers the best, according to World Economic Forum 1. Switzerland 2. Finland 3. Singapore Iraq Children Killed In Playground Bombing FSB Vladimir Putin's immensely powerful modernday KGB Crocodiles Disappearing as Dinner in Jamaica  Once abundant, they're increasingly difficult to spot. A growing taste for crocodile meat & even their eggs has conservationists worried that the reptiles might be wiped from the wild altogether. Boozy feral pig who found fame after getting drunk on stolen beer and starting a fight with an innocent cow dies in car accident Assad the 'West is more confident in alQaida than me' Higgs boson scientists win Nobel prize Swiss to vote on $33,600/year universal basic income for every adult Australian FOI request proves Australian Govt knew all about PRISM, said nothing to Australian people Girl expelled from school for having two dads U.S. is now the worlds biggest oil and gas producer Ecigarettes are not medicinal and should remain on free sale, the European Parliament rules Switzerland Decriminalizes Marijuana, Won't Prosecute For Small Amounts Of Weed Kuwait has said they will use medical tests to detect homosexuals and make sure that they cannot enter the country Chinese Police Fire on Unarmed Tibetan Protesters in Driru Billionaire Masayoshi Son, Japans secondrichest person, mounted an attack on the next wealthiest, Hiroshi Mikitani, wiping out a combined $4.3 billion in their companies market values. China says US has 'responsibility' to resolve debt ceiling row; Vicefinance minister outlines concern over 'safety of Chinese investments in the United States' North Korea puts army on alert, warns U.S. of 'horrible disaster' North Korea said on Tuesday its military would be put on high alert and be ready to launch operations, stepping up tension after weeks of rhetoric directed against the United States and South Korea FBI struggles to seize 600,000 Bitcoins from alleged Silk Road founder; authorities battle to control Ross Ulbricht's personal wallet Two Inner Hebrides islands are to become a native honeybee sanctuary, after a new law is passed Conservative parties are lobbying to remove Palestinian history from school curriculum. Marijuana is Legal in North Korea Story of a Tourist Canada spying in Brazil more to come, Greenwald promises  Journalist Glenn Greenwald says he has more documents regarding Canada's spying in Brazil 'Sanctimonious little prigs' Richard Dawkins wades into row as London School of Economics atheist society anned from wearing satirical Jesus and Prophet Mohamed Tshirts' Worse Than Gangs Rio Police Criticized for Favela Crackdowns A new security campaign is helping authorities win back control of Rio's favelas ahead of next year's World Cup. Special police units are driving drug gangs out of the slums  but often only to replace them with their own thuggish rule Blood sugar Oxfam accuses Coke and Pepsi of fueling land grabs  The soft drink giants agree to look into allegations that farmers were displaced in Cambodia. Iceland rises from the ashes of banking collapse Inside Syria's model town Peace, until alQaeda arrived  The residents of Yabroud have established an independent government that manages everything from schools, the court and emergency services to humanitarian aid and defence. It is remarkably efficient  as long as they can keep alQaeda out. Arabian Gulf countries to begin using clinical tests to identify homosexuals. Will deny visas to homosexuals and transgender people. Woody Allen pulls Blue Jasmine in India  Woody Allen has stopped his latest film, Blue Jasmine, from being screened in India after learning mandatory antitobacco adverts would be inserted into its smoking scenes. Turkish police can now legally arrest and detain people they deem at risk of conducting a protest without court orders Who Wants to Be a Russian Billionaire? 35% of Russias entire wealth now in the hands of just 110 people. Teslas $110,000 Model S is now Norways bestselling car Alarming mass dieoff of starfish in areas along Canadas Pacific coast  Theyve disintegrated, now theres just goo left  Appeared to melt  Single arms clinging to rock faces, tube feet still moving Taiwan says China will be able to invade in 2020 UN caused deadly cholera in Haiti, covered it up, lawsuit says Survivors and family members of nearly 700,000 Haitians who have contracted cholera are suing the U.N. for billions of dollars, accusing it of covering up its role in starting the worst outbreak of the deadly disease in modern history. A Russian court on Tuesday ordered a critic of President Vladimir Putin confined to a psychiatric ward indefinitely over clashes with police at a protest, a ruling likened by rights activists to abuses of psychiatry during the Soviet era to jail dissidents Half of the $51bn for the 2014 Sochi Olympics, the most expensive ever, is alleged to have disappeared in corrupt building contracts 30,000 year old Brazilian artifacts throw wrench in theory humans first arrived in Americas 12,000 years ago Another accident at Fukushima. At what point do we need to start paying attention (again)? U.S. to halt Egypt aid after coup Virgin auctions Colombian gangs entrap girls as young as 10 then sell them to the highest bidder Snowden leaks are a 'gift' to terrorists says UK intelligence chief The 'First Global Snapshot' Of The Drug War Used Government Data To Prove That It's An Abysmal Failure Three years in Abu Dhabi jail for father who killed son over bad grades Canadian Workers Replaced With Temporary Foreign Workers Dolphin killing town from The Cove is to open a marine park, where you can swim with dolphins, then eat them Passenger with no flying experience lands airplane after Pilot falls ill midflight Russians being paid to post online in favor of Putin and his allies, attack his opponents. Iranian citizen I could not have dreamt that the Iranian news would broadcast the voice of real people who would say, on camera, that our president has conversed with America Nobel Chemistry Prize to Martin Karplus, Michael Levitt and Arieh Warshel for developing multiscale models for complex chemical systems Parliament suspended in France after a drunk male lawmaker makes sexist chicken noises at a female deputy The first rules on state regulation of the press for more than 300 years will be set out this week after politicians rejected the newspaper industry's plans for selfregulation Russian President Vladimir Putin voiced his strong willingness on Oct. 8 to resolve a longrunning RussoJapanese territorial dispute and sign a peace treaty with Japan. Britain arrests four users of Silk Road online marketplace President Barack Obama said on Tuesday that China had probably taken advantage of his absence from a summit in Asia this week and he warned that the government shutdown and fiscal debate were hurting U.S. credibility abroad. Azerbaijan accidentally released election results before voting had even started. It showed President Ilham Aliyev winning 73% to the opposition's 7%. China warns US to 'stop manufacturing crises' and raise debt ceiling  China criticises mindboggling political infighting over issue of raising America's $16.7 trillion debt ceiling. A farmer commits suicide every two days in France, almost 500 in three years Armed rebels kidnap Libya's prime minister William Binney is a man on a mission. He spent nearly 30 years as a top executive in America's supersecret National Security Agency (NSA), now he wants you to know that same spy agency is pushing western democracies  including Canada  toward fascism. Girl slain after alerting police about stalker Indigenous Woman Gives Birth On Hospital Lawn In Mexico After Doctors Denied Her Care  Four U.S. whistleblowers who have met with former National Security Agency systems analyst Edward Snowden say he is settling into life in Russia and expresses no regrets about leaking highly classified information. Girls in Pakistan see Taliban victim Malala as heroine I am not sure my son will be returning to the U.S. again  Edward Snowden's Father while Speaking to Russian Press Reporters in Moscow Israel demands Yatta villagers remove solar panels. China Passes U.S. As World's Biggest Oil Importer Molotovs, tear gas and a burning bus The Black Bloc join Rio teacher protest. One local resident couldnt believe what he was seeing. He turned to me and said Theres got to be another way! US  press freedom Journalists complain about the climate of fear under Obama Government turns unable to seize Bitcoins Spanish schoolkids 'fainting from hunger' due to government spending cuts EU Human Rights boss Azerbaijan President Ilham Aliyev wins third term, opposition claims fraud Turkey Cracks Down on Cleavage As dolphin dieoff nears record high, shutdown puts investigation on ice Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai wins EU human rights prize No one at Fukushima seems to have any idea what theyre doing London Police Order Registrars To Shut Down A Bunch Of Websites Without Any Legal Basis; Threaten Registrars If They Don't Comply Canadian Alice Munro receives Nobel Prize in litterature Kidnapped Libyan PM Ali Zeidan released A team of Japanese researchers has developed a compound to suppress the formation of a protein believed to cause Alzheimers disease, according to a study published Wednesday in a British science journal. Snowden given award by former CIA agents for taking a stand against abuse of information gathering $470,000 on wardrobes, $20,000 on a bath tub and $1 million on his garden  A German Catholic bishop has upset a few people with this kind of spending Skype under investigation in Luxembourg over link to NSA 'What the Guardian is doing is important for democracy'  On Thursday the Daily Mail described the Guardian as the 'The paper that helps Britain's enemies'  Editors of more than 20 newspapers around the world respond to defend The Guardian Guardian was 'entirely correct' to publish NSA stories, says Vince Cable  Britain's Business secretary confirms Deputy PM Nick Clegg is to launch review of oversight of intelligence agencies Trapped in Qatar Footballers Describe Nightmarish Treatment Qatar, host of the 2022 WC is spending a lot of money to attract players and coaches. SPIEGEL spent time with a handful who have gone to the emirate and say they are aren't getting paid, but have been prevented from leaving the country German drug firm halts US anesthetic exports after finding it was sent for executions Richest 1 Percent Hold 46 Percent Of The World's Wealth 'Stop playing well, they'll know you're not mentally disabled', the inside story of how Spain's fake Paralympic basketball team in Sydney 2000 came to be known as the biggest cheats in history. Media analysts who made frequent appearances during the recent debate over a possible U.S. strike on Syria have ties to defense contractors and other firms with stakes in the outcome More Saudi women defy driving ban despite clerics warning that it would damage their ovaries Everyone Is Leaving Rural Scotland Because the Internet Is Too Slow Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Friday that high radiation levels have been detected near three water storage tanks at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant. Syrian rebel forces killed as many as 190 civilians and seized more than 200 hostages during a military offensive in August, Human Rights Watch says. Former Chinese President Hu Jintao is to be tried for alleged Tibetan genocide in Spanish court Mexicans Dont Want NYC Mayor Bloomberg Harassing Them About Soda Consumption Either  He's exporting his dietary fingerwagging to Mexico, & it isn't going over well. He's become a target in the debate over a proposal to impose a 1 peso (8 cent) per liter tax on soft drinks. Skype under investigation in Luxembourg over link to NSA Ten years ago, the calling service had a reputation as a tool for evading surveillance but now it is under scrutiny for covertly passing data to government agencies Wikileaks releases it's internal memo and the script of film 'The Fifth Estate' which criticises it 'Even worse than Foxconn' Apple rocked by child labour claims The World Bank Rejecting The Rule of Law Iran cancels annual anti Zionism conference Syrian rebels killed at least 190 civilians and took more than 200 hostage during an offensive in Latakia province in August, Human Rights Watch said on Friday, in what it calls the first evidence of crimes against humanity by opposition forces. French cop caught on video beating black woman and spraying tear gas in her face committed no infraction, has charges dropped Destroying for Peace OPCW, the UN's chemical weapons watchdog, wins Nobel Peace Prize against Malala Yousafzai and other significant individuals Alzheimer's breakthrough hailed as 'turning point' Malala meets Barack Obama and asks him to end Drone Strikes Google will soon put your face, name, and content in its ads BBC News  Cyclone Phailin Mass evacuations in eastern India! [It Is As Strong as Katrina, Twice as Wide as Sandy And it is About to Devastate India] Keep us in thought Reddit! Saudi Arabia's Women Driving Ban Doctor Dismisses Cleric's Claim That Driving Hurts Ovaries International Monetary Fund strongly suggests countries tax the rich to fix deficit European Utilities Say They Can't Make Money Because There's Too Much Renewable Energy New video Edward Snowden receives award from NSA, CIA, FBI and DOJ officials, breaks silence on NSA programs for the first time in Russia. Reveals new details on how mass surveillance makes us less  not more  safe. Asian nations stockpile $6 trillion safety net in anticipation of US default. Snowden drawn into Brazil investigation of alleged spying Brazil will ask the Russian government for permission to speak with Edward Snowden to learn more about U.S. and Canadian espionage activities in this country A SrebrenicaEsque Massacre Has Recently Taken Place In North Korea's Killing Fields In a reversal of its longstanding policy toward nuclear weapons, Japan, the only nation that has experienced the devastation of atomic bombings, will sign a joint statement by the United Nations calling for their abolition. The war on drugs is a broken business model Queen receives payrise after her rainyday fund is reduced to her last 1million Internet freedom on the decline around the world Arafat poisoning claim backed by journal  Lancet publishes peer review supporting findings Palestinian leader may have been poisoned by polonium. Syrian rebels accused of massacring civilians 'March Against Monsanto' Live Updates Another migrant boat sinks off Sicily, 200 people in sea BBC News High Court orders two sisters must receive MMR vaccine Dark web 'will evolve', warns UK cyber crime chief Malala Wins Sakharov Award, EU's Top Human Rights Award Japanese authorities may have underestimated by 20 percent the radiation doses workers got in the initial phase of the Fukushima nuclear power plant disaster, a Japanese newspaper reported on Saturday, citing a U.N. panel. A hedge fund that employs one of George Osborne's closest friends and best man is among the City institutions set to make millions from the privatisation of Royal Mail. Saudi woman detained for blogging & supporting women drivers in Saudi Arabia Foxconn admits labour violation at China factory Shutdown US 'Days' from Causing Worldwide Economic Disaster, says World Bank  If this comes to pass, it could be a disastrous event for the developing world, and that will in turn greatly hurt developed economies as well. 46 per cent global wealth owned by richest 1 per cent Credit Suisse Middle Class Young People to be Materially Worse of than Their Parents Degrading virginity tests on women must stop, Quebec doctors group urges France cements fracking ban A law prohibiting fracking for shale gas has been upheld by France's constitutional court, citing environmental protection World prepares for U.S. debt default Pink Floyds Roger Waters Tells His Israeli Fans, Its Apartheid Clear And Simple Tens of thousands of mainly young Israelis protest against hardliners opposed to peace with the Palestinians and mourn peaceseeking prime minister Yitzhak Rabin. A Roman bathhouse still in use after 2,000 years Fukushima Farmer Plutonium was detected all over village 25 miles from plant  Professor Something terrible, dreadful happening  Mayor Please dont tell this to the residents (VIDEO) Stopping Bank Bonuses Could Breach Top Bankers' Human Rights, Warns Bank Of England China has signed a 350billionyuan (45 billion euro) currency swap agreement with the European Union, marking a major step in internationalizing its currency More disclosures about Canada's aggressive foreign spying activities are coming, suggests Glenn Greenwald . . . 'There is a huge amount of stuff about Canada in these archives because Canada works so closely with the NSA,' Mr. Greenwald, who lives in Brazil, told The Globe and Mail in an interview U.S. citizen found dead in Egyptian prison Reallife 'Captain Phillips' Says HighSeas Piracy Also Thrives in South America and Spain, Not Just Somalia Snowden mass surveillance making us less safe From Silicon Valley to the South Pacific, counterattacks to revelations of widespread National Security Agency surveillance are taking shape, from a surge of new encrypted email programs to technology that sprinkles the Internet with red flag terms to confuse wouldbe snoops. Cyclone Phailin, India Google has launched a 'Person Finder' to help those displaced by the storm to reconnect with their families. It is an open source software that allows individuals to post and search for the status of relatives or friends affected by a disaster. The Plight of the Pangolin One of the planet's most extraordinary and intelligent animals is being hunted to extinction. Believed to be the world's most trafficked animal, a single pangolin can fetch as much as $7,000 on the black market. A Eureopean Union study has found 600,000 unemployed migrants are living in Britain  a 42 per cent rise. Chile indigenous groups mark Columbus Day with protests Global 'March Against Monsanto' rallies activists Russian officials have been threatening Ukraine with dire consequences, if it signs a free trade / association agreement with the EU in Vilnius Gaza tunnel uncovered inside Israel, says army French headmaster forced out of Qatar after 'antiMuslim' charges Not a single byte should leave Germany  Communication giants puts forward plan to combat NSA spies with Germanonly network hubs China state media blasts US shutdown, calls for a deAmericanized world NSA backlash sparks new technology. Antisurveillance technology created in light of NSA expose Research finds that giving money to the poor reduces poverty. CIA asset implicated in 1985 murder of undercover DEA agent in Mexico Radiation experts confirm polonium on Arafat clothing Nobody wins African prize for good governance  for 4th time in 5 years Former director general of Nobel Peace Prize winner OPCW, on his ousting in 2002 the Bush administration [feared] that chemical weapons inspections in Iraq would conflict with Washingtons rationale for invading it New York Times says UK tried to get it to hand over Snowden documents China U.S. fiscal failure warrants a deAmericanized world German bishop faces grilling over lavish lifestyle. A German bishop was in Rome on Monday to explain himself to Pope Francis after facing multiple calls to resign over embezzling $42 million in church funds. 3 million Spaniards getting by on just 307 ($416) a month. Spain's rich poor divide is now the widest in Europe. India Seizes Armed Antipiracy Ship Owned by U.S. Security Firm GCHQ is probably intercepting legally privileged communications between lawyers and their clients, according to a detailed claim filed on behalf of eight Libyans involved in politically sensitive compensation battles with the UK The perfect epitaph for establishment journalism 'If MI5 warns that this is not in the public interest who am I to disbelieve them?', says the former editor of The Independent BBC News  Malaysia court rules nonMuslims cannot use the word 'Allah' In Indonesia, Environmentalists See a Disaster in the Making  Near a palm oil plantation, bulldozers & chainsaws can be heard in what is officially protected forest. With few areas left for expansion, loggers are denuding the land. Snowden leaks MI5 chief accused of using 'foolish selfserving rhetoric'  Former DPP Lord Macdonald dismisses Andrew Parker's claim that greater scrutiny would harm intelligence agencies The 12 Least Ethical Companies In The World Covalence's Ranking Chinese tourists arrested in Paris after trying to pay for hotel room with coins Moscow riots follow murder blamed on migrant  Chants of Russia for the Russians and White Power. IMF eyes tax potential of the world's superrich China surpasses the United States as worlds largest net oil importer France prepares for war in the Central African Republic China state media blasts US shutdown, calls for a 'deAmericanized' world ...without striking a viable deal to bring normality to the body politic they brag about, it is perhaps a good time for the befuddled world to start considering building a deAmericanized world, Somali Pirate Warlord lured to Brussels Airport, Belgium, under pretext he was signing a movie deal about his life. He came. Got arrested. (English, translations available) In a single day, the N.S.A. collects an estimated 500,000 buddy lists from chat services as well as 444,743 email address books from Yahoo, 105k from Hotmail, 82k from Facebook, 33k from Gmail and 22k from unspecified other providers. Millions of Americans are impacted, yet no law authorizes it. Greenwald on Snowden Leaks The Worst Is Yet to Come Edward Snowden Is a Patriot ExNSA CIA, FBI and Justice Whistleblowers Meet Leaker in Moscow Islam does not allow terrorism at any cost. Islam condemns all violence and terrorism plaguing the world today. Muslims should demonstrate a love for peace and unity. Grand Islamic cleric at annual Hajj pilgrimage. NSA Leaks Prompt Rethinking of U.S. Control Over the Internet's Infrastructure Microphone bomb kills Afghan governor during mosque speech Qatar detained two Germans who filmed World Cup labour conditions The European Space Agency has unveiled plans to take 3D printing into the metal age by building parts for jets, spacecraft and fusion projects. Latest Snowden Leaks NSA collects millions of email address books globally Methlike substance found in popular workout supplements Further proof emerges of Turkeys genocide MINING billionaire Andrew Forrest has gifted a staggering $65 million  believed to be the nation's largest single philanthropic donation  to attract the world's best minds to Western Australia's universities. 7.2 Earthquake strikes The Philippines Ethiopian utopian village goes against the grain a community where gender equality is crucial, where organized religion is banished, and where work and development are of the upmost importance...run by way of committees where 50percentplusone vote majorities decide all bylaws and decisions School bribes pupils to take religion classes with paintball and excursions 12yearold boy's letter to newspaper goes viral Jos Bustani, founding director of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (which just won the Nobel Peace Prize), was ousted by the Bush administration in 2002 because he was a roadblock to war  since, as Bustani now explains, everybody knew Iraq had no chemical weapons Bubonic plague epidemic possible in Madagascar Swiss scientists say Yasser Arafat's belongings have traces of polonium210, supporting possibility that Palestinian leader was poisoned with radioactive substance  Lancet paper North Americas Largest City Moves to Legalize Pot Legislators in Mexico City, the largest city in North America, are preparing to push through certain measures that would decriminalize and regulate the consumption of marijuana in the Mexican capital Rogers telephone bill ruins credit rating of man who doesn't have Rogers account Typhoon Wipha, packing winds of up to 144 kilometers per hour near its center, is on a path that will take it toward the precarious Fukushima nuclear power plant. Taliban launches 'multiple rocket fire' on US Bagram airfield in Afghanistan China confirms new human H7N9 infection The Russia Left Behind France finds Church of Scientology guilty of organized fraud despite religious freedom claims Glenn Greenwald is leaving The Guardian to launch his own news organization, which already has substantial monetary backing Divers have recovered what may be a 570kg chunk of the space rock that exploded over Chelyabinsk earlier this year. The object is thought to have plunged into Lake Chebarkul leaving a 6mwide hole in the ice. If confirmed, it would be the largest fragment of the meteorite yet found. Brazilian judge rules in favour of farmers against Monsanto Jihadi Work Accident Two AlShabaab Suicide Bombers Planning To Attack World Cup Qualifying Match Accidentally Blow Themselves Up While Preparing Attack Transparency International calls on German President to intervene after BMW gives almost $1million to politicians who then block law to limit car emissions End of Swiss bank secrecy, black money information to be shared Iraq War death toll near 500K, new study estimates Germanys Bishop of Bling  Pope Francis has summoned a spendthrift German bishop to Rome to answer for his excesses, including a $3 million marble courtyard at his new headquarters with fountains spouting holy water. Using militarygrade helicopters, nightvision equipment and guns fitted with stealth silencers, organized crime syndicates are taking rhino poaching to a whole new level BP oil spill ExHalliburton manager pleads guilty to destroying evidence The Canadian Government Is Spying on Behalf of the Energy Industry Colombian Street Gangs Kidnap Girls and Auction Off Their Virginity Brazilian government to ditch Microsoft in favour of bespoke email system Snowden leaks David Cameron urges committee to investigate Guardian. Thai Police Are Shocked, Shocked After Rihanna Exposes Their Country's Sex Shows Iraq war claimed half a million lives, peerreviewed medical study finds 93 dead as 7.2 magnitude quake hits Philippine tourist islands Malala Yousafzai to get honorary Canadian citizenship GoDaddy Pulls Lavabit's Security Creds Because The FBI Got Ahold Of Its Encryption Keys Dutch diplomat assaulted in Russia The number of cockroach farms in China is growing I just want to have a future. Anger in France as Roma girl gets kicked off a bus during a school trip and deported back to Kosovo Fukushima Industries said Tuesday it was rethinking its Fukuppy mascot, after the Internet erupted in sniggers over a name that recalls the catalogue of mishandling at the Fukushima nuclear plant. Lavabit comes back online for 96 hours to allow users to download their data. The 'window' is open until 19 October. German filmmaker imprisoned for exposing dire Qatar World Cup worker conditions Scotland Now Receives 40 Percent of its Power from Renewables Senior gay Dutch Diplomat (60) Tied down and beaten up in his Moscow home. LGBT written in lipstick on his mirror. Pope Francis to Auction his Harley Davidson Motorcycle to Benefit Homeless Kenya to microchip all rhinos' horns to beat poachers Documents reveal NSAs extensive involvement in targeted killing program Largest Star ever found in the universe about to go supernova 16000 ly from Earth Brazil's biggest drug cartel promises a 'World Cup of terror' as violent demonstrations take over the streets... The threat was issued by the First Capital of the Command in Sao Paulo... Gang was behind the murder of more than a hundred of the city's police Some 30 million people are enslaved worldwide, trafficked into brothels, forced into manual labor, victims of debt bondage or even born into servitude, a global index on modern slavery showed on Thursday [17 October 2013]. Almost half are in India New EU rules to curb transfer of data to US after Edward Snowden revelations  Regulations will make it harder to move European data to third countries, with fines running into billions for failure to comply Kim Jong Un's Luxurious 'SevenStar' Lifestyle Of Yachts, Booze And Food North Korean dictator Kim Jongun enjoys a sevenstar lifestyle of yachts, parties and extravagant food, his friend Dennis Rodman has revealed. Deaf 10yearold girl trafficked to UK, kept in cellar and raped by pensioner Romanian villagers occupy site to prevent Chevron 'fracking'. Chevron decides to suspend its activities (update in comments) 10 reasons not to trust claims UK national security is being threatened by media covering whistleblower leaks British Gas hikes prices by 9.2%  with customers' annual bills set to rise by over 120  It'll leave average annual bills at a record high, forcing many more hardup households into fuel poverty. Energy giant denies accusations of profiteering, blames external factors. 2% of China's public consumes onethird of world's luxury goods 95 Bushfires burning throughout New South Wales, Australia. Hundreds of homes lost. Amnesty has urged Iran not to go ahead with a repeat execution for a drug smuggler who survived a botched hanging. The condemned man was found alive in a morgue after being hanged at a jail in the city of Bojnord last week. He is now being nursed to recovery in preparation for his repeat execution. Man from Kiribati Applying to High Court of New Zealand to be Granted Asylum as Climate Change Refugee  has three children who will live long enough to see Kiribati disappear under the Pacific Ocean National study suggests Finland is the first country in the world to start to get fitter  a reduction in obesity rates Turkey blows Israels cover for Iranian spy ring 5 major bush fires are still burning in NSW, Australia; spreading towards houses and has already shut down Newcastle Airport White House says Iran sounds serious in nuclear talks EU says Palestinian Authority lost 2.5 billion euros of aid over the last four years Bishop Christopher Senyonjo, Excommunicated Ugandan Priest, Says American Missionaries Feed LGBT Hate Snowden US would have buried NSA warnings forever. Whistleblower says he shared information with media because he could not trust internal reporting mechanisms A Taliban Ban on Vaccination Is Exacerbating A Serious Polio Outbreak In Pakistan, Threatening To Derail Dramatic Progress Made This Year Towards Wiping Out The Disease Worldwide. France rules mayors cannot refuse to marry gay couples US to sell $10.8 bln in missiles, bombs to Saudis, UAE Total of 11 car bombs and two suicide bombings killed 66 people in Iraq today Police in central Greece find 4 year old blond, blue eyed girl living in Roma camp and are now seeking her biological parents. Scientology's fraud conviction upheld in France... top appeals court has upheld a fraud conviction and fines totalling hundreds of thousands of euros against the Church of Scientology, for taking advantage of vulnerable followers Canada and Europe sign historic free trade deal The NSA Revelations Are Destroying IBM Hardware Sales In China With UN Debit Cards, Syrian Refugees No Longer Depend on Food RationsThe UN World Food Programme will soon distribute Mastercard prepaid debit cards, each loaded with $27, to Syrian refugees in Lebanon so they can buy their own food and boost the local economy. I do own a driving license, that of my kingdom,  The selfproclaimed 'King of Germany' who has founded his own realm with 3,500 subjects has been sent to jail for using a fake driving license...from his own kingdom India arrests crew of US ship carrying weapons UK Orders WSJ to Withhold Names of Implicated LIBOR Manipulators After Story Already Hits Wires New Kenya mall attack footage shows brutality, horror of assault Women jailed for miscarrying in El Salvador Cat Caught Carrying Marijuana Into Moldovan Prison Saudi Arabia gives up its status of nonpermanent UNSC member less than 24 hours after being voted in, saying UN doesn't do anything for conflict resolution Police in Riot Gear TearGas and Shoot First Nations Coalition Protesting Hydraulic Fracturing in New Brunswick, Canada. 30+ Arrested. Snowden Says He Took No Secret Files to Russia Dutch Telcos Used Customer Metadata, Retained To Fight Terrorism, For Everyday Marketing Purposes Five police cruisers torched, 40 protesters arrested as native antifracking rally. (social search of the area) Pakistan polio outbreak, amid Taliban ban on vaccination, puts global eradication at risk Saudi Arabia on Friday rejected its freshlyacquired seat on the U.N. Security Council, saying the 15member body is incapable of resolving world conflicts such as the Syrian civil war. Dolphins butchered for shark bait in illegal hunt off the coast of Peru Five police cruisers torched, 40 protesters arrested as native antifracking rally turns violent U.N. tells U.S. to release drone assassination data US has killed far more civilians with drones than it admits, says UN Girl smuggled into Britain to have her 'organs harvested' In biggest ceasefire violation in 10 years, Pakistan troops open fire at 25 locations on international border.(India) The British public has such poor religious literacy that a modern audience would be baffled by the Monty Python film The Life of Brian  because it would not understand the Biblical references, a senior BBC figure has claimed. Court bans Berlusconi from public office British Muslim Convert Pleads Guilty To Trying To Enforce Sharia Law In London, Part of Muslim Patrol That Would Attack NonBelievers US Quietly Releasing $1.6B in Pakistan Assistance Drone strikes by US may violate international law, says UN; CIA attacks lead to civilian deaths & casualties, US protocols are 'hurdle to transparency' The Race To Silk Road 2.0  Eight Sites Battle It Out To Become The Internets GoTo Drug Site Australia wildfires Resident dies defending home, thousands evacuated Islamic police in northern Nigerias Kano state will begin enforcing Sharia based law. Ten thousand officers will be on the streets making sure all citizens, including Christians, adhere to the strict Islamic legal code UN Urged To Declare Canada's Treatment Of Aboriginals 'Genocide' 'Let Jesus be known' Pope speaks English publicly for the first time Michael Gove governments must stop lying to children about life chances UK court blocks WSJ story on rate rigging publisher of the Wall Street Journal pledged Friday to fight an injunction preventing publication of the names of traders who may be implicated in the raterigging case involving the London interbank offered rate, or LIBOR Australian Hare Krishna 'guru' jailed for raping teen girls in France, despite claiming they forced him to serve their 'unbridled sexual appetites' Iran opens doors to tourists French politician suspended after calling nations first black minister a monkey who belongs in the trees Girls in Talibancontrolled Swat Valley going to school without fear Saying they don't care what the Taliban does, smiling. Syrian rebels assaulted a checkpoint in a progovernment suburb of Damascus, setting off a suicide vehicle bomb that killed 16 soldiers Maldives sank further into political disarray Saturday when police blocked officials from conducting a presidential revote, saying that holding the election would violate a Supreme Court order. Pakistan tells U.N. at least 400 civilians killed by drone strikes  Of some 2,200 people killed by drone strikes in the past decade, at least 400 were civilians and an additional 200 victims were deemed probable noncombatants, a U.N. human rights investigator said on Friday. UK's top prosecutor defends journalists who break law in public interest Qatar is Down Syrian Electronic Army hijacks major Qatar websites NSA Hacked Email Account of Mexican President The NSA has been systematically eavesdropping on the Mexican govet for years. It hacked into the president's public email account and gained deep insight into policy making and the political system. President Barack Obama's administration is urging the Supreme Court not to take up the first case it has received on controversial National Security Agency's foreign and domestic cybersnooping. Gunman in clown suit kills senior Mexican drug cartel member Undercover investigation reveals horrific conditions in egg industry W5 discovered the Egg Farmers of Canada had sent out a nationwide security alert to egg farmers across Canada, warning them about our story... to prevent any visits by reporters. Why have young people in Japan stopped having sex? For their govt, 'celibacy syndrome' is part of a looming national catastrophe. Japan already has one of the worlds lowest birth rates. Its population of 126M, which has been shrinking for the past decade, is projected to plunge a further  by 2060 Sailor After we left Japan, it felt as if the ocean itself was dead  Nothing alive for over 3,000 miles  No longer saw turtles, dolphins, sharks, birds  Saw one whale, it appeared helpless with big tumor on head Mexico Bans GMO CornA ruling by a judge in Mexico City has suspend the planting of genetically modified corn in our country. On the Kansas plains, thousands of soldiers once bound for Iraq or Afghanistan are now gearing up for missions in Africa Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Hong Kong to protest against what they see as a lack of government transparency and accountability. In China, victory for wildlife conservation as citizens persuaded to give up shark fin soup. People said it was impossible to change China, but the evidence we are now getting says consumption of shark fin soup in China is down by 50 to 70 percent in the last two years JPMorgan to pay $14bn for role in meltdown  agrees deal to settle probes into bad loans sold before the 2007 crisis, but criminal proceedings to continue NASA to China Scientists No Chinese researchers allowed! Oh wait, please come  NASA barred them from Kepler Conference citing national security. But some US scientists decried the ban. The meeting is about planets located trillions of miles away with no national security implications. Pope Francis launches reform of Vatican bureaucracy, with cleanup of Vatican bank Argentines Worry Agrochemicals Are Killing Them A country once known for its grassfed beef is now dominated by soy, corn and cotton. Doctors and scientist worry the chemicals may be the cause of rising cancer rates, birth defects and other health problems Like Norway & NZ, Swedish Pension Funds Drop US Firm Due to Bad Environmental Practices  Says 'Freeport McMoRan Holdings' linked to serious adverse impacts in Papua, where it runs worlds biggest copper & gold mine. Massive amount of waste is visible from space. Mexico drug lord shot dead by clown assassins Gunmen in disguise kill lieutenant of oncepowerful Tijuana cartel during family children's party. Inmates Bullied Into Converting To Islam Norwegian suspect named as Kenya mall gunman Scotland wants to secede from UK. Referendum less than a year away. US debt surges $328 billion in single day, surpassing $17 trillion for first time Lobbying Bonanza as Firms Try to Influence European Union law firms have managed to win results for clients, which include chemical & energy companies, drug makers, Silicon Valley firms, Wall Street businesses & military contractors. The firms are taking advantage of weak ethics rules in Brussels Canadian Hamlet Evacuated After Oil Train Crash Causes Huge Blaze  Emergency crews battle fire after tanker cars carrying crude oil & petroleum gas leak following derailment in Alberta Is Brazil lost at sea?  After a rough season, Brazil hopes bidding for its massive offshore oil reserves will right the ship. Now Brazilian oil workers are striking and energy majors like ExxonMobil, Chevron and BP aren't placing their bids. In postcrisis Spain, communism is beginning to emerge as a viable economic model. More than 90% of people in European cities breathe dangerous air, study finds Countries have downplayed hazards of air pollution despite evidence that it leads to 430,000 shortened lives a year 70 million phone calls in France recorded in one month by NSA, new report claims. French government demands immediate explanation to shocking revelations Poachers kill 300 Zimbabwe elephants with cyanide A 41yearold native of Monaco increasingly looks to be to banking what Edward Snowden is to American surveillance. Uruguay government to sell three marijuana cigarettes for 1 dollar Ebay founder Pierre Omidyar to start a new platform for investigative journalism, hires Glenn Greenwald, the journalist behind Snowden's leaks. With U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan, American military gear sold as scrap  The armored trucks, televisions, ice cream scoops and nearly everything else shipped here for Americas war against the Taliban are now part of the worlds biggest garage sale. Snowden leaks France summons US envoy over NSA surveillance claims  Demand follows claims in Le Monde that US agency has been intercepting phone calls of French citizens on 'a massive scale' Between 2002 and 2005, U.S. forces shot off 6 billion bullets in Iraq (something like 300,000 for every person killed). They also dropped 2,000 to 4,000 tons of bombs on Iraqi cities, leaving behind a witchs brew of contaminants and toxic metals, including the neurotoxins lead and mercury. AntiShark Fin Soup Campaign Goes Viral in China Pirate Bay's PirateBrowser web browser reaches 1m downloads Conservative British Tory MP tells onelegged wheelchair beggar, who was begging outside of parliament, to 'get a jo Lawyers for Libyan politician Abdel Hakim Belhaj, who accuses MI6 and the CIA of secretly sending him and his pregnant wife to be tortured by Muammar Gaddafi, will challenge the UK government's efforts to have his case thrown out or tried in secret. Brazilian activists have stormed a laboratory in the southeastern state of Sao Paulo and freed some 200 Beagle dogs used for drug testing. 5 $33,000 a year for every adult guaranteed $66,000 per couple base income  Switzerland referendum after hearing how much CEO's get payed compared to workers An Afghan army special forces commander has defected to an insurgent group allied with the Taliban in a Humvee truck packed with his team's guns and hightech equipment, officials in the eastern Kunar province said on Sunday. The US National Security Agency recorded millions of French phone calls, including those involving individuals with no links to terrorism, Le Monde reported on Monday, prompting France to summon the US ambassador for immediate talks. China smog emergency shuts city of 11 million people Iranian Brig. Gen. Masoud Jazayeri, America on the one hand arms alQaida (in the Syrian civil war) and on the other kills (alQaida) members. Such a doublestandard policy will be divulged, and the weapons in possession of alQaida and other terrorist groups will target the Americans Thirteen Vietnamese fishermen were arrested after being found in Philippine waters with a haul of protected sea turtles China Arrests Prominent Businessman Who Backed Human Rights Causes What the 9,000 fee gets you less teaching time  University lecturers in the UK devote less time to teaching now their students are paying 9,000 a year for courses than they did when tuition was free Fukushima overwhelmed with radioactive water  Highly radioactive water overflowed barriers into Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station after its operator Tepco underestimated how much rain would fall and failed to pump it out quickly enough. Afghan special forces commander defects with guns to insurgents Chinese Can't Understand Why The French Work So Little 60 injured in Montenegro during gay pride march China smog emergency shuts city of 11 million people. The smog is so bad, 'You cant see your own fingers in front of you.' (Photo Gallery) Japan will shoot down foreign drones US officials responsible for the secret CIA drone campaign should stand trial, says Amnesty Intl Groom gets a year in jail for staging a bomb hoax on his wedding day to avoid bride finding out he had forgotten to book a venue The Australian Capital Territory legalises samesex marriage. US brushes off France's complaints, says all nations spy Nobel peace prize winner Lech Walesa calls for a new set of secular Ten Commandments to provide the foundation for a universal human values. Indian Illegal Mining Investigation that Led to Arrests of Public Officials Abruptly Ends Without Explanation  Sudden halt sparks concern over extent of corruption uncovered. India ending investigation shows failure to protect vulnerable tribal communities. Gay marriage legalised in the Australian Capital Territory. UK Wikipedia Editors Express Shock & Dismay at Discovery of 100s of Paidfor Entries Promoting Products & Organisations  Most disputed entries originate from US company WikiPR, which claims to build, manage, 7 translate Wikipedia pages for over 12,000 people & companies. Brunei introduces death by stoning under new Islamic laws Israel Economic Assessment Says Legalizing Cannabis Will Boost Revenue Britains jails facing growing problem of forced conversion to Islam, officers warn Thousands of Christians in Egypt turned out for the funerals of four members of a family gunned down as they waited outside a Coptic church for a wedding. Another Blond Girl Seized from a Gypsy Camp  This time in Dublin David Cameron criticises Facebook as irresponsible for allowing users to post videos of beheadings Activists urge South Korea to cancel an imminent shipment of over 1.6 million tear gas canisters allegedly ordered by Bahraini authorities battling a twoandahalfyearlong rebellion. The head of the UN body tasked with delivering a global climate treaty broke down in tears at a meeting as she spoke about the impact of global warming on coming generations. Christiana Figueres told the BBC that the lack of an agreement was condemning future generations before they are even born UN Holland has to stop Sinterklaasfeest US admits French surveillance revelations raise 'legitimate questions' 'Megafire' fears grip Australia as dozens of blazes rage Uruguay Will Sell Legal Marijuana For $1 Per Gram, Official Says Infant Mortality in India Down by 30% in Past Decade Israel's elections bring 'racism' to the fore Walesa Wants New Secular 'Ten Commandments' 'We need to agree on common values for all religions as soon as possible, a kind of secular Ten Commandments on which we will build the world of tomorrow,' he said in an opening speech kicking off the threeday summit. First 3D printers arrive to Haiti, quickly put to use making umbilical cord clamps and other hardtoobtain medical gear India Minor girl gang raped and burnt alive Mexico officially bans genetically modified corn, citing risk of imminent harm to the environment Pirate Bay founder writes open letter seeking to stop his extradition from Sweden A Yemeni father has burned his 15yearold daughter to death for keeping in touch with her fiance, police said, sparking further outrage in Yemen, where an eightyear girl died from internal bleeding on her wedding night a month ago. European Parliament calls for suspension of EUUS bank data deal (SWIFT) in response to NSA snooping Edward Snowden NSA files Guardian should be prosecuted, says Tory MP About 60 to 70 percent of all inmates in France's prison system are Muslim, though Muslims make up only about 12 percent of the country's population The leader of Poland's Catholic Church suggests that children are partly to blame for being sexually abused by priests. Bahrain Just Bought More Tear Gas Canisters Than It Has Citizens As New South Wales endures its earliest wild fire season, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says UN climate head is 'talking through her hat' claiming a link between climate change and wildfires Vatican suspends ishop of bling' The Vatican suspends a German Catholic bishop dubbed the bishop of bling over his alleged lavish spending Denmark is considered to be the happiest place on earth, yet again. Diebold charged with bribing officials, falsifying records in China, Russia, Indonesia; fined nearly $50 million Footage of Spanish police allegedly beating a man to death in Barcelona's gay quarter has put the spotlight back on the country's brutal police force Canadian civil liberties group sues Spy agency (Equivalent of NSA) for violating the charter of rights and freedoms Two police officers sacked over using Taser on innocent man five times  Kyle McArdle was put into the back of a police van and hit with five Taser rounds after he was spotted urinating in an alley Japan plans to blast a hole into an asteroid with their new space cannon Boko Haram Islamists Hack 19 Motorists To Death Ukrainian AntiMuslim/White extremist murdered 82yearold Muslim man, planted mosque bombs in Britain. He said he murdered (Saleem) because he wasn't white. Big typhoons may collide Less than a week after being hit by the largest typhoon in a decade, Tokyo is bracing for another strong storm that will likely reach the area Saturday, and it may get merged with an even stronger approaching tempest. Bell to track customers web usage, mobile history, phone calls and TV veiwing in changed privacy policy. More intrusive than anything Google has done. Obama Administration Reportedly Halts Aid to Syrian Rebels Nigerias Islamic Police Arrest 150 For Violating Sharia Dress Codes, Having UnIslamic Hairstyles Back to the future Communist Party may gain power in the Czech Republic  Fed up with corruption, a disenchanted electorate could give the Communists their first real influence since 1989 in elections this week. Angela Merkel called Barack Obama today to complain against NSA attempts to eavesdrop on her personal phone. Internal investigations done by german intelligence agencies clearly hinted at US attempts to break into her phone. [Source in German] U.S.funded Afghan hospital project paid $500agallon for gas instead of marketrate of $5 and is still 23 months behind schedule Pot growers celebrate as Uruguay legalizes cultivation and consumption of marijuana Uruguay is about to go where no country has gone before by legalizing the cultivation and distribution of marijuana, with the leftofcenter government regulating all facets of the trade Six months ago, 1,127 Bangladeshi workers were killed in a garment factory collapse. Today, not a single Bangladeshi garment factory has been inspected. DNA test proves 7 year old girl taken from by police from house in Dublin this week is related to Roma family  The couple have maintained all along that the 7yearold blonde girl is their daughter The insolent actions of the USA must be stopped. It is a punch in the face  Germany reacts to reports NSA tapped Merkel's phone Secret memos show that senior Pakistani government officials have for years known of and endorsed CIA drone strikes. Where Do the Dollars For Drone Victims End Up? In the Hands of American NGOs  $40 million allocated never made it to the people who need it the most Giant mirrors installed on Norway mountainside The massive mirrors will bring winter sunlight to a Norwegian town for the first time Al Gore attacks Tony Abbott's refusal to link bushfires with climate change  Nobel laureate likens Australian prime minister to 'pliant politicians' who said tobacco didn't cause lung cancer German Catholics can only remain in the Church if they pay membership tax, rules court. All Germans who are officially registered as Catholics, Protestants or Jews pay a religious tax, worth an extra 89% of their income tax bill. Two large earth facing sunspots give us both barrels, incoming storm expected 1,000 year old frozen arrows found preserved in Swedish mountain ice ATM company Diebold charged with bribery, falsifying docs The charges are in response to worldwide pattern of criminal conduct, according to a U.S. Attorney West African Inventor Creates a $100 3D Printer from EWaste Talks to Create Worlds 2 Largest Marine Reserves in Antarctic Being Undermined by LastDitch Push for Sunset clause allowing fishing & oil drilling  Proposal backed by US & NZ would create 1.3m sq km no take zone in 1 of last pristine bodies of water in world. Pussy Riot Member Missing Since 10/21 Iranian who survived execution will be spared second hanging. The justice minister claims Alireza, found alive in morgue and now on life support, survived penalty so will not be 'reexecuted'. National Trust won't accept wind turbines on its land, might accept fracking. World leaders called Obama to ask why he has bugged their phone. Royal Marines murdered man live on camera court martial continues. In China, 'everyone is guilty of corruption' A fake priest held hostage the family of Spain's corrupt ex treasurer, demanding a flash drive with secret info which could ring down the government'. Experian sells thousands of Personal Identifiable Information to ID thieves in Singapore USStudent left scarred for life in latenight mob attack three days after arriving in the UK NSA monitored calls of 35 world leaders after US official handed over contacts Switzerland may be close to enshrining a law that would ban an executive from earning more than 12 times what the lowest paid worker at a Swiss company earns Europe Demands the US Agree to Stop Spying Over 100 rhinos poached in S.Africa in past month. Kruger National Park is worst affected, having lost 476 rhinos since January. To clean up Beijing, the Chinese government will suck its western regions dry. Beijing will be one of the first cities powered by Synthetic natural gas which emits 82% more greenhouse emissions than coal. Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims Another jumbo poisoner gets 15 yrs. A Hwange court on Wednesday sentenced a poacher to more than 14 years in prison for poisoning and killing elephants with cyanide, the fourth such conviction in the country [Zimbabwe] in a month. Anonymous pledges support to Canada antifracking protesters  Anonymous is joining antifracking campaigns, targeting the Canadian government, corporations and energy conglomerates. Greenwald NSA spied on the Italian government and military Bangladesh Accuses Countrys Only Nobel Prize Winner Of Being UnIslamic, Spreading Homosexuality, An Accomplice of Jews And Christians DNA tests confirm Bulgarian Roma woman as mother of mystery child Maria found in Greece last week UK Police seize 3D printed gun parts, which turn out to be 3D printer parts. French football clubs to go on strike because of a new 75% tax on over 1 million euro wages Another Denial of NSA Spying Even as More Evidence Emerges Italian PM says spying by allies unacceptable Norway rejects U.S. request to destroy Syrian chemical arms US Drones Have Killed Up to 900 Civilians in Pakistan Saudi Arabia's women plan day of action to change driving laws Latin America leading the way on promoting food as a human right Latin America has blazed the way in the adoption of laws that promote and protect the right to food, a UN expert has said. Nearly a third of all Mexicans are obese. Lawmakers proposing a 10% tax on sodas, 5% tax on high calorie snacks. The NSA spied on Spain's leaders too, according to sources in Madrid. With Winter Ahead, Can China's Smog Get Anything But Worse? On Monday and Tuesday, airquality monitoring stations in Harbin reported concentrations of PM 2.5 exceeding 1,000 micrograms per cubic meter  40 times the limit deemed safe by the World Health Organization. Major Pension Funds Ask for Climate Change Study  Some of the largest pension funds in the U.S. and the world are worried that major fossil fuel companies may not be as profitable and want details on how the firms will manage a longterm shift to cleaner energy sources. Greece's Mystery Girl's Mother Found DNA Tests Confirm Bulgarian Roma Woman Is Blond Child's Biological Parent Germany, Brazil Turn to U.N. to Restrain American Spies U.S. warns foreign allies for upcoming Snowden leaks Lightbeam, the free Firefox extension will enable users to see which third party companies are monitoring their online presence, a move that Mozilla states will illuminate the inner workings of the web. Scotland to block fracking on environmental grounds 7.5 Magnitude Earthquake Hits Japan  Tsunami Warning Issued For Fukushima Canadians sue their own government over domestic spying US defends drone strikes as 'necessary and just' in face of UN criticism. Brazil, China and Venezuela sharply critical of 'illegal' program but US says it has taken steps to introduce new guidelines, for example zero congressional oversight. 'It took him a long time to die' drone operator traumatised by killing missions A former US Air Force drone operator has described how he is haunted by his time as a 'remote killer' functioning in 'zombie mode' in missions over Afghanistan and Iraq that claimed more than 1600 lives NSA Brazil and Germany lead calls for UN resolution on internet privacy Diplomats from the two countries are heading efforts by coalition of nations to draft resolution in wake of Edward Snowden leaks Chinese students caught selling human flesh diet It is my belief and my faith that it is my right to drive my own car. Saudi women plan to defy driving ban. Leaked memos reveal GCHQ efforts to keep mass surveillance secret  Edward Snowden papers show UK spy agency fears legal challenge if scale of surveillance is made public Sweden signs up to UN plan to curb US spying Predator Drone Strikes Kill Up to 50 Civilians For Every 1 Terrorist Assassinated Study Saudi Arabia women to defy authorities over female driving ban Saudi activists said more than 60 women claimed to have answered their call on Saturday to get behind the wheel in a rare show of defiance against a ban on female driving in the ultraconservative kingdom. Boy, 16, who threw acid at a woman on her doorstep leaving her with horrific burns is jailed for eight years Iran hands over captured US drone technology to Russia The China blogosphere has been abuzz this week at the rare sight of a Chinese newspaper directly challenging senior law enforcers Man wrongly deported from Canada to torture in Libya told he has to pay $6,800 in costs before returning Press handling with talking heads Snowden files reveal enormous GCHQ efforts to escape legal challenge 7.3 magnitude earthquake near Ishinomaki, Miyagi, Japan and Sendai, Miyagi, Japan  October 25, 2013 1710 A highprofile filesharing site has been revealed to be a yearlong pirate honeypot, collecting data on users, file hosters and websites. Saudi Arabia Warns Online Backers of Women Drivers  5 years in prison for support Bassem Youssef, known as Egypt's Jon Stewart, returns to TV after fourmonth ban, tests the waters on criticism of regime Snowden files || Report suggests Israel behind attempt to hack into French communication network China's NSA Furiously Hacking U.S. Drone Secrets Barack Obama 'approved tapping Angela Merkel's phone 3 years ago' World's first venomous crab found in Australia Why the banker who helped 50 million Bangladeshis out of poverty became his countrys enemy number one NSA New reports in German media deepen USMerkel spy row Angela Merkel demands action from US to rebuild trust Furious Angela Merkel accuses US of betraying trust of German soldiers that fought and died alongside American allies on the battlefields of Afghanistan by bugging her phone NSA surveillance Germany to send intelligence officials to US. Move comes as Der Spiegel reports that Angela Merkel's phone might have been monitored for more than 10 years. Dr. Arjun Srinivasan Weve Reached The End of Antibiotics, Period The United States may have bugged Angela Merkel's phone for more than 10 years, according to a news report on Saturday that also said President Barack Obama told the German leader he would have stopped it happening had he known about it. The U.S. National Security Agency [NSA] sought the Japanese government's cooperation in 2011 over wiretapping fiberoptic cables carrying phone and Internet data across the AsiaPacific region, but the request was rejected, sources said Saturday [26 October 2013]. UK Muslims are speaking out against a call by alShabab for more international do it yourself attacks Australia The day after bushfires tore through the area, the federal government tightened the rules for disaster payments leaving hundreds of residents who were forced to evacuate without any financial help. U.S. Spying Update Europe Fumes And Protesters Rally In D.C. Germany, Brazil enlist 19 more countries for antiNSA UN resolution New media report suggests Obama knew NSA spied on Merkel British Gas rakes in 20m profit from overestimated bills, says whistleblower Syria submitted chemical arms destruction plan on time OPCW Ethiopia opens Africa's largest wind farm to boost power production The IsraelSaudi Alliance Against the USIran Talks  Its an odd partnership, but Israel & Saudi Arabia are happily traveling on same path toward confrontation with Iran. Both are bitterly opposed to the growth of Irans influence in the region & take hawkish positions on Irans nuclear program. Anonymous has been hacking Cambodian government sites in support of popular protests for social justice and an end to corruption in the country. Car bombs kill at least 42 people in Baghdad After troops leave, U.S. to lose access to Afghan reconstruction projects worth billions Bulgaria is going to build a wall to stop refugees Russia reeling from backlash on antigay laws now dealing with charges of racism in football... Mount Etna eruption closes air space Inventor of Doner Kebab dies Reduce working week to 30 hours, say economists 500 year old Da Vinci Mural Discovered Under Layers Of Paint During Castle Restoration In Italy Spain summons US ambassador over claim NSA tracked 60m calls a month Kenya petition over 'grass cutting for gangrape' tops 1m More than a million people have signed an online petition demanding justice after three men accused of brutally gangraping a girl in Kenya were ordered to cut grass as punishment. Innocent man burned to death after vigilantes branded him a paedophile After 15,000 jobs cut and misselling scandlas at bailed out Lloyds Bank, CEO to receive multimillion pound bonus payout next month 13 Year Old Girl Buried Alive After Rape in Pakistan 5 Dead, 38 Injured In Car Explosion At Tiananmen Square Diebold Charged With Bribery, Falsifying Docs, 'Worldwide Pattern of Criminal Conduct' The new Norwegian Prime minister One does not snoope on friends. Worlds anger at Obama policies goes beyond Europe and the NSA BRICS countries are building a new Internet hidden from NSA 21 thousand mile fiberoptic cable from Fortaleza (Brazil) to Vladivostok (Russia) via Cape Town (South Africa), Chennai (India) and Shantou (China) Document Reveals NSA Monitored 125 Billion Phone Calls in One Month Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims Attackers in Mexico blow up nine electrical plants west of the capital, triggering blackouts that gunmen then used as cover to torch gasoline stations. The Indian Prime Minister is NSA spyproof, has no mobile phone or email account to hack Britney Spears music is used by merchant navy ship owners is used to scare off Somali pirates Spain warns US of breakdown in trust after new NSA revelations  White House struggles to contain diplomatic crisis as Madrid warns US ambassador after claim that NSA harvested 60m Spanish calls Spain Summons U.S. Ambassador in Spying Scandal David Cameron newspapers which publish Snowden secrets help terrorists who want to low up' families Austrian invents outsidesound volume knob for your windows. Sono sticks to glass surfaces and allows you to dial down unwanted noise. After it receives a sounds vibrations, it reprocesses them much like the active noise cancellation technology used in certain headphones. Can Germany call on Snowden as a witness? Syrian troops retake Christian town from jihadis U.S. NSA spied on 60 million Spanish phone calls in a month Israel denies EU committee access to Gaza Strip Man buys $27 of bitcoin, forgets about them, finds they're now worth $886k. Bought in 2009, currency's rise in value saw small investment turn into enough to buy an apartment in a wealthy area of Oslo. Zombie CISPA bill pushes forward with NSA support Cannabis Plants Pop up All Over Germany as Form of Protest. As Europe Erupts Over US Spying, NSA Chief Says Government Must Stop Media With General Alexander calling for NSA reporting to be halted, US and UK credibility as guardians of press freedom is crushed If All These Countries Are So Outraged By Revelations Of US Spying On Them, Why Aren't They Offering Snowden Asylum? Cameron openly threatens the Guardian Europe considers sanctions against U.S. over spying Why Did America Kill My Mother? Pakistani Drone Victim Comes To Congress For Answer Tiny Caribbean nation of Antigua will launch new website that will offer the world America's copyrighted content for free. 9/11 Suspects Cant Mention being Tortured during Trial Testimony because Their Torture is Classified China flexes muscle and unveils mystery nuclear sub fleet This goes to the heart of science reporting  you wouldn't have a homeopath speaking alongside a brain surgeon for balance, as that would be absurd. It's just as absurd to have a climate sceptic for balance against the work of the overwhelming majority of climate scientists. NSA oversight dismissed as 'illusory' as anger intensifies in Europe and beyond. Condemnation by Latin American panel comes as US fields worsening outrage from Spain and Germany over surveillance BERLIN U.S. spying on Europeans a symptom of a paranoid government, Germans say David Cameron makes veiled threat to media over NSA and GCHQ leaks U.K. may punish publication of NSA leaks Obama sidesteps questions on NSA spying and what he knew Dianne Feinstein 'I am totally opposed' to NSA surveillance of US allies Cameron threatens to act against newspapers publishing security leaks WikiLeaks launches site for Edward Snowden's legal defense NSA affair could block EUUS free trade talks Google, Microsoft Threaten End to Cookie Tracking Parents of Down's syndrome boy who was bullied by his teachers are charged with neglect for taking him out of school. 33yearold woman has admitted in court in Memmingen, Germany to have wrongly accused her father of rape. The man had been sitting for seven years in prison because of the allegations. NSA oversight dismissed as 'illusory' as anger intensifies in Europe and beyond London's cheapest suburb is Barcelona. City worker causes a stir by proving it's cheaper to live in Spain and fly in to work in London every morning. 'Prison clearly does not work' Fresh from jail, the economist and author of Prisonomics explains why the system costs too much, locks up the wrong people and does not prevent reoffending REPORT NSA May Have Spied On The Vatican During The Papal Conclave Canadians Seek Dick Cheney's Arrest For War Crimes During Upcoming Visit A recordequalling 188 countries on Tuesday condemned the fivedecadeold US embargo against communist Cuba in an annual UN General Assembly Embattled NSA chief Keith Alexander rejects calls to limit agency's power | World news Even with Europe in an uproar over intrusive United States surveillance, its leaders are looking for ways to slow down legislation aimed at preventing violations of privacy at home. Spain colluded in NSA spying on its citizens, Spanish newspaper reports A second solar system has been detected that's very similar to our own. 7 planets with similar orbits and day/night cycles similar to Earth, Venus and Mercury. Israel 'destroying peace process' with new housing What did my grandmother do wrong?Nabila Rehman was picking vegetables from her family garden last year when missiles from a US drone rained down from the sky, killing her grandmother and injuring her and seven other children. Adobe says data for 38 million customers compromised U.S. officials French and Spanish newspapers suggesting that the NSA had vacuumed up French and Spanish telephone records incorrect. NSA didnt collect the data  the intelligence services of those countries did. A Japanese rulingparty panel will recommend the breakup of Tokyo Electric Power Co. (Tepco) after shortcomings in the firm's handling of cleanup operations at its crippled Fukushima nuclear plant. Roman eagle found by archaeologists in City of London the 1,800yearold sculpture of the imperial symbol is regarded as one of the best pieces of RomanoBritish art ever found Egyptian police arrested a 20yearold student following a report submitted by the university's administration saying he had formed a group for atheists on Facebook. Egypt's penal code says anyone convicted of offending religion in any form can face up to 6 years in prison. A town in Norway on Wednesday began beaming light down from giant mirrors installed on the surrounding hills, bringing it winter sunlight for the first time in its history US food aid programme criticised as 'corporate welfare' for grain giants U.N. Confirms an Outbreak of Polio in Syria Egyptian Arrested for the Crime of Forming a Facebook Group for Atheists Bitcoin cashes in as its first ATM opens in Vancouver | Technology Polio ReEmerges in Syria and Israel, Threatening Europe Second Solar System detected. The most extensive planetary system to date arranged similar to the eight planets in the Solar System Franois Hollande becomes most unpopular French president ever Edward Snowden A 'Hero' In UK, But Americans Are More Divided (POLL) NSA infiltrates links to Yahoo, Google data centers worldwide, Snowden documents say The NSA has secretly broken into the main communications links that connect Yahoo and Google data centers around the world, according to documents obtained from former NSA contractor Snowden.. Yahoo & Google outraged at new reports of NSA hacking their data centers. Google We are outraged at the lengths to which the government seems to have gone to intercept data from our private fiber networks, and it underscores the need for urgent reform. Catalonia to become first Spanish region to ban circus acts with live animals We are not scared of the cartels. They have guns but we have guns, too. And we are many, says Ramon Diaz. Mexican vigilante groups are not taking the cartel violence lying down Most Canadians See Edward Snowden As A Hero, Poll Suggests Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair Confirms That They Have the Alleged Mayor Rob Ford Crack Video Revealed NSA pushed 9/11 as key 'sound bite' to justify surveillance Google chief legal officer, David Drummond, responds to reports of NSA tapping into Google data centers abroad We are outraged at the lengths to which the government seems to have gone to intercept data from our private fiber networks, and it underscores the need for urgent reform. National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden will begin working Friday for one of the largest Russian websites Outrage Over NSA Spying Spreads to Asia Murdochs News of the World Editors Admit to PhoneHacking  3 sr editors of Murdochs defunct 'News of the World' plead guilty to hacking into phone messages of politicians, royals, crime victims & movie stars. Admissions prove for 1st time that hacking was at the heart of media empire. Former Brazilian footballer's head left on doorstep Ahead of the Sochi Olympics in February, Russia is taking saliva samples from religiously conservative Muslim women, gathering DNA so authorities can identify the body parts if any become suicide bombers. Queen of England enacts state oversight of media Mayor of London defends Guardian over NSA revelations. Lavabit And Silent Circle Join Forces To Make All Email SurveillanceProof Woman dodges rocks & Molotov cocktails to protect Peru's ancient sites  Its real estate market is exploding to the point fake titles are being sold to protected sites, leading people to build homes & entire neighborhoods atop ancient ruins. Getting behind the wheel is something so mundane, but take that away and, especially for someone that has driven their whole life, like me, you feel like youve lost your independence. More and more women are fighting for the right to drive in Saudi Arabia. Reports huge blast 'destroys Syrian air defence base' at Latakia Taking Stock Why Bankers Still Aren't Chastened Bankers have gone from being global elites to universally despised villains. Recent headlines suggest authorities are finally cracking down on illicit practices  but the truth is very different. Panorama said the recorded Vatican phone calls were catalogued by the NSA in four categories  leadership intentions, threats to the financial system, foreign policy objectives and human rights. Switzerland is the worst place in the world for expats to make friends, according to a comprehensive survey. Report says U.S. tapped cardinals phones ahead of conclave Japan's Coastal Hunts not Sustainable  Pursuit of whales, dolphins & porpoises (over a million killed in Japanese waters in past 70 yrs) should be phased out, says new report. It's the biggest coastal hunt of its kind in the world. 2013 catch limits allowed slaughter of 16,655 small cetaceans. China Blames Terror Attack in Tiananmen Square on People From Muslim Region Edward Snowden's letter to Germany revealed.He is ready to go to Germany and testify over the US wiretapping of Angela Merkels phone on condition of granting him political asylum A new law requiring Muslim women to remove a burqa or niqab to prove their identity to West Australian police has been passed by the state's parliament. Japan Likely To Pass New Secrecy Law That Would Put Whistleblowers And Journalists In Jail Report Japan is hunting its whales and dolphins to extinction These Drones Attack Us and the Whole World is Silent New Film Exposes Secret U.S. War Israeli warplanes strike military base in Syria Germany may ask Edward Snowden to be witness in NSA inquiry Ireland to consider marijuana legalization bill Tunnel linking US and Mexico found. It's complete with ventilation, electricity and a railway. Meanwhile in Russia Man, 80, fights bear, falls off cliff  and survives U.S. Congress committee endorses $488 million aid to Israel Saudi sheikh Ali al Hemki declares fatwa against manned missions to Mars Russia's PM says U.S. hurt by evidence of cynical spying 'Can the situation be calmed? I think it's possible. But to be honest, no assurances will help here,' he said. What can you say in this situation? Sorry, we won't do it anymore or We will not try to listen in on you? Nobody will believe it Highprofile stories of children expose Europes antiRoma prejudice Within days... a kind of witch hunt was underway in many countries, with officials and ordinary people scouring Roma enclaves for white children on the presumption that any fairskinned child must have been snatched German MP meets Snowden, says he is willing to come to Germany for inquiry Male prisoners in UK to wear uniforms and be banned from watching television  A new regime instigated by Chris Grayling aims to promote incentives and earned privileges Mass grave in Bosnia could be biggest of 199295 war, authorities say China is spying on you through your KETTLE Bugs that scan wifi devices found in imported kitchen gadgets Pacific Ocean 'Warming 15 Times Faster than Ever Before'  Study adds weight to the theory that recent global warming 'pause' is down to heat absorbed by ocean depths Senate committee backs bill that would allow NSA data collection to continue; bill a direct challenge to Leahy Bill that would end domestic phonerecords collection. Today the Singaporean government newspaper was attacked by Anonymous. This was what they did. CONFIRMED Israel Launched Strikes On Syrian Missile Sites, Damascus Russia & China Block Bid to Create 2 Massive Antarctic Ocean Sanctuaries According to a German lawmaker, Snowden is ready to testify in Merkel tapping case A video that appears to show a Saudi man beating a migrant worker is causing growing outrage in Saudi Arabia A man believed to be an Asian migrant worker cowers as his tormentor beats him with a belt. The shocking images spark outrage and a police hunt for the culprit Jose Mujica 'I earn more than I need' The man described as the world's 'poorest president' discusses Uruguay's move to legalise marijuana. Israel 'furious' with White House for leak on Syria strike Bill Gates says putting worldwide Internet access before malaria is 'a joke' No fewer that 25 students at a Lagos school yesterday went into a coma after inhaling fumes from chemical waste allegedly discharged by Bizcircuit Photo Laboratory, located a few meters from the school premises. When attackers threw acid in Shamsia Husseini's face outside her school in Afghanistan, she defied them by returning to class  and now she has struck another blow for female education by becoming a teacher herself Snowden seeks world's help against US charges Spy agencies across Western Europe are working together on mass surveillance of Internet and phone traffic comparable to programs run by their U.S. counterpart denounced by European governments, Britain's Guardian newspaper reported on Saturday. New Snowden revelations show European governments tap private communications, despite criticizing US for doing same. Jailed Pussy Riot member still disappeared Stop exporting your abortion problem, Britain tells Ireland Pussy Riot Member Nadezhda Tolokonnikova 'Goes Missing' During Prison Colony Transfer Pussy Riot Tolonnikova 'out of sight. One of the jailed members of the Pussy Riot protest band has vanished from sight since she was moved to a new prison 10 days ago. Mexico to tackle obesity with taxes on junk food and sugary drinks. President calls for hour of exercise per day and a 'change of culture' as Mexico has higher rates of adult obesity than the US. Europe spies too Leaked documents point to cooperative surveillance program NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden says US 'treats dissent as defection' GCHQ and European spy agencies worked together on mass surveillance. Edward Snowden papers unmask close technical cooperation and loose alliance between British, German, French, Spanish and Swedish spy agencies. Israel plans to Demolish Homes of 15,000 Palestinians in East Jerusalem Venezuela has quietly seized control of two oil rigs owned by a unit of Houstonbased Superior Energy Services after the company shut them down because the state oil monopoly was months behind on payments Japan, Russia agree to cooperate on security as China rises Australia's Murdoch Newspapers Lying to Public About Climate Change, Says Study Author Snowden leak reveals Europe's role in mass surveillance programs. UK Snowden reporter's partner involved in 'espionage' and 'terrorism' European Intelligence Agencies were Cooperating in Mass Surveillance NSA spying Germany and Brazil produce draft UN resolution | Document does not name US but calls for end to mass surveillance and gross invasions of privacy 6,000 NATO troops hold one of largest postCold War drills near Russia's borders