 The FBI can remotely activate the microphones for phones running Google's Android software to record conversations (worldwide) An Absolutely Ridiculous Idea Wikipedia cofounder Jimmy Wales rejects David Cameron's online porn filter plan  We should be devoting that... dealing with real criminal issues online, stealing credit card numbers, hacking into sites. He's been a highprofile celebrity adviser to the PM. US Diplomat Kills Man in Car Crash, Leaves Kenya  Embassy officials in Nairobi rushed the American and his family out of Kenya the next day, leaving the crash victims with no financial assistance to pay for a funeral and for hospital bills for the eight or so others who were seriously injured 'I want to dig a deep hole and bury myself again' Chilean miners stunned by decision not to prosecute over accident. The decision that no one will face charges over the mining accident in Chile that left 33 men underground for 69 days has left many speechless A boy was forcefully held down on a desk and circumcised because there was a rumor he was masturbating ... this happened in Montreal White House Closes Inquiry Into Afghan Massacre and Will Release No Details  in November 2001, Taliban prisoners surrendered to the Northern Alliance. They were transported in shipping containers without food or water...hundreds of men died of suffocation while others were shot Facebook Is Riddled With Click Farms Where Workers Sit In Dingy Rooms in Bangladesh, Bars On The Windows, Generating 1,000 Likes For $1 The decision by Uruguay lawmakers to legalize the possession and sale of marijuana could signal the beginning of the end for the increasingly unpopular U.S.led war on drugs, experts say. XKeyscore a 'Godterminal' into Internet Norwegian Green Party is calling for statecontrolled production and sale of cannabis, as well as the decriminalization of possession for all drugs A 10yearold German boy has found what appears to be a mummy hidden in a corner of his grandmother's attic. The mummy was inside a sarcophagus complete with hieroglyphic adornments, packed in a wooden crate Russian SOPA AntiPiracy Body Under Investigation For Software Piracy  Pirated software from Adobe, Microsoft, Corel and Autodesk was found on their machines Uruguay's pot legalization could be 'tipping point' in war on drugs In an abrupt about face, Russia said today that athletes and guests attending next years Winter Olympics will not be subject to the countrys stringent new antigay law Pope Francis sends message for end of Ramadan. Calls for respect between Christians and Muslims Verizon, BT, Vodafone Cable, Global Crossing, Level 3, Viatel and Interoute, give GCHQ unlimited access to their undersea cables. Mesopotamian Marshlands Declared Iraqs 1st National Park  Drained by development & nearly destroyed, it was once 3rd largest wetlands in the world. Saddam in the 1990s drained 93% of it, resulting in the UN calling it the worst environmental disaster of the last century. Chinese Hacking Team Caught Taking Over Decoy Water Plant Riot police broke up a protest by hundreds of Moroccans late on Friday against a royal pardon for a Spanish pedophile serving a 30year sentence for raping and filming children as young as four Bangladesh's security forces fired into a crowd of unarmed protesters, killing 6 people. The next day they charged family members of the victims with their murders. Dutch zoo baffled by spooked baboons that are sitting still, hardly eating A zoo in the Netherlands is trying to understand what has spooked a group of baboons, with the monkeys huddled together and hardly eating. Jimmy Wales on UK porn ban It's ridiculous 100,000 protests in front of the Taiwan's presidential headquarter demanding justice for a kid that died under corporial punishment during mandatory military service Mass Graves Found at Irish Prison Now Begs Bigger Question  Where are the Other Bodies? Notorious for overcrowding, disease, malnutrition, it was opened during the Great Famine of the 19th century, giving insight into prison's role as a mechanism by which the empire was established & maintained. US Senate edited Snowden's Wikipedia page and labeled him as Traitor. US regulators 'find evidence' of banks fixing derivative rates Uruguay to Become First Nation to Fully Legalize Marijuana Blow to Ruinous US War on Drugs West Acts Like 'Bull in China Shop' in Middle East  Russian PM Our Western partners sometimes behave like a bull in a china shop  they squeeze in, crush everything and then don't know what to do next. I often find myself astonished at their analysts and how inconsistent their projects are... Swedish sociology professor Steven Svallfors has nominated Snowden for the Nobel Peace Prize. Germany Promises Day Care for All Parents  A new law went into effect in Germany on guaranteeing every child over 12 months of age a slot at a daycare facility As Cost of Importing Food Soars, Jamaica Turns to the Earth Jamaica has taken on a bold new strategy make farming patriotic and ubiquitous, behind homes, hospitals, schools, even prisons Algerians protest against mandatory fasting during Ramadan Germany has been under surveillance by the United States for decades, and German leaders have been fully aware of it, says historian Josef Foschepoth. The reason? Secret postwar accords. FBI bids to extradite 'largest childporn dealer on planet' A chilling photo and a scary story. Life in China's toxic haze Where safe milk powder and air filters are sought after items in Beijing, and 60 percent of the days so far in 2013 have been deemed unsafe to go outside. In South Korea, private tutors earn the kind of money that professional athletes make in the U.S. UK Councils told to ignore alternative methods of energy generation in favour of fracking Time to legalize marijuana in Mexico City Politicians in Mexico are considering following Colorado and Washington states lead in legalizing marijuana, according to Fernando Gomez Mont and Jorge G. Castaeda. Arab atheists, though few, inch out of the shadows Russian meteor may have gangmates in tow Orbital estimates pinpoint 20 asteroids on similar paths to rock that exploded near Chelyabinsk. Saudi activist receives 7year sentence, 600 lashes for insulting Islam Excitement, but anxiety too, as Uruguay sets liberal path with new cannabis law In the first country set to legalise the sale and production of marijuana, opinion is divided on the merits of the experiment Saudi Arabia denied permission for plane carrying Sudanese President Omar alBashir to travel through its airspace on Sunday for the swearingin of the new Iranian president Irans new president takes oath of office, asks West to abandon language of sanctions Egypt's top general to white house You left the Egyptians. You turned your back on the Egyptians and they won't forget that. Japan has launched the world's first talking robot into space to serve as companion to astronaut Kochi Wakata who will begin his mission in November Montreal woman fined $219 for not paying bus fare with exact change. Chinas Collapse Will Be Worse Than Soviet Union, Xinhua Says Suicides rise as Italy's economy slumps Leave Yemen now, Britons warned amid fears of growing violence Feds are Suspects in New Malware That Attacks Tor Anonymity Costa Rica announced Monday that it will transform its two zoos into botanical gardens or urban parks in order to eliminate the practice of displaying caged animals Two scientists think we can safeguard the world's knowledge against an apocalypse if we store it in DNA Pakistan, one of the most waterstressed countries in the world, is on the brink of crisis. A recent report from the Asian Development Bank states that the countrys emergency water reserve only has enough supply for 30 days. Accused by plotting a coup, ProGovernment Turkey court sentences 254 with prison, including journalists, professors, politicians and significant figures in the army with secular views. Foreigners buy nearly 75% of new homes in inner London Saving The Earth Is A Very Dangerous Job Two environmentalists are killed on average every week as land struggles intensify violence against green activists worldwide. Chinese tourists appall North Koreans by throwing candy at their kids US threatens sanctions if energystarved Pakistan pursues a gas pipeline deal with Iran Japan nuclear body says radioactive water at Fukushima an 'emergency' Julian Assange announces WikiLeaks Party's federal election candidates South Korea says concerned about U.S. decision on some Apple models. The move was vehemently criticized by the South Korean media as protectionism. Spain will have an unemployment rate above 25% until at least 2018, according to IMF Spain accused of acting like North Korea as tensions escalation over Gibraltar  Spain has threatened to close its airspace to flights heading to the British territory Pakistan on red alert for possible attack. India considers world's largest welfare program through a subsidized food program that would provide 5kg of cheap grain every month to nearly 800 million poor US band Bloodhound Gang ejected from Russia after flag stunt Bahrain using IP tracking to harass democracy advocates Fukushima radioactive water leak an 'emergency'. Japan's nuclear watchdog has said the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant is facing a new emergency caused by a buildup of radioactive groundwater. Latvia blocking extradition of Gozi writer due to disproportionate US sentencing Turkey court clears 21 over Ergenekon 'coup plot' Murdoch sends trusted general 'Col Pot' to bring down Australian government over their National Broadband Network. More than two years into Syria's civil war, the once highlycentralized authoritarian state has effectively split into three distinct parts, each boasting its own flags, security agencies and judicial system. Fleeing Syria, Palestinians find little support from their brethren in Lebanon In Germany, Union Culture Clashes With Amazons Labor Practices German minister proposes banning US companies that participate in US spying activities from doing business in the EU They won't be lovin' it McDonald's admits 90% of employees are on zerohours contracts without guaranteed work or a stable income  Fastfood chain is potentially the largest zerohours employer in the UKs private sector US tourist accidentally snaps finger off 600yearold statue in Italy's Florence Drone strikes kill militants in Yemen, Americans urged to leave gustl mollath, the man who has been locked up in a psychatric ward for 7 years because he tried to whizzleblow illegal banking activities is about to get free, a german court ruled. Muslim veil ban urged in French universities France prohibits all children from wearing religious symbols such as Muslim headscarves in schools. A government agency has recommended extending the ban to universities, citing 'growing tensions' US criticises Vietnam internet control law  Fundamental freedoms apply online just as they do offline, it said. Amazon brings Americanstyle unionbusting to Germany In Germany, the idea that warehouse workers are going to be getting opposition from an employer when it comes to the right to organize, thats virtually unheardof Uganda passes law that criminalizes a meeting of more than 3 people without police authorization. Global Scientists Shocked by True Scale of Ocean Warming, Warning that Such Big Shifts Can Affect All Sea Life, as Well as Humans Who Depend on the Sea for Food  When you see changes as large as these, life generally has 3 options  migration, adaptation or extinction. The Ghost Rapes of Bolivia  F or a while, the residents of Manitoba Colony thought demons were raping the towns women. There was no other explanation. No way of explaining how a woman could wake up with blood and semen stains smeared across her sheets and no memory of the previous night. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange speaks about what impact jailing Bradley Manning will have on future whistleblowers around the world. Across forbidden border, doctors in Israel quietly tend to Syrias wounded. 'The doctors say all they know is that Syrian patients arrive by military ambulance and that the hospital calls the army to come pick them up when they are ready to go back to Syria' A Wisconsin IT professional has filed a lawsuit against Indian outsourcing firm Infosys alleging that the company discriminates against U.S. job applicants in favor of South Asians for jobs in the U.S. Sun's magnetic field poised to flip Bangladesh garment factory collapse determined to be an act of God by owners' association; victims only get one months' salary as compensation. This map of the ongoing U.S. embassy closures raises more questions than it answers 7 years innocent in German forensic psychiatry Key in witness money laundering scandal of 6th largest German Bank Hypovereinsbank Mr. Gustl Mollath finally free [German link, Story in comments] Python escapes Canadian pet store, strangles two children Indian IT Firm Accused of Discrimination Against Stupid Americans  Infosys favored Asians in hiring, alleges suit seeking class action status. Infosys has about 15,000 employees in the US & some 90% are of South Asian descent, says the lawsuit. Costa Rica Will Do Away With Caged Animals At Its Zoos NPR AlQaeda might attack Guantanamo, claims US Japan Marks 68th Anniversary of Hiroshima Nuclear Bombing Video Russian paratroopers violently attack lone gay rights activist in St Petersburg IOC silence on Russian gay laws speaks volumes Stephen Fry writes an open letter to Cameron about the Olympics and the treatment of the LGBT community in Russia Some girls have been married 60 times by the time they turn 18 Thousands of girls in Egypt sold into shariacompliant temporary marriages with rich Saudi tourists 41yo man walks free after admitting having sex with a 13yo girl. Judge calls her a sexual predator Wikipedia Boosts Security after XKeyscore Revelations. Cofounder says I challenge the rest of the industry to join us. Encryption is a human rights issue. McDonald's burgers unfit for human consumption The Taliban ambushed a convoy of a female Afghan senator seriously wounding her in the attack and killing her 8yearold daughter and a bodyguard The Magical World Where McDonald's Pays $15 an Hour? It's Australia  Even in countries with a high minimum wage, the golden arches manage to turn a profit Python That Killed Boys Was House Pet The python that strangled two young brothers in Canada had been kept in the pet store owner's apartment where the boys were sleeping and not with the other animals in the shop below, authorities have revealed. French mayor threatens to kill himself if 'Gypsies' return to his town Others have made sacrifices to advance our country, I am prepared to do the same Obama administration authorized recent drone strikes in Yemen Court Releases Whistleblower from Psychiatric Ward Ukraine has banned the bass guitarist of the US rock group Bloodhound Gang from entering the country for five years after he appeared to urinate on the Ukrainian flag. HSBC announced it would close accounts with 40 Embassies, days before Terror threat Syria fired ballistic missiles on its largest city in February. This is what it looks like now As the battle for the Syrian city of Aleppo rages on, the escalating violence is ravaging a once prosperous city. Japan's government believes radiationcontaminated water has been leaking into the Pacific Ocean from the wrecked Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant for the past two years Tens of thousands of protesters have marched in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, to demand the resignation of the Islamistled government. Researchers have reported the first case of humantohuman transmission of the new bird flu that has emerged in China. Argentine president Cristina Kirchner says to UN We will discuss what several countries have already addressed, the issue of spying, the need for global regulation in this area, not only due to the question of peace and national security, but also the security and privacy of individuals Indian youth killed after stopping attempted rape of sisters Huge fire forces Nairobi airport shutdown  'Massive' fire has gutted parts of airport in the Kenyan capital, forcing all flights to be suspended, officials say. Internet access becomes a reality for some Cubans Moscow disappointed by Obama meeting cancelation Japans Unveils Aircraft Carrier in Disguise Thousands Demonstrate In Tunisia, Calling On Islamic Government To Resign Hungary is on the brink of becoming a fascist regime Russia says Obama hurting himself by canceling summit over Snowden Snowden's Asylum 'It's the law, stupid'  It should be made clear that Russia has no legal, political or moral duty to turn Snowden over to American authorities. Unhappy With U.S. Foreign Policy? Pentagon Says You Might Be A 'High Threat' 47,000 people, George Takei sign petition to move Sochi Olympics to Vancouver Swedish Pirate Party reports IT minister to the police, after she was spotted infringing copyright online on a number of occasions. Gay Olympians could be kicked out of games by the IOC instead of Russia for speaking out against antigay laws The Pentagon wants to sell 2.7 billion dollars worth of weapons to Iraq, including 681 Stinger antiaircraft missiles N.S.A. Sifting Broader Set of Data systematically searching  without warrants  through the contents of Americans communications that cross the border A Montreal man has been ordered to pay $8,000 to a panhandler after an email he wrote complaining about her presence outside a liquor store was deemed discriminatory by the province's human rights commission. Meet Australia's Sarah Palin  she doesn't oppose Islam as a country Glenn Greenwald Snowden Gave Me 1520,000 Classified Documents Russia is Silencing Activists, Journalists ahead of Sochi Games  HRC has documented government efforts to intimidate those who have investigated abuse of migrant workers, environmental impact of Olympic venus construction, and unfair compensation for people forcibly evicted from their homes Neonicotinoids are the new DDT killing the natural world Russia is silencing journalists and human rights groups over human rights abuses on Olympic construction sites... American Police Want Legal Exemptions From Canadian Law When Inside Canada If Scotland was independent today, only 18% of Scots would vote to join the UK. Tesla has delivered the first Model S cars to the first few customers in Europe, in Norway, Switzerland and the Netherlands. Norway could see 800 Model S cars on its roads by the end of 2013. US involvement in Egypt criticised Both supporters and opponents of the military see the US as selfinterested and hypocritical. Stunning Maya Sculpture, its Colors Intact, Found in Buried Pyramid  30 ft long & 6 ft tall, It's one of the most fabulous things I've ever seen, says archaeologist. It was on a staircase tomb inside a pyramid. Painted red, blue, yellow & green, it depicts 3 men over a mountain spirit. AlQaida currently consists of fewer than 100 leaders, fighters and trainers and few experienced operators Iranian Plane full of Arms and Ammo Shot Down over Damascus Germany boosts arms exports to Qatar German arms exports to the Gulf region are on the rise. Critics say Germany should not be supplying countries with such questionable human rights records. Furious French farmers are smashing 100,000 eggs each night on roads in a bid to raise the price of an eggs Suicide bomber kills 29 at policeman's funeral in Pakistan Does Rupert Murdoch own 70% of newspapers in Australia? Man who created own credit card sues bank for not sticking to terms India Banning Animals in Circuses  Animals used in circus are treated brutally. They are kept hungry & cruel treatment is meted out to them. Says a circus spokesman Given this ban, we will have to concentrate more on acrobatic performances. Two encrypted email services have closed down for reasons linked to US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden. Major breakthrough in malaria vaccine reported. A recent test proved 100% effective against the disease that kills over 600,000 per year. Snowden Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Yahoo, Apple, and the rest of our internet titans must ask themselves why they aren't fighting for our interests the same way The British Police getting away with murder since 1969 827 people have died in police custody since 2004. Not a single police officer has been convicted. Why is police accountability failing in this most serious of issues? Fukushima in worse state than previously revealed; 300 tons of highly radioactive water is spilling into the Pacific daily Chief physician from Bors has filed a police report for the arrest of Barack Obama for crimes against humanity when he is visiting Sweden in September. Cop shoots cat, faces five years in prison The curious case of Mahdi Hashi. Britain quietly stripped 16 people of their citizenship. Bashi, a social worker in London, vanished and resurfaced months later in US custody. Danish Muslim leader regrets role in cartoon rage I want to be clear today about the trip It was totally wrong...At that time, I was so fascinated with this logical force in the Islamic mindset that I could not see the greater picture. I was convinced it was a fight for my faith, Islam. 2 Mexican teens in jail claim van bought at US government auction came with cocaine On the selfshutdown of email service Lavabit to avoid US surveillance  with reaction from Edward Snowden WhistleBlower Who Can Name Names Herv Falciani professed whistleblower hunted by Swiss investigators, jailed by Spaniards and claims he was kidnapped by Israeli Mossad agents eager for a glimpse of client data he stole while working for a major financial institution in Geneva India Considering Shark Finning Ban  Big trawlers are only hunting sharks to cut off their fins & toss the sharks back into sea to meet an agonizing death. Animal Welfare Board issues advisory to coastal state fisheries to end finning. Japan debt tops 1 quadrillion yen In an attempt to smear the U.S. by publishing pictures it claimed were of a real execution in America, China's leading staterun news agency Xinhua accidentally posted screen grabs from a fetish film. The construction of a new train route through London's center is proving to be one of the U.K.'s largest archaeological digs, revealing everything from medieval burial sites to Roman remains Hundreds rally in Brazil to impeach Rio de Janeiro governor for corruption Russias UN ambassador We dont have antigay laws Hafiz Saeed, who is the prime accused in the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, and is on America's most wanted terrorists list, led Eid prayers in a stadium in Lahore, Pakistan. Minister Stops the Clock on Proposal to Dredge Great Barrier Reef  Mark Butler says he needs more time to consider new scientific reports on impact of Queensland coalport expansion Email service Lavabit abruptly shut down citing government interference As Foreign Fighters Flood Syria, Fears of a New Extremist Haven Malaria vaccine achieves 100% protection using parasites from irradiated mosquitoes  It far surpasses any other experimental malaria vaccine tested. It will now be tested further in clinical trials in Africa. Study In Switzerland, Marijuana Use Helps Keep Prisons Calm and Safe  The Swiss prison guards agree that marijuana use among inmates is a good thing, and cracking down on consumption would have more negative effects than positive ones New evidence was unveiled Thursday that Japans imperialist army directly managed Asian women for sexual slavery, dealing a fresh blow to Tokyos denials of responsibility. A volcano has erupted in central Indonesia, spewing ash and rocks, killing five people Pakistani troops violate ceasefire with India again, fire over 7,000 rounds of ammunition in 7 hours 'Swedish men told to beware testiclemunching fish.' Experts have warned Swedish men to keep their swimming trunks on if taking a dip in a sound off the country's southern coast, after a South American fish known for attacking testicles was discovered in the area Radioactive water overruns Fukushima barrier Vietnamese Men Emerge From Jungle 40 Years After War, Have Had No Contact With Outside World  In the midst of the Vietnam War, after a bomb destroyed his family home and killed his wife and two of his sons, a desperate father grabbed his infant boy and fled into the forest 2 face charges in case of Canadian girl who hanged self after alleged rape Indian villagers defeat British billionaire over plans to mine sacred mountain Syria Assyrian Christians told 'If you want to come back, convert to Islam, or you will be killed' Israels ultraOrthodox headed to the army German companies to automatically encrypt emails Reactor of India's first indigenous nuclear submarine INS Arihant goes 'critical' (xpost /r/india) US Palm Oil Plantation Endangering Chimps, Other Primates in Cameroon  Forest elephants & endangered chimpanzees will lose stretches of forest habitat if companys plan goes ahead. Based in NYC, Herakles Farms, says its project involves land of little conservation value. Skys Court Ordered Piracy Filter Blocks TorrentFreak Crypto experts blast German email providers secure data storage claim Frances $16M AntiPiracy Agency Has Sent Two Million Warnings, But Only Fined Two People Israeli Drone Strike Kills 5 in Egypt Two cases bolster suspicion of Mexico's justice system The collapse of highprofile cases against two wellconnected men leaves many dismayed by what they see as enduring dysfunction. Zimbabwe agrees to sell uranium to Iran Israel, Greece, Cyprus sign energy and water deal IOC calls on Russia to explain its antigay law Punks break Myanmar's silence on religious attacks ALQAIDA PAPERS The following pages are part of a cache of documents that the Associated Press found on the floor in a building occupied by alQaida fighters for almost a year in Timbuktu, Mali. The AP has pieced together the order of the pages as far as possible. [PDF] 'Golden rice' GM trial vandalised in the Philippines Wikipedia CoFounder Refuses to Comply With Chinas Censorship Wales said he would rather have no Wikipedia in China than comply with any form of censorship. Wikipedia will always refuse to comply with Gov't requests to restrict information, calling access to knowledge and education a human right. Russia Invites U.S. To A Tank Biathlon Astronomers Find Ancient Star 'Methuselah' Which Appears To Be Older Than The Universe Rail companies in Britain have banned ecigarettes from trains and stations, claiming that the nicotine devices make other passengers feel 'uncomfortable' Julian Assange is confident about being elected to the Australian senate next month Construction firm builds 47story skyscraper in Spain, but forget to include elevators after the 20th floor. Architects have resigned. Norway PM works as secret cab driver Israel approves nearly 1,200 new settlement homes More than 100,000 want to go to Mars and not return, project says Transgender teen killed by mob in Jamaica as country addresses longstanding discrimination. 'For years, Jamaicas gay community has lived so far underground that their parties and church services were held in secret locations' New Zealand court rules that employee must allow her bosses to examine her Facebook pages and bank accounts over what she was up to on sick leave Gay skater Johnny Weir Im prepared to be arrested at Winter Olympics Yemenis call U.S. drone strikes an overreaction to al Qaida threat Is China Doomed?  the increase in capital flight from China and soaring applications for American and European residential visas by wellheeled Chinese suggest that the elite is hedging its bets. Britain's foreign aid has fallen into hands of alQaeda, DfiD admits Almost half a million pounds of British taxpayerfunded aid and equipment has fallen into the hands of alQaeda, the Department for International Development has admitted. The Pirate Bay celebrates 10th anniversary with new Web browser Japans soaring national debt, already more than twice the size of its economy, has reached a new milestone, surpassing one quadrillion yen (1,000,000,000,000,000 Yen) Series of car bombs ripple across Baghdad, killing 57 and injuring 150 New Zealands plan to regulate designer drugs Obama opposes boycott of Olympics over antigay laws in Russia Britain's foreign aid has fallen into hands of AlQaeda, British government admits Gay Peoples Hearts Unsuitable For Life Says Head Of Russias StateControlled TV News India held 3,000 ethnic Chinese in internment camps. A halfcentury later, survivors are still seeking justice. Israel Approves Nearly 1,200 New Settlement Homes on lands the Palestinians want for their state, just three days before U.S.sponsored talks on the borders of such a state are to begin in Jerusalem. A Fukushima Fishermans Tale Yoshio Ichida still rises for work every day at 3am & checks the engine of his 5ton boat, switches it off & gazes out at a sea too poisoned to fish. Upstream, Fukushima leaks into the ocean & sardines, mackerel & squid 3 generations of his family once caught. Greek youth unemployment hits record 65% A French athlete, who became the first quadruple amputee to swim across the English Channel, has made a public appeal after thieves stole his custommade wheelchair Police In Zanzibar Shoot Radical Imam Wanted In Acid Attack On Two British Women The High Court of Bangladesh ruled that the countrys biggest religious party, the JamaateIslami, is unfit to contest national polls because its charter puts God above democratic process. Saudi prince defects 'Brutality, oppression as govt scared of Arab revolts' He accuses the monarchy of corruption and silencing all voices of dissent and explains how the Saudi mechanism for suppression functions. Evidence of Viking Outpost found in Canada. Norwegian Prime Minister spent an afternoon working incognito as a taxi driver in Oslo. He wanted to hear from real Norwegian voters and stated that taxis were one of the few places where people shared their true views XKeyscore Russia server located at US embassy Prince Friso of The Netherlands has passed away after a nearly one and a half year long coma following his ski accident 2012 In conflict with former statements, Monsanto will be able to ship gene manipulated food to Europe through a backdoor in the new free trade agreement The abuse of China's 'leftbehind' children A series of disturbing revelations in China's state media about the sexual abuse of school children has exposed the dark side of life in rural areas where parents leave their homes to earn money as migrant workers. Britain must accept fracking for good of nation, says David Cameron A referendum on Scottish independence, due to take place on September 18, 2014, will mark the most important constitutional event in British history since the Act of Union united Scotland and England in 1707 Fukushima plant spilling contaminated water into the sea 'for years' NASA Finds A Pink Planet That Challenges Current Theories 'Smartins banned from grabbing your data as you pass by. The City of London Corporation has called for WiFienabled, datasnaffling bins to stop recording your movements as you wander the streets. Syrian rebels accused of sectarian murders  Hundreds of Alawite civilians have been killed, kidnapped or have disappeared during a rebel offensive on Latakia, local residents have reported. China and India 'water gra dams put ecology of Himalayas in danger Railroad files for bankruptcy after Quebec oil train disaster Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway has filed for bankruptcy in the US and Canada, claiming it lacks the insurance and financial resources to cover the damages of North American's worst railway disaster in decades. Spain 'to take Gibraltar dispute to UN' Spain Considers Joint Diplomatic Offensive with Argentina Over Gibraltar and the Falkland Islands Snowden's Father Will Travel to Russia, Rejects Idea of Plea Deal For Son Norway says no to Apple regarding high precision photo of Oslo City to be used in Apple's map solution. U.S Embassy Please reconsider. Why the World Bank Shies Away From Energy Efficiency USEU Spy Scandal Challenges Transatlantic Trade Talks Q&A Edward Snowden Speaks to NY Times. After 9/11 many of the most important news outlets...abdicated their role as a check to power. Olympic Committee Confirms It Will Punish Athletes Who Support LGBT Rights In Russia Recordbreaking quadruple amputee has $30,000 wheelchair returned to him after it was stolen by thieves Israel faces deepening isolation, Kerry warns. Kerry has warned Netanyahu in recent weeks that if the current peace talks bear no fruit, Israel may soon face an international delegitimization campaign on steroids. Hillary Clinton tries to silence Bindi Irwin on population growth The New Zealand Parliament is about to pass a bill legalizing spying on it's citizens  here is the PM's response when questioned about the public's thoughts on it Wikileaks founder Julian Assange might win a seat in next month's Australian election A white rhino has been shot dead by poachers in one of Kenya's most secure parks, near the capital, Nairobi. News Law requiring Muslim women to remove burqa to prove their identity to police introduced to West Aust. Parliament A kick in the teethBritish rail passengers stage protests as fares set to rise by over 9%  Leader says people are condemned to pay the highest prices in Europe for rail travel on clappedout, overcrowded & unreliable trains. U.S. deal to sell 36 F18 to Brazil stumble with recent revelations that the United States collected data on Brazilian Internet communications Russian official on gays And their hearts, in case of the automobile accident, should be buried in the ground or burned as unsuitable for the continuation of life. UK's Liberal Democrats propose to ban all petrol and diesel cars from British roads by 2040 Russia Confirms AntiGay Law Will Be Enforced at Olympics Putin's Weapon in the War of Images  The Russian president has created an antiCNN for Western audiences with the international satellite news network Russia Today. With its recipe of smart propaganda, sex appeal & unlimited cash, it's outperforming its peers worldwide. Gunmen 'kill 44 at Nigeria mosque' Experts estimate that 25,000 to 40,000 elephants are being killed annually by poachers, significantly more than are born each year You're never going to stop poaching by just putting new boots in Africa because it's a game of whackamole. Irish Peat Harvesters Discover World's Oldest Bog BodyRemains of young adult male found in bog where he was likely sacrificed over 4,000 yrs ago. Lack of calluses shows he was likely a noble. A blow broke an arm, there were deep cuts to his back & his body was marked by wooden stakes. Senior IOC member raises specter of taking Winter Olympics away from Russia An entire genus of plants used in Chinese Medicine found to be highly carcinogenic (higher than tobacco smoke) France opposes Olympics boycott over Russian gay propaganda law Rockets fired on Eilat, Israel. Residents say seeing Iron Dome counterrockets intercepting at least one rocket. Twothirds of Iranians are under age 35. Onethird of those between 1625 say they'd abandon Iran if they had the chance. Bahrain expels U.S. teacher for inciting 'hatred' of the royal family Borno 63 killed, 26 hospitalised as Boko Haram attacks Ngom, Konduga Every Important Person In Bitcoin Just Got Subpoenaed By New York's Financial Regulator 'Hundreds' dead as Egyptian army opens gun fire on proMorsi protesters in Cairo Bloodshed ensues as military opens fire on protest camps North Korea changes ruling principles to legitimise succession of power, removing mentions of Communism, North Korea is now a monarchy Israeli students offered grants if they tweet pro Israel propaganda The Church of England has told parishioners that fracking causes environmental problems and risks lasting harm to Gods glorious creation. Sky News cameraman Mick Deane shot dead in Cairo In Switzerland, asylum seekers (almost all of Asian and African descent) will no longer be able to use public libraries, public pools, public playgrounds, or attend church mass. In the name of 'peaceful coexistence'. Google Gmail users have no legitimate expectation of privacy In Russia, American Runner Dedicates Silver Medal to Gay Friends. Doctors Without Borders pulls out of Somalia militants, leaders tolerate attacks on NGOs Iran's President Nominates Female Vice President The Taliban have kidnapped a female Afghan MP as she and her children were travelling in a rural area south of the capital Kabul Tourist in Italy buried without family's knowledge after authorities thought he was a homeless African immigrant This man tried to kill my wife, then apologised. I had to meet him.  Mohammad Odeh planted a Hamas bomb that killed nine in Jerusalem. Then he did something terrorists never do he apologised. David HarrisGershon, whose wife was injured in the attack, needed to know why. Web filter at British Library Sorry, Hamlet is too violent Doctors Without Borders pulls out of Somalia because of attacks on its staff Two Europeanlooking men abuse, punch and tear Islamic veil off 16yearold Muslim girl near Paris A new study paves the way for the next generation of portable water purification devices, which could provide relief to the 780 million people around the world who face every day without access to a clean water supply Eurozone comes out of recession. The eurozone has emerged from recession after a record 18 months of economic contraction Brazil sues Samsung over 'serious' violations at Manaus factory of world's largest smartphone maker. Israel Government pays students to fight internet battles At least 43 dead as police swoop on proMorsi Cairo demos Fukushima Officials say they don't know how 10 workers at the plant were sprayed with radioactive water recently. The contamination was detected Monday. Photos, video show Egyptian protesters pushing armored police vehicle off bridge subsequent photo shows two security officials splayed, one on the trucks nowskyward underside and another on the ground nearby. Monkeychrist fresco painter Cecilia Gimenez raises 50,000 euros for charity by charging entry to the church in which her restored fresco is displayed The Brazilians were right After protests against rising the prices of public transportation, was discovered that in Sao Paulo, Siemens and the government were stealing $200 million in a scheme. Now they're occupying the city council, for the imprisonment of those involved and a refund. Animation legend Hayao Miyazaki under attack in Japan for antiwar film The Colombian Government Is Killing Its Peasant Farmers for Their Land Sri Lankans protest contamination of their water supply by glove factory. Govt responds by sending army, disabling cameras, and opening fire on the crowd. Egypt says 525 people were killed on Wednesday when security forces stormed proMorsi protest camps. Swedish athletes compete in Moscow with rainbow painted nails Infrared images show [it seems] that the Muslim Brotherhood 'fired on police' In Britain, spoon in underwear saving youths from forced marriage Brazil's Congress approves bill that designates all royalties from newly discovered oil fields to education and healthcare Remember last week when the Norwegian Prime Minister worked as a taxi driver and had a good time? Several of his customers were paid by a publicity agency Russian pole vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva condemns homosexuality, supports new antigay law Iran seizes Indian ship carrying oil from Iraq Lavabit email service unlikely to relaunch outside the US, says founder; warns that US is 'going to lose a lot of business' if cloudbased services rights aren't protected Iranian Politician Moradi Denied Seat On City Council Because She Is Too Attractive Gaza Border Crossing Closed Indefinitely By Egypt Smithsonian to Announce Discovery of New Mammal John Cleese brands British press depraved and amoral during film interview Nearly 1,500 South African police exposed as convicted criminals China to stop using organs from executed prisoners in transplants China will start phasing out its decadeslong practice of using the organs of executed prisoners for transplant operations from November, as it pushes to mandate the use of organs from ethical sources, a senior official said. Pollution in LacMgantic Quebec at high levels, study says Potential carcinogen found at 394,444 times above normal limit  Nearly 5.7 million litres of crude oil spilled out of derailed train cars and leached into the water, soil and air of LacMgantic following the July 6 train disaster Germany Fights Population Drop There is perhaps nowhere better than the German countryside to see the dawning impact of Europes plunge in fertility rates over the decades, a problem that has frightening implications for the economy and the psyche of the Continent. Namibia is in the middle of its worst drought in 30 years. This is what it looks like on the ground. Egypt global outcry steps up pressure on US to suspend aid to military Doctors Without Borders leaving Somalia after 20plus years, frustrated Highprofile medical aid mission group gives up, citing unhelpful 'civilian authorities' and too many attacks and risks. Latest kidnapping was the 'last straw.' Australian film directors defend Edward Snowden Former Archbishop of Canterbury Christians in Britain and the US who claim that they are persecuted should grow up and not exaggerate what amounts to feeling mildly uncomfortable Europes marijuana capital isnt Amsterdam. An outlaw Albanian village has built a fortune from the cultivation of cannabis worth as much as half the countrys GDP, and its offlimits to the police. Edward Snowden Says Media Being Misled 'About My Situation' 6.9 earthquake hits Wellington New Zealand 45 churches torched as violence strikes Egypt's Coptic Christians A New 451 Error Message Would Tell Users When Governments Are Blocking Websites Vladimir Putin may have offered to put all Russian military facilities at the Egyptian military's disposal hours after Obama cancelled a U.S.Egyptian military drill Snowden 'Neither my father, nor my father's lawyer, nor his wife, or spokeswoman represent me in any way. This will continue in the future...' The Wild West of groundwater Billiondollar Nestl extracting B.C.s drinking water for free BBC News  US credibility 'in tatters' over Egypt crisis With more deaths than Iraq, Brazil is at war and does not know Man surfaces in Bolivia who is possibly 123 years old, which would make him the oldest person on ever on record; credits longevity to chewing coca leaf. Israeli law will strip many Arab absentees of land Ecuador has abandoned a conservation plan that would have paid the country not to drill for oil in previously untouched parts of Yasuni National Park in the Amazon rainforest Top Israeli official sick of commemorating Hiroshima, Nagasaki Abomb victims More than 40 Churches Burned in Egypt Russias FSB mulls ban on TOR online anonymity network The head of the Federal Security Service (FSB) has personally ordered preparations for laws that would block the TOR anonymity network from the entire Russian sector of the Internet, a Russian newspaper reported. Israel extradites Bosnian Serb for trial over Srebrenica massacre of 8000 Muslim men and boys In Brazil, Kerry Is Told Spying Sows Distrust [Graphic] Video Purports to Show Syrian Rebels Executing Child Assad Supporters Churches torched across Egypt in antiCoptic violence by Morsi loyalists Ecuador restates support for Julian Assange on asylum anniversary A year after granting WikiLeaks founder political asylum, Ecuador says it remains committed to finding solution to standoff Egypt Police prepared to use live ammo as Brotherhood calls march Muslim Brotherhood Supporters Burning Coptic Christian Churches in Egypt Egypt Supporters of former President Mohamed Morsi turn on Christians in angry backlash Girls escape forced marriage by concealing spoons in clothing to set off metal detectors at the airport When they go through security, it will highlight this object...they will be taken to a safe space where they have that one last opportunity to disclose theyre being forced to marry Wikileaks just released three insurance torrents via their Facebook page, one includes a whopping 349 gigabytes of data. Major repeat offender elephant poacher faces just 1 year jail Egypt considers outlawing Muslim Brotherhood, calls it a terrorist organization. 'Both sides are wrong'  Egyptian actor Khalid Abdalla urges people to 'reject the binaries' of siding with the army or the Muslim Brotherhood Egypt has erupted into chaos. Military shooting protesters. Armed groups battle military. Hundreds dead today. Videos inside British court has ruled for the first time that a man who lacks capacity to give informed consent should have vasectomy because it is in his best interests  36yearold has an I.Q. of 40, lives with his parents and has a longterm girlfriend who also has severe learning disabilities Somalia polio outbreak spreads; 105 recorded cases  more cases than the rest of the world combined Germany to become first European state to allow third gender birth certificates Did an 8YearOld Spy for America? U.S. Drone Killed Yemeni Man After Boy Planted Tracking Chip Egypt's Christians face unprecedented attacks More than 30 churches have been destroyed in the past week, activists say, as thugs launch a campaign of intimidation. As Islamist rebels rise in Syria, liberal activists take a step back  They are confused and say, Its not my revolution any more.  India's unfair obsession with lighter skin  The Dark is Beautiful campaign hopes to halt India's huge appetite for skin whitening products Rupert Murdochs News Corp could face corporate hacking charges  London police investigating Murdochs British newspaper business for possible criminal violations over allegations of phonehacking and illegal payments to public officials by its journalists Some young HIV patients are giving up their medicine after being told by Pentecostal Church pastors to rely on faith in God instead Mass Protest in Tibet over Chinese Mining  xpost from r/tibet They won't give us a death certificate at the mortuary to bury him saying he was killed in the clashes in Ramses. They want to give us a death certificate saying he committed suicide, 2014 Sochi Olympics  Controversy, not competition, dominates headlines six months out due to Russia's antigay laws The police keep firing; the bodies pile up. In Cairo, bloodbaths are now a daily occurrence NAFSA Directs New York City Cease And Abstain Discriminative Actions Against Indian Country IraqTurkey Oil Pipeline Bombed Iraq would 'welcome' US drone strikes  Foreign Minister Cocacola and McDonalds agree that Winter Olympics should not be relocated from Russia  They both stated that they do not condone the antigay laws, and that they think they contradict the Olympic charter, but...do not think the games should be relocated away from Sochi Swedish track and field official says Emma Green Tregaro has been told that painting her fingernails in rainbow colors to support gay rights is a potential violation of the world championships' code of conduct The Charity That Just Gives People Money GiveDirectly is a charity that just gives money to poor people. The people who get the money can spend it on whatever they want. They never have to pay it back. TIME journalist says 'I can't wait to write a defense of the drone strike that takes out Julian Assange.' Here's the deleted tweet. Wikileaks have responded by demanding his resignation. Ecuador Asked the World to Pay it Not to Drill for Oil. The World Said No. So oil exploration is to begin in Yasun National Park in the Amazon Rain Forest. Australia to cut tax benefit for parents who don't immunise children Writer and journalist Will Self was stopped by police while out walking with his son because they suspected he was a paedophile, he has said. Germany acknowledges Bitcoin as currency Canadians Warn Americans Dont Trust Harpers Tar Sands Rhetoric  Production of heavy crude oil from the Alberta tar sands is Canadas fastest growing source of greenhouse gas emissions, & if expansion continues as govt & industry project, they'll cancel out every effort to mitigate emissions Police Passed New Information on Princess Diana's death It's not clear exactly what this information is, but we understand that it points to an allegation that Diana and those in the car with her were murdered. Poll 71% of Egyptians do not sympathize with proMorsi protesters AlJazeera raided, journalists assaulted in Egypt Chile fights GMO in national protest against Monsanto law Scotland Yard to assess fresh claims over death of Princess Diana A new file includes allegations that a former SAS soldier claimed to know who arranged Princess Diana's death and that it had been covered up Egypts Islamists target Christian churches, schools in backlash as chaos spreads After torching a Franciscan school, Islamists paraded 3 nuns on the streets like 'prisoners of warefore a Muslim woman offered them refuge. Two other women working at the school were sexually harassed and abused Mohammed AlZawahiri Arrested Brother Of AlQaeda Chief Ayman AlZawahiri Arrested In Egypt Report UN panel finds it's 95 percent likely humans cause of climate change Egypts Coptic Church Announces Support For Military Against Muslim Brotherhood, Rips Western Medias ProIslamist Reporting Latin America stands up against US espionage Venezuela's AntiGay Politicians  Politicians at the highest levels of the Venezuelan govt are hurling antigay slurs & accusing each other of being gay Egyptian prosecutors have placed 250 Muslim Brotherhood supporters under investigation for murder, attempted murder and terrorism WikiLeaks posts 400 GBs of encrypted insurance data online  That No One Can Open.. Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has fired the director of an Islamic TV channel for his role as the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood in Kuwait Copies of Hadashi no Gen (Barefoot Gen), an internationally renowned manga about the atomic bombing of Hiroshima, have been pulled from school library shelves here due to graphic descriptions of violence committed by Japanese troops After torching a Franciscan school, Islamists paraded three nuns on the streets like prisoners of war before a Muslim woman offered them refuge Leader of Mexican Gulf Cartel Captured How American Hopes for a Deal in Egypt Were Undercut. The violent crackdown has left Mr. Obama in a nowin position risk a partnership or stand by while longtime allies try to hold on to power by mowing down opponents. The Israelis and Saudis have lobbied him to go easy on the generals. Latin America Condemns US Espionage at United Nations Security Council Glenn Greenwald's partner detained at Heathrow airport for nine hours, under controversial Terrorism Act 2000. He was denied access to a lawyer, and had his possessions confiscated. The new Egyptian constitution may seek to ban all religious parties from the political arena,declaring the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization New Zealand prime minister walks out of press conference when questioned over spy bill Greenwald The detention of my partner, David Miranda, by UK authorities will have the opposite effect of the one intended CIA Admits It Was Behind Iran's Coup The agency finally owns up to its role in the 1953 operation. Drug addiction not a criminal issue, says chief medical officer UK, Mexican politician says gay people should not be allowed to marry because 'they don't face each other during sex' Brazil says the detention under British terror laws of one of its citizens at London's Heathrow airport caused grave concern and was unjustified. 16 yearold shot and killed a Melbourne baseballer because he just wanted to kill someone Toronto police officer in streetcar shooting charged with murder Amnesty International Detention of Guardian employee at Heathrow unlawful and unwarranted A Russian senator has challenged Internet giant Google to explain its use of clients personal Gmail data, and claimed that the email service violates individuals right to the secrecy of correspondence under Russias constitution. UK police gathered intelligence on trade union activists and passed the information to a clandestine blacklisting agency that unlawfully stored secret files on thousands of worker China punishes Wikipedia editor for Jimmy Wales' comments In response, they've grounded Wikipedia China editor Huang Zhisong from leaving the country until 2016 Canadian woman taken hostage in Somalia says she was starved, beaten, sexually brutalized and ready to die Canada Remains Worlds Most Educated Country Amnesty International condemns detention of Glenn Greenwald's partner Volcano eruption covers Japanese city of Kagoshima with ash New Zealand's first samesex marriages will be held today Chile rallies against 'Monsanto Law', thousands in streets to protect country's food sovereignty Egypt army chief vows to use full force 20 Egyptian Soldiers killed in Sinai Google trying to evade UK privacy laws, campaigners claim  Search giant aims to contest right of British users to bring lawsuit in UK over claims company illicitly tracked their web browsing, says the browsing habits of internet users are not protected as personal information Glenn Greenwalds partner detained, questioned at London airport Russian authorities in Moscow broke up a march of Pastafarians on Saturday with some help from antigay Russian Orthodox religious activists. Guardian Editor U.K. 'Security Experts' Entered Offices And Destroyed Hard Drives  You've had your debate. There's no need to write any more. The Guardian is suing the UK Home Office for the detention of David Miranda Brazil passes a law that reserves the nation's oil royalties for education and health care Historic victory. U.K. government thought destroying Guardian hard drives would stop Snowden stories One U.S. security official told Reuters that one of the main purposes of the British government's detention and questioning of Miranda was to send a message to recipients of Snowden's materials 60 years ago, the U.S. and Britain overthrew a democratic gov't in Iran, docs reveal BP is suing the US government to be allowed to explore for oil with US federal money again. Following the ninehourlong detention by British authorities of Glenn Greenwald's partner, David Miranda, Anonymous hacks UK and Chinese government websites, posts personal information of US government officials and their families as vital antiterror surveillance information. David Miranda detention prompts outcry over 'gross misuse' of terror laws Indonesian city to require female schoolgirls to pass virginity test. Official said it's a response to the high rate of adultery and prostitution among female students. In China, half of all groundwater and 2/3rds of all surface water is polluted Members of one of the most isolated tribes on Earth have briefly emerged from the Peruvian jungle to ask for food..The tribe, which numbers in the hundreds, has had virtually no contact with the wider world..Campaigners say logging and urban dev't have diminished the area in which the tribe can live Antisuperstition activist Narendra Dabholkar shot dead in Pune, India In 2006, when Sweden's unemployment rate stood at only 6%, Mr Reinfeldt promised to boost jobs by cutting income tax and welfare benefits. Today unemployment is above 8%, and youth unemployment is higher than in any other Nordic country. Israel behind Egypt coup  Turkish PM Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan claims Ankara has proof Israel was behind the July 3 military coup that toppled Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi, Hurriyet daily reports. One in 7 Canadians has genital herpes StatsCan study Russian Officials Now Prohibited from Having Foreign Bank Accounts More than 1,000 artifacts spanning 3500 years of history looted or destroyed during Egypts violence Wrecked Fukushima plant springs highly radioactive water leak The latest leak, which is continuing, is so contaminated that a person standing 50 centimetres (1.6 feet) away would, within an hour, receive a radiation dose five times the average annual global limit for nuclear workers. Radiation levels in Fukushima bay highest since measurements began Encrypted computer files seized from David Miranda 'were from US whistleblower Glenn Greenwald Detaining My Partner Was a Failed Attempt at Intimidation  The detention of my partner, David Miranda, by UK authorities will have the opposite effect of the one intended Egyptian journalist shot dead after curfew  Egyptian security forces killed the bureau chief of a provincial office of state newspaper AlAhram after opening fire on a car they thought had tried to escape from a checkpoint enforcing a dusktodawn curfew New Zealand prime minister John Key says he will resign if spy agency conducted mass surveillance on citizens North Korea Grapples With Crystal Meth Epidemic British PM David Cameron told a member of his cabinet to warn the Guardian newspaper of serious consequences of publishing Snowden material WikiLeaks Govts attacks on media signalling rise of fascism in UK, US' Journalism is not Terrorism.  Greenwald 'Let's tax the sun' Spain's new tax on solar panels has shocked international publications like Forbes for its stupidity. David Miranda was forced to give the passwords for his cell phone and laptop to the police against the threat of prison. Lord Falconer, who helped introduce the Terrorism Act, states that it provided no legal basis to detain David Miranda UK defends Miranda detention Those who oppose (detentions) need to think about what they are condoning. Reports of massive chemical attack near Damascus as UN observers arrive in Syria Argentina's Ambassador Calls David Cameron 'Dum And 'Completely Useless' Quebec wants to ban turbans, veils, kippas, from publicly funded spaces In the 21st century surveillance state, we are all terrorists  Intimidating reporters, destroying their computers, detaining them under false pretenses  it's all in a day's work for today's modern spy agency GCSB Bill Passed (New Zealand domestic spying bill) Russia slams UKs double standards over Guardian pressure David Cameron accused of sanctioning detention of Glenn Greenwald's partner David Miranda Australian University Newspaper has had to change its cover to a blank canvas, after the original cover depicted 18 realistic vaginas of the student population, trying to protest against the false depictions of female genitalia in the media. [Uncensored Cover inside] North Korean prison camp horror exposed at UN panel hearing. Harrowing accounts of how guards chopped off a man's finger, forced inmates to eat frogs and a mother to kill her own baby. North Korea Breaks Bad Heavy Meth Use and Addiction Why the Guardian destroyed the hard drives of leaked files Pink Floyd's Roger Waters calls on his fellow musicians to boycott the Zionist Israeli regime. Black Helicopters Britain's Blind Faith in Intelligence Agencies Cameron was behind UK attempt to halt Snowden reports Japan to raise severity rating for Fukushima leaks to level 3 In Russia, Five Men Film And Share Brutal Attack On Trans Woman In Broad Daylight Indian campaigner against mysticism and black magic assassinated after government announces an antisuperstition bill Guardian Willingly Destroyed Snowden Data instead of letting a Judge decide outcome in a year. An Indian spiritual leader who sparked controversy when he said a gangrape victim could have saved herself by addressing her violators as brothers and asking for mercy, has been charged with raping a minor PayPal unfreezes $45,000 cancer donation after media enquiries, the wife of the cancer patient previously rang PayPal without success, says she felt helpless Fukushima leak is 'much worse than we were led to believe' What is the worse is the water leakage everywhere else...It is leaking out from the basements, it is leaking out from the cracks all over the place. Nobody can measure that. It is much worse than we have been led to believe, much worse Hundreds of children's bodies piled high after nerve gas attack near Damascus leaves up to 1,300 dead Julian Assange Bradley Manning Sentence is an Affront to Basic Concepts of Western Justice Council of Europe wants to know why Britain ordered Guardian harddisks destroyed and detaining Greenwalds partner, calls it negative impact on freedom of expression in the UK. Canadian Robber caught after going back to apologize A Pakistani cleric cut his wife into pieces on Wednesday for refusing to wear a veil and sending their children to school Julian Assange make a puplic statement on the Manning case The only just outcome in Mr Mannings case is his unconditional release, compensation for the unlawful treatment he has undergone... Full statement in link Mubarak is Free Germany Produces RecordBreaking amount of solar power and even shatters their wind power record. Renewables are doing so well, in fact, that one of Germany's biggest utilities is threatening to migrate to Turkey. Up to 400 British citizens emigrate every day, causing what one politician says is a 'disappearance' of skilled middleclass professionals Police brutality reported at UK fracking protests. They tried to provoke a clash when we had no interest in having one. David Miranda wins partial court victory over data seized by police Native Canadian women sold on U.S. ships, researcher says  Thunder Bay An Australian Islamic preacher is under police investigation after he was filmed calling for all Buddhists and Hindus to be killed. France calls for use of force in Syria if chemical weapons massacre is proved The detention of David Miranda was an unlawful use of the Terrorism Act  The Act, which I helped introduce, was not passed with people like Miranda in mind. The act was designed to secure lasting peace in Northern Ireland and make it difficult for Irish dissident terrorists to come to the mainland Gaza Palestinian Youth Denounce Hamas As Medieval Gangsters Video James Kirchick Taken Off Russia Today After Slamming Russia's AntiGay Law Israeli Media Reports Air Raid Sirens Wail in Northern Israel China arrests Weibo users for inciting public dissatisfaction with the government Auckland, New Zealand to ban beggars off street Canadians may be victims of illicit spying Sherlock Actor Benedict Cumberbatch challenges the British Prime Minister on Goverment Surveillance and the Police State Orders To Destroy Guardian Hard Drives Came Directly From PM David Cameron Not a conspiracy anymore It appears that the UK government is...intentionally leaking harmful information to The Independent and attributing it to others SOPA 2 the return of the internets grim reaper Chinese policeman who grabbed an infant and threw her to the ground has been sacked from the force and formally arrested Ecuador gives up on protecting the rain forest  oil drilling soon to destroy most biodiverse place on the planet Colombia more than doubled the size of a huge nature reserve as it fights to protect the Amazon from deforestation Fukushima operator pleads for international help as radiation crisis deepens Edward Snowden leaks reveal UKs secret MiddleEast web surveillance base  Datagathering operation is part of a 1bn internet project still being assembled by GCHQ The first legal abortion in an Irish hospital has been carried out in Dublin, it was confirmed on Friday. The termination was carried out on a woman who had an unviable 18week pregnancy and whose life was risk at the National Maternity hospital. Saudi Princess Meshael Alayban posts $5,000,000.00 bail, then skips her California arraignment on human trafficking charges, contending that her Kenyan slave was well paid, well fed, enjoyed spa days and cable television and even had wild shopping sprees. Israeli Jets Bomb Lebanon In Retaliation For Rocket Attack Kenya jails Chinese ivory smuggler in landmark ruling. Sentenced to two and a half years in prison on Thursday in a landmark ruling hailed as sending a powerful warning to poachers and smugglers. Surge in wolf attacks in France prompts call to bring in American hunters, because the French don't know how to kill wolves Germany Breaks its Own Record for Solar Power Generation Someone Beat the Vikings Into the North Atlantic by 500 Years  We're not sure who colonised the Faroe Islands, but they got there pretty early The Real, Terrifying Reason Why British Authorities Detained David Miranda For some two decades, major German breweries have allegedly been fixing beer prices, according to a media report this week. They now face hundreds of millions of euros in fines. One of China's most wellknown civil rights advocates has been formally arrested on charges of disrupting public order, as Beijing cracks down on grassroots efforts to build a civil society that may challenge its rule UN finds Australia guilty in 150 cases of Human rights abuses. US gun culture is 'corrupting the world,' Australia exdeputy PM says after Okla. slaying I am angry cos it's corrupting the world, this gun culture of the U.S. The U.S. has chosen the pathway of an illogical policy with regard to guns. They cannot expect not to have any criticism of it worldwide Syria crisis Child refugees reach 'one million'. 'The UN's refugee agency and Unicef say a further two million children are displaced within the country' Ten tons of dead fish found in lake near Rio de Janeiro's 2016 Olympic Park The News From Fukushima Just Gets Worse, and the Japanese Public Wants Answers Theresa May attacked for comments on critics of David Miranda's detention  Exdirector of public prosecutions speaks out after home office say opponents of Miranda's detention are 'condoning terrorism' Nobody is saying anything but Colombia has been for the last 4 days in a Nationwide strike against the Government policies and the Trade agreement with the United States. US soldier sentenced to life in prison for shooting 16 Afghan villagers A 15yearold girl who faced 100 lashes in the Maldives after she was raped by her stepfather has had the sentence overturned following an international campaign. Judge refuses to let Muslim defendant wear burqa in court Holding Italy Hostage Vote me out of jail, or I will bring the country down with me. This, essentially, is the message Silvio Berlusconifourtime prime minister, owner of the countrys three main TV channels, criminal defendant many times overhas just sent to the Italian government... Recently released documents show that New Zealand police possibly got illegal help from spying apparatus set up by America's National Security Agency in order to bust Megaupload's Kim Dotcom Snowden accuses UK gov't of leaking documents he never leaked to make mim look bad Police in Hong Kong have arrested more than 1,800 people in a crackdown on the organised crime gangs known as triads. Nigerian Islamists accused of cutting throats of 44 villagers Syrian soldiers enter rebel tunnels, find chemical agents state TV Syrian state television said government soldiers found chemical agents in rebel tunnels in the Damascus suburb of Jobar on Saturday and some of the troops were suffocating U.S. Shipping Thousands of Cluster Bombs to Saudis, Despite Global Ban Medecins Sans Frontieres says it treated about 3,600 patients with 'neurotoxic symptoms' in Syria, of whom 355 died UK drives Guardian to partner with the New York Times, which has the files and will start reporting also. The United States on Friday was repositioning naval forces in the Mediterranean to give President Barack Obama the option for an armed strike on Syria, although officials cautioned that Obama had made no decision on military action Iran's Rouhani says chemical weapons killed people in Syria  The Islamic Republic gives notice to the international community to use all its might to prevent the use of these weapons anywhere in the world, especially in Syria, First Nations Women Are Being Sold Into The Sex Trade On Ships Along Lake Superior Mapped Every Protest on the Planet Since 1979 Syrian troops find chemical agents in tunnels used by rebels The list of Christian churches, schools, institutions, shops torched by the Muslim Brotherhood in the last three days US readies possible missile strike against Syria  report Pastor caught up in $300,000 small town opium bust The German Government is now deeply suspicious that the Trusted Platform Module (TPM) technology built into a growing number of Windows 8 PCs and tablets is creating a gigantic back door for NSA surveillance, leaked documents have suggested. Doctors Without Borders Confirms 3,600 Suffering Neurotoxic Symptoms Treated in Hospitals in Syria Canadian politician admits to smoking pot during his time as a member of Parliament, with a surprisingly positive response. [xpost from /r/Canada] Israel's Most Liberal City Introduces Racially Segregated Kindergartens Americans strongly oppose U.S. intervention in Syria's civil war and believe Washington should stay out of the conflict even if reports that Syria's government used deadly chemicals to attack civilians are confirmed, a Reuters/Ipsos poll says. David Miranda's detention is a threat to press freedom, say European editors  Newspapers urge prime minister to restore Britain's reputation for free press after holding of Guardian journalist's partner Land speculators destroy 2,700 year old Greek necropolis in Libya, throwing artifacts into a river Syria has agreed to allow weapons inspectors full access to any site of a purported chemical weapons attack, effective immediately, Syria's Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al Mekdad tells CNN's Fred Pleitgen. An open letter from four of the largest Nordic newspapers to Britains PM David Cameron regarding the treatment of The Guardian 2 British women were beaten and detained in China for refusing to accept counterfeit goods. Their visas expired while they were stuck in jail and they are now in legal limbo. CSEC Commissioner Canadians May Have Been Illegally Targeted in Surveillance Activities In Violation of the Law Muslim Brotherhood leader is hiding in London Did New Zealand Spooks Tap Into PRISM To Spy On Dotcom? 'Police affidavits appear to show that NZ police and spy agencies are able to tap directly into US surveillance systems...' Egypt Widens Crackdown and Meaning of 'Islamist'  Anyone who opposes the regime, even liberal groups, are being branded Islamists and arrested on false charges Scandinaivian publishers write Open Letter to David Cameron in the midst of recent events in the snowden case UK government given Tuesday deadline over David Miranda data Judges ask government to provide detailed evidence about why it wants right to trawl and share data seized using terror laws Secret vodka smuggling pipeline discovered under Kyrgyzstan river Plumpy'Nut The lifesaver that costs... well, peanuts lifesaving peanut paste, first trialled during a famine in Niger eight years ago, is reaching two million of the world's most severely malnourished children a year Censorship Doesnt Just Stifle Speech  It Can Spread Disease  [MERS] is mysterious, far more so than it should bebecause Saudi Arabia, where the majority of cases have clustered, has been tightlipped about the diseases spread Syria Cameron and Obama agree to military strike over chemical weapons Syria Mideast will burn if we're attacked Ecuador looks to ban publication of classified documents, despite 'housing' WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange 3,600 Syrians show 'neurotoxic symptoms' Editors of four major Scandinavian papers write an open letter to David Cameron Russia warns U.S. not to repeat in Syria past mistakes in region Referring to the United States' military intervention in Iraq, the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement that any military action would affect joint U.S.Russian efforts for an international peace conference on Syria. Two Russian bombers have violated Japanese airspace near its major southern island of Kyushu on Thursday, prompting Tokyo to scramble its own F2 combat jets and lodge a protest, reports say. Greenpeace campaigners invade Belgian Grand Prix to protest against sponsors Shell Jihadist Group Boko Haram Attacks Nigerian Village Killing 44, Survivors Have Their Eyes Gouged Out Scotland Yard under fire over arbitrary terror arrests  IPCC investigating 25 complaints about Schedule 7 detentions at borders as Britains biggest force given ultimatum after refusing to hand over evidence Exclusive CIA Files Prove America Helped Saddam as He Gassed Iran Snowden Covered His Tracks Well; How Many Other NSA Staffers Did The Same? 'U.S. government's efforts to determine which highly classified materials Snowden took from the National Security Agency have been frustrated by Snowden's sophisticated efforts to cover his digital trail..' Syria UN Inspectors 'Shot At By Snipers' LSD is good for you, say Norway researchers US military intervention in Syria would 'repeat the mistakes' of Iraq war, Russia warns Syrian official Israel will be under fire if the US strikes in Syria. Top Editors Call Out UK Govt 'Detention of Miranda Undermines Free Press' Sharply worded open letter from the heads of leading European papers echoes mass outrage at abuse of antiterrorism laws to intimidate journalists Alexander runs the US cyberwar effort, an empire he built over eight years by insisting that our vulnerability to digital attacks requires amassing ever more authority. In his telling, the threat is so huge that the nation has little option but to put the entire Internet under his control. Navy ready to launch first strike on Syria Britain is planning to join forces with America and launch military action against Syria within days in response to the gas attack believed to have been carried out by President Bashar alAssads forces against his own people Wikileaks leaks alleged emails between American officials and intelligence contractors. Finnish Court Censors Website That Criticizes Censorship  While the site itself doesnt host or link to illegal content, the court argues that societys obligation to protect the children trumps freedom of speech in this case Jehovahs Witness elders stonewalled a police probe into church members sexual abuse. They claimed they had a duty to God not to cooperate with the investigation. Taiwan Seizes 2,626 Rare Turtles Bound for Dinner Plates in China  After consuming up their own turtles, now they are turning their eyes to Southeast Asia & Taiwan, said a Council of Agriculture official. Since the turtles are not seen often in the wild, many must've been involved. Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster AKA Pastafarians stage satirical march in Moscow. Police detain and charge 8 with organizing an unsanctioned rally. Alexei Navalny, who is also an anticorruption blogger, was detained late Sunday at an event for infringing the rights and legal interests of other citizens, an unnamed police official told Interfax news agency. Britain's antiterror legislation should be widened to cover the publication and passing on of official government secrets, the former Metropolitan Police Commissioner Lord Blair has suggested. Gay reporter James Kirchick kicked off Russias RT news network for protesting antigay laws Russia to US Once again we call not to repeat past mistakes, not to allow actions that contradict international law. Feasting & Fighting the LongLost Secrets of Beowulf  Archaeologists in Denmark have excavated the 6thcentury great dining hall at the center of the epic work. The dark secrets of Englands oldest work of epic literature are emerging from under a field. Syria lets U.N. inspect gas attack site, Washington says too late 'Our generation is a lost cause' Spain's youth struggle to chart a life amid economic crisis Hysteria around chemical attack suits those who want military intervention in Syria  Sergey Lavrov, Foreign Minister of Russia Flouting International Rejection of Weapons, US to Supply Saudi Arabia With Cluster Bombs  The U.S. and Saudi Arabia have refused to sign the Convention on Cluster Munitions, which prohibits use and transfer of the weapons noted for their harm to civilian populations years after they are dropped 1,000strong Burmese Buddhist mob burns Muslim homes and shops Saudi Arabia to have 16 nuclear reactors to be ready by 2030 Hans Blix Whether Obama in Syria or Bush in Iraq, The US Is Not the World Police Facebook will pay a $20 million fine for privacy violations, from which it made $73 million in profits. Obama orders documents justifying a military strike in Syria to be declassified and released, legal process to justify military intervention is already underway India bans shark 'finning' Russias warning falls on deaf ears as Britain and US prepare to bomb Remember bogus U.S. excuses for Iraq war before attacking Syria China's Xinhua Saudi Arabia has secretly offered Russian a sweeping deal to control the global oil market and safeguard Russias gas contracts, if the Kremlin backs away from the Assad regime in Syria. Russia says West acting in Muslim world like 'monkey with grenade' German Chancellor Candidate Stop Trade Negotiations Until US Stops Spying Most efficient Health Care by Country. Hong Kong, Singapore and Japan have top three spots. Israel comes in fourth. US comes in 46th. Liberia students all fail university admission exam. Liberia's education minister says she finds it hard to believe that not a single candidate out of 25,000 passed this year's university admission exam. Russia starts evacuating its citizens from Syria ahead of western strike Tom's BBQPhilanthropic Work With The Aid Of Paz De Cristo Talk Of Strike On Syria Moves From 'Will It Happen?' To When Syria crisis Russia and China step up warning over strike Former JPMorgan employee who is wanted by the United States in a trading scandal that cost the bank $6.2 billion last year, was arrested in Madrid Russia warned Western powers on Monday against any military intervention in Syria, saying the use of force without a U.N. mandate would violate international law. Russia warns of 'catastrophic consequences' if Syria hit Kerry Chemical weapons were used in Syria, accuses Assad of destroying evidence UN says it will contact United States over spying report Syria crisis warplanes spotted in Cyprus as tensions rise in Damascus Kerry US will act against Assad Julian Assange Reveals Google's Covert Role In Foaming Uprisings First wave powered desalination plant to be built in Perth, Australia. Expat British architect loses a tooth after Basel police beat him for cycling on a bike without proper brakes A campaign has been launched to encourage the World Meteorological Organisation to begin naming hurricanes and other destructive storms after climate change deniers. New Zealand bans software patents Todays historic legislation will support our innovative technology industry, and sends a clear message to the rest of the world that New Zealand wont tolerate the vexatious practice of patent trolls Irans parliament has given preliminary approval to a bill requiring the government to sue the U.S. for its involvement in the 1953 coup that overthrew the countrys democratically elected prime minister. Existence of new element confirmed Strike on Syria Would Cause One on Israel, Iran Declares Syrian President This is nonsense. First they level the accusations, and only then they start collecting evidence. Castro Denies That Cuba Refuses To Accept Snowden, He Admires Snowdens Actions Syria challenges West to offer proof of chemical weapons use PM Poland will not join strikes on Syria For the first time, the combined GDP of poor nations is greater than the rich ones Syria says 'terrorists' will strike Europe with chemical weapons Jordan No attack on Syria from our soil Apple Tries to Trademark the Word 'Startup' Exclusive Glenn Greenwald Interview I Won't Be Kept Out of My Country for Doing Journalism! Syrian Electronic Army takes down New York Times website Currency Spikes at 4 P.M. in London Provide Rigging Of Stock Market Clues distorting the value of trillions of dollars of investments in funds that track global indexes. Bloomberg News reported Iranian Official Israel to Be First Victim of U.S. Attack on Syria Painting of Vladimir Putin in women's underwear seized by Russian police N. Korea sees bright future in tourism Pope Francis has phoned an Argentine woman to comfort her and tell her she is not alone after she wrote a letter to him saying she was raped by a policeman. Russia Paintings of Officials Are Seized by the Police.The police seized a painting of the president and prime minister in womens underwear from an art gallery in St. Petersburg, saying the display had broken unspecified laws. Japan formally raises Fukushima water leak to INES Level 3 incident Excorcist arrested claiming penis purge ghosts inside women Angela Merkel Greece should never have been allowed in the euro Taliban attack under way on Polish base in east Afghanistan Saudi Arabia's cabinet has passed a ban on domestic violence and other forms of abuse against women for the first time in the Kingdom's history. The cabinet approved a ban on physical or sexual violence earlier this week, which applies both at home or within the work place. Man turns his phone number into a premium number. Makes money off of telemarketers calling him. Russia is sending an antisubmarine ship and a missile cruiser to the Mediterranean as Western powers prepare for possible strikes against Syria WikiLeaks raises $12,000 in Bitcoin for Edward Snowden's defense Fukushima leak upgraded to Level 3 severity, leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the ocean. Kim JongUn's ex is executed by firing squad. David Cameron backed down and agreed to delay a military attack on Syria following a growing revolt over the UK's rushed response to the crisis on Wednesday night. Legalize/Decriminalize Marijuana, Canadians Say 'A survey found that 69% either want to see marijuana legalized, taxed, and regulated or see the possession of small amounts decriminalized.' Christianity is dying in England, and in France Catholic priests are only preaching to pensioners  In France, almost twothirds of youth said they belonged to 'no religion' and very few people, just an estimated one in 20, regularly attend Mass Syria asks UN to immediately investigate three new chemical attacks by rebels US Judge Rejects BPs Latest Request to Stop Payments from its MultibillionDollar Settlement with Victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico Oil Spill  Were pleased the court relied on actual facts & evidence in reaching its conclusion & not the unsupported hyperbole & speculation propagated by BP. Untouchable girl kidnapped and repeatedly gangraped in a car by the sons of influential persons with a warning that if she did not return to them every 10 days, her parents would be killed. Syrias ambassador to the United Nations, Bashar Jaafari, added a new level of complexity to the issue on Wednesday, announcing that he had submitted evidence of three previously unreported instances of chemical weapons use in Syria, which he asserted had been carried out by Syrian insurgents. Christians, other minorities in Syria fear 'ethnic cleansing'  Syrian rebels, who are mostly Sunni Muslims, have repeatedly shelled Christian neighborhoods in the city Protesters gather outside Downing Street to oppose Syria intervention Undercover at the Tar Sands What It's Really Like Working for Big Oil  An anonymous worker reveals conditions at ground zero for Canada's controversial pipelines New Zealand's Intelligence will not be charged for illegally spying on Kim Dotcom because they didn't mean to break the law. Scientists claim they have discovered fossilized algae inside meteorite hinting at proof of alien life. Mini volcano pops up in Rome. Five years since Lehman's collapse the unthinkable has become reality; Our systems of governance have yet to properly address these previously unthinkable outcomes and their profound implications for current and future generations Iran's Revolutionary Guards chief said a U.S. military attack on Syria would lead to the imminent destruction of Israel and would prove a second Vietnam for America, according to an Iranian news agency. Armies of Kurdish women are taking on Syria's Islamists  and winning Woman in Pakistan sentenced to death for taking a sip of water In Rush to Strike Syria, U.S. Tried to Derail U.N. Probe Dismissed the U.N. investigation as coming too late to obtain valid evidence Panama North Korea arms shipment broke UN sanctions  Weapons on freighter seized after leaving Cuba were 'without a doubteing traded in breach of embargo, ministry says David Cameron loses Syria vote in Commons Documents leaked by Edward Snowden to the Washington Post show that DNA analysis on the corpse of Bin Laden were done that confirm his identity.The Pentagon denied more than a year ago it had any records of these tests in a response to a Freedom of Information Act request. The last time a British prime minister was defeated by the Commons on a war motion was 1782 when MPs refused to go on fighting  of all people  the restless Americans wishing for independence. The Russian news site RT.com has been banned from the popular Reddit forum r/news for spamming and vote manipulation. Unprecedented lack budget' leak reveals the scope of $52 billion US spy complex. Canada will not join the U.S. and U.K. in a military attack. Edward Snowden awarded with German whistleblower prize Britain's Cameron I don't need to apologize to Obama over Syria defeat U.K. Prime Minister said on Friday he regretted the failure of the British parliament to support military action in Syria but that he hoped President Barack Obama would understand the need to listen to the wishes of the people Snowden reveals US intelligences black budget $52.6 billion on secret programs 'Napalmomb dropped on school in Syria, leaving scores of children with burns over their bodies While BBC hasn't reported the number, 50,000 military troops have been dispatched throughout Colombia to put an end to the national protests. Al Jazeera It's time for a UNimposed ceasefire in Syria Leaked documents reveal US sees Israel as a major spying threat China warns U.S. against attack on Syria U.S. military officers have deep doubts about impact, wisdom of a U.S. strike on Syria Archbishop of Canterbury Christians must repent for their homophobia France Backs U.S. on Syria Action France says ready to punish Syria despite British no vote All the options are on the table. France wants action that is in proportion and firm against the Damascus regime Emotional Syrian letter to Britain stresses that they are fathers and mothers with families not so different from yours, and a war will plunge secular Syria into sectarian violence Australians told to leave Syria now Poet Seamus Heaney dies aged 74 The Fukushima Nightmare No End in Sight After underground pools leaked, TEPCO has hastily built around 1,000 surface storage tanks. Several are leaking from joints sealed with plastic Finland's government announced a longterm plan to start scaling back its welfare system, one of the most generous in the world, aiming to preserve its tripleA credit rating in the face of a slower economy and aging population. Why is every media outlet now questioning Britain's status in the world because our House voted against an American military intervention? Irish poet Seamus Heaney dies Putin says US should present Syria chemical weapons evidence to UN Security Council Syrias largest city just dropped off the Internet UK Asked New York Times To Destroy Edward Snowden Documents; NY Times Ignored Request China confirms plans for first Moon visit later this year Russian President Vladimir Putin has declared 'utter nonsense' the idea that the Syrian government has used chemical weapons on its own people and called on the US to present its supposed evidence to the UN Security Council RT.com partially banned by Reddit  RT Answers Back. NATO will not be part of Syria attack Latest Snowden leak reveals, US hit 231 cyberattacks against Russia, Iran, and China Kerry Syrian chemical attack killed 1,400 people. Read Full Report Obama Officially Pins the Blame Of Chemical Weapons Attack On Assad Officer in the Syrian army claims that thirteen pilots have signed a pledge to serve as kamikaze pilots against Western aircraft. Also claims that there 8,000 total 'suicide martyrs' at the ready, and that I myself am ready to blow myself up against US aircraft carriers. Gays attacked in their own homes as Jamaica hits record levels of violence Most French people do not want France to take part in military action on Syria and most do not trust French President Francois Hollande to do so, a poll showed on Saturday. The government of India will soon ask all its employees to stop using Google's Gmail for official communication 'Black Jesus' murder Leader of 6,000strong cannibal rape cult hacked to death by villagers in Papua New Guinea jungle after killing yet again  Stephen Tari called himself 'the true Christ' and had previously been accused of raping, murdering and eating young girls Why Fukushima is much worse than everyone thinks Syria suggest that it has ways of defending itself that will 'surprise everybody'.  We will defend ourselves using all means available. I don't want to say more than that. Russia's President Vladimir Putin dismisses US claims that Syria's regime used chemical weapons as utter nonsense. Majority of French oppose Syria intervention Experts Fear That U.S. Plan to Strike Syria Overlooks Risks. Our biggest problem is ignorance; were pretty ignorant about Syria, said Ryan C. Crocker, a former ambassador to Syria and Lebanon. Russian Aircraft Carrier Admiral Kuznetsov To Be Sent To Syrias Tartus University of Alberta nanotech discovery would make solar panels cheaper, lighter According to documents leaked by Edward Snowden, U.S. spy agencies mounted 231 offensive cyberoperations in 2011. Growing Bipartisan Coalition Urges Obama to Seek Congressional Authorization for Syrian Strike 7.0 earthquake strikes just south of Alaska's Aleutian Sir David Frost, broadcaster and writer, dies at 74 Fukushima radiation levels 18 times higher than previously thought Quebec hotel sues former guest over online review The hotel is suing a former guest for $95,000 in damages over a review he wrote on the travel site TripAdvisor. Syrians warn U.S. that Al Qaeda has hijacked revolution 'Arab news broadcaster Al Jazeera was spied on by the National Security Agency, according to documents seen by SPIEGEL. The US intelligence agency hacked into protected communication, a feat that was considered a particular success.' Spain's youth unemployment reaches record 56.1% President Obama To Seek Congressional Authorization for Syrian Air Strikes The Most Efficient Health Care Systems In The World 'among the 48 countries included in the Bloomberg study, the U.S. ranks 46th, outpacing just Serbia and Brazil... worse than China, Algeria, and Iran.' Peruvian government declares state of emergency in 10 regions due to unusually cold weather and heavy snowfall, which has killed thousands of farm animals. Yemen Prime Minister survives assassination attempt. Demand for Shark Fins Dropping Due to China's Crackdown that's Forced Decline in Lavish Banquets & Extravagance  Hong Kong also shows significant decline in consumption. The culture is changing in Asia among younger people. They aren't eating shark fin soup as much. Syria allies Why Russia, Iran and China are standing by the regime France, following US and UK, applies brakes on Syrian war rhetoric India plans to ban Gmail for government workers after Snowden leaks The move is intended to protect confidential government information from US intelligence agencies. Let's not let discussions about Syria become fact free, here's a good summary of how we got here Catholic Church in Australia succeeds in lobbying against charity watchdog We are fighting for survival, Pacific islands leader warns, as lowlying atolls grow uninhabitable because of rising seas, severe floods, droughts & storm surges. Climate change has already arrived. Marshall Islands to host summit for largest greenhouse gas emitters, including US, China & EU. 2 Canadian Navy ships collide during manoeuvres. Radiation readings spike at water tank at Japan's ruined nuclear plant EU plans to fit all cars with speed limiters Terrorist attack on Suez Canal ship 'foiled' in Egypt  Reports of two blasts, but Panamaflagged vessel remained undamaged. Syria crisis Britain will play active role in military action despite vote defeat Beneath Greenland's ice scientists have discovered a 460mile megacanyon A hugely popular self styled godman / guru in India is arrested for rape of a 19 year old Fukushima radiation levels spike, now at Threat Level Serious Two thirds of Britons say they would not care if relations with the USA were damaged by Parliament's rejection of Syria intervention Swiss banks to divulge names of wealthy US tax avoiders, pay billions in fines Pope Francis condemns the use of chemical weapons and asks for peace on Syria War, never again. Violence never leads to peace, war leads to war, violence leads to violence. Obama 'has the right' to strike Syria regardless of Congress vote, says Kerry Germany is Withdrawing 674 Tons of Gold From Foreign Central Banks. The DEA has been listening in on everybody's phone calls since 1987. Saudi Arabia backs US strike against Syria The Big 3 Canadian telecom companies are trying to convince Canadians that outside competition is bad for them through a massive internet and radio ad campaign. Mexicos Lost Drug War  Corruption is so deep within the govt that its become a war for drugs, not against. I cant say freedom of expression exists when I have to live with roundtheclock bodyguards. Journalists in other countries can walk freely on the streets & I cant. Fukushima's toxic water pool grows as Tepco dithers ' largest pool of radioactive water in the history of nuclear accidents' Did you hear that a group of 400 angry farmers attacked and destroyed a field trial of GMO rice? That was a lie. Reality was a small number of activists while farmers (who had been bussed in to attend the event) looked on in dismay. The Syrian Electronic Army has defaced the Marines.com website posting a message to all US marines 'Mexico's war on drugs is one big lie' British government let company export nerve gas chemicals to Syria in 2012 while Syrias civil war was raging Australia's HEMP Party formally launches election campaign with a call for cannabis to be legalised for personal and medical use, just as it is now for industrial purposes The US National Security Agency spied on the communications of the Brazilian and Mexican presidents, and used a program to access all Internet content the Brazilian president visited online The National Security Agency's spy program targeted the communications of the Brazilian and Mexican presidents, and in the case of Mexico's leader accessed the content of emails before he was elected, Greenwald said Sunday Context for Syria Bombing Campaign on average, US has bombed another nation at least once every 40 months since 1963 France to declassify secret documents detailing Syria's arsenal of chemical weapons Russia Rejects U.S. Evidence on Syrian Chemical Attack Vietnam internet restrictions come into effect  A controversial law banning Vietnamese online users from discussing current affairs has come into effect Syrian Cabinet Minister calls for preemptive strikes on U.S. Ecuador To World Pay Up To Save The Rainforest. World To Ecuador Meh. Taliban target U.S. army base in Afghanistan, attack ongoing Japan considering dumping Fukushimas radioactive water into the Pacific