 Australian PM says abolishing compulsory voting would make democracy the plaything of cashed up interest groups. Spanish city's locksmiths say they'll no longer assist with evictions Nicolas Sarkozy DID take $50 million of Muammar Gaddafi's cash, French judge is told Al Jazeera Acquires Current TV Icelandic Girl Fights For Right To Her Own Name. Kim Jongun's wife 'has given birth' in North Korea Indian politician attacked for alleged involvement in rape Police in India have arrested a leader of the ruling Congress party on accusations he raped a woman in a village in the early hours of the morning Controversial Israeli law banning tooskinny models went into effect with the start of 2013. Sexual violence is not a cultural phenomenon in India  it is endemic everywhere Why Japan's 'Fukushima 50' Remain Unknown  Entering exclusion zone around crippled Fukushima plant is an unnerving experience. It's also illegal.  But without a Geiger counter, it'd be easy to forget this is now one of the most contaminated places on Earth. Measles outbreak kills hundreds in Pakistan Muslim scholar vehemently condemns treatment of rape victims in Muslimmajority countries A Look Inside North Korea  Palestinian owners barred from Jordan Valley land, while Israeli farmers profit BBC News  Indonesia city to ban women 'straddling motorbikes' Argentina reignites Falklands row Canada's Indigenous movement gains momentum Murder Charges Are Expected Against 5 Men in New Delhi Gang Rape Al Jazeera to start new U.S.based News Channel Russia restricts sale of beer to reduce problematic alcoholism in the country. Icelandic girl fights for right to her own name U.S. drone strike kills key Pakistan Taliban commander  sources
| Reuters In the Middle East, the Arab spring has given way to a Christian winter |  The Guardian Rio geared towards bikefriendly future Brazilian metropolis turns to oldfashioned pedal power to ease grinding, hourslong traffic jams Delhi gang rape Victim's father says juvenile should be hanged as govt plans to amend criminal laws Soccer team walks out on game in Italy after African player is taunted with monkey chants Obese who refuse to exercise 'could face benefits cut' in the UK How to Halt the Terrorist Money Train? Step 1 Make bankers stop laundering dirty cash Japanese man vacations on Syrian front lines. Im not a target for snipers because Im a tourist, not like you journalists. Besides, Im not afraid if they shoot at me or that they might kill me. Im a combination of samurai and kamikaze. Switzerland's oldest bank became the first foreign bank to plead guilty in the United States to tax charges when it admitted Thursday that it helped American clients hide more than $1.2 billion from the Internal Revenue Service. Woman jumps from speeding train in India to avoid molestors. Journalists at a leading Chinese newspaper have called for a propaganda chief to resign, in a rare protest against censorship. Disastrous relief for Haiti Three years on from the quake, it's evident reconstruction has been fatally undermined by greedy and incompetent outsiders Ryanair pilots claim they are pressured into filling their airplanes with too little fuel.  Evidence has been promised to a French court that could prove former President Nicolas Sarkozy accepted more than 50 million in campaign donations from ousted Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. (xpost /r/politics) An amazing mea culpa from the IMFs chief economist on austerity Governor Shuts Down Tehran Over Pollution  Only emergency & health services will report for work.  It's 2nd time in a month  activities have been ordered halted because of air pollution. Could gangrape protests mark beginning of an age of activism for India?  

India's youth bulge and its disillusionment with political leaders may have helped drive recent postrape protests and an anticorruption movement. But it's not clear the new activism will sustain itself. Palestinian Authority And Hamas Both Refuse To Take In Palestinian Refugees From Syria The Disappeared  Even the Soviet Union eventually acknowledged Stalin's Great Famine. Why does China still hide evidence of its own mass starvation under Mao? Narwhal Tusk Smuggling Ring Busted  Does your neighbor have a Narwhal tusk displayed? It was likely smuggled illegally from Canada.  Body parts of the rare whales were bought legally in Canada, then smuggled across a New BrunswicktoMaine border, & resold for blackmarket prices in US. 
 Magazine firebombed for printing satirical 'Sharia' edition in France publishes Prophet Mohammed cartoon book

 Bored truck driver plays war tourist in Syria BBC News  Church of England drops gay bishop opposition Argentina's understanding of history is laughable  Telegraph Drone attacks unacceptable Pakistan Foreign Office Spokesman said the attacks were illegal, unacceptable and against Islamabads sovereignty. BBC News  Hugo Chavez suffers 'complications' after surgery 60,000 Dead in Syria? Why the Death Toll Is Likely Even Higher  The Atlantic India. Assam women beat 'sexattack politician' Bikram Singh Brahma Antigovernment protests rage across Iraq  North Korea to open economy for foreign investment this year supported by German economic and legal experts. They are interested in the Vietnamese model Two Swedes Renditioned To The US, Possibly To Death Penalty, In Secrecy And Without Lawyers Knowledge Indian politician publicly beaten by crowd after he is caught raping a woman After Years in Solitary, an Austere Life as Uruguays President  Jos Mujica, a former guerrilla who took office in 2010, donates most of his salary, shuns opulence and lives modestly, as he says the leader of a democracy should.  In Pakistan 9yearold in critical condition after gangrape First LGBTfriendly mosque opens in France German solar power installations at record high in 2012 Capacity grew by more than 7.6 gigawatt, breaking the previous records of 7.5 GW in 2011 and 7.4 GW in 2010, and far above the 2.5 to 3.5 GW Berlin would like to see each year Australian heist goes wrong as robbers tunnel into KFC not jewelers  A New Account Of India's Brutal Gang Rape Is Out  And It Makes Delhi's Police Look Awful The Palestinian Authority has officially changed its name to 'State of Palestine,' in its first concrete  albeit symbolic  move since its successful UN bid for statehood. Asia is Purchasing Nearly all of Irans Oil  Even as they cut their imports, China, India, S. Korea, and Japan account for nearly all of Iran's oil sales. As a Girl in India, I Learned to Be Afraid of Men Church of England lifts ban on gay bishops France's censorship demands to Twitter are more dangerous than 'hate speech'. Few ideas have done as much damage throughout history as empowering the government to criminalize opinions it dislikes Israeli fighting Assad 'can't go home'  
Arab Israeli who joined rebel forces in Syria says they burned his passport, refuse to allow him to leave 
Google concedes defeat in China censorship battle. 

US company quietly drops warning message that Chinese users saw when searching for politically sensitive phrases
 Mexican drug gangs dig into mining industry  The Zetas cartel, one of Mexico's most violent groups, has moved into coal mining as it's more lucrative than drugs Kenyan man butchers, feasts on 5yearold son Union flag protests Nine police officers hurt in fresh flag trouble. Police said more than 30 petrol bombs and other missiles were thrown as police dealt with serious public disorder in east Belfast. Unruly passenger taped to seat on Iceland Air flight Another Indian town council bans use of mobile phones by girls  excessive use of mobile for listening to music and talking to men led to crime against women.  Hong Kong dries thousands of shark fins on rooftops to avoid prying eyes of environmentalists.. Islamic Jihad vows to fight the Jews if they return to Egypt | Egypt Independent Burma Moustache Brothers keep on telling jokes after prison and torture. China gearing up for antisatellite test India's Supreme Court commutes death penalty for man who brutally killed 65yearold woman, raped and stabbed pregnant granddaughterinlaw  UK PM David Cameron warns he is ready to fight another war with Argentina to keep control of Falklands Temperatures in China have plunged to their lowest in almost three decades, cold enough to freeze coastal waters and trap 1,000 ships in ice Radioactive waste dumped into rivers during decontamination work in Fukushima  Cat Caught 'Sneaking' Drill Bits, Files, EarPhones, Phone & Charger Into Brazilian Prison Brazilian Girl selling her virginity to raise money for her bedridden mother, and highest bid currently stands at $35,000 Banana Republic Justice Behind The Scenes Of The Pirate Bay Trial Mass protests against government spread in Iraq   Pakistan mob mutilate and kills man for urning Quran' Syrian President Bashar alAssad made his first public appearance in months on Sunday, calling for a full national mobilization to fight against rebels he described as al Qaeda terrorists.  Honduran ambassador to Colombia sacked after wild party The father of an Indian student whose brutal rape provoked a global outcry said he wanted her name made public so she could be an inspiration to victims of sexual assault, a call that was quickly taken up by social media users and may pressure authorities to allow her identity to be revealed. Chinese anticorruption drive nets official with 47 mistresses Grard Depardieu meets Vladimir Putin and gets his Russian passport Oldest Swiss bank Wegelin to close after admitting aiding US tax evasion. Founded in 1741, Wegelin pleaded guilty in court to helping wealthy Americans hide their income in secret offshore accounts Somalia Faces Alarming Rise in Rapes of Women and Girls Indian Government going to recruit 2500 women police officers in Delhi, recommends that all other states bring up women police % up to 33% of police force. Female genital mutilation  unreported, ignored and unpunished | Independent.co.uk In yet another incident of the same police station, a woman was raped in 1976 and her case is also awaiting committal. Pamplona's locksmiths join revolt as banks throw families from their homes India 'kills Pakistani soldier in Kashmir' US troops arrive in Turkey to protect it from Syrian scuds as Rebels are posed to capture a key airport from Assad 'Malala survived  that is a big defeat. Now they want to kill many Malalas'  As the Pakistani schoolgirl leaves hospital in Britain, extremists continue their murderous campaign by turning their guns on health workers and teachers Why Japan Can't Compete With China  Tokyo officials are relying on retirees and aging ships to fill a temporary shortfall in coast guard manpower  a move that reveals the broader limits of Japan's capabilities. Pakistan says 1 dead in border clash with India  World  CBC News Mother Jailed For Murdering SevenYearOld Son, for failing to learn Koran The IMF Has Admitted Their Economists Were Wrong US drone strike kills 17 in Pakistan South Africa Women Drinking To Harm Babies Tweeter gets 2year jail term for criticizing Amir of Kuwait China blazes trail for 'clean' nuclear power from thorium Indian Politician Women should be just housewives Protesters in China call for press freedoms German Chancellor Angela Merkel deployments overseas 'will soon encompass the entire globe.' China's 'freedom of speech' standoff  Al Jazeera French film star Gerard Depardieu received a hug from President Vladimir Putin and a new Russian passport on Sunday after abandoning his homeland to avoid a new tax rate for millionaires.
| Reuters China's Growing Appetite for New Kinds of Luxury Goods Illegal Drugs BBC News The rapes that India forgot (yes, more distressing stories of justice not served, including rapes by the police, and rapists not charged with crimes) Chinese city fails to report huge toxic leak, cuts off water to 1 million  Handan, located in Hebei province, has seen its primary water supply cut off since Saturday afternoon. The Tax Man Takes Aim at World's Wealthy  Multinational corporations defend themselves by pointing out they're only taking advantage of international laws.  Italy's central bank Wed. suspended credit & debit card payments & cash withdrawals  in Vatican City. Australia's Mining Boom Creates Demand For Sex Workers  Israeli firm to design San Diego desalination plant  the largest of its kind in western hemisphere
 Thousands Stranded as Crews Battle Bushfires Tearing Across Tasmania  Some 100 people missing in out of control blazes.  Fires broke out in extreme heat Friday & thousands of residents & tourists remain stranded & without power. Syria President Bashar Assad makes clear he won't step down   In Asia, Ill Will Runs Deep The resentments between China and Japan predate World War II by centuries Chinese mayor apologizes for taking 5 days to report chemical leak that contaminated water Violent demonstrations injure dozens of police in Northern Ireland Morsi Expands Brotherhood Influence in Egyptian Cabinet The Greek island of old age British Army accused of 'wrongly punishing' 1,400 soldiers Poachers killed a family of 11 elephants in the biggest single mass shooting of the animals on record in Kenya. Australia's heatwave off the scale, the Bureau of Meteorology forced to add new colour to charts as dome of heat pushes 51C (123.8F)  Poachers are not only killing elephants, but also the park rangers who are trying to protect them. In a world first, McDonald's in Australia will temporarily rename some stores to what 55 percent of Australians now call the company 'Macca's' Gamers hired by father to 'kill' son in online games Anger online as Saudi in his 90s marries 15yearold In Bollywood films, men routinely chase and harass women. The message from Bollywood is almost always that if you harass a woman enough, no matter how often she says no, she'll ultimately say yes. Outrage as Indian guru blames Delhi rape victim A surprising map of the best and worst countries to be born into today Australia  Nation on high alert, over 100 fires in the state of New South Wales alone. Two Indian soldiers have been shot dead in the disputed Kashmir region between India and Pakistan, officials say. Archaeologists in Israel discover synagogue dating from time of Jesus  Students at North Korea's premier university have showed Google's executive chairman how they look for information online they Google it. Hunger Striking First Nations Chief Audited  Revealing Majority of $104M from Canadian government not properly accounted for  CBC News In Unprecedented Protest to State Censorship, Chinese Media Outlets Run Disclaimer Stating They Don't Support StateMandated Editorial Denouncing Southern Weekly Iran admits oil exports fall by 40 percent amid crippling Western sanctions Environmental activist creates a fake media release to wipe over $300 million worth of value from the stock of one of Australias biggest miners.  Syria crisis Food aid 'cannot reach a million people' Kim JongUn sends 2.2 pounds of sweets to every child in North Korea to mark his birthday. Fifteen year old girl repeatedly raped by her father and whose baby was murdered faces flogging for fornicating with another man in the Maldives. New Record for German Exports Expected for 2012 Despite Euro Crisis  SPIEGEL ONLINE After Outsourcing Boom, An 'Insourcing' Comeback?  NPR British Soldier Killed By 'Uniformed Afghan' Latest drone strike kills eight in northwest Pakistan Indonesia's Aceh province proposes new law banning female passengers from straddling on motorcycles, because women's curves are more visible Saudi ruling puts end to marriage between 90yearold man and his 15yearold bride A Chinese Web censor snaps, goes on public rant Police investigating murder on UK nuclear submarine horrified by tales of crew's binge drinking Military lasers becoming a reality Catholic Church in Germany drops sex abuse inquiry Former FBI agent missing in Iran photographed in Guantnamo jumpsuit   Australian wildfires are 'nearly uncontrollable'  'rated catastrophic' in some areas Japan Explores War Scenarios with China Siberia Is Thick With Wolves, and Hunters Are in Demand   Officials in the SakhaYakutia region of Siberia have gone so far as to declare a state of emergency to draw attention to the wolves eating livestock, including horses and reindeer. Report U.S. Spy Law Authorizes Mass Surveillance of European Citizens Guatemala builds private city for the wealthy to escape crime Havens Are Turning Hellish For Tax Avoiders Australia's devastating bushfires as seen from ISS! Short skirts, bad stars and chow mein why Indias women get raped West African lions on verge of extinction, report says  Conservation group LionAid says as few as 645 lions remain in the wild in western and central Africa
 Next week most Cubans will be able to travel freely for the first time in decades. But not its baseball starts. While many people in Aleppo still say they, too, want rid of Assad, the rebels' inability to bring order or to improve the miserable conditions of the city, an ancient jewel of the Arab world now ravaged by 21stcentury war, is losing them support. BBC News  The girls stolen from the streets of India Taiwanese linguist races to save dying language  Her eyes lit bright with concentration, Taiwanese linguist Sung Limay leans in expectantly as one of the planets last 10 speakers of the Kanakanavu language shares his hopes for the future. Man falls onto subway track in Canada, with sound of an oncoming train filling the station. Student jumps onto the tracks to try to lift him out of harm's way.... Indian soldier killed in Kashmir was beheaded A massive fire tore through a waterfront slum in Nigeria's megacity of Lagos on Tuesday, burning down dozens of shack workshops and homes. The only sirens heard came from convoys of police and soldiers roaring by guarding the nation's business and political elite. US could withdraw all Afghanistan troops  Healthcare managers in the Madrid region are resigning over plans to privatise part of the health service in and around the Spanish capital.  ExAbu Ghraib inmates get $5m settlement from US firm The world's population could actually start declining. ExCIA Analyst Finds Mysterious Chinese Complex on Google Earth German bishops cancel study into sexual abuse by priests, prompting the investigator to accuse them of trying to censor what was to be a major report on the scandals 'My goodness there's a snake on the wing' Snake spotted on a Qantas plane. McDonalds to give out books instead of toys in U.K Pakistan kiln laborers hemmed in by debts they can't repay  Brick makers and others live a life of indentured servitude known as bonded labor. They must borrow to live, and their debts pass on to their children when they die. Blind stroke victim tasered after a police officer mistook his white stick for a samurai sword Three Kurdish women activists have been found dead with gunshot wounds to the head in Paris, French media say, citing police sources After Bluefin Tuna Sells for 1m Conservationists Warn Species is Dying Out   Bluefin tuna are in danger of all but disappearing, according to a new report, despite a decade long fight to save the tiger of the seas. Half of all food 'thrown away' claims report Six prisons to be closed in England  with a new 'superprison' planned Indian gangrape victim blamed for attack by lawyer representing the offenders I never heard of a 'respected ladyeing raped in India  Canadians rush to save 11 trapped killer whales  CNN.com Up to half of the food produced in the world is wasted, according to a report by the UK's Institution of Mechanical Engineers The British Library releases the firstever audio guide to how Shakespeare should really sound Chinese animal rights group helps rescue bears from bile farm Locals seek help from Canadian gov as a dozens of killer whales become trapped under vast stretch of sea ice crowding desperately around a single small hole for air Tattooed composer in strong run for Czech presidency Calls Out to Change How South Korea Treats Mental Illness, Since its  Suicide Rate Remains Highest in Developed World  It's leading cause of death for people under  40  & it's an issue that's only gotten worse in recent years.

 Ancient Medicine in Roman Shipwreck  Round tin boxes in 2,000yrold ship off Tuscany held mix of zinc & beeswax likely used for eyes. Impressions in tablets suggest were wrapped in linen to prevent crumbling.   Finds include wine jars,  jugs, SyrianPalestinian glass bowls, Ephesian lamps. 3 Kurdish women shot dead in Paris U.N. wants to use drones for peacekeeping missions Australian Wildfires Clinging to Life, a Family Defies Wall of Flame  
Photograph likely to become one of the defining images of a disaster that has seen wildfires sweep southeastern Australia Saudi Arabia Beheads Young Sri Lankan Maid Millions of New Species of 'Killer Slugs' From Spain Set to Invade English Gardens  After worst year on record for slugs, it's about to get worse. Growing up to 5 in. long, they eat dead mice, dog mess & even each other. In Scandinavia, slugs eating road kill caused road hazard.  Saudi Arabia beheads young Sri Lankan maid, despite international campaign for clemency
 Pakistan also has a rape problem. Days after the Delhi gangrape victim died, 9yearold in Pakistan beaten and raped by three men. In Pakistan, however, no one is talking about it. China Sends Fighter Jets To Meet Japan's F15s In The East China Sea Brazil prostitutes are planning to learn English before 2014 World Cup. String of bombings kill 101, injure 200 in Pakistan
 Zambia has banned the hunting of lions and leopards because of the rapid decline in its numbers of big cats. Outrage over beheading of Sri Lankan woman by Saudi Arabia...she had not had access to lawyers during her pretrial interrogation during which she said she was assaulted and forced to sign a confession under duress...  CNN.com Most Russians and Pakistanis say they prefer a strong ruler over democracy. Pew asked people in seven countries whether they prefer democratic government or one with a strong leader. The latter choice was more popular in only two countries Pakistan and Russia. Pacific Bluefin Tuna Overfishing Has Led To 96 Percent Population Reduction, Study Says Trapped killer whales escape ice, reach safety, hunters say  thestar.com Irish Newspapers Want To Pass A Law That Would Allow Them To Charge Anyone Who Links To Their Articles What Happens When China Goes Gray?  Chinas pension system will have a U.S.$2.9 trillion gap between assets and liabilities by the end of 2013. By 2033 the gap is expected to reach U.S.$10.9 trillion, or 38.7% of GDP.  Native Canadians protesting against forced subsidies in a campaign known as 'idle no more' Japan's government has approved an economic stimulus package worth 10.3 trillion yen (72bn) in an attempt to fix its economic crisis. The gang of men charged with the rape and murder of an Indian physiotherapy student deliberately tried to find a woman to rape and kill and ended the night with blood on their clothes, a police report seen by Reuters said. Breakthrough in Saudi Arabia women allowed in parliament Killer whales escape as Canada's Hudson Bay ice shifts 8,500yearold human bones discovered in Istanbul (pics inside)  The candycolored steps of a staircase in Rio's bohemian neighborhood of Lapa were the life work of Chilean artist Jorge Selaron and a symbol of his adopted city. On this gray, rainy Thursday, they became his memorial. He was found dead on his masterpiece. Archaeologists Uncover Clues to Why Vikings Abandoned Greenland  UN calls for swift deployment of international troops to Mali Concerns about the only child practice in China have been expressed before. Now researchers present new evidence that these children are less trusting, less competitive, more pessimistic, less conscientious and more riskaverse than people born before the policy was implemented. Paralyzed woman loses first Irish righttodie case Hungarian Journalist Calls for Final Solution of Roma Issue  Mysterious structures in China are likely factories    NBC News Saudi King Abdullah appoints 30 women to the 150member Shura Council, a historic first France launches air strike in Mali France confirms Mali intervention. Canadian oil sands pollute nearby lakes. Report is blow to Keystone pipeline.  CSMonitor.com By 2050, the world population will comprise nearly 40 per cent Indians and Chinese compared to 5 per cent western Europeans Rare ground based photo of Hiroshima mushroom cloud rediscovered  good information on the immediate aftermath Beijing choked by pollution at dangerous levels Aboriginals stage protests across Canada   91 year old British crossword setting legend John Galbraith Graham (AKA Araucaria) uses crossword to announce that he's dying of cancer. Portraits of Albanian Women Who Have Lived Their Lives as Men French pilot killed in Mali helicopter raid, city of Konna retaken by government troops Spain Nuclear items intended for Iran nuclear program seized Bolivia scores coca leaf victory at UN A Trail of Bullet Casings Leads From Africas Wars to Iran A group of armstrafficking researchers worked for six years to locate the source of rifle and machinegun ammunition in regions of protracted conflict, and all roads lead back to Iran In the Time of Cholera  How the U.N. created an epidemic  then covered it up. Australia's 3rd largest city, Brisbane is apparently experiencing a snake plague! India Moves to Block Dolphin Shows, Citing Cruelty Until today I have not seen a single incident or example of rape with a respected lady, Manohar Lal Sharma said, according to the Bloomberg report. Even an underworld don would not like to touch a girl with respect. French troops help Mali retake captured town Japanese idol, a member of the girls group AKB48, accused of sexually abusing a child in her inappropriate nude photo. [LINK PHOTO NSFW] Somali fighters 'repel' French commandos Mujahideen fighters defeated the socalled commandos of the French government who tried to rescue a hostage, and they [the commandos] left the bodies of several of their own at the sit of the attack. Canadian mine company Nevsun Resources Ltd. is facing explosive allegations that it unwittingly allowed forced labour to be involved in building its flagship coppergold mine.  Spanish police arrested two men and seized the contents of a truck bound for Iran loaded with materials destined for use in the Islamic state's nuclear program, the Interior Ministry said on Friday. 'Mogadishu is like Manhattan' Somalis return home to accelerate progress as construction replaces chaos Pakistan mobilizes its army across the border. Cancels leave for all personnel.  Mexico City has emerged as an aspiring environmental model citizen in recent years as the leftleaning local government has introduced everything from barter markets for recyclables to bicyclesharing arrangements to zero emissions bus corridors.. And the air is cleaner. WalMart paid bribes as it sought to build in the shadow of one of Mexicos most revered cultural landmarks, the pyramids of Teotihuacn. Cuba opens the gates, hoping for a trickle, not a flood  Under a new policy that takes effect Monday, any Cuban with a valid passport will be able to leave the country.
 Roads melt, gas evaporates in Australia's unprecedented heat wave
 India police arrest 6 in new bus gangrape World's oldest woman, Koto Okubo, dies at age 115 in Japan | The Japan Times Online Goldman bonuses set to total $13bn Brits rate immigration as societys biggest issue A portable hard drive containing personal information of more than half a million people who received student loans has gone missing . . . Human Resources and Skills Development Canada says the device disappeared from an HRSDC office in Gatineau, Que., in early November [2012]. French drive back Mali Islamists  Here's What It's Like To Get An Abortion In An Increasingly Pious Turkey Israeli forces evict West Bank Palestinian outpost, despite Israels High Court preventing the government from doing so. Binyamin Netanyahu 'wasted $3bn on Iranian attack plan'. Israel's former prime minister Ehud Olmert accuses Israeli PM of preparing for war that never took place Kenya President Rejects Lavish Pay for Legislators Kenya's President has vetoed legislation in which members of parliament gave themselves a hefty sendoff package Beijing entombed in smog, airborne particles up to 800 micrograms, elderly women & children told to stay indoors France on alert for backlash as air assault on Mali rebels kills 100 UN urges global move to meat and dairyfree diet 
Lesser consumption of animal products is necessary to save the world from the worst impacts of climate change, UN report says Services Like Car and Bike Sharing Boost Global Sharing Economy  Barter Economy Matures from Niche to Trend Vatican Children should have mom, dad after Italy high court upholds custody for gay mother
 When Dad Lives In Jail A Soft New German Way For Kids To Visit Prisoner Parents Domestic violence single greatest cause of harm, says top Met police officer  18 killed in failed French raid to free Somalia hostage Thousands of Russians rally on Sunday in condemnation of the Russian Parliaments move to ban adoption of Russian children by American families Bolivians demand the right to chew coca leaves.  Lenins tomb should stay in Red Square, Putin says  German govt  unexpectedly offers Paris concrete support as French troops battle Islamist extremists in Mali   Though ruling out a combat role, Germany's military will provide transport & medical assistance. Man acquitted of rape and murder of a 9 year old girl, rapes and murders a 9yearold girl after being freed from jail Polio in India How the Country Beat the Disease  A sprawling country with a massive population pulled off one of the greatest publichealth coups in history Mass rape, amputations and killings  why families are fleeing terror in Mali  Denmark aids France in Mali conflict Air pollution in Beijing goes off the index, reaching levels 25 times as large as the acceptable level. Iran unable to get lifesaving drugs due to international sanctions. Western measures targeting Tehran's nuclear programme have impeded trade of medicines for illnesses such as cancer. Doctors euthanize Belgian twins who said they could not bear the thought of going blind Children and elderly people in Beijing are urged to stay indoors as instruments measuring pollution break all records. Japan Ups Defense of Disputed Islands  
Will deploy 3 more patrol ships to boost its defense of the Senkaku islands at the center of a territorial row with China Deaf twins who discovered they were going blind and would never see each other again are euthanized in Belgian hospital Decriminalise drugs, inquiry by crossparty peers says Egyptian man urinates into Eternal Flame in Russia's Volgograd  India's army chief turns up heat on Pakistan, says can retaliate Japan is breaking from economic orthodoxy with interesting results 'Shame on the scum!' 20,000 furious Russians march in protest of adoption ban for American parents Israeli premier says hell move ahead with Jewish settlement seen as blow to Palestinian state  Syrian refugees in Lebanon and Jordan are reporting gang rapes, other sexual violence as reasons for fleeing Syria, International Rescue Committee says. France receives help from U.S., Britain as it ramps up airstrikes against Islamic rebels in Mali Goldman Sachs will use a tax delay on bonuses for when the top tax rate falls. Delaying the bonuses cost the UK government  16 billion in 2010. Austria politician Strasser guilty in bribery trial Is WTO about to abandon dream of global free trade? French Widen Bombing Campaign, Hit Central Mali Mali crisis militants killed as French fighter jets pound rebel camps Beijing Authorities Starts Emergency Plan to Curb Emissions as Air Pollution Hits Record Level  Will shut down polluting manufacturers &  curb govt car use. 54 highemission manufacturers have been ordered to reduce 30% of their pollutant discharges. In China's capital, they're calling it the airpocalypse, with air pollution that's literally off the charts. The air has been classified as hazardous to human health for a fifth consecutive day, at its worst hitting pollution levels 25x that considered safe in the U.S. The crime of insulting someone through words or behaviour to be dropped in UK Chinas plainclothes police stuff man into unmarked van for speaking to reporters  After a young man offers his support for a censored newspaper, some plainclothes police swoop in to pack him away. Ontario will phase out coalfired power by 2014, making the Canadian province the first coalfree jurisdiction in North America How bad are the bad guys in Mali? The answer, in four powerful paragraphs. Bank robbers have made off with an unknown amount of loot after digging a 100foot tunnel into a Berlin bank from a nearby parking garage. To get into the building, they broke through two concrete walls. Pakistan Supreme Court Orders Arrest of Prime Minister Cleaning lady steals train and crashes into house Turkey's science state council halts publication of evolution books AlQaida carves out own country in Mali, using the bulldozers, earth movers and Caterpillar machines left behind by fleeing construction crews to dig what residents and local officials describe as an elaborate network of tunnels, trenches, shafts and ramparts. France has openned the gates of hell, say Mali rebels Rhino Poaching Death Toll Soars Across South Africa    668 rhinos lost their lives to poachers in 2012  up from 14 rhinos in 2005 & an increase of nearly 50% from the 448 rhinos poachers killed in 2011.  5 more rhinos were killed by poachers just since the beginning of this year.
 Nike accused of using military to intimidate workers  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Saudi clerics protest against appointing women to advisory body Egypt's  Ancient Heritage Under Immediate Threat  Dahshur archaeological site, home of 1st complete pyramid, is being plundered by armed vandals &  thieves.  Residents  invaded site next to Black Pyramid of King Amenemhat III.  Guards were unable to repel the them. UK won't let British veterans accept Russian medal Japan's new budget reverses austerity cuts, giving 570 billion to science and education including 20 billion for stem cell research An international conservation group on Tuesday urged Thailand to ban all ivory trading, warning that rising demand for tusks is fueling an unprecedented slaughter of elephants in Africa. France expected to more than triple Mali troop numbers Saudis defend Sri Lankan maid's execution, hit back at criticism  CNN.com Islamists vow to strike 'heart' of France  (France has attacked Islam. We will strike at the heart of France) The Afghan president said Monday that a meeting of the nation's elders should convene to decide whether U.S. troops staying in the country after 2014 would be immune from prosecution under Afghan law. U.N. Human Rights Chief Seeks Investigation of North Korea  the United Nations human rights chief called on Monday for an international inquiry into human rights offenses committed by the North Korean government over many decades Thousands of protesters in Moscow denounce adoption ban China Allows Media to Report on Air Pollution Crisis Insecticide 'unacceptable' danger to bees, report finds  Campaigners say the conclusion by the European Food Safety Authority is a 'death knell' for neonicotinoid pesticides Horse DNA has been found in some beef burgers in the Uk & Ireland supermarkets. Helicopter 'crashes into crane' in London 500,000 Breathing Masks Sold in China in Two Days 67yo Queensland woman banned from calling Emergency Services. Makes 1000 calls in 5 years. White House condemns antiSemitic speech by Egypt's Morsi that called Jews 'descendants of apes and pigs'

 52 killed after an air strike targets Aleppo University on the first day of exams Report says Germany will bring back $200 billion in gold reserves stored in US, France Pollution over Beijing as seen from space Germany's central bank is to bring back almost 700 tonnes of gold reserves it keeps in New York and Paris French boots on the ground in Mali  Direct combat within hours   Islamist militants attack BP facility in Algeria, kidnapping at least 8 foreigners, including English, Norwegian & Japanese nationals.
 Russia will resume a longdormant quest to explore the moon by sending an unmanned probe there in 2015 The right to a free education could be enshrined in the written constitution of an independent Scotland Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has assured religious groups they will have the freedom under a new rights bill to discriminate against homosexuals and others they deem sinners, according to the head of the Australian Christian Lobby. Saudi clerics protest kings move to empower women Dengue is the world's fastestspreading tropical disease and represents a pandemic threat, infecting an estimated 50 million people across all continents, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Wednesday. 638 Illegal Elephant Tusks Found at Kenyan Port 'Militant atheistlogger stabbed in Bangladesh  His blog has been one of the most visited webpages in Bangladesh and is known for its tirade against religions Indian caste councils praise families that carry out 'honour killings' Indian caste councils accused of encouraging the 'honour killing' of eloping young couples have praised families who murder their daughters as 'peace loving' and 'law abiding' Explosions kill 83 at Syrian university as exams begin
 Leaked US State Dept. memo says chemical weapons used in Syria  Quebec to proceed with Dying with Dignity legislation Elderly couple killed on Free State farm, South Africa All Nippon Airways Co is grounding all 17 of its Boeing 787 planes for inspection after one of its Dreamliners made an emergency landing in western Japan  Lucky prospector finds huge gold nugget 177 Oz/5.5kg (Australia) One of Russias biggest criminal bosses  call him the countrys Don Corleone  has been gunned down in the center of Moscow as he left his favorite hangout surrounded by bodyguards. Sniper kills Russian crime boss in Moscow Egyptian court sentences Christian family to 15 years for converting from Islam | Fox News Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan profits rise sharply Dozens of hostages killed in Algeria  Al Jazeera English Man locks up drunk cop in his own van. [South Africa] Mali a guide to the conflict
 Mexico Looks Forward to Hearing about Gun Control Laws in the US; As much as 70 percent of the weapons confiscated from Mexico's drug cartels come from the U.S. Do we have the right to be anonymous online?  Facebook vs Germany Former Australian PM writes about his 1996 gun reform U.S., Japan review defense guidelines amid tension with China The Gravest of Allegations Conflating Critique of Israel with AntiSemitism French Ground Troops In Combat in Central Mali Attackers kill, injure workers in Algeria; Americans held hostage Six reasons events in Mali matter Ecuadorian tribe gets reprieve from oil intrusion UK police accused of taking DNA of men convicted 30 years ago under nowdefunct gay sex law Israel can remove Palestinian protest tents court Italy Closes Consulate in Benghazi After New Attack Food prices may be catalyst for 2013 revolutions Jakarta floods leave hundreds of thousands homeless
 BBC News  Bombings in Iraq kill Shia pilgrims Next MadeinChina Boom College Graduates Is Tunisia headed towards democracy or sliding back into chaos? An indigenous community in the Ecuadorian Amazon has won a reprieve after building up an arsenal of spears, blowpipes, machetes and guns to fend off an expected intrusion by the army and a staterun oil company. French flags selling out in Mali's capital Normally, Malian attitudes towards France range from resentment to admiration. But when France launched a bombing campaign against Islamist rebels in central and northern Mali, French flags bloomed around the capital Bamako almost instantaneously US officially recognises Somalia's government In Kashmir, a nine year old ceasefire agreement between India and Pakistan is in danger of breaking down. We ignore it at our own peril. Japan to build world's largest offshore wind farm  this July Google to build 1bn UK headquarters at London's King's Cross Scientists modify HIV proteins; engineer them to protect against AIDS
 Canada is the first county in the world to launch a national standard for mental health in the workplace (xpost from r/canada) 
 Govts in Russia, Canada & Scandinavia claim they need to protect lesser species & habitats by killing wolves  while continuing their smash & grab raid on natural resources  Wolf killings are based on the most cynical of premises Movement of Missiles by North Korea Worries U.S.
American intelligence agencies have discovered mobile missile launchers carrying a new generation of powerful rocket  Hotel Mama Bad Economy Has Young Europeans at Home  

Young Europeans in countries hit hardest by the Continent's economic crisis are finding it difficult to move out of their parents' home. Data shows over 50% of those 2534 in some countries have yet to move out. Berlin Bank Heist Tunnel Pictures Released Anonymous Hacks Argentina Data Agency that is Known for Corruption and Lying about their Economy A US Navy minesweeper is stuck on a coral reef off the Philippines, in a Unesco heritage site, after running aground Investigating officer, probing Pakistan PM Raja Pervez Ashraf for graft, found dead Israels Netanyahu 'will not dismantle settlements' if reelected US asks Turkey, Jordan to secure chem weapons if Syria crisis worsens David Cameron has postponed a longawaited speech on Europe due to the hostage crisis in Algeria, saying the country should prepare for bad news. Some Hostages Killed, but Raid Rescues Many, Algeria Says Special Report China's military hawks take the offensive
| Reuters Parcel for Julian Assange is geotracked by artists China's planned rail spending tops $100billion for 2013 In Israel, tensions grow between ultraOrthodox and less strict Jews Jakarta Flooding 1/17/2013 Belgium plans artificial island to store wind power A leading Australian priest who sexually preyed on a disabled woman for 14 years has been allowed to return to preaching and running one of the nation's busiest churches. Crocodiles Killed by Zoo Visitors in China Because They Wanted to Make Sure They Were Alive  They hurled bottles, rubbish & stones, ignoring signs urging people not to disturb them The 100 richest people in the world earned enough last year to end extreme poverty four times over. Australian scientists may have found potential cure for AIDS Snowpocalypse Russia Snow 'tsunami' swallows streets, cars, buildings (PHOTOS)  650 hostages freed by Algerian special forces. Attempted armed assault on Turkish politician in Bulgaria AFP Sniper kills Jazeera reporter in Syria's Daraa TV Companies in China are mislabeling domestically made food products as halal imports from Islamic nations Belgium Wants to Build a DoughnutShaped Island to Store Energy   North Sea minister reveals nation's novel solution to preserving excess energy  build a doughnutshaped island a few miles off the coast that continually pumps water through its center Bolivian Lawmaker Caught Raping Unconscious Colleague In Thailand, a Broader Definition of Insulting Royalty  Court Jails Dissident For What People Thought He Would Have Said Japan finds high radiation levels in fish Spanish Partys ExTreasurer Had $29 Million in Swiss Account  NYTimes.com Rome's Colosseum cleaning reveals frescoes  as well as ancient graffiti and drawings of phallic symbols. Chinese spin doctors urged to spread 'positive energy' online  Chinese spindoctors have been instructed to stepup their online activities and tap into the socialmedia revolution to spread positive energy across the internet.  The director of the Bolshoi Ballet, Sergei Filin, suffers thirddegree burns from an acid attack Swedish cleaner not to blame for train crash Mali army 'regains Konna and Diabaly' from rebels As Tibet burns, China seizes TV's in Tibet crackdown Arrest of Sun's crime correspondent sends shockwaves through News International  South Sudan signs oil deal with Israeli companies Deutsche Bank announces it will continue investing in agricultural commodities  There was no evidence that speculation was responsible for price developments  Eleven hostagetakers have been killed as Algerian troops launched a final raid on a gas plant in the Sahara desert where foreign workers were being held captive, state news agency APS said. Snakes and Ladders Investment Banking on the Brink  For decades, investment bankers have held the key to untold riches  but now they're being laid off by the tens of thousands. As the crisis forces the industry to search for a new identity, is it ready to mend its ways? How to Catch Illegal Logging in the Amazon? Make a Trunk Call  Trees in Brazil being fitted with mobile phones.  Data is sent from sensors once logs are within 20 miles of a phone network so officials can stop sales. The system is run by Dutch company. Priest is planning to defy Vaticans orders to stay quiet. If I signed this, it would be a betrayal not only of myself but of my fellow priests and lay Catholics who want change. I refuse to be terrified into submission Oxford college sued over using 'selection by wealth' for admissions Canada Almost Dead Last on Environment  It produces more garbage per person than any other nation in study, twice as much garbage per capita as Japan, the best country in category. Ahead of only US & last place Australia on environmental performance Aaron Swartz Cannon Fodder in the War Against Internet Freedom  
Govts are determined to control the internet & if hackers like Swartz get in the way, they will be crushed A report about child sexual abuse in the Roman Catholic Church in Germany, based on victim accounts and released by the church this week, showed that priests carefully planned their assaults and frequently abused the same children repeatedly for years. Japan Confirms Dock on Washington Coast Is Tsunami Marine Debris An Islamic vigilante group has been confronting people in a London suburb asking women to cover up and to give up alcohol claiming they were living an 'unclean life' Residents in the northern Malian town of Gao on Saturday lynched a prominent Islamist leader in retaliation for the killing of a local journalist Foreigners Now Permitted to Carry Mobile Phones in North Korea Guatemala's president 'My country bears the scars from the war on drugs' 140 nations agree on legally binding rules to curb mercury pollution Antarctic cruise ship takes 50hour detour to rescue French sailor Alain Delord, who was attempting a solo roundtheworld voyage, off Tasmania Antipoaching drones to take off in Africa Sophie Schmidt's (ExGoogle CEO Eric Schmidt's daughter) photo and text impressions of their recent visit to North Korea. Call off war on drugs, leader of Guatemala tells the west President Otto Prez Molina says regulated narcotics market must be introduced to forestall threat to democracy from drug cartels Mexico Over 150 police in Durango state arrested on suspicion of organized crime links Antiracism protesters rally in Athens after Pakistani stabbed Japan warns China over 'airspace violations'  Deutsche Bank will continue to gamble on food products There is no correlation to world hunger. Investigation Shows Spanish Ruling Partys ExTreasurer Had $29 Million in Swiss Account 
A load of Thunderballs A shocking UK ruling (let's call it the 007 standard) gives undercover police licence to break hearts. It's the hacking of people's lives
 Stopping Child Labor There's an app for that  
A smartphone app in Colombia uses crowdsourcing to document and fight child labor. Whenever users see a child working they can take a picture, log the location, & the app sends it to Colombia's child welfare agency. Japan defends right to fire warning shots as territory dispute with China heats up
 70YrOld Lard Washes Up on Scottish Beach  Oceansoaked baked goods from 1940s seem to have come from a WWII merchant vessel. Barrels they were in rotted away, leaving lard pieces still bright white.  They  smelled good enough to have a fry up with.  Lard appeared on this beach in '40s & '60s. Google Earth puts North Korea labour camps on the map  RT News Russia moves to enact antigay law nationwide The Swiss turn on the superrich An investigation by the BBC has revealed that Thai officials have been selling boat people from Burma to human traffickers. Ugandan soldiers have killed one of Kony's bodyguards, believed to be in charge of child abductions. Japans finance minister Taro Aso say the elderly should be allowed to hurry up and die instead of costing the government money for endoflife medical care Neutral Austria votes to keep military draft  60 percent voted in favour of maintaining the draft, which is seen as binding civil society to the military and instilling a sense of citizenship in young men. China has accused the US Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, of presenting a distorted picture of its dispute with Japan over islands in the East China Sea. China's buying a fleet of Russian bombers perfect for taking on the US Navy An Australian scientist has said he discovered how to turn HIV against itself to stop it progressing to AIDS French, Mali Troops Retake Islamist Towns  They've recaptured the Malian towns of Diabaly & Douentza from Islamist fighters US Navy ship 'ignored reef warnings' Iran resorts to hangings in public to cut crime Three bottles of rare, 19th century Scotch found beneath the floor boards of Antarctic explorer Ernest Shackelton's  Germany's Pirate Party Suffers Massive Setback in Lower Saxony State Election Vatican's demand for silence is too high a price  Fr Tony Flannery Fracking 'will ruin Bath's spa waters' | UK Is Britain guilty of systemic torture in Iraq? 2nd Tibetan selfimmolates in China in a week Revolutionary Japan is suddenly the centre of world affairs  Telegraph Evidence Of Life On Mars May Be Underground... Known cases of the Guinea Worm tropical disease drop to 542, down from a high of 3.2 million 25 years ago Algeria crisis Hostage death toll 'rises to 48' Shark Attack British holidaymaker jumps into sea in Australia to drag thrashing beast away from children by its tail.


 Youth expelled from Montreal college after finding security flaw A new asteroidmining company, Deep Space Industries, Inc., launches Tuesday with the goal of helping humanity expand across the solar system by tapping the vast riches of space rocks.  It plans to launch a fleet of prospecting spacecraft in 2015. Canadian student whistleblower tells his college about massive security breach in their system, gets expelled. The Vatican built a secret property empire using Mussolini's millions Population Bomb scientist Nobody has the right to as many children as they want Immigrants Are Being Stabbed to Death on the Streets of Athens | VICE Air cadets rewrite their oath to remove God from pledge One of the UK's largest and most respected youth organisations, the Air Cadet Organisation, will no longer compel its new members to take a religious oath Chinas Water Pollution Crisis  According to one report, up to 40 percent of Chinas rivers were seriously polluted and 20 percent were so polluted their water quality was rated too toxic even to come into contact with. Irish council has voted to back a motion allowing for people living in rural areas to drink and drive India warns Kashmiris of possible nuclear attack The cost of solar energy has dropped below the cost of diesel generation worldwide for communities living away from the electricity grid, according to the International Renewable Energy Agency Prince Harry I've killed in Afghanistan. But Dad wants me to act like a prince
 Japan threatens to fire at chinese fighters  Chinese military officer has raised the spectre of nuclear weapons and warned Australia not to side with the United States and Japan as a territorial dispute in the East China Sea continues to escalate.
 Not a Fake Headline France Mad at United States for Not Vigorously Supporting an Intervention Gambia Gov't Announces FourDay Working Week  Fridays will henceforth become rest and prayer days alongside Saturdays and Sundays In Mexico, citizens take on gang violence themselves. A 56 year old British Grandmother has been sentenced to death in Indonesia for drugtrafficking $2.6 Million worth of Cocaine Turkey Nine Human Rights Lawyers Imprisoned Are Animals Near Chernobyl Mutating or Thriving? Russia to evacuate citizens from Syria Huge gas leak creates rotten egg small across France and the UK. ''The trafficking of young children, especially girls, under the garb of placement agencies, is the biggest organised crime in India today,'' said Bhuwan Ribhu Polio virus found in Egypt linked to Pakistan Russia pushes forward with controversial antigay legislation that would outlaw homosexual propaganda' Bank of Denmark to charge customers fee for having account to increase profits; receives fierce critisism $20 trillion oil basin discovered in Australia set to turn the country from importer to mass exporter. London 'Muslim Patrol' members arrested for homophobic public harrassment Road tunnel in Norway to stay shut for several weeks after 27 tonnes of cheese catches fire An official says Nepal's government will begin issuing citizenship certificates with the category 'third gender' for people who do not wish to be identified as male or female. Single and Over 27 What the Chinese Government Calls Leftover Women Princess Bride quote intimidates passengers on a flight to New Zealand.  In other news, Inigo Montoya added to the terrorist watch list. Despite win, Netanyahu loses big in Israel election. Israel's next coalition government will likely be significantly less beholden to rightwing hardliners than the current one. Magazine editor jailed for 11 years for defaming Thai king  King of Thailand had previously said that he did not object to criticism. Morocco to Change Law Allowing 'Rape Marriage'  
Women's rights activists are welcoming a proposal by the justice minister to change a law that allows rapists to escape prosecution if they marry their underage victim Chinese Workers Take Japanese Bosses Hostage To Protest 2Minute Limit On Bathroom Breaks Canadian oil company fined millions for bribing African officials. Man survives falling from Siberian train and running 4 miles in 40C, wearing just a Tshirt, shorts and slippers Two million people of working age have left Britain over the last decade in a drain of talent. Mali's musicians defiant in face of music ban by Islamists  they sing Song for Peace. Take a listen.  Selfish, ignorant, dangerous Europe's verdict on Cameron speech Nepal introduces transgender category on ID cards Iran authorities step up political surveillance, ordering coffee shops to install cameras to monitor customers  Top Japanese Official Urges Elderly to Hurry Up and Die  Famous Bridge in India is in Danger of Coming Down...Because of Spit Primed and Ready Huge Pentagon BunkerBuster Gets Green Light For Possible Iran Mission  Spain has long been disconnected from the highspeed rail network that crisscrosses Europe. But no longer. A new line connecting Madrid, Barcelona and Paris opened last week. For Rape Victims in India, Police Are Often Part of the Problem New Zealand environmentalist wants all cats in the country to be banned, to save the birds Suicide bomber kills 22 inside Iraqi Shi'ite mosque Syria builds paramilitary force aided by Iran, NGO says Two former Scientology members sue church claiming it 'duped' people into donating  millions to misrepresented causes Don't buy South African wines striking workers' plea to foreign consumers A renegade band of Solomon Islanders is responsible for the slaughter this week of about 900 bottlenose dolphins, says a group that was paying for the killing to stop. Villagers claim they were promised $2.4 million and only received $700,000. The rise in drug resistant infections is comparable to the threat of global warming, according to the chief medical officer for England. Spain unemployment rate hit a record youth rate at 55% A growing number of university students in Toronto are looking for sugar daddies to help pay down their tuition fees and living expenses, says the founder of a U.S. website that helps them do just that. 
George Soros backs Guatemalan president's call to end war on drugs says the war on drugs had endangered political stability and security in many countries
 The filmmaker Roger Ross Williams reveals how money donated by American evangelicals helps to finance a violent antigay movement in Uganda. Catalonia declares itself a sovereign entity The UN is launching an inquiry into the impact on civilians of drone strikes and other targeted killings. Twentyfive attacks will be examined  in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Yemen, the Palestinian territories and Somalia. UK Firearms offences are 40 per cent down in less than a decade On a daily basis, groups of heavily armed men attack local officials, police, soldiers, teachers and any Muslim they believe is not adhering strictly enough to Islamic values Islamist terrorism worsening in Thailand 15,000 crocodiles escape from South African farm   Telegraph Palestinians threaten to take Israel to ICC  Middle East  Al Jazeera English German Supreme Court defines internet access as 'minimum subsistence means' UBS study heralds age of unsubsidized, profitable solar Purely based on economics, we believe almost every family home and every commercial rooftop in Germany, Italy and Spain should be equipped with a solar system by the end of this decade. Three Canadians Missing in Antarctica Witchcraft claims against children in Congo DRC reflect curse of poverty. Sorcery charges are increasingly being used by povertystricken Congolese families as an excuse to abandon their children Burger King has said says it is no longer sourcing food from an Irish supplier linked to horsemeat. North Korea to target U.S. with nuclear, rocket tests
 The Moroccan government has said it plans to change a law that allows rapists to avoid charges if they marry their victims. The move comes nearly a year after 16yearold girl committed suicide after being forced to marry her alleged rapist. Chinas latest restriction for Tibetans no passports 
How Britain Enthusiastically Teamed Up with Bush's Horrific Torture and Rendition Agenda $20 trillion valuation of Australian oil greatly exaggerated, says the company that holds the exploration permits.  Antibioticresistant diseases pose 'apocalyptic' threat. Game to destroy CCTV cameras vandalism or valid protest? Activists in Berlin are teaming up to trash surveillance cameras. Points are given, with bonus scores for the most innovative modes of destruction Prime Minister David Cameron calls for a worldwide crackdown on big companies that avoid paying taxes. A German court ruled on Thursday that people have the right to claim compensation from service providers if their Internet access is disrupted, because the Internet is an essential part of life. A group of Delhi women have decided the best way to make sure women are safe is to create a special cab service just for them. Women drive the cabs and only pick up women passengers.  The Economist's hilarious article on why Saudi Arabias morality police shut down a dinosaur exhibit Kim Dotcom wants to encrypt half of the Internet to end government surveillance. Egyptian protesters torch Muslim Brotherhood HQ in Ismailia London hailed as one of the safest cities on the planet after murder rate hits 42 year low (99 murders last year in a city with a population of 8m). The Catholic church in the Philippines has declared war on birth control following a landmark legislation that has come into effect, effectively making sex education and contraception more widely available Sri Lanka to stop sending housemaids to Saudi Arabia after beheading China media threatens North Korea aid cut over atomic test Al Qaeda Commander Killed for the Third Time
 Pacific Bluefin Tuna Population Down 96%  Fishermen from Japan, Mexico, South Korea & US fish Pacific bluefin, but about 80% are consumed in Japan. Despite  finding, countries are still fishing for this tuna in its only known spawning & nursery areas in the western Pacific Ocean.

 Honduras Can't Pay its Bills  Street surveillance cameras in 1 of  world's most dangerous cities  turned off cause govt hasn't paid millions it owes. Police radio threatened to be suspended. Teachers protest cause not paid in 6 mos, while doctors complain of no  gauze & needles. Indian women given kitchen knives, chili to fend off rapists The Shiv Sena party, an ally of the main opposition BJP, said it had handed out 21,000 knives with threeinch blades to women in the city and surrounding areas and plans to distribute 100,000.  Coronal Mass Ejection Headed for Earth 21yearold jailed for dumping pig's head at mosque Cuba gets highspeed internet Major oil discovery off Northern Ireland coast
 A French court has ordered Twitter to hand over details of users who spread antiSemitic messages, months after offensive tweets were removed. US and China come together over defiant North Korea
 Argentine Navy destroyer, Falklands Island conflict veteran, Rolls over and sinks at the dock due to neglect. Army and police called in as 15,000 crocodiles flee South African farm India Shiv Sena party gives knives to women for protection. South Korean prosecutors have detained and charged a Korean American with the illegal transfer of a staggering 1.09 trillion won ($1.02 billion) in Iranian money frozen in South Korea under international sanctions Hundreds of students march in Indian capital to demand strict laws to protect women Child labour uncovered in Apple's supply chain A Black Bloc Emerges in EgyptWearing black masks and waving black banners, it warned the Muslim Brotherhood of using its military wing to put down protests. Russia's Vladimir Putin says West is fomenting jihadi lowback' Swedish ISP hits back over TV licence fees  A Swedish ISP outraged by the prospect of computer and iPad owners being forced to pay TV licence fees is offering clients a TV Stopper to block online content from state broadcaster SVT. United Nations Launches Investigation Into U.S. Drone Program UK government unveils gay marriage bill Czechs outraged over proposal to make water cheaper than beer. Germany Plans To Deploy Armed Drones in Combat Abroad  SPIEGEL ONLINE Zeman wins Czech presidency The euro hit an 11month high and global equity markets advanced on Friday on signs of a healthier European financial system and a brighter outlook for Germany, while U.S. stocks extended a rally to an eighth day, their best run since late 2004 The Biggest Housing Bubble in the World Is in ... Canada? Majority of British citizens want to leave the EU. Top climate scientist denounces billionaires over funding for climatesceptic organisations
 Wreckage of missing plane found in Antarctica Russian Parliament Passes AntiGay Law in First Reading  The bill was supported by 338 deputies, with only one lawmaker opposing it and one abstaining Deutsche Bank trader loses $34m bonuses over Libor scandal Attackers blow up main oil pipeline in Yemen, forcing the country to shut down one of its most lucrative sources of income Iceland's president dismisses EU common fisheries policy as colossal failure Egypt At least 22 people have been killed in clashes after 21 men were sentenced to death for football violence in which 74 people died Mali FrenchLed Soldiers in Control of Gao Airport  Both Gao's airport & the strategic Wabary bridge have been secured, though fighting continues in the town.  Gao, along with Kidal & Timbuktu, were seized by an alliance of Tuareg rebels & Islamists last April.

 New B.C. telescope to make massive 3D map of universe Polish parliament rejects efforts to legalize gay unions Egyptian protest clashes leave 4 dead, at least 370 injured  Rallies mark 2 years since revolution toppled Hosni Mubarak Who can fly drones in UK airspace missile manufacturer, police forces and golf video company among more than 130 groups licensed to use technology In New Zealand, the number of Facebook users has stayed the same over the last 3 months. 1315 years olds are leaving at the same rate as their parents are joining At least 90 people were killed in a nightclub fire caused by a pyrotechnics show in southern Brazil Nicholas Stern 'I got it wrong on climate change  it's far, far worse' Israel admits Ethiopian women were given birth control shots Death toll in Brazilian nightclub fire is now at least 220. Iran unveils machine for amputating thieves fingers | The Observers Poland's investigation into secret CIA prisons loses steam Sir David Attenborough Humans are a plague. Drugresistant infections could pose apocalyptic scenario, medical experts warn Glasgow to be UK's 1st 'Smart City'  It has quite extreme challenges  it has the lowest life expectancy of any city in the UK   & the hope is  if we bring together energy, transport, public safety & health it'll be  a better place to live.  It won 24 million  from  Technology Strategy Board . Environment Canada warns alleged polluters, instead of prosecuting them Berlusconi defends Mussolini for backing Hitler Official Hints Israel Has Shelved Its Plan for Attack on Iran Great Barrier Reef at Great Risk From Coal  The big mama of all reefs under siege by fossil fuel development pushed by recently elected conservative Queensland state govt. UNESCO  threatens to strip the reef of its World Heritage Site status  if  more isn't done to protect it. Egyptian Judge sentences 21 to death after riot kills 74 Brazil Nightclub Fire Kills at Least 90   A band's pyrotechnics show caused the fire. Some 2,000 people were in the nightclub when it broke out.  Archeologists revise image of ancient Celts | Culture | DW.DE  The allfemale militias of Syria French Capture Strategic Airport in Move to Retake North Mali Satellite photos suggest that North Korea is ready for a nuclear test Israel vows Syria strike at any sign of chemical arms transfer Why Clothes Might Not Be Made in China Much Longer Poland Source of Horsemeat in UK Beefburgers Scandal  
Irish govt says raw material imported from Poland had up to 20% horse DNA.  Irish food & agriculture minister says he's sure Poland was the source of the contamination.  France orders Twitter to identify racist users Tepco plans to dump cleaned Fukushima No. 1 water Mali rebels fleeing Timbuktu burn library full of ancient manuscripts A Father in North Korea is reported to have been executed by firing squad after murdering his two children to eat them during a hidden famine that may have killed more than 10,000 people last year. Iceland wins controversial Icesave case at European court Timbuktu Mayor Says Islamists Burned Texts  
Extremists  torch library containing historic manuscripts in Timbuktu as French & Malian forces close in on the desert city.   They torched all the important ancient manuscripts. The ancient books of geography & science. Want to become a British citizen? Better swot up on Monty Python  New citizenship test will quiz people on all aspects of British life including comedy, music, history and science
 Israel gave birth control to Ethiopian Jews without their consent Wind power has surpassed nuclear power to become China's third largest energy resource 18yr old Australian man survives for nine weeks in bushland, in Summer, during 45 degree heatwave. Massive Explosion Traps 200+ Workers At Nuclear Facility In Iran; Denied By Iran WikiLeaks movie script apparently leaked to WikiLeaks Google faces legal action over alleged secret iPhone tracking 10 million UK iPhone users could have grounds to sue Google after it sidestepped Apple security settings to monitor web habits Britain's Economy Is a Disaster and Nobody Is Entirely Sure Why  Matthew O'Brien  The Atlantic Egypt unrest Morsi declares emergency in Port Said North Korea Sanctions by South would be 'declaration of war'  World News Doctors risk murder and torture for treating the wounded in Syrias civil war  Security precautions they take are extraordinary. Doctors use false names, even with each other. Carrying medical equipment is a risk and getting caught with a stethoscope at a checkpoint could mean death or detention Iran 'sends monkey into space' Liberated Malians celebrate, Frenchled forces clear Timbuktu Libor Scandal widens into Asian markets Iran arrests 11 journalists accused of cooperation with foreignbased media outlets Cow smuggling ... it's how Bangladesh gets its beef  Beef is a delicacy in Bangladesh, but Hindumajority India refuses to sell their sacred cows. The demand is so high, however, that a dangerous $920 million cow smuggling trade has popped up.   Paratroopers trained by special forces based in Canada were behind a failed countercoup in Mali last year to bring back a democratically elected government, but many have since been hunted down and killed by the countrys military. Ariel Sharon showing brain activity seven years into coma UK Government Romanian or Bulgarian? You won't like it here! Toyota reclaims world's top vehicle maker title Widening Gap Between Rich and Poor Threatens to Swallow Us All World Economic Forum in Davos    Global Risk report identifies growing inequality for the 2nd year as one of the biggest potential challenges the world is facing. Google unveils detailed map of North Korea Libor Lies Revealed in Rigging of $300 Trillion Benchmark  The benchmark rate for more than $300 trillion of contracts was based on honesty. New evidence in banking's biggest scandal shows traders took it as a license to cheat.  Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands to announce abdication Israel a NoShow at Its UN Rights Review There is currently a Canadawide outage of the entire Visa credit card network. Surfer breaks world record by riding an enormous 100foot wave. Sword gang were like a pack of dogs as they stabbed 16yearold to death in central London  Telegraph Man sells canned fresh air in China. Welcome to yuppie capitalism, comrades. Tortoise 'survives in locked store room for 30 years' Melbourne pushes for world's toughest smoking ban that would prevent lighting up in all public spaces as part of a proposal to make the city healthier and more attractive to visitors Men are MUCH more likely to commit suicide by a wide margin. Hundreds of British troops will be deployed to Mali We cannot let states fail because we know from recent history that failed states just lead to really difficult circumstances, instability 'Dozens of bodies' found in Syria Syrian Rebels and Activist findThe bodies of dozens of young men, all apparently summarily executed Poison suspected in deaths of 10 endangered pygmy elephants in Borneo Stepgrandchildren of infamous Nazi propaganda boss Joseph Goebbels are hidden billionaires Iran sentences U.S. pastor to 8 years in prison for for his religious beliefs Growing number of dreadlocked people have had their hair stolen in Johannesburg the past few months. NoGo Zones Map Will Detail Germany's NeoNazi Hotspots. A German nonprofit organization is set to launch an interactive map that will show where neoNazi activities are concentrated across the country. AntiGay Bill German Foreign Minister Criticizes Russian Legislation    Moscow is seeking to make homosexual propaganda a prosecutable offense. But Germany's foreign minister  warns Russia's ambassador  it could aggravate EuropeanRussian relations. Niger gives green light to U.S. drone deployment Niger has given permission for U.S. surveillance drones to be stationed on its territory to improve intelligence on al Qaedalinked Islamist fighters in northern Mali and the wider Sahara, a senior government source said. Canadian mining firm allowed use of forced labour at African mine Large arms shipment intercepted off Yemen, Iran eyed as source
| Reuters 100yearold greatgrandfather has spent 34 years working for same firm after becoming bored with retirement
 One Billion Rising 'It's like a feminist tsunami' Moody's downgrades six Canadian banks France to deport radical Muslim clerics Julian Assange to run for a seat in the Australian Senate Senior British rabbi filmed telling alleged child abuse victim not to go to the police  S. Korea's space rocket launch apparently successful.  Becomes the 13th country to reach space from their own soil. | YONHAP NEWS France to deport 'radical foreign imams'   
France's interior minister says the move is part of a fight against global jihadism.  Most of Timbuktu's Ahmed Baba Institute's manuscripts saved, according to locals. Beijing cancels flights as pollution hits beyond index levels S. African billionaire to give away half his money  Payback time in Mali Residents hunting down and beating suspected Islamist extremists in newly liberated town Dutch Court Rejects Most of Shell Spill Case  Judges  rejected most of a landmark case brought by Nigerian farmers against Royal Dutch Shell for poisoning their fish ponds & farmland with leaking pipelines. Israeli forces have attacked a target on the SyrianLebanese border Reports of heavy presence of Israeli jets over Lebanon territory SecretaryGeneral of the United Nations says the situation in Syria is catastrophic I appeal to all sides, and particularly the Syrian government, to stop the killing... in the name of humanity, stop the killing, stop the violence Germany is marking the 80th anniversary of Adolf Hitler's rise to power with a solemn ceremony at a memorial site in what was the heart of Nazi Berlin. Shamil Jeppie, the Timbuktu Manuscripts Project director at the University of Cape Town, said that more than 90% of the 300,000 manuscripts said to be in the region were safe. A man is facing animal cruelty charges after 155 dead cats were found in an apartment in Windsor, Ont. Zimbabwe has just $217 in the bank Russia Pulls Out of US Drugs Agreement  The decadeold drug control deal does not address today's realities & has exhausted its potential.
It's seen by some as the latest sign of a deterioration in ties since President Putin's return to the Kremlin.   An innovative college for homeless people in London is attracting hundreds of students British internet users' personal information on major 'cloud' storage services can be spied upon routinely by US authorities Egypt State on Brink of Collapse. Chinese Love for Himalayan Viagra Causing Shortage From OverHarvesting & Threatening Ecological Damage   Worlds most expensive medicinal fungus is in serious decline. It's  a symbol of wealth & power in China, & as  its economy booms, the fungus is enjoying unprecedented popularity.  Gay chocolatiers forced out of remote Scottish village     driven out after suffering a decade of homophobic and antiEnglish abuse. Mexico raids alleged sex slavery cult on border, detains 14 foreigners, including 6 Spaniards Family finds pet tortoise that was missing for 30 years as they clean out dead father's storeroom In China, Beware A Camera May be Watching You  
There are an estimated 2030 million surveillance cameras in China  or 1 for every 43 people. Officials say the cameras help fight crime & maintain social stability. But critics say they're used to monitor & intimidate dissidents. Syrian state TV has confirmed that Israeli warplanes bombed a military research centre northwest of the capital, Damascus. S. Korea Measles Free in 2012 with 98% vaccination rate U.S. official confirms Israel behind attack on SyriaLebanon border Smog 'Airmageddon' Chokes China  All week in Beijing, in offices & homes, in lifts & shops, restaurants, taxis & buses, 1 topic dominates conversation   foul air.  Walking out into streets is like plunging into a swirling soup. The pollution swathes the city, wreathing everything in grey.  Colombia plans to decriminalise ecstasy in a bid to battle the nation's rampant drug problems Timbuktu Manuscripts Apparently Escaped Burning   In contrast to horrific reports from Timbuktu earlier this week, an important library of medieval texts is still standing, and many manuscripts are thought to have survived the hasty retreat of Islamic militants  A 15yearold Icelandic girl has been granted the right to legally use the name given (Blaer), despite the opposition of authorities and Iceland's strict law on names. The decision overturns an earlier rejection by Icelandic authorities who declared it was not a proper feminine name.   UN inquiry says Israel must end settlements  A 224footlong U.S. warship will have to be cut into smaller pieces to get it off a Philippine reef where it grounded two weeks ago, Navy officials . . . They said that's the only way to prevent further damage to the Tubbataha Reef, a Philippine national park and UNESCO World Heritage site Syria threatens to retaliate for Israeli airstrike  Syria threatened Thursday to retaliate for an Israeli airstrike and its ally Iran said there will be repercussions for the Jewish state over the attack. Myanmar police used white phosphorus, a munition normally reserved for warfare, to disperse protesters demonstrating against government efforts to relocate villagers. U.S. braces for North Korean nuclear test 'at any time' Suspected Poacher Shot Dead on  Private Ranch After Fierce Gun Battle With Kenya Wildlife Service Rangers4th killed this weekHunt for 5 accomplices  is underway. Translators are in demand in courts to make Chinese & Vietnamese wildlife defendants intelligible to the English & Swahili speakers.
 Hackers in China Attacked The New York Times for Last 4 Months
 French forces enter last urban Islamist stronghold   Days after capturing Gao and Timbuktu, French forces entered Kidal  the last northern Malian city under rebel control  encountering no resistance amid reports that Islamist fighters had already fled the city.  Swedish court convicts man for Hitler salute  The Local President Vladimir Putin hires Boys II Men for concert to promote fertility China to Boost Solar Power Goal 67% as Smog Envelops Beijing Will Syria Bleed Hezbollah Dry? Leading privacy expert Caspar Bowden has warned Europeans using US cloud services that their data could be snooped on. Israeli fighter jets targeted a military research center near Damascus early on Wednesday morning, Syrian state news agency SANA said citing army officials. Pakistan's secret service gave half a million Rupees (about $5,000)  to man who beheaded Indian soldier last month. Syrian state news agency says Israeli warplanes bombed military site near Damascus Syria Confirms Israeli Airstrike Outside Damascus Many financial institutions and multinational organizations view speculating on food commodities as a dangerous game and a contributor to global hunger. Despite its bruised reputation, Deutsche Bank is leaping back into the business. Recent pictures from warridden Damascus by Reuter's photographer Goran Tomasevic | The Atlantic Japanese whalers ordered out of Australian waters  ABC News 4 at Once Volcano Quartet Erupts on Kamchatka  A unique show is taking place on Kamchatka these days 4 separate but nearby volcanoes are erupting simultaneously on the Russian peninsula. A Moscow film crew has produced an aweinspiring 360degree video of the natural fireworks.

 Nunavut man who fired a semiautomatic rifle at five home intruders, killing three, has murder convictions overturned Explosion in front of U.S. Embassy in Ankara, Turkey. Several people wounded Iceland Kicked Out FBI Agents Who Flew in Unannounced to Investigate WikiLeaks David Attenborough reveals his choice of successor Professor Brian Cox 18 yearold Jamaican born footballer Raheem Sterling uses new contract with Liverpool FC to pay for Jamaican kids to go to school. HRW Worst year for human rights in Russia since the USSR collapsed Syria 420,000 people in Homs are in desperate need of humanitarian aid says UN Peak Oil solved, but climate will fry BP report Mali Is Not a Stan When it comes to covering Africa's latest conflict, it's suddenly amateur hour. The French are winning handily in Mali. Mexico City 'Explosion' at Pemex, state oil giant. Prisoners in Brazilian jail get four days off their sentence for every book they read. Explosion outside USA embassy in Turkey Irish the forgotten white slaves says expert John Martin | Irish News | IrishCentral UN calls on Israel to remove over 500,000 settlers Air Pollution in New Delhi Was Much Worse Than Beijing Thursday, But  Indian Government Is Not Acting. Syria Says It Has Right to Counterattack Israel A Russian judge who decided to spend his vacation  as a war correspondent in Syria was shot in the face UK sperm donors win the legal right to apply for regular contact with their biological children following a landmark High Court ruling. A truck carrying fireworks has exploded on a highway in central China, causing part of a bridge to collapse. 26 people may have been killed. 14 killed, 100 injured in blast at Mexican state oil company offices in Mexico City Pakistan bomb 21 die in Hangu Shia suicide attack London woman left disfigured by shocking random acid attack by mystery woman in niqab as she walked home from work at Victoria's Secret  French General Assembly votes to make samesex marriage legal After 8 days of protests that killed nearly 60 people, a video of one demonstrator stripped naked, dragged across the ground and beaten with truncheons by helmeted riot police has fired Egyptians to a new level of outrage. Ghana Gays have rights and I will protect them  Oye Lithur Iceland refused to help FBI on WikiLeaks. Minister says, I demanded that Icelandic police cease all cooperation (with FBI) and made it clear that people interviewed or interrogated in Iceland should be interrogated by Icelandic police. Egypt President Morsi aide claims Holocaust was US hoax and 6m 'dead' Jews simply moved to America  | Mail Online Egyptians work to reclaim a Tahrir tainted by sexual assault  

Tahrir square has become a terrifying place for women as sexual assault becomes more common and violent. Fed up, civilians are making it their job to prevent it and rescue women from attacks. Missing Irish millionaire found after eight months with thief reportedly carved into his forehead 'Traces of pork DNA' found in Halal prison meat Russian judge fired after falling asleep in court, then giving defendant a 5year sentence Greeces neofascists are on the rise... and now theyre going into schools How Golden Dawn is nurturing the next generation  Stalingrad gets its name back for a day  The Russian city of Volgograd has approved the use of its wartime name for one day, to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the end of the 200day Battle of Stalingrad. British Gangs Use Flare Guns Now Because They Cant Find Real Ones 10 Years later  Beheading of Daniel Pearl Children and the culture of pornography 'Boys will ask you every day until you say yes' Here's What Your $97 Million Drug War in Central America Actually Bought Court upholds Canada's medical marijuana laws The ruling was a major disappointment to civil libertarians and advocates for HIVAIDS patients, who had argued that it is virtually impossible to obtain the medical approval the law demands Outlawed 'Argo' DVDs Are Selling By The Thousands In Iran The plight of Cambodias garment workers  Striking workers call on WalMart to take responsibility after supplier skips country owing $200,000 in wages Iran Rial Hits AllTime Dollar Low  Currency registering a more than 21% drop in   2 week span against US dollar.  Iran facing growing shortage of foreign cash because of international sanctions against its central bank & vital oil sector over its  nuclear program. Deadly clashes in Cairo as Egyptians rally  Thousands of demonstrators hit streets of Cairo, Port Said and Alexandria calling for President Morsi's resignation. Admitting you are a secularist can you killed in Pakistan Toronto Grads Invent World's Most EnergyEfficient Light Bulb The NanoLight, invented by three U of T [University of Toronto, Canada] graduates, uses only 12 watts of electricity yet generates the equivalent output of a 100watt incandescent bulb. IMF hits Argentina with firstever censure of a country. Israel 'considering further air strikes on Syria'