 200 egg farmers in Germany accused of selling millions of eggs falsely labeled as 'freerange' and 'organic' in what has been called fraud on a massive scale Israel introduces 'Palestinian onlyus lines, following complaints from Jewish settlers  Israel News 100 million sharks killed each year, say scientists  Protect sharks or they face possible extinction in a generation, scientists warn as they gather in Bangkok for Cites meeting
 Moscow Mayor says no to more mosques in the city Iranian ship carrying Chinese missiles to Yemen Caught Not a Good Idea American Nukes in South Korea  The redeployment of tactical nuclear weapons to the Korean Peninsula would be a Cold War solution to a 21st century problem. Ban Elephant Ivory, Legalize Rhino Horn?  Fate of elephants, rhinoceroses & other imperiled species to be decided at Bangkok wildlife summit. 177 countries will consider increasing or decreasing protection for iconic mammals & organisms like sharks, turtles & timber species.
  











   US Trade Rep orders Canada to comply with the deadandburied ACTA treaty 'USTR gave marching orders to Canada's Harper government, and it has introduced a bill that would force Canadians to obey the provisions in ACTA, even though ACTA no longer exists' Israeli Ministry of Transportation launches 'Palestinians onlyuses Mars Curiosity rover switched to safe mode after memory problems Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood want to delete video of MB members doing the Harlem Shake from the Internet. Greece reclassified to 'emerging market' from developed Nazi Holocaust camps uncovered across Europe 3 suspected Islamist terrorists arrested in France Top managers salary to be decided by shareholders in Switzerland Syrian troops destroy ancient synagogue Political corruption scandal in Spain takes new twist. Former Popular Party Treasurer who was forced out after it was discovered he held a secret Swiss bank account worth millions presses theft charges against his own Party. Police raid PP headquarters until some higherup cancels investigation. Think New York Is Costly? In New Delhi, Seedy Goes for 8 Figures 'Real estate prices in the heart of New Delhi, especially for the bungalows built nearly a century ago during the British Raj, are among the highest in the world.' Thailand's promise to end ivory trade cautiously welcomed Hundreds of thousands of Portuguese have poured into the streets of Lisbon and other cities to demand an end to austerity dictated by an international bailout and the resignation of the centerright government. Volunteers in China say they rescued 900 dogs from cramped truck after online posting. 'Volunteers said the truck was on its way to Guangdong province in southern China, where dog meat is often served in restaurants' Heat on Thailand as wildlife conference starts  conservationists will converge in Bangkok for the start of key endangered species talks on Sunday, as host Thailand faces pressure to curb rampant ivory smuggling through its territory Magnitude5.5 Yunnan, China earthquake injures 20, damages 2500 homes Banker Andrei Borodin granted asylum in Britain after fleeing Vladimir Putin's Russia  Britain has risked opening a new rift with the Kremlin by granting political asylum to a prominent Russian banker accused of fraud in his own country.   Russia Turns Against Nabokov  36 yrs after his death & 22 after end of censorship, the author is, once again, controversial.  Since wave of 2011 protest, Vladimir Putin & his party have cut losses with finicky lites & focus on demonizing them as Western agents. 














   US doctors cure child born with HIV 'Batmanrings in suspect to Bradford police Japanese father dies sheltering his daughter from blizzard Fake bishop sneaks into preconclave meeting at Vatican Four cops suspended after woman beaten on camera Female Iranian communists organize topless protest against hijabs in Swedish capital South Afican government spends R140m ($15,5 mil) on $40 theme driven Wordpress website Police in Northern Ireland intercept 4 mortar bombs minutes from being launched at a Londonderry Police station. 3 arrested and operation linked to dissident republicans. Harvard Economist Legalizing Drugs Suits Ideal of American Freedom UK Queen hospitalized after apparent infection Egypt unleashes Islamic morality police force Putting a Price on Foreigners Strict Immigration Laws 'Save Denmark Billions' Australian miners fired for 'Harlem Shake' Hamas Will Not Allow Obama To Visit The Temple Mount on His Upcoming Trip to Israel and Palestine. Melbourne researchers uncover HIV's genetic hiding place A $1 billion bet on peace Qatar funds huge Palestinian settlement in West Bank Spain's Jobless Hits Record 5 Million in February  Germany would veto Bulgaria, Romania in Schengen Interior Minister HansPeter Friedrich has told Der Spiegel magazine that Germany would not allow Romania or Bulgaria to join the European openborder Schengen zone.  Iranian boat seized off the Yemeni coast was carrying sophisticated Chinese antiaircraft missiles, a development that could signal an escalation of Iran's support to its Middle Eastern proxies, alarming other countries in the region  Fat Cat Initiative to be written into Switzerland's constitution, to impose some of the world's strictest controls on executive pay Israel on 'locust alert' following Egyptian plague Man charged $20,000 for roaming charges in Mexico. The answer to Chinese pollution? It's in Japan Nasa's Curiosity Mars rover has been put into safe mode after a computer glitch caused by corrupted files. SOS John Kerry US to release $250 Million in Aid to Egypt to support 'its future democracy' A huge comet is headed for Mars. If it hits, it would be an event on the same sort of scale as the impact that drove the dinosaurs extinct 65m years ago.  A 75yrold Japanese man died after 25 hospitals refused to admit him to their emergency rooms 36 times over two hours, citing lack of beds or doctors to treat him US Ambassador Politely Asks UN Colleagues to Stop Showing Up Drunk to Meetings Piratebay is not actually being hosted from North Korea. It was a hoax to make it appear as if the IP was originating from NK. North Korea vows to cancel Korean War ceasefire Desmond Tutu Nuclear weapons must be eradicated for all our sakes. No nation should own nuclear arms  not Iran, not North Korea, and not their critics who take the moral high ground
 Indias patent appeals office has rejected international drug maker Bayer AGs plea to stop an Indian company from manufacturing a cheaper generic version of a patented cancer drug 'Dubious' care of the sick, 'questionable' politics and 'suspicious' financial dealings Researchers claim Mother Teresa was not so saintly after all North Korea threatens to cancel Korean War ceasefire because of U.N. sanctions. Warns of surgical strikes with precision nuclear striking tool. China officials caught spraypainting grass green in Chengdu 
Relaxation of US cannabis laws 'violates UN drug conventions' International Narcotics Control Board criticises decision by some US states to legalise use of cannabis Ban marketing of junk food to kids under 12, Ontario report recommends 'It's not racism. The Muslim players just shouldn't be here' Beitar Jerusalem fans walk out over signing of two Muslim Chechen players A UN human rights advocate has called on Britain and the US to release confidential reports into the countries' involvement in the kidnapping and torture of terrorism suspects, accusing them of years of official denials, sophistry and prevarication to cover up the truth Buses of company operating 'Palestinianonly' lines torched After being shutdown in Norway, The Pirate Bay Returns from North Korea. Soviet war veteran found in Afghanistan after 33 years South Africa running out of Rape kits due to massive numbers of Rape cases... A look inside N. Korea's Gulag system. A filthy side of the country Dennis Rodman ignored.  Russia Fears Its Troops Will Riot if Cigarette Rations End Only one in 10 regular massgoing Roman Catholics in Britain feel any guilt about using contraception . . . They are also much less likely to feel guilty about committing adultery, having sex before marriage or using pornography than people from many other religious groups. Gaza marathon cancelled after Hamas bans women runners Cancer drug ruling seen as victory for poor India's patent appeals office rejects Bayer AG's plea to stop production of generic version of a patented cancer drug  'Bayer sells a one month supply for US$5600. Natco's version would cost Indian patients US$175 a month' HSBC paid CEO Stuart Gulliver $11 million last year despite record money laundering fine Syrians tear down statue of Bashar alAssad's father after rebel advance Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dead at 58 Chinese Farmers Revolt Against Govt Land Grab  Demand free elections, saying their chief sent thugs to attack the community. The road that runs along Shangpu is littered with burnedout cars. Farmers have built tents & barricades. Police have been in standoff 2 weeks. Horse meat scandal sparks rise in sales of vegetarian alternatives Quorn, the UK's biggest vegetarian ready meal brand, said it had seen sales growth more than double in the second half of February  Ikea withdraws chocolate cakes containing 'faecal matter' Australia has confirmed for the first time that an AustralianIsraeli man who died while secretly jailed in Israel worked for the Israeli government South Korea threatens North Korean leadership  For the first time, a man and a transgender woman are married in Israel Australia Police 'naive' to tell public not to film arrest Microsoft Fined $731 million for Breaking EU Promise Campaigners demand Google stop whale and ivory ads on Google Japan Research indicates that nearly onethird of the soot in the San Francisco Bay Area blew over from Asia. The EU have agreed to cap bankers bonus' ... despite opposition from Britain End of the inquisition Sephardic Jews invited back to Spain after 500 years. [BBC] China to Back New Sanctions Against North Korea African elephants face 'alarming declines' UN cancels Gaza charity marathon as Hamas bans women runners Israel illtreatment of Palestinian minors 'systematic' UN Syrian Refugees Number One Million In Finland parents kill 8yearold daughter after brutally abusing her for all her life. One of the most disgusting crimes in Finnish history. Choking to Death The Health Consequences of Air Pollution in China  The poor air quality, according to a leading Chinese public health expert, is worse than SARS because nobody can escape it. A United Nationsbased drug agency urged the United States government on Tuesday to challenge the legalization of marijuana for recreational use in Colorado and Washington, saying the state laws violate international drug treaties. Canadians consume 50% more alcohol than the rest of the world, claims study National outrage in China after car thief kills a 2 month old baby he discovered in the back seat. British troops will leave Germany a year earlier than planned to end a legacy of World War II by 2019, UK Defence Secretary Philip Hammond announced late on Tuesday Hugo Chvez will 'return on resurrection day', says Ahmadinejad Rhino Poachers Shot Dead by Forest Guards in India N. Korea threatens preemptive nuclear strike against aggressors A court in New Zealand has ruled that Megaupload boss Kim Dotcom can sue the country's foreign intelligence service for illegally spying on him. Scouts Canada to Carly Rae Jepsen Were proLGBT, so perform for us, maybe? Unknown class of bacteria found under ice crust of Antarctic lake Voice of Russia Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to 1 year in prison in wiretrap trial EU Parliament voting for a complete ban on pornography. 'Eliminating Gender Stereotypes in the EU' is the innocuous title of a report that sounds like the sort of thing few would object to, but as Swedish Pirate MEP, Christian Engstrom notes, the devil is in the details. UN Security Council approves new sanctions to punish North Korea for its latest nuclear test. North Korea says to exercise right to preemptive nuclear attack against U.S.  KCNA Tesla Motors loses appeal case against Top Gear  Judge says lost sales from alleged libel quite unrealistic. In a Grain of Golden Rice, a World of Raging Controversy Over GMO Foods  There's rice growing in  the Philippines unlike any ever seen. It's yellow & genetically modified with betacarotene.  It's become the symbol of an idea genetically engineered crops can improve lives, rousing  global debate. Scientists believe crystal found in shipwreck could be a sunstone  mythical Viking navigational aid A proposal by the US to ban crossborder trade in polar bears and their parts was defeated on Thursday at an international meeting. 20 UN observers seized by Free Syrian Army Rebels in Golan Heights. Woman mauled to death by a lion as she had sex with her boyfriend in the African bush US names 'proHitler' Egyptian 'woman of courage' Peacekeepers Kidnapped in Golan Heights Australia, citing nuclear test, bars North Korea from reopening embassy The stompin legend himself Canadian singer Tom Conners passes away at 77 N Korea building huge 'security perimeter'  satellite images show political prison camps expanding to enclose civilian settlements, Amnesty International says Chechnya Islamic militants from Russia team up with Syrian rebels in 'jihad' against Assad  Inside Fukushima two years on radiation levels too high to enter reactors Furious over UN sanctions vote, North Korea vows to launch preemptive nuclear strike The United Nations says about 20 peacekeepers in the force charged with monitoring the ceasefire between Israel and Syrian troops on the Golan Heights have been detained by approximately 30 armed fighters. BBC News  Silvio Berlusconi convicted over Italy wiretap North Korea officially voids nonaggression pacts with South, following new round of UN sanctions North Korea says 'prepare for war' North Korea has voided its armistice with the South four times in the last 10 years BBC News  North Korea says it ends peace pacts with South Skype's Been Hijacked in China, and Microsoft Is O.K. With It  How a computerscience graduate at the University of New Mexico deciphered a complex surveillance system governing Skype chats in China Bosnian woman helps win recognition of rape as a war crime Mexican Supreme Court antigay comments are hate speech, not free speech, and are not legally protected First drones and now real life Skynet webbased brain for robots goes live in Europe. South Korea's president calls for joint defense readiness against North Korea's provocations Vatican gets eternal life Puts its entire library online North Korea ends nonaggression pacts with South, cuts hotline The EU will not accept any moves by the Americans to water down rules about the collection of individual personal information by companies, EU Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding said today in Brussels Police puzzled by human skulls found near consulates and Mormon churches in Sao Paulo, Brazil.  Nations Consider Protecting Sharks as 100 Million Die Each Year

  Every year in commercial fisheries around the world some 100 million sharks die, according to scientific findings released today. In Bangkok, 178 govts will decide whether to protect the most vulnerable shark species. The world is hottest it has been since the end of the ice age  and the temperature's still rising UN Security Council unanimously approves sanctions against North Korea in 150 vote. The resolution was drafted by China and the United States SK's Ministry of Defense vows to obliterate NK from the face of Earth if NK launches nuclear strike against SK White House We can stop a North Korean nuke strike China has appealed for calm on the Korean peninsula, hours after North Korea said it had scrapped all peace pacts with the South and threatened preemptive nuclear strikes. A Catholic Church in India bans Catholic school girl who was raped by a Catholic congressman from attending. U.S. says U.N. sanctions 'will bite' after North Korea threatens nuclear attack Every 2 hours, a woman in New Delhi(capital of INDIA) is molested or raped Palestinian pedestrians must walk along a tiny dirt road, while Jewish settlers and their guests get the rest of the street. Japan Earthquake, 2 Years Later Before and After Economist If you are a working woman, move to New Zealand. Afghan police officer embraces suicide bomber to save others Russian satellite hit by debris from Chinese antisatellite test  The Pentagon's response to North Korea's nuke threat Yawn  North Korea Experts Worried, Speculate Attack On or Around March 11 Exscientologist I was brainwashed. BBC News interview with Jenna Miscavage Hill Forest elephant numbers have decreased by 62% across Central Africa over the last 10 years Stonehenge may have been burial site for Stone Age elite, say archaeologists. More than 50,000 cremated bone fragments, of 63 individuals buried at Stonehenge, have been excavated and studied for the first time by a team led by archaeologist.  Alleged blasphemy Mob burns scores of Christian homes in Lahore A worldrenowned physicist meets a gorgeous model online, gets caught with 2 kilos of cocaine in a suitcase she asked him to transport Norway teacher fired after letting children taste her blood Evidence that bishops in the Catholic Church in Scotland knew of 20 allegations of child sex abuse by priests between 1985 and 1995.  The tiny village of Feldheim is at the leading edge of Germanys renewable energy transition and generates all its own heat and light 100 per cent without fossil fuels and neutral as far as the emission of carbon dioxide is concerned Sperm whale on Spanish southern coast had swallowed 17kg of plastic waste dumped by greenhouses supplying produce to UK An Egyptian court confirmed death sentences handed down to 21 soccer fans for their role in a stadium riot which killed dozens of people in Port Said last year The United States has coordinated a massive airlift of arms to Syrian rebels from Croatia with the help of Britain and other European states, despite the continuing European Union arms embargo Uhuru Kenyatta, indicted for crimes against humanity, declared winner of Kenya's presidential election Sexual violence blights Cambodia  One in four men admit to rape in survey, 5% to participation in gang rape (VIDEO) 63 ill after eating at 'world's best restaurant'  guests fell ill with sickness and diarrhea after visiting Danish restaurant Noma Less fertile crescent The waters of Babylon are running dry Half of girls in South Sudan forced to marry Unidentified Life Form Found in Antarctic Lake Mind the Gap Tube announcement returns after wife's plea How potent are North Korea's threats? Many experts believe these threats come from the North's desire for a peace treaty with the US  An in depth BBC article on the issue. Stonehenge builders travelled from far, say researchers. EU Porn Ban? MEPs Attack 'Gender Stereotypes Resolution' Proposal For International Women's Day Geist The Canadian government is characterizing its Bill C56 as an anticounterfeiting bill, yet this week NDP MP Charmaine Borg framed it more accurately as ACTA through the backdoor. Queen Elizabeth to Sign Commonwealth Charter Promoting Gay Rights And Gender Equality North Korea Forces Await 'Final Strike Order' from Kim Jongun North Koreas missile arsenal, its potential reach and payloads | Graphics | News Northwestern University journalism student spends 10 days in jail in Qatar for reporting on a fire. Qatar police accuse him of being a Syrian spy and make him sign papers without reading them, and Northwestern refuses to help him. 
Spanish sperm whale death linked to UK supermarket supplier's plastic the whale had swallowed 17kg of plastic waste dumped into the sea by farmers tending greenhouses supplying produce for British supermarkets When China's environment ministry told attorney Dong Zhengwei he couldn't have access to twoyear old data about soil pollution because it was a state secret, it added to mounting public outrage over the worsening environment The Countries Where Women Have the Best Lives, in Charts  a look at the regions where women are healthiest, happiest, make most, and are most likely to hold positions of power Dubbed The Punisher, Alexei Volkov takes a zerotolerance approach to being cut off while driving his bus on Russia's roads. Sweden will not amend 'wife import' rules  Equality Minister Maria Arnholm wants Sweden to keep the right to deport women whose relationships with Swedish spouses end within two years of their arrival in Sweden. North Korea issues new threats to US and 'puppets' South Korea; Kim JongUn visits frontline Is North Korea a credible threat? Their army is a Cold War relic.  Why is North Korea so aggressive lately? Simple nukes mean negotiating power. Thousands have been killed and millions made homeless in Syria's civil war, but it has also caused irreparable damage to some of the world's most precious historical sites. The treasures now being destroyed matter to everyone on the planet, argues historian Dan Snow. Israelis Flock To Berlin For Better Life Young immigrants find the German capital to be hip and cheap  and still contains traces of its Jewish past. IranNorth Korea Pact Draws Concern China won't forsake N.Korea Mystery surrounds discovery of more than 900 dead pigs found floating in Chinese river. According to the city's water supplies bureau the dead pigs were spotted in a section used as a drinking water source for Shanghai residents
 German pilot in WWII spared an American B17 pilot over Germany only to reunite 40 years later and become fishing buddies Falklands votes in sovereignty referendum rejected by Argentina  Residents of the Falkland Islands vote on Sunday in a sovereignty referendum aimed at countering Argentina's increasingly assertive claim over the Britishruled territory. Newly crowned Miss Russia attacks Pussy Riot sentence, says their punishment is too harsh. Proposals to Slaughter Up to 750,000 Deer in Britain Would Threaten 1000s of Jobs, Say Furious Gamekeepers  
Highland estates & rural communities would be devastated by loss of income from stalking if proposal is acted on.  They warn estates will close & communities die. Calls for Military Coup as Crisis Worsens in Egypt Christian neighborhood in Lahore, Pakistan attacked over alleged blasphemy  Over 150 houses and at least two churches were set on fire in the Christian neighborhood of Joseph Colony. Recently appointed Mexican state tourism minister shot dead near city of Guadalajara South Korean Military Now Preparing for Unexpected North Korean Move North Korea invalidates 60 year armistice and cuts off direct phone lines to South Korea. Nearly 3,000 dead pigs found in river supplying Shanghai's drinking water Asia's turning tide against shark fin soup. Chinas Communist Party vowed to phase out shark fin soup from official functions. Taiwan, the fourthlargest shark fin market, outlawed fishermen from sawing off shark fins and dumping the carcass overboard. The same rule applies to boatmen in EU waters. Rice prices skyrocket in North Korea S. Korea, U.S. kick off annual war game amid tension
 The Reserve Bank of Australia has been hacked by the Chinese Former 10 y.o. Yemeni child bride Nujood Ali is now 15. She stopped going to school and fled daily beatings by her father, who is stealing all proceeds from her book. I made it possible for my father to buy new wives. Kim Jongun's Slush Funds Found In China, public anger is growing over secrecy on environment
 Call for Cannabis to Relieve Pain in New South Wales  

It should be approved for medicinal use to help people suffering chronic pain, advocates tell parliamentary committee, which is looking into 
 feasibility & safety of using it as a medicine, legal implications & how to get it to   patients. N. Korea reiterates will to invalidate armistice pact Northern Irish women risk jail by admitting use of abortion drugs Saudi Arabia may stop beheading due to swordsmen shortages POLICE have issued a warning about a bad batch of LSD imprinted with an image of pop icon Psy doing a 'Gangnam Style' dance.
 N. Korea threatens allout war ahead of S. KoreaU.S. military drill Sweden Princess Lilian dies aged 97. Bundestag votes that acess to clean water isn't a human right  opens road to clean water resources privatisation in EU (and beyond?) US, Japan, EU Announce New Pressure on North Korea UN Investigation into Human Rights Abuses to Lead to International Criminal Court Case Nazis would be elected today, over 50% of Austrians believe. After centuries of public beheadings, the kingdom of Saudi Arabia is considering firing squads as an alternative means of execution because of the scarcity of swordsmen and their unavailability in a number of regions Polish plant 'using rotten meat' A Polish meat plant exporting to EU countries has been closed after inspectors discovered it was adding old meat to products
 A Push to Investigate North Korea's Human Rights Abuses Outrage as lion that killed woman as she made love to boyfriend is shot Delhi gangrape case Prime suspect Ram Singh commits suicide N. Korea ready to fight a real war with the U.S, its media report.  EU bans sale of all animaltested cosmetics [BBC] Japan says it has successfully extracted natural gas from frozen methane hydrate off its central coast, in a world first. Ukrainian military has apparently lost three of its trained dolphins in the Black Sea. these dolphins have been trained to attack enemy combat swimmers using special knives or pistols fixed to their heads. Falklands vote in favour of staying British 98.8% vote yes with 92% turnout EU votes to reject 'porn ban' proposals Chopsticks Killing Trees, Chinese Lawmaker Says  Legislator, a forestry firm head, urges China to save trees by reducing 80bn pairs of chopsticks  a yr.    We urge people to carry their own tableware.  Rising  wood demand, at least 1/10  illegal, means fate of world's forests in China's hands. US sends clear warning to North Korea after Pyongyang declares armistice void Despite war threats, North Korean border units hit by growing AWOLs BBC News  Falklands referendum Islanders vote to remain British [Korea Times] Frontier NK soldiers deserting in large numbers  The Vatican, Iran, and Russia are blocking progress in the UN's Commission on the Status of Women. As cardinals gather to elect Pope, Catholic officials break into a sweat over news that 23m investment includes gay sauna  An Ugly Truth in the War on Drugs human rights abuses in the war on drugs are widespread and systematic Iran's Ahmadinejad commits grave sin, behaves in a way inappropriate for the president of an Islamic state. His crime? Consoling Hugo Chvez's mother at Chvez's funeral.  5 Shark Species Win Protection Against Fin Trade in Historic Turnaround  Millions of sharks killed each yr  for sharkfin soup  now have greater protection after world's biggest wildlife summit votes to crack down.  Some nations now see  sharks more valuable alive, as a source of tourism.   N.K. leader visits frontline units near western sea border, tells troops to throw all enemies into a cauldron, break their waists and cut their windpipes.  Paranoid Dictator's CommunistEra Bunkers Now a National Nuisance  In Albania, 750,000 Communistera bunkers populate the landscape, relics of the paranoia & skewed priorities of former dictator Enver Hoxha.  The peculiar bunkerization resulted in 1 bunker for every 4 citizens. Researchers in China are randomly disabling mouse genes one at a time, in order to identify the function of each gene. By essentially throwing darts at a genetic dartboard to see what happens, the researchers have filled 45,000 mouse cages with mutant mice. Second Korean War Is Unavoidable (xpost from r/Pyongyang) New Zealand Condemns Argo UN Says Korean War Armistice Still in Force Soviet soldier missing since 1980 found in Afghanistan UN asks North Korea's Kim Jongun to tone down war talk as he rallies troop Sex Abuse CoverUp Claims Disturb Conclave A plain clothes policeman watches Francesco Zanardi. As he waits for his moment just outside the Vatican in St Peter's Square, Zanardi's intention is clear. So is the policeman's.  Irish college students had 36 hrs to get as far as they could in the world, without spending any money. Some reached Argentina, Australia and Malaysia. New Zealand gay marriage bill passes North Korean Desertion Skyrocketing, Number of NK Military AWOL Shoots Up Eightfold Assassination attempt of Kim Jung Un could explain recent threats North Korea seems to have taken initial steps to deploy mobile longrange missiles U.S. Intelligence Chief China to abolish hated labour camps Pirate Bay Founders Case Rejected by Human Rights Court The European Court of Human Rights has rejected an application to hear the cases of Peter Sunde and Fredrik Neij, two of the cofounders of The Pirate Bay An Estonian man returned a library book 69 years late, and said a World War II aerial bombing that damaged the library was partly to blame for the late return. The book was checked out on March 7, 1944, while Estonia was occupied by Nazi Germany. Dutch scientists are creating the first in vitro beef from bovine stem cells. The synthetic meat could feed the world and save the environment. In the ultimate story of payback, British boxer Curtis Woodhouse tracks down a twitter troll and shows up at his doorstep Chris Hadfield takes over as space station commander Almost quarter of Russians believe gay people should be forced to undergo psychological treatment and 5% think they should be liquidated, according to new survey Analysis of a rock sample collected by NASA's Curiosity rover shows ancient Mars could have supported living microbe Inflated Salaries Merkel Joins German Battle Against Executive Pay  Both the EU & Switzerland have drawn a line in the sand when it comes to excessive compensation packages. Now, Berlin is to cap salaries. For Merkel, this is a Uturn, but with growing public discontent, she had little choice. Why North Korea loves to threaten World War III (but probably wont follow through) Every nation's most popular porn site search term revealed Americans favour a 'MILF', Australians like gay men and Syrians like their aunt Craig Venter says he is close to creating artificial life N. Korea's military again threatens merciless retaliation for S. Korea, U.S. A United Nations report has suggested that a Palestinian infant who died in the fighting in Gaza last November may have been killed by an errant Palestinian rocket rather than by an Israeli airstrike as was widely believed at the time.  Egyptian Christian tortured to death by Police in Libya WHO confirms 15th case of new corona virus. Half the victims have died India's prime minister has said there will be consequences unless Italy returns two marines charged with the murder of two fishermen in Kerala Saudi Arabia executes seven men despite UN appeal for clemency  N. Korea sharply increases flights of fighter jets China pulls nearly 6,000 dead pigs from Shanghai river, says water still safe to drink Bill Gates capitalism means male baldness research gets more funding than malaria India is now covering water canals with solar panels, this way they are preventing water loss through evaporation and saving space while creating energy. North Korea guides artillery exercises against South Korean Island. Vatican Elects New Pope At least 28% of South African schoolgirls are HIV positive compared with 4% of boys because sugar daddies exploit them, the health minister says.  Rare Asian coin found in Kenya proves trading between Asians and Africans occurred well before Europeans 75 percent of Chinese say air pollution a big problem in China; 81 percent agreed with statement that today the rich just get richer while the poor get poorer. BBC News  Germany bans three 'antidemocratic' Islamist groups LHC confirms Higgs boson identification photos of children from around the world with their most prized possessions Pope Francis I aided the Argentine Military Dictatorship that disappeared many thousands 47 temples, 700 Hindu houses torched across Bangladesh France could join the small club of countries that require net neutrality The French government has put forward a new plan that could enshrine net neutrality in national law. They would become the fourth country in the world with a law for net neutrality. Pope Francis I rejects luxuries and the special car for him I'll just go with the guys on the bus French court rejects sick man's plea for medicinal cannabis, fines him 300 for possession Keystone XL Pipeline Not Good for Canada  
Opposition Leader Thomas Mulcair criticizes Canada's Conservative govt, saying  pipeline exacts heavy environmental cost.  Pumping tar sands oil to America would cost 40,000 Canadian jobs & keep energy prices high in Canada, he says.  RPTPentagon WeaponsMaker Finds Method For Cheap, Clean Water * Filter could sharply cut energy needed to remove salt from water * Officials say firm has patented process, looking for partners * Cheaper seawater purification could help ease water security fears Amsterdam prostitute twins retire at 70 after 50 years and 355,000 men Hosni Mubarak's police chief 'gave shoot to kill order', with the former president's full knowledge. Police, including rooftop snipers, were responsible for nearly all of the deaths of the 850 protesters killed during Egypt's 2011 uprising, a government inquiry has concluded. North Korean domains are becoming inaccessible from a specific IP range. Supreme Court of India 'restrains' Italian Ambassador from leaving India The Russian President Vladimir Putin has called for the revival of a Sovietera physical evaluation programme that required all schoolchildren to pass fitness test Monarch Butterflies Drop Ominously in Mexico Swarming locusts descend on Israel  Sudan official says if doctors refuse to amputate, judges can train to do it to carry out sentences VW shares $1.1b in profits with workers 'Profit sharing is hard earned and deserved; it is the equitable participation of employees in the success North Korea fires short range missiles in the Sea of Japan Bellicose North Korea forces China to shift stance on old friend.  Chinese newspapers have been calling North Korea an ungrateful and unreliable liability. Zimbabwean police are interrogating young children (aged 46) at school about whether their parents have radios. The police are confiscating wind up radios in night time raids. A Dutch lesbian couple and their nineyearold Turkish foster child have gone into hiding because of the row in Turkey about Muslim children being cared for by gay or Christian couples. More HIV 'cured' 14 Adults North Korea Kim Jongun targeted in assassination attempt, South Korean intelligence says Drunken thug who battered girlfriend in the street making her face 'explode like an airbag' walks away with community service despite the fact he was on PROBATION A husband must have guardianship over his wife, not an equal partnership with her, Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood declared. Daughters should not have the same inheritance rights as sons. Nor should the law cancel the need for a husbands consent in matters like travel, work or use of contraception Windfarm sickness spreads by word of mouth, Australian study finds /r/Worldnews users, I would like your opinion on some of our existing rules/policies. North Korea 'prepares to strike' Kim Jongun supervises live artillery drill as inflammatory threats continue Pakistan architect shot for starting a project that would construct a sewage system for the poor in the worst slums of Pakistan. More than half of Britons believe Tony Blair was wrong to invade Iraq, while 22% says he should be tried as a war criminal Americans hacked us, says North Korea  regime's servers reportedly went down as rhetoric continues over UN sanctions and South conducts war games with US Three indigenous communities from the Chilean highlands have just received solar panels, which will be set up and maintained by unlikely solar engineers five native women who traveled around the world to India and overcame language and other barriers to bring photovoltaic energy to their villages. Bergoglio twice invoked his right under Argentine law to refuse to appear in open court in trials involving torture, murder and the theft of babies during Argentina's dirty war. Male Teacher in Taiwan Arrested after Intentionally Infecting 50 Men with HIV Egypt's Islamists warn giving women some rights could destroy society Beeharming pesticides escapes ban European commission proposal to suspend the use of neonicotinoids fails to gain backing of UK and Germany Google Readers demise is awful for Iranians, who use it to avoid government censorship N.Korea Under Massive Cyber Attack; all websites with North Koreabased servers were affected Muslim Brotherhood Statement Denouncing UN Women Declaration for Violating Sharia Principles Pope Francis' runin with Benedict XVI over the Prophet Mohammed  Man 'pays 4,500 to bring African slave girl to France' North Korea warns residents of southern islands to evacuate immediately, threatening to attack them. Video Chinese police detain British reporter, unaware hes broadcasting live throughout Man steals $33 million from Australian casino in Oceans 11like heist North Korea officially denounces the reptile media for jabbering I want to meet the person who translates North Koreas state propaganda into English, because that man or woman is an artist. Britons too afraid of offending to challenge radical Islam, says former Obama adviser Seven unidentified men gangrape Swiss woman in India Pope Francis wants 'poor Church for the poor' Cypriots stunned by 10% savings cuts forced by EU bailout deal  Islanders fume as they queue to withdraw cash Pacific island bigger than Manhattan vanishes Bloggers in Russia are exposing the luxury lifestyles and scandals of lawmakers loyal to Vladimir Putin 'Paedophilia not criminal condition' says Durban cardinal The photos Saudi Arabia doesn't want seen  and proof Islam's most holy relics are being demolished in Mecca. Archaeologists fear billionpound development has led to destruction of key historical sites
 Britain helps prevent ban on pesticides linked to bee decline  Swiss tourist gangraped in India Dutch NGO nominates Uruguay's President for the Nobel Peace Prize, citing his work towards the decriminalization of marijuana and his fight against drugtrafficking.  BBC News  Shock in Cyprus as savers wake up to bailout levy Swiss woman gangraped in India, in front of tiedup husband North Korea's Internet returns after 36hour outage (xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews) The Man Who Coined 'The God Particle' Explains It Was A Joke! BBC News  North Korea tells South to leave islands The Destruction of a Nation Syrias War Revealed in Satellite Imagery Eurozone and IMF agree 10 billion euros Cyprus bailout deal Nearly 35% of Android Apps Are Secretly Stealing Private Data, Says Chinas Latest DCCI Report Donald Trump today  to boost the economy, we should take Iraq's oil and pay ourselves back for the war. What Americans Keep Ignoring About Finland's School Success Greek footballer Giorgos Katidis banned for life from national team for celebrating goal with Nazi salute Pope Francis 'I would like to see a church that is poor and is for the poor' North Korea Threatens Japan with Attack China is spending $250 billion per year on Education Titanic violin, the instrument played by bandmaster as the ship sank, has been found. One of France's bestknown criminal lawyers, Olivier Metzner, has been found dead World poverty is shrinking rapidly, new index reveals U.N. development chief slams War on Drugs Helen Clark, a former health minister, says criminalizing drugs has created more problems than it has solved Hundreds of dinosaur egg fossils found. Russian fundamentalists sue U.S., want Alaska back Ancient Chinese coin found on Kenyan island by Field Museum expedition Two Australian MPs slam Israel's treatment of Palestinians; Labor MP compares former occupation of Lebanon with Nazi Germany. Muslim Brotherhood decries UN Commission on Women for gutting family values by promoting ideas like Sharing of roles within the family between men and women, Granting equal rights to homosexuals and Cancelling the need for a husbands consent in matters like travel, work [official statement] Kuwait approves 'racist' segregation of medical care  Healthcare N. Korea threatens to target S. Korean Prime Minister after border island visit, saying he will be the first target to be mowed down. 5 arrested in India in connection with rape of Swiss tourist BBC News  Pakistan's Ashraf government makes history Pakistan's PM has hailed as a victory for democracy the completion of a full term by an elected government for the first time in the country's history Canadians are major customers in Cubas child sex market Canada is lax when it comes to stopping its sex offenders from going to Cuba and preying on underage prostitutes.
 Suspected Sudanese war criminal 'who shot so many people he lost count' lives unsupervised and on benefits in Britain (xpost from /r/Darfur) Pakistan Government Steps Down N Korea warns world of nuclear war breakout   British police are investigating an estimated 600 new allegations of phone hacking at Rupert Murdoch's now defunct News of the World newspaper Israel PM Netanyahu signs coalition deal For the first time in a decade, the governing coalition will not contain any UltraOrthodox groups Syria conflict General 'defects to rebels' Activist, who works with disabled children, 'shocked' at conviction for yelling at Prime Minister David Cameron American defense contractor Lockheed Martin says it has found a way to slash the amount of energy needed to remove salt from seawater, which has the potential to eliminate the world's shortage of fresh water in the future Hans Blix Iraq War was a terrible mistake and violation of U.N. charter North Korea's Prison Camps Are Absolutely Horrifying
 Wanted People willing to die on Mars Surge in renewable energy as solar panel prices plummet Japan seizes nuclearrelated materials from North Korea cargo Seven Komodo dragons born in Indonesia zoo Taiwan to aim missiles at China  Forbes on the Cyprus bailout  they have opted for a solution that amounts to probably the single most inexplicably irresponsible decision in banking supervision in the advanced world since the 1930s. MI6 and CIA were told before invasion that Iraq had no active WMD BBC's Panorama reveals fresh evidence that agencies dismissed intelligence from Iraqi foreign minister and spy chief What Happens When Half The World Stops Making Babies The Reuters Journalist Who Played with Anonymous and Got Burned Paul Krugman Cyprus Bailout Will Push Europeans To Stage A Run On Their Banks  67yr old woman raped, Farmer husband killed for cellphones (South Africa) Iraq war 10 years on 'There is phenomenal violence against women. I hear of rape cases in prison. Police officers are doing it' A 56yearold Indiaborn football fan was beaten up badly by seven men and punched in the face and head more than 18 times on a packed tram in UK, as 200 onlookers did nothing to save him from the racist attackers.  UAE opens worlds largest solar power plant Cyprus bailout 'people are panicking, they're afraid of losing their money'  Cypriots tell of shock finding government had seized up to 10% of savings  despite promise deposits would be safe Bullied South Korean Teen Commits Suicide Administration to install highresolution, closedcircuit cameras at schools across the country and crack down on school gangs Iran charges 18 over nuclear scientist killings. Tehran accuses Mossad, the CIA and MI6 of being behind the assassinations
 Saudi Arabia's farcical justice system condemned seven young men to death this week, and the world remained silent. Quebec manhunt on for fugitives who fled prison in helicopter Two Quebec inmates climbed up a rope into a hovering helicopter to make a daylight escape on Sunday from a jail northwest of Montreal, the authorities said. Scientists find an unexpectedly large and active community of singlecell organisms at Earth's deepest spot  China US risks antagonizing North Korea British tourist jumped from hotel balcony in India and injured severely to escape from rape Two lynchings in Egypt as villagers take the law into their own hands. Egyptians civilians are increasingly killing suspected rapists and kidnappers in response to lack of security.  
Kim Dotcom Still Causing Headaches For Spy Agency Documents show that in Dec 2011 when the spying began, police already had information which stated that Dotcom was a NZ resident 'which rendered the surveillance illegal.' Indian Parliment passes new antirape laws new provisions allow for the death penalty, and minimum sentence for gang rape, rape of a minor, rape by a person in authority will be doubled to 20 years and can be extended. EU Illegal downloads are NOT so harmful to the music industry [PDF Alert] 'Suffocating in the streets' Chemical weapons attack reported in Syria New recorded conversation between President Johnson and adviser reveal that Nixon sabotaged a Vietnam peace treaty in order to win the 1968 election To crack down on secret suburban cannabis farms, marijuanascented scratchnsniff cards are being sent to hundreds of British homes. Tensions rise as US B52 bomber flies over Korean peninsula U.S. confirms Syrian aircraft fired rockets into Lebanon BBC News  Syrian rebels 'use chemical weapon' U.S. joins Australia and New Zealand in backing Antarctic marine sanctuary amid calls for fishing ban ...drawn a proposal for a marine sanctuary covering 1.6 million square kilometers of the Ross Sea, which would be the worlds largest reserve. Nine former chief executives of fallen Icelandic bank Kaupthing indicted for involvement in general market manipulation in the years prior to the bank's crash.This is the largest case of its kind in the world that has lead to an indictment. South Korea now wants their own nuclear program to counter the North. Antigay Islamic preacher Khalid Yasin prevented from attending University of East London event Curiosity rover breaks rock to reveal dazzling white interior Pentagon Says B52 Was Flown Over South Korea in 'Signal' to North Rwandan warlords sudden surrender at U.S. Embassy New Zealand is planning on a Cyprusstyle solution Small depositors may lose some of their savings to pay for bank bailouts. The number of dead pigs found in a river near Shanghai rose to more than 13,000 over the weekend. Last Friday, the figure stood at about 7,500. British woman jumps from Agra hotel balcony to escape sexual assault Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt is due to go on trial for genocide and crimes against humanity on Tuesday, the first time a country has prosecuted an exhead of state in a national court on such charges

 Cyprus Finance Minister Quits List of the 5 biggest exporters and importers of arms in the world during 20082012. Second computer glitch shuts down NASA Mars rover More prisoners at Guantanamo Bay have joined a growing hunger strike that their lawyers say reflects hopelessness about their prospects of ever being freed from the detention center in Cuba. british water companies are caught avoiding tax, while raising consumer bills and paying millions to their bosses North Korea Military Warns it will Attack if US Flies B52s Again A 14 year old Indian kills herself after getting raped at school Australian State passes law ending the 'right to silence' when dealing with police.  Dennis Rodman reveals Kim Jong Un has a daughter Supreme Court issues ruling allowing foreign buyers of textbooks and movies a right to resell them in the US without the permission of the copyright owner The Bolshoi Ballet was a brothel Female dancer claims ballerinas were forced to sleep with wealthy patrons  Korea Asks US to Respond to Growing Crimes by US Soldiers Spanish pig farm investigation finds violation of EU animal welfare law pregnant sows kept in sow stalls so narrow that they cannot even turn around. Also finds painful and routine mutilations, and overcrowding, says welfare group Who among us has not followed girls? When you want to talk to a woman she wont at first, you have to put in a lot of effortIts the same all over the country.
says an Indian legislator during the debate for passing antirape bill, in India's lower house of Parliament. Cyber attack paralyzed three news networks and two major banks in South Korea Builder Saves 2 Year Old Girl's Life in Supermarket.  Canada's 'No' To Iraq War A Defining Moment For Prime Minister, Even 10 Years Later Five men arrested for sexually harassing a Norwegian woman... in India. Panama 'tax haven' for weathly Germans  Forget Switzerland; some of Germany's richest families, including Porsche and coffee giant Jacobs, have farflung businesses registered in oftforgotten tax haven Panama  86 elephants killed in Chad poaching massacre Poachers in Chad slaughter 89 elephants  Pregnant females and calves among those killed for tusks, as African governments prepare to hold antipoaching talks. Cyprus votes no on bailout that would have seized money directly from bank accounts, with not one vote in favour of the bill Saudi princes not immune from UK law, court rules. High court judgment against father and son could aggravate tensions in relations between Britain and Saudi Arabia US Supreme Court upholds first sale doctrine  A U.S. group that tracks clergy abuse called on Pope Francis to apologize Tuesday for what it called the Argentine church's protection of two priests who were eventually convicted of abusing children. US allegedly coordinates transfer of 3,000 tons of weapons to Syria militants Palestinians in Bethlehem set fire to pictures of US President Barack Obama, saying he was not welcome in their city. Scotland may allow Jedi to perform marriage ceremonies. Swiss Acupuncturist Arrested For Intentionally Infecting 16 People With HIV  Transcript Obamas speech in Israel. It is not fair that a Palestinian child cannot grow up in a state of her own, and lives with the presence of a foreign army that controls the movements of her parents every single day UK Health Minister calls for the end of routinely feeding antibiotics to farm animals to prevent superbugs The routine prophylactic use of antibiotics is not acceptable practice. BP accused of rewriting environmental record on Wikipedia. North Korea's Kim Jong Un threatens attack on US bases in Pacific BBC News  Music sales are not affected by web piracy, study finds Swaziland government sells maize donated by Japan and banks the cash Government sold 12,000 tonnes of maize and deposited money in central bank, even though Swaziland has not been able to feed itself since 1970s Somalia Gay Teen Stoned To Death. NASA Voyager 1 has not yet left the solar system or reached interstellar space Russian analyst Moscow believes Washington is gripped by strategic insanity Obama condems new Israeli settlements  live updates | World news Pope Francis will hold a major ceremony next week in the chapel of a youth prison instead of in the Vatican or a Rome basilica where it has been held before, the Vatican said on Thursday. Is it a crime for someone simply to share a link to stolen information? That seems to be the message conveyed...Barrett Brown is in legal trouble for copying and pasting a link from one chat room to another. This is scary to anyone who ever links to anything  India approved on Thursday a tougher new law to punish sex crimes, including death for repeat rape offenders, after the fatal gang rape of a student in December sparked unprecedented protests over the treatment of women in the country. Egypt's judges claim Brotherhood group is illegal, recommend dissolution A group of Egyptian judges have recommended to one of the highest administrative courts in the country that the Muslim Brotherhood should be dissolved based on its legal status Poorquality Chinese concrete could lead to skyscrapers collapsing Kurdish leader Abdullah Ocalan declares ceasefire with Turkey Burying Bad News Barclays Bank Announces 38.5 million in bankersonuses on budget day. News Corps' TV broadcasting licenses (including Fox News) could be revoked by the FCC because of bribery convictions in the UK. South Korea Chinese address source of attack.  'A Chinese Internet address was the source of a cyberattack on one of the South Korean companies hit in a massive computer shutdown that affected five other banks or media companies, initial findings indicated Thursday' President Of Argentina Takes Convoluted Way To Rome So Her Plane Won't Be Impounded By Hedge Fund Managers

 Britain has failed in a last ditch effort to alter EU proposals to cap bankers' salaries from next year. Member states and the European Parliament hammered out a final draft, which London failed to influence.  Icelandic MP wants to nationalize all assets of foreign creditors Roger Waters Boycott against Israel is 'way to go' Obama Israel settlements dont advance cause of peace Twelve North Korean soldiers attempting to defect have been captured by Chinese troops and sent back to NK India passes rape law that sets age of consent at 18 North Korea says, North Korea is a great place for human rights. South Korea admits that the Hacking Attempt from an IP address from China was actually from a Local IP address at the same Bank Number of dead pigs found in Chinese rivers rises to 16,000 Authorities say Shanghai's water is safe, but no official explanation has yet been given for the dumping of carcasses PreViking tunic found on glacier as warming trend aids archaeology An uprising against the Taliban that began last month in this southern Afghan village has now spread through dozens of others. Father of African literature Chinua Achebe dies aged 82 1,000 dead ducks join 16,000 dead pigs floating in Chinese rivers. Netanyahu makes apology to Turkey over 2010 Gaza flotilla Thousands sign school climate change petition started by 15yearold. Esha Marwaha from west London says she is outraged that climate change has been scaled back in national curriculum
 Citizens band together to arrest former British prime minister over involvement in Iraq's invasion a decade ago BBC News  South Korea says China hack link a 'mistake' Trans teacher whose gender reassignment made news, found dead at home  Major terror attack on scale of 7/7 foiled every year in UK, police reveal Singles Caught Having Sex Face Jail Time Under Proposed Law in Indonesia | The Jakarta Globe Map of the countries that are most and least welcoming to foreigners. Surprises? New North Korean video depicts invasion of South, US hostages Italy marines return to face India charges Suicide Bomber Kills  45 People at a Mosque, Killing ProRegime Sunni Cleric More than 100 cars involved in highway pileup near Edmonton, Alberta, Canada 'Exgay' London bus advert ban ruled lawful Israel PM apologies to Turkey for Gaza flotilla deaths South African electricity consumers are subsidising BHP Billiton, allowing 2 smelters to pay 20% for electricity what every user in the country pays. Rare earths treasure trove found in seabed near MinamiTorishima  Scientists said that they have identified rich seabed deposits of rare earth elements in a Japanese exclusive economic zone near MinamiTorishima, a coral reef 2,000 kilometers southeast of Tokyo. Twitter sued 32m for refusing to reveal antisemites  French court ruled Twitter must hand over details of people who'd tweeted racist & antisemitic remarks, & set up a system that'd alert police to any further such posts as they happen. Twitter ignored the ruling. Jim McCormick is on trial, accused of modifying $20 novelty golf ball finders and selling them to governments for up to $60,000  touting them as Explosive detectors China on track to overtake America as the world's biggest economy in 2016 State of emergency imposed in central Burma  Gangs of Buddhists including monks are reported to be roaming the city attacking Muslims, hundreds of whom have taken refuge in a local football stadium Seven years ago, the newlyelected Pope Francis urged Turkey to unconditionally recognize the Armenian Genocide. Police sending 200,000 'ScratchNSniff' cannabis cards to train British people it's scent along with a $1,500 reward incentive in order to rat out those who smell like pot. After Obama's visit, Israel apologizes to Turkey over flotilla deaths, agrees to pay reparations Canadian Government votes against public science.  Life after cannabis prohibition The Copenhagen Model will see the production, sale and consumption of cannabis legalised China tightens border searches to punish North Korea as US asks for sterner measures China 'fully prepared' for currency war Two tourists, an Israeli man and a Norwegian woman, have been kidnapped by armed men in the Sinai peninsula in Egypt, security officials said Japanese court sentences US musician to five years in prison for killing woman in Tokyo hotel room Brazilian Indians are fighting against their possible eviction due to World Cup construction Russias rich hiring luxurious ambulancetaxis to beat Moscows traffic jams An ArabIsraeli student interrupts President Obama in his speech while in Jerusalem, Have you really come to promote the peace process or to provide Israel with more weapons to kill the Palestinian people? On your way here did you see the West Bank security fence, or the killer of Rachel Corrie? Citizens' Campaign to Arrest Blair Continues Citizens band together to arrest former British prime minister over involvement in Iraq's invasion a decade ago Nuclear weapons Who has what? Britain set to lose second AAA credit rating Impending report by rating agency, Fitch, almost certain to downgrade UK's status because of lack of growth and rising debt
 Oman's ruler is about to pardon all dissidents jailed for defaming the leader or taking part in protests Today in horrible advertising ideas, Ford India plugs the cavernous trunk space of its Figo hatchback by depicting captive women stuffed inside. Teeing off at edge of the Arctic? A Chinese plan baffles Iceland 'At the center of the drama is Huang Nubo, a former official in the Chinese Communist Partys Propaganda Department who, wants to build a luxury hotel and an eco golf course for wealthy Chinese seeking clean air and solitude' Coal & Coral Australia's SelfDestructive Paradox  The city of Gladstone is the world's 4th largest coalexport hub. It's also a jumping off point to the southern end of the Great Barrier Reef. But coal mining could eventually kill the reef that Australians revere. Lawyers alarmed as Guantanamo hunger strike grows  hunger strike expands at the US prison in Cuba Ubuntu tapped by China for national operating system  A Tunisian Salafi preacher has called for a 19year old girl who posted her topless pictures on Facebook to be quarantined and stoned to death before she starts an epidemic. Russian billionaire and critic of Vladimir Putin, Boris Berezovsky, found dead at his UK home in suspected suicide Transgender UK teacher, who was harassed and slandered by UK media, commits suicide Adobe to its Australian customers Fly to US for cheaper software  Australians can go to the US if they want lower American prices on boxed Adobe products, an Adobe official told an Australian Parliamentary panel today Cyprus Now Looks to Take 25% From Bank Accounts of Wealthy S. Korea, U.S. sign combined operational plan against N. Korea Topless Tunisian Femen Protester 'Amina' Threatened With Death By Stoning for topless pics NORTH Korea's latest propaganda video depicts 150,000 US citizens being taken hostage by paratroopers invading Seoul.
 A Japanese teenager who allegedly killed his mother and chopped her body into pieces has told police he simply did not like her, and wanted to know more about dissection 33YearOld Man Gang Raped By Six Suspects In South Africa Iraq War's 10th Anniversary in pictures The Invasion (Hires. No multipage bullshit.) Icelandic MP wants to write off 20% of household mortgages using nationalized money from foreign creditors Seoul to crack down on scammers preying on North Korea defectors Nasa Confirms Meteor After 'Fireball' Reports France confirms death of Islamist commander Abou Zeid China retaliate to North Korea's nuclear tests through trade Canada worst human rights violator in world Iran lawmaker Slaughter of the African Elephants Israel fires into Syria after Golan attack on troops Rio police evict Amazon natives from World Cup site French mother on trial for son Jihads Tshirt that says I am a bomb, on the front and the back read, Jihad Born Sept. 11. BBC News  Russian tycoon Boris Berezovsky dies World Bank's new vision on tackling poverty 'very unambitious' Bank's promotion of 'shared prosperity' fails to tackle inequalities and growing gaps between rich and poor, critics warn Kurdish rebels declare formal ceasefire with Turkey. Transgender primary school teacher who 'took own life' had sought protection from media hounding before her death. Armenia is the first country in the world to make chess mandatory in schools, aiming to build a better society North Korea 'defeats' US troops and takes 150,000 American hostages in newly released propaganda video IT'S OFFICIAL Banks In Europe May Now Seize Deposits To Cover Their Gambling Losses


 The Dangerous Drift towards World War in Asia Duck successfully fathers a chicken at Dubai research laboratory Russia reacted furiously today to news of the 11th hour European Union bailout of Cyprus  condemning it as 'stealing'. The Indian unit of Ford Motor Company has apologised for an advertisement showing former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi with a group of bound women in the trunk of a car. How Anonymous gamed Twitter to shed light on a hidden massacre UK School bans triangle shaped flapjacks Unconfirmed reports that Syrian President Bashar alAssad has been shot by a member of his security forces Steven Simpson, Gay British Teen, Dies After Being Set On Fire At Birthday Party Israel restores tax transfers to Palestinians following Obama visit Arab Media said to be reporting that Syrian President Assad has been killed. Hong Kong's top court ruled that foreign domestic helpers are ineligible for permanentresident status no matter how long they live there. Egypt's Islamist rulers get tough on alcohol  beer tax rose to 200% this month, with wine tax rising to 150%.  Lawyer declared brain dead wakes up after calls to pull plug on her Cyprus Limits ATM Withdrawals to 100 Euros Per Day Swedish feminists call for all men to be banned from sitting with their legs opened. Say it is part of rape culture that Leads to women being raped Morsi issues ominous warning to Egypt opposition If I am forced to do what is required to protect this nation, then I will do it. And I fear that I might be on the verge of doing it. Nothing is safe from being seized by the state, no savings account, but also no house or apartment. 'Syrian army no longer in control of Israel border region'  Two divisions of the Syrian army, comprising tens of thousands of soldiers, which had been posted permanently along the Golan ceasefire line, have now almost entirely disintegrated Russian warning to withdraw all the cash from the western banks, because The European Union and United States were preparing for the largest theft of private wealth in modern history. Cyprus has clinched a lastditch deal with international lenders for a 10 billion euro ($13bn) bailout that will shut down its second largest bank and inflict heavy losses on uninsured depositors, including wealthy Russians Rebels in the Central African Republic have seized the presidential palace in the capital Bangui Experts North Korea trains cyber warrior teams  North Korea has nothing to lose in a cyberbattle, there is no target for South Korean retaliation. Scottish Govt Approves Windfarm Opposed by Donald Trump  
US businessman claims wind project off Aberdeen coast will spoil the views from his nearby golf course Japan breaks China's monopoly on rare metals with discovery of vast reserves (xpost from science) A photo that makes North Korea look a lot less scary.  Washington Post A week after Frances top court ruled that a woman was wrongfully fired from a private nursery school for refusing to remove her Islamic veil, a new poll shows a majority of French people support a ban of all religious signs in private workplaces.  Egypt sentences Muslim to death for raiding several Christian houses and killing two people North Korea threatens Guam, Hawaii, US mainland Bill Gates to boost sex lives of millions with condom redesign BRICS Nations   Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa  Plan New Bank to Bypass World Bank, IMF Irish Catholics continue to flee the church  A combination of clergy sex abuse revelations and a more secular climate has created a stigma against attending Mass.
 Italy overturns Amanda Knox Acquittal, Orders Retrial One in five French bottled waters 'contain drugs or pesticides'  India's 'richest' politician shot dead  Syria's Shiites offer different picture of war  Shiite Muslims who fled Syria for Lebanon tell of an 'ethnic cleansing' campaign by rebels intent on creating a Sunnirun Islamic state. South Korea cyberattack traced to U.S. and Europe, not China James Cameron donates Deapsea Challenger submarine to science. Not just for the Taliban anymore drones are now tracking rhino poachers Bahrain blocks Doctors Without Borders medical ethics conference Cypriots are angry at the suggestion only Russian mobsters or foreign investors will lose money. Pensioners, businesses and regular Cypriots who have large bank balances, could lose between 20 to 40 per cent of their money in a onetime tax meant to bail out the broke banks Google forces new word  ogooglebar  out of the Swedish language  Pressures Language Council Rise in Egypt Sex Assaults Sets Off Clash Over Blame Egyptian Women Blamed For Sexual Assaults Ranchers Try to Drive Tsiman Indians Off Their Land  We cant take any more abuse, Carmelo Tayo, the head of this small Tsiman indigenous village, says sadly. The community has lived for decades on land in Bolivias Amazon jungle that outsiders are now trying to gain control of. BBC News  China uys fighter jets and submarines from Russia' Spanish Government Bows Down To US Pressures Again, Pushes SOPALike Law To Appease Hollywood Irish town to allow residents to drink and drive Out of sight, out of mind. Every drone attack in Pakistan visualised Portugal 12 Years After Decriminalizing Drugs Airline 'fat tax' Should heavy passengers pay more? The US Army Is Planning For A Failed Nuclear State In North Korea. The Canadian Supreme Court has ruled that police must have wiretap authority to snoop on cellphone text messages and not just a search warrant. Former President Carter says his organization is on verge of eradicating Guinea worm disease Baby baldies are first in decades After several years of trying, the bald eagles of Cootes Paradise have hatched the first eaglets to grace Lake Ontario in decades. North Korea to cut all channels with South as war may break out any time The Global Internet is being slowed by a series of huge arguements between a spamfighting group and a hosting firm. (Company remains nameless) Brazilian doctor Virginia Soares de Souza 'who played God' could have killed more than 300 patients to free up beds  If the death toll of more than three hundred people is correct it would implicate De Souza in one of the world's worst serial killings Esquire story of how Bin Laden was killed is complete B.S. CNN learns Europe Reels In Shock As Politician Tells The Truth Bangladesh widens crackdown on atheist bloggers Traces of human DNA in meat products quite likely [Slaughterhouse] workers are often cutting themselves. If we had done DNA tests, we probably would have found traces of human DNA in the products, said Stellenbosch University professor to British MP Essential Medicine Rides CocaCola's Distribution Into Remote African Villages  The AidPod is a wedgeshaped container between bottle necks in a CocaCola crate. For now, they're distributing an antidiarrhea kit.   There are places in the world where its easier to get a Coke than clean water.  A day in the life of the internet hacked and mapped A single hacker managed to get into millions of computers around the world  which was easy because their routers were all set to the default password of 'root'. But what he did with the data was simple and unmalicious map it. In Syria, the Rebels Have Begun to Fight Among Themselves North Korea is running out of threats Swedish woman convicted for hitting stranger who grabbed her ass Frankie Boyle donates 50,000 to a prisoner in Guantanamo Guantanamo to sue MI6 SCC  Police need wiretap authority, not just warrant, to search text messages In a 52 decision, the court has sided with wireless giant Telus (TSXT) and quashed a general warrant that had forced the company to turn over all texts to police.
 (Update)North Korea issues order for the protection of Kim statues (Xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews ) Blamed for rapes, women in Egypt are speaking out Japan's trust in its government is one of the lowest in the industrialised world. Why? There are fears about food from Fukushima. Muslim private school is ranked the best in France Schoolgirl given razor blade to self harm, supervised by a teacher. Pope Francis urged Catholic priests to devote themselves to helping the poor and suffering instead of worrying about their careers as Church 'managers' Egyptian women fight back as sexual assaults skyrocket First HumanNeanderthal Hybrid Found Mother gets 30 years for letting 2 kids starve to death in Osaka Stealth B2 Bombers headed to South Korea Japan to purchase 42 US built F35 fighter jets describing them as the best fighter.  The use of coal power in Alberta adds $300million a year to health expenses, a factor that heavily increases coals true cost, a new report has found.
 Mexican vigilantes seize town, arrest police Gut bacteria 'key to treating obesity without surgery' Canada quietly pulls out of UN antidroughts convention Why I just got called out by North Korean state media Twitter Caves to Vladimir Putin, Censors Content Within Russia. IMF, citing $1.9 trillion in government subsidies, calls for end to energy mispricing Iraqi oil Once seen as U.S. boon, now it's mostly China's University of Damascus hit by mortars China's New Stealth Fighter's Missile Launch Rails Prove Beijing Can Improve U.S. Technology Billions of locusts everywhere the eye can see, eating most everything in sight. That's the harsh reality affecting roughly half the island nation of Madagascar  an emergency situation compounded by natural disasters and a prolonged political crisis. The new Icelandic constitution has been killed in cold blood  RIP our new constitution  Written by the nation, for the nation Bomb Explodes Near Acropolis in Central Athens Red Cross to visit Guantanamo as hunger strike spreads Chinese gaming addict spends six solid years at an Internet cafe Man who points laser at aircraft lands a 30month prison sentence. Russia raids offices of Amnesty International and other human rights groups Guantanamo hunger strikers 'denied water'  thirtyone men on hunger strike lodge complaint with Red Cross that they are being denied drinking water by jailers Mexico vigilantes detain police in Guerrero  Hundreds of armed vigilantes have occupied a town in southwestern Mexico after one of their leaders was killed.  Pope washes feet of young Muslim woman prisoner in unprecedented twist on Maundy Thursday Russia has warned of tensions in North Korea slipping out of control, after Pyongyang said it was placing its missile units on standby.
 Pope Francis becomes the first pope to ever wash a woman's feet, breaking centuries of Catholic tradition. Retired man loses his $1m in life savings over night as Cyprus Bank goes bankrupt and unable to repay depositors North Korea Rockets 'Ready To Hit US Bases' 'Sharply increased' vehicles and troops movments at North Korea's mid and longrange missile units have been detected by South Korea's military just hours after the North's leader ordered rocket units to be ready to attack U.S. bases. Girl, 14 raped by two men on bus... in Glasgow USS Freedom heading towards N. Korea.  North Korea plan to attack US mainland revealed in photographs. Toronto Restaurant owner fined $ 10,000 after 31 threatened Spiny Softshell Turtles found in freezer  


They're used to make medicinal soup, but there may be less than 1,000 left in the Province. Ten years after Iraq war began, Iran reaps the gains American forces are gone, and Washington's political influence is now virtually nonexistent. Iran has become an indispensable broker among Baghdad's new Shiite elite, and its influence continues to grow From the Stone Age to the Digital Age in One Big Leap   Deep in the Amazon, an isolated Brazilian tribe almost vanished when it 1st had contact with the modern world. Now the Surui is working with Google to do things like report on illegal logging in the forest. Russia Gay pride march organiser beaten after city announces ban North Korea leader orders rocket units on standby to hit U.S. bases Second Palestinian journalist jailed in the past year for insulting Mahmoud Abbas Incredible North Atlantic storm spans Atlantic Ocean, coast to coast Franois Hollande has promised to force companies to pay a 75 per cent tax on salaries over a million euros, in a facesaving bid after his plan to tax individuals was slapped down as confiscatory by the country's constitutional court.  North Korean military activity detected  Readies rockets after US show of force. Atheists say abandoned by EU in U.N. rights council North Korea Releases Two New Photos, And In The Background You Can See A 'US Mainland Strike Plan' China to spend $16 billion to tackle Beijing pollution crisis The Chinese government has intensified a coordinated public campaign against Apple, slamming the company as dishonest, greedy and incomparably arrogant and threatening regulatory action if the US company does not improve its aftersales service policies. Mass rally in Pyongyang in support of Kim Jong Un
 Haiti Planting Millions of Trees in Effort to Undo Damage Done  Govtbacked campaign aims to double its forest cover by 2016.  It was once covered in forests but land clearance for plantations was followed by tree felling for cooking fuel.  Its forest cover now one of lowest in world.  North Korea Missile Activity South Korea Reportedly Detects Increased Movement At Rocket Sites UK Man Caught With Just Over 2lbs Of Marijuana. Sentenced To Writing 5000 Word Essay. Full war declaration statement from DPRK South Korea Warns North of Punishment Should War Declaration Go Beyond Words South Korea's Ministry of National Defense has issued a statement calling on Pyongyang to stop making what it calls unacceptable threats. French President announces 75% tax on companies for salaries above 1m North Korea says it enters war against South Korea North Korea assures Chinese Tourists that there will be no war. North Korea declaring war resulted from a translation error French workers hold company heads captive after theyre fired without pay Amsterdam to fly rainbow flag for Russian President Putins visit to the capital (xpost r/europe) No, North Korea cant hit Hawaii NATO air strike kills two children, nine suspected Taliban in Afghanistan Rivers of Blood Pigs Still Rotting in China's Water Supply  Shanghai's drinking water under threat with 16,000 diseased pig corpses in river. A woman recalls playing in it as a kid. Now it's inky black with slick lime green algae & smells like a blocked drain. A dead piglet bobs at her feet. Texans mock Kim Jong Uns apparent plan to strike Austin Stunning Historic Shipwrecks Emerge from Stockholm HarborLow levels reveal hulls of 2, likely 17thcentury Danish warships. I saw immediately that it was a shipwreck. You could clearly see the bow & stern. He spotted them while walking with his girlfriend. Samples are being testing. North Korea has almost no pollution, largely due to its stagnant economy Mass muggings of Chinese tourists in Paris spark fears of decline in visitors Camera catches Vancouver policeman punching handcuffed cyclist, politely explaining why he did it U.S. defense officials North Korean threats are bellicose rhetoric Guantanamo Guards Denying Water to Hunger Strikers to Thwart Protest, say Lawyers Julian Assange's WikiLeaks Party opens for membership in Australia North Korea enters 'state of war' with South Korea China and Russia conduct 'surprise' military exercises Hacktivists Anonymous_Korea claim taking down N.Korean govt's websites Egypt's government issues arrest warrant for TV satirist Canada is the only country to pull out of the UN convention to combat desertification How Egypt's radical rulers crush the lives and hopes of women. Women stood shoulder to shoulder with men in Tahrir Square in 2011. Now they are back on the streets, opposing a new constitution that sweeps away their rights and opens the way for girls of 13 to be married 28,000 Rivers Disappear From Chinas Maps  Over 1/2 the rivers are missing, according to 800,000 surveyors, leaving Beijing fumbling to explain why. They blame climate change. But environmentalists see it as a manifestation of headlong, illconceived development. North Korea Nukes are our country's 'life' Two men die in Shanghai after contracting strain of birdflu 'not previously known in humans' Putin orders ban on adoptions by LGBT foreign couples Scientists find evidence of nearlyextinct Sumatran rhinos in Borneo, where the species was believed to have been extinct for 20 years Land grab Israel gave less than 1% of seized West Bank to Palestinians Journalists manufactured and spread false list of pedophiles Wikileaks launches political party in Australia Australians could soon have a new political party  the Wikileaks Party  if Julian Assange's bid for official electoral status can enlist 500 members. Egypt's Jon Stewart Bassem Youssef faces arrest warrant Critics damn move as Egypt's top prosecutor orders arrest of hit TV satirist Bassem Youssef, Egypt's Jon Stewart, whose show 'alBernameg' gets over 30 million daily viewers. Iceland's Crowd Sourced Constitution Killed by Parliament GermanyGray, Overcast Germanyis the Greatest Solar Power Success Story in the World. Here's How They Did it. Germanys littleguy suppliers are destabilizing big power companies. Stuck US minesweeper cut in pieces and removed from coral reef in Phillipines Russian authorities can't beat back democracy Mikhail Gorbachev, the last Soviet leader, said Saturday that Russia will face unrest unless society is made more democratic despite President Vladimir Putin's success in cracking down on dissent. Harrowing Photo of Syrian Child Soldier Saudi Arabia 'may end' Twitter user anonymity  government asks telecom companies to look at how they can monitor or block services like Skype Online protest over Maldives' rape sentence Campaigners target islands' tourist economy after teenage victim is ordered to be flogged Maasai Furious as Plan to Lure Arabian Gulf Tourists Threatens Their Ancestral Land  Tribal leaders vow to resign official posts in protest after nomads are denied access to their pastures in Serengeti wildlife corridor to make way for Dubaibased luxury safari company HIV spreading among students in China Eiffel Tower evacuated following call threatening explosion Kuwait online activist jailed for 2 years for Twitter posts insulting the country's ruler Will Congress act to stop US support for Honduras' death squad regime? North Korea What happens if Kim Jongun acts on his threats? Natural gas extraction causing frequent quakes, property damage in northern Netherlands 'The Dutch Oil Company which is in charge of the extraction admits that the earthquakes are linked to its activities and has set up a 100millioneuro compensation fund.' Cyprus President's Family Transferred Tens Of Millions To London Days Before Deposit Confiscations Canadian warship seizes $100million of heroin in 'massive' high seas bust Israel jails teenage conscientious objector for eighth time Nathan Blanc has spent more than 100 days in prison over the past 19 weeks due to his refusal to enlist in Israeli army Pakistani Behind the Korean Nukes Supreme Court in India has rejected attempts by the drug maker Novartis to patent its cancer drug Canadas information commissioner is launching an investigation into the muzzling of government scientists, a widereaching probe that will cover six different federal departments. A 40yearold Pakistani housewife has made history by becoming the first woman to run for parliament from the country's northwest tribal region, a highly conservative area that is a haven for Islamist militants If the EU were to apply to join the EU, it would not be admitted, because it does not meet the democratic standards required of member states. Are Drone Strikes Killing Terrorists or Creating Them?What the evidence says about one of the biggest questions in the debate over targeted killings. U.S. F22 stealth jets join South Korea drills amid saberrattling North Korea likely has the capability to mount a plutoniumbased nuclear warhead on the shorter range Nodong missile, which has a range of about 800 miles  Former IAEA inspector David Albright (xpost from /r/NorthKoreaNews) Patents Defeat in India Is Key Victory for Generic Drugs Indias top court rejected a Swiss drug makers patent request for a major cancer drug on Monday, ensuring poor patients access to many of the worlds best drugs, at least for a while Indian Supreme Court rejects Novartis' patent petition, allowing a price drop on leukemia medicine around the world. From $70,000 to $2,500. Acts of Torture Reveal True Nature Of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood India tourist visits down 25% following fatal Delhi gang rape An Afghan teenager has killed an American soldier by running up from behind and stabbing him in the neck Thousands of Moroccans protest to topple Islamistled government Canadian federal office is launching a sweeping investigation into complaints that the Harper government has been 'muzzling' and restricting access to scientists Cesar Chavez Google doodle on Easter Sunday outrages Christian conservatives online Brazil Foreign tourist raped on Rio de Janeiro minibus Countries in the developing world are drastically reducing their euro holdings as economic instability in Europe leads them elsewhere to stock their currency reserves. Euro holdings are at their lowest level in a decade, according to the International Monetary Fund. India's top court dismisses Novartis petition for Glivec patent Antarctic sea ice is expanding A neuroscience arms race The increasingly lucrative field of brain research and the politics behind it South Korean President Vows Strong, Swift Military Response if North Provokes Samoa Air becomes the first airline to introduce pay as you weigh aifares meaninig overweight passengers pay more Free abortions come into force in France As of April 1 women in France will have access to free abortions, while teenage girls will be able to get free and anonymous contraception. One Month After Threatening a College Newspaper with Legal Action for Criticizing Their AntiGay Marriage Campaign, The Iona Institute Is Threatening to Sue Another Paper For Reporting It A list of those that had private foreknowledge and withdrew large sums of money in RUB, EUR and USD out of Cyprus. U.S. marijuana law changes bring boom to B.C. hydroponics No end in sight for North Korea tensions Western women warned 'friendliness' confuses Indian men China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights North is to blame for the tensions and that hostilities are not imminent North Korea 'crisis gone too far' says UN chief Ban Kimoon US Navy shifts guided missile destroyer in wake of North Korea missile threats Afghan Girl, 6, Rescued from Child Bride Fate; Countless Others not so Lucky Jon Stewart obliterates Egypts president for arresting Egypts Jon Stewart First australian ambassador of aboriginal origin appointed North Korea names new premier seen as economic reformer amid nuclear tension Eurozone unemployment hits alltime high 19 million out of work Police Officer sues robbery victim after injury while investigating premises. Litigation culture gone mad? Mislabeled fish slip into Europe's menus. Research reveals that 7% of cod and haddock  the deepfried staples of British fish and chips  actually turn out to be cheaper fish substituted to cut costs. Air pollution linked to 1.2 million premature deaths in China African nations increase farm spending, winning poverty battle The U.S. Navy is moving a radar platform closer to North Korea's coast, the Pentagon says Russia going back to Afghanistan? Kremlin confirms it could happen A new strain of bird flu, H7N9, has killed 2 in China, but doctors dont detect human transmissions. Hamas law promotes gender segregation in Gaza schools American tourist riding public transportation was gangraped in Brazil Camp Nama British personnel reveal horrors of secret US base in Baghdad  Detainees captured by SAS and SBS squads subjected to humanrights abuses at detention centre, say British witnesses