 Saudi Arabia put into effect a sweeping new counterterrorism law Sunday that human rights activists say allows the kingdom to prosecute as a terrorist anyone who demands reform, exposes corruption or otherwise engages in dissent. Hackers Sue German Government Over NSA Spying David Miranda's detention a chilling attack on journalism | When the partner of journalist Glenn Greenwald was detained at Heathrow airport last August under the Terrorism Act, MI5 were pulling the strings and knew full well that he wasn't a terrorist WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has claimed that a woman he is alleged to have raped sent text messages admitting that he never assaulted her | In an affidavit published on the WikiLeaks website, Assange cites several SMS messages supposedly exchanged between his two alleged victims. Corruption in the EU is breathtaking says EU Commissioner. Australian PM has Video removed and YouTube Account closed for violations Financial world shaken by 4 bankers' apparent suicides in a week Chaos Computer Clubs files criminal complaint against entire German government and Merkel over spying scandal UK Parliament considers allowing secret courts to issue orders to seize reporters' notebooks UK media alarmed by govt bill allowing seizure of journalists notes, files UK media organizations have warned that if a government bill authorizing police to seize journalists notebooks, photos and digital files is passed Monday, it could seriously endanger press freedom in the country. More sailors have been abandoned by their employers than taken hostage by Somali pirates, a controversial practice to avoid big expenses. 25% of Russian Men are Dead by Age 55 EU Sweden should ban secret party donations  While Sweden was acknowledged as one of the least corrupt countries in the EU, a new report from the European Commission urges Sweden to ban anonymous political party donations. Russia Hostage situation at one of Moscow schools. Police officer on duty is allegedly shot. Japanese radio commentator quits after being told to shut up about Fukushima nuclear plant Why Dutch mayors want to cultivate cannabis  'We have a bizarre system of banning and allowing cannabis at the same time' [xpost /r/LegalNews] Total Drone Deaths in Pakistan Top 2,000 Shark Cull Opposition Intensifies in Australia  Thousands take to beaches to protest against controversial catching and killing of sharks longer than 3 metres Thousands of antiPutin protesters march in Moscow Missing Amy Hamilton poster circulating on social media revealed as racist rightwing propaganda hoax A new film about Muammar Gaddafi, based on the testimony of those who were closest to him, contains an allegation that he ordered a young man to be tied between two cars and ripped in half, after he had complained about Gaddafi having had sex with his wife. Why do we insist on building on flood plains? Houses are still being built on floodplains  despite expert warnings UK Labour has accused the Conservatives of being obsessed by taxing the poor for unoccupied bedrooms while refusing to act against the super rich who keep mansions empty for years. South Koreans drink twice as much liquor as Russians and more than four times as much as Americans Brazil Must Offer Edward Snowden Asylum, Glenn Greenwald Says Guardian reveals threats of imprisonment and closure over Snowden leaks The British government threatened to jail Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger and close the newspaper last July, over the newspapers reporting of the Edward Snowden revelations South Koreans drink twice as much liquor as Russians and more than four times as much as Americans The spy agency which illegally monitored Kim Dotcom's communications has admitted deleting information needed in the upcoming $6 million damages hearing, according to the tycoon Pope unjust unemployment can mean sin, suicide He noted that sometimes 'unjust social conditions' like unemployment lead to this type of destitution by depriving people of the dignity of work and access to education and health care. Rights Group Releases Video of LGBT Attacks in Russia The truth behind the luxury of Qatar Airways  Flight attendants treated like slaves As war on corruption mounts, Chinas rich flee to America  The US grants far more green cards to wealthy Chinese as president Xi Jinping cracks down. Ukraine discussion thread #3 (sticky post) 4,600YearOld Step Pyramid Uncovered in Egypt. The pyramid, which predates the Great Pyramid of Giza, is one of seven for which its function remains a mystery. Ukrainian customs block 10 tons of humanitarian aid for Maidan protestors Oilsands air pollutants underestimated, researchers find India to build world's largest solar plant  Facility will triple the country's solar capacity and dwarf existing photovoltaic arrays. Much of Sochi is a work in progress, and parts of it look at least a dozen allnighters away from completion. There are unfinished hotels, halffinished stores and a mall where the only shop that is open and thriving is a Cinnabon. BBC News  Governor of Japan broadcaster NHK denies Nanjing massacre Saudi King Abdullah Bin Abdul Aziz issued a royal decree on Monday saying any citizen who fights in conflicts outside the Kingdom could face jail USBacked Afghan President Hamid Karzai Calls The Taliban His Brothers, Slams US Presence In Afghanistan Scotland's samesex marriage bill to be given final approval Tar Sands Toxins with Keystone XL Link Underestimated | The Canadian government may have underestimated emissions of carcinogens known as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, or PAHs, from the Alberta tar sands, and they may be a major hazard to both human and ecosystem health. Australia permits dredge dumping near Great Barrier Reef for major coal port Man attempts bank robbery wanting to go to jail, fails and ends up with a cup of coffee instead of cash. Russian dad talks killer son into freeing classroom full of hostages (with video) Pakistan Has A Months Worth Of Water Left and 5% Of Its Tree Cover. 80% of Pakistans agriculture relies on irrigation from the overstressed water system Germany wants Britain to stay in EU because it stops Europe from going to war  The history before the First world war was of not talking to each other, of alienation, of nationalisms. NSA Scandal Boosts German Tech Industry The German IT sector is hoping to profit from trust lost in American technology firms in the aftermath of the NSA spying scandal. But critics warn that plans to create a European routing system could affect the openness of the Internet. Oneyear prison sentence for 21yearold Twitter user who glorified terrorists The Catholic Church must remove all child sexual abusers from their posts and turn them over to the police, the UN says. UK Police blatantly lie on camera to falsely arrest citizen journalist Indigenous Groups No Keystone XL Pipeline Will Cross Our Lands  Native American communities are promising fierce resistance to stop TransCanada from building, & President Barack Obama from permitting, the northern leg of the Keystone Scotland becomes the 17th country in the world to legalize samesex marriage. BBC News  UN denounces the Vatican for systematically allowing priests to rape thousands of children Police beat boys who ran away from Salvation Army home Children who complained of sexual abuse were given a 'flogging' then taken back to home, former resident says Jamaican Bobsled Team Lose Luggage on Way to Sochi US ambassador to Germany admits NSA tapping of Merkel's phone was stupid Brazil senator proposes Snowden for Nobel Peace Prize  We are convinced that Mr Snowden's actions, more than those of any other individual, contributed to a more stable and peaceful future, said Grazziotin. AT&T Becomes First Major Advertiser to Protest Russias Antigay Law Philippine president compares China's expansion to Nazi Germany  At what point do you say, Enough is enough? Well, the world has to say it. Remember that the Sudetenland was given in an attempt to appease Hitler to prevent World War II, The king of Bahrain has approved a law imposing a jail sentence of up to seven years and a fine of up to 10,000 dinars ($26,500) for anyone who publicly insults him. Albania says it will ban all hunting for two years to protect animals threatened with extinction Apparently the NSA has been spying on the German Chancellor since 2002 Three bankers go on trial in Dublin over financial crash that brought Ireland to its knees A new Afghan law will allow men to attack their wives, children and sisters without fear of judicial punishment, undoing years of slow progress in tackling violence in a country plagued by honour killings, forced marriage and vicious domestic abuse. Norwegian Minister Of Health Brings His Husband To Sochi Babybeating charges dropped for mother begging with child in Barcelona, cops who falsely accused her sentenced to 2 years in jail. NBC All Visitors to Sochi Olympics Immediately Hacked Alberta pipeline ruptured in 2009, TransCanada and federal regulators hid report until a FOIA request by CBC New Afghanistan law passed by parliament, bans relatives of accused from testifying against them. Most violence against women is within the family, so the law effectively silences victims as well as most potential witnesses The United States has cut back sharply on its drone strikes in Pakistan after the Islamabad government asked for restraint while it seeks peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban The NSA also tapped the phone of Merkel's predecessor, German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, over his opposition to the Iraq War EU gives US six months to come clean on visa policy UN Accuses Vatican of Adopting Policies That Allowed Priests to Rape Children The system that provides half the drinking water to South Americas largest city, Sao Paulo, will run dry in 45 days if theres no rain, amid the biggest drought on record. Goldman Sachs Sued for Selling Libya Billions in Worthless Options A dog shelter backed by a Russian billionaire is engaged in a frantic lastditch effort to save hundreds of strays facing a death sentence before the Winter Olympics WeedLegalizing President Nominated For Nobel Peace Prize 3 tons of seized illegal ivory crushed in Paris How UK spies committed DoS attacks against Anonymous  Regular citizens would face 10 years in prison and enormous fines for committing a DoS / DDoS attack. The same applies if they encouraged or assisted in one. But if you work in the government, it seems like you're an exception to the rule. Vatican kept a code of silence on Child Sexual Abuse by Priests, says UN Report Fuck the EU, frustrated US Assistant Secretary of State says to US Ambassador to Ukraine in a leaked phone call about inaction and indecision by the European Union in solving Ukraines political crisis. Female genital mutilation is banned but very much alive in the UK Scientists have likely found Charlemagne's skeleton Giant jellyfish, never encountered before, found on Australian beach Former German chancellor US has 'no respect' The Harper Government Insists its Legal to Collect Metadata Bionic hand allows patient to 'feel'. Dennis Aabo was able to feel what was in his hand via sensors connected to nerves in his upper arm. Scientists have created a bionic hand which allows the amputee to feel lifelike sensations from their fingers. Tony Abbott launching a fullfrontal attack on renewable energy industry. The environment minister, Greg Hunt, jumped out of a plane to support a previous save our solar campaign on the grounds that Labors decision to meanstest the then $8,000 subsidy was putting the industry into freefall. Frozen Slovenia is witnessing 'The Worst Devastation In Living Memory' Israel said willing to give up 90% of West Bank Fire Destroys Iron Mountain Data Warehouse, Argentina's Bank Records Lost Winter Olympics 2014 Sochis day of reckoning has finally come  just dont look too closely Ukrainian activist forced to admit being U.S. spy under torture How Big Is Sochi's Terrorism Problem? It would be safer if we had the Olympics in North Korea. At least they dont have an active terrorist group blowing things up. Turkish MPs endorse internet control law Despite opposition from press freedom groups, Turkeys parliament approved a bill tightening control of Internet. 17yearold Fahma Mohamed calls on Michael Gove to help end female genital mutilation in the UK | She wants the education secretary to write to headteachers and ask them to train and inform teachers and parents about practice, which has affected an estimated 66,000 women and girls in the UK. Legal experts gobsmacked after British judge orders Mormon leader to prove faiths origins Over 400 dead dolphins wash up on northern Peru beaches Women in Tokyo are threatening a sex boycott against any man who votes for the frontrunner in this weekend's gubernatorial election, in protest at his claim that menstruation makes women unfit for government. UK Police will have ackdoor' access to health records despite optout, says MP | David Davis says police would be able to approach central NHS database without a warrant as critics warn of catastrophic breach of trust HSBC settlement approved no criminal charges, 5 weeks' profit in fines, deferred bonuses for laundering billions for narcoterrorists There are spycams in Olympic showers, Russian Deputy PM admits Massive protests in cities all over Bosnia. Citizens torching government buildings. China fury at Japanese claim that Nanjing massacre never took place Board member at Japan's state broadcaster denies infamous wartime slaughter of tens of thousands ever happened Saudi female student dies after male ambulance crew denied access University officials argued that the ambulance staff were males and could not enter the premises Great Barrier Reef on brink of devastation in relentless quest for coal Why 2,000 passengers just rioted at an airport in China  more than 2,000 delayed passengers stormed checkin counters at an airport in Henan province, smashing computers and equipment, in response to the airports fivehour long shutdown because of snow. Myanmar arrests five journalists for reporting the governments hiding a chemical weapons production plant. Chinas military worries that its onlychild recruits are wimps  Chinas millions of only childrenknown as little emperors for how they are doted upon by parents and grandparentsmay turn out to be terrible soldiers. The World Bank's former chief economist wants to replace the US dollar with a single global supercurrency, saying it will create a more stable global financial system. 'The dominance of the greenback is the root cause of global financial and economic crises,' Justin Yifu Lin told Bruegel 900,000 year old footprints in the UK have been confirmed as human 76yearold German woman celebrates birthday with cocaine binge in Berlin bar Video emerged of military dog taken hostage by Taliban. Thousands of Saudis vented their anger online over a report that staff at a Riyadh university had barred male paramedics from entering a women'sonly campus to assist a student who had suffered a heart attack and later died Bosnian police use stun grenades, rubber bullets as protesters torch government building  reports Russia bans Bitcoin Big Pharma presses US to quash cheap drug production in India Message to North Korea engagers Youre helping Kim Jong  People in Pyongyang and Wonsan have been watching buses disgorge respectful Europeans and Americans for years now. The regime spins these visits as pilgrimages, and the locals are invested enough in the national lifelie to believe it. A Nobel Peace Prize for legalizing marijuana  why not?  Uruguays President Jos Pepe Mujica has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for the second year in a row  for legalizing marijuana. Winning the lottery makes you more conservative, study finds A sudden windfall makes people less compassionate and 18% of winners immediately switched support to conservatives Solar Water Pumps Wean Farmers From Indias Archaic Grid  My crops would have failed if I hadnt opted for a solar pump. Leaked tape, US involvement in Ukraine. Third day of demonstrations in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Government buildings are on fire. How Japans BBC is rewriting its role in Second World War. Naoki Hyakuta says Japan was lured into the Second World War by America while liberating Asia from white colonialism. Fukushima radiation levels underestimated by five times, according to TEPCO. UK Immigration minister Mark Harper resigns after it emerges his cleaner did not have permission to work in UK Four LGBT Activists Arrested in Russia for Quoting the Olympic Charter Russian Olympic snowboarder puts Pussy Riot logo on his board Britain Puts Mormonism on Trial  A London court called the churchs leader to account for false doctrinesthe latest in a string of sensational charges leveled against Mormons since they 1st landed in Liverpool. Internet users all over the world are standing up to say no to GCHQ and the NSA's mass surveillance | Open Rights Group, Liberty, English PEN, Privacy International, Article 19, and Big Brother Watch are coming together to launch Don't Spy on Us on the 11th of February. China cancels USA corn purchases as GMO dispute drags on Turning table on NSA, US diplomats' phone call is bugged, leaked to YouTube | Did Russian spy apparatus capture senior official's F*ck the EU comment? The number of civilians killed and wounded in the conflict in Afghanistan rose 14% last year, the UN says. Nearly 3,000 civilians were killed and more than 5,600 were injured in 2013 Italy 'Cashmere' clothes found to contain Rat fur Irans Hassan Rouhani donates $400,000 to Tehran Jewish hospital Bank of England 'was told that traders were rigging currency rates two years ago but did nothing about it'. Traders claim they told Bank about information sharing in 2012 but officials told banks they should make up own rules. Rob Ford bans rainbow flag flying at Toronto City Hall LGBT people irrelevant at Olympics Toronto mayor Rob Ford wants Pride flag  just raised at City Hall to support gay rights at Sochi  taken down [Turkish] Allegedly there was an hijacking attempt on a Pegasus Flight with the aim of Sotji. Russia Censors Olympic Ring Mishap Ukrainian plane landed in Istanbul due to alleged hijacking attempt 10 LGBT activists arrested in Moscow  They came with rainbow flags and sang the Russian national anthem US vows to defend Japan against China Olympic officials are defending the use of TV rehearsal footage to cover up a glitch in Sochi's opening ceremony and the choice of a final torchbearer who had posted a racially offensive tweet about President Barack Obama. Nasa's Curiosity rover has taken a photograph of Earth from the surface of Mars, showing what our planet looks like from 100 million miles away. Two quakes strike near Fukushima UK could be hit by 150 mph winds as worst storm in decades approaches UK inequality is getting worse, quickly. The UK is now among the most inequal countries in Europe. You won't hear about the Bosnian revolution in news Protesters ask for the abolition of economic model that favors only the rich Edward Snowden has received eight public nominations for the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize Intelligence officials investigating how Edward Snowden gained access to a huge trove of the most highly classified documents say that he used inexpensive and widely available software to scrape the NSAs networks Danish zoo sparks outrage by killing healthy giraffe Foreign Office caught asking Spanish press to undermine Scottish independence Snowden documents show British spies use techniques to deny, disrupt, degrade and deceive by any means possible, such as setting up social media honey pots to harvest embarrassing information Mexico vigilantes enter Knights Templar cartel stronghold Why global water shortages pose threat of terror and war. Reserves dangerously depleted in California, the Middle East, Brazil, north Africa, South Asia and China Police fired water cannon and teargas to disperse hundreds of people protesting in central Istanbul on Saturday against new controls on the Internet approved by parliament this week. A giraffe at Copenhagen zoo will be destroyed tomorrow to keep the herd genetically pure Google will have to display on its French search page a notice saying it has been fined by the local dataprotection watchdog over how user information is tracked and stored, France's top administrative court ruled on Friday. Documents reveal chaotic military sexabuse record China accuses US of adding to regional tensions International Olympic Committee Will Not Object To Arrests And Beatings Of Russian LGBT Activists Sochi Olympics U.S., Russian judges accused of conspiring to help certain figure skaters The miracle cure  scientists turn human skin into stem cells. A simple laboratory process raises hopes of a cure for serious illnesses including heart disease and Parkinson's, and could lead to the creation of embryos, according to one scientist Iran sending warships close to US borders. Nick Clegg Attacks The Tory Party On Drugs, Calls For New Approach Immigration minister behind 'Go Home' campaign resigns for employing illegal immigrant In Yemen, questions and anger over U.S. drone targets after civilian deaths Child sex tourism warning for fans attending World Cup in Brazil Under the new Fair Elections Act Canadian Chief Electoral Officer (independent officer in charge of administering federal elections) says Conservative Government will remove his ability to promote and speak about democracy in Canada. Conservatives also invoked debate time limit. Turkish police fire tear gas to break up Internet protest Highdose vitamin C can boost the cancerkilling effect of chemotherapy in the lab and mice, research suggests. Given by injection, it could potentially be a safe, effective and lowcost treatment for ovarian and other cancers, say US scientists. Dubai mulls minimum salary for car owners Dubai authorities are considering introducing a scheme that would restrict car ownership to those earning above a certain salary, a top official was quoted as saying. Glenn Greenwald and Jeremy Scahill The NSA's Secret Role in the U.S. Assassination Program. At least 273 civilians in Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia have been killed Images of the Flying Spaghetti Monster banned from a London university for being religiously offensive Swiss vote Yes on Limits to Immigration 50.3% yes/49.7% no Google promised change to avoid $5bn fine by the European Commission. Google has been unethically favoring its products in internet searches. France's tough stance on female genital mutilation is working, say campaigners  Parents & 'cutters' have been jailed in France but concerns remain that parents go abroad  including to UK  for FGM UK borrowed US drones to carry out unreported strikes in Afghanistan  The UK has used American drones over 250 times to carry out previously unreported attacks in Afghanistan, the MoD has admitted Girl meets homeless Jamaican man in London, promises to get him home. Crowdfunds 3k in 24 hours. Catholics and church at odds on contraception, divorce and abortion Survey in 12 countries finds 78% of Catholics support contraception and 65% think abortion should be allowed NASA is now accepting applications from companies that want to mine the moon Joint investigation, Australian Broadcasting Commission's 4 Corners and 'The Australian' Israeli army targeting Palestinian boys with violent interrogations, thought to be intelligence gathering. Unicef released report on illtreatment of Palestinian minors in 2013 Antigovernment protests continue in Ukraine About 70,000 gather in central Kiev demanding president's resignation and formation of proWestern government. A confidential email shows a top Chinese regulator directly asked JP Morgan's chief executive, for afavor to hire a job applicant  Federal authorities are now investigating whether the hiring at JPMorgan was done explicitly to win business from Chinese companies Glenn Greenwald Launches New Site 'The Intercept' With Story On The NSA's Role In Targeted Killings [xpost from r/ecursiveRevolt] Fakefood scandal revealed as tests show third of products mislabelled | Consumers are being sold drinks with banned flameretardant additives, pork in beef, and fake cheese, laboratory tests show Smoking ban in cars carrying children expected to be passed Suspicious Death of JPMorgan Vice President, Gabriel Magee, Under Investigation in London Edward Snowden revelations GCHQ using online viruses and honey traps to discredit targets French journalist hacks govt by inputting correct URL, later fined $4,000+ 'N. Korea ready for 4th nuclear test' Two SA cops filmed dying man while laughing about uploading it to Facebook. China spending more than Europe on science and technology as GDP percentage, new figures reveal Mexico vigilantes parade through Knights Templar stronghold  Hundreds of vigilantes, backed up by armoured vehicles and troops, had set up roadblocks around the western city before entering it on Saturday. CNN Latino Shuts down shortly after its uncovered that bankers, Fugitives from Ecuador, were financing it  FBI investigates, Lawmaker receives donations (links on description) Four million Pakistanis working in slavelike conditions N. Korea attack on U.S. could push Japan into collective defense Abe  Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday that Japan views an attack by North Korea on the United States as a case in which it could exercise the right to collective selfdefense Suicide bomb instructor accidentally gives live demonstration to pupils  22 dead Feb. 11 Is 'The Day We Fight Back' Against NSA Surveillance | More than 5,300 webbased companies and other organizations, including Reddit, Imgur, Tumblr, Mozilla the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the ACLU, have joined forces to protest National Security Agency surveillance on Feb. 11. Donald Trump loses legal challenge to windfarm near his Scottish golf resort. Canada's new citizenship bill gives the government power to revoke citizenship from natural born citizens. Why Mexico's 'drug war' is not about drugs. Many of the civilians taking on the gangs say they care little about illicit narcotics. We aren't against drug traffickers. We are against organized crime. An Australian organic farmer lost his certification due to GM seeds being spread from his neighbour's farm. He is now suing his neighbour in what might be a world first (xpost) Fisherman nets centuriesold statue of Greek god Apollo in Gaza Strip New fossil site found in Canada could be worlds most important. UK to ban smoking in cars carrying children by 2015 Kaspersky Lab Uncovers The Mask One of the Most Advanced Global Cyberespionage Operations to Date NASAs Mars orbiter sees signs of seasonal water flow on Mars surface An Afghan girl has been diagnosed with polio in Kabul  the capital's first case since the Taliban's fall in 2001. Polio remains endemic in Afghanistan, Pakistan and northern Nigeria. Islamic extremists have obstructed health workers, preventing polio eradication campaigns from taking place. Bin Laden death images subject to purge, emails reveal Revealed Big Pharma's hidden links to NHS policy Australian mother hides her children under a blanket in neighbours dam as one of over 100 bushfires in Victoria rages above their heads. They survived after being in the water for over an hour. Company in France becomes first in country to ban wearing of Muslim headscarves at work Lost for centuries, a rare bronze statue of the Greek god Apollo has mysteriously resurfaced in the Gaza Strip, only to be seized by police and vanish almost immediately from view. Major NSA intelligence facility established in Jerusalem Tiger evades hunters, kills 10th person in India Australian TV Host slams his own network for paying $2million to a convicted drug smuggler for an interview after spending 9 years in Indonesian prison. Algeria plane crash 'kills 103' Indian couple kills Iranian student for refusing threesome A senior official connected with the seasonal dolphin hunt in Taiji, Wakayama, Japan, is defending the tradition as painless to the small cetaceans and is inviting U.S. Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy to see for herself. Intellectual property rights US set to punish India Nigeria Uses Sharia Law And The Whip To Sanitize Gays Australian Politician Clive Palmer's nickel refinery pumped toxic waste into Great Barrier Reef park  Company discharged toxic wastewater into world heritage area despite being forbidden from doing so U.S. Plummets in Global Press Freedom Rankings Former Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama said Wednesday that Japan committed indescribable wrongdoings by forcing women from South Korea and elsewhere to serve as wartime sex slaves. Raise prices of leukaemia and ovarian cancer meds by 4,000 % or we wont supply Drug manufacturer Aspen Pharmacare threatens to cut off crucial treatment to Spain. Judge Who Sentenced Protesters Shot Dead in Ukraine A Ukrainian judge who recently sentenced several political protesters to house arrest has been shot dead by unknown attackers, police said Wednesday. EU loses faith in U.S. ability to manage Internet They beat me with a metal rod. They dripped molten plastic on my back. They beat the soles of my feet and then they forced me to stand for long periods of time, sometimes for days.  Hundreds of Eritreans enslaved in torture camps in Sudan and Egypt Japanese readers angry after South Korea Maxim runs story about how to date a Japanese girl who hasn't been exposed to radiation. Edward Snowden asylum demand dropped by European parliament MEPs reach no consensus on amendment to inquiry calling on governments to assure NSA whistleblower of his safety University tears down Flying Spaghetti Monster posters for offending Christians Bing censoring Chinese language search results for users in the US in the same way it filters results in mainland China  English and Chinese language queries for terms such as Dalai Lama return radically different results on Microsoft search engine Russia hoarded 400,000 tons of snow for over a year so it could save the Olympics this week Iran womens football team turned out to include four men Bosnia wants a new government of the expert, the young and, above all, the uncorrupt China hit by 6.8 magnitude earthquake, damages and casualties unclear Polish Woman Guilty Of Killing Two Million Bees With AntiMosquito Spray UK slips down press freedom index due to harassment of the Guardian | US also registers fall in latest world press freedom indexreach no consensus on amendment to inquiry calling on governments to assure NSA whistleblower of his safety An Afghan town gets its first female highschool graduates 400 arrested in global trafficking crackdown. Officers collected a treasure trove of black market goods 36 rhino horns, 3+ metric tons of elephant ivory, 10,000+ turtles, 1,000+ protectedspecies skins, 10,000+ European eels, and over 100+ tons rosewood logs. EU 'secretly spent 320 million on surveillance drone development'  MPs furious as report reveals out of control EU is developing surveillance drones without any kind of democratic accountability Belgium set to extend righttodie law to children amid intense opposition Pakistani family fear for 'disappeared' antidrone activist, just days before he was due to testify before European parliamentarians Bolivias Morales The US abolished Costa Ricas army  I really feel there is a rebellion in Latin America to be democratically freed from the empire. Without U.S. imperialism, there will no longer be coups and we will no longer have our natural resources plundered. Fiji Invites People of Kiribati to take Refuge There When Their Country is lost to Rising Sea Levels You will be able to migrate with dignity. The spirit of the people of Kiribati will not be extinguished Gay Austrian athlete says fuss over Russia law is exaggerated London City Banker tried to put neighbour in mental hospital over 12 inches of land. Italy court overturns law equating cannabis with heroin Venezuela antigovernment rally turns deadly Slaughtered for Ivory 65% of Forest Elephants Killed Since 2002  which means only 35% remain. Annual mortality rate is exceedingly high, at 9% a yr. By the time you eat breakfast, another elephant has been slaughtered to produce trinkets for the ivory market. Massive Protests in Venezuela ignored by local media. The risk of reporting US drone strikes Yemen researcher says he received a death threat after investigating deadly weddingconvoy attack. Mexican Tycoon Becomes First Foreigner to Exploit Citizens United to Influence U.S. Elections Britain warns Scotland Forget the pound if you break away UK launches 500,000 fund to help male victims of rape and sexual abuse German postwoman sacked for taking too much time off work while undergoing chemotherapy Tepco hid recordlevel radiation data last July Union apologises for censoring atheist 'Spaghetti Monster' poster. The jobless rate in Greece reached a record high of 28% in November, according to newly released government figures. Venezuelan Radio Host Post Soundbyte about Marshall law in Mrida, Venezuela. The Government has ordered all radio stations to seize broadcasting of any live content. (Rough translation in comments) The Chinese moon rover Jade Rabbit has awaken; comms signal strength now reinstates to a normal level; tech team is trying to identify and fix issues with control system EU tells Britain to include Prostitutes And Drug Dealers in GDP Venezuela One Wounded, Two Dead after Opposition Protest. (Video. NB Graphic) Chinese villagers attack factory after reports of polluting Strange Sshaped phenomenon appears off Western Australia coast on weather bureau radar; bureau says it's not a cloud and doesn't know what it is China announces $1.6B air pollution fund The Bank of England has confirmed that economic forecasting is basically impossible Male prostitution on the rise in Lebanon Indian Parliament erupts in chaos after MP uses pepper spray Spain makes abortion a criminal offense Nuclear fusion breakthrough raises hopes for ultimate green energy source | Scientists have moved a step closer to achieving sustainable nuclear fusion and almost limitless clean energy. The UK Government UTurns on Election Promise; dropping plans to give voters the ability to dismiss Members of Parliament for serious wrongdoing. Russian MPs seek nationwide ban on child beauty pageants Islamic fundamentalists in Syria have started to destroy archaeological treasures, such as Byzantine mosaics and Greek and Roman statues, because their portrayal of human beings is contrary to their religious beliefs Silk road 2 hacked. All bitcoins stolen. Twitter is being blocked in Venezuela by the Government No banks should be promised eternal life  Norwegian governor of the Norwegian federal reserve says. Belgium's parliament removes age limit on euthanasia Russia Expands Adoption Ban  Russia is now forbidding single people (gay or straight), who live in any country where gay marriage is legal, from adopting Russian children Volcano erupts in Indonesia, 100,000 evacuated, airports closed ISIL Stones Syrian Girl to Death for Facebook Membership. Says It Is Tantamount To Adultery Australian politician who has never heard of VPN's; let alone understand what they are for; believes internet file downloads can be stopped by legislation of ISP's Mexican officials introduce bills seeking to relax marijuana laws Four African nations pledge to end all sales of ivory Botswana, Gabon, Chad and Tanzania won't sell their ivory stockpiles to protect elephants from poaching TEPCO latest readings detects record levels of radioactive cesium near Pacific, 600 times higher than allowed to be released into the ocean Britain's hundred years of conflict. If withdrawal from Afghanistan is successful, it will be the first time in 100 years that nation has not been at war. Snowden 'left in the lurchy EU Parliament | An EU parliament's committee has issued a damning report about the scale and the impact of mass surveillance. But there is no consensus on an amendment to give asylum to intelligence leaker Edward Snowden. Belgium now the first country to legalize euthanasia for minors under 18. Al Jazeera 70 men and women executed in DR Congo mainly by armed groups to spread terror among the population 9 Die in Fire Destroying Argentine Bank Archives Kerry says China willing to pressure North Korea on nuclear plans Hamas blocks UN textbooks in Gaza, saying they focus too much on peaceful conflict resolution Crimes against humanity in NKorea, UN panel finds A U.N. Commission of Inquiry has found that crimes against humanity have been committed in North Korea and recommends that its findings be referred to the International Criminal Court Big Brother HSBC bank wanted to know what I'd spend my money on Penguin Books India has reportedly agreed to recall and destroy all copies in India of a book about Hinduism by a U.S. religious scholar in response to a civil case filed by a nationalist organisation, raising concerns over the increasing sway of interest groups over freedom of expression. LastPlace Speed Skater Wins Gold Medal After Everyone Else Falls Down Italy overturns 'absurd' drug law equating marijuana and hard drugs Italys constitutional court has overturned a controversial law equating cannabis with cocaine and heroin. The decision could see around 10,000 people released from the countrys overburdened jails. A mob armed with wooden clubs and iron bars, screaming that they were going to cleanse their neighborhood of gay people, dragged 14 young men from their beds and assaulted them The operator of Japan's wrecked Fukushima nuclear plant knew about record high measurements of a dangerous isotope in groundwater at the plant for five months before telling the country's nuclear watchdog, a regulatory official told Reuters. Ugandan president to sign law imposing lifetime jail sentence for homosexuality Pakistani Taliban To Ancient Tribe Convert To Islam Or Die Villagers in southwestern China infuriated by a factory that was polluting the environment smashed its offices and equipment, and later clashed with police, underscoring the potential for such concerns to trigger violent unrest. UK Government Official Gets Twitter Parody Account Closed Down For Mocking Politicians And Heads Of Large Companies Saudi Arabia agrees to provide Syria rebels with mobile antiaircraft missiles A U.N. Commission of Inquiry has found that crimes against humanity have been committed in North Korea and recommends that its findings be referred to the International Criminal Court Ukraine frees all protesters detained during unrest Archaeologists have unearthed shell tools around 20,000 years old that could help clear up mysteries surrounding the ancestors of modern Japanese people Australian Government To Buy Giant Drones Worth $3 Billion To Protect The Country Glenn Greenwald Calls Guardian Book On Snowden 'Bullshit' Merkel, Hollande to discuss European communication network that avoids U.S. Poland's Surveillance Programs Could Be Worse than the NSA Starbucks openly admits to using carcinogenic shoe chemical in China stores Pakistani antidrone activist, Kareem Khan, who was abducted last week before he was meant to speak against drones in Europe, is released by his captors. Anders Breivik demands better video games and threatens hunger strike over jail 'hell' BBC News  Greens calls for clearout of 'climate change deniers' [UK] India Unveils Astronaut Capsule | Science/AAAS CSEC exoneration a 'mockery of public accountability'  Canada The major city of Guangzhou in southern China closed its live poultry markets for two weeks to halt the spread of the H7N9 strain of bird flu Chinese Man Allegedly Pushes Girlfriend Into Manhole According to Sky News, the suspect told police he had planned to kill the woman because he owed her a debt of 100,000 yuan (approximately $16,000) Twitter confirms that Venezuela's Government is blocking access to Images after days of protests Nanjing massacre denial by governor of Japan's public broadcaster NHK prompts chilly response from U.S. Embassy Homeless man wins the lottery with his last few coins, vows to spend winnings setting up a foundation for addicts and abused women. A topsecret document, obtained by the former N.S.A. contractor Edward J. Snowden, shows that an American law firm was monitored while representing a foreign government in trade disputes with the United States. NSA aftermath Germany decides to massively ramp up counterintelligence against Western allies, after Obama denies nospy treaty With Porn Filters Going Oh So Well, UK Roars Ahead In Expanding Them To Include 'Extremist' Content [xpost] Qatar World Cup 400 Nepalese have died since construction began Calls grow for Fifa to take decisive action as humanrights group prepares to release report on mounting death toll Toronto childporn investigation leads to major political scandal in Germany Doctors group tells US, big pharma to get off Indias back Protesters are being shot by the police in Chacao, Venezuela South Africa mine accident Rescuers trying to reach 200 illegal workers in mine near Johannesburg Greece grapples with soaring numbers of abandoned children and babies Cuba shuts down US travel visas. Indonesia has said Australia and America need to 'clean up their mess' to salvage relations with Indonesia after revelations that Australia spied on a law firm representing Indonesia in a trade dispute. Bahrain protest attracts tens of thousands, no clashes  thousands of Bahrainis joined a peaceful demonstration on Saturday to mark the third anniversary of an abortive prodemocracy uprising led by majority Shi'ite Muslims Business boycott Israelis feeling the pinch A North Korean ship, caught in July while trying to move undeclared Cuban weapons through the Panama Canal, left on Saturday to Cuba, the Foreign Ministry said. The ship got the green light last week to leave Panama after Pyongyang paid a fine of nearly $700,000. US law firm spied on by Australian spy agency, offered to share details with the NSA, including information covered by attorneyclient privilege. Ukraine protesters end Kyiv City Hall occupation Explosion on a bus on Egyptian side of SinaiIsrael border Saudi Arabia to shut down offending websites Japan's Rakuten buys chat app Viber for $900 million to expand digital empire Germany draws up plans against NSA to counter American spies on its soil Israel Prepares Media War Against Boycott Movement Brazil's World Cup courts disaster as delays, protests and deaths mount | An attack on the president's office was just the latest alarming episode in the runup to June's tournament Hundreds trapped in South African gold mine Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's most influential aide on Saturday rejected criticism from China that Japan is lurching toward militarism and said Tokyo would keep seeking dialogue with both Beijing and Seoul, ties with which have been badly strained by rows over territory and wartime history. Snowden's Lawyer aggressively intimidated in Heathrow Dolphins 'suffering miscarriage, lung disease, losing teeth after BP oil spill' researchers claim Catholic bishop who spent $480,000 on wardrobes used children's charity cash to build new $40million HQ North Korean human rights abuses systematic and unparalleled, says UN. Inquiry chairman writes to Kim Jongun warning he could face trial at The Hague for crimes against humanity Scientists have made an impassioned plea for humanity to pause and think before making a headlong rush to exploit the deep sea. The researchers said the oceans' lowest reaches had untold riches that could benefit mankind enormously, but not if the harvesting were done destructively. Denmark bans religious slaughter of animals Defending the government's decision, Agriculture and Food Minister Dan Jrgensen told Denmark's TV2 television that animal rights come before religion Members of 'Flat Earth Society'? U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday called climate change perhaps the world's most fearsome destructive weapon and mocked those who deny its existence or question its causes, comparing them to people who insist the Earth is flat. Rupert Murdoch's empire receives $882m tax rebate from Australia  Payment revealed by News Corp in US likely to reignite debate over how much tax is paid by international corporations Chinese Archaeologists have discovered an ancient tomb in Alaer, Southern Xinjiang. The finding shows that the skeleton of the Qiang people 4,000 years ago was nearly 2.3 meters, or 7.5 feet long. Also, the Qiang people's front teeth are vertically grown, unlike modern people's teeth Taliban behead 23 Pak soldiers, peace talks with govt collapse Little British Columbia Fishing Club Takes on US Billionaire  Dispute arose when club protested against Stanley Kroenke's ranch policy of locking gates on roads leading to 2 lakes after turning them private for sportfishing, with a lodge charge of $349 a night & $195 for a fishing guide. North Korea's Kim warned he might face charges over atrocities China said on Monday it was extremely concerned by a report that Japan has resisted returning to the United States more than 300 kg (660 lb) of mostly weaponsgrade plutonium, the latest dispute between the two Asian neighbors. 11 arrested for serving human meat at Nigerian hotel restaurant. Edward Snowden leak Australia spied on Indonesian phones and data European boycotts begin to bite, catching Israel's attention Last year, Jordan Valley farmers lost an estimated $29 million, or 14 percent of revenue due to the campaign In election year, Romania debates giving human rights to dolphins EU freezes Switzerland out of reseach and education grants. North American Leaders Urged to Restore Monarch Butterflys Habitat Journalists who broke NSA story in Guardian receive George Polk Awards | Ewen MacAskill, Glenn Greenwald and Laura Poitras honoured.; Polk curator repercussions of NSA will be with us for years South Korea building collapse Dozens of students trapped Shunning Creditors, Iceland Goes It Alone As Economy Rebounds Iceland's government feels it can shun international investors while enjoying economic growth  witness its dismissive response to a $5 billion lawsuit over Icesave debts and a tough stance on paying bond creditors. China's plan to clean up air in cities will doom the climate, scientists say | News | EcoBusiness Tens of thousands of Turks stage antigovernment protests in Istanbul Ethiopian Airlines Flight 702 Squawks Hijacking for Reasons Unknown Glenn Greenwald Topsecret documents from the National Security Agency and its British counterpart reveal for the first time how the governments of the United States and the United Kingdom targeted WikiLeaks and other activist groups with tactics ranging from covert surveillance to prosecution. At the end of the Second World War so many people said 'if only we had known... if only we had known the wrongs that were done in the countries of the hostile forces Michael Kirby (UN) on how the world must act on North Korea rights abuse Saudi Arabia women banned from visiting hospitals without male guardian Another JP Morgan Banker Suicide. Policeman who shot and killed a pregnant restauranteur for not serving him milk tea gets the death sentence News Corps $882m blew the Australian budget 'The single largest factor in the underlying deterioration of the federal budget announced by Treasurer Joe Hockey in December was a cash payout of almost $900 million to Rupert Murdochs News Corp' No Swiss fighter jets were scrambled Monday when an Ethiopian Airlines copilot hijacked his own plane and forced it to land in Geneva, because it happened outside business hours, the Swiss airforce said. Another huge violent clash is happening in Ukraine right now. This is all being streamed live online. Killer starfish are eating the Great Barrier Reef by smothering and digesting its flesh. Scientists are blaming the problem on fertiliser from nearby sugar cane farms. An American citizen who is a member of alQaeda is actively planning attacks against Americans overseas, US officials say, and the Obama administration is weighing up whether to kill him with a drone strike and how to do so legally Angela Merkel Let US spies keep their internet. The EU will build its own Venezuela Intelligence Officials Burst Into Opposition Headquarters. Lacking a Warrant, Agents Enter with Guns Drawn (video) NSA, and GCHQ, deployed Internet surveillance technologies against Wikileaks in a campaign that also encouraged international governments to take action against the websites founder, according to newly leaked documents from NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden. North American leaders called upon to save monarch butterfly Kazakhstan Lace underwear ban sparks protests Qatar World Cup toll More than 450 Indian migrant workers in Qatar have died in the last two years, media revealed on Monday. Another upcoming report will show that 400 Nepalese have lost their lives scrambling to get the Gulf state ready for the 2022 World cup. Ukraine Maidan Protests Escalate Once Again Five dead in Ukraine clashes Iran's interior minister has warned it may send forces into Pakistan if it does not act to free five Iranian border guards seized 10 days ago North Korea 'You are brainwashed from the time you know how to talk'  UN dossier of regime's human rights abuses contains appalling stories of how state brutally enforces 'racial purity' Heavy clashes near Parliament in Kiev, Ukraine 18.02.2014 Israel boycott movement is antisemitic, says Binyamin Netanyahu | World news Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats accused of spurring protests Venezuela gave three US diplomats 48 hours to leave the country Monday as Washington rejected as baseless and false accusations it was aiding protests against the government of President Nicolas Maduro. U.K. drafting legislation to expand porn filter to include 'Extremist' websites Leftwing Mexican senators on Tuesday presented an initiative to Legalize Medical Marijuana, saying a new approach was needed to speed up drug liberalization and help end a cycle of cartel violence that has killed tens of thousands At least nine reported dead, over 100 injured in Kiev as violent clashes break out near Ukraine's parliament Thai court bans use of violence against protesters. Pussy Riot attacked with whips by Cossack militia at Sochi Olympics Edward Snowden Elected Rector of Glasgow University Ukraine Revolt sticky post Ukraine's bloodiest day of protests, 18+ dead South Africa Parliament Introduces Bill To Legalize Marijuana Rioters seize over 1,500 guns in Ukraine, Government pledges antiterrorism measures Ukraine Police shooting and throwing granades to people in Kijev Live stream China plans to spend 2 trillion yuan, or $330 billion, on an action plan to tackle pollution of its scarce water resources, state media said on Tuesday. Tony Blair gave advice to newspaper executive Rebekah Brooks on handling the phonehacking scandal six days before her arrest, a court has heard. Jane Goodall China Is Colonizing Africa IOC bans Ukraine's athletes from wearing black armbands at Sochi 13 People Believed Killed as Police Storm Ukrainian Protest Camp Greece posts first current account surplus Greece has reached a current account surplus for the first time in 66 years, according to figures released on Wednesday by the Bank of Greece. David Miranda detention at Heathrow airport was lawful, high court rules | Detention of former Guardian journalist's partner was justified by 'very pressing' interests of national security, judges say Tensions Rise as Thousands of Venezuelans March in Protest Venezuela opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez surrenders UK High Court Dismisses Miranda Claim  Supports Terrorism interpretation The Battle for Kiev Begins Head of one of Russia's few independent radio stations is ousted in favor of wife of a Putin crony, fueling concerns that Putin's crackdown on civil liberties and free journalism is intensifying. Ukrainian regime launches a deadly attack on the protesters Tony Blair allegedly offered to advise Rupert Murdoch, phonehacking trial told Venezuela Opposition Leader was arrested Tuesday, after emerging from days of hiding and making an impassioned speech to thousands of supporters, saying he hoped his detention will open Venezuelans' eyes to the increasingly authoritarian bent of their government. Ukraine Video of police shooting AK47 and sniper rifles at people 600 year old Voynich manuscript partially decoded by University of Bedfordshire professor 22yearold student dies from bullet wound after being shot in the head during a protest, 5th fatality of unrest in Venezuela Keystone Pipeline struck down by Nebraska Judge Truce crumbles amid gunfire in Ukraine that kills 21 Iraq offers $17,200 reward for killing jihadists Iraq's government has offered a reward of $17,200 for each foreign militant killed from alQaeda or ISIS, a former affiliate. A larger reward of $25,800 is being offered for the capture of militants belonging to the two groups. CNN cameras taken at gunpoint in Venezuela The Russian government evicted 2,000 people out of their homes to build a $9 billion highway just for the Olympics. Further investigation found Russian did not systematically implement a fair and transparent process to repay them. Wild bumblebees worldwide are in trouble, likely contracting deadly diseases from their commercialized honeybee cousins, a new study shows. New highly radioactive leak at Japan's Fukushima plant. A hobby archaeologist with a metal detector has discovered a trove of gold and silver in a German forest dating back to late Roman times, fuelling speculation that it could be the legendary Nibelung treasure which inspired composer Richard Wagners operatic Ring Cycle. Brazilian Senate will discuss the legalization of Cannabis. Bill to legalize medical marijuana proposed in Mexico North and South Koreans hold rare family reunions Women join the Kurdish fight in Syria Syrian Kurds are fighting for an autonomous region in the northeast of the country. They have largely managed to drive out Assad's troops. Now they're fighting AlQaeda terrorists. A third of the fighters are women. Nigerian Mafia running wild in Japan. Brokering heroin sales with yakuza members, forcing Filipino women into prostitution, performing money laundering, committing car theft and arranging fake marriages are among the common illegal schemes Food Scam Tons of Fake Food, Drinks Seized in Interpol Bust  Environmental offenses were uncovered as over 1,200 metric tons of fake or substandard food & nearly 430,000 liters of counterfeit drinks seized across Europe, Asia, & the Americas. After highly likely bugging uncovered at the Irish police oversight office, things keep getting stranger. Justice Minister, implicated by recorded conversation in trying to silence police whistleblowers, sacks his own appointee and associate. China training for short, sharp war, says senior US naval officer US investigates illegal military equipment shipments from Israel to Iran China To Spend $330 Billion On Cleaning Up Polluted Water Report Deadly drone strike in Yemen failed to comply with Obamas rules to protect civilians  The Washington Post A German professor at a top Swiss university has quit over rampant 'xenophobia' in his host country Mexico lawmakers introduce marijuana legalization bill [xpost /r/LegalNews] Nigeria's central bank governor Lamido Sanusi has been suspended after he alleged that $20bn (12bn) in oil revenue had gone missing. Ukrainian Skier Pulls Out of Olympics To Join Protestors In Kiev Polish minister warns protest leader 'you'll all be dead.' The Polish foreign minister has been filmed telling a protest leader If you don't support this [deal] you'll have martial law, you'll have the army. You will all be dead. Footage captured of clearly marked medic being shot by police snipers in Kiev. The People Have Won Ukraine President Yanukovych calls early vote Footage of the massacre in Kiev, Ukraine today from Twitter (new images every 15 minutes, video of snipers) Venezuela threatens to expel CNN over protest coverage US investigates illegal military equipment shipments from Israel to Iran US Homeland Security says Israeli arms dealers have been sending spare military jet parts to Iran in breach of sanctions EU to impose sanctions on Ukrainian officials responsible for killings in Kiev Kyiv sees deadliest day in 3 months of protests Medic says at least 70 killed, 500 wounded Russia is prepared to fight a war over the Ukrainian territory of Crimea to protect the ethnic Russian population and its military base there, a senior government official has told the FT. Ukrainian parliament voted for ceasefire, the return of police to their bases and prohibited gun use. South Korea has announced it is developing offensive cyberwarfare capabilities to cripple North Korea's nuclear and missile facilities. Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych's Allies Start Deserting Him Venezuela's poor join protests as turmoil grips Chvez's revolution  This country can't stay like this for much longer. If it's not lack of food, it is the fear of being killed when you step out of your house to go to work, Jorge Farias said. I would like to wake up without this fear, Sticky Post Ukraine & Venezuela While protests rage in Ukraine and Venezuela, they are also occurring in Bosnia Ukraines parliament just threw President Yanukovych under the bus. Thats great news. Libyan rape victims of Gadaffi forces to be recognized as war victims, receive compensation like that of wounded exsoldiers No Protester Is Safe From Snipers Or AK47s In Ukraine (GRAPHIC VIDEO) President Yanukovich announces Ukraine to hold early Presidential election Canada joins EU in slapping sanctions on Ukraine as death toll rises in Kyiv Ukraine president says deal has been reached to end days of bloodshed The Ukrainian President has agreed to hold early elections, and to the formation of a national unity government, according to the Polish Prime Minister, following talks earlier today. Tough austerity measures in Greece leave nearly a million people with no access to healthcare, leading to soaring infant mortality, HIV infection and suicide Chinese government officials have quietly become more sceptical about foreign banks' research reports and are avoiding senior economists at global banks, partly because of growing mutual distrust over the scale and seriousness of the country's debt problems. Ukrainian protestors have gained control over the presidential building. President is on the run Venezuela Shuts Off the Internet After Blocking Twitter and Preventing News Organizations from Covering the Protests University of the People, a tuitionfree online university targeted toward the world's poor, has received accreditation to award real degrees Men banned from becoming Queen of England or a Princess, as gay marriage approaches in UK. Five former Guantanamo detainees from Turkey, Uzbekistan and Algeria, who are now settled in other countries, are seeking damages in a US appeals court for years of sexual, mental and physical abuse at the US detention centre, where they were held without charge or trial. Ukraine's president says he won't resign and likens country's political crisis to Nazis' rise. Venezuela revokes visas of CNN journalists for spreading war propaganda The Croatian Catholic Church has found one of its priests guilty of sexually abusing minors, the first such ruling in the staunchly Catholic nation Manitoba becomes first province in Canada and only jurisdiction in North America to declare Hell's Angels a criminal organization. Ukraine Protesters remain occupying Kyiv Square, cautious of how truthfully Yanukovych and the Ukrainian Gov. will honor the deal signed earlier yesterday to make major reforms. Policemen join the protesters instead of fighting them. Live former Ukrainian PM Yulia Tymoshenko to be freed U.S. Official Beijing Preparing For 'Short, Sharp' War With Japan Sochi Games hit by first doping shock  A German double goldmedal winning female biathlete has failed a doping test Ukrainian parliament introduced bill to impeach president Yanukovich Young Ukrainian who tweeted, I am dying, has become symbol of protest About 4,000 people deported from US are stuck in noman's land between border and Tijuana, unwanted by US or Mexico. The Ukraine sticky post Whistle Blowers Protection Bill passed by the Indian Parliament NAFTA leaders agree to protect monarch butterfly New Iranian newspaper shutdown after questioning Islamic legal principles The Council voted to dismiss Yanukovych and announced elections for May 25! Britain's bank bosses to get millions in share payments in bonus cap dodge | Payments would be on top of bank leadersasic pay in a move to circumvent EU's limits on bonuses. Ukrainian protesters claim full control of capital amid reports president has left Kyiv Reports that Yanukovych has resigned and fled Ukraine. Lithuania opens CIA black site probe Mexico's biggest drug Lord Joaquin el chapo Guzman has been captured. Turkish citizens say no to internet censorship and take streets in protest Reuters NSA now bugging 320 German officials in place of Merkel  including Merkel's most trusted confidant  after Obama promised to stop monitoring Merkel. NSA Affair Constitutional Court President Had Strong Words for the US  How can one criticize the human rights situation in China or the Turkish governments measures to restrict Internet usage, when basic civil rights are being disregarded in such a manner in the U.S.? asked Holzinger Ukraine sticky post Call To Make Drinking While Pregnant A Crime Yanukovich Attempts To Flee Ukraine But Is Stopped By Border Guards U.S. now bugging German ministers in place of Merkel report Canadian journalist disappears from Hotel in Cambodia while filming documentary on Khmer Rouge. Beijing Air Pollution Reaches 11Times WHO Recommended Levels Venezuela orders troops into border city amid fierce clashes Paratroopers sent into San Cristobal in the border state of Tachira and an internet blackout imposed, as residents say they are living in a 'war zone' Germany Embraces Creation of European Data Networks as Shield from NSA Dont panic. But theres a global coffee shortage. Iceland moves to withdraw EU application The Saudi gov't/family is about to hire the Binladen Group to destroy the house Muhammad was born in to build a palace for members of the royal family. President Yanukovych`s house Leaders in Russianspeaking east Ukraine vote to take control of their areas Smog is the best defense against laser weapons from the US, Chinese theorist says Shanghaiist Pakistani jet fighters and helicopter gunships kill more than 40 militants in two days of intense bombardment Australians hold vigils across the country for slain asylum seeker killed while in custody in 'Australia's Guantanamo'. Ukrainian parliament appoints speaker Oleksander Turchinov as interim president Ukraine Yulia Tymoshenko released as country lurches towards split Russia Pledges to Fight for Crimea if Ukraine Splits Brazilian Chancellor to the USA identified in a report sent to the State Department in 2012 as a financial component of the Sinaloa Cartel 'You have removed this cancer from our country' Ukraine former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko addresses protesters in Independence Square after release from prison The Egyptian government has resigned. President Yoweri Museveni has signed the Ugnada antigay bill. The new law punishes firsttime offenders with 14 years in jail, and allows life imprisonment as the penalty for acts of aggravated homosexuality. The law makes it a crime not to report gay people. Venezuela how photos get manipulated. This article provides graphic evidence of how some postings on social and other media have reproduced images culled from elsewhere and portrayed them as depicting events in Venezuela... Russia advises U.S. to watch its own use of force  Interfax Japanese company proposes to build solar power cells on the Moon to provide clean energy to Earth. ExVenezuelan general in armed standoff at home Australian gem is 'oldest piece of Earth ever found'  and shows life could have formed on our planet earlier than anyone thought possible Venezuelas central bank said yesterday that the scarcity index reached 28 percent in January, the highest since the central bank created the measure in 2005, meaning that more than one in four basic goods was out of stock at any given time. Two suicide bombers killed a senior alQaida operative, blowing themselves up inside the militant leader's compound in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo New Zealand set to raise minimum wage 50c to $14.25/hour from April 1 Sochi Olympic end. Russia takes the most medals Hospital records of all NHS patients sold to insurers Diplomats fear Australia will wreck UN probe into Sri Lankan war crimes Retired Venezuelan general to be arrested following decapitation of motorist at opposition blockade U.S. imposes visa bans against 20 Ukrainian officials Pakistan minister offers Taliban cricket match for peace China Must Reduce Unbearable Smog, Government Adviser Says American inmate killed after shooting guards in Israeli prison. Taliban Attack Afghan Army Base, Killing Soldiers in Their Sleep George Brandis refuses to back up claim that Snowden put lives at risk | Attorney general says he is aware of particular cases on the basis of intelligence briefings but will not reveal the information Sanctioning Iranians' health  Before the sanctions reached their full impact over the past two years, the Iranian healthcare system was long considered one of the most advanced in the Middle East, with health standards among the highest in the developing world. Snowflake malfunction Russia makes fun of itself in Sochi closing ceremonies. Mexico hunts for No. 2 after netting cartel boss My playmate the monster The man who saw Kim JongUn from rockstar boyhood to bloodsoaked dictatorship tells his story Majority of Finns reject NATO membership Russia Says It Will Keep Out of Ukrainian Affairs Ukraine protester falls for policeman at barricades, offered live TV interview about romance, instead rants about corruption in the TV station and shames them with pictures of her dead friends. It is true that I fell in love with the policeman that I met, but I'm going to tell you another story... Was Apple security flaw actually an NSA backdoor? Turkish main opposition convenes over Erdoan's voice recording regarding $1 billion cash stored in several properties of Erdoan family. Mt. Gox is dead Rumors swirl over insolvency of Japanbased Bitcoin exchange as leaked documents show $375 million worth of Bitcoin was stolen from cold storage accounts HSBC hands allowances to hundreds of bankers to avoid EU bonus cap | Britain's biggest bank awards staff 'fixed pay allowances' to sidestep restriction on bonuses imposed by Brussels. Pirate Bay teams up with Swedens Lund University and becomes Research Bay UK The family of a soldier who was found hanged after claiming she had been raped and bullied have said they fear a possible coverup by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) after about 1400 new documents emerged on the day the inquest into her death was due to conclude. Brazil, Europe plan undersea cable to skirt U.S. spying The NSA Has Set Up Shop at the US Embassy in Mexico China banned outdoor school sports and cookouts as it grappled with a fourth straight day of thick, choking smog, a pollution problem that a recent report says makes Beijing barely suitable for living Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox disappears. Website down, it's founder unaccounted for, and a Tokyo office empty Mass arrest of protesters at rallies in Russia Ukraine votes to send Yanukovych to The Hague to face trial Iraq signs arms deal with Iran  Deal to buy arms and ammunition worth $195m violates UN arms embargo on Iran, Reuters news agency says Turkish opposition calls for Erdogan to be investigated for corruption Brunei 19 Islamic words banned for nonMuslims Seven Egyptian Christians found dead near Benghazi Developing Israel shells Hezbollah post in east Lebanon Biggest meteor ever recorded hits Moon (VIDEO) After antigay law is signed, Uganda tabloid publishes list of the country's 'top' homosexuals Rebekah Brooks 'did not know hacking was illegal' Erdogan Resignation Demanded by Turkish Opposition Over Tape Yanukovych was planning harsh clampdown, leak reveals Australian Federal Election Fraud. Police investigate multiple votes in 2013 federal election; one person voted 15 times. New Snowden Doc Reveals How GCHQ/NSA Use The Internet To 'Manipulate, Deceive And Destroy Reputations' of activists. An Italian woman with cancer is suing health authorities after she was subjected to grueling radiotherapy 22 times  on the wrong breast Switzerland could soon have the world's highest minimum wage  at $24.80 per hour, or $4,505 a month. China's air pollution has reached the level of a nuclear winter, with even crops and agriculture facing problems. Beijing's pollution concentration is at 505 micrograms, 20 times the World Health limit. The Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences says that the city is uninhabitable for human beings. Norway, Denmark, Netherlands halt millions of dollars in aid to Uganda Bush cyberczar NSA created the potential for a police state IMF study finds inequality is damaging to economic growth The International Monetary Fund has backed economists who argue that inequality is a drag on growth in a discussion paper that has also dismissed rightwing theories that efforts to redistribute incomes are selfdefeating. UK shells out over $8m to monitor Julian Assange  RT News Brazil champions undersea cable to bypass US Tepco Says Fukushima Radiation Significantly Undercounted Ugandan Minister for Ethics & Integrity says men raping girls is natural Scale of suffering at Syrian refugee camp is revealed by photo of huge queue for food Greek police enter schools, quiz children on political activities Ukraine's new rulers disband riot police Israel Guilty of 'Apartheid', Says Falk in Final Report Soviet monument in Bulgaria vandalized...again Couple finds $10million in gold coins while walking their dog Spanish Flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66 White House Clears Way For Complete Withdrawal From Afghanistan Geoengineering side effects could be potentially disastrous, research shows. Comparison of five proposed methods shows they are ineffective, alter weather systems or could not be safely stopped. Former Hong Kong Newspaper Editor Kevin Lau, who investigated the offshore companies maintained by mainland officials, Stabbed 'Outernet' Project Seeks Free Internet Access For Earth  Discovery News Killer climate tens of thousands of flying foxes dead in a day. This summer we have seen one of the most dramatic animal dieoffs ever recorded in Australia at least 45,500 flying foxes dead on just one extremely hot day in southeast Queensland World begins 2014 with unusual number of extreme weather events. Next month we will publish a major report showing the likelihood of extreme heatwaves is increased 500% [with climate change]. 'A Perfect Storm' The Failure of Venezuela's New President  He was handpicked by Hugo Chvez, but Nicols Maduro has lost control of the country's economy. Vast protests are the result, but the govt in Caracas shows no signs of bending. UK spy agency intercepted webcam images of millions of Yahoo users Armed men seize Crimea parliament  reports | World news Taxing the rich is good for the economy, IMF says  Business NASA has discovered 715 New Worlds About $70 billion has been withdrawn from Ukraine's financial system over the last three years. North Korea launches missiles into sea Boko Haram attacked a school in Nigeria, setting it ablaze and murdering those who tried to escape the flames. Ukraine Former President Yanukovych reportedly found in Russia Russian jets put on combat alert along western border Royal Bank of Scotland pays out 588m in staff bonuses despite suffering 8.24bn loss Japan says any bitcoin regulation should be international. Turkeys main opposition took to the streets...in protest against the latest leaked voice recordings incriminating Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoan and his son...The recordings feature Erdoan and his son discussing how to get rid of a sum of cash equivalent to 2.2 billion Turkish Liras. Russia says it will defend the rights of its 'compatriots' in Crimea after proRussia gunmen seize parliament ISIS imposes rules on Christians in Raqqa A jihadist group in Syria has demanded that Christians in the northern city of Raqqa pay a levy in gold and accept curbs on their faith, or face death. ISIS said it would give Christian residents protection if they agreed to the list of conditions. Turkish Prime Minister targeted in second audio tape  A second recording, presented as the voice of Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan asking his son not to accept an amount of money on offer in a business deal but to hold out for more, was published on YouTube by an anonymous poster on Wednesday Qatar's foreign domestic workers subjected to slavelike conditions Lee Rigby murderers sentenced to life in prison | Michael Adebolajo has been sentenced to life in prison for the killing of Drummer Lee Rigby while Michael Adebowale was sentenced to life, with a minimum of 45 years. Turkey calls out Canada on human rights over Quebec secular charter Militias form in Crimea, Ukraines Russian bastion Syrian troops reportedly kill more than 150 Al Qaedalinked rebels Ontario Liberals are thinking about letting cities ditch firstpastthepost voting North Korea fires four shortrange missiles into Sea off the Coast of South Korea George Brandis refuses to back up claim that Snowden put lives at risk | Attorney general says he is aware of particular cases on the basis of intelligence briefings but will not reveal the information Slovenian journalist Anushka Delic indicted for revealing government connections to neonazi group Amongst 715 new planets discovered by NASA today, there are a few that may lie in zones habitable by humans Scotland to offer gay Ugandans asylum Jamaica will decriminalise possession of small amounts of marijuana this year Ukraine says it has repelled Russian invasion and has retaken territory seized by Russians earlier. An official has said that Ukraine repelled a combination of Russian soldiers and proKremlin militias the country continues to appeal to the West for protection against Russia. Monsanto's Roundup may be linked to fatal kidney disease. A heretofore inexplicable fatal, chronic kidney disease that has affected poor farming regions around the globe may be linked to the use of biochemical giant Monsantos Roundup herbicide in areas with hard water. The World Bank has postponed a $90 million loan to Uganda over its antigay law that has drawn widespread criticism from Western governments, the United Nations and rights groups A man who beheaded a fellow passenger on a Canadian bus has been granted the right to leave his mental hospital without an escort. Ukraine's interior minister says Russian military have seized airport in Sevastopol. Worlds biggest cyber attack detected. 360 million accounts detected , 1.25 billion email addresses hacked. UK welfare cuts woman in a coma told get back to work by the Department for Work and Pensions Russia forces block Crimea airport, Ukraine's interior minister calls their presence armed invasion Russia gives all its gold medalists $120,000, a new Mercedes Chinese police have arrested 1,094 people and rescued hundreds of infants in a crackdown on baby trafficking. Pastor of Korean Megachurch Convicted for Embezzling $12 Million Police to press charges against vice president of the European Parliament who reportedly drunk two bottles of wine before yelling Heil Hitler at officials in German airport New Zealand's Customs Service are concerned people will use 3D printers to create gold, gems, food or drugs in their living rooms. Sevastopol airport in Ukraine taken over by armed men Fugitive Ukrainian president shows up in Moscow Russia is building a rural Berlin wall in Georgia. The wall separates South Ossetia from Georgia, and Russian forces are detaining Georgian citizens who near the wall. Turkish PM admits that the trials he used to jail military officers were a sham, now that the same courts are targeting him Doctors Without Borders says it has been expelled from Myanmar, thousands of patients at risk Wild beavers seen in England for first time in centuries | Environment Confusion over Uganda's 'miniskirt ban' leads to public attacks on women  Mobs are taking an interpretation of the proposed law as an excuse to target and strip people they consider to be improperly dressed. Unidentified armed men seize Crimea airport Report U.K. Spy Agency Stored Millions of Webcam Images. Many of them were sexually explicit in nature. Leaks show GCHQ captured ordinary internet users webcam images Russia has brought in extra 6,000 troops to Ukraine Putin ask for Authorization to send Russian troops to the Ukraine Russia admits that it has moved troops in Ukraine Russia has finally confirmed that it has moved troops into Ukraine's restive Crimea region, after speculation about Moscow's involvemen Aleksei A. Navalny, Russias leading opposition figure, was placed under house arrest on Friday and ordered not to use the Internet or telephone for two months, thus removing President Vladimir V. Putins fiercest critic from public life. Obama warns Russia there will be costs for any military intervention in Ukraine | Obama just finished his speech (link for it not up yet) Russian parliament approves use of military against Ukraine live updates Russian forces try to seize antiaircraft missile base in Ukraine's CrimeaInterfax Thousands of pro Russian protesters in eastern cities in the Ukraine, raise Russian flags and reports of shots fired. Ukraine crisis live Russia admits its troops are moving in Crimea Gold Fix Study Shows Signs of Decade of Bank Manipulation Polio vaccination team ambushed in Pakistan with IED's. Over 12 killed. Full draft text of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership leaked Russian Lawmakers Push to Simplify Annexing New Territories At least five Russian Il76 planes have landed at a military airport in Gvardiysky, near Simferopol U.N. Security Council to hold emergency meeting on Ukraine crisis Israeli military kill Palestinian woman near Gaza border hospital | The Israeli military shot and killed a Palestinian woman in the Gaza Strip in an area near the border that Israel has declared a nogo zone for Palestinians, , local hospital officials said Ukraine Journalists Race to Publish Secret Yanukovych Documents Canada supports Ukraines territorial integrity amid fears of Russian intervention, Harper says Gladiator School Dating to 2nd Century A.D. Discovered in Austria China has accused the United States of widespread human rights abuses, including cybersurveillance and child labor... Foreign domestic workers across Asia rise up over exploitation World Bank freezes aid to Uganda over antigay law. Global riot epidemic due to demise of cheap fossil fuels Crimean airspace closed after Russian transports reportedly land China on Friday issued a report on human rights in the US, denouncing it for foreign drone strikes, statesponsored spying and rampant gun crime after Washington criticized its rights record Canadian Prime Minister tells Putin to withdraw troops from Ukraine, pulls ambassador out of Russia, withdraws from G8 being chaired by Russia and officially recognizes legitimacy of new Ukrainian government Poland, Latvia and Lithuania officially request an emergency NATO meeting in regards to Ukraine, invoking article 4 any member state can convene a meeting of NATO members to consult when it feels its independence or security are threatened. Ukraine put its armed forces on full combat alert Russian military intervention would be the beginning of war and the end of any relations between Ukraine and Russia Yatseniuk Kerry Russia behaving in 19th century fashion by invading another country on completely trumped up pretext 'What Russia is doing now in Ukraine violates the principles of U.N. charter,' NATO Secretary General says. Canada withdraws ambassador from Moscow. Follows US in standby of G8 preparations. Translation Ukrainian Parliament just passed a vote to ask US, UK, France, China and Russia for protection within the framework of the Budapest Memorandum and international agreements A severely ill man, who was deemed fit to work by the UK gov, has starved to death after his benefits were cut. Pope Francis is urging world leaders to promote dialogue as a way of resolving the crisis in Ukraine. BBC  27 dead in attack by knifewielding men at train station in Kunming in southwest China, state news agency says Ukraine's Klitschko calls for 'national mobilisation' (of the Ukrainian Army) US pulls out of G8 summit The United States will suspend upcoming participation in preparatory meetings for the G8. Going forward, Russias continued violation of international law will lead to greater political and economic isolation. Ukraine PM warns 'we are on the brink of disaster' Russia told to ack offy Australian PM Tony Abbott Ukraine declares total mobilization  News  World  The Voice of Russia Unidentified Gunmen surround Ukrainian military base restricting soldiers to leave North Korea's No. 2 man and Korean Peoples Army Chief arrested The Wikileaks Cables That Anticipated the Russian Invasion of Crimea  A 2006 cable...warns of a possible Russian threat to Crimea  Ukraine's 'soft underbelly' Ukraine Mobilization/Draft Begins translated from Ukrainian to English Putin ready to invade Ukraine; Kiev warns of war Russia's Seizure of Crimea Is Making Former Soviet States Nervous Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite also openly expressed fears that Russia's actions could ultimately lead to Crimea's annexation. Ukraine warns Russia that Crimea intervention will lead to war Ukraine Finds Its Forces Are Ill Equipped to Take Crimea Back From Russia U.S. to Russia Pull out of Ukraine immediately Russian antimissle warship docked 200 miles from Maiami.