 At least 10,000 people bearing Russian flags marched freely through Moscow on Sunday in a proinvasion rally, while dozens of people demonstrating on Red Square against an invasion of Ukraine were quickly detained by Russian riot police. G7 Leaders Statement we (the G7 Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States) have decided for the time being to suspend our participation in activities associated with the preparation of the scheduled G8 Summit in Sochi in June Poland says Russian appeasement not an option History shows that those who appease all the time in order to preserve peace usually only buy a little bit of time. Warsaw fears Russia will push west through Ukraine and threaten Poland now. Russia deploys 3500 troops and heavy equipment on Batlic coast in Kaliningrad Oblat near Polish and Lithuanian borders Russian stocks are tanking after Putin mobilizes tanks in Ukraine. Losses over 20% for stateowned mining company. All stateowned sectors (finance, gas, minerals, steel, coal) tumbling in biggest plunge of last 5 years. Merkel tells Putin Russia has broken international law in Ukraine Obama U.S. won't be able to defend Israel if peace talks fail. Russia Delivers 3am 'Storm' Deadline Russian Ruble is weakening fast; We don't have foreign cash, the last was taken five minutes ago. Now we are only buying foreign currencies but not selling, said an operator at an exchange office in Moscow. Putin like Hitler in 1930s former Czech foreign minister The Russian military set an ultimatum Sunday for Ukrainian army and navy units to surrender weapons and leave their bases in the Crimean peninsula The UK will boycott the Paralympics in Sochi over Russia's decision to take military action in Ukraine. Russian Parliament proposes bill to allow annexation of Crimea (scanned copy included in article) Ukraine Navy Chief 'defects' Newly appointed head of Ukrainian Navy swears allegiance to Crimea Ukraine conflict Russian troops break into Sevastopol Navy base Russia blocks web pages linked to Ukraine protests Japan Pledges $200 Million in Aid for Palestinians Ukraine fires navy chief for 'treason' after surrendering HQ US concedes Russia has control of Crimea and seeks to contain Putin. Russian Prime Minister ordered Russian Highways to build a bridge across the Kerch Strait, connecting Crimea with Russia Loyal to Ukraine, Tatars lie low as Russia seizes Crimea If there is a conflict, as the minority, we will be the first to suffer Mount Everest litter targeted by Nepalese authorities climbers will have to bring down 8kg of extra waste or face legal action as government tackles rubbish mountain in Himalayas Reports that Ukraine Flagship is at a NATO Mediterranean base, and not defected as RT claims. Putin ready to invade Ukraine; Kiev warns of war Russia And China 'In Agreement' Over Ukraine David Cameron's aide on child internet policy has been arrested for child pornography Russian President Putin accuses U.S. of double standard in criticizing his nation's incursion into Crimea. A Kremlin aide was quoted on Tuesday [4 March 2014] as saying that if the United States were to impose sanctions on Russia over Ukraine, Moscow might be forced to drop the dollar as a reserve currency and refuse to pay off any loans to U.S. banks. Obama promises to protect Poland against Russian invasion US Antigay evangelist Scott Lively to stand trial for 'crimes against humanity', is being sued by the organization Sexual Minorities Uganda, which alleges that his actions in Uganda over the past ten years led to the persecution, torture, arrest and murder of gay people in the country. Turkey scrambles jets after Russian plane flies near its Black Sea coast Poland requests NATO consultations under Article 4 Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany told Mr. Obama by telephone on Sunday that after speaking with Mr. Putin she was not sure he was in touch with reality, people briefed on the call said. In another world, she said. A farright candidate for Paris elections says France's Roma population should be concentrated in camps President Barack Obama has said that Russia is on the wrong side of history and in violation of international law for sending troops into the Ukranian region of Crimea. He also promised America will make Russia face consequences for its actions. Chinese babytrafficking ring busted wide open, leads to rescue of 382 babies and arrest of over 1,000 Ukraine tells UN Russia has 16,000 troops in Crimea; Russia says Yanukovych requested them (3/3/14 522 pm) Russia is Looking for a Hot War, Says Georgias Former President Ukraine and Russia the military imbalance [infographic] Russia use the same group of protesters in different regions of Ukraine Ukraine loses it's 204th Tactical Aviation Brigade To The Autonomous Republic of Crimea Secret document suggests UK will not support trade sanctions against Russia Russia's First Targets in Ukraine Its Cell Phones and Internet Lines French scientists revive 30,000yearold virus, say it serves as a warning that unknown pathogens entombed in frozen soil may be roused by global warming Moscow intends to discuss the Ukraine crisis with the West on two key conditions. The source says the 21 February agreement  signed by ousted President Yanukovych and the Ukrainian opposition  must be implemented, and that all Ukrainian political forces must take part in negotiations. US urges N Korea restraint after two more test missiles Former Ukraine PM Yulia Tymoshenko urges superpowers to use force against Russia Ukraine crisis Russia stands firm despite rebukes, sanctions threats Two women who represented 'opressed citizens of Odessa' in Sevastopol were previously seen during the storm of Kharkiv Regional Government Putin Russia has no plans to annex Ukraine's Crimea region Venezuela In 17 days of protest 18 dead, 261 wounded, 1044 arrests and 888 precautionary measures Senator Scott Ludlam coolly tells Prime Minister Tony Abbott to go ram his heartless, racist exploitation of peoples fears Russia and US Still Friends in Space, NASA Says Sweden stops aid to Uganda over antigay laws Vancouver Police Department to feds We wont enforce new pot law First LSDassisted psychotherapy research published in 40 years in Switzerland, Dr. Peter Gasser Russian oligarchs lost 13 billion yesterday. Money may be more at play than being talked about. Tony Abbott pledges support to loggers and moves to remove National park statuses from forests Russia Today anchor who went off script to criticize Russian invasion to Crimea sent to the region to be educated, refuses, keeps her job Wealthy Residents Depart Chinese Mainland in Search of Clean Air  The term 'environmental refugee' has taken on a new meaning in China. Rich Chinese Mad Over Cancelled Canadian Immigrant Program  Threatening legal action against govt after Ottawa cancelled popular program offering way to buy entrance to those with net worth of $1.6m & able to lend Ottawa $800,000 interestfree for 5 yrs Yanukovych funneled money through the Netherlands; Dutch Ministers silent on the issue Israel halts 'Iran weapons ship' to Gaza Scottish leader calls on all Britons to back independence  Scottish leader Alex Salmond called on all Britons on Tuesday to back his campaign for an independent Scotland to help create a northern economic counterweight to stop London from sucking the life out of the rest of the country UN Report Identifies 30 Drone Strikes That Require Public Explanation | Common Dreams Russia has revealed it sold a record $11.3bn in foreign currency to support the rouble on March 3, during a Black on Monday of panic selling over the crisis in Ukraine | The Russian central bank sold foreign currency to buy roubles and prevent the Russian currency from falling further in value. Russia Threatens to Seize US Assets if Sanctions are Made No more national parks as Tony Abbott pledges to support loggers as the 'ultimate conservationists' It is not appropriate to invade a country and at the end of a barrel of a gun dictate what you are trying to achieve. That is not 21stcentury, G8, majornation behavior. John Kerry Ukraine crisis Ukrainians rush to join military  Ukraine has called up its reserves even though Russian invasion has so far been bloodless A US drone strike in northern Yemen on Wednesday killed four suspected AlQaeda members, including an Iraq veteran, a military official said. Commander of the Ukrainian Navy threw a Russian Vice Admiral into a stupor  Russians do not surrender! Hamas Outlawed By Egyptian Court Russia says cannot order Crimean 'selfdefense' units back to base China to increase military spending by 12.2 percent. Russia Today Anchor Resigns Live On Air I cannot be part of a network funded by the Russian government which whitewashes the actions of Putin. Obama Signs Order Declaring Ukraine Crisis an Extraordinary Threat to National Security Marijuana decriminalization is under serious consideration Canada's conservative party Turkey grants US warship permission to enter Black Sea A Second Baby seems to have been Cured from HIV. A Clinical Trial with 50 Infected Babies will Start within 3 Months. U.S., China officials agree Ukraine's territorial integrity important UN Envoy Not Kidnapped But Threatened By Armed Men In Crimea, Agrees To End Visit Viktor Yanukovych had heart attack. He's in a hospital in serious condition. Poor 'live like animals' says Boris's privately educated sister after going on 'poverty safari' NATO to cancel activities with Russia, step up military cooperation with Ukraine Rhino with Bullet in its Brain & Hacked Off Horn Wanders for Days Before Being Put Out of its Misery in South Africa, Which is in the Midst of a Rhino Poaching Epidemic Advanced Heavy Water Reactor is the latest Indian design for a nextgeneration nuclear reactor that will burn thorium as its fuel U.S. imposes new sanctions on Russian officials it blames for Ukraine crisis RT Anchor Quits on Air An anchor on stateowned television station RT quit on Wednesday. Liz Wahl, an American working in the network's D.C. bureau, said she was born to Hungarian refugees who fled Soviet oppression, and could no longer be part of a network that whitewashes the actions of Putin. Russian Federation Council Considering Bill to Confiscate US and European Company Assets in Russia in Case of Sanctions Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has likened Russian President Vladimir Putin's actions on the Crimean peninsula of Ukraine to those of Adolf Hitler in the 1930s. Kyiv University invites Russian professor who was fired by Putin Estonia denies leaked call implicates Ukraine protesters in killings UK, US, Ukraine insist on direct talks between Moscow and Kiev US drone strike kills 5 Afghan soldiers and wounds 8 at a military post near Kabul Tim Flannery says coal communities are being kept in dark about dangers. Our government is doing an inquiry into the health impact of wind [turbines], but here weve got this risk with coal. If the federal government expanded their inquiry that would be good start, he said. Climate Change? Not in Australia.....  Top Bureaucrats in Victorian State Government told not even to use the terms. Crimean Tatar leader calls on UN forces to intervene and for Crimean Tatars to boycott upcoming referendum Ukraine signs $10 billion shale gas deal with Chevron 'If we sign up Russia will see Ukraine is determined to defend itself' Russian soldiers training in Canada given 24 hours to leave country Court in Lebanon rules that Homosexuality is not a crime, nor against nature in historic ruling China concerned after North Korean missile test comes dangerously close to hitting Chinese airliner with 200 passengers onboard Uganda president wants poachers 'shot on sight' IKEA is in trouble for cutting down 600yearold trees India became the first country, supports Russia interests in Crimea Norway will cut through an island in tribute to massacre victims Amid Crimea Crisis, Russia Proposes Expanding Citizenship in ExUSSR  The Russian government has proposed legislation that would grant citizenship to anyone who speaks fluent Russian and had once lived, or who had relatives who lived, on the territory of the Soviet Union [xpost /r/LegalNews] A group of Japanese historians Friday stood behind their governments 1993 apology over wartime sex slavery, slamming Tokyos possible move to revise it as unforgivable. Saudi Arabia designates Muslim Brotherhood as terrorist group Interior Ministry Edward Snowden delivers testimony to the European Parliament Russia says new troops weren't deployed to Crimea, but this soldier's social media photos suggest otherwise Russia Starts Massive Air Defense Drills Amid Crimea Standoff Moscow Bill Criminalizing 'False AntiRussian Information' in the Works Great Barrier Reef Faces 'Irreversible' Damage Report Russian soldiers training in Canada given 24 hours to leave country After 12 years of war, labor abuses rampant on US bases in Afghanistan More than a year after Obamas executive order outlawing forced labor on US military bases, exploitation remains Turkey's prime minister has given warning that his government could ban social media networks YouTube and Facebook after a number of online leaks added momentum to a growing corruption scandal. Ukraine crisis US sends F16 fighter jets to Poland EU slaps initial sanctions on Russia EU and US start Russia sanctions, call Crimea referendum illegal EU urges to investigate cases of people killed by snipers in Kiev Interpol says Ukraine seeks wanted notice for Yanukovich arrest Your porn is not Canadian enough, Canadian Radio & Television Commision warns erotica channels Malaysian couple to hang for starving Indonesian maid to death Malaysia Airlines Plane 'Loses Contact' Malaysia Airlines says a plane  flight MH370  carrying 239 people has lost contact with air traffic control. It has been reported that two passengers who were listed on the plane's manifest  an Italian and an Austrian  were not actually on the flight but had had their passports stolen in the past two years in Thailand CNN team told to stop broadcasting from Crimea Russian soldiers begin to storm bases in Crimea Vitnamese Navy confirms plane crashes into the sea. Interim Ukrainian government says it has no plans to cede Crimea to Russia South Korean military given new authority to launch preemptive strike against North if they beleive an attack is imminent. Turkey Scrambles Jets After Russian Flyover Russia sent a surveillance plane into Turkish airspace as a US Navy destroyer passed through on the way to the Black Sea. Russia may halt US inspections over sanctions Russian news agencies says Moscow is considering a freeze of U.S. military inspections under arms control treaties in retaliation to Washington's decision to halt military cooperation with Russia. China draws 'red line' on North Korea Warning shots fired as foreign observers blocked from entering Ukraines Crimea region A sophisticated piece of spyware has been quietly infecting hundreds of government computers across Europe and the United States in one of the most complex cyber espionage programs uncovered to date. Animals left to starve to death at Ukraine zoo There have already been almost 3000 murders in Venezuela since the start of the year Sultan of Brunei to impose strict observance of Sharia Law, claims it is a great achievement for the country, and not a backward or oldfashioned step. Names and ages of all passengers aboard flight MH370 Republican senators tell Fifa Russia must be kicked out of 2014 World Cup Oil Slick Sighting Is First Sign Malaysia Airlines Plane May Have Crashed Russia may end nuclear checks in response to Ukraine sanction For First Time, Kremlin Signals It Is Prepared to Annex Crimea Guatemalan Farmers Too Poor to Protest  Tens of thousands of farmers showed up in Guatemala City yesterday to demonstrate against the construction of hydroelectric power plants and the high price of electricitybut they didn't have enough money to stay very long. Oxfam exfraud chief admits defrauding charity Ukraine crisis 'created artificially'  Russia's Lavrov Stolen European passports on missing Malaysia plane ProRussian protesters won't let wife give her husband a bag of food, Russian soldiers intervene and take the food to him.(XPost from r/News) Women protest against proposed Iraq law that would allow marriage of nineyearold girls Pilot 30 min ahead of Malaysia Airlines MH370 says he established contact with missing jet 80th birthday of Yury Gagarin, first man in space The same two people who were traveling on Flight 370 with the stolen passports purchased their tickets on the same transaction and were traveling together. Two more Europeans passengers with suspect identities onboard missing MH370 North Korea holds elections every 5 years. There is only one candidate for each district with Yes or No options. In 2009, 99% voted and 100% were Yes. Australia's Shark Cull Is Killing the Wrong Sharks Warm Water Worlds May Have Been Found According to New Study by German Scientists Ukrainian army from all regions moving to the south Saudi princesses plead for help as they claim they are being held by the king against their will  Their mother has written to UN human rights agency to intervene Family of Chinese passenger missing on flight MH370 makes contact with his phone Thousands marched through the Lebanese capital to demand the passage of law protecting women against domestic violence A suicide bomber driving a minibus packed with explosives killed at least 32 people and wounded 147 on Sunday in the southern Iraqi city of Hilla Chinese news, unverified, third case identified where an identified passenger on the missing 777 was actually home in China and never went to Malaysia. News in Chinese, but Google translation works Ukraine computers infected by powerful virus Thousands of women have been demonstrating in Madrid against controversial moves to scrap Spains abortion on demand law. Beijing threatens Hong Kong, says 'democracy will only bring disaster' New possible sighting of debris at sea as China sends warships to join search for missing Malaysian Airlines flight Military radar trace shows MH370 turnback, but no distress signal Libya threatens N Korea ship over seized oil  Libya has threatened to bomb a North Koreanflagged tanker if it tries to export oil from a rebelcontrolled port east of Tripoli, in a major escalation of a standoff over the country's petroleum wealth. Malaysia announces they are investigating a possible terror link in jet disappearance Malaysia Airlines What we know about Flight MH370 Japanese PM Abe to tell Putin of Japan's trilateral stance with U.S. and EU on Ukraine crisis Israel Doubled Settlement Construction In West Bank In 2013 Four onboard missing Malaysian plane had fake passports, say officials Russian troops fire at Ukraine military post The man who witnessed Steve Irwin's dying moments has described for the first time how a massive stingray wildly stabbed the conservationist 'hundreds of times'. Kim Jongun calls for execution of 33 Christians Ukraine may have to go nuclear, says Kiev lawmaker Ukraine crisis US will not recognise Crimea referendum, says ambassador Washington threatens further action against Russia if Vladimir Putin uses poll to legitimise military occupation, says Kiev envoy Ukraine Sticky Post Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Passengers' Mobile Phones Ring But Not Answered Mexico kills drug kingpin reported dead years ago official 26 Disquieting Photos Of Armed Russians Still Surrounding Ukrainian Soldiers In Crimea. Desmond Tutu Israel guilty of apartheid in treatment of Palestinians | JPost [Ukraine] A hotel and two cars belonging to Crimean Tatars have been burned down in Russianoccupied Crimea [Photos + Video] Russia Welcomes the US Destroyer Truxtun, by Moving Bastion AntiShip Missiles to Crimea Chinese courts acquitted a total of 825 people out of almost 1.16 million verdicts last year, a conviction rate of 99.93 percent. Limbs broken, forced to eat feces, Chinese officials say they were tortured into false graft confessions Kenya's President declares to cut his salary by 20% and to cut cabinet ministers salaries by 10% Abuse Victims Should Be Able To Sue Catholic Church, Says Cardinal Pell Massive Bombing near Baghdad; 97 Killed 237 Wounded Across Iraq  Antiwar.com Sex Workers Have Labor Rights Just Like Any Other Employee, Confirms NZ Court Low levels of radiation from the Fukushima nuclear disaster likely will reach ocean waters along the U.S. West Coast next month, scientists are reporting. UN warns of genocide in Central African Republic Fortytwo African migrants have drowned when their boat capsized off the coast of Yemen Global Debt Exceeds $100 Trillion as Governments Binge, BIS Says Taiwanese Intelligence received warnings of possible terrorist attacks on Beijing's airport days prior to the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines 307 Malaysias civil aviation chief clarifies the stolen passport passengers looking like Mario Balotelli US transfers $429m to Israel for Iron Dome  Globes English Swedish reporter shot dead in Afghanistan ABC News reports a satellite imaging company out of Denver, Colorado is crowdsourcing the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Help search for the missing plane using satellite images shot this weekend. Antiwar protest in Moscow Ukrainians, forgive us [video] Israeli troops shoot dead a PalestinianJordanian judge at border crossing Venezuelans Are Marked With Numbers To Stand In Line At Government SupermarketsIt's hard to get a sense of what a food shortage is like unless you've lived through one, but this tidbit from Venezuela serves as a chilling illustration. Saudi Arabia has threatened to blockade neighbouring Qatar by air, land and sea unless Doha cuts ties with Egypts Muslim Brotherhood, closes global channel alJazeera, and expels local branches of the US Brookings Institution and Rand Corporation think tanks. Snowden has shown the 'huge disparity of surveillance and power', says Gellman | Government needs reminding that they work for us, says Pulitzerwinning reporter Barton Gellman, who describes Edward Snowden as ending an era of indifference to surveillance. MH370 detected above Malacca Straits at 2.40am A report by the United Nations Human Rights Council has called for independent investigations to be carried out into drone attacks after a series of strikes that result in unexpected civilian deaths in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen and elsewhere. Most of the attacks involved US drones. New Zealand plans vote on changing national flag Malaysian Military official tells Reuters plane flew for more than an hour after vanishing from air traffic control screens PILOT I'm Not Surprised There Was No Mayday Call From The Missing Malaysia Plane Turkey clashes after 15 year old boy hurt at Istanbul Gezi Park protest dies Two Russian cosmonauts, U.S. astronaut head back to Earth Live China deploys satellites to find missing Malaysian plane Malaysia military tracked missing plane to west coast source Explosion at Power Plant in Novokuznetsk, Russia, video in link. UN warns world must produce 60% more food by 2050 to avoid mass unrest A Chilean woman was shot dead while clearing a barricade put up by antigovernment protesters, the first foreign fatality during a month of civil unrest in Venezuela, authorities said on Monday. Palestinian refugees starving to death in Syrian camp, human rights groups say Chinas billionaire politicians quadruple their wealth  Despite their low official government salaries, at this weeks National Peoples Congress annual meeting, there will be 86 renminbi billionaires and Chinas richest politicians have quadrupled their wealth in the past eight years. Four suspended after video shows workers bludgeoning turkeys with shovel [Canada] Kim JongUns sister, Kim YoJong, makes first official appearance Thousands protest after Swedish activist stabbed North Korea reportedly tries to sell bordertown land to Chinese investors 220,000 troops, 1,800 tanks, 400 helicopters on Ukraine border as Russia launches exercise of 4000 elite paratroopers and 36 planes. Australian makes protesting illegal and fines protesters $600 and can gaol (jail) up to 2 years A girl who was kidnapped 7 months ago in Spain has turned up alive in the depths of the Amazon rainforest Russia has lost more money in one day as a result of the Ukraine crisis than it spent preparing for the Sochi Games Gay sex just got decriminalized in Lebanon Poland moves to reduce dependence on Russian gas Tim BernersLee, inventor of the Web, calls for a global Digital Bill of Rights to protect Internet users from surveillance. Body wearing lifejacket reported found off MalaccaThe Beijing News reports a source claiming to be a local volunteer assisting in the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has found a dead body wearing a lifejacket How the NSA Plans to Infect Millions of Computers with Malware Masked guards seized computers from three Norwegian journalists and labelled them as spies as they attempted to leave Crimea Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 turned 290 degrees and headed to Indonesia for at least 2 hours after contact lost near Vietnam A photographic view of how a faceless militia is operating in Ukraine right now. They are, Believed to be Russian soldiers. Venezuelan student leader shot dead at protest Chinese ridicule Malaysias recruitment of witch doctor to track missing plane Barrage of rockets launched from Gaza to Israel | i24news Japan wants to dump radioactive water from Fukushima in sea Malaysias air force chief denies saying MH370 detected over Malacca strait Turkey thousands gather at funeral of Berkin Elvan, 14, who died after being wounded by a police tear gas canister Russian oligarchs and Vladimir Putin are likely to escape sanctions over the occupation of Ukraine, UK government admits Missing MH370 Hopes as fishermen find life raft Israel ends ultraOrthodox military service exemptions 'Tell us the truth' Chinese families hurl water bottles at Malaysian airline staff before clueless officials admit the plane is anywhere within a 27,000 square nautical mile area and change their mind over when it was last seen again Turkish boy hurt in antigovernment protests dies nine months later | Berkin Elvan, then aged 14, got caught up in street battles between police and protesters after going out to buy bread for his family. He was struck in the head with a suspected police teargas canister and went into a coma. Ukraine says will not fight Russia over Crimea The World Wide Web is 25 years old today! Australia Coalition Lies to UN in Order to Strip Tasmanian Forest of Heritage Listing so it Can be Developed  Photos show 90% of the 74,000 hectares the govt claims is degraded are ecologically pristine forests Uncovered in Jerusalem, 9 tiny unopened Dead Sea Scrolls U.S. Investigators Suspect Missing Airplane Flew On for Hours MH370 BBC have just broadcast this satellite image which Chinese officials believe could be wreckage from Flight MH370. A man who found his computer infected with ransomware demanding payment of 13,000 or face jail decided to take his own life and that of his fouryearold son | The report comes from the Romanian commune of Movila Miresii, made up of three small villages and located in the east of the country. Misbehaving bankers and their bosses will have to hand back bonuses up to six years after they pocketed the cash under a proposed rule from the Bank of England to prevent excessive risktaking One of VICE's journalists, Matthew Power, has died in Uganda. WWF reports a full year without a single incident of poaching in Nepal Israel ends military exemption for ultraOrthodox Europe says USmade cheeses can't use Old World names Europe Passes Deal to Enforce Standard Mobile Phone Charger After Crimea, Sweden Flirts With Joining NATO Sweden's top general estimated in 2013 that the country could only defend itself for a week if attacked. Three EU Countries Hit 2020 Renewable Benchmarks Early | Sweden leads the way for all EU members with 51 percent of its energy coming from renewables. London zoo celebrates birth of rare Sumatran tiger cubs (around 300 left in wild) Animals See Power Lines as Glowing, Flashing Bands, Research Reveals  Pylons & wires that stretch across many landscapes are having a worldwide impact on wildlife Russia Massing Military Forces Near Border With Ukraine US NSA stop mass surveillance now or face consequences, MEPs say Uruguay planning to sell legally cloned marijuana by years end Russian President Vladimir Putin's approval rating has soared to a threeyear high following the political crisis in Ukraine and an upcoming regionwide referendum on whether Crimea should secede from Ukraine and return to Russia. Philippines Military evades Chinese sea blockade to airdrop food to soldiers on a tiny and remote shoal claimed by both countries Russia and Iran agree Russia will build 2 Nuclear plants in Iran Google has given UK security services 'special access' to monitor YouTube including power to flag swaths of content at scale instead of only picking out individual videos Canadian soldiers formaly end mission in Afghanistan after 12 years. Vietnam searchers find nothing at the debris site marked by the Chinese Unidentified gunmen seized the bank in the center of Kiev A draft European law requiring all phones sold in the EU to be compatible with a common charger was approved by the European Parliament yesterday. Russia Is Preparing to Invade East Ukraine, Estonia Says MH370 US officials said that because two separate communication systems were shut down separately, the plane did not suffer a catastrophic accident. Sri Lanka bans Monsanto herbicide citing potential link to deadly kidney disease Russia blocks internet sites of Putin critics A Ukrainian army colonel has threatened to open fire on Russian marines unless given new and formal instructions to hold off by his nation's defense ministry. Radar data suggests missing Malaysia plane flown deliberately toward Andamans Kerry Gives Russia until Monday to Abandon Crimea. Threatens 'Serious Steps' If They Refuse. US Army to proceed with planned exercise in Ukraine Pentagon says flight came down in Indian Ocean. MH370 transmitted its location repeatedly to satellites over the course of five hours after it disappeared from radar, people briefed on the matter said, as searchers zeroed in on new target areas hundreds of miles west of the plane's original course. France Paris makes all public transport free in bid to cut spiralling pollution Algerian freed from Guantanamo after being held for 12 years without charge. Malaysian plane India to search uninhabited islands in Andaman Sea | World news UN human rights committee criticizes US for long list of human rights abuses from Guantnamo, drone strikes and NSA surveillance, to the death penalty, rampant gun violence and endemic racial inequality Russia Wipes Opposition Sites From The Internet Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Poland and Hungary Sign Military Pact (xpost /r/europe) Flamboyant billionaire in India jailed amid heightened scrutiny Last week, Indias Supreme Court locked up billionaire Subrata Roy in Tihar Jail in New Delhi and demanded at least $3 billion, to be returned to investors, to set him free. Japan hit by 6.3magnitude earthquake Serbian Paramilitaries Join ProRussian Forces in Crimea Toronto doctor smacks down U.S. Senate question on Canadian waitlist deaths Former Berlusconi secretary arrested with 24 kg of cocaine UFO sightings soar to new heights in Canada Over 900 Workers Have Already Died Building Qatars World Cup Facilities  The 'International Trade Union Confederation' says that if conditions dont improve, at least 4,000 migrants will die before kickoff Philippines agrees to let US forces have access to its military bases under new security deal A Russian mining company is destroying archaeological finds, including some potentially involving the origin of man, in a Georgian gold mine that is arguably the oldest in the world. NYT Malaysian Military Radar data shows missing MH370 climbed to 45,000 feet before descending unevenly to 23,000 feet. RollsRoyce engines data shows it descending 40,000 feet in the space of a minute. American official says A lot of this doesn't make sense. Malaysian investigators conclude flight was hijacked. 50,000 protest Crimea action in Moscow Around 50,000 people rallied in central Moscow on Saturday, March 15, in protest at Russia's intervention in Ukraine, a day before the Crimean peninsula votes on switching to Kremlin rule. Russian citizens rally against Ukrainian occupation calling it Russia's Disgrace | BBC In his final address to Afghanistan's parliament Saturday, President Hamid Karzai told the United States its soldiers can leave at the end of the year because his military, which already protects 93 percent of the country, was ready to take over entirely Worlds Most Pristine Waters Polluted by US Navy Human Waste  American military has poured 100s of tons of sewage into protected coral lagoon on Britishowned Diego Garcia. It's 1 of world's most isolated & controversial military installations since Brits removed islanders to make way for US. US Companies Stashing $1.95 Trillion In Profits Overseas; tech companies such as Microsoft, Apple and IBM among the worst offenders. Massive AntiWar Demo in Moscow, Russia Forests Around Chernobyl Arent Decaying Properly Russian diplomat stabbed near embassy in Ottawa World's first solarpowered toilet set for India launch  The toilet has the capability of heating human waste to a high enough temperature to sterilise it and create biochar, a highly porous charcoal Fatal clashes as Ukraine dissolves Crimean parliament Ukraine cobbles together an army as fears of a Russian invasion grow. Volunteers in Kyiv flock to join a newlycreated national guard. Russia Sanctions Lithuania over Ukraine Russia Blocks Major Opposition Sites; Anonymous Russia Retaliates, Shuts Down Kremlin Site | TechPresident The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp sued 16 of the world's largest banks on Friday, accusing them of cheating dozens of other now defunct banks by manipulating the Libor interest rate. The global financial institutions broke certain swaps contracts they had entered into with the nowclosed banks. US sues 16 banks for rigging Libor rate North Korea becomes the second country, after Syria, to endorse Russian invasion of Ukraine Russian Paratroopers Land In Mainland Ukraine NASA industrial civilisation headed for 'irreversible collapse'? Russia Vetoes UN Resolution on Crimea's Future Every voting member except Russia who vetoed and China who abstained vote the Russian invasion of Crimea as illegal sending a strong unified message to Russia A doctor will stand trial for the first time in Egypt on charges of female genital mutilation, after a 13yearold girl died following an alleged operation in his clinic last year. Navy warship accidentally fires torpedo at nuclear dockyard in Plymouth The chemical makeup of a tiny, extremely rare gemstone has made researchers think there's a massive water reservoir, equal to the world's oceans, hundreds of miles under the earth Russian troops invade Kherson Oblast, Ukrainians declare right to fight back 30,000 Australians hit the streets in protest of government policies. Antipolice brutality march declared illegal, broken up Russian forces have seized a village in mainland Ukraine. I am afraid that I am interested in a cold war with the West, said Mr. Prokhanov, 76, in a lull between interviews on statecontrolled television and radio. I was very patient. I waited for 20 years. I did everything I could so that this war would begin. I worked day and night. Thousands of Australian protesters take to the streets against Abbott Government policies. MH370 is now thought to be near Perth,Australia North Korea fires 10 shortrange missiles toward Sea of Japan, the latest in a series of launches that have provoked criticism from Seoul and Washington Viral Facebook posts claiming the missing Malaysia Airlines MH370 has been found are used by hackers to spread malware 112,000 protest in Aus over 'no confidence' in current government. Belarus Mobilizes Its Military U.S. Prepares for Russian Retaliation Nigeria Navy destroys 260 illegal oil refineries A letter from Guantanamo 'Nobody can truly understand how we suffer' Radar data show that missing Malaysian jet flew directly over Malaysia and was visible on military air defense rader without being noticed or reported by onduty crew A BRITISH Muslim couple have been jailed after posting videos on YouTube saying it was a brilliant day when Fusilier Lee Rigby was murdered. Royal Barnes, 23, and his wife, Rebekah Dawson, 22, pleaded guilty to three counts of disseminating a terrorist publication last month Mapped The 634 runways where missing Malaysia Airlines plane could have landed Russian Forces Move Outside of Crimea  Natural Gas Plant Seized 2 times as many teenagers are admitted to hospital with selfharm injuries compared to 10 years ago US regulator sues 16 banks, incl. Bank of America, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, HSBC, JPMorgan Chase, Barclays, HSBC, and Royal Bank of Scotland, for engaging in manipulation of the Libor rate, a measure of how freely banks lend to each other, in order to protect their revenue streams Turkish PM accuses dead 15 yr old Berkin Elvan, who spent 9 months in a coma before dying, of having links to terrorism Ukraine's president fears Russia could invade Kremlin is behind turmoil in eastern Ukraine and there is 'real danger' Moscow could seize more territory Australia abolishes Carbon Tax Revelation suggests person who delivered 'All right, good night' message from missing plane knew system had been shut down. Last satellite signal from MH370 'may have been sent while missing jet was on the ground' A 100yearold Saudi beggar died leaving a milliondollar fortune behind, secretly amassing a fortune and real estate portfolio over 50 years of begging on the streets of Jeddah that rivaled those of the citys millionaires. Eight days after Flight MH370 vanished, Malaysian authorities are seeking diplomatic permission to investigate a theory that the Boeing 777 may have been flown under the radar to Talibancontrolled bases on the border of Afghanistan and North West Pakistan, The Independent has learnt. UN report on North Korea finds 'atrocities like WW2' Britain's five richest families worth more than poorest 20% Ukraine Is Training Young Protesters to Fight the Russian Army Unregulated mining in rural northern Nigeria is causing blindness and paralysis among children and making adults infertile. Farmers are forced to choose between poverty and a slow death by lead poisoning. Modern civilisation is heading for collapse within a matter of decades because of growing economic instability and pressure on the planets resources, according to a scientific study funded by Nasa. Ukraine NeoFascist Leader and presidential candidate Dmitry Yarosh Vows to Destroy Russia's TransSiberian Pipeline, which supplies Europe with the majority of its gas imports, to Stop 'World War III' EU votes in favor of universal mobile charger  550 votes to 12 says that chargers need to be standardized Ukrainian radical leader threatens to sabotage Russian pipelines UN's North Korea Crimes Against Humanity Report Rejected By China U.S. Navy SEALs Take Control of Oil Tanker Hijacked in Libya McCain 'Russia is a gas station masquerading as a country' Crimea exit poll Around 93% back Russia union Crimea Parliament Declares Independence After Vote Finland condemns 'illegal' Crimean vote State TV says Russia could turn US to 'radioactive ash' BBC News  Russia 'planned Wall Street bear raid' MH370 flew as low as 1,500m to avoid detection, says paper Civilians stopped a Ukrainian military convoy from entering a city in Donetsk region Paris makes public transportation free due to smog crisis EU imposes sanctions over Crimea Government of Japan refuses to acknowledge Crimea joining Russia Russia might quit WTO in case of economic sanctions Obama Says U.S. Will Never Recognize Crimea's Secession Vote Putin announces that Russia will annex Crimea into the Russian Federation Taliban denies MH370 involvement; We wish we had an opportunity to hijack such a plane, commander says. Russia Suspended From G8 Birth of the Universe detected by scientists.Proving that the universe expanded by 100 trillion trillion times, in less than the blink of an eye. Western powers begin process to hold Kim Jung Un accountable for crimes against humanity. Turkey Warns Russia it Will Blockade Bosphorus if Violence Occurs Shots fired, officer taken from Ukraine base in Crimea BBC A Russian exminister Alexander Pochinok dies aged 56, shortly after commenting that annexing Crimea would cost Russia trillions Japan to impose sanctions on Russia France warns Russia it could cancel warships deal France might cancel a controversial deal to sell two stateoftheart warships to Russia if Britain acts against Russian oligarchs in London, according to the French foreign minister . NSA surveillance program reaches into the past to retrieve, replay phone calls 'a surveillance system capable of recording 100 percent of a foreign countrys telephone calls, enabling the agency to rewind and review conversations as long as a month after they take place' Doku Umarov, antiRussian Chechen rebel leader, is dead Qatar World Cup 2022 investigation former Fifa vicepresident Jack Warner and family paid millions by Qatari firm. Australian VaccinationSkeptics Network loses its charity status for fundraising over misinformation claims Russian parliament mocks sanctions  asks US, EU to sanction all its members First Dozen U.S. Warplanes Arrive In Poland... Russia Deploys 6 SU27 fighters & 3military Rransport Jets to Belarus U.S. and U.K. Marked Enemies of the Internet. Press freedom group denounces spy agency surveillance in report. Burning fireball seen off the coast of the Canadian Maritimes overnight. It was a bright light and it lit up the whole sky [...] it was almost like a meteor but not the same. Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed a decree recognising Crimea as a sovereign and independent state Armed men, believed to be Russians,dig trenches near the Ukrainian military base in Perevalnoye 'It's great to be back' Last of Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan return home Russian truck manufacturer Kamaz has appealed to Russian, Ukrainian and Kazakhstan authorities for help in recovering a convoy of new trucks, intended for Kazakhstan, which was hijacked in Ukraine yesterday. Malaysia opposition leader Anwar admits MH370 pilot is his relative Voice of Russia announces that the chairman of the Transnistrian Parliament asked Russia to allow the breakaway Moldovan republic into the Russian Federation Absolutely certain Russia will invade rest of Ukraine  Ukrainian Admiral More Than 900 Workers Have Already Died Building Qatars World Cup Facilities | The International Trade Union Confederation says that if conditions dont improve, at least 4,000 migrants will die before kickoff Putin's top aide mocks US sanctions 'The only thing that interests me about the US is Tupac, and I don't need a visa for that'. Putin on Western criticism They tell us that we are violating the norms of international law. First of all, it's good that they at least remember that international law exists TED Prize winner Rip veil off corporate criminals  Charmian Gooch, the anticorruption crusader who cofounded Global Witness, called Tuesday night for action to lift the veil on who owns corporations around the world. MH370 families dragged away from press conference amid claims they are being imprisoned in hotel rooms Ukrainian Defense Ministry military allowed to use arms to protect their lives after serviceman killed in Simferopol Russia has told the US that Western sanctions over the Crimea dispute are unacceptable, and has threatened consequences. Exdolphin fisherman says Japans hunt and slaughter not age old tradition China cuts power to North Korean island (Xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews) A man once believed to be one of Sweden's worst serial killers has been freed after spending two decades confined in a mental institution after a string of false murder confessions. Crimean Tatars Will Have to Vacate Land Russians reportedly attack two Ukrainian naval units in Crimea Taiwan's Parliament Building now occupied by citizens (xpost from r/taiwan) Israels defense minister (Moshe Yaalon) has signaled that his country has abandoned any hope that the United States will solve the Iranian nuclear crisis diplomatically and that he  in a reported reversal  would now support Israel taking unilateral military action against the Islamic Republic. Canadian Govt is Forcing Medical Marijuana Patients to Destroy Their Weed  Starting April 1, Canada's 40,000 medical marijuana patients will no longer be able to grow their own weed. Instead, they'll have to turn to the bigtime grow ops that are being built & regulated all across the country. German highspeed trains to be be delivered to five US states  German conglomerate Siemens has won a multimilliondollar US contract to build highspeed locomotives. Siemens outbid major US rivals in a tender aimed at establishing the first highspeed train services in the US. Ukrainian Prime Minister Yatseniuk has said the conflict in Crimea has moved from political to military stage. He has asked the defence minister to organize urgent meeting with Russian, British, US counterparts. Britain halts military cooperation and arms exports to Russia. In related news, Britain was selling arms to Russia American Film Crew Escapes Death in Ukraine (with video) London hospitals have treated 4000 patients for female genital mutilation since 2009 Moldova tells Russia don't eye annexation here Full EU Net Neutrality Proposal [pdf] Kazakhstan recognizes Crimean independence Turkish Airlines allegedly ships arms to Nigeria, tape reveals. An assistant executive of the airline is allegedly heard saying I do not know whether these (weapons) will kill Muslims or Christians. I feel sinful to Prime Minister Erdogan's advisor. The Great War is still killing two people dead and another two wounded in Ieper (Belgium) when a WW I shell explodes. Guy buys golden egg for $13,000. Turns out to be a Faberge egg worth $33.3 million. Tech Giants Knew About Prism All Along, the NSA's Top Lawyer Says Man in his early 20s 'woke to find MP Nigel Evans raping him' BP wins new US oil contracts four years after Deepwater Horizon disaster  wins 24 bids to begin exploration in the Gulf of Mexico, just days after authorities lifted a yearlong ban Exclusive Uruguay may import marijuana from Canada. While it waits for weed to grow, the South American country could turn to Canadian pot producers to kickstart its newly legalized marijuana industry. AMSA (Australian Maritime Safety Authority) has identified two possible objects that might be connected to missing Malaysian plane MH370. China indicates it may block future action against its staunchest ally, North Korea, slamming human rights critics as divorced from reality. Furthermore, China will continue deporting Korean refugees to North Korea, even though many of the deported are sent to prison camps and killed. President Obama No U.S. Military Action in Ukraine The Venezuelan government is removing city mayors who oppose President Nicolas Maduro's administration. Yesterday, the mayor of San Cristobal was arrested and the mayor of San Diego removed from office and jailed. It's no longer unthinkable to prepare for a major war in Europe, officials and analysts say. US funding ghost workers across Afghanistan I am writing to express my concern that the US may be unwittingly helping to pay the salaries of nonexistent members of the Afghan National Police wrote the special inspector general for Afghanistan reconstruction. NASA In 2012 Earth dodged a Solar blast by a mere nine days that would have taken out satellite communications systems, a big chunk of the GPS network, and possibly crashed power grids and computer systems down on the surface. Moscow signals concern for Russians in Estonia Russia signaled concern on Wednesday at Estonia's treatment of its large ethnic Russian minority, comparing language policy in the Baltic state with what it said was a call in Ukraine to prevent the use of Russian. North Korea says UN report on human rights fabricated Uganda's First Lady says she doesn't know any gay cows, so homosexuality doesn't exist... Australia sees possible plane debris Two pieces of debris possibly linked to Malaysia flight MH370 seen off Western Australia  Australian PM Tony Abbott International scholars say that the Canadian government's Elections Act threatens Canadas global reputation as a guardian of democracy and human rights Dont pay too much attention to the rhetoric that originates from Washington and Moscow and at meetings between their highlevel officials.Trust me as a former Kremlin and government adviser Behind the scenes it is mostly all handshakes and smiles. South African president, Jacob Zuma will need to pay back millions for upgrades to personal home in long awaited anticorruption probe Russia's Reality Check Ruble Bonds Drop Second Day on Sanctions | Markets are reacting in real time to Russias incursion into the Crimea section of Ukraine and plans to annex the Black Sea peninsula. Fortune magazine names Pope Francis the world's greatest leader His hardest work lies ahead. And yet signs of a 'Francis effect' abound In a poll in March, 1 in 4 Catholics said they'd increased their charitable giving to the poor this year. Of those, 77% said it was due in part to the Pope U.S. Boycotts U.N. Drone Strike Talks Russia warns West it may change its stance on Iran One of the world's largest and most knowledgeable scientific bodies wants to make one point very clear Just as smoking causes cancer, so too are humanity's greenhouse gas emissions causing the planet to change, with potentially unknown and unalterable impacts. France has banned the sale, use, and cultivation of Monsanto GMO maize crops Pirate Bay Founder Peter Sunde Gets Ready to Run for European Parliament Microsoft sells your Information to FBI; Syrian Electronic Army leaks Invoices The TransPacific Partnership Will Significantly Restrict Online Freedoms We Need Three Planets to Keep the Human Race Alive, NASA Scientist Says The last U.S. ambassador to the Soviet Union, argues that Russian President Vladimir Putins actions in Ukraine are a response to years of hostility from the United States, including the eastward expansion of NATO, the bombing of Serbia and the expansion of American military bases in Eastern Europe. First ever female genital mutilation prosecutions announced in UK Putin calls on billionaires to pay taxes in Russia Putin orders Russias central bank to help his billionaire friends after U.S. targets them for sanctions Desalination plant to be built in Gaza  The European Union and UNICEF launched a project Thursday to build a desalination plant in the Gaza Strip to provide 75,000 Palestinians with drinking water Russia raids Ukrainin factory in southern Russia, halts production. The factory is owned by proEuropean MP Petro Poroshenko. The underlying message from the head of Russia's biggest oil company, Rosneft, was clear If Europe and the United States isolate Russia, Moscow will look East for new business, energy deals, military contracts and political alliances. A video of a female Egyptian university student walking through the Cairo University campus while being whistled and shouted at by male students has caused an international and viral backlash against sexual harassment in Egypt A member of Russia's parliament who voted against annexation of Ukraine's Crimea might be expelled from the Duma A number of gunman, alleged to be teenagers, enter the fivestar Serena Hotel in Kabul with guns in their socks, hide out in the washroom for three hours, then storm the restaurant. Nine diners were killed, including women from Canada and New Zealand. Elite Afghan forces soon dispatched all of them. In Saudi Arabia, Indonesian maids are on death row for sorcery Head of Ukraine TV slapped around by politicians, forced to resign on camera An entire city in Sweden is being relocated to a new site 2 miles away, all thanks to the destructive impact of local mining that is already spreading cracks through the ground Kiruna is built upon. Ukraine guarantees rights, status of Crimean Tatars | Ukrainian parliament passes bill granting Crimean Tatars status as national minority, regional indigenous population. The first Ukrainian soldier killed in Russias invasion of Ukraines Crimean peninsula is Serhiy Kokurin, 37, a warrant officer from the Simferopol military unit | Kokurin was on the observation tower and shot in the heart when Russianbacked forces attacked his military unit. Russia Bewildered by US Sanctions, Warns Retaliation Will Not Take Long Russian troops have taken over three Ukrainian warships in Crimea, a Ukrainian navy official said, after Moscow's seizure and annexation of the peninsula | V. Seleznyov, a Ukrainian military spokesman, said the Russian forces used stun grenades as they stormed the corvette Ternopol in Sevastopol. Iraqi cleric who spoke out against terrorism gunned down in Mosul Satellite images show Iran is building a fake aircraft carrier Russia to refrain from retaliatory moves against US, Ukraine Putin Orange shares all its call data with France's intelligence agency DGSE, according to new Snowden leak Turks graffiti 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4  Google's public DNS servers to help people evade the Twitter ban Explosions and shots heard as Russian forces storm Ukrainian airforce base in Crimea. Michelle Obama tells Chinese students internet freedom's a universal right Orange has been cooperating allegedly illegally for years with Frances main intelligence agency (the DGSE). According to a newly found report by Edward Snowden and an investigation by Le Monde, the DGSE was given access to all of Oranges data (not just metadata). Greece's economy has shrunk by nearly onethird since 2007, and the debt has become unmanageable. According to the Greek Census Bureau, there has been a 43 percent increase in suicides in austeritychained Greece since the beginning of the crisis. Kenyan parliament passes polygamy law  Female politicians storm out after parliament passes law that allows men to to marry as many women as they want Ukraine finally signs the EU deal that started it all Today's agreement between Brussels and Kiev is a version of the one Yanukovych originally rejected four months ago, precipitating the crisis with Russia. China has found debris in southern corridor potentially from missing MH370. Turkey blocked Google DNS Putin orders fireworks over Moscow as he laughs off US sanctions  Telegraph Alarming spread of drugresistant TB threatens global health FIFA 'powerless' over Qatar labour rights  World football body accepts some responsibility over welfare of Qatar's migrant workers, but says it cannot intervene Russia tells UN Human Rights Council Language should not be used to segregate and isolate groups  (Russia is) concerned by steps taken in this regard in Estonia as well as in Ukraine. Spain condemns Israel's construction of new settlements European countries begin to rethink defense spending after decades of cuts in face of Russian actions. A serious recalibration is underway, particularly in countries with memories of Soviet tanks rumbling across their borders. Estonia and Latvia are now calling on NATO for more military assets. Ukraine police find 42 Kg of gold in exenergy minister's home French spy software targeted Canada report Apple Nicked Billions in Tax from Australia Were ready to fight, but not the Russian people. Were fighting the Russian criminals in the Kremlin. They want to make slaves out of us, If not for us, nobody will. If I dont do it, who will? Inmarsat reveals all 7 pings from MH370 were progressively further from the satellite Thailand is removing thousands of Rohingya refugees fleeing Myanmar from immigration confinement centers and transporting them to human traffickers waiting at sea, then to a series of camps near Malay border until relatives pay thousands of dollars to release them Canadian Judge has granted medical marijuana patients and producers exception from new laws set to take effect April 1st, until a proper constitutional challenge can be heard. Turks face new Internet restrictions after Twitter block  DNS servers are being blocked European Union prepares for trade war with Russia over Crimea Airlines Move to Cut Off Service to Venezuela Germans seize cocaine addressed to Vatican Storms uncover 7,500yearold drowned forest on Irelands west coast In nonbinding poll, Venice votes 89% in favour of cutting ties with Italy and forming their own state. Nato warns of Russian army buildup on Ukraine border Drug dealers in Mexico 'made to eat children's hearts' to prove their loyalty to Knights Templar leader El Chayo Revelations of NSA spying cost US tech companies Microsoft has lost customers, including the government of Brazil. IBM is spending more than $1 billion to build data centres overseas to reassure foreign customers that their information is safe from prying eyes in the US government. Snowden documents reveal NSA breached servers of Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei Turkish PM Erdogan I don't understand how people of good sense could defend this Facebook, YouTube and Twitter Canadian PM says he'll push for Russia's expulsion from the G8 Visa and MasterCard block Russian bank customers 3Eyed Fish Drawing Attention to Raw Sewage & Toxic Pollution in the Great Lakes Basin of Ontario  It's the largest freshwater ecosystem on earth. And its under attack. Czech Republic ready to deploy its air force in protection of Eastern European countries In Unprecedented Move, 5 Govts Make Pact to Protect Threatened Sargasso Sea  For 1st time, the worlds only sea without coasts will be protected from pollution, ship traffic, overfishing, & illegal activities. This scale of action is unprecedented either on land or in the sea. Guinea confirms Ebola as source of deadly epidemic Drugresistant TB a global health security risk, WHO says Pakistan erased an entire International New York Times cover story Obama will meet Xi Jinping of China in attempt to isolate Russia over Ukraine The Russian Navy said Saturday that it took over Ukraines only submarine, based in Sevastopol, Crimea Poland calls for larger U.S. military presence in eastern Europe Government intervenes at school 'taken over by Muslim radicals Adolfo Surez dies. First president of the Spanish democracy. Australian PM Civilian aircraft gets first direct sighting of debris found in search for missing jet Russia to Europe We can do whatever we want Swedish foreign minister Twitter ban is stupid Danish Minister Mogens Jensen to Uganda's Prime Minister What would you say if it was forbidden to be black? Egypt court sentences 529 to death Malayisan PM Flight MH370 ended in the southern Indian Ocean Russia ready to annex Moldova region, Nato commander claims Norway's army is making women share bedrooms with their male colleagues. This has led to a drop in reports of sexual harassment Two more colossal pharaoh statues unveiled in Egypt Poll shows half of Finns would support a military union with Sweden MI5 warns British officials to beware of Russian 'honey traps' as relations worsen over Ukraine Pope Francis announces the first eight members of a new 'commission for safeguarding minors.' One was abused by a priest in the 1960s and has become a prominent activist working to hold the church accountable. Russia slams Germany for halting arms deal Turkey becomes first country ever to ban Google DNS (xpost from /r/Turkey) China is now claiming parts of Indonesia as its sovereign territory. Japan to Let U.S. Assume Control of Nuclear Cache Ukraine fears Russian invasion imminent Chinese man jailed after he applied for permission to protest on the anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. India Beats The Odds, Beats Polio Rukhsar Khatoon is... a last in a country of 1.2 billion people. Rukhsar, 4, is the final documented case of polio in India. Ebola outbreak in Guinea kills dozens, spreads to capital Hamid Karzai announces support for Russia's annexation of Crimea, making Afghanistan the third country (after Syria & Venezuela) to publicly back Russia's actions. As many as 32,000 kids infected with drugresistant TB report Pirate Bay Founder Peter Sunde to run for European Parliament from Finland Students storm the Executive Yuan (executive branch of gvmt.), an escalation of events surrounding the protest of the Trade Agreement with China, one of the biggest student movements to date in Taiwan. Brazil set to send army into Rio slums as violence escalates before World Cup MH370 Australian ship trying to recover 'objects'  live updates Norwegian exPM to be next NATO Secretary General Russia moves in to take over a 3rd military base in Crimea AntiChinese propaganda on display at North Korean military academy Solar Power Is Now Just As Cheap As Conventional Electricity In Italy And Germany Russian thugs beat up St Patricks flashmob after mistaking it for gay activists U.S., other powers kick Russia out of G8 Jimmy Carter I have become convinced that the most serious and unaddressed worldwide challenge is the deprivation and abuse of women and girls. Australia, Tony Abbot says, has too much lockedup forest. Mr Abbott wants to open up a swathe of Australias most foughtover forest and hand it to loggers. Qatar 2022 World Cup expected to take more lives than 9/11 Ukraine to take Russia to the International Court... Head of Public Relations for the 2022 Qatar World Cup sent an angry letter to Deadspin regarding their Report Qatars World Cup will Take More Lives Than 9/11 article Bloomberg editor quits over China story. Editors did not publish an investigative article on Chinese elites due to fears that Bloomberg would be expelled from the country. Bloomberg relies heavily on sales of its financial data terminals in the country. Genocidal War in Darfur Revealed in New Satellite Photos  Latest images taken from space are grim indeed. UK To Start Buying Gas From Russia Despite Threats Of Sanctions Over Crimea Most Face Masks In China Don't Work And Pollution Is Getting Worse Sweden has designed a warplane so sophisticated it is being heralded as the world's first sixthgeneration fighter. Russian TV Anchor Accuses Jews Of Bringing Holocaust On Themselves Russia Gets Ready for Life Without Visa and MasterCard UN calls on Turkey to stop blocking Twitter Russia's Economy Ministry releases expected first quarter figures. GDP growth of around zero, 7% inflation, capital flight of $6570 billion. Mostly due to lost investor confidence, not sanctions. WHO Report 1 in 8 of all global deaths in 2012 was linked to polluted air More Allies Are Cutting Orders for the Pentagon's Costly New Fighter Jet Russia offers India crude oil supplies, stakes in blocks in the Barents Sea (Arctic Ocean) G7 to hold June summit in Brussels instead of G8 meeting in Russia Time to grab guns and kill damn Russians  Tymoshenko in leaked audio recording 'I have been beaten' The Uzbek president's daughter smuggles a letter to the BBC UK HMRC criticised for using terror laws against tax whistleblower | Public accounts committee chair says tax official's use of powers to track down journalist had 'shocked her to the bones'. Egyptian television celebrates mass death sentence Brazil passes Internet governance Bill Brazil has made history with the approval of a postSnowden Bill which sets out principles, rights and guarantees for Internet users. Kenya to use drones to fight elephant, rhino poachers Icelanders can now each claim $400 worth of Auroracoin, the country's new digital currency The goal is to decentralize power and revive Iceland's local economy, given that the kroner has fallen dramatically in value in recent years. Iceland was hard hit by the 2008 global financial crisis ... As Turkey censors Internet, Tor adds 10,000 new users per day  Turkeys online censorship and banning of Twitter is fueling mass adoption of Tor, the most popular anonymity network online, as a tool to circumvent government obstruction The head of Russia's largest bank, the state owned Sberbank, has warned that Russia is now at risk of recession Guardian threatened with closure over Snowden leaks, conference told. Pope Francis has formally accepted the resignation of a senior German Church leader suspended over his alleged lavish spending. Ukrainian Women Have Launched a Sex Strike Against Russian Men Swedish hotel denies breakfast to Roma guest | A Swedish expert invited by the government to speak at the release of its white paper on Roma discrimination was on Tuesday denied entry to the breakfast room at Stockholm's Sheraton hotel. She had to drink her coffee in the lobby. Female polio vaccinator, mother of 5, has been found dead after being kidnapped and tortured in Peshawar, Pakistan. The Ecuadorian lawyer representing small farmers trying to force Chevron to pay damages for pollution in the Amazon rainforest says he has received death threats NSA, FBI, DIA Sued over Refusal to Disclose U.S. Role in Imprisonment of Nelson Mandela A Contiguous 12Country Coalition is Building the 'Great Green Wall of Africa' to span 5,000 Miles Across the Continent and Slow Desertification Something rotten in the Metropolitan Police Corrupt officers may escape justice thanks to mass shredding of evidence Comet lander set to wake up A fridgesized robot lab hurtling through the Solar System aboard a European probe is about to wake from hibernation and prepare for the firstever landing by a spacecraft on a comet. New York Times report Pakistani officials knew about bin Ladens whereabouts India tests new underwater nuclear missile Russian military holds exercises in breakaway Moldova region Catalonia independence vote ruled unconstitutional The war in Syria is not only a war without end. It is a war without international humanitarian law  statistics tell their own story. Out of a population of 22 million, 9 million Syrians have been displaced from their homes. 130,000 are dead Missing plane hunt for 'new objects' A further 122 objects potentially from missing Malaysian flight identified by satellite, Malaysian minister says. The images, taken on 23 March, showed objects up to 23m (75 ft) in length, he said. Ebola Outbreak in Guinea is Suspected to be the Deadly Zaire Strain, Which Kills Approximately 80 Percent of Hosts The Russian Navy Now Controls Ukraine's Combat Dolphin Program Greece seeks war reparations from Berlin  Move to claim $7bn awarded to Greece in 1946 over Nazi crimes comes amid growing antiGerman sentiments over austerity War without weapons Russia singles out Canada over tough line Turkey bans YouTube Estonias President suggestion on how to deal with Russia go after the Kremlins banks like youd go after a terrorists, question the legitimacy of Russian passports, and never doubt Putins taste for territory. Catholic bishop who blew $300,000 on a fish tank and $900,000 on LED lighting blames his deputy for lavish spending Prepare for War in 2015, Kim Jongun Tells Officers In Turkey, leaked recording surfaces on Syria war policy G7 warns Russia of more sanctions if Ukraine crisis escalates Monsanto Forced to Withdraw Unsubstantiated Advertising Claims on Benefits of GM Crops in South Africa Barack Obama, the US president, has expressed concerned about cutbacks in European defence spending, telling NATO members in Brussels that everyone has to be chipping in to defend the continent's borders, sovereignty and territorial integrity. Dwarf planet discovery hints at a hidden Super Earth in solar system  The body, which orbits the sun at a greater distance than any other known object, may be shepherded by an unseen planet Japanese court has decided to release a man on death row for more than 30 years in a highprofile murder case based on new DNA evidence. Liberia declares Ebola outbreak a national emergency Soyuz rocket carrying expedition 39 to the ISS has had technical difficulties. An engine burn did not occur as planned and the 6 hour trip will now take 2 days South Korea Seizes North Korean Boat Amid New Tensions World now 80% polio free, World Health Organization says The World Health Organization has declared its South East Asia region poliofree. The certification is being hailed a historic milestone in the global fight to eradicate the deadly virus. North Korea Calls South Korean President 'Blabbering Peasant Woman' In Unhinged Rant Swiss decide against Russian sanctions Obama Defends Iraq Invasion At Least America 'Sought' To Get UN Backing (Norway)Planned military activities with Russia suspended UN Human Rights Committee Says International Human Rights Treaty Applies to US Worldwide Surveillance IMF agrees to $1418 billion bailout for Ukraine, to rise to $27 billion over the next two years. Russian officials dump iPads over spy fears Canadian Mayor Rob Ford Says Scandals are Old News During Debate  Says people no longer interested in the drug scandal surrounding him after the frontrunners trying to replace him said he has embarrassed Toronto & ruined its reputation Ukraine agrees to 50% gas price hike Ukraine's interim gov't says it will raise gas prices for domestic consumers by 50% in an effort to secure an IMF aid package. An official at Naftogaz state energy company said the price rise would come in on 1 May ... further rises would be scheduled until 2018 Pakistan court sentences Christian man to death for blasphemy Black money India threatens to take action against Switzerland UN Slams US for torture, NSA spying Russia to raise price of Ukrainian gas 80% UK Government DVD and CD ripping will be legalized this summer Ukraine says 100,000 Russian troops near border Russia is growing concerned about wellbeing of Germans, Czechs, Hungarians and other minorities in Ukraine. A senior military academic is warning Europe is staring down the barrel of its biggest war since 1945. And it could start in days, as Russian forces mass on the border with Ukraine Sochi Resembles a Ghost Town Just Weeks after Olympics Russia agrees to turn over some weapons, military equipment in Crimea to Ukraine If Wolves are Protected in France, Why are They Being Hunted?  Wolves were originally hunted to extinction by farmers in France back in the 1930s. In 1992 a mating pair crossed the border from Italy. It is now estimated there are around 300 individuals in 25 packs across France. WHO declares India a poliofree nation Russian Border Buildup Stokes Worries  Russian troops massing near Ukraine are actively concealing their positions and establishing supply lines that could be used in a prolonged deployment. Recording posted on YouTube in which officials heard discussing plot to establish a justification for military strikes in Syria rattles Turkey. Obama urges Russia to pull back troops from Ukrainian border U.S. Tries To Stop India's Solar Policy While Pushing Fight Against Climate Change Turkey YouTube Ban Full Transcript of Leaked Syria 'War' Conversation (FALSE Flag Plan) Between Erdogan Officials Denmark offers F16 patrols to Baltic states, in response to Russian incursion. Pentagon Russian Forces on Ukraine's Border Not Conducting Routine Exercises Kenya Muslim MP says homosexuality just as serious as terrorism World's Biggest Coal Company, World's Biggest PR Firm Pair Up To Promote Coal For Poor People. In the 1990s, BursonMarsteller was involved in forming a smoker's rights front group known as the National Smokers Alliance, funded by the tobacco industry Norway's Former Premier Jens Stoltenberg to Be New Chief of NATO Pakistani Christian gets death in blasphemy case 'The Guardian' reporting of Snowden leaks threatened with closure, conference told President Obama announces plan to dismantle NSA phone record database | The Verge Yanukovich calls for referendum on each Ukrainian region Turkish foreign minister calls Syria security leak a declaration of war Thorium a safer nuclear power  China last week announced it was going to speed up its research and development of fourth generation socalled molten salt reactors that can run on thorium. It aims to have one operational in 10 years instead of 25 years Gay marriage to become legalised at midnight tonight in England and Wales A Philippine government ship has slipped past a Chinese coast guard blockade and brought food and fresh troops to a marooned navy ship used as a base by Filipino troops to bolster the country's territorial claims in the disputed South China Sea Mozilla staff call for new CEO to stand down over donation to antigay marriage campaign Google and Facebook get sued over their incomprehensible privacy policies Russian fighter jets light up Finnish sky Putin Calls Obama to discuss Ukraine North Korean rockets contain American, British, South Korean parts, UN finds Der Spiegel NSA Put Merkel on List of 122 Targeted Leaders Russia has 'absolutely no intention' of crossing Ukraine border Lavrov Huawei on NSA If foreign spies attacked a US firm, thered be outrage  Chinese tech company still trying to track down NSA infiltration Over U.S. objection, U.N. Human Rights Council votes to probe legality of drone strikes. Ireland Judge sparks controversy after saying that Muslims feel they can actually beat their wives A ruling at The Hague on Japans whaling activity in the Antarctic Ocean Monday may mark the end of an era  Japan has subsidized a robust whaling program since 1987under the auspices of a research project. The decision comes when demand for whale meat in Japan is in decline Major Taliban attack underway now near the election commission in Kabul Afghanistan FirstEver Excavation Reveals Horrors of Nazi Death Camp Crimean Tatars offer orthodox priests of the Kyivan Patriarchate to conduct services at mosques in case of being forced out by Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Russia Completes Military Takeover of Crimea Canadian Inuit post 'sealfies' in protest over Ellen DeGeneres' Oscarnight selfie | Film Despite 2nd Turkish court ruling in favour of Twitter, access remains blocked Russia to hand over to Ukraine 350 armoured and motor vehicles MH370 objects bearing colours of missing plane seen in new search zone EU's Ashton denounces radicals' pressure on Ukraine parliament How a Chinese Tech Firm Became the NSA's Surveillance Nightmare Putin Russia to record holders of dual citizenship British experts say they have found London's lost Black Death graves Archaeologists in Britain have solved a 660yearold mystery, citing DNA tests which they said proved they had found a lost burial site for tens of thousands of people killed in medieval London by the Black Death plague. Pope Francis 'stuns' congregation by confessing to an 'ordinary' priest In a move that was described as bold and even noteworthy by some, Pope Francis has stunned a congregation by confessing his sins to an ordinary priest in full view of St. Peter's Basilica. Turkey started hijacking IP addresses for popular Global DNS providers Black Death Was Not Spread by Rat Fleas  Evidence from skulls in London shows plague had to have been airborne to spread so fast & kill so quickly, making it a pneumonic plague rather than a bubonic one. Brunei brings in system of Islamic law with punishments that include the dismemberment of limbs and stoning to death Vladimir Putin 'Wants to Regain Finland' Says Close Adviser Rio Looks Like A War Zone As Troops Raid Slums Only Months Before The World Cup On Eve of Turkish Elections, Google Confirms DNS Service Intercepted In a phone call with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, Hamid Karzai accused Pakistan of being behind a recent series of attacks and of blocking his government from striking a peace deal with the Taliban Office of Outgoing JPMorgan Asia CEO Raided By Hong Kong's Commission Against Corruption Fifth Brazilian World Cup construction worker dies after falling 25ft while installing seats Crimea sets clocks to Moscow time Biggest Threat to Japan Whaling isn't Environmentalists, but Declining Appetites  Due to a lack of buyers, stockpiled whale meat has doubled. Over 2,300 minke whales worth of meat is sitting in freezers, yet whalers still plan to catch another 1,300 whales a yr. Philippines sues China over sea claims lawsuit says China has no 'historical rights' to a section of South China Sea. UN Science Report Warming Worsens Security Woes  top scientists are saying that climate change will complicate and worsen existing global security problems, such as civil wars, strife between nations and refugees. Putin gives green light to sale of S400 missile system to ChinaPoliticsNewsWantChinaTimes.com Boy, 14, told reporters he was stripped, spit on and beaten by Israeli soldiers during interrogation Guinea battles to contain Ebola as Senegal closes its border Slovak tycoon Kiska, who has no previous political experience, wins presidency China seizes $14.5 billion assets from family, associates of exsecurity chief  sources Archaeologists Delicately Dig Up Nazi Death Camp Secrets at Treblinka Mexico finds 370 abandoned immigrant children North Korea To UN On Human Rights 'Mind Your Own Business' Crowds gather in Crimean capital Simferopol to celebrate as their clocks move two hours forward to Moscow time. One million people have been forced out of their homes by S Sudan conflict The UN's International Court of Justice has ruled that Japan's Antarctic whaling programme is not for scientific purposes BBC News  North and South Korea exchange fire across western sea border 10,000yearold settlement found in Cork NSA Infiltrated RSA Security More Deeply Than Thought Germany ready to reinforce NatoRussia borders World court says Japan's Antarctic whaling program is not for scientific purposes No proof torture helped US find Osama bin Laden, Senate report concludes Israel bulldozes Palestinian homes, mosque Silk Road closure fails to dampen illegal drug sales online, experts say India creates own drug to treat gangrene, to be available in a year Members of the UN's climate panel say that their report provides overwhelming evidence of the scale of global warming UN court rules against Japan whaling Obama weighs sending shoulderfired missiles to Syrian rebels Moving quickly to envelop Crimea in the Russian bureaucracy and economy, the Kremlin announced plans on Monday to nearly double retirement pensions paid to the elderly on the peninsula, raising them to the average levels paid in Russia. South African President Jacob Zuma refuses to pay back hundreds of millions on upgraded personal residence Poland seeks to avoid Russian 'gas blackmail' Russia returns captured submarine to Ukraine, says that sub stopped being relevant on the battlefield since the 80s. Sub will have to be towed to Ukraninan side by tugboat. Russian Deputy Prime Minister tweets photo in Crimea saying, Crimea is ours, and thats that. 2 Morsi supporters sentenced to death. They are accused of throwing a kid and a young man off a building in Alexandria. Pilots daughter says UK tabloid made up MH370 report Health authorities in Guinea are facing an unprecedented epidemic of Ebola, an international aid group warned Monday as the death toll from the disease that causes severe bleeding reached 78. India, Russia sign Rs 2,600 crore (USD 430 million) deal for antitank ammunition Ebola outbreak spreads to Liberia after killing 70 in Guinea Germany Mulls Military Support for NATO's Eastern European States MH370 Hopes dashed as orange objects turn out to be fishing equipment Opposition ballots found in trash bags in southern Turkey Mexican marines kill leader of Knights Templar drug cartel Saudi Arabia Doubles Down on Atheism; New Laws Declares It Equivalent to Terrorism  nonbelievers are assumed to be enemies of the Saudi state Lithuania bans Russian TV station over 'lies' New Leaks Show NSA, GCHQ Infiltrating Private German Companies Germany returns art stolen by Nazis in 1939 to Poland Chinas highspeed rail is so popular, its hurting the domestic airline industry. British sniper in Afghanistan kills six Taliban with one bullet Lufthansa pilots strike. 3,800 flights cancelled. Russia warns Kiev against NATO integration Russia warned Ukraine against integration with NATO on Tuesday, saying Kiev's previous attempts to move closer to the defence alliance had had unwelcome consequences. Campaign calls for Paris love locks to be banned. An estimated 700K padlocks now attached to locations across French capital; weight could risk structural integrity of the citys architecture. US accuses China of provoking Philippines Nato plans stronger military ties to exSoviet states Ministers consider joint exercises with Azerbaijan, Armenia and Moldova after annexation of Crimea Ocean Garbage Thwarts Flight 370 Search  The ocean is like a plastic soup, bulked up with the croutons of these larger items. It's like a toilet bowl that swirls but doesn't flush. Australian PM pledges search will continue indefinitely, despite obstacles. 'Torture was not essential to find bin Laden, US Senate report will find Ukraine crisis No sign of Russian troop pullout  Nato Afghanistan 7 militants blown up while making roadside bombs in mosque Gazprom hikes Ukraine gas price by a third The company's CEO says the change was because Kiev has failed to pay its bills. ... the price of Russian gas for Ukraine has gone up to $385.5 per 1,000 cubic metres in the second quarter of 2014 from the previous rate of $268.5. Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, found guilty of bribery Israel's former prime minister is expected to go to jail after a judge convicted of him of receiving 190,000 in bribes and accused him of lying in court The potential threats posed by coal and natural gas projects to the Great Barrier Reef are sparking everything from lawsuits to tweets from Hollywood stars. Theyre also prompting close scrutiny from investors as a global campaign against fossil fuels gains momentum. To replace drone strikes, US to give Yemen Hellfirearmed crop dusters Unidentified drone crashed on South Korean border island, suspected to be of North Korean origin Russia Raises Salaries and Pensions for Crimeans U.S. ambassador to India resigns after diplomatic row Journalists increasingly under fire from hackers Google researchers show 21 out of 25 top news organizations hit by statesponsored attacks. An 8.0 magnitude earthquake has struck offshore Northern Chile  Live coverage inside. Japan Halts Whaling Program in Response to International Court Ruling Putin Divorces Wife after 30 Years A suspected World War II bomb exploded in the Thai capital as scrap metal workers tried to cut it open with a blow torch March Was First Month Without U.S. Fatalities in Iraq or Afghanistan In 11 Years MPs criticise BBC over climate change reporting. Some editors appear to be particularly poor at determining the level of scientific expertise of contributors in debates, for instance, putting up lobbyists against top scientists as though their arguments on the science carry equal weight. Exxon Mobil says climate change unlikely to stop it selling fossil fuels oil giant issues report on risks that climate policies could pose to the value of its assets and future profitability Bombs explode outside of Cairo University Progov suppliers, not cats, cut off electricity on election night in Turkey Researchers testing a reallife humantodolphin translator have reported the first successful use of their technology in the wild, with a bottlenose dolphin pointing out a piece of nearby seaweed to a scientist in the water. Ukraine crisis Poland asks Nato to station 10,000 troops on its territory Ebola virus has spread from Guinea into Liberia and possibly Sierra Leone, as well as Guinea's capital, Conakry, which has a population of two million people. Senegal has closed its land border with Guinea. Turkey's Riot Police Use Water Cannons on Vote Fraud Protesters A newspaper editor in Vologda posted a tongueincheek letter to Putin, asking him to help topple the Russian city's 'corrupt oppressors.' He now faces 6 years in prison under charges of extremism. Ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych Crimea a part of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych, Ukraines ousted president, calls Russias annexation of Crimea a tragedy and says he hopes the Black Sea peninsula can come back under Ukraines fold someday. Bulgaria wary as Russia steps up military flights over Black Sea Russia's Last Independent TV Channel Is Fighting For Its Life, Asks For Help to Raise Funds Turkish Constitutional Court ruled that Twitter ban is unconstitutional  The high court issued same ruling, deeming the ban unlafwul, one week ago, only to be dismissed by the Turkish government Russia has threatened to retaliate against US diplomatic missions after JPMorgan Chase blocked a money transfer from a Russian embassy, in the clearest political fallout so far from sanctions imposed over the annexation of Crimea last month Amnesty Reports Dozens of Venezuela Torture Accounts Five days of rowdy protests in a southern Chinese city against a planned chemical plant have forced the authorities onto the back foot and underscored that breakneck economic growth no longer rides roughshod over public opinion in the world's second largest economy. Evacuations as Peru volcano rumbles to life, occurs just hours before 8.0 earthquake near Chile 1/4 of Europe's Bumblebee Species Risk Extinction Largely because of climate change & intensive farming, says the International Union for Conservation of Nature. China prefers to negotiate with countries individually, rather than in international forums, accounting for Chinese action in Pacific. China says it was provoked by Philippines' request for UN arbitration calls international dispute resolution illegal and unreasonable. Nigeria Muslims torch Christian church