 UN In order to stop the spread of Ebola... Stop eating dried fruit bats and dead animals you find on the ground. Fruit bats are among the most notorious for spreading the disease Civilian Death Toll in Ukraine reaches 800, over 2,000 wounded. These deaths have gone virtually unnoticed by the outside world. Luxury Cruise Line Offering Environmental Disaster Tourism in Arctic  US cruise operator announces it'll offer a onceinalifetime trip to experience the environmental devastation of the Arctic  using a mode of transport that emits 3 times more CO2 per passenger per mile than a jumbo jet. India drops claim to 19,500 square kilometers of disputed maritime area settling a four decade old dispute with Bangladesh UN chief Ban Kimoon says attack on Gaza school is 'a moral outrage and a criminal act;' says those responsible must be held accountable ISIS Makes Up To $3 Million a Day Selling Oil, Say Analysts Report Israel eavesdropped on Kerry's phone calls Britain 'attempts to censor' US report on torture sites  US Senate report may confirm that Diego Garcia was used for extraordinary rendition after 9/11 UN warns of Gaza health disaster A lake suddenly appeared in the Tunisian desert, and the water could be radioactive. 'It's like the Apocalypse' says British doctor in Gaza Soldier Thought to Be Captured Was Killed in Battle, Israel Says. Ebola Virus Is Outpacing Efforts to Control It, World Health Body Warns  NYTimes.com If We Release a Small Fraction of Arctic Carbon, 'We're Fucked' Climatologist IsraelGaza conflict At least 100 dead in 24 hours in Rafah  Israeli military react to apparent capture of one of their soldiers before declaring him killed in battle. A desperate bid to stop illegal loggers and drug runners has forced a Brazilian tribe to contact the outside world Italians enraged at rise of Sicily's new Facebook mafia  Detectives are poring over social media for details that might help them arrest new generation of mobsters who have turned their back on traditional code of discretion Israel PM Netanyahu says operation in Gaza will continue if required after Hamas tunnels are destroyed Chinese cable television service hacked to broadcast messages attacking the ruling Communist party and calling for the release of a prodemocracy activist Hospital Director in Liberia tests positive for Ebola after false negative a week earlier. Russian bunkersmashing rockets arrive in Iraq. IDF declares missing IDF officer Hadar Goldin dead Violent uprising in Xinjiang, China leaves almost 100 dead Powerful US spy tools were set for NZ installation Ed Miliband accuses David Cameron of 'inexplicable silence' in row over Gaza NSA hands Gaza targeting data to Israel, say latest Snowden docs The Phillipines has reported the country's first suspected cases of the Ebola virus 62% of British public says Israel committing war crimes, as polls show sympathy for Palestinians Ten firms say they will not represent clients that deny manmade climate change or seek to block emissonreducing regulations South Korea Sent 10,000 Choco Pies Over to North Korea in Balloons Israeli Foreign Minister Suggests UN Takes Control of Gaza Scientists discover vast methane plumes escaping from Arctic seafloor  aboard the icebreaker Oden  currently north of eastern Siberia Bodies of possible Ebola victims found in central Monrovia on the street for four days before being collected; gov says few hours High winds expose previously unknown Nazca geoglyphs in Peru Iran's elite Guards fighting in Iraq to push back Islamic State Obama 'Russia doesn't make anything,' West must be firm with China Terror attack in Jerusalem. 1 killed, 5 injured, terrorist shot dead. Five previous Ebola outbreaks have been linked to the handling of meat from gorillas, chimps and duikers... all these animals have been found for sale in the UK. Heathrow baggage handlers frequently complain about foulsmelling packages, some seeping blood Iran ready to fully support Palestine Strong quake kills at least 367 in southern China There are reports of the Islamic State executing dozens of Yazidis. UK government reviewing 8bn of arms sales to Israel Obama  'Russia doesn't make anything' US president downplays Russia's role in the world, saying Vladimir Putin's actions will hurt country in the longterm. Israel reaks ceasefire in minutes' as eightyearold girl killed in air strike Over 400 Ukrainian Military Personnel Request Refugee Status in Russia New Fears That 'Bush Meat' Could Spread Ebola Experts warn deadly virus could be carried through smuggled meat...While the meat is often disguised as beef, it is often found to be the meat of wild animals such as rat or antelope....7500 tons annually. Police in China have detained six executives of a meat supply company that supplied longexpired meat to foreign fast food chains McDonalds and KFCparent Yum Brands Inc, among many others Indian police have arrested the chairman of staterun Syndicate bank, Sudhir Kumar Jain, and several others over allegations of bribery The raids are being described as the first large scale anticorruption moves since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took office earlier this year. More than 130 Palestinians killed in IDF's 'Hannibal' protocol Israel declares 7hour humanitarian ceasefire to take effect Monday in Gaza Obama signs bill giving Israel $225 million for missile defense system Hamas militants caught on tape assembling and firing rockets from an area next to a hotel where journalists were staying. Spain freezes arms exports to Israel over Gaza op This is the second country to announce sanctions over weapons sale to Israel. Beijing to ban coal use to curb pollution Beijing will ban coal use in its six main districts by the end of 2020 Outspoken Russian journalist Timur Kuashev found dead. Israel Announces Withdrawal of all Troops from Gaza US to Give Kurdish Forces Air Support Military jets escort passenger plane to Manchester Airport 2,100YrOld Royal Chinese Tombs DiscoveredJade coffin & over 10,000 artifacts in mausoleum of 3 main tombs, 11 attendant tombs, 5 chariots, swords, spearheads, crossbow triggers, knives found. King's tomb has gold, silver, musical instruments, over 100,000 coins & a kitchen with food. Pakistani secret service (ISI) planned attacks on US and Israeli consulates in India Israel Flagged as Top Spy Threat to U.S. in New Snowden/NSA Document German prosecutors say they would accept an offer of $100m (60m) from Formula 1 chief Bernie Ecclestone to end his trial on bribery charges. Ebola death toll in Africa reaches 887 (158 more than 4 days ago) WikiLeaks Israel actively supported Hamas | Documents allegedly show that Israel was interested in empowering Hamas in attempt to end the first Intifada. Singapore's parliament has passed a bill proposing to fine companies that pollute the country's air, regardless of whether the companies operate on the island. Under the bill, companies found guilty of causing haze could be fined up to S$100,000 ($80,347) for each day they pollute ... Israeli soldier arrested, suspected of stealing from Gaza home  Decision to investigate incident causes outrage among fellow soldiers MH17 breakthrough as owner of Volvo truck that transported missile is found Lady Warsi, British Foreign Office minister resigns over governments morally reprehensible stance on Gaza Women's engineering colleges in India are closing. Women prefer coed colleges because they believe working alongside men improves their job prospects Deputy Speaker of the Israeli Knesset and member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus ruling Likud Party, Moshe Feiglin, has called for the use of concentration camps for the conquest of the entire Gaza Strip. NZ parliament unanimously condemns Israel The French Are Thinking About Arming Europe Instead of Russia | VICE News Kurdish forces, known as the Peshmerga, entered Sinjar, Iraq on Monday and have been engaged in housetohouse battles in some of the fiercest fighting since the fall of Mosul to ISIS in June Worst forest fire in modern history ravages Sweden, covering over 10,000 hectars of forest and evacuating town after town 27 000 Russian tourists stranded abroad as travel company collapses after economic sanctions Indonesia, the largest Muslim country in the world, has banned the support and endorsement of ISIS Italy expels imam for preaching hatred against Jews US officials say someone else is leaking documents in the wake of Snowden Germany blocks the delivery of military parts to Russia Canadians Cant Drink Their Water After 1.3 Billion Gallons Of Mining Waste Flows Into Rivers Outrage in Saudi Arabia at appearance of female newsreader without headscarf on state television Wikipedia has revealed that more than 50 links to content on its website have been removed from Google's search results under the controversial Right to be Forgotten ruling Angry Palestinians Attack Hamas Official Over Gaza Destruction NATO says Russia could be poised to invade Ukraine Iraqi children die as ISIS targets Yazidi minority. Lawmaker Vian Dakhil, the only MP representing the Yazidi minority in Iraq's Parliament, said in an impassioned speech that 70 Yazidi children had died so far, that women were being killed or sold into slavery and that 500 men had been slaughtered. Member of Iraqi Parliament breaks down in tears ISIL is exterminating my people (translation included) Ebola outbreak British experts urge US and WHO to give Africans experimental cure. A US 2star Major General was killed and 15 other soldiers, including a German Brigadier General, were wounded in an attack at a military academy in Afghanistan today. The major general would be the highestranking member of the U.S. military to die in hostilities in Afghanistan. Rosetta satellite set to land on comet after 10 years LIVE Putin bans agricultural imports from sanctioning countries for 1 year North Korea plans to fire missiles at White House, Pentagon if USSouth Korea continue military exercises Perus New Cocaine  Illegal gold miningfarmers digging up ore & selling it on the black market, so that it may eventually end up wrapped around your fiances fingeris a major cause of rain forest depletion. It has devastated nearly 370,000 acres of the Peruvian Amazon. France 24 Reporter Reveals Hamas Rocket Launcher Fired Near Civilians, United Nations Facility and Reporters ISIS commander killed in Lebanon clashes Putin spends 300 billion roubles from public pension savings to plug fiscal holes, second year in a row More than 400 children have been killed in Israel's assault on Gaza, and almost a thousand times as many are traumatized and face an extraordinarily bleak future, says top UNICEF official in Gaza US spy plane photos reveal groups of girls believed to be those kidnapped by Boko Haram from a Nigerian boarding school Between 35,00050,000 Yazidis are completely surrounded by ISIS militants in Sinjar, Iraq Iraqi Yazidis stranded on isolated mountaintop begin to die of thirst. Leader in murder of Israeli teens arrested Campaign Mounts to Declassify 9/11 Reports References to Alleged Saudi Involvement Snowden granted 3yr residence permit Chinese city bans anyone with Islamic clothing or a ig beard' from boarding buses after terror attacks across the country Israel proposes ceasefire extension; Hamas declines Netanyahu Hamas accepted the exact ceasefire they rejected three weeks earlier. 90% of all casualties could have been avoided Russian Poacher Faces 7 Years in Prison for Killing Extremely Rare Amur Leopard. Fewer than 50 remain in the wild. France Passes Sweeping Gender Equality Law  At a time when women in many parts of the world are seeing their rights restricted, violated, & disrespected, France has set an important example. 'Ensuring a womans right to control her fertility is fundamental to achieving gender equality.' The 1% May Be Richer Than You Think, Research Shows Isis seizes Iraq's largest Christian town 40,000 Iraqis stranded on mountain as Isis jihadists threaten death Ecuador to open embassy in 'Palestine', president cancels visit to Israel Turkey airdrops aid to starving Iraqi refugees stranded on mountain Jimmy Carter slams Israel in proPalestine oped 'Help Israel avoid war crimes charges,' Netanyahu urges US lawmakers New HepatitisC drug 99% cheaper in India Ebola survivors shunned as zombies in Guinea The CDC has issued its highest alert for an allhands on deck response to the Ebola crisis in West Africa. Spacecraft catches comet after 10year chase Russia will ban all imports of food from the United States and all fruit and vegetables from Europe, the state news agency reported on Wednesday, a sweeping response to Western sanctions imposed over its support for rebels in Ukraine. Russia publishes list of banned EU and US foods in sanctions response EU proposes Gaza reconstruction for Hamas disarmament IDF orders West Bank village land seized for settler road 40 Yazidi children killed in Islamic State attack Russian Hackers Stole 1.2 Billion Passwords Fukushima reactor 3 meltdown was worse than estimated Tepco Obama authorizes targeted airstrikes in Iraq against Islamic militants, along with airdrops. Man found wandering in northern Maine IDd as Rwandan gnocidaire whom Canada says helped kill 200 in hospital in 94 Ebola is declared an international health emergency. US launches Iraq militant air strike Hamas breaks ceasefire, fires rockets at Israel. ISIS 'We Will Raise The Flag Of Allah In The White House' Russia bans anonymous public WiFi. Argentina sues US at top UN court over debt Hamas If Gaza blockade isn't lifted, we'll renew fire Friday Archbishop Hamas Fired Out of Our Church in Gaza Australia's 'cruel' asylum regime must end, say 190 experts China Irritated With Christianity, is Creating its Own Version First Ebola case suspected in Greece UK government announces plan to cut funding to schools that teach creationism; children as young as 2 must learn 'British values' Ukraine considers stopping all transit from Russia, including gas as form of sanctions  PM Kiev's Independence Square Is on Fire  Again Know your place you shameless woman, Erdoan tells journalist for The Economist American Forces Said to Bomb ISIS Targets in Iraq Britain's Deputy Prime Minister calls for 'Ending imprisonment for the possession of drugs for personal use' Iraqi Airstrikes kill 130 IS Militants in Mosul 14yearold girl reunited with her family after being swept away by tsunami 10 years ago Kurdish Pershmaga transport large amount of Yazidi refugees to safe areas of Kurdistan Israeli minister urges Germany and EU to send inspectors to Gaza Ebola scare reaches Delhi, India  3 under watch in Dwarka RAF planes to drop food aid in Iraq French MPs propose forcing supermarkets to hand over all unsold food to charity China Will Install More Solar This Year Than The U.S. Ever Has Isis persecution of Iraqi Christians has become genocide, says religious leaders The Islamic flag that was raised at a council estate in London has now been taken down by a Catholic nun and Muslims from the local area 'There is no place for hate in Tower Hamlets' 'If demands not met by Sunday, we will attack Tel Aviv,' says Hamas Turkish warplanes set to join US, bomb ISIS in Northern Iraq Government computers used to alter Wikipedia entries on high profile killings Nick Clegg (British Deputy Prime Minister) Calls for ending imprisonment for the possession of drugs for personal use A suspected case of Ebola has made it to Toronto Four new Ebola cases in Nigeria, all related to American who brought virus there Kurdish ground forces had opened a pathway off of Mt. Sinjar and helped some 10,000 people trapped there to safety US warns Russia against Ukraine invasion US official says any Russian intervention under the guise of providing humanitarian aid will be viewed as invasion. U.S. launches second round of air strikes against IS targets in Iraq. Ottawa refuses to let injured Gaza children into Canada for treatment Iraq supplies Kurds with ammunition in unprecedented move, U.S. says Islamic State persecution of Yazidi minority amounts to genocide, UN says ( video) Russia and China agree on currency swaps so that international trade between the two countries can be carried out without the dollar New Ukrainian rebel leader gives Moscow distance The Russian commanders are fleeing like rats, said Andrei, a 27yearold rebel in Donetsk. We had hoped for help from Moscow, we had expected Russian troops, but Russia betrayed us. U.S. jet fighters, drones strike ISIS fighters, convoys in Iraq Russia to 'restrict' USrun GPS satellites Ghana May Now Have Recorded Her First Case of Ebola Israel Destroyed 60 Gaza Mosques Ministry Palestinians death toll rises to at least 1,898 Iraq Muslim Jihadis Vow to Take Revenge on US Infidels for Isis Bombing Campaign Venice large ships and cruises have finally been banned from entering the canals. NSA Tried To Delete Court Transcript In Lawsuit Over Deleting Evidence Iraqi Militants Execute 500 Some Buried Alive Poland asks US to import apples banned by Russia Iraqi Kurdish president asks world for weapons to fight Islamic State, We are not fighting a terrorist organisation, we are fighting a terrorist state Ebola Patient Zero Was A Toddler Pope Francis ISIS Brutality In Iraq 'Offends God And Deeply Offends Humanity' Sunni And Shiite British Imams Denounce ISIS Together Estonia's president accuses Switzerland of acting in its own self interest by not imposing sanctions against Russia and gaining an advantage for its banking sector Hamas Riddles Former Spokesman With Bullet Holes, Dumps Body at Hospital, Then Blames Israel for Death Wave of antiIsrael protests sweeps countries worldwide Officials U.S. airstrikes pound ISIS militants firing at Iraq's Yazidis Ebola Attacks Kakata, a major trading center in Liberia; 11 hospital workers infected, 4 dead. U.S. urges India to step up as regional power Russia push into Ukraine 'unacceptable' Germany Barack Obama pledges longterm campaign to fight Iraq's spreading jihadist crisis Palestinians accept new 72hour ceasefire offer Kurdish Forces Begin Counterattacks Against ISIS Fighters Kurdish officials said they had retaken the town of Gwer and were on the verge of seizing Mahkmour, where American military planes first struck the positions of fighters from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, or ISIS, on Friday. Ebola test negative for Brampton, Ont., man hospitalized after Nigeria trip Iraq War Created Isis, Concedes David Miliband Fighters abandoning alQaeda affiliates to join Islamic State, U.S. officials say Turks vote in 1st direct presidential election Turks were voting in their first direct presidential election Sunday, a watershed event in the 91year history of a country where the president was previously elected by Parliament. Ukraine says no ceasefire until separatists surrender, rebels defiant Jordan accused of barring entry to Palestinians fleeing Syria Leaked Files German Spy Company Helped Bahrain Hack Arab Spring Protesters  The Intercept Man suspected of selling Michael Schumacher's medical files to press found hanged in cell At least half of the 40,000 people besieged by jihadists on a mountaintop in northern Iraq have escaped in the past 24 hours, aided by Kurdish rebels who crossed from Syria to rescue them. The U.S. military has systematically covered up or disregarded abundant and compelling evidence of war crimes, torture, and unlawful killings in Afghanistan as recently as last year, according to a report by Amnesty International Ukrainian government forces are preparing for the final stage of recapturing the city of Donetsk from proRussian separatist rebels. North Korea plans report on human rights North Korea, unhappy with a damning, indepth United Nations sponsored study of human rights conditions in the country, is planning its own assessment. Ambulance service in New Zealand fails to respond to critically ill patient for 1 hour and 10 minutes  despite being 5 minutes away from Auckland Hospital. The patient works for one of New Zealand's largest news agencies. Kurdish forces retake 2 towns from ISIS in northern Iraq NATO sees 'high probability' of Russian invasion as Ukraine troops close on Donetsk Iraq crisis US to arm Kurds  live updates Ban Kimoon secretly worked with Israel to undermine UN report into Gaza war crimes, says WikiLeaks Australian MP listed as secret KGB informant in Russian archives An artillery shell landed in a highsecurity prison in the city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, sparking a riot in which 106 inmates escaped, local officials say. Nuclear reactors closed after faults found at north England power plants  Defects found in boiler units by inspectors lead to 4 reactors being taken offline, 2 at Heysham 1 & 2 at Hartlepool North Korea launch surfing tours on east coast Head of Human Rights Watch denied entry after landing in Cairo ahead of release of report on mass killing of protesters. 20,000 Iraqis besieged by Isis escape from mountain after US air strikes Hillary Clinton blasts 'unfair' world reaction over Gaza, cites antiSemitism as factor Police want right to see medical records without consent Report Hamas Executes Dozens of 'Terror Tunnel' Diggers Fracking campaigners criticise 'censored' report on house prices. Government urged to publish sections cut from study into impact of shale gas wells on local communities Desperate Christians in Iraq beg UK and US to send in troops Ukraine says Russia has massed 45,000 troops on joint border | Reuters Israel Finds Silent Backing Among Arab Nations Hostile to Hamas The U.S. failed to properly investigate civilian killings, including possible war crimes, which occurred during its military operations in Afghanistan, the international rights group Amnesty International said Monday. NATO said it would review the report. Erdogan wins Turkey's presidential election Unofficial results show PM won Turkey's first directly elected poll with 52 percent as his main rival concedes victory. US Bombs ISIS Again Norway joins the sanctions against Russia Rob Ford says threatening email has given him 12 hours to resign or City Hall will be blown up Icelandic Girls Can't be Called Harriet, Govt Tells Family Authorities reluctant to renew passport of Harriet, 10, as name is not on approved list of 3,565 'Miracleirth of world's first healthy panda triplets in China  Telegraph A Spanish missionary who contracted the Ebola virus while working in West Africa has died in hospital in Madrid. Swedish dad takes gamer kids to warzone Madagascars National Assembly has quietly adopted a cybercrime law that provides for prison sentences for anyone insulting or defaming a state representative online ISIS was too brutal for Osama bin Laden, letter reveals U.S. oil giant ExxonMobil began drilling in Russias Arctic on Saturday, despite Western sanctions imposed on its Russian partner Rosneft, and was hailed by Russias president as an model of cooperation. 280 humanitarian aid trucks have left Russia for wartorn eastern Ukraine. Russian aid convoy 'will not be admitted into Ukraine' Israel allows Jews to immigrate with samesex spouses RAF fighter jets head for Iraq as Islamic State warns world 'has seen nothing yet' China to start direct sales of fruit and vegetables to Russia IsraelGaza conflict Petition to send Royal Navy hospital ship to Gaza reaches 50,000 India to add 10,000 MW of wind energy every year. To date, more than 170 health care workers have been infected with ebola Ebola Nigeria now has 10 confirmed cases, 177 under surveillance A U.S.designated terrorist group is saving Yazidis and battling the Islamic State Chinese city invests 5 million yuan ($813,000) building bridges for migrating macaque monkeys threatened by a reservoir Israel To Allow Gay Jews To Immigrate With NonJewish SameSex Spouses U.N. Names Panel to Investigate War Crimes in Gaza; Israel Slams It Israeli Finance Minister Yair Lapid calls on the international community to create a massive aid package for Gaza conditioned on the Palestinian Authority returning to power. Adds that if Hamas were removed, the blockade would end. Israel says no white phosphorous fired in Gaza this time Google Is Backing a New $300 Million HighSpeed Internet TransPacific Cable System between the US and Japan South Koreas firstand onlyastronaut just quit her job, ending the countrys manned space program NSA was responsible for 2012 Syrian internet blackout, Snowden says Iranian is first woman to nab highest prize in maths The Int'l Mathematical Union has revealed the winners of the 2014 Fields medals, considered the highest honour in mathematics. The 4 young medallists  including Maryam Mirzakhani, the first female winner since the prizes were established in 1936 ISIS brutally subdues rebellion in Syria, beheading and crucifying tribesmen who resisted their rule Australia open to sending troops to Iraq to prevent genocide by Islamic State, Protecting people from murder at the hands of ISIL terrorists is a humanitarian cause ...and Australia has a long and proud tradition of assisting people in need Brazil presidential candidate Campos in plane crash source Leader of the Conservative People's Party in Denmark 'I'm gay, so what?' Thoriumbased 300 MW nuclear power plant in India to be commissioned in 2015 Egypt's top religious authority condemns ISIS describing it as a corrupt, extremist organisation that is damaging Islam Russia accepts Ukrainian stipulations to hand over convoy of aid trucks to Red Cross before they enter country Canadians spend more on taxes than on food, clothes and housing, study finds Islamic State Supporters Hand Out Leaflets in Central London Promising 'Dawn of a New Era' Archaeologists uncover Greece's biggest ancient tomb  The official said the Amphipolis site, about 65 miles northeast of Greece's secondbiggest city, Thessaloniki, appeared to be the largest ancient tomb to have been discovered in Greece. 280truck Russian aid convoy set to reach Ukraine border within hours Israel furious as UN unveils Gaza probe team Australias Treasurer Joe Hockey claims fuel tax increase wont affect poor people because they dont have cars A landslide in eastern Switzerland has derailed a train in a serious accident, police say, amid reports that carriages have plunged into a ravine. China arrests North Korean defectors near Laos border, the group which includes women and children will be deported back to North Korea UN report finds Gaza construction funding incorrectly handled by nonstaff UN personnel 'US is sending 130 more military advisors to northern Iraq to help Kurds fight militants' Hundreds of PKK Kurdish fighters poured into Iraq on Friday turning the tides against ISIS Islamic State seizes towns near Turkish border  a significant expansion. AP video journalist, translator killed in Gaza UK to suspend military exports to Israel, if fighting in Gaza resumes French town is resistant to changing their name from 'LamortauxJuifs' which means 'Death to Jews' A group of North Korean defectors held by China on the Laos border is released to South Korea rather than repatriated in sign of a Chinese policy change A Russian convoy carrying humanitarian aid has turned away from its route towards a confrontation with government officials at the Ukrainian border  and is now heading straight for rebelheld areas. Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Passengers Bank Accounts Being Accessed Unknowingly, Money Goes Missing Report 4 Billion Gallons of Mining Waste Pour Into Pristine B.C. Waterways Coal generation down as Germany breaks yet another renewables record. Green electricity meets 28 per cent of demand in first half of 2014 Two hours before ceasefire set to end, and with parties still working in Cairo to extend lull, Gaza militants break truce, fire rockets at Israel. Pesticide Ban Call to Save Bees  'Scottish Wildlife Trust' reports 60% decline in bumblebees. Hoverflies & butterflies also at threat. Govt says it's committed to taking a precautionary approach on the use of neonicotinoids. US ground troops land on Iraq's Mt Sinjar to evacuate trapped Yazidis The Australian government's chief business adviser says too much time has been spent focusing on global warming and as a result Australians are ill prepared to deal with the prospect of global cooling. He also states that global warming only persists because science has been made a religion. Polish Defense Minister Tomasz Siemoniak welcomes family of US soldier who died shielding a Pole from suicide bomber in Afghanistan. Father of US soldier I feel that he is not only a Polish soldier, but my brother and part of our family. German public debt falls for first time in postwar era Israeli official confirms US nixed arms sale to Israel Ukraine rebel head Strelkov 'quits' ISIS Shifts Tactics As US Bombings Begin, 'Blend Into' Population Israeli Finance Minister Yair Lapid in apparent shot at Netanyahu Crisis in USIsrael relations is a very concerning trend... Sometimes, you just have to know how to say thank you. ProISIS leaflets handed out on Oxford Street (London) Seoul N. Korea fires projectiles as pope visits Restrictions on gay men donating blood outdated, says Tory MP SAS sent in to Iraq as US troops land on Mount Sinjar UPDATE 1One child killed and two wounded in Sinai rocket attack Hello Kitty, Japan's ambassador of cute, is on a governmentfunded mission to space The project to launch Sanrio Co Ltd's white cat with a pink bow into orbit is part of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to promote Japan's hightech industry and engineer economic growth. Nigeria fears Ebola spread to east by infected nurse who disobeyed medical instructions Putin says Russia Should Aim to Sell Energy in Roubles Norwegian Journalist Hamas Expels Reporters Over Critical Coverage Gaza conflict Israel and Hamas agree to extend ceasefire by five days It could be the most exotic material on the planet. Seven particles of dust brought back to Earth by a spacecraft nearly a decade ago appear to have come from beyond our solar system. The specks have all the hallmarks of being created in interstellar space. Malaysian police have arrested a bank officer and her husband over allegations they stole more than $30,000 from the accounts of four passengers aboard missing flight MH370 Two female Italian aid workers who ignored their parents' pleas and snuck into Syria have been kidnapped by Islamist militants Hezbollah describes Islamic State as a growing monster that could threaten Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and other Gulf states. Ebola moving too fast, doctors say Russian military vehicles enter Ukraine as aid convoy stops short of border NATO confirm Russia 'incursion' in Ukraine Hamas spokesperson We deported foreign journalists for filming missile launches Russia bans Ukrainian language from schools in Crimea World's Rarest Dolphins Under Threat from Oil Exploration in New Zealand Sanctuary  The govt has to listen to the international scientific experts & give this species a shot at survival. Govt accused of threatening survival of Mauis dolphins, but it disagrees. Hong Kong legal body votes to oust its proBeijing president Finland's President Niinisto to Putin Sanctions bite both, let's discuss Ukraine Second group of Amazonian Indians makes contact with outside world China rights lawyer malnourished after prison; can no longer speak intelligibly Vatican Approves US Airstrikes in Iraq Serbian mercenaries fighting in eastern Ukraine | Serbian fighters fight side by side with proRussian separatists in eastern Ukraine. According to Belgrade, they're not the only ones active in Ukraine, either. Rosneft asks Putin for $42bn loan Russia amending list of banned EU products  Lactosefree milk products and specialty foods for foodallergy sufferers are being taken off the list of forbidden agricultural imports from EU countries into Russia. Israel Braces for War Crimes Inquiries on Gaza Russian aid convoy checked; military vehicles mass near Ukraine Venezuela wants to offload Citgo, its American refinery and pipelines unit. It may be worth up to $15 billion, but the country will sell it for less because Maduros administration is running out of cash. Poland puts on biggest military parade in years as tensions rise next door in Ukraine Pastafarian B.C. man is fighting the system for not allowing him to wear his religious headgear (colander) for his licence. Crackdown on Fish Poaching in Wales Nets 139 Arrests in 1st 4 Months  Biggest concern is foul hooking, which involves dragging hooks through water at high speed trying to impale fish, as it leaves more fish damaged & dying than are brought to shore Ukrainians in Czech Republic called up to serve in war In Australia, Businesses are Getting Hit with a $500 Fee Designed to Kill Solar Power  The fee makes it so businesses in Queensland have no monetary incentive to lower their electricity consumption by installing solar panels, industry players say. In the biggest speech of the year, and his first major address, Indian prime minister Narendra Modi chose to speak at length about the scourge of rape and violence against women, breaking a long silence on the matter and raising the issue to major prominence Brazil's Air Force says the black box recovered from the wreckage of the plane crash that killed a presidential candidate does not contain a recording of the flight. Germany Reaches New Levels of Greendom, Gets 31 Percent of Its Electricity From Renewables  As of 2011, one German village already began producing at least 300 percent more energy than it needs First African military aircraft takes to the skies, making aviation history Mexico Acid Leak Leaves Orange River, Toxic Water  20,000 people left without water since a massive sulfuric acid leak last week at copper mine, one of largest in the world. 'ISIS want to impregnate Yazidi women and smash our blond bloodline' Fears are growing for the 300 Yazidi women reportedly kidnapped by Islamic State fighters last week amid claims they would be used to bear children to break up the ancient sect's bloodline. Iranian president tweets bareheaded photo of Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman to win the Fields medal, seen as the Nobel prize for mathematics Nigeria fires 16,000 doctors in midst of rising Ebola concerns Two players die at world chess championship in Norway Islamic State bans Philosophy, Chemistry from Syria Schools German Federal Intelligence Service taps Hillary Clinton's phone call Iraq Sunni tribes take up arms against jihadists Illegal immigrants discovered in shipping container, one dead A total of 35 people, including seven children were found severely dehydrated and hypothermic inside a container on docks near to London. Rebel leader in Ukraine says forces bolstered by '1,200 troops trained in Russia' Merkel tells Putin to stop sending arms to Ukraine Yazidi villagers 'massacred' in Iraq Iraq conflict Canada to fly weapons to Kurdish forces battling ISIS Ebola's spread to US is 'inevitable' says health chief  Telegraph North Korea rumored to have bought land in Zimbabwe Russia to build atomic power station in Jordan Victims of HAMAS Suicide Bombings Sue Jordanian Bank In New York For Funding Terrorism Boko Haram abducts nearly 100 boys and men during village raid American couple arrested in grisly Bali murder could face death by firing squad Hamas considers truce, EU offers to police borders 39 Endangered African Vultures Killed by Poison  Now more endangered than rhinos. The scavengers are hated by poachers since they alert rangers to their presence. Poachers lace kills with poisons so birds die before they can take to skies again. Sweden celebrates 200 years of peace USbacked Kurds retake Mosul dam from ISIS. Ebola patients flee from Liberian isolation centre Unprecedented  the United Nations has declared four of the world's humanitarian crises Level 3, the UN's highest designation  Iraq, South Sudan, Syria, and the Central African Republic. Islamic State militants could grow strong enough to target people on the streets of Britain unless action is taken, David Cameron has warned. Ukraine recognizes Russian cargo as humanitarian aid for warweary civilians in the eastern part of the country Scotland Independence Yes vote advancing despite currency fears US No Confirmation on Reports Russian Military Entered Ukraine  The White House says it cannot confirm reports that Ukrainian troops destroyed a Russian military convoy that had allegedly crossed into eastern Ukraine. Hamas Israel Will Face a Long War If Palestinian Demands Not Met Ukrainian fighter jet shot down One of Iceland's biggest and most dangerous volcanoes, Brarbunga, could be waking up from a long sleep. Islamic State Commander Says Turkey Instrumental in Success Senior official Israel has lifted ban on Gaza fishing zone, allowed fisherman to go out 3 miles from shore Islamic State executes 700 members of Syrian tribe, mostly civilians  report  RT News The Islamic State group has executed 700 members of a tribe it has been battling in eastern Syria during the past two weeks, the majority of them civilians. The killing spree happened in several villages of Sheitat in Deir Ezzor province, where the alSheitat tribe are from. Israeli court allows protesters to picket PalestinianJewish wedding Ukraine Plays Down Significance of Destruction of Russian Military Convoy Human Rights Watch Egypt likely committed crimes against humanity in 2013 protest dispersal that killed 1,150 in one day Rhinos airlifted to safety South Africa to evacuate up to 500 animals from poaching hotspot including endangered black rhino Scottish independence Australian PM Tony Abbott's comments 'offensive' Tony Abbott brands almost half of the Scottish population as 'Enemies Of Freedom' Propeace rally held in Tel Aviv amid Gaza truce talks Africa's Population Could Hit 4 Billion By 2100, Says UNICEF Greenland Glaciers Collapsing much Faster than Thought Residents of Beijing can use one of the citys 34 newly installed recycling machines to trade empty bottles for phone card rebates or free public transit passes. Israel bars Amnesty, Human Rights Watch workers from Gaza Canadian Doctors decline request from Health Canada to back AntiMarijuana campaign. Sweet victory for Mexico beekeepers as Monsanto loses GM permit Saudi prince robbed in Paris after motorcade held at gunpoint Six LGBT persons have been stoned to death in rural Uganda  They were killed by stoning. One who survived (still breathing after stoning) was burnt alive using kerosene/paraffin and a match box For 15 years, over $77 million in counterfeit $100 bills have flooded into the US from Israel. Julian Assange 'to leave Ecuadorian embassy' and could surrender to police Australian authorities are failing to protect Great Barrier Reef because of Australian PM Tony Abbott's approval of the dumping of dredge soil Ecigarettes set to be banned in India soon Israel may be accused of war crimes by UN council Gaza's ruling Hamas placed dozens of activists from the rival Fatah movement under house arrest during the Gaza war and shot several in the legs for not staying indoors Plans for one of Australias largest solar power stations scrapped  Decision to suspend Mildura solar power station comes amid speculation renewable energy target may be scrapped British Muslim wants to renounce citizenship and move to the Islamic State Inequality grows as pay gap for bosses and workers is higher than ever Ukraine's flag raised over Luhansk Russian sanctions create surplus of European produce | Russian sanctions have left farmers in Europe high and dry. If they put their produce on EU markets, prices would likely crash. So what is to become of this year's harvest? Biggest oil discovery in 30 years found off Western Australia coast Liberia confirms West Point patients missing Following earlier denials, Liberia has admitted that 17 suspected Ebola patients are missing after a health centre in the capital was looted. The gov't had sought to reassure people, saying all the patients had been moved to another health facility. U.S. firm helped the spyware industry build a potent digital weapon for sale overseas Australian Teenage supporter of Islamic State arrested for hate crime. Israel's Shin Bet security service said Monday it had thwarted a Hamas coup attempt in the West Bank aimed at toppling Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas Torture And Rendition Diplomats 'Trying To Censor' US Senate Report On British Role In CIA Activities A powerful volcano, Brarbunga, might erupt in the Highlands of Iceland. The Icelandic Met Office has upgraded its aviation alert status to orange, meaning that a volcano shows heightened or escalating unrest with increased potential of eruption. Hamas in West Bank 'planned to topple Palestinian Authority' Two sisters who kidnapped 13 young children and forced them to work as pickpockets before murdering them are to become the first women to be executed in India. Russia Wants Bulgarians to Stop Vandalizing Soviet Monuments To Look Like American Superheroes 100,000 elephants killed in Africa between 2010 and 2012, study finds Saudi Arabia's Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdulaziz Al alSheikh, the highest religious authority in the country, said on Tuesday the militant groups Islamic State and alQaida were enemy number one of Islam and not in any way part of the faith. Israel 'Rockets From Gaza Break Ceasefire' Pope I have only two or three years left to live North Korea Moves Tanks, Armored Vehicles to Chinese Border Air France cabin crew are so concerned about the threat of the Ebola epidemic that unions have started a petition calling for flights to be stopped to those West African countries most affected by the disease. Egypt calls for restraint in Ferguson Three rockets explode in Israel, hours before truce to expire  Diplomacy and Defense ISIS to America We Will Drown All of You In Blood for airstrikes. Hezbollah kills local Islamic State leader in Qalamoun, near the LebanonSyria border Yazidis haunted by cries for help as militants bury victims alive Liberian army told to 'shoot on sight' anyone crossing border as search for Ebola patients continues Liberia all 17 runaway Ebola patients found No longer pinned down by U.S. air cover, Taliban fighters are attacking Afghan military posts in larger numbers with the aim of taking and holding ground  a shift from the hitandrun strikes with posses of gunmen, explosives and suicide bombers An American Tribe Wants a German Museum to Return Native American Scalps  The German Museums Association says that scalps are not subject to the same ethical guidelines that govern other human remains Five weeks out from an election, New Zealand is hit by a Watergate scandal implicating the Prime Minister. Montreal firefighters trash city hall over pension dispute, police watch from sidelines Australian Politician Clive Palmer releases Tirade, referring to the Chinese as Mongrels and Bastards. China responds by labelling the verbal attack as Absurd and irresponsible. Possible tensions for Trade Agreement between the countries that was set to be tabled by the end of the year. US should mind its own problems, not meddle in others affairs  Russian FM Europe 'shot itself in foot' with Russia sanctions Hungary PM Hazelnut prices soar, fuelling fears of Nutella shortage Nigerian woman suspected of Ebola dies in UAE on way to India China liquor reported spiked with Viagra US Journalist, James Foley, beheaded by ISIS Warning to America. Maya Cities Found in Yucatan2 massive cities hidden by dense vegetation. In the jungle you can be 600 ft from a large site & not suspect it. Both feature plazas surrounded by palacelike buildings & pyramids, one 65 ft high, & ball courts. Stele with date 'November 29, AD 711' found. Isis fighter who beheaded US journalist appears to be British, Hammond says The Islamic State Executes Female Dentist for Treating Men Iran to produce 400,000 electric motorcycles to help reduce air pollution. Once the plan is implemented, only electric motorcycles will be allowed on the streets of central Tehran. German development minister Gerd Mueller accuses Qatar of financing ISIS Chinese coal consumption just fell for first time this century The computers of highranking officials in agencies involved in the MH370 investigation were hacked and classified information was stolen. Sierra Leone's 365 Ebola deaths traced back to one healer North Korea says US Secretary of State John Kerry is a wild dog with a 'hideous lantern jaw' Sea plankton discovered outside space station Muhammad is now the most popular babies name in England and Wales, when its three main spelling variations are counted. Earth sliding into ecological debt earlier and earlier, campaigners warn. World has already exhausted a years supply of natural resources in less than eight months, Global Footprint Network says Qatar threatened Hamas leader Khaled Mashal that it would expel him if Hamas accepts the Egyptian ceasefire truce deal ISIS Threatens the life of another U.S Journalist, Steven Sotloff, after alleged beheading of James Foley Israel Reports HAMAS Military Chief Killed In Airstrike Changes to Australian Security Laws Will Make Illegally Obtained Evidence Permisable in Court 200YearOld Alcohol Found in Shipwreck Is Still Drinkable Reporting from Gaza Criticism of Hamas slowly growing among population Activists paint Moscow's 'Stalin Tower' with Ukraine colours Curiosity rover in danger as wheels get punctured and badly damaged due to harsh terrain 'He deserves to die like bin Laden' Israel defends air strike that killed Hamas leader's wife and baby son as militant group warns 'You've opened the gates of hell' #ISISMediaBlackout goes viral following purported execution of James Foley. Hamas claims responsibility for the rocket strike on central Israel. They claim they used a Fajr5 rocket. Saudi Arabia executes four for hashish possession ISIS Spokesman Who Promised To 'Raise The Flag Of Allah In The White House' Is Killed Canadian government orders scientist not to disclose extent of polar melting U.S. military announces 14 airstrikes in Iraq following James Foley execution British RightWing party (UKIP) calls to strip Islamic State militants of their British citizenship North Korean Internet users download American Porn, Violent video games and British TV show Top Gear Suicide Tourism Terminally ill Britons now make up a nearly one quarter of users of suicide clinics in Switzerland. Only Germany has a higher numbers of suicide tourists visiting institutions to end their own lives A 111yearold Japanese national has been certified as the world's oldest man. With this, Japan now boasts of having the world's oldest man and woman Confirmed Microbial life found half mile below Antarctic ice sheet Earth's atmosphere contains an unexpectedly large amount of an ozonedepleting compound from an unknown source decades after the compound was banned worldwide A 70yearold Australian grandfather has become the oldest person to swim the English Channel, celebrating his feat by having a couple of beers for medicinal purposes Gaza rocket fire hits new heights 168 launched in one day In first, Hamas official takes credit for kidnap and murder of Israeli teens Obama addresses James Foleys beheading by ISIS No just God would stand for what they did James Foley death sparks manhunt to find British jihadist Israel kills three top Hamas commanders Shortly after Ugandas controversial AntiHomosexuality Act was struck down by the courts on a technicality, a similar proposed bill in neighboring Kenya seeking harsh punishments for homosexuals was found unconstitutional Ivory poachers killing elephants faster than they are being born, a new study says Growing fears that Iceland's Bardarbunga volcano could be about to erupt, with around 1,000 earthquakes in the past 24 hours Three more Tibetans have died of untreated gunshot wounds after Chinese authorities fired on peaceful protesters last week in Sichuan Province and refused to treat the dozens who were injured and detained Ecuador president confirms that the country has granted asylum to Julian Assange Three top Hamas commanders killed in Israeli strike Police warn sharing James Foley killing video is a crime under Britain's antiterror laws. Even viewing the video may be a criminal offense. Hundreds Rally in Ireland After Rape Victim Says Denied Abortion IsraelGaza conflict AntiSemitic incidents 'up 500%' in UK since start of bombardment of Gaza James Foley captors first asked for $135 million ransom The president of Indonesia, the worlds most populous Muslimmajority country, deemed the actions of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria group embarrassing to the religion and called upon Muslim leaders to unite in tackling extremism Orangutan experts plead for Australian food manufacturers to reject palm oil  Apes, elephants, rhinos & tigers at dire risk if unsustainable palm oil plantations allowed in Sumatran reserve Saudi Arabia has beheaded 19 people this month, including one for sorcery Mexico says 22,322 people now 'disappeared' The Syrian Army killed at least 70 Islamic State terroristis in Syria in the last 48 hours. Muslims in Norway mobilize against extremists Hamas Kills 11 Suspected Informers for Israel Israeli boy, 4, killed by Gaza mortar in south; Rocket sirens wail in Tel Aviv Hamas admits kidnapping and killing of three Israeli teens in the West Bank Top U.S. military brass warns ISIS has apocalyptic, endofdays plan that cant be stopped without attacks in Syria Hezbollah condemns beheading of American photojournalist James Foley, describing the killing as a savage crime executed by terrorist groups Chinese Jet Threatened U.S. Intelligence Aircraft The defense officials said the Chinese Su27 interceptor jet flew within 50 feet of the P8 and then carried out a barrel roll over the top of the aircrafta move described by officials as dangerous and meant to threaten the surveillance aircraft Ukraine president pledges to 'talk peace' with Putin. The whole world is tired of the war. Pentagon Isis is eyond anything we've seen' and must be contained Man Cured Of Ebola With Experimental Drug 'Today Is A Miraculous Day' Russia shuts down McDonald's branches in Moscow amid Ukraine row Father hurt saving kindergarten kids from Gaza rocket Iraqi Christians welcomed in France Iraqi Christians reach France after fleeing Islamists Seals carried tuberculosis across the Atlantic, gave it to humans. Disease was present in the Americas prior to European contact. Russia to move Ukraine aid convoy Shi'ite militias open fire in Iraqi mosque, killing 30 Sunnis Mass surveillance of online communications allows Indian state to arrest people preemptively for piracy intent Russian aid trucks cross border into Ukraine, without Kyiv's approval Frustrated by a week of delays, Russia sent dozens of aid trucks into rebelheld eastern Ukraine on Friday without Kyiv's approval, saying its patience had worn out with the Ukrainian government's stalling tactics NSA and GCHQ agents 'leak Tor bugs'  The Tor Project says it believes some NSA and GCHQ agents are surreptitiously leaking it information to protect anonymity on the net The British jihadi who decapitated the U.S. journalist is thought to be an educated Londoner named John. Ebola death toll rises to 1,427, with 142 new cases and 77 deaths over the last two days. UK Man jailed for 33 months for pirating Fast & Furious Small volcanic eruption has started in Iceland. London rapper turned jihadist believed to be under investigation for murder of American journalist in Syria India's Mars orbiter to reach red planet in 33 days Isro Lithuania envoy killed in Ukraine  Lithuania says its honorary consul in the rebelheld city of Luhansk in eastern Ukraine has been murdered by terrorists there ISIS etraying' Muslims, says Calgary imam before hunger strike Russian Artillery Units Are Firing at Ukrainian Soldiers, NATO Says Mapped 568 earthquakes in Iceland in a single day 22 August, 2014. Scottish independence 1m voters sign declaration in favour of yes vote Last Ebolafree region of Liberia falls to virus as the World Health Organization warned the fight against the worstever outbreak of the killer disease would take months White House Says Foley Beheading a Terrorist Attack Against U.S. Swedish Nationalists Rise as Influx of Syrian Refugees Grows The Sweden Democrats, a nationalist party that targets deep cuts to immigration, is poised to double its support in elections next month as Swedes prepare for a change of government. New law in Sierra Leone makes hiding Ebola patients illegal U.S. urges Russia to withdraw convoy from Ukraine Perus Alarming Environmental Regression  New laws cozy to big mining & give police impunity quelling ecoprotests. Strips Environment Ministry of rule over air, soil & water quality, ends power to create reserves exempt from mining & oil. In Dec, Peru to host 'UN Climate Change Conference'. A fever of unidentified origin has killed 13 people in the northwestern Democratic Republic of Congo since August 11, the health minister said. 15 Islamic State terrorists were killed overnight in another failed attempt to take over a Syrian Airbase. More than 150 jihadists were wounded in the assault. Belgium Burka Ban Diplomat Rips off Qatari Princess' Niqab  Yahoo News UK President Barack Obamas effort to have Arabs play the lead role in combating the Islamic State terrorist group suffered a setback yesterday when Sunni lawmakers quit talks on forming a new Iraqi government after Shiite gunmen killed scores of worshipers at a Sunni mosque Ebola outbreak Number of deaths are massively underestimated, warns WHO Deputy nat'l security advisor says the US will not be restricted by borders in combating ISIS. Ebola crisis Speed and extent of outbreak 'unprecedented' India makes 'likinglasphemous content illegal [in Karnataka state] India, Pakistan trade gunfire in Kashmir; 4 dead IS threatens to destroy world's largest buddhist temple. Indonesia  the world's largest Muslim country  pledges to protect the temple. The president of Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslimmajority country, has called the ISIS militants embarrassing to the religion and urged Islamic leaders to unite in tackling extremism. Report British intelligence has identified Foley's killer  AbdelMajed Abdel Bary Iran 'shoots down Israeli drone' Indian Army rushes more troops to the border as Pakistan intensifies crossborder shelling US Gives Intelligence To Assad For Targetting ISIS Commanders German kidnapped in Syria by ISIS militants has been released after a substantial consideration Five rockets fired from Syria hit Israel Unidentified jets attack targets in Tripoli 'Thanks, Putin!' Finland flooded with cutprice 'Putin cheese' as Russia turns away European exports Rocket fired from Lebanon at northern Israel Separatists put Ukrainian captives on show in Donetsk Isis surges towards the borders of Turkey Italy finds 19 boat migrants dead, saves over 3,500 since Friday navy Briton infected with Ebola in Sierra Leone is being evacuated to the UK, the African country's health ministry says Fleeing Iraqi Christians reveal horror of Islamic State Iranian Kurds Joining Fight Against IS Rice Bucket Challenge to help the poor in India Three wounded by mortar attack on Erez border crossing between Israel and Gaza Ten injured at Malm antiNazi demonstration A planned manifestation against the neoNazi Party of the Swedes spiralled out of control on Saturday in Malm as police and protesters clashed leading to several injuries. Iceland's Bardarbunga Volcano Update Eruption in Progress, Airspace Over Volcano Closed China shuts down the Beijing Independent Film Festival, seizing documents and films from organizers' office and hauling away two event officials Hundreds of Iranian troops crossed border to join battle against Islamic State group, sources tell Al Jazeera. PA slams Hamas executions of alleged collaborators WHO Announces First Ebola Infection Among Staff  Reports Australia Conservationists making last ditch plea to fed. govt to help prevent endangered black cockatoos from becoming extinct due to the felling of their pine forest  Perth people love their birds & this is an iconic species. We need the state & federal govt to take urgent action over this. SAS, Delta Force, and Seal Team 6 forming hunter killer unit to 'smash Islamic State' More than 720 whales have been harpooned in Norway in the most deadly hunting season since the Government began defying an international ban in 1993. 30 Metre Wide Sinkhole Appears in Durham, England  So deep its bottom can't be seen. Gaping void discovered by woman walking dog, still growing in size. The sound was phenomenal. We could hear rumbling & smashing & crashing from down below. Congo declares Ebola outbreak Indias Untouchables Still Being Forced to Collect Human Waste by Hand  Practice of forcing lowcaste people in Indian communities to remove accumulated human waste from latrines is continuing despite legal prohibitions, according to new report. A column of Russian tanks and armored vehicles has crossed into southeastern Ukraine Mayor of London says Britons visiting Iraq or Syria should be presumed terrorists Assange scheduled to help Kim Dotcom drop ombshell' on NZ prime minister 5 days before the NZ elections. Iran Sends Tanks to Iraq to Fight ISIS Burger King in merger talks with Canada's Tim Hortons An American journalist kidnapped in Syria nearly two years ago has been freed and handed over to U.N. representatives after Qatari mediation helped lead to his release. ISIS captures major military base in Syria using a child suicide bomber 7.0 Earthquake in Tambo, Peru 70 percent of Israelis living near Gaza have left | i24news French PM presents government resignation 'Sex superbug' Concerns over spread of highly resistant gonorrhoea strain found in Australia US 'set to launch air strikes' on senior Isis leaders in Syria Tunnels as tall as the Eiffel Tower discovered under Antarctic ice 'Incredible' rate of polar ice loss alarms scientists 'Widespread methane leakage' from ocean floor off US coast 110 rockets fired at Israel since midnight as barrages continue Ukraine border guards clash with rebels near Russian border military Hamas fires 23 mortars at crossing used for humanitarian aid supplies. Jihad Made in Kosovo | Over the span of two days, 43 Islamic extremists were arrested in Kosovo. Dozens more are under watch, both at home and in the Middle East. As fears of terror attacks grow, Kosovo is clamping down A 22 yr old Australian Aboriginal woman who died in jail after twice seeking medical attention from authorities who deemed her healthy, was imprisoned over unpaid fines totalling just $1000 Russia admits its soldiers have been caught in Ukraine Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's approval rating hits 38%, down from 82% last month. Burger King Worldwide Inc. has agreed to acquire Tim Hortons Inc. for about $12.5 billion in a deal and move its headquarters to Canada. Malaysia Airlines flights are empty and the airline is burning $2Million per day U.S. and Iran Hit ISIS, Ignore Each Other Russian soldiers captured in east Ukraine crossed border by accident ISIS Militant Who Loved Taking Photos With Severed Heads Killed In Iraq Finland Says NATO an Option After Russia Violates Border Laws 'Ban Ecig use indoors,' says WHO As many as 112 Indian nationals suspected to have been exposed to the Ebola virus are expected to land in Mumbai from Liberia on seven different flights Tuesday. Putting the full blame for Palestinian situation on Hamas, Saudi foreign minister calls for Arab nations to strengthen ties with Israel US shocked at UAE air strikes in Libya NASAs New Horizons Spacecraft Crosses Neptune Orbit En Route to Historic Pluto Encounter The Islamic State may be raising more than $2 million a day in revenue from oil sales, extortion, taxes and smuggling, according to U.S. intelligence officials and antiterrorism finance experts. Turkey struggles as 'lone gatekeeper' against Islamic State recruitment The Islamic State is here to establish the law of God ... Turkey is not being ruled based on God's law but as a secular state. Pope Francis endorses use of force to stop unjust aggressor ISIS French Cabinet Is Dissolved, A Victim of Austerity Battles The collapse of the French government on Monday exposed widening divisions both within Frances leadership, and Europe more broadly, over austerity policies that many now fault for threatening to tip the eurozone back into recession. Islamic States Own Photos Used to Find One of Its Training Camps Charred U.S. dollars fluttering in street after Israeli missile blows up car with alleged Hamas money man inside ISIS Demands $6.6M Ransom for 26YearOld American Woman. China Is Building a National Operating System to Cut Out Microsoft and Google Pakistan suffers heavy casualties as Indian govt gives troops free hand to retaliate against ceasefire violations. ISIS developing 'sophisticated drones to launch attacks on Israel and US' UK embassy apologises for urning White House' tweet Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, to go ahead with $244 million program that introduces religious chaplains to state schools and keeps secular workers out. Terror suspects may lose Norwegian citizenship The government is considering withdrawing Norwegian citizenship from individuals taking part in terror activities and wars abroad. North Korea calls US a human rights graveyard over Ferguson. American Douglas McAuthur McCain Killed Fighting for ISIS in Syria Irreversible Damage Seen From Climate Change in UN Leak Great Barrier Reef Australian MP Says He Got it Wrong on Dredging Spoil  Admits he was wrong to support dumping of 5m tons of sediment into the Reef's marine park. Writes open letter, saying he's looking at options to dump dredging spoil on land. All schools in Nigeria have been ordered to remain shut until 13 October as part of measures to prevent the spread of the deadly Ebola virus. The new academic year was due to start on Monday. Rotherham sex abuse scandal 1,400 children exploited by Asian gangs while authorities turned a blind eye  Telegraph The Argentine government says it is revoking the operating license of a U.S. bank that has played a central role in the dispute that recently pushed the country into default Nato plans east European bases to counter Russian threat Astronomers First Evidence Of Water Clouds Discovered Outside Solar System London Metropolitan Police chief apologises for officer's unlawful use of CS spray on protesters  Sir Bernard HoganHowe admits officer used excessive force when he sprayed teargas into faces of UK Uncut protesters NATO Plans More Visible Presence in Eastern Europe It is safe to say that nobody had expected Russia to grab land by force. We also saw a remarkable change in the Russian military approach and capability since, for instance, the Georgian war in 2008. The U.S. Coast Guard fired at an Iranian fishing dhow in the Persian Gulf after the Iranian boat pointed a machine gun at the American crew, the Navy said on Tuesday. Egypt's Sisi says Qatar and Turkey are spending millions to spread chaos in Arab lands 16% of French Citizens Support ISIS, Poll Finds The Ukrainian military said on Wednesday that more Russian soldiers had crossed the border into eastern Ukraine, entering the small town of Amvrosiyivka in five armoured infantry carriers and a truck. Saudi Arabia busts cell of ISIS recruiters Iran to military intervene in Iraq with no restrictions if ISIS captures holy Shiite cities of Karbala and Najaf China Said to Consider $16 Billion Electric VehicleCharging Fund  Chinas central government last month set a target for electric cars to make up at least 30 percent of government vehicle purchases by 2016. Syrian rebels take over border crossing with Israel | i24news Advertising Standards Authority rules Peabodys clean coal ad misleading Ukraine's PM says Russia has plans to block gas flows to Europe Iranian General Threatens Surprise Attack on Israel; wants to air its grievances with Israel on the attlefield'  IMF Chief Christine Lagarde Under Investigation Over Fraud Charges NASA confirms that their rocket to Mars will have first launch in 2018 Russia has begun full scale invasion into Ukraine fighting now on two fronts. Russian state/military aircraft have violated Finnish airspace for the third time in a week today. Pablo Escobar's hitman released from prison after 22 years. Responsible for over 3k assasinations. NATO releases satellite imagery showing Russian combat forces inside Ukraine Putin's human rights adviser says Russia 'invading' Ukraine Lithuania calls for UN meeting over Russian invasion of Ukraine ISIS Says It's Burning Marijuana Fields in Syria Superstitious People Are Dismembering Albinos in Tanzania  In one case, 3 men armed with machetes hacked a 15yrold girl's right arm off. A witch doctor had told them they could get $600 for it. Others are being killed to harvest their skin, bones, & hair. The authorities in Brazil say they have dismantled a criminal organisation they believe was the biggest destroyer of the Amazon rainforest. India launches banking for the poor  expected to provide banking services for 90 million people by Jan 15 it is aimed to serve as channel directly to people thereby reducing corruption. Account holder gets to have zero balance without risk of closure and provides life and accident insurance Russian soldiers uried in secret' Merkel asks Putin to explain reports of Russian troops in Ukraine 47 UN peacekeepers 'abducted by alQaeda linked Syrian rebels', Fears for the safety of UN peacekeepers reported missing during fighting on the Golan Heights involving AlNusra Front, an alQaeda linked group Ukraine crisis T72 tank shoots hole in Russian denial Poll 89% of Gazans support rocket fire on Israel Hamas's political leader emerges after ceasefire to proclaim Jerusalem as the goal UN Security Council Meets on Ukraine Crisis MH370 satellite phone call revealed as Australia gives update on search Russia Says It Will Respond To NATO Troop Rotations In East Egyptian soldiers kill Palestinian exiting tunnel near Rafah U.N. calls emergency meeting on Ukraine crisis EU lawmakers are threatening to block a multibillion dollar trade pact between Canada and the European Union because it would allow firms to sue governments if they breach the treaty. A British nurse infected with Ebola may have caught the deadly virus after playing with a oneyearold boy whose mother had died in a treatment centre but who himself had initially tested negative for the disease, a medical colleague has said. ISIS Is Recruiting Child Soldiers, Committing War Crime, As It Gains Ground In Aleppo Ukraine to seek Nato membership U.S. says Russia has 'outright lied' about Ukraine Russian Army Wives Are Protesting For Russia To Come Clean About Where Soldiers Are Russians start asking are we at war? Ukraine Asserts Russian Invasion and Reinstitutes Draft Obama on Russian invasion Ukraine is not a member of NATO. But a number of those states that are close by are. And we take our Article Five commitments to defend each other very seriously. WildLeaks a whistleblower platform for poaching and wildlife crimes | Many witnesses of poaching or other wildlife crimes remain silent, fearing retribution. An anonymous whistlebower platform aims to change that. The WildLeaks project is turning information into action on the ground Malaysia Airlines lays off 6,000 jobs UK's terror threat level raised to 'severe' A volcanic eruption has started in Iceland's Brarbunga Renewable energy capacity grows at fastest ever pace Green technologies now produce 22% of world's electricity Finland Upgrades NATO Ties After Condemning Russian Tactics The idea that the United States or any outside power would perpetually defeat Isis, I think, is unrealistic, Obama said. Italy Steps Up Security Over Alleged ISIS Plot to Kill The Pope Putin likens Ukraine's forces to Nazis and threatens standoff in the Arctic Obama rules out US military action in Ukraine Gene studies of Ebola in Sierra Leone show virus is mutating fast MILF vows to stop spread of ISIS 'virus' in the Philippines More than 100 Russian soldiers were killed in eastern Ukraine in a battle this month while helping proRussian separatists fight Ukrainian troops, two members of the Russian presidential human rights council said on Thursday, citing accounts of eyewitness and relatives of the dead. U.K. Wants EU to Block Russia From SWIFT Banking Network Senegal confirms its 1st case of Ebola The Islamic State's Terror Laptop of Doom  Buried In a Dell Computer Captured in Syria Are Lessons For Making Bubonic Plague Bombs and Fatwas On Using Weapons of Mass Destruction. 'We anxiously await a Russianproduced map of Canada that shows an independent Quebec. It seems to be the way diplomacy is being conducted these days'. Palestinian leader say Hamas caused prolonged war Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has accused Hamas of needlessly extending fighting in the Gaza Strip, causing a high death toll. Polish and Ukrainian scientists unearth 1,000 victims of Stalin in castle once used as secret police prison Britain wants Russia stripped of right to host World Cup 2018 Banker for Kim JongUn flees North Korea, seeks asylum. A town north of Baghdad is surrounded by ISIS, but the residents decided to fight them off instead of flee Russia effectively at war with Europe Lithuanian president. NATO would fully respect Ukraine application As President Barack Obama warns of steppedup economic punishments against Russia for its military incursions inside Ukraine, U.S. sanctions have so far avoided one prominent financial institution the $10 billion Russian Direct Investment Fund, which has partnered with brandname American companies U.S. to Send Troops and Weapons to Eastern Europe Sweden raises military alert level due to Ukraine crisis Russia has up to 100 battle tanks fighting in Ukraine, UK believes Putin Hopes Russia Won't Lose Right to Host World Cup 2018 Seven NATO allies to create new rapid reaction force Russian security software vendor Kaspersky has yanked an article from its website arguing that people shouldn't fear state surveillance unless they had done something wrong in the first place. Ukraine Says Russian Tanks Have Attacked Town Poland bars overflight by Russian defence minister's plane  Russian agency Rasmussen NATO Will Help the Ukrainian Army Saudi king warns West will be jihadists' next target; If we ignore them, I am sure they will reach Europe in a month and America in another month Trigger that sets off ALS found, testing for treatment can begin soon. 75 UN troops flee across Golan border into Israel to escape Syrian rebels Oil tanker with $100 million cargo goes missing off Texas coast Indigenous leaders have reacted angrily to Tony Abbotts assertion that white settlement was the defining moment in Australian history Iraq conflict Kurdish forces strike significant victories against ISIS as they recapture land, oilfields and the vital Mosul dam British MP George Galloway has jaw and ribs broken in street attack In response to recent Russian violations of Finnish airspace, Finnish Air Force ups readiness level and moves hardware to HelsinkiVantaa airport; public reports Hornet sightings Myanmar's first census in more than 30 years has revealed that the country has 9 million fewer people than it thought | The count caused tension after about 800,000 members of a longpersecuted Muslim minority were denied the right to identify themselves as Rohingya. Scandal hit Rotherham 'deleted abuse files'  Senior staff from Rotherham Council ordered a raid on offices to delete and remove case files of abused girls Food imports ban backfires on Russias economy | An embargo on food imports from the West has sent grocery prices in Russia soaring and greatly worsened inflation. The move is seen as a severe blow to the country's stagnating economy. ISIS gangraping and selling off Yazidi women inside Iraqi prison. Nigerian diplomat who fled Ebola quarantine and spread the disease to the South East of the country may face Manslaughter charges. Ukraine and Russia 'very close' to war Polish president warns Germany of Putin's 'empire' ambitions Syrian crisis is biggest humanitarian emergency of our era  nearly 50% of all Syrians have been forced to flee their homes Finland plans largescale military exercise on Russian border President Putin urges talks on status of east Ukraine, says impossible to predict end of crisis  Russian media UK considers ban on Britishborn jihadists in Iraq and Syria returning home The North Korean authorities have declared the U.S as the chief culprit of counterfeit notes printing and circulation and the most hideous criminal state regarding the manufacturing of high quality counterfeit United States one hundreddollar bills, known as supernotes. Iceland issues red alert after new eruption near volcano Fatah blasts Hamas for stealing humanitarian aid during Gaza operation UK criticizes arms exports to Russia, then confirms its own Russia demands MH17 black box data release Israel appropriates 4,000 dunams of West Bank land British Muslim leaders issue antiISIS fatwa  forbids joining heretical, extremist organisation Russian politician beaten after report on soldier burials Iraq breaks Islamic State siege of Amerli Fighter's in Amerli vow to kill their wives and children if the city falls to IS Canadian troops off to Europe as part of NATO plan to rein in Putins ambitions Putin wants statehood for eastern Ukraine Beijing Rules Out Open Elections in Hong Kong U.S. begins airdrops to town ringed by ISIS to protect an ethnic minority that one official says faces the threat of an imminent massacre Russian rouble falls to new low on sanctions threat Ukrainian forces in port city of Mariupol prepare for 'Russianled' assault Australia increases cigarette prices for the fourth time by almost 15% to $1 a cigarette. Expected to stop 60,000 smokers. Hundreds of Ukrainian troops 'massacred by proRussian forces as they waved white flags' The Islamic States' next target is Pope Francis as the group deems Italy a highly strategic point of attack. An Italian intelligence agency found information that the ISIS is targeting the Pope as he bears false witness against Islam and serves as the greatest exponent of Christianity. Anger As Annual Dolphin Hunt Begins In Japan Ethical bottled water companies find it hard to compete with Nestl and Coke Ukraine Crisis 'If I Want, I Will Take Kiev in Two Weeks', Putin Warns EU's Barroso Merkel Says Europe Wont Allow Russia Attack on Ukraine Rotherham Police 'would not investigate child abuse for fear of breaching victim's human rights' Mother who found 125 names of alleged sex abusers on her young daughter's mobile phone claims police told her an investigation would breach the girl's human rights The owner of Raju, the recently freed elephant that was tortured for 50 years, launches legal action to return him. Petition goes up to keep Raju free. The fight is on. (Link in article) Hong Kong Braces for Protests as China Rules Out Full Democracy Germany projected to post third straight budget surplus, after 16.1 billion surplus in first half of 2014 Ukraine says rescue under way after naval vessel attacked Grand Ayatollah Issues Fatwa Stating High Speed Internet is against Sharia Ukraine soldiers battling Russian tanks at Lugansk Kiev Islamic State key financier was director of private Muslim primary school in Birmingham President Obama To Attend Nato Summit, Will Become First Sitting US Pres. To Visit Wales Dogs digging up and eating Ebola victim corpses may become asymptomatic carriers and potentially a new source of infection. Stonehenge ghostly outlines of missing stones appear. Archaeologists can now say for certain that Stonehenge was once a complete circle after the dry weather revealed the ghostly outlines of missing stones Russia's Putin orders Gazprom to start gas pipeline construction to China Rickets is back in the UK because the poor can't afford good food. Separatists hit Ukrainian vessel in first naval attack of war Thousands of Russian soldiers sent to Ukraine, reports suggest up to 15,000 soldiers have been sent to assist separatists since July 2014 Ukraine crisis truth about MH17 must be revealed Lavrov Man shoots up social welfare office in New Zealand 25 Sunni Tribes Ready To Fight ISIS Captured IS Suicide Bomber in Peshmerga hands When he is treated and well, he will go to prison and rot there for the rest of his life. He will be denied martyrdom. The Kurds want the foreign fighters to know that.  Sky News Russian sex geckos die in orbit Plans to dump 3 million cubic metres of material dredged from the ocean floor into the Great Barrier Reef area will be abandoned. NASA is building the largest rocket of all time for a 2018 launch German President Joachim Gauck Russia has effectively severed its partnership with Europe and wants to establish a new order Ukraine warns of great war with Russia the likes of which Europe has not seen since WWII Egypt fatwa bans online chats between men and women Egypts top Islamic authority has prohibited online chat between unrelated men and women, triggering a big controversy in the country. Canada Misleads in Keystone XL Ads About Deep Cuts to Environmental Monitoring  Canada has cut nearly $3 billion in spending & up to 5,000 jobs from its sciencebased depts, according to federal scientists. Gays not welcome in Crimea  We do not need such people in the Crimea acting PM Aksenov Huge new Israeli settlement in West Bank condemned by US and UK Israel cancels settlement plans due to international pressure Denmark passes law allowing transgender people to obtain official documents reflecting their gender identity without needing to be diagnosed with a mental disorder or undergo surgeries resulting in irreversible sterilization. Ebola Patient Flees Clinic In Search For Food Video has emerged of Liberian ebola clinic workers dressed in contamination suits chasing an escaped patient through the streets after he left a treatment centre to visit a market. Russian Investigators Seize Assets of ProKiev Ukrainian Billionaire Radioactive wild boar roaming the forests of Germany Russia Has Threatened Nuclear Attack, Says Ukraine Defence Minister Dutch organization, Women on We, sends abortion pills to women in countries that restrict or ban the procedure  Working to revolutionize access to the procedure, bypassing the clinic & turning to a novel method of delivery the Internet. Uber has been banned across the whole of Germany AUSTRALIA will enter a historic partnership with NATO at the groups summit in Wales this week, giving the Australian Defence Force greater access to the planning and decisionmaking of the worlds most powerful military alliance Sharks Off Menu & on Tourist Trail in Palau  World's 1st shark sanctuary here was so successful it's going to totally ban commercial fishing in the island nation's vast ocean territory by 2018. The unprecedented fishingfree zone in the Pacific is about the size of France. Nuclear ban on muslim engineer (from accessing nuclear sites, citing his links with jihadist networks) upheld by French court  France 2 secret funders of British politician Nigel Lawsons climate skeptic group revealed  This is 1st time backers have confirmed contributions. Both are linked to a freemarket thinktank, IEA, which takes money from oil firms & argues against climate change mitigation. British jihadists to be forced to attend deradicalisation programmes, says Cameron Nato to create highreadiness force to counter Russian threat  Spearhead force will be made up of around 4,000 troops with capacity to 'travel light but strike hard'. EU threatens Israel with total ban of poultry unless it marks products from settlements