 101 year old man pulled out of rubble alive one week after Nepal earthquake. Kim Dotcom Awarded Millions For Legal Bills and Living Expenses Dead Zones Without Marine Life Found in the Atlantic Ocean for the First Time Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu does not now and has never sincerely believed in a twostate solution for Israel and Palestine., former US president Jimmy Carter has said Chinese authorities installed 26 meter guard rails in front of Beijing Botanical Gardens to prevent people cutting the line, as part of government's effort to teach Chinese tourists good manners Ebola Survivors Should Use Condoms Indefinitely, CDC Says Fury as Boris Johnson BANS bagpipes from streets of London Venezuela announces 30% increase in minimum wage Lord Janner was director of his firm 3 weeks ago despite dementia, as dossier alleges police chief allowed peer to molest young boys Philip Morris International Uses Copyright Claims To Quiet Marlboro Critics Global Jewish immigration to Israel jumps 40% this year Saudi Arabia used U.S.supplied cluster bombs in Yemen Australia condemns killing of dolphins & seals by factory fishing trawler  Environment minister Greg Hunt says deaths of 8 dolphins & 4 seals are unacceptable & outrageous as ship returns to port Ukraine Attacks Donetsk Peoples Republic With Tanks, Grenade Launchers Italy 3700 Migrants Rescued From Mediterranean in 1 Day Police in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, have ordered residents and visitors to remain in their homes and hotels as reports of violence and roadblocks in Jalisco and Colima continue, US Consulate in Guadalajara warns  Antisatellite race heats up with China, Russia Concerns have grown in the aftermath of Chinese antisatellite tests, most recently in July 2014, that demonstrated the capability to destroy military communications satellites, perhaps even those in geostationary orbits. The Islamic State Is Selling Enslaved Yazidis Back to Their Families. Turkish police 'thank' shopkeepers for beating May Day activists United States to allocate $200 million to provide training and weapons to Ukrainian army. Dozens of graves found in Thailand jungle Professor of physics named new leader of ISIS Venezuela to nationalize food distribution China detains 10 people for spreading online rumours 'damaging image of military' Attack on May Day demonstration in Weimar, Germany results in 15 people injured including city's mayor and a member of German parliament Russian Official Severely Beaten After Reporting Electoral Fraud 25,000 Mexican Fishermen Sue BP over Environmental Disaster An estimated 250,000 Bangladeshis, lured with jobs in Malaysia, have been held for ransom in jungle camps by traffickers in Thailand over the last 8 years in a modern day slave trade. Authorities from the three countries are also reportedly involved in the trade. Puerto Rico's governor on Sunday signed an executive order authorizing the use of medical marijuana in the U.S. territory in an unexpected move following a lengthy public debate Germans, still outraged by NSA spying, learn their country may have helped An Uphill Campaign in Norway to Promote LSD as a Human Right 'Our purity is above 99%' Chinese factories are mass producing novel psychoactive substances that mimic banned substances, destined for an eager market in the US and UK WikiLeaks Anonymous Leak Submission Website Relaunched after 6 years ProPutin bikers Night Wolves dwindle en route to Germany German and Austrian officials say gang undertaking 3,700mile second world war victory tour has been reduced to a handful of leatherclad men in rental car. 74 largest terrestrial herbivore species on Earth on the verge of extinction Changes in the Arctic Ocean are so profound that the region is entering what amounts to a new era, according to Norwegian scientists. Iran bans 'devil worshipping' haircuts Hairstyles of a spiky and unorthodox nature have reportedly been banned in Iran because they imply devilworship, while tattoos and other male bodily adornments also being outlawed. NATO starts anti submarine exercise in North Sea as tension with Russia rise Israeli soldiers cast doubt on legality of Gaza military tactics A third of UK Catholics would make their lifestyle greener if Pope Francis makes an official statement on climate change, a new survey claims $300/KWh batterypowered electric vehicles hit totalcostofownership parity with gaspowered cars 5 years ahead of schedule. A price of $150/KWh could cause a paradigm shift in vehicle technology, and it may arrive by 2020 Climbing Mount Everest this season is almost impossible because the routes have been damaged by avalanches triggered by last month's earthquake, officials in Nepal say. Costa Rica issues alert over ammonium nitrate spill British grandmother prepares for execution in Indonesia for being coerced into drug trafficking Excavations reveal new terracotta army at ancient emperors tomb and are expected to uncover 1200 more of the life sized clay figures 5 year old Israeli was killed by mortar fired from UN facility  exIDF chief Israeli soldiers reveal they were ordered to shoot to kill in Gaza  even if targets were civilians UN aid worker suspended for leaking report on child abuse by French troops | Anders Kompass said to have passed confidential document to French authorities because of UNs failure to stop abuse of children in Central African Republic China says climate change threatens major projects. Zheng Guoguang, head of China's Meteorological Administration, told the weekly newspaper the Study Times that the uptick in recent weather disasters such as floods, typhoons, droughts and heatwaves had a big connection to climate change Thousands have protested against Moldova's government, saying it has failed to implement reforms to bring the country closer to the European Union. Protesters also called on the government to investigate the disappearance of $1.5 billion from the stateowned and two private banks Qatar detained German reporters investigating FIFA World Cup | Journalists from Germanys biggest television networks were reportedly detained, questioned and not allowed to leave Qatar for days while working on a story about FIFA President & Dohas vexed nomination for the 2022 football World Cup. 7.4 quake hits near Papua New Guinea, tsunami warning issued Canada's Trudeau vows to cut middleclass taxes, hike taxes on rich TransCanada Keystone 1 Pipeline Suffered Major Corrosion Only 2 Yrs in Operation  The cause of the corrosion is being kept from the public by federal regulators & TransCanada. Canada poised to pass antiterror legislation despite widespread outrage $21m cocaine stash found in Aldi bananas IS claims responsibility for US Prophet cartoon attack Prime Minister of Singapore shares his C++ code for Sudoku solver Facebook's Internet.org violates net neutrality, activists say Philippines' Most Wanted Terrorist Killed by Bodyguard for $1 Million Bounty The lower house of Frances Parliament overwhelmingly approved a sweeping intelligence bill that, if it wins in the upper house, would give the government broad surveillance powers with little judicial oversight. Fertilizer, Also Suited for Bombs, Flows to ISIS Territory From Turkey China is using Shanghai as a testing ground for new rules which ban the families of government officials from running a business, investing in a nonlisted company or working for a foreign firm. The new rules are part of President Xi Jinping's wideranging anticorruption campaign South African universities join academic boycott of Israel Boko Haram stoned captive girls to death as rescuers approached UN calls for suspension of TTIP talks over fears of human rights abuses The world needs to triple its investments in clean energy innovation if were to have a chance of keeping the world below 2 degrees Celsius of warming above preindustrial levels  a level beyond which truly dangerous climate change might set in. UN More than 200 young women rescued from Boko Haram are pregnant Sexting could see teenagers branded as sex offenders U.S. warships accompany British commercial vessels in Strait of Hormuz Pentagon Jewish students to protest violence by speaking Arabic on Jerusalem tram Jihadists destroy proposed world heritage site in Mali China overtakes Mexico as top sender of immigrants to United States ISIS in Gaza Says Hamas Worse Than Jewish Occupiers as Tensions Between Groups Rise Netanyahu Israel will fight racism  Ethiopian Israelis are Israelis in every way U.S. government has authorized commercial ferry service to Cuba France just passed its own Patriot Act, and civil rights groups arent happy  in the wake of the deadly Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris, France has passed its own version of the Patriot Act, which could give a French government intelligence agency NSAlike powers in the country WHO report 74% of men and 64% of women in UK to be overweight by 2030 After forty years of the Progressive Conservatives running the Canadian province of Alberta, a new party has been elected. Macedonian protesters demand resignation of cabinet, because of longrunning wiretapping scandal, that includes covering up a murder of a 22y old. NASA will pay $US5000 for your best ideas on what you'd need to survive on Mars Police stop peaceful protest in Macedonia against brutality with brutality Germanwings copilot practised crash on another flight  report | World news If Russia does not apply the Minsk ceasefire deals in full and return Crimea to Ukraine, the EU should step up sanctions and consider the possibility of providing Ukraine with defensive arms, say Foreign Affairs Committee MEPs in a resolution voted on Monday. After 17 years of fruitlessly searching the galaxy, Australian scientists have discovered the source of mysterious radio signals hitting a telescope Mars Exploration Rovers Update Opportunity logs sol 4000  This rover was sent on a 90day expedition, with the mission success mobility objective of driving 600 meters. In March, Opportunity completed 42.195 kilometers or 26.2 miles Nauru, one of the world's smallest countries, has banned Facebook Astronomers have discovered a baby blue galaxy that is farther away in distance and time than any galaxy ever seen. It's among the universe's first generation of galaxies, from 13.1 billion years ago. There was less ice in the Arctic this winter than in any other winter during the satellite era, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration scientists said on Tuesday. Dubai Police officers to start wearing cameras Another Mexican Journalist Found Dead With Signs of Torture F*** the king demonstrator taken to court for insulting the Dutch monarch Saudi Arabia beheads 79th convict this year Oil tops $60 a barrel for first time in 2015 EU to investigate claims McDonald's avoided $1bn in tax A new blood test for ovarian cancer proved to be 86% accurate Cambodias prime minister is refusing to pay a $5,000 bet he made on the Pacquiao fight NSA Converting Phone Conversations into Searchable Text | Leaked documents reveal how the security agency converts speech into text as part of its Big Data collection program. US Places Bounties on Heads of Key IS leaders; Rewards for highvalue IS targets up to $7 million Saudi oil chief No one can set the price of oil  its up to Allah. Someone stole $1 billion from Moldova. That's an eighth of its GDP Egypt to Rebuild the Lighthouse of Alexandria, One of the Seven Ancient World Wonders NASA's Radar Found 4 Men Trapped in Rubble in Nepal By Their Heartbeats North Korea We don't have political prison camps, because we have no political division. The discovery of a silver ring with an Arabic inscription in a Viking grave has added credence to the ancient accounts of Arab travellers in their encounters with the Vikings, and points to a fascinating trade and cultural exchange. Irans Capital Tehran swaps 'death to Americaillboards for Picasso and Matisse United Kingdom Election 2015 Millions begin casting their votes Saudi Arabia Beheads Five Foreigners, Hangs their Corpses from Helicopter Canadian government passes new anti terror bill amidst much skepticism Dolphins hunted to pay for brides  If you want a bride in a few Solomon Island villages, you need to pay with necklaces of dolphins teeth. And the price has shot up alarmingly since 2004, from $0.14 per tooth to $0.68as has the number of dolphins slaughtered for this purpose, scientists report Selfie attempt by tourist shatters priceless sculpture in Italy Over 50 Thai police punished over links to human trafficking. Spy law passes in Canada Australia's supermarkets and farms engaging in labour exploitation; slavelike conditions found. Child pornography bust spanning 17 countries leads to 41 arrests Chinese tourist who sat on revolutionary statue becomes first person on country's National List of Uncivilized Tourist Behavior and will remain blacklisted for 10 years Four arrested in Germany for terror plot against Muslims Three men and a woman held for possession of explosives and for planning attacks on mosques and leading Muslim figures World headed for an El Nino and it could be a big one, scientists say Global carbon dioxide levels break 400ppm milestone 4,400yearold statue of Egyptian pharaoh unearthed south of Luxor Ivory Coast has banned skinwhitening creams, which are widely used in west Africa, because of fears they cause lasting damage to health Turkey officials confirm pact with Saudi Arabia to help Islamist Insurgents overthrow Syria's Bashar al Assad Denmark moves closer to a cashless society The Danish government on Wednesday proposed getting rid of the obligation for selected retailers to accept payment in cash, moving the country closer to a cashless economy. Japanese zoo apologises for naming its new monkey Charlotte after the new royal princess Russia's new hightech Armata tank just broke down in the middle of a rehearsal parade Video After almost 1,000,000 votes for the UK Green Party and only 1 seat won, their elected Rt. Hon. Caroline Lucas calls for Proportional Representation voting in the UK For the first time, Ebola has been discovered inside the eyes of a patient just months after the virus was gone from his blood. Germany has stopped sharing internet surveillance info with the NSA Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Ed Miliband have all quit their Leader positions Tesla's Battery Grabbed $800 Million in Its First Week Edward Snowden says Australia undertaking 'dangerous' mass surveillance of citizens; criticises metadata laws Six people, including Norwegian and Philippine ambassadors, killed in Pakistan military helicopter crash Water similar to lifebearing Earth lakes found on moon of Saturn. First UK election shock as 20year old becomes youngest lawmaker since 1667 Report US drone strike kills man who claimed Charlie Hebdo, kosher market attacks UK election exit poll predicts Conservatives will be largest party in a hung parliament, with 316 seats to Labour's 239 Luxembourg Recognizes Armenian Genocide Climate change a UNled ruse, says Tony Abbott's business adviser Maurice Newman A rising number of people in Turkey believe that free speech and human rights are declining in the country, according to a new survey. Ecuador's President calls out Brad Pitt for purchasing the movie rights to a book that smears the campaign against Chevron's contamination in the Amazon Antarctica is melting faster than ever before Reuters bureau chief died of suffocation in Pakistan Controversial Bill C51 (AntiTerrorism Act) passes in Canadian House of Commons Election 2015 SNP wins 56 of 59 seats in Scots landslide SelfDriving SemiTrucks Could Hit Highways Soon Climate change a UNled ruse says Australian PM Abbott's business adviser Chinese company Tiens Group treats 6,400 workers to fourday Paris holiday Arrests of Palestinian students by Palestinian security forces over politics worrying HRW 'Captain Kidd's treasure' found off Madagascar AlQaida leader involved in Charlie Hebdo attack killed An Indian court jailed 13 Islamists Friday over an attack on a professor whose hand was chopped off after being accused of blaspheming the Prophet Mohammed in an exam paper. The US is trying to create unipolar world says Vladimir Putin The population of African elephants in Tanzania plummeted by 60 percent (65,000) in the past five years Norways Were Sorry Monument to 91 Dead Witches Norway Ends Blasphemy Law Russia marks 70 years since victory over Nazi Germany with huge parade Mexican cartel members used an RPG to take down an army helicopter during a series of coordinated attacks in Guadalajara last week. Chile to Have Free Higher Education by 2016 Australia PM's adviser climate change is UN hoax to create new world order  Maurice Newman, chairman of Tony Abbotts business advisory council, says UN is using debunked climate change science to impose authoritarian rule Syria, Iraq girls shipped naked after being sold at ISIL slave bazaars UN International inspectors have found traces of sarin and VX nerve agent at a military research site in Syria that had not been declared to the global chemical weapons watchdog Japanese government's debt swells to 1.053 quadrillion. Putin just dismissed nearly 20 generals North American Moose dying in droves as climate warming fuels disease, pests Chinese province to ban rooftop Christian crosses First three jailed under Norway's new Isis law Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo has donated 7 million euros (5m) to help the aid effort in Nepal, according to reports in France Food wasted by consumers is an enormous economic problem and nations should ensure excess food is given to the hungry instead of being thrown away. US SKYNET program marks Al Jazeera journalist as AlQaeda As Europe braces itself for a new deluge of refugees, the EU plans to introduce a quota system to distribute migrants across its member states. But some countries have already begun rejecting the scheme. Riot erupts in Iran's Kurdish capital over woman's death The uproar over allegations of child sexual abuse by French soldiers in Central African Republic spread on Friday, as the United Nations top human rights official accused France of delays in investigating its troops. Vladimir Putin, Xi Jinping sign infrastructure deals worth billions in Moscow Liberia Ebola outbreak declared over after 42 days without new case 'Dozens dead' and many escape in Iraq prison break Chinese billionaire Li Jinyuan takes 6,400 staff on holiday to France. 92% of Married Women in Egypt Have Undergone Female Genital Mutilation Skynet is real.The NSA named one of its topsecret programs Skynet. New US fighter jet on course to becoming one of historys biggest white elephants  The UK considered buying 150 F35s from the US, but not one plane is combat ready as costs soar. Cuban samesex couples 'wed' in march for LGBT rights led by Castro's daughter The last great regions of pristine wilderness  from Asia to the Amazon  are threatened by an unprecedented roadbuilding programme financed by aggressive development banks with little interest in protecting the natural world, a leading environmental scientist has warned. Raul Castro This Pope's So Impressive, I Might Return to Church. Police Arrest President of SelfDeclared Liberland, Newest Micronation Global CO2 level surpasses 400 mark, poses serious environmental threat NOAA NSA asked its German counterpart BND to spy on Germany's technology giant Siemens Paraguay man arrested in rape of girl, 10, who became pregnant Paraguayan law bans abortions except in cases where mother's life is in jeopardy. Health minister says girl's life isn't at risk, and that government will oversee her prenatal care Protesters clash at Downing St gates during rally against new Tory government 8yearold boy smuggled into Spain inside suitcase found in 'terrible' condition Ecuador Reforestation Day to Break Guinness Record for TreePlanting Slave Escapes After Being Chained At The Neck To A Desk In Mexico For More That Two Years Tinnitus connected to multiple areas of the brain, scientists find EU draws up plans for military attacks on Libya targets to stop migrant boats Deaths in detention centres rise. Despite prosecution reports of inhumane conditions in police stations, detainees continue to die in custody China, Russia agree to jointly build hydropower plant Solomon Islanders kill more than 1,600 dolphins for their teeth  Residents of a village where dolphin teeth are used for currency killed 1,600 of the animals in 2013 alone, & researchers are calling for urgent monitoring Three fresh tremors hit Nepal as death toll crosses 8,000 UN Strikes on Yemen's Saada breach international law | UN envoy says indiscriminate bombing of populated areas violates international law, as coalition continues raids. As U.S. withdraws from Afghanistan, darkness falls on Talibans birthplace A $300 million American military project to bring electricity to the Afghan strategic city is falling apart before it ends An armed group attacked special forces police Saturday in a town in northern Macedonia in a clash that killed five police officers and injured more than 30, officials said, amid a political crisis that has raised concern about the stability of the Balkan nation Indian Prime Minister Modi launches 3 mega social security schemes, says they are meant to empower the poor Pope Francis said Monday that many powerful people don't want peace because they live off war. Some powerful people make their living with the production of arms. It's the industry of death. Chinese government now blacklisting rude Chinese tourists from traveling abroad Edward Snowden warns data retention laws are 'dangerous'. The former NSA contractor who lifted the lid on mass surveillance in the US has a message for Australians living with new data retention laws You are being watched. Powerful religious leaders in Afghanistan are growing uneasy about the challenge to their authority posed by rare civil rights protests in Kabul and widespread anger over the lynching of a young woman wrongly accused of burning a Koran Unveiled in Milan, the world's first biodigital Urban Algae Canopy can produce a forest's worth of oxygen a day  the equivalent of 400,000 square feet of natural woodland Australian government lobbying against UNESCO listing Great Barrier Reef as In danger. Scientists say they have exposed a scandal at the heart of Ancient Egypt's animal mummy industry  A scanning project at Manchester Museum and the University of Manchester has revealed that about a third of the bundles of cloth are empty inside. Brazil plans to nationalise rainforest in pioneering plan to protect Amazon. Proposal to put all natural resources in the forest under state control faces legal wrangles  but if passed could enshrine environmental protection A drug rehabilitation centre with links to the Church of Scientology has been fined and ordered to remove unsubstantiated claims made online about curing patients. Danish school fined $6,000 for forcing Muslim student to eat pork Nepal earthquake victims' families prevented from leaving Qatar Fifa World Cup building sites to attend funerals Philippines' most wanted Islamist bomber 'slain by his own bodyguards for $1m bounty on his head' Moroccan F16 goes missing in Yemen Rhino killers lay siege to Kruger Park An American museum has returned a 10thcentury sandstone statue of the Hindu monkey god Hanuman to Cambodia, decades after it was looted from a jungle temple when the kingdom was in the throes of civil war Russia, China unite with major cyber pact The two have agreed not to hack each other and pledged to thwart technology that might destabilize the internal political and socioeconomic atmosphere, disturb public order or interfere with the internal affairs of the state. Tesla's lowcost renewable battery could revolutionize Africa's energy supply  Home storage unit is perfect for continent rich in solar & wind resources but short of reliable power sources, says Christine Mungai Macedonia says five Kosovans led the armed group which was involved in clashes with security forces in the northern town of Kumanovo. Macedonian crisis ends with at least 22 dead. 37 officers were wounded. More than 30 people were arrested. Israel's new government is planning to legalise West Bank settlement construction Turkish ship attacked as it approached Libya's Tobruk  Foreign Ministry Dutch solar road makes enough energy to power household Greece has revealed it is to introduce a surcharge for all cashpoint withdrawals and financial transactions in a desperate attempt to prevent citizens withdrawing their money from the country's beleaguered banks. North Korea announced on Saturday that it successfully launched an underwater ballistic missile from a submarine, further raising concerns about its military capabilities and raising tensions in the region. Oil rises towards $66 after China cuts rates Earthquake strikes again  felt in India and Nepal. 7.1 magnitude on richter scale. Colombia Will Stop Spraying Monsantos RoundUp On Their Cocaine JP Morgan Chase, Barclays, other banks likely to plead guilty over manipulation of foreign exchange rates Pakistani military officials name the exISI officer who gave away Bin Laden's Location to CIA for $25 million [UK] David Cameron appoints antigay marriage MP to be minister for equalities Third secular blogger hacked to death in Bangladesh Ananta Bijoy Das, a Bangladeshi writer known for advocating science and secularism, was hacked to death by masked men wielding machetes while on his way to work Tuesday morning. This is the third fatal attack on secular bloggers this year. Families give their minor daughters to ISIS in exchange for protection in Libya Sri Lanka to become the first nation in the world to protect all its mangroves More than half the worlds mangroves have been lost over the last century but all of those surviving in Sri Lanka, one of their most important havens, are now to be protected in an unprecedented operation. Pakistanis Knew Where Bin Laden Was, Say US Sources  NBC News 'Substantial' El Nino event predicted Utter nonsense' CIA and White House blast Seymour Hershs explosive Osama bin Laden raid story Greece has been invited to become a member of the development bank of the BRICS economies, including Russia and China, which is seeking to become a counterweight to the IMF, a government source said Monday [11 May 2015]. Kim Jong Un ordered his aunt executed, defector says India suggests US set up National Human Rights Commission Gambian President Says He Will Slit Gay Men's Throats in Public Speech Man plotted cyanide attack because he felt elittled by society' for having ginger hair Antibioticresistant typhoid is spreading across Africa and Asia and poses a major global health threat, warn experts. Germany's BND intelligence agency sends mammoth amounts of phone and text data to the U.S. NSA each month. Citing confidential documents, Die Zeit Online reported on Tuesday that of about 220 million pieces of meta data gathered per day, some 1.3 billion pieces per month go to the NSA. Swedish neoNazi party dismantles as support drops Nemtsov report 220 Russian soldiers died in Ukraine battles ExC.I.A. officer sentenced for leaking a secret operation to disrupt Irans nuclear program to a Times reporter Swedish Supreme Court rules against WikiLeaks' Assange EU asks U.N. to OK military action on migrant boats Honors for Ukrainian nationalists anger their victims  in Poland  CSMonitor.com Japan struck by 6.7 magnitude earthquake. After shocks expected. President Barack Obama''Palestinians deserve an end to occupation'' Vatican officially recognizes 'state of Palestine' in new treaty Time has come to reexamine cannabis prohibition, Israel's police chief says Developing reports claim that Pakistan's army not only knew where Osama bin Laden was hiding, but complicit in protecting him since 2006 Tory officials threatened BBC during election  senior BBC executives faced repeated threats of farreaching reforms if they didnt change election campaign coverage Pope God will judge you on whether you cared for Earth BBC reporting a coup in Burundi has effectively removed President Nkurunziza. 40 shia muslims gunned down by gunmen in a bus in Pakistan. Chancellor Angela Merkel is set to face further political embarrassment over Berlins spy scandal following new revelations that US intelligence planned to obtain unlimited access to Germanys main internet cable networks in its attempt to achieve saturation surveillance. A district of 5 million people in Chinas restive far west has demanded that residents hand in their passports to the police for indefinite safekeeping, the latest government crackdown in an area where Beijing has declared a peoples war on violent separatists. David Cameron is to set out a string of new powers to tackle radicalisation, saying the UK has been a passively tolerant society for too long | The bill will include new immigration rules, powers to close down premises used by extremists and extremism disruption orders. More than 5,000 people have signed a petition calling for the north of England to secede from the UK and join Scotland Sea Level Rise Is Happening Faster Than Anyone Thought  The study, published Monday in Nature Climate Change, found that sea level rise has been speeding up over the past two decades compared to the rest of the 20th century. This contradicts previous satellite data dating back to 1993 Letting Shell drill in Arctic could lead to catastrophic oil spill, experts warn | Lack of local infrastructure to undertake oil exploration will prove devastating, environmentalists say  there is one road, no rail system and limited air facilities Isis Jihadis using Passports Stolen from Westerners to Travel to Syria. An Illinois resident, claimed that she along with her husband was visiting Paris, when their passports were stolen. Her passport was found from an Isis safehouse in Syria New York Times correspondent backs up Sy Hersh claim about how the US really found bin Laden Former European leaders call for change in EU policy on Israel | Europe must hold Israel to account for the way it maintains the occupation, says letter from former prime ministers and diplomats Dawn Spacecraft Images Reveal Ice Rinks on Ceres  The presence of exposed ice on Ceres would be a surprise, because ice should be unstable on the dwarf planets airless surface, turning from a solid into a gas and drifting into space rather than sticking around. Iran summarily executed 98 people in a month U.N. report Greece taps out its emergency IMF reserves  to pay back IMF Malaysia says it will turn away migrants stranded at sea unless boats are sinking Rights group Human rights under Palestinian rule worsened 10 Chinese Arrested For Killing Giant Panda, Selling Parts Strong 6.8magnitude earthquake hits northeastern Japan Canada Aboriginals Reject $960 Million Petronas Gas Deal. An aboriginal group along Canadas Pacific Coast turned down Petroliam Nasional Bhd.s offer of C$319,000 ($267,000) for each member as compensation for building a natural gas export terminal on ancestral lands. North Korean defense chief NOT executed. South Korea redacts earlier statements about the execution. A Navy nurse who refused to force feed prisoners on hunger strike at the U.S. base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, is no longer facing an administrative discharge over his protest, his lawyer said Wednesday House votes to stop NSA's phone data collection Isis Proxy Leader Abu Alaa al Afri, who Stepped in for Injured Baghdadi, 'Killed in Airstrike' Malaysia and Thailand turn away hundreds on migrant boats An estimated 6,000 Rohingya Muslims and Bangladeshis are stranded at sea as southeast Asian nations turn back refugees Researchers estimate over 80% (16 million) of gay men in China marry women due to social pressure Effective from tomorrow, Emirates SkyCargo will not accept any kind of animal Hunting Trophies for carriage on Emirates services Female Indonesian military applicants receive 'twofinger' virginity tests to recruit est people' Honeybees dying, situation unheard of A Canadian Conservative Politician Was Actually a Performance Artist Playing a DecadeLong Prank French bar owner charged after man dies drinking at least 56 shots Ancient Palmyra under threat by IS Vietnam Goes Shopping for U.S. Military Hardware to counter China Thousands sign petition calling for north of England to be part of Scotland Saudi Arabia Promises to Match Iran in Nuclear Capability At least 45 killed in factory fire in Philippines  CNN.com Israel 'disappointed' after Vatican officially recognizes Palestinian state Experts demand end to immunity for UN peacekeepers over sex abuse. Ottawa wants Omar Khadr declared adult offender for throwing grenade in Afghan firefight  killing American medic  when 15 years old case in Supreme Court EU plans migrant quotas, Britain opts out  The EU announced a plan on Wednesday to distribute asylumseekers more fairly around its member states and take in 20,000 more refugees, but Britain's newly reelected Conservative leaders rejected any quota system imposed from Brussels. Philippine factory fire Death toll rises to 72 Czechs stopped potential nuclear tech purchase by Iran sources | The Czech Republic blocked an attempted purchase by Iran this year of a large shipment of sensitive technology useable for nuclear enrichment after false documentation raised suspicions, U.N. experts and Western sources said. The three Baltic states, Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, will ask NATO leadership to deploy a permanent brigade in an effort to deter Russia Indian government may block apps which violates net neutrality NASA Finds Antarctic Ice Shelf a Few Years From Disintegration ISIS leader, Baghdadi, says Islam was never a religion of peace. Islam is the religion of fighting. It is the war of Muslims against infidels. Banks want assurances from U.S. regulators that they will not be barred from certain businesses before agreeing to plead guilty to criminal charges over the manipulation of foreign exchange rates, causing a delay in multibilliondollar settlements Scientologists are in Nepal trying to 'heal' trauma victims Luxembourgs prime minister on Friday becomes the first serving leader in the European Union to marry someone of the same sex, and only the second worldwide  and all in a tiny, mostly Catholic country often considered rather conservative. AIDS expert flays Kremlin, says Russia's HIV epidemic worsening and at least two million Russians are likely to be infected in about five years. Missing US Huey Helicopter found destroyed in Nepal China reduces emissions equivalent to entire UK output over first four months of 2015. Coal consumption in China fell by almost eight per cent from the start of the year to the end of April, with CO2 emissions dropping five per cent during the same period compared to the same time in 2014. Medicine Hat becomes the first city in Canada to eliminate homelessness. The cartiresize opah is striking enough thanks to its rotund, silver body. But now, researchers have discovered something surprising about this deepsea dweller It's got warm blood. That makes the opah (Lampris guttatus) the first warmblooded fish every discovered. PayPal has blocked an account set up by Russian opposition activists to raise funds for a report alleging Russian military involvement in the Ukraine war, citing the political nature of the donation campaign Peru reopens probe into mass sterilisations  A top law enforcement official in Peru has ordered the reopening and expansion of a criminal investigation into the alleged forced sterilisation of thousands of indigenous people Brazil beef industry pledges cut Amazon deforestation rate in half Facebook tramples on European privacy laws Belgian watchdog Several Young men were put in jail for three months in Mosul; released with a warning that next time they will be beheaded...Isis says for Muslims shaving beard is Haram Google to begin testing purposebuilt selfdriving cars on public roads  Small electric 2seater pods will take to public roads  but must be fitted with a removable steering wheel and pedals, & limited to 25mph Palmyra is in danger. As Islamic State fighters clash with Syrian government forces around the historic site, it is worth considering what the loss of this wonder, dubbed the Venice of the Sands, would mean for the world's cultural heritage. Russia to prosecute 'undesirable' foreign organisations. Indias Military Cannot Fight Wars Lasting Longer than 20 Days A recent report by the Indian government points to an ammunition crisis in the India Army. THE US consulate in Melbourne has warned citizens that a terrorist attack in Australia is highly likely Japan recognises Niue as a country with 1,611 inhabitants Ayatollah Speaks to Teachers, Who Chant Death to America! Death to England!...Death to Israel! Mozambique police seize 1.4 tons of poached rhino horn and ivory US and Cuba to hold talks on opening embassies Poland Makes Payout to Alleged Victims of CIA Renditions Candidate with no votes demands recount because he voted for himself Over 1000 Japanese Citizens Band Together To Sue Their Government Over Participation In TPP Moroccan King Mohammed VI has ordered that laws restricting abortion be loosened, allowing it in the case of rape, incest, danger to the mother's health or fetal malformation Former Egyptian president Mohammed Morsi sentenced to death. Turkey arrests 8 of its own soldiers after they intercepted trucks that were smuggling arms to Jihadists in Syria Mysterious Caribbean Shipwreck Identified  Wreck full of sword blades, scissors & mule shoes turns out to be the 'Nuestra Seora de Encarnacin', a Spanish ship that sank in 1681 during a storm. Very few Spanish merchant naos have ever been found & even fewer found in such amazing condition. Venezuelan currency tanks; inflation seen near 100% Law changed to allow UK surveillance agency GCHQ to hack citizens' computers while GCHQ was hauled into court on those exact charges. New Zealand legally recognizes animals as sentient beings Trade Agreement Could Limit Access to Medicines Leaked Draft Contains Language that Could Delay the Entrance of Generic Competition for MuchNeeded Medicines and Keep Pharmaceutical Prices High [TPP] Nepal's rhino numbers rise steadily thanks to antipoaching measures  Countrys population of endangered onehorned rhinos now stands at 645  up from 375 in 2005 Investigation shows Ukrainian leader Petro Poroshenko may have used his presidential influence to shut down investigations into damage of a protected historic site caused by unauthorized construction on his private property in central Kyiv High Line for Seoul South Korea's capital city will an convert an abandoned elevated highway in the heart of the city into a 55foot high public park Putin statue hanged on a cross in front of former KGB headquarters in Riga Pope Francis calls Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas 'angel of peace.' Canada reneges on emissions targets as tar sands production takes its toll A new pledge to cut greenhouse gases by 30% from 2005 levels by 2030 is less ambitious than previous goal and lags far behind US and EU targets Four teenagers suspected of stealing penguin babies in Norway The Israeli government will pay $3,500 grants to African refugees to encourage them to leave the country, it has said. MIDEAST  Turkish F16 shoots down Syrian regime aircraft Chinas Amazonian railway threatens uncontacted tribes & the rainforest  Environmentalists sound alarm over plans to construct 5,300km route between the Atlantic & Pacific oceans to cut transport costs Nepal Army All 8 Bodies Found at Crashed US Marine Chopper Nearly half the dolphins in Japan's aquariums are caught using a controversial fishing method that sees dozens more slaughtered every year Russia's economy falls in first quarter as woes mount Russian rocket carrying satellite crashes in Siberia Tory MP avoided child sex abuse trial in 1970s Canada's police begin wearing body cameras. If an interaction with the public is not recorded when it should have been, the officer may be subject to a discipline process. UK government quietly passed new legislation that exempts GCHQ, police, and other intelligence officers from prosecution for hacking into computers and mobile phones It Only Took Four Months For China To Achieve A JawDropping Reduction In Carbon Emissions ...a reduction in emissions thats approximately equal to the total CO2 emissions of the U.K. over the same period Chechnyas leader gives approval for 46yearold police chief to wed 17yearold girl in forced marriage Saudi jets target and destroy 1200 year old historic mosque and 13th century castle, among other Yemeni heritage sites Ecuador breaks Guinness reforestation record, plant 6,47,250 trees in a day Trident whistleblower says nuclear subs are insecure, unsafe and 'a disaster waiting to happen' Wikileaks releases BNDNSA inquiry transcripts of 'unclassified sessions' | Wikileaks has published transcripts of unclassified sessions of the Bundestag inquiry into the BNDNSA colloboration. The leaked documents show discrepancies between public and private sessions of the inquiry. Syria army pushes ISIS back from ancient Palmyra, There was no damage to the ruins, says antiquities chief Mamoun Abdulkarim French mayor expelled for claiming Islam will be banned from France by 2027 US Christians bankrolling no campaign in Irelands gay marriage referendum Ancient city of Palmyra is falling to ISIS. Large sections of the city have been seized. 2,000 year old temples, shrines and ruins are likely to be destroyed if ISIS takes the city. NASA 10,000yearold Antarctic ice shelf will disappear by 2020 Six U.S. Marines Killed in Helicopter Crash Over Nepal Identified Birds have fundamental rights, can't be kept in cages Delhi High Court India announces $1 billion credit line to Mongolia Spiders Rain Down On Australia Millions Reportedly Descended The United States slammed Gambian President Yahya Jammeh on Saturday for unconscionable remarks, after the West African leader reportedly threatened to slit the throats of gay men in his country Massive protests in Southwestern China over railway project. Videos and pictures show violent clashes with police Shellfish species shrinking as rising carbon emissions hit marine life Biologists warn that hundreds of species could die or weaken as growing levels of CO2 make oceans more acidic and disrupt shell formation India and China sign $22bnworth of deals as Modi ends visit Emirates Airlines Joins Ban on Hunting Trophies of Lions, Rhinos, and more. Islamic State militants 'smuggled to Europe'  Libyan official tells the BBC News Peru, Brazil, China Roll Ahead With Transcontinental Railway will cut across the Andes and connect port cities in the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of South America. Expected to reduce the cost of exporting agricultural goods from Brazil to China, and bring new business to Peruvian ports. Ruthless $570PerChild Traffickers Exploit Nepal Tragedy Saudi Arabia had made the strategic decision to purchase a nuclear weapon from Pakistan amid the ongoing negotiations over Irans nuclear program, a former American defense official said said in a report today in The Sunday Times. Danish jihadists cashed in on welfare benefits; Thirtytwo Danes have collected nearly 400,000 kroner worth of unemployment benefits while fighting in Syria Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m every minute, says IMF . Fishermen in Indonesia's Aceh province say they have been told by officials not to rescue Rohingya migrants from boats off the coast, even if they are drowning. Prince Harry calls for U.K. to bring back national service because joining army helped keep him out of trouble Egyptian judges shot dead in Sinai hours after former president Mohamed Morsi sentenced to death. Cheap blindness drug should be made widely available, says WHO The Catholic Church will continue to use a controversial legal defence to block victims of clerical abuse from seeking compensation FIFA to investigate arrest of BBC journalists in Qatar Please give us water The desperate cries of Rohingya and Bangladeshi migrants adrift on boat turned away from Thailand. Iran says Saudi Arabia should not be hosting Yemen talks since it's part of the conflict Carl Sagan's Solar Sail Is Ready For Its First Test Flight Charlie Hebdo accused of hypocrisy as it suspends journalist after death threats over her articles attacking Islam US raid in Syria killed 32 IS members, including 4 leaders monitor Thousands of people in Ecuador on Saturday planted a total of 647,250 trees in a single day. Hate preachers and terrorists could be stripped of citizenship under antiterrorism proposal Two Russian servicemen arrested in east Ukraine Ukrainian military Angela Merkel under pressure to reveal extent of German help for US spying | German chancellor called on to divulge a list of targets, including the IP addresses of individual computers, tracked on behalf of the NSA China Tells US That Both Countries Can Both Be Pacific Powers Taiwan ExWorkers Win Pollution Lawsuit  Taipei District Court rules for workers employed 19701992 at Radio Corp of America. It dumped toxic waste, polluting soil & water. Called worst industrial disaster in Taiwans history, it led to alarmingly high reports of cancer among its workers. Iraqi forces abandon posts in Ramadi Rhino horn now more valuable than gold, diamonds and cocaine, at $60K a pound making poaching a ultra profitable business. Israel intercepts 40 diving suits headed for Gaza to be used to build up Hamas' naval force. Another Political Candidate Killed Ahead of Elections in Mexico US contests 'Islamic State' claim of full control in Ramadi The loss of the key military base in the city would represent the biggest defeat for the Iraqi government since last summer. World Cup sponsors urged to bail over 'horrific' treatment of workers in Qatar ThePirateBay.se and PirateBay.se have been seized A US appeals court has ruled that YouTube should be allowed to show the uploaded film 'Innocence of Muslims' that sparked outrage in the Arab world in 2012. Child abuser sentence reduced because 6 year old victim had been already abused before A Turkish woman who has been taking part in a talent show on national TV has been shot in the head while rehearsing at her home in Diyarbakir, a conservative region in southeast Turkey. Ms Kaya had reportedly received death threats for singing on the show, Sesi Cok Guzel. 'Homebrewed morphine' made possible  Scientists have figured out how to brew morphine using the same kit used to make beer at home. They have genetically modified yeast to perform the complicated chemistry needed to convert sugar to morphine. Campaigners say 3,000 workers will die before the 2022 World Cup in Qatar Bloody, nightmarish scenes Between 100 and 200 killed in carnage aboard abandoned migrant boat, says survivors who made it to Indonesia China is planning the firstever landing on the far side of the Moon Billionaire Russian businessman found dead outside UK, Surrey home could have been poisoned Retired Fisheries and Oceans Canada biologist says the muzzling of federal government scientists is worse than anyone can imagine Steve Campana, known for his expertise on everything from Great white sharks to porbeagles and Arctic trout, says the atmosphere working for federal government is toxic. Oxford University rules out investing in coal and tar sands. The university, one of the worlds oldest and most prestigious, follows over 200 other organisations who have banned some investments in fossil fuels because of their role in driving climate change. Moscow Admits Two Fighters Captured in Ukraine Are ExRussian Soldiers Kerry Internet 'Needs Rules to Be Able to Flourish and Work Properly', Calls for more international Internet laws Surrogate father who abandoned baby with down syndrome in Thailand (while taking the healthy twin) tries to access charity funds donated to raise the abandoned boy in Thailand. Saudi Arabia Is Hiring 8 New Executioners  Saudi Arabia is advertising for eight new executioners, recruiting extra staff to carry out an increasing number of death sentences, usually done by public beheading. Nigeria Women and girls captured by Boko Haram subjected to mass rape Isis seizes Ramadi Battle now is to defend the road to Baghdad Trident whistleblower William McNeilly claims it is easier to enter sensitive nuclear weapons installations than 'most nightclubs' Cuba says conditions 'favorable' for restoring ties with U.S. The socalled interests sections in Washington and Havana would be upgraded to embassies if diplomatic ties were restored. South Korea's New Law Mandates Installation Of GovernmentApproved Spyware On Teens' Smartphones Australian cattle being killed with sledgehammers in Vietnam. Vision obtained by animal activists allegedly shows cattle being hit repeatedly to the head to stun them before slaughter, or being killed directly by the sledgehammer blow. Computer Program to Trawl Social Networks for Russian Opposition Plans A proKremlin political center has unleashed a computer program that would trawl social networks for chatter about planned unauthorized gatherings and report its findings to Russian authorities Australian Islamic State recruits want to return to Australia; government has so far denied request Two schoolgirls abused by 60 men in Aylesbury child sex ring, court hears Banks fined $5.7bn over foreign exchange rigging  live updates | Regulators are announcing penalties against some of the worlds biggest banks for their role in manipulating the foreign exchange markets. U.S. Central Intelligence Agency leaked propaganda material to the producers of 'Zero Dark Thirty' to build a positive spin on torture programmes Irans Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has ordered that all Afghan children in Iran be permitted schooling regardless of their residency status. This decision impacts hundreds of thousands of children and can help improve the precarious status of the approximately 3 million Afghans in Iran. Obama is creating a 1,500mile butterfly corridor to help Monarchs get from Mexico to Minnesota Japanese air bag manufacturer Takata Corp. will announce it is declaring an estimated 33.8 million vehicles defective, a move that is expected to lead to the largest auto recall in U.S. history New Australian laws could criminalise the teaching of encryption 1,400 suspects in politician and celebrity child sex abuse inquiry  Officer leading Operation Hydrant inquiry says out of 1,433 alleged offenders 76 were politicians, 43 were from music industry and 135 were from TV, film or radio. Fossil Fuel Subsidies Cost $5 Trillion Annually and Worsen Pollution The International Monetary Fund notes that subsides for burning fossil fuels enrich the wealthy and make air pollution worse Egypt Court Bans Pornography China illegally fishing off coast of west Africa, Greenpeace study reveals Number of Chinese fishing boats operating in Africa soared from 13 in 1985 to 462 in 2013, say environmental group, with ships taking advantage of weak enforcement and supervision Grandson of Hamas Founder Says He Faces Certain Death if Canada Deports Him Back to the West Bank | VICE News U.S. charges six Chinese nationals with economic espionage Barclays fined 1.5bn over forex failings. The largest financial penalty ever imposed by the FCA Israeli prime minister calls off West Bank bus segregation Authorities seize 3.7 tonnes of illegal ivory headed for Vietnam The 'Shocking' Cost of Letting Companies Pollute for Free. This year, the report estimates, fossil fuels are being subsidized to the tune of $5.3 trillion, or 6.5 percent of global gross domestic product. Poll shows a third of Germans feel deceived by Merkel in spy row | One in three Germans feels deceived by Chancellor Angela Merkel regarding a row over spying on Germans, but almost half are not very interested in the whole affair, a poll showed. Irish bakery fined 500 after refusing to bake progay cake Iran says it can no longer afford Ahmadinejad's cash handouts Facebook criticised for creating 'two tier internet' with Internet.org programme After Mars, Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) aims for Venus probe in 23 years | The Asian Age Gaza police arrest and assault Al Jazeera journalist Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday Tehran would not accept unreasonable demands by world powers during negotiations over its disputed nuclear programme, and ruled out letting inspectors interview its atomic scientists. Five banks to pay fines totalling $5.7bn over foreign exchange rate manipulation Italy's 'eternally unfinished' highway enters final stretch  50 years after construction began  Back in 1966, Lunar 9 was the first spacecraft to achieve a controlled landing on the Moon, England won the World Cup, and Italy opened the first section of the Salerno to Reggio Calabria motorway Brazil blogger known for reporting on corruption found decapitated China's richest man lost $15 billion in one hour India wants to know where the $100 billion climate change fund is Hundreds of tech companies line up to oppose TPP trade agreement U.S. and Cuba Nearing Deal to Fully Restore Diplomatic Ties NSA Planned to Hijack Google App Store to Hack Smartphones U.S. and Israel have worst inequality in the developed world Australia to Revoke Citizenship of AustralianBorn Jihadis ISIS forces overrun ancient city of Palmyra 2 days after being driven out. City has completely fallen. Sophisticated Tool Kit Predates Humans The earliest known stone toolkit could write a whole new chapter in the book of human evolution, especially since the tools were not even made by our genus. Iran to UN Israeli defense minister threatened to nuke us Qatar World Cup Campaign To Boycott The 2022 World Cup Underway Leaked Shell Oil documents acknowledge Global Warming is at Twice the International Threshold Merkel can't imagine Russia back in G8 until common values met Ukraine to honor groups that killed Jews in World War II  World Saudi shells hit Yemen aid office, killing 5 refugees local official Net migration to UK reaches 318,000 Mother seeks a groom for her son in India's first gay marriage advert Photographs showing a North Korean missile launched from a submarine were manipulated by state propagandists and the country may be years away from developing such technology, analysts and a top U.S. military official said on Tuesday. Pakistan opens 100MW solar plant, govt plans clean energy drive. Growing economic links with China are helping Pakistan tap into its enormous solar energy potential China warns U.S. surveillance plane near man made islands Revealed BP's close ties with the UK government | Documents show the extent of BPs influence on government policy and how their intimate relationship is at odds with UK commitments to reduce carbon emissions More than half of Syrias territory is now controlled by ISIS after its westwards advance into the ancient city of Palmyra Russian President Vladimir Putin has demanded the timely repayment of all debts owed to it by Ukraine while criticising the latter's move to impose moratorium on state debt repayment. Wages paid to illegal immigrants will be confiscated by the police, says David Cameron France to force big supermarkets to give away unsold food to charity No more bad vision, bionic optics will help humans see 3x better than 20/20 vision EU moves to regulate hormonedamaging chemicals linked to cancer and male infertility were shelved following pressure from US trade officials over the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) free trade deal, newly released documents show. Scientists on Thursday unveiled the most comprehensive analysis ever undertaken of the world's ocean plankton, the tiny organisms that serve as food for marine creatures such as the blue whale, but also provide half the oxygen we breathe. This palm oil company just bulldozed a rainforest Obama US must criticize Israel if it is to defend it Nigerian Muslims Set Court Ablaze Over 'Insult' to Muhammad The Large Hadron Collider smashes energy record with test collisions  13 TeV is a new regime  nobody's been here before  The best thing that could possibly happen is that we find something that nobody has predicted at all Saudi Arabia Wants to Head UN Human Rights Council; Sparks Uproar Saudileaks Yemeni Group Hacks Saudi Gov't, Releases Thousands of Top Secret Documents The Eiffel Tower closed to the public Friday as workers protested a rise in aggressive pickpockets around the Paris landmark that attracts thousands of visitors daily. Efficiency record for black silicon solar cells jumps to 22.1 percent; works exceptionally well on cloudy days CIA torture report wont be released to public, judge rules. Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister This land is ours. All of it is ours. A man has been able to control a robotic limb with a mindreading chip implanted in his brain, allowing him to sip a drink unaided for the first time in 10 years. Two men captured by Ukrainian troops on Saturday have confessed to being members of the Russian armed forces, a report by European mediators says. Ukraine's traffic police director steps down after an investigation reveals monthly salary of 1,000 euros  yet his family enjoys Porches worth $400,000 Voting in the Irish samesex marriage referendum has begun Suicide bomber attacks Shia mosque in Saudi Arabia Saudi oil minister sees eventual end of fossil fuels. In Saudi Arabia, we recognize that eventually, one of these days, we are not going to need fossil fuels, I don't know when, in 2040, 2050... so we have embarked on a program to develop solar energy, UK Home Secretary to reveal plans requiring broadcasting regulator to preapprove content for television, leaked memo reveals Forced Sex Camps Train Girls For Child Marriage In Zambia And Mozambique Top German spy we're dependent on the NSA Gaza economy 'on verge of collapse', with world's highest unemployment  World Bank report says Israeli blockades, war and poor governance have left 43% of people out of work & the strip facing dangerous financial crisis U.S General Many Iraqis believe Washington aiding ISIS Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the suicide bombing in Saudi Arabia's eastern province that killed over 20 people while they prayed at a local mosque. The bombing marks the first time IS has struck inside Saudi Arabia. Ireland Says Yes Early Results Indicate Win for Equal Marriage  Its a historical day for Ireland, Minister for Health Leo Varadkar told RT, adding that if any constituencies voted No, it would only be a handful. Russia Threatens To Ban Facebook, Google And Twitter Unless Companies Turn Over User Data 3,000 children enslaved in Britain after being trafficked from Vietnam Hubble Observes OneofaKind Star Nicknamed Nasty. rapidly aging star whose behavior has never been seen before  Norway overtakes Russia as western Europe's top gas supplier Iran has entered the fight to retake a major Iraqi oil refinery from Islamic State militants, contributing small numbers of troops, including some operating artillery and other heavy weapons in support of advancing Iraqi ground forces Four jailed for life after insulting UAE on Twitter UN nuclear talks fail after USA blocks plans that would make the Middle East a nuclearfree zone Apple and Google Just Attended a Confidential Spy Summit in a Remote English Mansion | The threeday conference included current or former spy chiefs from seven countries, including the US and UK, plus academics and journalists to discuss government surveillance in the aftermath of Snowdens leaks Bank of England secretly researching the financial shocks that could hit Britain if there is a vote to leave the EU News of undercover project emerges after Bank staff accidentally email details to the Guardian including PR notes on how to deny its existence Dutch immigrant children take to street demanding 'white' classmates to aid integration India's Poor cannot pay for 150 years of pollution by West says india's coal minister as India ramps up coal production to reach its target of 1 Billion ton of coal by 2020 Dutch cabinet approves partial ban on Islamic veil in public areas A Chinese App That Steals Wifi Passwords Just Raised $50 Million New Zealand and its spying partners exploited weaknesses in one of the world's most popular mobile browsers and planned to hack into smartphones, according to a Top Secret document leaked this week. Venezuelan young people choose parallel economy(drug trafficking, smuggling) over higher education The watchdog that would have scrutinised the end of the Human Rights Act in the UK just got quietly scrapped Hezbollah shows off its tunnels, claims it is prepared for war with Israel Bermuda Bans Monsanto's Glyphosate Dubais first solarpower and zero waste hotel consisting of 170 rooms will open doors in the first half of 2017 and will have solar buses to transport guests to different locations in the emirate. Endangered species found in UK raid  Haul of taxidermy animals including a tigers head, monkey skulls, reptiles & stuffed birds of prey seized. The arrival from the US of a 'controlled' chameleon preserved in formaldehyde set off the raid. China's richest man didn't lose $15 billion in one hour as originally reportedhe actually had a huge short position in his company's shares Oil companies are subsidized at 10 million a minute. NSA bulk phone records collection to end despite USA Freedom Act failure Qatar refuses to let Nepalese workers return to attend funerals after quake Cuban ebola team nominated for Nobel Peace Prize Isis burns woman alive for refusing to engage in 'extreme' sex act, UN says Visa and CocaCola Respond To Human Rights Concerns About Qatar World Cup Li Hejun  the Chinese billionaire who supposedly lost $15 billion in an hour  actually bet on his company's stock failing. He shortsold more than 800 million shares just days before the stock plummeted. Saudi King Salman vows to 'wipe out' Islamic State after mosque attack Putin bans all 'undesirable' NGOs and sparks international outcry Solar power's exponential growth solar, battery developments soon to become the new black gold Ukraine crisis Rebel commander Alexei Mozgovoi 'killed'  BBC News Mass graves believed to contain bodies of hundreds of migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh have been found in Malaysia, media reported said on Sunday. Police discovered 30 large graves containing the remains of hundreds of people in two places in the northern state of Perlis, which borders Thailand Defense Secretary Ash Carter Iraqis showed no will to fight in Ramadi Norway Creates 'Bumblebee Highway' The Australian government is considering introducing a jihadi watch programme in schools, which would keep tabs on pupils whose behaviour suggests they might have been radicalised Australia Liberal MP calls for referendum on samesex marriage after Ireland vote Choose Deutsche Telekom for all your bargain spying needs | Cable company helped NSA spy on Vienna for a decade, says Austrian MP CIA shuts down program using spy satellites to track climate change Six Months Later, Pentagon Admits (Maybe) We Killed Some Kids in Syria While notable for admitting the possibility it killed two young children, admission called too little, too late by expert who says deathtoll of innocent people far exceeds Pentagon statement British suicide bomber is fifth former pupil of same school to die waging Jihad Giant Sinkholes Continue to Grow and Multiply in Russian City A Somali member of parliament has been shot dead in Mogadishu in an attack by suspected Islamist militants Church in Ireland needs 'reality check' after gay marriage vote Shiite militia, Iraqi army launch counteroffensive at Ramadi Greece 'cannot afford IMF repayment' in June  minister China prepares to launch cuttingedge national carbon market to fight climate change PM Greece will not accept 'humiliatingailout terms EU dropped plans for safer pesticides because of TTIP and pressure from US Man who forced French supermarkets to donate food wants to take law global After Ireland's citizens voted overwhelmingly in favor of marriage equality in a historic referendum, members of Germany's Green party have called for the recognition of samesex marriage in Germany as well Onethird of endangered saiga antelope mysteriously die off in a few days, up to 85,000 dead David Cameron warned he faces backbench rebellion over plans to scrap Human Rights Act  He will face ministerial resignations and a large backbench rebellion if he pushes ahead with plans to dilute Britains obligations under the Convention on Human Rights, senior Conservatives have warned. Top Iranian Major General Qassem Soleimani US didnt do damn thing against IS in Ramadi and Only Iran is confronting Islamic State Filmed on Skype... the chilling exchange between reporter posing as a child and Islamic State fighter from London who told her 'When I pick you up, I am going to be picking you up as my wife' Egypt says it has discovered 521 tunnels into Gaza Strip Russias Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin publicly threatened EU Tanks do not need visas Leading Sunni Muslim body AlAzhar said Sunday the world must unite in a battle of all humanity to prevent the Islamic State group from destroying Syria's ancient city of Palmyra Russia Plans to Use Prison Labor for 2018 World Cup BP would need to bring equipment from Texas to contain South Australia oil spill | Internal documents show BP would have to transport a containment response system 14,000km in the event of a spill in the Great Australian Bight Chinese officials have been sent on prison tours visiting inmates including former colleagues as a warning against corruption. Newcomer Andrzej Duda wins presidental election in Poland New method may bring fusion power out of always 50 years away rut, abandons donut shape/tokamak reactor Erdoan blasts New York Times Who are you? Know your place Over 500 dead across India as heat wave sets in, Telangana's Khammam sizzles at 48 degrees Christians Join Forces With Muslim Group Hezbollah to Fight ISIS in Lebanon Spanish regional elections see a surge in leftwing parties in the widest political landscape since Franco's death. It now appears that Madrid and Barcelona, Spain's two largest cities, will be driven by the priorities of antiestablishment parties with roots in Spains indignado movement. Foreign taxpayers named by Switzerland | Switzerland has begun online publication of names of foreigners and foreign firms wanted in tax probes by their countries of origin, including Germany. American citizens are identified only by their initials. Turtle gets a 3D printed titanium jaw, now looks like a supervillain France bans supermarkets from throwing away or destroying edible food. Malaysian police say 139 suspected migrant grave sites found along the Thai border Young Pakistani men flee UK and flood into Ireland Tenfold surge in asylum applications from Pakistani nationals, mainly single males, has led to urgent talks between the immigration authorities here and the UK Home Office. U.S. Defense Secretary Blames Iraqi Forces for ISIS Victory in Ramadi Wikipedia edits from inside Parliament removing scandals from MPs' pages, investigation finds. Ecstasy may soon be a treatment for social anxiety among autistic adults. Iran launches antiIsis cartoon competition 'to expose true nature of Islamic State' ISIS kidnaps North Korean couple living in Libya Thousands of Mexico City taxi drivers snarled traffic in the megacapital on Monday in a protest demanding that the government ban US ridesharing service Uber Huge and growing debt  and not enough young working people to pay it down  is threatening to crush the global economy, a Goldman Sachs executive is warning. A Turkish MIT (Intelligence Agency) Operative fighting alongside ISIS captured in Mosul, Iraq by Peshmerga fighters. If your country were responsible for only 0.05 percent of the world's climatechanging emissions, you might not think it worth making a plan to curb that pollution  especially when you still need to get electricity to much of your population. But the Gambian government thinks otherwise UN Officials Didn't Follow Up On Sex Abuse Claims For Months, But Whistleblower Was Punished India rescues children from traffickers exploiting Nepal earthquake aftermath. Poachers have killed nearly half of Mozambique's elephants for their ivory in the past five years, the US based Wildlife Conservation Society said Tuesday. A Mozambique gov'tbacked survey showed a dramatic 48% decline in elephant numbers from just over 20,000 to an estimated 10,300. Irish Vote for Same Sex Marriage Blacked Out in Cuba A volcano atop one of the Galapagos Islands has erupted for the first time in 33 years, threatening a fragile ecosystem that inspired Charles Darwin's theory of evolution India heatwave death toll reaches 800 Release of Orangutan Person from Zoo this Week Would be Unprecedented Worldwide  Court in Argentina decides whether to release Sandra, 29, from the Buenos Aires Zoo, after she receives nonhuman person status Warning issued after New Zealand's Maui dolphin numbers drop below 50 Two oil companies announced Monday the temporary shuttering of their Canadian oil sands mines and the evacuation of hundreds of staff as a massive forest fire creeped close Beheaded Corpses Said to be Lining Streets of Ancient Syrian City Seized by Islamic State Turkey's ruling AK Party is seen losing its parliamentary majority in a June 7 election and may have to form a coalition government, according to the results of a survey by pollster SONAR seen by Reuters on Monday. Syrian Air Force kills more than 140 ISIS members in air raid on base in IS capital of Raqqa IT chief at Bangladesh CocaCola unit arrested as Islamic State suspect An IT manager at a subsidiary of CocaCola Co (KO.N) was one of two men arrested in Bangladesh on suspicion of planning to fight for Islamic State in Syria, police and company sources said on Monday. South African man creates petition to EU to allow Whites to return to Europe New Zealand troops to remain in Iraq despite Islamic State advance Australian Parliament to vote on SameSex Marriage Hezbollah seizes 2 hills (Qubaa and Naqar) from Al Qaeda in Syrias Quneitra Governorate, right on Israels doorstep, and killed dozens of Al Qaeda fighters Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak says the NSA whistleblower gave up his own life . . . to help the rest of us. FIFA Officials Arrested on Corruption Charges; Face Extradition to U.S. Scottish Government creationism banned from science class UK's biggest male rape charity Survivors UK has state funding slashed to zero despite 120% rise in men reporting sexual violence and seeking help Fifa 'took bribes for 2010 World Cup' Vatican says Ireland gay marriage vote is 'defeat for humanity.' A court in eastern China fined a manufacturer of weed killer 75 million yuan and imprisoned employees of the company and its contractors for discharging wastewater that severely polluted streams. Israel asking U.S. for 50% increase in next defense assistance package UK porn filters could be illegal under EU ruling Parliament in Greenland unanimously approves samesex marriage Psychedelic drugs should be legally reclassified, medical uses explored  academics  Psychedelic drugs such as magic mushrooms and LSD should be legally reclassified so researchers can investigate their potential medical uses 1,433 men  including 76 politicians, 43 music stars and 135 TV, film or radio entertainers  have been identified by abuse survivors. Erdogan's palace declared illegal by Turkish court The Turkish Supreme Court has ruled that the construction of an 1,100room palace by President Erdogan was illegal. The palace was constructed on protected land. U.N. Reports About 200 Million Fewer Hungry People Today Than in 1990 U.S. Accuses Soccer Officials of Decades of Rampant, Systemic and DeepRooted Corruption Elons SpaceX Gets Certified For National Security Launches Hamas used its 2014 Gaza war with Israel to settle scores with rival Palestinians, executing at least 23 and arresting and torturing dozens of others in possible war crimes, Amnesty International said Wednesday. AdBlock Plus secures another court victory in Germany Scientists are planning to ship ice to the Antarctic. They're afraid that mountain glaciers around the world are melting as a result of climate change and want to store samples of ice in a new vault in the coldest place on Earth. ISIS most dangerous sniper in Ramadi killed by Iraqi police Hamas Is Accused of Killing and Torturing Palestinians Over 70% of Everest glacier may be lost by 2100 Rocket sirens sound in southern Israel, at least one confirmed to not be a false alarm The world is sinking under too much debt and an ageing global population means countries' debt piles are in danger of growing out of control, the European chief executive of Goldman Sachs Asset Management has warned. Iraqi Militia forces capture 100's of ISIS fighters in Anbar, Ramadi after strategic trap (MIC) Nike becomes suspected player in alleged $150 million FIFA bribery scandal Visa threatens to ditch FIFA as sponsor Russia's army is massing troops and hundreds of pieces of weaponry including mobile rocket launchers, tanks and artillery at a makeshift base near the border with Ukraine, a Reuters reporter saw this week. Many of the vehicles have number plates and identifying marks removed New Evidence Shows Police Did Massacre 42 in Michoacan, Mexico Vladimir Putin suggests FIFA probe is a U.S. plot to take 2018 World Cup away from Russia Its so hot in India right now the roads are literally melting At least 1,100 dead in monthlong heatwave Cuban Life Expectancy Among the Highest in World at 78.45 Years U.S.trained commander of Tajikistan's elite police force has defected to Islamic State German court rules against Yemeni men whose innocent relatives were killed in a US drone strike, saying Germany had no obligation to stop US from launching attacks at German base Ireland worse than pagans for legalising gay marriage, says senior cardinal U.S. IRS tax data hack traced to Russia. Norway's sovereign wealth fund accused of 'pretend divestment'  Worlds richest sovereign wealth fund has sunk more money into coal just 3 months after a highprofile pledge to dump fossil fuels as part of its commitment to responsible investing IsraelTexas researchers win top desalination award  Winners of USAID Desal Prize will pay forward their $125,000 prize money and expertise to build water plant in Jordan Moldova president We prefer Europe to Russia Ecuador seized around 200,000 shark fins and arrested three suspected traffickers at the country's main fishing port,the government said Wednesday [27 May 2015]. Interior Minister Jose Serrano announced the seizure on Twitter, posting pictures of rows, piles and bags of the darkcolored shark fins Sepp Blatter holds emergency Fifa meeting Dutch ok partial ban on Islamic veils The Dutch cabinet has approved a proposal for a partial ban on facecovering Islamic veils on public transport and in public areas such as schools and hospitals. Russia Sees U.S. Conspiracy Against World Cup Plans in FIFA Scandal Pentagon Accidentally Sends Live Anthrax to Nine States And South Korea Nigerian Army dismisses 200 soldiers for cowardice Mafia boss Pasquale Scotti arrested in Brazil after 31 years on the run. Former leader of Camorra syndicate in Italy who is wanted for more than two dozen murders detained by police while taking his children to school in Recife. Russia would be able to occupy Baltics in two days Czech general 'New species' of ancient human found Kurds liberate Christian villages from Islamic State in Syrian Kurdistan Like an ocean liner without lifeboats HSBCs dire warning for global economy Video footage showing trucks belonging to Turkey's intelligence service carrying weapons en route to Jihadists in Syria were published Friday in a Turkish daily.The trucks were carrying a total of 1000 mortar shells, 80000 rounds of ammunition for heavy weapons and hundreds of grenade launchers UN says encryption necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom The US removes Cuba from terror list Solid gold bongs used by kings 2,400 years ago are dug up in Russia Number of hungry people worldwide drops below 800 million for the first time since the UN started counting Alberta creationist discovers rare fish fossils in basement dig  Paleontologist estimates fossils to be 60 million years old, but discoverer says it's more like 4,500 years China is building sand islands in South China Sea in effort to claim hundreds of miles of sea from its shores creating tension in the region New HIV Study Was So Dramatic, It Had To Be Stopped Early  New research has global implications for the way HIVpositive people receive treatment. ISIS destroys famous lion god statue at Syrian city of Palmyra Bangladeshi blogger named on hitlist warned 'You will be next'  Ananya Azad is a writer critical of intolerance and religious fundamentalism, a career that has landed him on a hitlist containing the names of 84 atheist bloggers WikiLeaks Releases 500K U.S. Cables from 1978 on Iran, Sandinistas, Afghanistan, Israel & More US to Russia Fifa corruption inquiry has nothing to do with you Turkish daily probed over scoop on Syriabound intelligence (MIT) trucks. The newspaper revealed the banned photographs of arms, which were claimed to be humanitarian aid to Turkmens, transported to Syria. German party exempts Muslim students from requirement to visit concentration camps Britain's Secret Terror Deals 'Truly disturbing' BBC Panorama allegations of British state colluding with terrorists must be fully investigated, says Amnesty International Swedish fathers to get third month of paid paternity leaveCountry already offers 16month parental leave which can be taken by either mothers or fathers, with two months set aside for dads The United Arab Emirates's oil and gas supplies expected to dry up within 50 years. They are diversifying the economy with a focus on space research and aim to reach Mars by 2021. Erdoan publicly targets a Turkish journalist over Twitter post Hamas forces in the Gaza Strip committed serious human rights abuses including abductions, torture and extrajudicial killings of Palestinian civilians, Amnesty International report says The report says noone had been brought to account for the abuses, suggesting they were officially sanctioned. China, Russia vow to boost ties by linking development initiatives Leaders agreed to boost strategic coordination and cooperation, and to link China's Silk Road Economic Belt with the development of the Eurasian Economic Union Fifa bomb threat Swiss authorities confirm a bomb threat has been made at the Fifa congress United Nations Official Pushing to Include Israel Defence Forces on Terror Blacklist Suicide bomber, two people killed outside a Shi'ite Mosque in Saudi  witnesses. Three people were killed on Friday when a suicide bomber tried to enter a Shi'ite Muslim mosque in eastern Saudi Arabia, witnesses said, the second attack of its kind in a week. Alleged Ukrainian nazi war criminal Vladimir Katriuk, wanted by Russia and Jewish groups but sheltered by Canada dies in Quebec Female Jihadis In Syria Find Themselves Unable To Return To Their Home Countries FIFA president Sepp Blatter reelected despite corruption scandal after opponent concedes. Paris to remove close to a million love locks left by romantic couples on Pont de Arts bridge 7.8 magnitude earthquake shakes buildings in Tokyo Germany Shines Light on Rape by Troops Who Beat Nazis  New research by a German academic alleges that rape by U.S., British, French and Canadian forces was more commonplace than previously believed. ISIS committed five million human right abuses in five months Two Saudi young men killed while stopping an ISIS suicide bomber from killing hundreds in Shia Mosque Fifa corruption Sepp Blatter blasts US authorities over investigation UNESCO heritage experts decide not to list Great Barrier Reef as 'in danger' Germany passes Japan to have world's lowest birth rate  study US demands immediate halt to South China Sea reclamations Beijings About to Roll Out Its Harshest Smoking Ban Ever Smoking will be banned everywhere from the Great Wall to Beijings bars starting June 1 Prince Ali after FIFA vote I want to thank in particular all of those who were brave enough to support me US sent live anthrax to Australia in military shipment ISIS Sets Its Sights on Saudi Arabia A Syrian Christian fighter has beheaded an Islamic State group (IS) militant to avenge people executed by the jihadists in northeastern Syria Bill Nye's LightSail has lost contact with Earth Israel could join ISIS in a UN list of groups and states that harm children. Majority of Irish people want to remain in EU, even if UK leaves Pakistan Gunmen storm two bus near Mastung, butcher 19 passengers Ecuador seizes huge illegal shark fin haul U.S. Bell helicopters to be assembled in Russia despite sanctions Russia bans 89 European politicians from entering the country US orders anthrax review after more live shipments discovered IRS Criminal Investigation Chief on FIFA I'm fairly confident that we will have another round of indictments. Ukraine appoints Georgia expresident Mikheil Saakashvili governor of Odessa Boy survives being trapped underwater for 42 minutes. Doctors used a technique called extracorporeal membrane oxygenation to extract oxygendeprived blood, warm it up and add oxygen, before pumping it back in. Kazakhstan city's local council accidentally puts thousands of marijuana plants along city flowerbed India heat wave kills more than 2,100 Jewish sect's ban on women drivers is 'completely unacceptable in modern Britain' says Education Secretary Nicky Morgan A team of U.S. scientists involved a project backed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has conducted (deep) exploration of the ocean floor off the coast of Puerto Rico and discovered previously unknown marine creatures. French Constitutional Court rules unconstituional to cut water from people unable to pay, making it effectively unconstitutional to block water access to anyone 6,000 aboriginal children died in 'cultural genocide' in Canadian residential school system, officials say UK banks launch Fifa investigation into whether they were used for corrupt payments Stephen Hawking money not there for students with my kind of condition A deadly virus with no known cure  Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, or MERS  has infected 13 people in South Korea since midMay. The fast spread of the disease, from the first case confirmed on May 20 to more than a dozen by Saturday, is prompting criticism of health officials Seoul Police ban upcoming Korean LGBT Pride Parade Women barred from voting in elections in parts of Pakistan ISIS militants complain of Saudi favoritism in suicide missions Saudi friends, family members favored on suicide waiting lists letting others to get killed in battle  a less noble way to die. U.N. Report Asserts Encryption As A Human Right In The Digital Age Internationallyrenowned scientist and biologist Ameenah GuribFakim becomes Mauritius' first female President India afraid Islamic State may get access to Pakistans nuclear arms The sudden deaths of tens of thousands of endangered antelopes in exSoviet Kazakhstan over the past two weeks have left scientists scrambling for answers and conservationists worried about the animal's future ISIS threatens more attacks against Shiites in Saudi Arabia; ISIS ordered its soldiers everywhere to kill the enemies of religion, especially the Shiites Child Sex Abuse Claims Shake UN as Revelations Continue Isis Kidnaps Another 500 Children to Use Them for 'Suicide Attacks' The French branch of the Red Cross could be facing a huge fine and compensation payout after falling foul of the countrys strict rules on working hours some 3,800 violations of working hours regulations, involving 480 employees at its Paris headquarters. Greeks desert banks as country battles crisis Irish Media, Fearing Lawsuits, Steers Clear of a Billionaire China rejects US criticism of sea reclamations MP is caught watching porn on his phone during parliamentary debate... and even shares it with his colleagues so they can view it over his shoulder in Brazil Nigeria Outlaws Female Genital Mutilation Petition asks US President, Congress, DoD not to bomb Tinian and Pagan islands for military training. The US Navy has plans to bomb these islands as part of a training exercise, obliterating their rare coral ecosystems, wildlife, and important historic artifacts. Obama Ordered to Release Guantanamo ForceFeeding Video Erdogan threatens the journalist, who leaked the pictures of weapon delivery to Syria,  He will pay a heavy price for this, I will not leave go of him!  . Journalist replies The person who committed this crime (weapon delivery) will pay a heavy price. We (turkish people) will not let go of him ExFifa vice president Jack Warner swallows Onion spoof; Football executive uses story from satirical website as basis for defending Fifa against US The Canadian Bar Association, representing over 36,000 lawyers, calls on citizens to protest against Bill C51, which is a threat to the rule of law Beijing bans smoking in public starting from June 1st. Saudi Arabia may face 65C (149 Fahrenheit) temperatures during Ramadan Fifa crisis South Africa 'admits $10m football payout' Scientists hail 'new era' for cancer treatment after 'spectacular' drug trials  The treatment, which harnesses the body's immune system to attack cancerous cells, could replace chemotherapy as the standard treatment for cancer within the next five years, it was suggested. England should boycott the 2018 World Cup because someone needs to take a stand against corruption in Fifa and military aggression by Russia, Andy Burnham, the favourite to be the next Labour leader, has said. Nearly 60% of South Koreans view Japan as military threat joint survey A pigeon has been arrested in India on suspicion of spying for Pakistan Lion leaps through car window, killing American tourist in South African park  Iraqi security forces lost 2,300 Humvee armored vehicles when ISIS overran the northern city of Mosul Qatar World Cup Now In Doubt, Sepp Blatter ReElection As FIFA President Causes Major Rifts Brussels 30 Muslim girls denied entry to school for wearing long skirts. Tim BernersLee urges Britain to fight 'snooper's charter' | Inventor of world wide web also advised developing world to just say no to Facebooks Internet.org scheme Stone throwers could be jailed for 10 years under new Israeli bill Spain to Permanently Host 2,500 US Troops at Moron Air Base NSA says it will keep phone records even if surveillance program ends Russia is using fake satellite images to blame Ukraine for the downing of MH17 according to a forensic study by an investigative website Under Cover Of Conflict, Hamas Killed Palestinians, Amnesty Alleges Japan Pension System Hacked, 1.25 Million Cases of Personal Data Leaked Canada's justice minister quits in blow to PM Harper Fifa corruption Qatar says investigations are racist, antiArab and show 'ugly face' of countries who lost 2022 World Cup bid Homosexuality Decriminalised in Mozambique WikiLeaks announces $100K bounty for the TPP text | WikiLeaks announced an effort to crowdsource a $100,000 reward for the remaining chapters of the TransPacific Partnership trade deal, after the organization published three draft chapters of the deal in recent years. Meth is now cheaper than a meal at Burger King in much of Asia. LSD Trials underway in UK to see if it cures depression and addiction Scientists Start $150 Billion Program to Cut CleanEnergy Costs. The 10year plan, known as the Global Apollo Programme to Combat Climate Change, will fund research into renewables, power storage and smartgrid technologies to make them cheaper than fossil fuel Chinese ship sinks with at least 400 on board Charges against Edward Snowden stand, despite telephone surveillance ban Thanks to Vladimir Putin, Amur tigers are roaring back in Russias Far East The British security service MI5 shielded and blackmailed child sex abusers involved in a paedophile ring at a notorious Belfast care home, the High Court heard on Monday. A Yazidi teenager who was sold to an ISIS fighter has described how she was beaten and gangraped and forced to recite verses from the Koran on a daily basis in a harrowing account of her nine month ordeal. Church of England 'one generation away from extinction' after dramatic loss of followers  UK  News  The Independent Brazil becomes 24th country to recognize Armenian Genocide Berlin becomes first German city to make rent cap a reality Snowden wins prize  invited to Norway Australia Minimum wage increased to $17.29/hour Fifa corruption Sepp Blatter's righthand man Jerome Valcke 'sent' $10m payment to Jack Warner in letter from the South African FA Researchers Find Missing Link Between the Brain and Immune SystemIn a stunning discovery that overturns decades of textbook teaching, researchers...have determined that the brain is directly connected to the immune system by vessels previously thought not to exist Isis Assassinates Senior Hamas Commander; Threatens to Kill More 'One by One' President Erdogan Vows To Quit If Gold Toilets Found in his 400m palace. Pirate Bay CoFounder Fredrik Neij Released From Prison Womans fight against genital mutilation, honor killing gets big boost from Google boss Ayaan Hirsi Ali won over Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt, along with his personal pledge of $100,000, in her fight to put a stop to female genital mutilation and honor killings. Russia Threatens to Deploy Nuclear Weapons in Crimea Australian MPs allowed to see TPP trade deal text but can't reveal contents for four years 10,000 Arabs driven out by Kurdish ethnic cleansing in Syria