 Two Rhino Poachers Killed at Assam's Kaziranga National Park  An Assam Home Guard, part of the force that guards rhinos at National Parks, was also killed by the poachers. Japanese student kidnapped and gang raped for 3 weeks in India Israeli settlers stone two cars belonging to US consulate staff The Palestinians submitted documents to the United Nations to join the International Criminal Court on Friday, a highstakes move that will soon enable them to pursue warcrimes charges against Israel. Metal Detector Enthusiast finds one of the biggest hoards of ancient coins in British history. Firefighters in South Australia and Victoria are battling outofcontrol bushfires, with warnings today's conditions in the Adelaide Hills are the worst since Ash Wednesday more than 30 years ago. People smugglers adopt new ghost ship tactic | People smugglers appear to be adopting more dangerous methods to transport migrants to Europe abandoning ships loaded with people after setting them on a collision course for the coast. Record number of rhino killed in Africa. It is estimated than nearly 4 times more rhinos were slain for their horns in 2014 than in 2010. Argentina's highest court has approved the extradition of a former FEMA spokesman who claims the U.S. government helped frame him for murder because a video he took of Ground Zero after the 2001 terrorist attacks proves U.S. complicity An investigation into the disappearance of half a billion dollar's worth of bitcoins from the Tokyobased exchange MtGox has found that 99% of the funds were stolen by someone within the firm. White House sanctions North Korea over Sony hack Evidence of What Killed off the Mayan Civilization thought to be present in the Blue Hole Archaeologists discover enormous ancient reproduction of the mythical Tomb of Osiris in Egypt. Norse Corp, cybersecurity firm, cites specific evidence of insider job surrounding Sony hack. Judge hushes up Erdoans link to alQadi in hearing into bugging case AirAsia flight QZ8501 airline was not allowed to fly route, says Indonesia Swedish Mosque Plastered With Hearts In Show Of Solidarity With Muslim Community After Attack More than 17,000 civilians killed in Iraq in 2014 After more than a decade of development, China's first homegrown airliner has finally earned approval from the country's government to carry passengers. Motherhood not a career for men Turkish health minister Egypt border guards shoot Gaza man dead Opponent of Nicaragua canal says he was badly beaten by police Bishop Calls On Catholic Church To Recognize SameSex Relationships Ukraine Nationalists March in Kiev to Honor Bandera Canadian ISPs and VPNs Now Have to Alert Pirating Customers AirAsia plane engine dies just before takeoff from Surabaya. 90% of passengers refuse to reembark plane for takeoff after problem was rectified Merkel prepared to let Greece exit eurozone report Iran's elite Revolutionary Guards Corps thwarted a Mossad assassination attempt against one of its nuclear scientists, a senior Iranian security official said on Saturday. Chinese demand for tiger wine and skins puts wild cats in peril France most notorious and internationally bestknown novelist Michel Houellebecq insisted Saturday that his new book Submission, which envisions a future France ruled by a Muslim government, is not a farright racist scare story Taxpayersill for policing WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's twoyear stay in Ecuadorian embassy soars to 9MILLION Ship collision causes 33,000 barrel oil spill off Singapore Jews Leaving Europe For Israel In Record Numbers Following ICC application, Israel freezes Palestinian tax funds Thatcher confidant raped boy and police covered crime up  Telegraph Less than 48 hours after the Coast Guard destroyed a boat it suspected was ferrying explosives and terrorists from Pakistan into Indian waters, new evidence has begun to emerge that those on board might have been liquor and diesel smugglers French mayor shows mercy after baby Roma girl denied burial spot | A French mayor has granted a burial place to a baby Roma girl, after the family were refused permission in a neighboring town. Staunchly conservative mayor Richard Trinquier said it was a question of humanity. Armenia Joins RussiaLed Eurasian Economic Union A New Zealander is Facing Four Years in a Burmese Prison for Insulting Buddhism Boko Haram 'seizes Nigerian army base' Iran says no to new law on hijab, saying it is unconstitutional Israel won't let its soldiers be dragged to ICC Islamist militants have abducted 20 Egyptian Christians in Libya in recent days Many of Spains small businesses are being wiped out after New Years Day Major search after ship overturns off north of Scotland Iran must end isolation for economy to boom Rouhani Intelligence agencies have warned that a DelhiKabul flight may be hijacked by terrorists. The input is 'quite specific' and also mentions that an Air India flight could be targeted. Indian airports on high alert Indian and Pakistani Guards Trade Fire on Disputed Border Saudi Arabian King Abdullah, 90, hospitalised with pneumonia in Riyadh Buckingham Palace 'emphatically denies' Prince Andrew sex claims Moscow&gt;Beijing high speed train will reduce trip time to 48 hours, from the current 7 days Two ancient tombs were discovered in Egypt on Sunday, with one representing a symbolic burial site of the god Osiris while another is claimed to be a previously unknown pharaonic tomb. China complains to Pyongyang after N Korean soldier kills villagers | World news Scotland Headed Towards Being Fossil FuelFree by 2030  Renewable energy projects combined with energy savings could decarbonise the countrys power sector. We need to see the phasing out of conventional generation in Scotland. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday he will express remorse for Japans actions in World War II while highlighting the countrys bid to contribute more actively to world peace in his statement marking the 70th anniversary of the wars end in August. Sex slave at centre of Prince Andrew scandal fled to Australia as a teen Gay relative of Hamas founder faces deportation from Canada Christian convert, 24, whose five uncles were jailed in Israel for terror activity, says hell be killed if forced to return to West Bank The number of female drug addicts in Iran has almost doubled since 2007, with more than 50% starting between the ages of 15 and 19 After Decades of Searching, the Causeway for the Great Pyramid of Egypt has been Found India lost 64 tigers in 2014 Lizard Squad hacking of Sony was huge marketing scheme to launch Lizard Stresser, a paid hacking service. Russia 'may face chaos' if extra sanctions imposed Germany The Saudi air and land forces carry out an attack on ISIS within its territory ISIL is reportedly setting up a bank in attempt to 'legitimatise' itself as a nation state Israel to brand antiassimilation group Lehava as terrorists The Islamic State has approved a 2015 budget of $2 billion, with an expected surplus of $250 million and has opened an Islamic Bank in Mosul. The budget reportedly includes monthly wages for the poor, disabled and families of individuals killed in airstrikes carried out by USled coalition forces Iceland To Withdraw EU Application, Lift Capital Controls Blackfield Capital Founder Goes Missing The value of the ruble isn't the only thing that is vanishing in Russia. A Moscow hedge fund chief executive has disappeared, along with all the money in the firm's accounts Rocket stage crashes back to Earth in rural Chinese village. 2 Dead as Aircraft Bombs Greek Tanker in Libyan Port Belgian murderer Frank Van Den Bleeken to die at own request. A Belgian murderer and rapist serving a life sentence is to be allowed to die by lethal injection next Sunday following a ruling under laws in Belgium permitting people to request euthanasia. Czech President criticizes Ukrainian PM; says Yatsenyuk is 'prime minister of war' 3 Vietnamese jets join search for 16 missing Filipinos in Bahamian cargo ship sinking France seeks end to Russia sanctions over Ukraine China scraps rare earths caps US oil falls below $50 a barrel Toyota gives away 5,680 fuel cell patents to build 'gamechanging' car of the future Young Indian couple who had been granted police protection because relatives did not approve are hacked to death when officers refused to carry out judges orders A senior figure in Islamic States selfdeclared police force in Syria, which has carried out beheadings, was himself found decapitated in the eastern province of Deir alZor Fukushima rice passes radiation tests for 1st time since disaster Nearly all Spanish parties guilty of financial crimes, Audit Court finds King Abdullah to abdicate Saudi Throne Taliban Commander Caught Networking On LinkedIn Mexican missing students mayor's wife charged with organized crime and money laundering New York Times reporter James Risen refused on Monday to answer all but a few basic questions in court about his book detailing a failed CIA effort to undermine Iran's nuclear weapons program, in a case that has become a flashpoint for press freedom. S. Korea sends sweet potatoes to N. Korea for nutritional aid Turkey Dutch journalist Frederike Geerdink detained on 'terrorism propaganda' charges KUALA LUMPUR, Jan 4  Islam prohibits its married men from being the homemaker in the family, the governments Malaysian Institute of Islamic Understanding (Ikim) has said Iraqi MP'Iran and their Top General, Qassem Suleimani, saved Baghdad from falling to IS' Pakistan offers $100,000 bounty for Taliban leader Thousands of Indians have fled from their homes as fighting between India and Pakistan spread along a 200km (124 mile) stretch of the border in the disputed region of Kashmir. Turkey sacks judges who oversaw Erdogan corruption probeaccused of abusing their authority SpaceX Falcon 9 launch and recovery has been aborted. Next launch window could be as early as Friday. CNN Americans charged in botched Gambia coup Islamic State 'Police' Official Beheaded. Libya bans Palestinians from country to prevent entry of terrorists A judicial inquiry was opened in France on Monday into how inmates at one of the countrys most notorious prisons were able to take photos of themselves posing with drugs, money and other contraband and upload them onto Facebook Video has captured the moment a cameraman was hurled backwards as he filmed an exploding fireworks factory in a small town in Colombia. Syria has complained to the United Nations that U.S. Republican Senator John McCain, former French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner and former U.S. diplomat Peter Galbraith entered the country without visas in violation of its sovereignty. Tests over, India set to make the iris of biggest telescope ever 'Shots fired' at French magazine HQ 90% of Bibi Netanyahus Campaign Funds From U.S. ISIS behead street magician for entertaining crowds in Syria with his tricks Denmark sets new world record in renewable energy production by covering 39% of the country's total electricity consumption in 2014 through wind power. ISIS Closes Schools In Syria, Leaving 670000 Children Without Education UN The European Union wants Turkey to explain how human traffickers could have taken two cargo ships filled with migrants out of the country and towards the EU without the authorities noticing. 10 people have died in a shooting at the headquarters of the French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo Most Earthlike planet ever discovered could be a cosy home for alien life | The planet, named Kepler 438b, is slightly larger than Earth and circles an orange dwarf star that bathes it in 40% more heat than our home planet receives from the sun. New questions raised about U.S.Saudi relationship. The 28 pages. U.S. legislators pushing to know more about alleged Saudi role in 9/11 Massive hunt underway for gunmen in Paris terror attack 2014 Was Officially the Hottest Year on Record. And all 10 of the hottest years on record have come after 1998 Chinese authorities have isolated and separated families of Shanghai stampede victims to keep them from organizing; only allow them 5 minutes of mourning at the site and drag them away if they get too emotional German antiMuslim protesters rally despite Merkel plea China encourages environmental groups to sue polluters Groups that work to fight polluters judicially will gain special status and have court fees reduced, Supreme Peoples Court says United Nations Secretary General Ban Kimoon says Palestine will join international Criminal Court on April 1st. Discovery of witnesss mutilated body feeds claims of state killings in Kenya | The gruesome murder of a man who had been due to testify in the ICC trial of Kenyas deputy president, William Ruto, has fed accusations that the government is orchestrating the killing of witnesses. Radical Islam a growing threat to subSaharan Christians report Tony Blair may 'face war crime charges' over Iraq.The delay in the publication of the Chilcot inquiry into the Iraq War has made people believe Tony Blair could face war crimes charges, ministers have been warned. Benjamin Netanyahu says settlements unlikely to be dismantled if he's elected again as Israel 's PM Tasmania moves to allow corporations to sue protesters for defamation Indonesia search chief Tail section of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 found  Flight recorders inside Tail section North Korean Defector Bureau 121 Hackers located in Shenyang, China. Female suicide bomber attacks police station in Istanbul. IS to turn Syria schools into religious indoctrination centers | Over 670,000 children have been deprived of education after the Islamic State ordered schools to be closed. Schools will be reopened only after the curriculum is Islamicized, with religion replacing standard subjects. Ebola vaccine trials in Halifax so far a success New Charlie Hebdo issue to come out next week It's very hard. We are all suffering, with grief, with fear, but we will do it anyway because stupidity will not win. Ahmed Merabet, Cop Killed In Paris Attacks, Was Muslim Youngest Suspect in Charlie Hebdo Attack Turns Himself In Grenades thrown at a mosque in Le Mans, west of Paris Danish newspaper to print Charlie Hebdo cartoons on Islam Muslim politician from India offers $8M to Charlie Hebdo attackers Vladimir Putin has condemned a deadly terrorist attack in Paris, and confirmed Moscows readiness to continue cooperation with France in battling terrorism. Putin also expressed his condolences to the victims' families and wished the injured a speedy recovery. Turkey is trying to hide any evidence that holds Turkish leaders responsible for the support of terrorist groups, especially the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), Turkish media is reporting. Danish Paper That Published 12 Muhammad Cartoons Boosts Security Two Charlie Hebdo attackers located in north France French imam urges Muslims to protest over Paris attack Policewoman shot by gunman near Paris dies police Shooting heard on the outskirts of Paris, 1 officer severely injured Nobody was reported killed by fighting in Syria on Wednesday, the first day without casualties in three years, after a fierce winter storm quelled violence Time to crack down on 'Islamophobia', Turkey's Erdogan tells EU Thousands in Europe hold up Pens in Solidarity after terrorist attack Journalists race to show solidarity with 'Charlie Hebdo' after terror attack Antibiotics US discovery labelled 'gamechanger' for world medicine The Charlie Hebdo attack condemned by Saudi Arabia, Iran, Arab League, and many other Muslim states, as well as by Union of Islamic Organizations of France. Brisbane man wearing I'm with stupid tshirt stands with LNP election campaigners, arrested by 10 officers for public nuisance Fourth Russian General Commits Suicide in Less Than a Year it bears a startling similarity to at least three other recent cases of retired Russian generals committing suicide last year Meteorite turns night into day over Bucharest, Romania Israeli doctors implant Syrian man with titanium jaw in pioneering procedure. Unusual Metal Recovered from Ancient Greek Shipwreck39 ingots found in 2,600yrold wreck. Metal is being called orichalcum, a legendary metal philosopher Plato attributed to Atlantis. Nothing similar has ever been found. We knew orichalcum from ancient texts & a few ornamental objects. Young mother let terrorists into Charlie Hebdo building after threat against daughter Muslim politician from India who offered $8M to Charlie Hebdo attackers has been booked for inciting violence. Russia has listed transsexual and transgender people among those who will no longer qualify for driving licences. French government donates $1.2 million to ensure Charlie Hebdo lives on Hezbollah Secretary General Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah 'The Actions of Takfiri groups like Al Qaeda and The Islamic State offended Prophet Mohammad more than the Charlie Hebdo Cartoons mocking him' Charlie Hebdo hunt Shots fired as police chase car  possible hostages taken Islamic State brags We did Paris  tomorrow will be in Britain, America In wake of Charlie Hebdo attacks, secularist groups to seek end of Canadas blasphemy law Saudi Arabia to flog man 1,000 times for insulting religion on Facebook Websites of towns near Paris hacked, replaced with ISIS flag Indian Government fires employee who skipped work for 24 years Egypt's President Calls For A 'Revolution' In Islam The UK is now more religiously diverse than ever but at the same time the number of people with no religion is at an alltime high Britain's MI5 chief warns al Qaeda in Syria planning mass attacks on West Top Iranian cleric condemns Paris shooting We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in France and believe that Islam does not allow the killing of innocent people, be it in Paris, Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Paksitan or Afghanistan Ayatollah Seyyed Ahmad Khatami said The US will send its highestlevel delegation in decades to Havana later this month, for talks on migration and normalizing relations between the countries after decades of cold war hostility. Israel won't recognize Armenian genocide, says ambassador Bodies littered on the streets after Boko Haram attack on Baga North Korea warns of 'war disaster' if US does not lift 'unreasonable sanctions' Danish newspaper says won't print Prophet cartoons Boko Haram Kills 100, Destroys 16 Villages In Borno Two Islamist newspapers in Turkey have drawn ire on social media with their headlines that justified the deadly attack on a French satirical newspaper. The head of MI5, Andrew Parker, has called for new powers to help fight Islamist extremism, warning of a dangerous imbalance between increasing numbers of terrorist plots against the UK and a drop in the capabilities of intelligence services to snoop on communications. More Than 1 Million Flee, Ukraine Close to 'Humanitarian Catastrophe' A German nurse has admitted to killing 30 patients while working at a hospital in the German city of Delmenhorst from 2003 to 2005 and is under further investigation for the possible killing of another 60. China 30 tombs, 28 chariots and 98 horse skeletons dating back 2,800 years found in Hubei The boss of a hot New York modeling agency supplied Jeffery Epstein with underage girls for an orgy with Prince Andrew, court documents claim. Anonymous has announced that it will avenge the attack on Charlie Hebdo by rendering jihadist websites inaccessible. Suicide bomber dressed as woman kills 49 Muslims in central Yemen Australian newspaper publishes Mohammed cartoon Dublin priest says he is gay during Mass  receives standing ovation  Calling on his Dublin city congregation to support same sex marriage in the upcoming Irish referendum, set for the end May, Dolan said Im gay myself. US to Ban Foreign Fish Caught by Killing Whales, Dolphins  This will force other countries to step up & meet US conservation standards  saving 100s of 1000s of whales & dolphins from dying on hooks & in fishing nets around the world. Nigeria 2,000 feared killed in Boko Haram's 'deadliest massacre' | Amnesty International calls the killings a disturbing and bloody escalation and a local defence group says its fighters have given up trying to count the bodies Hundreds in southern Afghanistan rallied to praise the killing of 12 people at the French newspaper Charlie Hebdo, calling the two gunmen heroes who meted out punishment for cartoons disrespectful to Islam's prophet, officials said Saturday. Paris Hostage Situation Live Thread French imams rally against Charlie Hebdo killing, call on all Muslims to take part in demonstrations Kurdish Peshmerga Repel Huge ISIS Offensive Lead By Group's Leader AlBaghdadi Germany's Spiegel news magazine Intelligence suggests that Syrian President Bashar alAssad is building a secret underground plant with the aim of developing nuclear weapons. New hostage situation in France  Montpellier jewelry store Charlie Hebdo gunmen's hostage freed and safe after police assault, several hostages at Jewish market freed | News , World Hollande Paris Attacks Irrelevant to IslamFrench President Francois Hollande rejected any links between the perpetrators of the recent terror attacks around the capital Paris with Islam. Landmark Paris synagogue closes on Shabbat for first time since World War II 3,000 FSA Fighters Defect to ISIS in the Qalamoun Mountains Radical imam Abu Hamza gets life in prison on US terrorism conviction Two headless bodies were found in a village in Egypt's restive North Sinai region on Saturday, police said, the latest in a series of beheadings allegedly carried out by jihadists. Marine Le Pen to Hollande Suspend visafree zone, strip terror suspects of French citizenship US gag order on EU police agency stirs controversy Russia likely to demand early repayment of Ukraine's $3 billion debt. Over 600 Islamist Fighters Return to EU from Syria, Iraq Syrian Army Kills Over 30 Islamic State Jihadists in Northeastern Syria Hong Kong's richest person, Li Kashing, has urged lawmakers to pass controversial reforms that will change how the territory's leader is elected. He said the damage to Hong Kong could be immeasurable if they were blocked Arson attack at German newspaper that printed Charlie Hebdo cartoons Huge crowds and some 40 world leaders have gathered in Paris for a unity march Teen in shock after being falsely accused of being the 3rd gunman in Charlie Hedbo incident. The Muslim Clerk At The Paris Kosher Store Risked His Life To Save Jewish Shoppers Islamic scholar threatens Irish publications with legal action if they publish offending cartoon Suicide bombing by 10yearold girl in Nigeria kills 19 people AirAsia QZ8501 black box found, say Indonesia authorities Cuba Rolls Out WiFi as Censorship Begins to Crumble  Cuba, where Internet access is largely limited to government employees and pricey paybyhour public access, will start offering wireless service for 1st time. Anyone wanting a router needs permission from the Communications Ministry. Indian state plans 15Mbps broadband for households at a cost of $3 a month. 15 antiMuslim attacks reported in France in the last 48 hours Police commissioner, who had been investigating the attack on the Charlie Hebdo magazine committed suicide with his service gun on Thursday night. An estimated 700,000 took to the streets in cities across France Saturday to hold silent marches in memory of the 17 people who died in several terrorist attacks during one of the most traumatic and emotional weeks for the country in living memory. UK asks US for help in search for Russian submarine thought to be lurking off North Atlantic coast Turkish Spy agency planning falseflag terror acts on its own people in crowded areas, whistleblower claims Flight from NY to London hitches a ride on the jet stream, hits record ground speed of 761 mph (1,217 km/h), arrives an hour and a half early. Wife of Al Qaeda recruiter who mentored the Charlie Hebdo murderers is appealing against her own terror conviction on human rights grounds while living on UK benefits French police told to erase social media presence and warned that sleeper cells may have been activated, police source says. Suicide attack at Lebanese cafe kills at least seven Spain wants to modify Schengen rules to allow border checks Biggest Ship in the World Sails Into Britain capable of holding 900 million tins of beans  The 'Globe's' maiden voyage began in Chinese city of Qingdao Dec 3 Sierra Leone declares first Ebolafree district Jewish group names 4 victims of Paris kosher shop attack Islamic State kills 24 Kurds in surprise attack in North Iraq Heroic Muslim man saved Jewish hostages during Paris siege by hiding them in freezer Russian credit rating cut to BBB minus and looks set to tumble back to junk rating, for the first time in a decade. World's largest indoor farm in Japan is 100 times more productive than outdoor fields, uses 99% less water, 40% less power and creates 80% less food waste Egypt student gets 3year jail term for atheism  An Egyptian court has sentenced a student to three years in jail for announcing on Facebook that he is an atheist and for insulting Islam Saudi prince $100abarrel oil 'never' again. Boko Haram massacre is so big, survivors give up counting bodies Bomb threat at Belgian paper that reprinted Charlie Hebdo cartoons Benjamin Netanyahu ridiculed over appearance at Paris  He attended the Paris march despite Hollande's objection At least one major oil company will turn its back on fossil fuels, says scientist. Oil companies are also realising it is no long morally defensible to ignore the consequences of climate change. Nigeria 'needs same support as France' after Boko Haram attacks  Archbishop Kaigama was speaking after another bloody weekend for Nigeria in which three female suicide bombers, including one thought to be as young as ten, killed at least 23 people in the restive northeast. ISIS Issues Mandatory Conscription for the Men of Syria and Iraq Oil hits a new five and a halfyear low of $48.59/barrel 56 people die after drinking poisoned beer in Mozambique Turkish imams in Germany to stand guard in front of media buildings in solidarity against terror Cuba has freed all 53 prisoners as agreed in U.S. deal Unpaid interns charged 300 for a job reference by thinktank Anonymous blocks jihadist website in retaliation for Charlie Hebdo attack Burqua ban approved by lawmakers in Muslim Uighur region of Xinjiang last month is set to go into effect; report says ban part of effort to curb growing extremism Female genital mutilation now being done in hospitals in Africa Health care providers now perform up to 18 percent of FGM cases and the trend is growing, according to the World Health Organization. Feel free to breastfeed here, pope tells mothers in Sistine Chapel Marching in Paris, yet blocking freedom of speech at home London landmarks are lit in the colours of the French flag after crowds gather in Trafalgar Square in tribute to those killed in the Paris terror attacks. After deadly Taliban attack that killed 132 children in Peshawar, Pakistan, Army Public School reopens Boko Haram forces 10 yearold's to commit suicide bombings in Nigerian market France to deploy 10,000 troops Iran eclipses US as Iraq's ally in fight against militants There is a lava flow in Iceland the size of Manhattan China has just banned the burqa in its biggest Muslim city US and EU politicians use Charlie Hebdo attack to call for more Internet surveillance  Fusion Muslim Mayor of Rotterdam Tells Islamists To F*** Off On Live Television This is Charlie Hebdo's first cover since the attack Nigeria 'needs same support as France' after Boko Haram attacks kill over 2000 archbishop UK may ban WhatsApp and Snapchat under new antiterror laws British prime minister Fox News security analyst is clearly a complete idiot Lesbians kicked out of Vienna caf for kissing. Student organization starts a kissin campaign with more than 5 000 attending. 6 Civilians dead as shell hits bus in Ukraine Cameron says there should be no means of communication we cannot read Russian Media, Turkish Politicians Suggest U.S., Israeli Involvement in Paris Attacks US Central Command Twitter, YouTube feeds hacked by ISIS UltraOrthodox Jewish Newspaper Edits Female World Leaders Out of Charlie Hebdo March Expensive cancer drugs pushed off England's NHS list  Changes to England's Cancer Drugs Fund mean that from April, new cancer patients will no longer be able to receive a number of expensive treatments that have been available on NHS. David Cameron wants to ban endtoendencryption for his surveillance plans Nick Clegg will today condemn calls for the revival of the socalled snoopers charter following the Paris terror attacks with the warning We do not make ourselves safer by making ourselves less free. German 'antiIslamization' march in Dresden draws record numbers Scientists including Stephen Hawking and Elon Musk have signed a letter pledging to ensure artificial intelligence research benefits mankind. Great Lakes teeming with tiny plastic microfibers  CBC Pope Francis blames Paris attacks on deviant forms of religion amid new worries he may be ISIS target People Starving in Eastern Ukraine as Humanitarian Crisis Unfolds After attack, owner of Paris kosher market plans move to Israel AntiIslamist movement surfaces in Switzerland Interpol issues global wanted notice for former Ukraine president Viktor Yanukovich Number 2 on AlQaeda's Most Wanted List Sells French Fries in a Florida Mall Food Court Cameroon Army Kills 143 Boko Haram Fighters Air France hands out copies of Charlie Hebdo on flights Turkish president accuses 'the West' of being behind Charlie Hebdo attacks and deliberately laming Muslims' French comedian Dieudonn arrested as apologist for terrorism after Facebook post Turkeys main opposition party, CHP, has called on Islamic countries to adopt secularism in order to end the roots of terrorism, denouncing last weeks deadly Paris attacks and stressing that killing innocent people has nothing to do with Islam. Riding on the coattails of accusations that the international community has ignored African woes comes afriLeaks  a whistleblowing website dedicated to exposing corruption and abuses of power across Africa. Internet an instrument for masses, so net neutrality is key Indian telecom minister I am a Marxist, Dalai Lama says Twitter and Facebook face closure in Turkey after anonymous accounts published documents revealing illegal arms shipments by Turkish spy agency to opposition groups in Syria Russia will not cut itself off from the world because any return to the past would be a 'monstrous mistake', Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Wednesday [14 January 2015]. New ISIS video appears to show child executing Russian agents Turkish police raids daily newspaper Cumhuriyet to search and destroy possible Mohammed cartoons North Koreans walk across frozen river to China to commit murder Charlie Hebdo print run raised to 5m as copies in France sell out 3 Poachers Killed by Forest Guards in India's Kaziranga National Park Peshmerga Kill Six Islamic State Leaders in 48 Hours Mass Animal DieOffs on Rise, Killing Billions & Raising Questions  Huge dieoffs, with disease outbreaks & other stressors, happening more often. Mass dieoffs are individualevents that kill at least a billion animals, wipe out over 90% of a population, or destroy 700m tons worth of animals. Charlie Hebdo Muhammad cover goes global despite Muslim ireEgypt's Islamic authority denounced the Charlie Hebdo cover This action is an unjustified provocation against the feelings of 1.5 billion Muslims. Mosques fire bombed and pelted with pig heads in aftermath of Paris terror attacks Oil prices below $50 per barrel will cost Russian budget $46 billion in 2015 A double agent reportedly stole a list which contained both the real and undercover names of 3,500 German intelligence employees. The Spy arrested last July on suspicions of working for the CIA. The stolen document could jeopardize more than half of some 6,500 agents of BND. Russian Troops Stationed Near Finnish Border as Putin Begins Move on Arctic Kim Jongun Snubs China and Accepts Putins Invite to Moscow Belgian arms dealer confesses to supplying Paris attackers Fossil found by P.E.I. boy fills gap in reptile evolution Saudi man sentenced 10 years jail and weekly public canings for 5 months. He is guilty of setting up a public online forum for debate and discussion. Children caged to keep the streets clean for the Pope Police round up orphans and chain them in filth during pontiff's visit to Philippines Paris shootings 200,000 sign petition for Muslim hero who hid hostages to get French citizenship and prestigious Legion d'honneur Indonesia to revoke passports of citizens who join ISIS A Malian described as a hero after he helped hostages at a Jewish supermarket to hide during last week's Paris attacks will be awarded French nationality Tuesday, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said. Swiss franc jumps by 30% against Euro as the SNB (Swiss National Bank) scraps the exchange rate limit of 1.20 France sends aircraft carrier to battle IS Saudi Arabia Is Building A 600Mile 'Great Wall' To Shield Itself From ISIS Data Privacy should be a human right, says EUElectronic communications should be more secure in Europe, not less, according to a report from the European Union Agency for Network and Information Security (ENISA). Baghdadi Executes 56 ISIL Members after Their Defeat in Southern Erbil by Kurds Gay italian cook forced to go with prostitute to prove heterosexuality or lose job Charlie Hebdo Writer Holds Up Muhammed Cover on Sky News; Network Cuts Away and Apologizes Hamas New Charlie Hedbo cover is Zionist lobby plot Indian ruling party supports decriminalization of homosexuality #JeSuisCharlie creator Phrase cannot be a trademark  Millions have declared Je Suis Charlie on social media  but now over 50 people have tried to trademark the image in France alone, and the creator of the campaign is angry. Solar at grid parity in most of world by 2017. Collapse in the oil price will do little to slow down the solar juggernaut. International Space Station crew evacuated to Russian segment amid ammonia leak fears Paris motorist deliberately runs down policewoman outside presidential residence Muslims in Philippines march against Charlie Hebdo Charlie Hebdo sells out, already on eBay for $117K Target Canada to close all stores, files for creditor protection. Nasrallah Hezbollah prepared for war deep into Israel, beyond the Galilee Carlos Slim (Mexican billionaire) becomes top New York Times shareholder Ottawa Mosque concerned by sharp rise in young men converting to Islam Nigeria Satellite images show horrific scale of Boko Haram attack on Baga Saudi Arabia publicly beheads a woman in Mecca Boko Haram Appears to Be Using Abducted Girls as Suicide Bombers Imam says As it is clear that the cartoons are to be published again, Muslims will be hurt and angered, but our reaction must be a reflection of the teachings of the one we love & are angered for. Enduring patience, tolerance, gentleness and mercy was the character of our beloved Prophet. Three deaths in AntiTerror Raid in Belgium Guantanamo guard CIA killed prisoners and made it look like suicide BPs maximum fine for Gulf of Mexico oil spill is cut by billions Woolly mammoth cloning attempt revives ethical debate Protests flare in Armenia after family massacred Hundreds of Armenians took to the streets on Wednesday and Thursday, demanding that a Russian soldier who confessed to killing six members of an Armenian family be turned over to the Armenian authorities Top Russian Official 'Ashamed' Of Culture Crackdown, Quits Ministry Scientists Human activity has pushed Earth beyond four of nine planetary boundaries Items lost in the Stone Age are found in melting glaciers Lost Beagle2 probe found on Mars Middle East is most violent area in the world for Christians, report says On Thursday, a local source in Nineveh province said, that the A10 Warthog aircraft which belongs to the U.S. Air Force has carried out four air strikes that killed and wounded dozens of ISIS elements, adding that the aircraft sparked panic in the ranks of ISIS. Charlie Hebdo Pakistani legislators chant 'death to blasphemers' Rate of environmental degradation puts life on Earth at risk, say scientists Humans are eating away at our own life support systems at a rate unseen in the past 10,000 years, two new research papers say Israel says Swedish foreign minister not welcome David Cameron seeks cooperation of US president over encryption crackdown | The Guardian Tanzania has banned witch doctors after dozens of albinos were murdered for their body parts, which witch doctors believe bring good luck and wealth. Waiting in line for basic goods now a profession in Venezuela Russia could soon run multiple Ukrainesized operations. U.S. general Certainly within the next four to five years they will have the ability to conduct operations in eastern Ukraine and pressure the Baltics and pressure Georgia and do other things, without having to do a full mobilization Six Ukrainian soldiers killed, fighting rages at airport in Donetsk Belgian government 'okays' deployment of army in cities because of terror threat. Cuba opens up more to US travellers, trade starting tomorrow There is no chance that Russian President Vladimir Putin will be invited to the next meeting of G7 leaders, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who will host the summit, was quoted as saying on Thursday Patriot Act Idea Rises in France, and Is Ridiculed Under Bush presidency, C.I.A. provided Iran with nuclear schematics that were intentionally flawed. It is believed that the Iranians quickly discovered the flaws and worked around them. Turkish military says Turkey's national intelligence service (MIT) shipped weapons to alQaeda Draft of new Thailand constitution offers protections for gay, transgender people Pope, in Philippines, says samesex marriage threatens family At Least Two More Planets May Exist Beyond Pluto (new study suggests) Fat 8bn bonus for Goldman Sachs bankers who helped create world financial crisis Saudi King steps in and delays second round of 50 lashes on health grounds amid the flogging clamour of Saudi blogger Raif Badawi A senior Russian diplomat says far more than 800 Russians are fighting alongside ISIS. Halfway through the rainy season, the key reservoir for the hemisphere's largest city holds just 6 percent of its capacity, and experts warned Friday that Sao Paulo authorities must take urgent steps to prevent the worst drought in more than 80 years from drying it out Turkish anchorwoman faces 5 years in jail for tweet Tens of thousands rally in Chad to back army move against Boko Haram Protesters burn French flag at anticartoon rally on Temple Mount The entire Muslim population of Italy has been closely monitored while some 2,000 Muslims have been aggressively monitored, according to WikiLeaks cables dated from 2005 and classified by the thenUS Ambassador to Italy Ronald Spogli. $1 Billion Rocket Engine Deal Cements Russia's Place in U.S. Space Industry Pope, on visit to Philippines, defends catholic ban on contraception The Drug Enforcement Administration has formally acknowledged that it maintained a sweeping database of phone calls made from the United States to multiple foreign countries. The program has since been discontinued, the Justice Department said Friday. India builds solar plants atop canals to save land, water Gunmen seize Yemen president's chief of staff. Belgium troops deploy to patrol streets French Cultural Center In Niger Set On Fire By Muslims Protesting Charlie Hebdo Mohammed Cartoons Turkish police 3,000 in Turkey linked to ISIL group Isis has released photographs that show the final moments before a man is thrown from the roof of a building for being gay. Boko Haram survivor told not to search for children, 'we killed them' Terror plan was to kill Belgian police on the streets, in stations, prosecutor says John McAfee 'I know who hacked Sony Pictures  and it wasn't North Korea' Seven Christian Churches Up in Flames Amid Niger Charlie Hebdo Violence Israel lobbies foreign powers to cut ICC funding Israel is lobbying memberstates of the International Criminal Court to cut funding for the tribunal in response to its launch of an inquiry into possible war crimes in the Palestinian territories ISIS cell Busted in Israel A team of scientists, in a new analysis of data from hundreds of sources, has concluded that humans are on the verge of causing unprecedented damage to the oceans and the animals living in them. PEGIDA Cancels AntiIslam Rally in Germany Over Death Threat From IS French flags torched as Charlie Hebdo protests erupt from Algiers to Zinder David Cameron disagrees with Pope Francis on responding with violence  PM responds to comments on provoking others by insulting faith, saying in free society there is right to cause offence CNN's Jim Clancy Steps Down After AntiIsrael Rant...He then accused a number of Twitter accounts as being part of a public relations campaign for Israel. Ukrainian troops have retaken most of the territory of Donetsk airport in eastern Ukraine after launching a mass operation overnight to Sunday and wresting control of it from proRussian separatists New Snowden Docs Indicate Scope of NSA Preparations for Cyber Battle 6 people executed in Indonesia for drug trafficking, including 1 Brazilian. Brazilian President outraged and says Relations between the two countries have been affected. ISIS frees over 200 Yazidi captives Almost half of those in France believe cartoons of the Muslim Prophet Mohammed  like those printed by satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo  should not be published, a poll said Sunday, with a similar number in favour of limitations on free speech Germany and Sweden to Send Troops and Increase Aid to Kurds Battling ISIS Prominent N. Korean defector Shin Donghyuk admits parts of story are inaccurate Beijing's Toxic Smog Measures Beyond Index Levels Lebanese report Israeli helicopters fired rockets at Syrian village of Quneitra Rio's Olympic waters blighted by heavy pollution Turkey Threatens to Block Social Media Over Released Documents Regarding a military police raid on Turkish Intelligence Agency trucks that were traveling to Syria. Turkish Officials deny trucks contained military aid for Bashar alAssad and Al Qaeda Bulgaria says it will start talks to join the euro Moroccan authorities have arrested eight people suspected of recruiting fighters for the ISIS Syria Isis crucifixion frenzy in revenge for wave of assassinations Thailand to Recognise 'Third Gender' in New Constitution Selfproclaimed 'ISIS chief of staff in Palestine' arrested Argentine prosecutor Nisman who accused Pres. Kirchner of coverup in AMIA bombing probe found dead in his apartment Half global wealth held by 1% Billionaires and politicians gathering in Switzerland this week will come under pressure to tackle rising inequality after a study found that  on current trends  by next year, 1% of the worlds population will own more wealth than the other 99%. Man who filmed execution in Saudi Arabia is arrested under the countrys law against cybercrimes Pope Francis at a loss for words as street child asks 'Why does God allow children to suffer?' 40% of British families too poor to play a part in society 8 million lacking required income level, says charity, as rising figure reflects cost of living and benefit cuts Corporate wolves will exploit TTIP trade deal, MPs warned Commons debate told that Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership risks giving too much power to big US corporations '6 Iranians, including general, killed in Israeli strike' The Dutch opposition Christian Democratic Party (CDA) announced that it has confidential documents proving that Turkey had sent weapons to alQaeda militants in Syria and that it conveyed the documents to the Dutch government, according to a BBC Turkish report published on Sunday. Charlie Hebdo editor Gerard Biard says faith should stay out of politics  If God becomes entangled in politics, then democracy is in danger Revealed 1000s of Britons on benefits across EU  Over 4 times as many Britons obtain unemployment benefits in Germany as Germans do in the UK, while number of jobless Britons with benefits in Ireland exceeds their Irish counterparts in the UK by 5 to 1. EU appeals removal of Hamas from terror list  The EU will appeal a court decision ordering the removal of the Palestinian group Hamas from EU terrorism black list. Sources 5 members of Hezbollah including son of Imad Mughniyeh killed in Israeli strike in Syria Battles rage in eastern Ukraine Zim to grab more land from remaining whites  Robert Mugabes VP N.S.A. Tapped Into North Korean Networks Before Sony Attack, Officials Say Papal Text Says Man Betrays God by Destroying the Environment Hundreds of thousands protest in Chechnya against Mohammad cartoons China calls Snowden's stealth jet hack accusations 'groundless' AntiCharlie Hebdo Rally Draws 5,000 in Pakistan Children as young as four are being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in Scotland and health experts admit they are struggling to deal with this tragic side effect of the countrys obesity crisis Ukraine Claim 700 Russian Troops Cross Border to Help Rebels Green party outlines plan for basic citizens income for all adults GCHQ intercepted emails of journalists from top international media Imams 'Must Do More' To Root Out Radicals U.S.built Ebola treatment centers in Liberia are nearly empty as outbreak fades Good News. Tiger Numbers in India up From 1,400 to 2,226 in 7 Years Iranian newspaper shut down for showing solidarity with Charlie Hebdo Pope says birth control ban doesn't mean breed 'like rabbits' Kenya police teargas school kids protesting the removal of playground Hundreds of anonymous Wikipedia edits made every month by a UK Government computer Japanese government attempts to censor US textbooks that mention the Imperial Japanese Army's practice of keeping sex slaves Presidential Palace in Yemen is under heavy fire Canadian soldiers have fired on Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq, in what is thought to be the first confirmed ground battle involving Western forces. No gunpowder traces found on Argentine prosecutor Nismans hands Pakistani minister holds Saudi Arabian gov't responsible for destabilizing Muslim world through distribution of money for promoting it's Wahhabi ideology Isis executions Terror group throws 'gay' men off tower, stones woman accused of adultery and crucifies 17 young men British intelligence intercepted emails from The New York Times, Reuters, BBC, and others Five Russian nationals of Chechen origin have been arrested in France on suspicion of planning an attack, a French prosecutor revealed on Tuesday IS Hangs 13 Youths in Mosul For Watching Soccer Game Israel to allow sex change on ID cards without surgery US diplomats prepare for first highlevel visit to Cuba in 35 years | World news Snowden refuses to use iPhone for security reasons Australia trying to opt out of protecting 5 shark species  Wants out of commitment to work with other countries to ensure the 5 do not become extinct. Govt says it already has protections. 'Humane Society Int'l' calls move unprecedented act of domestic & international environmental vandalism. The Russian Government is reportedly planning to supply modern and sophisticated weaponry to the Cameroonian Army to help it to better fight the Nigeriabased terrorist group Boko Haram. Japan says jets scrambling at record pace to counter Chinese, Russian intrusions New E.U. law lets nations ban genemodified crops. Iran sees no OPEC shift toward a cut, says oil industry could withstand $25 crude AirAsia flight QZ8501 climbed 6000ft per minute before stalling Indonesian Transport Minister Russia outlaws films that 'threaten national unity' or 'defile culture' defiling the national culture, posing a threat to national unity and undermining the foundations of the constitutional order will not be allowed to be screened in cinemas PEGIDA vows more antiIslam rallies Ebola has killed off a third of the world's gorillas and chimpanzees FIFA generated more than $4 billion in sales from the 2014 World Cup, and is Giving Brazil $100 Million After The Country Spent $15 Billion On The World Cup Paris mayor We intend to sue Fox News Punjab province of Pakistan bans any glorification of terrorists Russia hits back at Obama over SOTU speech at the centre of the (U.S.) philosophy is only one thing 'We are number one and everyone else has to recognise that' ... It shows that the U.S. wants all the same to dominate the world and not merely be first among equals. Lavrov told a news conference Documents show Islamic State & Saudi Arabia prescribe nearidentical punishments for crimes Cuba Wants Off U.S. Terrorism List Before Restoring Normal Ties ISIS executing 'educated women' in new wave of horror says U.N. Irish Samesex Marriage Referendum wording agreed by Cabinet Marriage may be contracted in accordance with law by two persons without distinction as to their sex Several stabbed in Tel Aviv attack Ukraine forces come under attack from Russian troops Kiev military Founder of German antiIslamization movement Pegida under fire over alleged posing as Adolf Hitler, describing immigrants as cattle and garbage, posting KKK picture along with quote Three Ks A Day Keeps Minorities Away Isis flags seen at antiCharlie Hebdo protest outside French Cultural Centre in Gaza Strip C.I.A. Report Found Value of Brutal Interrogation Was Inflated Israel ignoring deaths of Thai workers on farms Human Rights Watch calls on Israel to enforce labour laws after Thai workers tell of 17hour days and being treated like slaves Russia says Soldier who killed Armenian family will face trial in Armenia If you fire on Canadian forces, they will fire back, Defence Minister says 35 economists urge cancellation of Greek debt and end of austerity program Japan won't give in to demands for hostages. Mystery radio signal picked up from beyond our galaxy The Australian Parkes radiotelescope has given astronomers their only realtime view so far of the unexplained phenomenon known as the Fast Radio Burst Hamas Tel Aviv stabbing attack 'heroic act' Putin Says Russia Must Strengthen Army to Defend Itself Putin's comments reinforced his commitment to an expensive program to modernize the Armed Forces, which the Finance Ministry has signaled will be excluded from any budget cuts forced on the government by a growing economic crisis Ancient Scrolls Blackened by Vesuvius Are Readable at Last First Patient in world fitted with Artificial Pancreas NASA Spacecraft Closing In on Dwarf Planets Pluto and Ceres ISIS Suffers Heaviest Defeat in Iraq in a Single Day Separatists have taken over Donetsk Airport, killing dozens of Ukrainian troops. Such a loss would mark Ukraines most significant and bloodiest tragedy since the battle for Illovaisk in August 2014, in which hundreds of Ukrainian troops were killed. Statue of Irish sea god Manannn Mac Lir stolen in Derry, Northern Ireland. Wooden cross and a note saying 'You shall have no other gods before me' left in its place Methfilled drone crashes in Mexican border town Secret negotiations were held to reach a deal in which Argentina would receive oil form Iran in exchange for shielding Iranian officials from charges that they orchestrated the bombing of a Jewish community center. Lead prosecutor found dead Sunday. Swedish envoy to Turkey Criticizing ISIL does not equal Islamophobia Lawyers ask Prince Andrew to respond under oath about claims of sex with 17yearold girl | Lawyers acting for the woman who alleges she was forced by a billionaire financier to have sex with Prince Andrew when she was 17 are formally requesting that he respond to her accusations under oath. Were running out of chocolate. Dry weather in West Africa and a nasty fungal disease have wiped out between 30 percent and 40 percent of global cocoa production. The gap between supply and demand is set to reach 1 million metric tons by 2020. Italian Police Discover Biggest Ever Antiquity Collection  It's the biggest recovery in history, in terms of the quality & quantity. In fact, the size of the recovery is almost unprecedented. British Soldier accused of Raping 6 year old girl Group finds that punishments in U.S. ally Saudi Arabia nearly identical to those prescribed by U.S. enemy ISIS Norway Doctors defy new circumcision law Chinese President Xi Jinping gives government officials pay raise, his own pay rising 62% A network of antiISIS commando cells has carried out hundreds of guerrilla attacks in Mosul, a city seized by the Islamist militants, Iraq's vice president told NBC News. Oil export losses to reach $300 billion in Middle East White House Criticizes Netanyahu for Visiting Without Obama Invite Hamas calls on Hezbollah to unite fight against Israel 43 of 50 of this year's most dangerous cities in the world in Latin America, 19 in Brazil UN Nearly 100 Drug Users Died in Crimea After Russia Closed Methadone Program Ten Israeli tourists wounded in hourslong antiSemitic attack in Argentina Kim Dotcom releases Skype competitor MegaChat, but EU official backs plan to make firms hand over encryption keys Former Miss Turkey arrested for criticizing President Erdogan online ISIS gaining ground in Yemen, competing with al Qaeda For five years Greece has been like a patient slowly bleeding Dead Dogs Found Across Russia After PupPoisoning Campaign After animal rights activists sounded the alarm over what was expected to be a nationwide campaign by dog hunters to poison stray dogs, reports have flooded in of dead dogs turning up in various cities Kurds Not Invited to AntiISIS Conference in London, Despite Leading the War against the Terrorist Organization King of Saudi Arabia Has Died At 90 France admits soldiers have deserted to ISIS, including exelite special forces and French foreign legionnaires Priest sentenced to 13 years in prison for pedophilia in Australia Americans Offer to Take 100 Lashes Each for Saudi Blogger Egyptian President AbdelFattah elSisi said Thursday that Muslims need to adapt their religious discourse to the present and eliminate elements of their rhetoric that could foster violence. Russia has accused Poland of engaging in a mockery of history after the Polish foreign minister credited Ukrainian soldiers, rather than the Soviet Red Army, with liberating Auschwitz 70 years ago Obama declines meeting with Netanyahu Australian David Hicks, former Guantanamo Bay detainee who was tortured for five years, is innocent, United States government tells lawyer US officials thank Australia for helping kill 6000 Islamic State fighters including half its commanders China is cracking down on VPNs After censorship system Upgrade Paris Announces Plan to Promote Secular Values Thousands of protesters have gathered outside Argentina's government palace in Buenos Aires, demanding a full investigation into the death of a prosecutor who was looking into allegations against the country's President. Yemeni Government Collapses as President and Prime Minister Resign Scientists move doomsday clock closer to midnight France sees as many antiMuslim acts in Jan as all of 2014 Portugal, which expelled Jews in 1536, are offering descendants of the local Sephardi community the right of return Edward Snowden Frances 'Intrusive' Surveillance Laws Failed to Stop Paris Attacks Japan pledges $100m to rebuild Gaza. Peshmerga forces captured several villages around Mosul from ISIS and shelled the city center for the first time NATO says detects signs of increased Russian involvement in eastern Ukraine Doomsday clock reaches 3 minutes to midnight. Only other instances of it getting this far were 1984 during the peak of the Coldwar, and 1949 when the Soviet Union tested it's first atomic bomb. U.S. officials say 6,000 ISIS fighters killed in battles Russian Artists Ask Medvedev to Allow Swearing in Films Again CNN No truce with Ukraine, rebel leader says Kurds angered by antiISIL conference snub  Iraqi Kurds disheartened that US and allies did not invite Kurdish reps to London, given their crucial role in fight More than three million Germans can barely make ends meet despite being in work, according to a German newspaper. Growing numbers of struggling workers are cutting back on heating and food. Jamaica is About to Decriminalize Ganja Snowden iPhones Have Secret Spyware That Lets Govt's Monitor Unsuspecting Users. The NSA whistleblower's lawyer says the secret software can be remotely activated to watch the user Teenager says he escaped North Korea and made it to Sweden, claims asylum. Maintaining he walked across a frozen river into China and traversed two continents in cars, the transSiberian railway and the back of a truck. Obama Tells Netanyahu To Stop Pushing Congress Toward New Iran Sanctions Israel illegally demolishing Palestinian homes, UN says Cuban diplomats announced that in discussions with US officials they expressed their serious concerns over human rights in the United States citing detentions at Guantanamo Bay, to police abuse in Ferguson and New York to racial and gender inequalities Former Miss Turkey, 26, facing trial after being arrested for posting satirical poem that criticised President Erdogan Report Islamic State executes Japanese hostage According to intelligence group, radical jihadists force one of two hostages to report his countryman's execution. Operation DeathEaters Anonymous calls for activists to help expose international paedophile networks  BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Scan finds new tattoos on 5300yearold Iceman The mysterious and majestic blue hue emanating from Hong Kong seas is cause for concern, scientists say Ukraine 10 civilians, including children, killed in shelling Biologists find fish over 2400ft below the surface of an Antarctic glacier Founder of Russian gay teen site convicted of 'propaganda' Russians will 'eat less' for Putin Russian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov, speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos, on Friday warned the West against trying to topple President Vladimir Putin and said that Russians are ready to sacrifice their wealth in Putin's support FIFA loses three World Cup sponsors in Castrol Continental Johnson & Johnson ISIS Hostage Video Expert said it was more likely completed in an indoor studio with a false backdrop. Ayatollah Khamenei Appeals to Western Youth on Islam and Prejudice  In a rare effort to reach out to the West, Irans supreme leader released a letter to youngsters in the U.S. and Europe imploring them to learn about Islam from original sources and not have it introduced to you by prejudices Revealed how Blair colluded with Gaddafi regime in secret  Libyan government papers pieced together by team of London lawyers show how UK cosied up to Tripoli over dissidents War Is Exploding Anew in Ukraine; Rebels Vow More US spies have intercepted communications between the chief suspects in the murder case of Alexander Litvinenko, linking his poisoning to Russia | Alexander Litvinenko was a former officer of the Russian FSB and KGB, who fled from court prosecution in Russia and received political asylum in the UK. Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo are nearly out of water Russia Denies Ending Nuclear Cooperation With US, Joint Effort To Continue In 2015 140,000,000 people without power in Pakistan after terrorist attack Kim Dotcom launches endtoend encrypted voice chat Skype killer  New MegaChat promises secure, encrypted and private video chatting through a browser World backs India against US bullying on patents. An Argentine prosecutor found dead shortly before he was about to make explosive allegations about President Cristina Kirchner took a bullet pointblank to his forehead A deadly rocket attack on the eastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol has been met with widespread international condemnation. This has led to renewed calls for Moscow to stop supporting the proRussia separatists. Obama on Russia 'Large countries shouldn't bully smaller countries' 'Hottest Year' Story Obscures Bigger News Ocean Warming Now Off The Charts Where do the wealthiest 1% live? A report by Oxfam caused a stir by predicting that the wealthiest 1% will soon own more than the rest of the world's population Russia hit with mass layoffs as economy worsens 30 Filipino police commandos killed in clash with MILF Leftist activist Shaimaa ElSabag shot dead today as blackmasked officers fired on march to lay roses on Tahrir Square Islamic State executes women in Mosul for refusing temporary marriage Germany halts arms exports to Saudi Arabia Students who survived Mexicos night of bloody horror accuse army and police | World news Tributes to Saudi King spark rights criticism in Britain Japan calls apparent ISIS execution of hostage 'outrageous and impermissible' Just 5% of Kurdistan Remain Under Islamic State Control Journalist covering Alberto Nisman's death flees Argentina for Israel, fearing for his safety Ukraine crisis Russia blocks UN attempt to condemn rebel rocket attack Turkish President Erdogan announced that the EU must accept Turkey as a member to prove that they are not an Islamophobic Christian club. Jeffrey Epstein Judge may reveal Prince Andrews alleged bid to protect paedophile tycoon Antiausterity party expected to win Greek election EU warns Russia that Ukraine conflict will hurt relations China Fake bank swindles customers out of $32m Up to four subs feared in Stockholm waters [in October] WikiLeaks demands answers after Google hands staff emails to US government Almost 500 cases of female genital mutilation identified in just one month in English hospitals Malaysia Airlines site hacked, displays 404  Plane Not Found Mass surveillance is fundamental threat to human rights, says European report Europes top rights body says scale of NSA spying is stunning and suggests UK powers may be at odds with rights convention Egyptian doctor sentenced to prison for female genital mutilation in landmark case after the death of a 13 year old ISIS forced out of Kobane after Kurdish fighters seize full control of town. Argentine journalist flees in wake of prosecutor's death  I am leaving because my life is in danger, Pachter said ProMoscow rebels, backed by what NATO says is the open participation of Russian troops, pressed on with their offensive on Sunday after restarting the war in eastern Ukraine with the first allout assault since a truce five months ago. Russian Security Forces Raid Independent Crimean TV Station Russian ruble tumbles after violence in eastern Ukraine escalates and oil continues to drop Greek exit polls suggest Syriza win Ukrainian army is foreign NATO legion, with geopolitical aims of constraining Russia  Putin Kurds fly flag of victory over Kobane The British government has said it is reviewing security procedures after a hoax caller claiming to be the director of Britain's GCHQ eavesdropping agency was put through to PM David Cameron. 'We are going to destroy the Greek oligarchy system' Yanis Varoufakis, tipped to be Syriza's new finance minister, says what his party would do if it gets into government in Greece Abducted Mexican journalist Moises Sanchez found dead. Syriza Rides AntiAusterity Wave to Landslide Victory in Greece Canada to unveil new security legislation after 2014 attacks PM Canadian Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney reaffirmed Canada's commitment to fighting antiSemitism and promised a zerotolerance approach for any attempts to delegitimize the state of Israel. Parents in Taiwan are now legally obliged to limit their kids' computer time BBC executive Tarik Kafala Do not call Charlie Hebdo killers 'terrorists' Euro tumbles on Greek vote results, approaching an 11year low versus the U.S. dollar Journalist who broke the dead prosecutor story flees Argentina in fear for his life LIVE India celebrates its 66th Republic Day Kim Jong Un to Visit Indonesia Marking First Official Trip Abroad Greece's new finance minister Yanis Varoufakis is Valve's former Steam Market economist Hershey's has blocked Britishmade Cadbury chocolate from entering the US. FBI arrests Russian spy in the Bronx Regin Malware Unmasked as NSA Tool after SPIEGEL Publishes Source Code Russia's Credit Rating Cut To 'Junk' By S&P Antivaccination group encourages parents in Australia to join fake church to avoid no jab, no play childcare laws Decapitation Marks the Beginning of Saudi King Salman Reign MILF massacres 49 members of Philippine National Police  Special Action Force during an encounter at Maguindanao, Philippines Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announces plans to dissolve country's intelligence agency Ukraine miners rescued after shelling left them trapped A Costa Rican court acquitted seven men Monday accused in the brutal murder of environmentalist Jairo Mora and the rape of four volunteers who worked with him to protect sea turtles Greeces new prime minister wants Germany to pay for Nazi war crimes Iran is ditching the US Dollar. North Korea slams shamelessness of Israel, calling it a rogue group that poses a nuclear threat and commits terrorist attack[s] against neighboring countries. Chinese officials feasted on endangered salamander, then beat journalists report Assad Erdogan is personally responsible for Syrian chaos 1.5M Lifted Out of Poverty in Ecuador under Correa Ukrainian rebel attacks on city of Mariupol are condemned by the UN as a war crime U.S. 'Cannot Stop' Russian Nuclear Missiles  Deputy Prime Minister Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, who overseas Russia's militaryindustrial complex, boasted of unspecified breakthroughs in Russian military technology during a talk show on the staterun Rossiya 1 TV channel on Sunday night. UK economic growth hits 2.6% in 2014, fastest growth since 2007 Militants attack top Libya hotel, ISIS claims responsibility Greece debt repayment in full 'unrealistic'  Syriza Greece's New Prime Minister Wants Germany To Pay For Nazi War Crimes Canadian forces engage in two (more) gunfights with ISIS on the ground in Iraq Ukraine turns to International Criminal Court over terrorist killings  President Poroshenko said today that he will give the EU ample evidence of who is behind the recent shelling of the city of Mariupol, in which more than 20 people died, and that he would refer this case and others to the ICC Key Hepatitis C Patent Rejected In India, Clearing Way For Generic Treatment Costing A Thousand Times Less Than US Price Spain charges 12 priests with child sex abuse Two weeks after Zuckerberg said je suis Charlie, Facebook begins censoring images of prophet Muhammad Ancient planets are almost as old as the universe Five small planets orbit an 11.2 billionyearold star, making them about 80 per cent as old as the universe itself. That means our galaxy started building rocky planets earlier than we thought. Obama challenges India on women's rights and religious tolerance ...every woman should be able to go about her day  to walk the street, or ride the bus  and be safe and be treated with the respect and dignity that she deserves. The Mormon church officially supports LGBT rights. Putin ordered Alexander Litvinenko murder, inquiry into death told Scientists in Switzerland have figured out a way to utilize Graphene in solar panel design, raising its efficiency to an absolutely staggering 60%  a finally feasible amount. Recording of Erdoan telling son to zero $1 billion in cash that was in their house is authentic, prosecutor says 3 tons of living cats caught on way from China to Vietnamese restaurants Two Americanmade M41 tanks found in police raid on stolen cars in Brazil ISIS & Japan agree on hostage swap, Japanese journalist to be freed 'within hours' Antitank missile strikes IDF vehicle on Lebanon border Three more beheaded under new Saudi king Rather than face ban in Turkey, Facebook blocks antiIslamic pages Cuba has an illegal 'Internet' that connects thousands of computers  called SNet, short for streetnet South Korea, China warn Japan not to backtrack on apology over wartime past Gorbachev blasts lawmakers suggestion to denounce Germany unification as rubbish Kim Jong Un May Make First Foreign Trip to Russia, Interfax Says. Germany Set to Open Up Autobahn to SelfDriving Vehicles France wants to make Google and Facebook accountable for hate speech Two IDF soldiers killed in Hezbollah attack Ukrainian Students Call On Russian Counterparts To End 'Information War' Check what you hear, doubt what you see. Greece says No to EU statement on Russia 10,000 Palestinian teens graduate Hamas terror camp Boko Haram appears to have surrounded city of 2 million, threatening a ig grave' Skull discovery suggests location where humans first had sex with Neanderthals. Skull found in northern Israeli cave in western Galilee, thought to be female and 55,000 years old, connects interbreeding and move from Africa to Europe. ISIS To Obama 'We Will Cut Off Your Head In The White House' Israel fires into Lebanon, killing UN soldier New antiterror bill could put chill on freedom of speech Documents reveal Canada's electronic spy agency sifts through millions of downloads every day from global filesharing sites to find terrorists. Every single thing that you do  in this case uploading/downloading files to these sites  that act is being archived, collected and analyzed. Global democracy is at greater risk than at any time in the past 25 years, according to a landmark report by the independent watchdog Freedom House. Women are the main targets for repression, and that levels of brutality under authoritarian regimes are at an alltime high. Raul Castro US Must Return Guantanamo for Normal Relations Huge blast at Hospital in Mexico City. 54 injured half of which are children. Typo causes collapse of 124yearold family business Palestinians Attack Gaza UN Compound After Aid Suspended Greek PM We will no longer submit to the EU Russia warns West support for Kiev could lead to 'catastrophe' Samsung semiconductor workers lymphoma, and no compensation US nuclear scientist jailed for trying to sell secrets Russia cuts spending, bails out banks Russian mother of seven accused of treason over Ukraine IDF confirms Spanish UN peace keeper killed from one of the mortar shells that we launched Tech firms will be considered complicit if they publish hate speech, says Francois Hollande Chinas Yuan becomes the fifth most widely used payment currency. The currency also known as renminbi (RMB) has overtaken the Canadian dollar and the Australian dollar. King Salmans Shady History The new king of Saudi Arabia has troubling ties to radical Islamists. Malaysia today declared that flight MH370 was lost in an accident, killing all 239 passengers and crew members on board Ebola virus mutating, scientists say Sydney cafe siege hostage Katrina Dawson was killed by ricocheting police bullets, inquest confirms Canadas leading surveillance agency is monitoring millions of Internet users file downloads in a dragnet search to identify extremists, according to topsecret documents A rare megamouth shark just washed up in the Philippines. zoologist estimated its only the 60th confirmed human encounter with one. Armed man demands airtime on Dutch broadcaster Taliban Arrests ISIS Leader for 'AntiIslamic Activities' Jordan says it will hang its Islamic State prisoners if the terror group have killed pilot hostage Britain summoned the Russian ambassador on Thursday and asked him to explain why two Russian Bear longrange bombers had flown over the English channel the previous day, a move that forced British authorities to divert civil aircraft. US Army General says Russian drones causing heavy Ukrainian casualties ISIS destroyed historic walls of the ancient city of Nineveh in Iraq Singapore will be jailing people for 6 months for holding a mobile phone while driving Vice President of European Parliament Kurds Deserve Independence Scientists showed they can identify you with more than 90 percent accuracy by looking at just four purchases, three if the price is included  and this is after companies anonymized the transaction records, saying they wiped away names and other personal details. Vatican to offer haircuts, shaves as well as showers to Rome's homeless Mayor of London Boris Johnson jihadis are pornwatching 'wankers' Prince Charles business must stop blocking action on climate change Chad army retakes Nigerian town from Boko Haram 50footlong 'dragon' dinosaur species discovered in China Bill Gates insists artificial intelligence is a threat to mankind  whatever Microsoft Research chief says White House to Cuba No Deal on Returning Guantanamo Bay Base The Svalbard Global Seed Vault has just received a series of 4 deliveries totaling over 100,000 new seeds, representing global crops as well as rare species from 100+ countries around the world. Russian spy cell in NYC 'plotted Wall Street meltdown' like 2010 'flash crash' Boko Haram to use goats, cows, donkeys and camels as suicide bombers China says no room for 'western values' in university education The party often brands concepts such as multiparty elections and the separation of powers as Western, despite their global appeal and application. Saudi King Salman fires sons of late King Abdullah VICE Exclusive CIA Interrogations Took Place on British Territory of Diego Garcia, Senior Bush Administration Official Says | VICE News Indian Woman Sues Uber in the U.S. Over Alleged New Delhi Taxi Rape Gorbachev West has 'dragged' Russia into new Cold War that could heat up Venezuela legalizes use of lethal weapons by the national armed forces against protesters Canada Unveils New AntiTerrorism Bill That Moves for 'Unprecedented Expansion of Powers' This radical expansion of national security powers is not sound security policy and presents a real danger to Canadians, says civil liberties advocate The British Army is setting up a new unit that will use psychological operations and social media to help fight wars in the information age The Vatican, which is still struggling with the effects of a worldwide paedophilia scandal in the Catholic Church, discovered two cases of possession of child pornography within its own walls last year, its chief prosecutor said on Saturday. North Korea introduces 'mandatory military service for women' The ideological leader of AlQaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) said Friday that France had surpassed the United States as the top enemy of Islam Iranian institutions to hold cartoon contest on The Holocaust Merkel rules out Greek debt relief. Westminster 'paedophile ring' Sir Peter Hayman named in secret file  report prepared for then prime minister Margaret Thatcher then buried until now End Blasphemy Laws campaign launched by international coalition Queensland election result leaves Australian PM Tony Abbott terminally wounded, federal Coalition MPs say US, UK condemn latest Israeli plan for settler housing as 'illegal, illegitimate' Stephen Harper will unveil a new bill with measures to fight against terrorism, such as a Lower threshold of proof for arrests. Turkey's Erdogan I want to be like the Queen of England Venezuela confirms it shot down plane near Aruba Indian Police Rescue Hundreds Of Child Slaves Fighting rages in eastern Ukraine, 15 soldiers killed NATO to deploy small units in 6 Eastern European nations ISIS Kills Kurdish Commander in Surprise Attack on Kirkuk AirAsia captain left seat to fix computer problem before jet lost control Citing war on terror, Canadian government propose sweeping new powers for spies, police Paris market gunman recorded the attack on a GoPro camera, was able to use a computer at the market to email a copy of the video before he was killed by police There is a strong probability that this video may have been transmitted to a recipient and not to a traditional media outlet. Philippines 44 police commandos killed in a botched antiterror operation ISIS fighters say constant airstrikes drove them out of Kobani Report Assassination of Hezbollah's Imad Mughniyeh was joint U.S.Israeli operation Japanese hostage eheadedy ISIL Japan 'We will never, never forgive' ISIS for apparent beheading Britons like Israel better only than North Korea, poll finds Some 35 percent of Britons name Israel as their least favorite nonEuropean country, a worse score than Iran's. Bill Gates We Need A World Government Israeli medical marijuana creates buzz but no high the marijuana is coveted for lifesaving medical benefits for epileptic children, doctors say  without the high Chile's President Bachelet proposes end to total abortion ban Bachelet has tabled a bill in Congress to legalise abortion in cases of rape or when there is a threat to the mother's or the baby's life African Union agrees to send multinational force to fight Boko Haram Isis fighters explain why they've left Kobane | I swear by God, their planes did not leave the air, day and night; they did airstrikes all day and night. They targeted everything. They even attacked vehicles; they have not left a building standing. Muslim Brotherhood Gives Foreigners Ten Days to Pack Bags and Leave Egypt Canadian workers have fundamental right to strike, top court rules Egypt bans Hamas' armed wing, lists it as terror group Experts raise alarm as plague kills dozens in Madagascar Ukraine wants UN to label Russia as a sponsor of terrorism 'The greatest German friend Poland has ever had'  Richard von Weizscker, the German president from 1984 to 1994, had a gargantuan task the reunification of Europe. After his death on Saturday, Germany's eastern neighbor Poland was also mourning the former leader Syria aims to 'flush out all terrorists' in 2015. Syria's prime minister said on Sunday the country wanted to drive all insurgents out of its territory in 2015 and was prepared to back any attempts to fight global militancy. Snowden files show Canada spy agency runs global Internet watch  Canada's electronic spy agency has been intercepting and analysing data on up to 15 million file downloads daily as part of a global surveillance programme In Ireland thousands join water charge rallies Thousands of antiwater charge protesters have brought town and city centres to a standstill in up to 20 nationwide demonstrations Thousands of prodemocracy protesters will rally on Hong Kong's streets Sunday for the first time since mass demonstrations shut down parts of the city for more than two months Israeli arrested for fighting with Islamic State in Iraq Kurdish forces beat back 'Islamic State' in Kirkuk, Kobani  Kurds have retaken an oilfield in Iraq seized by the Islamic State (IS) on Friday. After beating back IS, the police and Kurdish forces freed 24 oil workers taken captive by the Sunni militant group Footage has surfaced showing Israel's shelling of UNIFIL's Spanish contingent in southern Lebanon which killed one peacekeeper Indian millionaire thrashes guard, tries to run him over with his Hummer Saudi Arabia postpones flogging of blogger Raef Badawi for third week. Badawi is serving 10 years and to get 1000 lashes for 'Insulting Islam' in Blog. Analysis of Turkey's withheld tweets shows majority of censorship actively points out government corruption or makes fun of politicians Egypt President Sisi warns of 'long battle' with militants Westminster child abuse scandal KGB and CIA kept secret dossiers on Britain's VIP paedophiles; Both Russian and US intelligence knew about a group of powerful paedophiles operating in Britain and the KGB hoped to blackmail them in exchange for information A new guard for Asgard Iceland building first temple to Norse gods in 1,000 years Pagan priest wants the theft of a statue of the Irish God of the Sea 'Manannn Mac Lr' to be treated as a hate crime 'Suppressed' EU report could have banned pesticides worth billions  Science paper recommended ways of identifying hormonemimicking chemicals in pesticides linked to foetal abnormalities, genital mutations, infertility and other diseases including cancer The 4 surviving copies of the 1215 Magna Carta brought together for 1st time in London for 800th anniversary  It's one of the 1st steps towards parliamentary democracy & includes the principle that no one was above the law, including the king Tech pioneer Phil Zimmermann calls David Cameron's antiencryption plans 'absurd'  PGP inventor rubbishes Tory plans to ban encryption and says modern commerce depends on it Endtoend encryption is everywhere now Thousands march for democracy in Hong Kong ISIS getting 'desperate,' struggling to replenish fighters, says USbased advisory firm Deforestation of the Amazon linked to Brazil's worst drought in history, causing many cities to start enforcing severe water rationing Mugabe Dismisses MaleFemale Equality Its not possible that women can be at par with men, said the incoming chairman of the African Union, Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe. Complaints against police reach a record high American employee of Israeli defense firm Elbit mysteriously dies in Saudi Arabia. Saudi authorities say Chris Cramer committed suicide, but family insists he was murdered. South Korea Wants Japan to Apologize to WWII Sex Slaves Less Than A Week After Failing Last Attempt, UK Lords Try To Sneak Through Snooper's Charter Once Again ISIS Is Handing Out Stolen U.N. Humanitarian Aid With Its Own Logo The proRussian separatist leader in eastern Ukraine's rebel hub of Donetsk vowed Monday to mobilize 100,000 fighters for their latest offensive against Kiev forces. Obama Greece needs growth, not more austerity One of two Russian bombers carried a nuke while flying over the English Channel  British MoD source SpaceX and Google form joint partnership to bring Internet access to the world Tens of thousands of longtime Palestinian refugees in a camp on the outskirts of the Syrian capital have been cut off from United Nations emergency aid for nearly two months by armed groups that are preventing access Fire Guts Major Russian Library, Destroying Millions of Books, documents  Vladimir Fortov, president of Russian Academy of Sciences', compares it to a cultural Chernobyl 8,700 people file lawsuit against Japanese newspaper's articles on 'Sex Slaves' of World War II arguing that they damaged Japanese people's personal rights and honour Michelangelo bronzes discovered. US considers providing arms to Ukraine as rebels step up attacks, says report Syrizaled Greek parliament will never ratify TTIP