 NASA is planning a mission to Europa, one of the best candidates for alien life Twoyearold Indian boy's heart beats in that of a Russian child  India's first paediatric heart transplant performed Over 100 drugged and raped in Japan fake clinical study CCTV footage exposes slaughterhouse cruelty Sheep are punched, kicked and thrown in the secretly recorded video that has prompted an FSA investigation. Campaigners and MPs are calling for CCTV cameras at every abattoir after footage revealed extreme animal cruelty at a halal slaughterhouse. Worlds most expensive drug  which costs up to $700,000 per year  too expensive Canadas drugprice regulator has taken the rare step of calling a hearing into what is considered the worlds most expensive prescription medicine, accusing its manufacturer of exceeding the permissible price cap. President Obama US deploying all available assets to free 26year old American woman captured by Islamic State Kim Jongun Says N.Korean Poverty Keeps Him Up at Night French troops kill around a dozen Islamist militants in Mali Their Relationships Are Criminal, But These Indians Still Marched In A Pride Parade Hundreds of people took to the streets under rainbow flags for a pride parade in Mumbai, India on Saturday, despite a law that criminalizes homosexual sex Norway banishes 'hate preacher' to remote village Russia Plans Joint Military Drills With North Korea and Cuba Egypt 'Covering Up' Protest Deaths, Human Rights Group Says 'If Ukraine conflict ends, EU might enter trade zone with Russia'  Merkel Indian administration disconnects power supply to 98 tanneries stopped for polluting the Ganga river. Only 8 of 74 Chinese cities meet pollution standards Canada sends robots to Kurdistan to help clear ISIS mines Police alerted to planned march against Jewification of north London borough Head of U.N. inquiry into Gaza conflict to quit over Israeli bias claim Casualties in shopping centre explosion in Perth. US increasingly concerned that Russia is intent on partitioning Ukraine An entire city is going to be wiped off the map in Egypt  The city of Rafah is to be demolished to make way for a security uffer zone' in an attempt to stop militant activity and smuggling. Barack Obama proposes over $1 billion civil, military aid to Pakistan Head of UN Gaza inquiry quits, cites Israel's bias claims over consulting work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organization Suicides in Greece surged by a third after the country implemented an austerity programme in June 2011, health investigators said on Monday Indian government launches its own low cost medicine brand  Jan Aushadhi (People's Medicine) Draft of Arrest Warrant for Argentine President Found at Dead Prosecutors Home New allegations of Saudi involvement in 9/11 ISIS Burns Jordanian Pilot Alive Jordan executes two Iraqi militants in response to pilot's death. The US has lost control of 400 million dollars worth of weapons in Yemen Jets bomb Boko Haram in Nigeria's first major offensive Taiwan TransAsia plane crashlands in Taipei river ISIS captors 'didn't even have the Quran,' says former hostage Jordan to execute within hours jailed woman militant it had sought to swap for pilot killed by Islamic State Isis set up giant screens in Raqqa showing Jordanian pilot burning to death cheered on by crowds Putin asks Ukraine to repay a $3 billion loan because Russia needs the money to fight its financial crisis ISIS throws gay Syrian man seven stories; the man survives, but is then stoned to death The head of Sunni Islams most respected seat of learning has expressed his outrage over the purported burning to death by the Islamic State group of a captured Jordanian pilot, calling for the killing, crucifixion or chopping off the limbs of the militants. Saudi prince to hunt rare bird in Chagai, Pakistan despite court ban . Poland ready to sell weapons to Ukraine 'Missing Oil' from 2010 BP Spill Found on Gulf Seafloor. China to ban Internet parody accounts, enforce realname registration. Sheikh of AlAzhar calls to kill, crucify and dismember 'satanists of ISIS' North Korea Threatens US With 'Final Doom' Russia announces plans for joint military drills with North Korea Moussaoui, former Al Qaeda Member, Calls Saudi Princes Patrons of Al Qaeda Jordan will execute female failed sucide bomber on Wednesday After ISIS execution, angry King Abdullah quotes Clint Eastwood to U.S. lawmakers At least four people are reported dead after a shell hit a hospital in the rebelheld city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine. Hamas Claims Egypt Opened Fire on its 'Military Posts' in Gaza. Jordan carries out air strikes in Iraq, killing 55 IS militants Russian woman faces 20 years in prison for revealing Russian forces to be deployed to the Ukraine No, Jordan's King Abdullah II is not personally flying planes against ISIS Edward Snowden Is More Admired than President Obama in Germany and Russia ISIS Treasurer Reportedly Steals $1M From Group, Flees To Turkey UN claim ISIS selling, crucifying, burying children alive in Iraq Kurdish president we are ready to go into the final war against ISIS Great Barrier Reef set for surprise electoral win. Labor opposition's pledges include a save the reef policy that would remove subsidies for coal mines in the Galilee Basin Scientists crack the code of viral replication, which may lead to erradication of the common cold. Half of Danes want to limit [the number of] Muslims in Denmark Japan is considering making it compulsory for workers to take at least five days paid holiday a year, in a bid to lessen the toll on mental and physical health in a country famed for its long hours. Norway planning to criminalize not only beggars, but also those who help them in any way. Pentagon 2008 study claims Putin has Asperger's syndrome Argentina's President, Christina Fernandez, mocks Chinese for inability to pronounce R on her visit to China. Russian Inflation Soars to Staggering 15 Percent 4,000Strong Christian Militia Formed to Fight ISIS in Northern Iraq It would take 100,000 ground troops to effectively respond to ISIS, says CIA insider Westerners join Kurds fighting IS ISIS Selling, Crucifying Children Isis dares Jordan to avenge their pilot Hamas leader calls for Lebanon, Syria branches to attack Israel Pope Orders Bishops to Comply With Sex Abuse Commission The Berlin Patient, first and only person cured of HIV, speaks out  Medical News Today Ross Ulbricht Convicted of Running Silk Road as Dread Pirate Roberts Islamic State executes three of its Chinese militants China paper Supreme Court of Canada strikes down ban on doctorassisted suicide ISIS bomb factory, compound in Iraq destroyed by Canadian fighter jets Scientists have found a 10 million gallon ath mat' of oil on the floor of the Gulf of Mexico U.S. considers declassifying report on Saudi funding of al Qaeda As a curfew is lifted, Baghdad is at long last partying again  Iraqi government abolished the nighttime curfew imposed on Baghdad by U.S. troops in 2003 Chinese farmer finds 7.85kg gold nugget worth $250,000 on the ground 10 Million Taxpayer Pounds Spent on Assange Stakeout  More Than UK Spent on Iraq War Inquiry The Worlds Email Encryption Software Relies on One Guy, Who is Going Broke Australian Prime Minister Abbott could lose his position in leadership spill We are upping the ante. We're going after (ISIS) wherever they are, with everything that we have, Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh tells news agency CNN GCHQ mass internet surveillance was unlawful, rules UK's most secretive court. Access to intercepted information obtained by the NSA breached human rights laws, according to the Investigative Powers Tribunal Amsterdam aims to give prostitutes shared ownership in brothels 2,089 billionaires in the world Hurun Global Rich List releases list of who they are, where they live and how they made their fortunes Kerry on the war in Ukraine We want a diplomatic solution but we cannot close our eyes to tanks that are crossing the border from Russia and coming into Ukraine. We cant close our eyes to Russian fighters in unmarked uniforms leading individual companies of socalled separatists in battle EU set to Ban lion hunting trophy imports. Only about 400 lions left in the wild in west Africa. Hundreds of children, forced to work in inhuman conditions, have been rescued from factories in southern India. At least 350 children were removed during raids on leather tanning and plastic workshops in Hyderabad, over a 10day period. They were working long hours in deplorable surroundings Turkey pulls out of Munich security conference to avoid Israeli delegation Wales Says No To Fracking Until 'Proven Safe' Australian prime minister Tony Abbott may be deposed after party revolt. Liberal MP who wants change in leadership says knighthood for Prince Philip was final proof of prime ministers disconnection with the people. Jordan, Unabashed, Announces Latest Bombing Raid on ISIS Targets Even Al Qaeda Condemns ISIS burning of pilot. Russian taxpayers on the hook as oligarchs unload Sochi Olympics assets Fire Your Indonesian Maid Now declared the advertisement for a vacuum cleaner in Malaysia. The Indonesians are not happy. Their ambassador wants it banned, denouncing the ad as demeaning and insensitive to his countrymen. Norway, one of world's richest nations, drops plan to ban beggars Finnish Defence Minister Russian jets not trustworthy Minister Carl Haglund says he does not trust Russia at all and that he could not back Finlands purchase of Russian fighter jets. Top UN Official Says 'Global War on Terror' Is Laying Waste to Human RightsBattling terrorism shouldnt justify torture or mass surveillance Germany is battling a measles outbreak that is 10 times worse than the one in the U.S. Girls can marry aged nine, says new Islamic State guide for women New law in Japan would force overachievers to take more vacation Islamic StateWe will enter Bahrain by arms not passports, and we will behead the King Pope says its okay to smack your children, says a good father is able to correct with firmness Tax havens such as Bermuda, Jersey and Guernsey will have six months to open their books or face international blacklisting if Labour wins the General Election in May, Ed Miliband has vowed. Niger forces kill 109 Boko Haram militants in battle state TV I'm Muslim, I love Hindus campaign will destroy Islamic faith, ISMA claims Two American sisters have been arrested in Cambodia for taking naked photos of each other inside the countrys famed Angkor temple complex, officials said Saturday  the latest nude stunt by tourists to spark anger. Europeans warn Washington arming Kiev will backfire China seizes toilet rolls depicting Hong Kong leader CY Leung  Authorities grab 7,600 toilet rolls & 20,000 packets of tissue printed with his image. Hong Kong's Democratic Party, which planned to sell the novelty items at a fair, calls seizure a violation of freedom of expression. ISIS Claims American Hostage Killed by Jordanian Retaliation Bombings White House Considers Declassifying 28 Pages on Alleged Saudi Government Role in 9/11 Kim Jongun executes deputy for disagreeing with him 16 Year Old Girl Killed, 4 People Injured in Terrorist Bombing in Alexandria, Egypt. Mexican Social Activist Found Dead in 'Political Crime' CNN Merkel 'We want to shape security with Russia' World's biggest sovereign wealth fund dumps dozens of coal companies In Historic Ruling, U.K. Surveillance Secrecy Declared Unlawful In Latest Vindication of Snowden, Court Rules UK Mass Surveillance Illegal 'We must not allow agencies to continue justifying mass surveillance programmes using secret interpretations of secret laws,' said Privacy International director Eric King U.S. and U.Ks Sharing of Mass Surveillance Intel Ruled Unlawful Explosion rocks Gaza in apparent assassination attempt Vehicle of senior Hamas official blown up by Palestinian assailants in sign of increasing instability in the Strip Six residents of the United States were indicted Friday on terrorism charges involving the Islamist terror group ISIS Obama U.S. should not 'overreach' in overseas conflicts Ukranian President shows off to the world leaders the military ID of Russian soldiers and officers captured in Ukraine | Our neighbour has breached international law and annexed part of our territory.Today a former strategic partner is waging a hidden war against a sovereign state Jamaica Passes Landmark Marijuana Law On The 70th Birthday Of Bob Marley Jordan vows to completely wipe out ISIS Over 500 rabbis urge Israel to stop demolition of Palestinian homes. Rabbis for Human Rights (RHR) say Benjamin Netanyahu's stance is against international law and Jewish tradition. The woman who alleges that she was made to have sex with Prince Andrew when she was 17 has told a court she believes US authorities hold video footage of her having underage sex with powerful associates of Andrews friend Jeffrey Epstein. ISIL burns 16 Iraqis to death for not pledging allegiance Mass breakout from Brazilian jail after female inmates in fantasy police costumes seduce prison wardens  28 prisoners escaped, including the boyfriend of one of the temptresses allied troops fathered 400,000 children in postwar germany WikiLeaks Sweden Tells the UN that Indefinite Detention Without Charge is Fine Uber's plans to be cheaper than owning a car  Uber CEO explains his companys highly ambitious goal to end car ownership in the world Returned German jihadists reveal brutality  SOME 200 German jihadists have returned from the fighting and one in five of them is cooperating with German security services and giving details of the time spent with IS Lebanese Army receives US weapon shipment. The shipment included over 70 M198 Howitzers as well as 26 million rounds of ammunition including small, medium and heavy artillery rounds Jordan ISIS lost 20% of its military capabilities since the start of U.S.led coalition air strikes in September Mexico's President Appoints a 'Friend' as His New AntiCorruption Chief UAE Sends F16 Squadron to Jordan to Wage Air Campaign Against ISIL First stars in universe were born 100 million years later than previously thought. Church of England may sell 3m stake in mining firm over fears for gorilla haven. Move follows film backed by Leonardo DiCaprio and pleas by environmentalists to protect Congos Virunga park. Alarm bells sound over 'unsustainable' householddebt levels in Canada ISIS in Mosul Orders Families to Give Up Sons to Become Jihadis An Egyptian court has set Feb. 24 as the date to consider a lawsuit demanding that Turkey be designated as a state that supports terrorism''Turkey has adopted hostile stances against Egypt after it became a haven for Muslim Brotherhood leaders who face criminal charges in Egypt'' The Prime Minister of Iraq, Haider alAbadi, has called on Turkey to step up border patrols and stop the flow of terrorists as the government in Baghdad is locked in fierce battle with ISIS terrorists Australian Liberal MP's have 24 hours to decide whether Tony Abbott should remain Prime Minister. 36 killed in Baghdad suicide bombings of supermarket/restaurant. Over 100 injured. Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry both met informally with Isaac Herzog  head of the Labor Party and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus chief rival in the Israeli elections Japan seizes passport of journalist planning Syria trip Huge Explosion at Chemical Plant in Ukraine Jordan Approximately 7,000 IS members killed in strikes HSBC files show how Swiss bank helped clients dodge taxes and hide millions India is now officially the world's fastest growing big economy Report Hooded gunmen fire on police in Marseille, France Plane carrying Chile soccer stars found, 50 years later Germany rejects Greek claim for World War Two reparations Tony Abbott wins spill vote, will continue as Prime Minister Italian policeman who posed as a host on the Couchsurfing website has been charged with drugging and raping a 16yearold Australian girl Russia is reportedly getting military bases in an EU state EU warns Greece don't assume euro zone will accept your demands Britain Putin acting like mid 20th century tyrant over Ukraine Thousands of British Muslims protest against Charlie Hebdo magazine for publishing cartoons of Prophet Mohammed Militants blow up Pakistan girls school HSBC is in hot water in the UK and Europe after its Swiss arm was alleged to have helped clients evade millions of pounds in tax, with Belgium preparing to issuing a police warrant for the group's directors. Australian Windfarms Face $13 Billion Wipeout from Political Impasse  Australia faces a $13.3 billion exodus of investment from its windfarm industry because of a political deadlock, threatening to kill hopes of meeting a selfimposed clean energy target West 'caused Ukraine crisis'  Putin French law blocking terrorist and child abuse sites comes into effect Law that allows blockade of offending sites without a court order criticised by freespeech groups as circumventing judicial power Palestinian illegally staying in Israel saved two Jews from a mob Canadian army loses expensive GPSguided shells while leaving Afghanistan Moscow & Cairo to drop USD, use national currencies in bilateral trade  Putin Lithuanian president in Munich To betray Ukraine would mean to betray ourselves Mass grave with 62 bodies found in Colombia Samsung Privacy Policy Watch What You Say Around Your Smart TV. France can now block suspected terrorism websites without a court order Mugabe falls '27 bodyguards punished' after Zimbabwe president stumbles on carpet Twitter says Russia repeatedly tried to erase tweets by critics of Putin. Israeli who placed bomb at Palestinian girls' school released from prison early. The Indian Supreme Court Just Told Muslims They Can't Have Multiple Wives Young girls who choose to get the HPV vaccinewhich helps prevent genital warts, cervical cancer and a host of other deadly diseasesdo not suffer from higher rates of sexually transmitted infections, according to a new study. American ISIS Hostage Kayla Mueller Is Dead, Family Confirms Retired Master Cpl. Paul Franklin, who lost both legs in Afghanistan to a suicide bomber in 2006, says every year he has to prove to Canadian Veterans Affairs that he still has no legs and needs a wheelchair. Jordan Moves Thousands of Troops to Border With Iraq India anticorruption party routs BJP  Wins 95% seats in a historical win ISIS recruiter, freed from Gitmo, killed in drone strike in Afghanistan Obama Asks Germany to Stop 'Assuming the Worst' About NSA Spying An original copy of the Magna Carta has been discovered in a scrapbook in Kent, England. Ukrainian soldiers seize Russian tank in nocturnal raid Ukrainian journalist faces 15 years in jail after calls to boycott the draft Aboriginals sue Canadian government over adoptions to white families during 1960s Aboriginals who were adopted into white families during the 1960s Scoop are suing the federal government for the loss of their culture and emotional trauma. Australia's Great Barrier Reef could be severely damaged if the government does not completely ban the dumping of dredge waste in the World Heritagelisted waters, a report commissioned by conservation group WWF say. Samsung warn consumers not to discuss personal info in front of its voice activated TV's ISIS suspect ''The Turkish Intelligence Agency, MT, helped us smuggle arms to radical groups in Syria'' UK spent 300 times more on fossil fuels than clean energy despite green pledge HSBC leak shows Venezuela among top clients in secret Swiss bank accounts Obama 'may supply arms to Ukraine' The Justice Department is pushing some of the biggest banks on Wall Street  including, for the first time in decades, American institutions  to plead guilty to criminal charges that they manipulated the prices of foreign currencies. Obama If Putin Really Wanted Ukraine, He Could Take It Obama Says Russia Has Clearly Violated Agreement On Ukraine Hong Kongbased bitcoin exchange MyCoin has allegedly shut its doors and stolen HKD 3 billion ($386.9 million) in the process Obama sends Congress draft war authorization that says Islamic State 'poses grave threat' Puerto Rico considers fining parents of obese children up to $800 Meteor explodes over New Zealand Pagan 'Sea God' statue to be replaced and reinforced after global support Tesla only sold 120 cars in China in January, CEO Elon Musk Threatens to fire Executives Sharia4Belgium trial Belgian court jails members. The judge called the organisation a terrorist group and sentenced leader Fouad Belkacem to 12 years in jail. Turkey investigating computer game Minecraft for being too violent USA Guantnamo 9/11 military hearing halted after defendant claims court interpreter worked at CIA black site French govt allowed to block sites featuring terrorism with no court order Italy To Supply Kurdish Peshmerga with Advanced Weapons, Including Kurdistan's FirstEver Military Helicopter Pakistan likely sheltered Osama Bin Laden ExISI chief The Palestinians will open an embassy in Stockholm Tuesday night, cementing closer ties just months after Sweden became the first western European Union country to recognize Palestine as a state. US army to start training Ukrainian troops, commander says US plans to establish military base in Kurdistan Thousands of Muslims protest Charlie Hebdo cartoons in London. 100,000 British Muslims sign petition against drawing of Mohammed Watching Assange is sucking our resources, U.K. chief says as police weigh costs Poachers kill rare Mali elephants  19 Gourma elephants have been killed in the past month. There are estimated to be just 350500 elephants left. Sweden has announced a 1.5 billion kronor ($180 million) Palestinian aid package. The leader of the French conservative UMP partys youth wing has stepped down after a newspaper revealed his residency permit had expired, and that he was therefore an undocumented immigrant in the country Australian mammals on brink of 'extinction calamity'  It's lost 1 in 10 of its native mammals species over the last 200 yrs in what conservationists describe as an extinction calamity. No other nation has had such a high rate of loss of land mammals over this time period. US Deploys A10s to Europe Amid Debate to Arm Ukraine More Israeli aid set to reach Kurdish Yazidi, Christian refugees of Islamic State Pakistan's main intelligence agency probably knew where Osama Bin Laden was hiding and hoped to use him as a bargaining chip before he was killed by US forces in 2011, a former spymaster has said. Unemployment causes 45,000 suicides a year worldwide, finds study Researchers say unemployment linked to more suicides than recession and that risk among jobless is stronger where more people are in work U.S Closes Embassy in Yemen. England bans smoking in cars containing children. Ukraine 50 Russian tanks and 40 missile systems rolled into the country while Putin talked peace Russian President Vladimir Putin announces ceasefire for eastern Ukraine to start on 15 February Paris Votes To Sue Fox News King of Spain takes 20percent salary cut in push for modest monarchy Two Sydney Men With Islamic State Flag Give Terror Threat In Video, Get Arrested Minutes Before Attack Lawyer moved Halliburton subsidiary bribes through secret Swiss HSBC accounts Files open new window on $182 million Halliburton bribery scandal in Nigeria Turkish parents complain of push towards religious schools Dominik Hasek will give his olympic gold to whoever will return czech children taken by norwegian authorities to their mother Vietnamese police catch poachers with endangered Pangolins. The poachers were fined, but the live animals were then sold to local restaurants Beating heart cells created in Simon Fraser University lab Kim Jongun urges N. Korean troops to get combatready Toxic orange cloud spreads after chemical blast near Barcelona SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 10 people from Quebec who contracted measles from the Disney Land outbreak were all unvaccinated European Parliament to investigate CIAs torture and rendition operations in EU 70% of Kuwait has just been hit with an electrical power outage. ExKorean Air executive gets 1 year in prison over 'nut rage' ProRussian Rebels Refuse to Sign Peace Agreement US weapons to Ukraine 'would be matched by Russian arms to rebels'  International Institute for Strategic Studies warns that Moscow could arm separatists more quickly than US could reinforce Ukraines forces Network of 250 Spanish butchers and phone shops funding jihadists in Syria  ISIS sympathizers using hawala system to secretly transfer money to terrorists, say police; Spanish police conducting 368 investigations into Islamist terrorism ISIL executes 23 of its members in north Iraq Japans nuclear regulator on Thursday cleared a second set of reactors for restart, another step toward returning the country to nuclear power after the Fukushima disaster of 2011 led to the shutdown of all units. Israels Intelligence Affairs Minister Yuval Steinitz warns that Israel might act unilaterally against Iran if Nuclear Deal goes ahead Over 100 neolithic cult sites containing sexual carvings, graves and humanlike figures, and dating back roughly 8,000 years, have been found in the Eilat Mountains in southern Israel. 'Operation Death Eaters' Anonymous Wade Into Child Sex Abuse Scandal And Threaten To Expose High Profile Abusers Google waited six months to tell WikiLeaks it passed employee data to FBI | Tech giant facing renewed questions about user data as WikiLeaks lawyer says The question I have is what caused this sixmonth delay? Every ocean now has a massive plastic garbage patch Isis Eight wouldbe suicide bombers killed while entering Iraqi base hosting US forces Vatican mulling new department to tackle environmental issues. Pope Francis has said that man is destroying nature and betraying God's calling to be stewards of creation. Revenge porn, posting sexual images without consent, outlawed in Britain  CBC News Chess to be taught in Spanish schools Spains government is set to add chess to the school curriculum after politicians of all stripes unanimously agreed on the proposal. Iceland jails former bank bosses; Four bosses of fallen bank Kaupthing sentenced to 4  5 1/2 years in prison for market abuse after failed appeal. One year in prison for Korean Air heiress whose tantrum over macadamia nuts delayed flight Canadian Prime Minister vows to appeal court ruling allowing women to wear niqab during citizenship oath, calls it offensive Elderly woman filmed confronting ISIS militants and branding them 'devils' Scientists at a US science conference have said it is now time to actively try to contact intelligent life on other worlds. Unemployment Is Killing 45,000 People Each Year  The number of suicides related to unemployment remains stubbornly high despite the improving economy, according to a study published this week. Study World dumps 8.8 million tons of plastics into oceans Brazilians Hoard Water, Prepare for Possible Drastic Rationing Turkish police use water cannon on protestors decrying religion in schools Kill Dolphins, Whales To Reduce Competition For Fishermen, Suggests Mayor Of Beachside Town In Philippines Ukraine Provenance of Photos Showing Atrocities Questioned [NSFW] Rosetta stonestyle stele unearthed in the Mediterranean coast Fracking will be allowed under national parks, UK decides Woman linked to Paris attacks appears in ISIS propaganda Saudi Arabia engineered oil crisis Dallas Fed chief United Nations Envoy 'President Bashar Al Assad of Syria is part of the solution' Boy flogged 60 times in town square for calling ISIS the wrong name Islamic State Claims To Have Abducted 21 Coptic Christians In Libya Protests across Pakistan to denounce Taliban. Shooting at Danish blasphemy seminar Canada's 'Fox News North' Sun TV Network closes due to poor ratings Canadian Police Say They've Foiled Valentine's Day Mass Shooting Plot HSBC whistleblower There are 'more revelations' Apple CEO Tim Cook challenges Obama with impassioned stand on privacy Angela Merkel says sanctions on Russia scheduled for Monday will come into force At least 500 classical books, which were stolen from Italian libraries three years ago, were returned by German authorities on Friday. Polish Renaissance mathematician, Nicolaus Copernicus, and Italian physicist, Galileo Galilei, authored some of the books that are worth over 2.5 million euros. TPP protects rights holders, not consumers, says Senator Ludlam Kurds recapture more villages in Kobani from ISIL North Korea cancels mass games for 2015 1 billion people are expected to tune into India vs. Pakistan World Cup cricket match Doctors Worldwide Blast TPP's 'Chilling Effect' on Health, Climate Protections While US corporations have been involved in negotiations, 'health agencies have been forced to rely on leaks,' physicians point out ISIS releases video claiming to show 17 Kurdish fighters Paraded in cages 'to be burned alive' like Jordanian pilot Isis chops off women's hands 'for using mobile phones' in northern Iraqi city of Mosul 198 Whales stranded on a New Zealand Beach. ISIS Fighters Sneak Into Iraqi Base Wearing Iraqi Army Uniforms Hillary Clinton thinks Europe 'too wimpy' with Putin, London mayor says US Russia Resupplying ProRussian Forces as CeaseFire Nears ISIS to be banned in India Millions in Ebola funds unaccounted for in Sierra Leone Poroshenko Will Impose Martial Law If CeaseFire Fails Israeli house strikes killed mostly civilians Govt remove Greenpeace activist Priya Pillai's deplaning from UKbound flight, to prevent her from testifying against the Indian government's Mining project's that are destroying Forest land. HSBCs Swiss branch must repatriate the US$3 billion deposited in the 4,040 undeclared accounts held by Argentine citizens and companies, AFIP tax bureau chief Ricardo Echegaray said Resentment has mounted so much in South Korea against what has come to be known as gabjil, highhandedness by the rich and powerful, that parliamentarians are proposing legislation to punish some of the worst abuses. Anonymous hacking group shuts down over 800 Islamic State Twitter accounts Shots fired near Copenhagen synagogue U.S. Drops to 49th in World Press Freedom Rankings, Worst Since Obama Became President The countries immediately ahead of the U.S. are Malta, Niger, Burkino Faso, El Salvador, Tonga, Chile and Botswana Inside the ISIS plot to attack the heart of Europe Wiretaps of phone conversations and listening devices indicated the cell members were in the final stages of preparing a major terrorist attack in Belgium Copenhagen shootings Police kill 'gunman' after two attacks Braunschweig Carnival parade canceled over 'Islamist' terror alert Montreal borough cancels Muslim groups reservation at community centre after learning two fundamentalist imams were hosting the event Majority of Canadians appear to back mandatory childhood vaccination Sifting Ukrainian Fact From Ukrainian Fiction Video of Senator James Inhofe presenting photographs to the Senate on Wednesday of what he said were Russian tanks in Ukraine. Two of the images were in fact taken in 2008 during Russia's war with Georgia The Islamic State Inches Toward a Showdown With the U.S. Marine Corps Over 700 artists announce a cultural boycott of Israel. They say they will not accept invitations to Israel, or funding from institutions linked to its government. Greek Minister (Syriza) pledges to shut immigrant detention centers''I'm here to express my shame, not as a minister but as a human being, he said. I couldn't believe what I saw. I really could not believe it. This must change and it must change immediately. The Japanese and U.S. governments are making arrangements to issue a joint statement that will set forth a stronger JapanU.S. alliance, based on their bilateral relationship over the 70 years since the end of World War II. Second Argentine prosecutor renews probe of President there is enough evidence to continue investigation into whether President Cristina Fernandez hid Iran's alleged role in a deadly 1994 bombing, a probe that paused after a different prosecutor died mysteriously last month Denmark contradicts Netanyahu, urges Jews to stay put despite terror attacks Japanese officials cried alarm on Sunday as Chinese patrol ships entered the waters of the Japanesecontrolled Senkaku Islands, and Chinese officials vowed to increase their presence in the area. Isis threatens to attack France, Belgium American AH64 Apache helicopters attack ISIS base; attack helicopters equipped with numerous heavy weapons, including 30 mm machine guns, Hellfire airtosurface antiarmor missiles and in some cases Hydra 70 rockets. Georgias exPresident Saakashvili who is wanted in his home country, has been appointed an aide to the Ukraine President to help the wartorn country on its path to reform. Gunmen attacked a vehicle carrying a polio vaccination team in northwestern Pakistan on Saturday, killing the driver and wounding a health care worker, according to police officials. Ukrainian leader says ceasefire in effect One of the worlds largest airlines makes its flight attendants ask permission before getting married Boko Haram plans massacre of 200,000 Christians Binyamin Netanyahu in climbdown over prize judges Israels PM has been ordered by the countrys attorney general to reinstate three judges he removed from the Israel prize because of their leftwing views 64 ISIS Members Killed As Egypt Launches First Foreign Strikes In 24 Years ISIS in Libya releases a video of beheading 21 Egyptian Christians. Croatia Has Its First Female President Former intelligence officer says PM Harper of Canada is using fascist techniques to fast track his antiterror bill, and it will cause more terrorism, not less. Bill Clinton Apologizes To Mexico For War On Drugs Hundreds of Jewish tombs damaged in northern France MI5 is facing allegations it was complicit in the sexual abuse of children, the high court in Northern Ireland will hear on Tuesday. Victims of the abuse are taking legal action to force a full independent inquiry with the power to compel witnesses to testify Poland kicks off unprecedented military spending spree Heavy shelling hits Ukraine town where rebels reject ceasefire The United States has stopped updating Israel about developments in nuclear negotiations with Iran in response to Netanyahu's planned congress speech, after Boehner admits he failed to tell administration he had invited PM. India to build worlds largest solar power plant EU acknowledges 'Russian forces in Ukraine' Japan 'pledges $15m to fight armed groups' following murder of Japanese citizens The man who is suspected of having shot two people dead in Copenhagen was 22 years old and born in Denmark, Copenhagen Police said on Sunday. Egypt says they have found a 2.5kilometer smuggling tunnel leading into the Gaza Strip, the longest such passageway discovered in their crackdown on crossborder smuggling. The tunnel was operated by the military wing of the Palestinian Hamas movement, which Egypt says is a terrorist organization. Experts call for return to human intelligence after Snowden Israeli hospital rebuilds injured Syrian man's face Egypt ombs IS targets in Libya' Thai officials tell teens to buy smaller condoms  A Ministry of Public Health spokesman said teenagers feel pressured to buy larger condoms to avoid being mocked by their friends for having a small penis Spy agencies fund climate research in hunt for weather weapon, scientist fears  Alan Robock raises concern over who'd control climatealtering technologies if research is paid for by intelligence agencies. I think this should be out in the open & it has to be international... Ukraine says won't pull back heavy weapons because of rebel fire. Air France jet makes emergency landing in Russia  Boeing 777 bound for Paris lands safely in Yekaterinburg in the Urals Moscow Ready to Squeeze Out Migrants If Unemployment Surges Nicaraguans demand action over illness killing thousands of sugar cane workers Families say government failing to address concerns that harsh working conditions are behind chronic kidney disease epidemic. A trafficker who raped and attacked young migrant girls he had led through the desert to Libya to make the perilous crossing to Italy was sentenced to 30 years by an Italian court. An Australian learner driver who stitched his own chainsaw wound and drank gin for the pain before driving to hospital has lost a Supreme Court appeal against a drinkdriving charge. Ukraine Truce 'Broken 139 Times' On First Day Magnitude 6.9 earthquake recorded in Northern Japan, tsunami warning issued 71% of Chileans Approve Legislation to Decriminalize Abortion Mexican Marijuana Production Slumps in Face of US Legalization Japans conservative Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Tuesday his government would uphold Tokyos official apology for the damage and suffering it inflicted on its neighbors during World War II. Major war likely in Ukraine, says Prime Minister of Slovakia. CIA Bought and Destroyed Iraqi Chemical Weapons CIA purchased nerveagent rockets from sellers part of an undisclosed effort to ensure remaining chemical weapons did not fall into terrorists hands. The arms purchase plan, known as Operation Avarice, began in 2005 and continued into 2006. Islamic State militants urn to death 45 in Iraq' Robert Mugabe's birthday party cooks up elephantine storm before it starts  Donation of meat from elephants, buffalo, sables, impalas and a lion for Zimbabwean presidents 91st angers more than just conservationists A Palestinian rap band has threatened to take legal action against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's rightwing Likud party for releasing a campaign ad in which their song is associated with ISIS All 6000 of Jodrans mosques to run on solar energy. China Reporters attacked for snapping police chief feasting on rare giant salamander Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei says Islam has ordered Muslims to treat the followers of other religions with fairness and justice. France debates ban on Muslim veils in universities Greece rejects EU bailout offer as absurd Scientists identify drug that could block multiple sclerosis Vicente Fox Stumps to Legalize All Drugs Worldwide 5 French teens held for vandalizing Jewish graves The president of Egypt has called on the UN to authorize an international coalition to fight Islamic State in Libya. ElSissi said the coalition that fought Moammar Gadhafi.had abandoned the Libyan people. At least 18 dead in Haiti Carnival accident Russian Prosecutors Seek 10 Year Sentence for Putin Critic Alexey Navalny Turkey women share harassment stories after grim murder  Women dress in black, take to streets and post stories of harassment online after murder of student Hezbollah leader denounces mass beheading of Egyptian Christian hostages in Libya, says Israel's Mossad and CIA behind Islamic State Putin Fires Medvedev Ally as Kremlin Rift Grows Malawi bans child marriage, lifts minimum age to 18 Ineffective homeopathic alternatives to vaccines should be taken off the market because they are a dangerous distraction, Canadian public health officials urge as infectious diseases such as measles make a comeback. 15 year old girl strip searched at Canadian school; Education minister defends practice, says it is OK if done respectfully; girl feels violated and destroyed. Thailand To Give Chinese Tourists Etiquette Manuals Norwegian Muslims volunteer to protect synagogue Nigeria kills 300 Boko Haram militants in recapture of 11 towns military Four members of a polio immunization team have been found murdered after being kidnapped in southwest Pakistan, officials said Wednesday. Italy Fears ISIS Invasion From Libya UK parliament calls for Internet to be classified as a public utility After searing tragedy, Everests deadliest route is now offlimits. The mountain has been deteriorating rapidly the past three years due global warming and the breakdown in the Khumbu Icefall is dramatic France Is Getting More Intolerant and Racist, According to Human Rights Report Germany's army is in very bad shape Soldiers painted broomsticks black to replace missing machine gun barrels during Nato manoeuvre in Norway. Using nanoparticles to simulate the way the sky diffuses sunlight, an Italian company has developed a new type of artificial lighting that is indistinguishable from natural daylight to the human eye, cameras or computers The massive plume on the surface of Mars no one can explain Claims ISIS are now organ harvesting after shallow mass graves contained bodies with surgical incisions and missing kidneys Ukraine retreating from siege town Study finds 'the principal drivers of political violence are rooted not in poverty, but in experiences of injustice discrimination, corruption and abuse by security forces.' CNN/ORC poll Majority of Americans oppose Netanyahu invite Polands complicity in CIA torture programme confirmed as European Court rejects Warsaws appeal Putin tells Kiev to let troops surrender as Ukraine ceasefire unravels U.S. says 'proxy war' with Russia not in Ukraine's interest Suicide Bomber Kills Up to 8 in Xinjiang, China Peter Oborne Quits The Daily Telegraph Over Newspaper's 'Fraudulent' Coverage Of The HSBC Scandal ISIS launches major assault on Kurdish front Quebec education minister says students can be stripped search in schools without police present Lenovo Caught Installing Adware On New Computers Israeli Prime Minister Candidate Isaac Herzog says in an interview the country's people are fed up with Benjamin Netanyahu's politics of fear. If elected, he says he wants to reignite the peace process and is prepared to negotiate with the Palestinians. Netanyahu humiliated after he tries to play down wealth with video recorded in his decrepit home... which is revealed to be his servants' quarters Poverty in Germany at its highest since reunification. Some 12.5 million Germans are now classified as poor. Tens of thousands of people demanding justice marched Wednesday despite pouring rain in Buenos Aires to mark a month since the suspicious death of a prosecutor who was ready to accuse the Argentine president of a massive coverup. Germany rejects Greek loan request Uk defense minister Mr Putin is as great a threat to Europe as Islamic State | You have jets being flown up the English Channel and you have submarines in the north sea, it looks to me like the cold war it's warming up UK admits unlawfully monitoring legally privileged communications  Intelligence agencies have been monitoring conversations between lawyers and their clients for past five years, government admits So Paulo Is Running So Low on Water People Might Be Warned to Flee Cheering for the Islamic State on Facebook can get you jailed in the UK. SecretaryGeneral of Hezbollah, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, said that Mecca and Medina are the main targets of IS, not Jerusalem, pointing out that its caliphate cannot prevail without the Two Holy Mosques. Calls on Saudia Arabia and Kuwait to end the Sectarian rifts and to join forces to combat IS Google warns of US government 'hacking any facility' in the world. Hamas prevents Arabic fiction award finalist from leaving Gaza Australian David Hicks held at Guantanamo says he was tortured for five years. NATO urges Russia to 'withdraw all its forces' from eastern Ukraine There was another star in the solar system when humans first spread from Africa Germany's army underequipped; Europe's armies only have one tenth of the strength of the U.S. Army Kyrgyzstan detains imam for 'encouraging followers to fight for Isis UK Russia's most advanced antiaircraft artillery system is being used in Ukraine RAF jets scrambled after Russian aircraft seen off Cornwall During the trial of the Islamic State militants who attacked Turkish forces at Nigde last year, court files revealed that Turkey, beyond supplying opposition forces with weapons and ammunition, had also given artillery support to Al Qaeda affiliated groups that captured Kassab in Syria last year. Nearly A Third Of Canadian Netflix Users Pretend To Be American ISIS threatens to send 500,000 migrants to Europe as a 'psychological weapon' Hundreds of thousands march in argentina, to honour the death of prosecutor nisman and to protest the goverment Pope Francis strongly criticizes gender theory, comparing it to nuclear arms Everest College, a U.S.owned chain of 14 private career schools, shut down in Ontario, Canada by provincial government after allegations of falsified job placement and grade data Another atheist sentenced in Egypt. University reported disbelieving student to the authorities NSA/GCHQ hacked into world's largest manufacturer of SIM cards, stealing encryption keys Family of girl stripsearched at Quebec school to sue school board Finnish President Signs SameSex Marriage Law Drugresistant malaria has been detected at the MyanmarIndia border and now poses an enormous threat to global health, scientists have said. ProRussian rebels in eastern Ukraine have broken a daysold ceasefire more than 250 times since it went into effect earlier this week, a US official said Thursday President Zuma to white South Africans  We're a rainbow nation and nobody will chase you away. We'll fight against those who will say so, so there must be no fear at all US Military Reveals Massive Plan To Attack, Retake Mosul From Islamic State Israel 'crucial and loyal ally in fight against Boko Haram,' says Nigerian gov't spokesperson Thousands of cats smuggled from China buried in Vietnamese cull. First reports suggested that many of the cats were buried alive but Hanoi police later issued a statement denying this happened, insisting they were crushed to death with a dump truck before being buried. German academics wait till Hitler's copyright expires to publish annotated version of Mein Kampf Ireland has just given Malta a naval ship, instead of selling it The Irish Government has donated the recentlydecommissioned L AOIFE to Malta to help the Mediterranean country deal with the ongoing refugee crisis in the region Iran has stopped questionable nuclear centrifuge testing IAEA Georgia condemns Russia, South Ossetia deal as step toward annexation US Embassy Turkey, US sign deal to train, arm Syrian rebels Thailand bans foreigners from paying Thai women to be surrogates, after highprofile cases spark debate  Case of boy with Down's syndrome put its surrogacy industry in the spotlight. His Thai surrogate said his Australian parents abandoned him, but took his healthy twin sister home. Israel increases Gaza exports and exit permits for merchants  COGAT increases quota for Gazan merchants traveling to West Bank, eases travel restrictions, and expands agricultural exports. Obama rejects as 'ugly lie' notion that West at war with Islam Venezuelan Opposition Leaders Say Caracas Mayor Arrested Tel Aviv bus stabber who injured 17 indicted Palestinian terrorist wanted to become a martyr, kill as many Israelis as possible, court documents show 2 Strong Cyclones Hit Remote Parts of Northern Australia NATO Urges Russia To 'Withdraw All Its Forces' from Eastern Ukraine The Islamic State caliphate is in danger of losing its main supply route Belarusian President Lukashenka, the last dictator of Europe, says his country is ready for a constructive dialogue with NATO | said the fighting in Ukraine has shown that Belarus must have an army capable of protecting its national interests US judge rejects BPs bid to decrease $13.7bn fine for 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill No one killed in Torch skyscraper fire in Dubai Fire rips through Torch skyscraper in Dubai, one of the tallest residential buildings in the world Obama said everyone wants secure mobile communications. But the NSA worked to undermine that. North Korea has 100,000 labourers working abroad in a statesponsored slavery scheme Critically endangered pangolins rescued, then sold as food  Vietnamese officials illegally trade 42 protected pangolins, placing a spotlight on the creatures, which are the most trafficked wild mammals in the world A parliamentary motion asking for an inquiry into the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's (ISIL) activities inside Turkey has been rejected by the votes from President Erdogan's ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP). US Judges will soon be able to issue worldwide warrants Copenhagen shooting 500 gather for gunman's funeral Tokyo is on high alert ahead of the annual city marathon on Feb. 22 following the recent hostage crisis where two Japanese nationals were held captive and killed by the Islamic State militant group. A civil war is brewing in Yemen Moody's downgrades Russia sovereign debt to junk Libyan chemical weapons 'seized by extremists' Russian Soldiers Were In Debaltseve Fighting Against Ukrainian Military, Claims Russian Newspaper Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday other countries should not have the illusion that they can attain military superiority over Russia Scattered across the ocean floor in the cold waters of the Arctic are nuclear submarines and reactors dumped by the Soviets up until the early 1990s. Now, as energy companies are seeking to drill in those same waters, the Russian government has shown an interest in cleaning up its nuclear waste. Russian expansionism may pose existential threat, says Nato general US, Iraq preparing a 20,000 man spring offensive to retake Mosul from ISIS Scared By Russia, Sweden And Finland Make War Pact Zambia's top prosecutor on Friday stunned a magistrate when he refused to prosecute himself on charges of abuse of office and declared himself a free man Stolen statue of Irish sea God Manannn mac Lir has been found French Carrier Enters Persian Gulf, ISIS Strike Missions Could Start Soon Isil suicide bombing kills at least 45 in Libya Fistfight breaks out in Turkeys parliament over controversial bill to increase police powers Researchers from Kaspersky Lab have uncovered the first ever Arabic language advanced persistent threat (APT) group. Dubbed Desert Falcons, the group of thirty or so attackers Leading ClimateDenier Harvard Scientist Caught Accepting Bribes from FossilFuel Corporations as well as the Koch Brothers. Australia's Prime Minister admits the system let us down as the government releases the first report into the Sydney siege A national security hotline received 18 calls about the selfstyled cleric Man Haron Monis just days before he took 18 people hostage at a cafe in Sydney. Deadly bomb blast hits peaceful rally in Kharkiv, Ukraine 19 aircraft were refused use of Irish airspace or airports in 2014 over concerns they were carrying indiscriminate military hardware like cluster bombs | The mainly US planes, classed as civilian, were rejected on advice from the Department of Foreign Affairs and forced to reroute. Fresh nuclear leak detected at Fukushima plant in Japan. Sensors, which were rigged to a gutter that pours rain and ground water at the Fukushima Daiichi plant to a nearby bay, detected contamination levels up to 70 times greater than the alreadyhigh radioactive status seen at the plant campus. Plastic waste from Pacific Ocean found in trout returning inland to spawn had perforated its stomach and shredded its anus raises concern over pollution levels decimating fish stock in future. Turkish men wear skirts in protest for victimized women Ancient fountain in Rome permanently damaged by rowdy Dutch soccer fans Saudi female TV presenters urged to dress more modestly  BBC News Modi bets on GM crops for India's second green revolution. Allowing GM crops is critical to Modi's goal of boosting dismal farm productivity in India, where urbanisation is devouring arable land and population growth will mean there are 1.5 billion mouths to feed by 2030  more even than China. Malta rejects Irish navy ship gift, calling it junk Filthy India air cutting 660 million lives short by 3 years Baghdad, the capital of Iraq, set to get first female mayor, Zekra Alwach will be the only female mayor of any Arab League capital. US Chevron quits shale gas operations in Romania. Bangladesh ferry capsizes after collision, at least 33 dead Pakistani and Indian doctors set up joint medical facility in Karachi Thailands militarydominated parliament has passed a law banning foreigners from paying Thai women to be surrogates, which threatens to push the countrys booming fertility tourism industry underground. The move follows a string of scandals involving Australians and Japanese who hired Thai women. Coldest Night of the Year homelessness fundraiser events cancelled...due to the cold Charlie Hebdo cartoonist receives online death threats from jihadists CocaCola bottler suspends operations in Mexican city following attacks on its workers and its trucks. CNN Kerry threatens more sanctions over Ukraine Turkey evacuates troops at historic tomb in Syria, one soldier killed [Unconfirmed]Turkey moves military into Syria Russia cut to 'junky Moody's; says Russia's economy is headed for a deep recession in 2015. India's Petroleum ministry leak 5 executives arrested for corporate espionage in what is being called a Rs 10,000 crore scam (~ US$1.6bn, GBP1bn, supporting link in comments). The family of the codebreaker Alan Turing will visit Downing Street on Monday to demand the government pardons 49,000 other men persecuted like him for their homosexuality. There's a massive new leak of confidential spy files from MI6, Mossad and the FSB China to credit Ukraine for $3.6 bln to reduce dependence on Russian gas Edward Snowden documentary Citizenfour wins Oscar Report ISIS leader gunned down in Mosul. Egypt's President It's time for an Arab coalition against ISIS Reuters bureau chief found dead in Islamabad Measles kill toddler in Berlin The vice principal of a Turkish high school who raised eyebrows after suggesting the formation of harassment teams to prevent female students from wearing short skirts, has been relieved from administrative duty and reappointed to another school as a plain teacher Israel is to purchase 14 F35 stealth fighters from US aerospace giant Lockheed Martin at a cost of around $110 million each Thirty Jihadis return home to Australia after being foreign fighters Indias Largest Bank Commits $12.5 Billion For Renewable Energy Funding Homeless Britons Are Turning To The Sikh Community For Food Grand Imam of Egypt's top Islamic Institution has called for a radical reform of religious teaching to tackle the spread of islamic extremism. Large Hadron Collider scientists gear up to discover new particle with a recent upgradea new particle could be detected this year that is even more exciting than the Higgs boson. Girl as young as seven kills herself and five others in Nigeria suicide bombing by Boko Haram Ukraine's army refuses to start withdrawing heavy weapons. A Ukrainian military spokesman told reporters on Monday that the move will not start before rebel attacks stop completely. The leader of an ISIS brigade in Qalamoun was shot dead by a senior official of his own group, in a disagreement over allegiances and relations with the Nusra Front. Putin approved Ukraine invasion before Kiev government collapsed A Russian newspaper claims to have an official government strategy document outlining the invasion of Ukraine that was prepared weeks before the Ukrainian government collapsed last year ISIS Destroy Virgin Mary Church and Central Library of Mosul Great Britain Baroness Warsi gave official roles to people with links to extremist groups France deployed an aircraft carrier in the Gulf as part of the USled military campaign against the Islamic State Israel asks UN to condemn Iran Holocaust cartoon contest Hindus urge Pope Francis to discipline Derry priest who warns of risk involved in yoga 'HamasFatah rift hindering efforts to rebuild Gaza,' Arab League says The city of Edmonton is considering adding an eleven kilometer (seven mile) 'freezeway' that will allow residents to skate to work, with a pilot project planned for as early as next winter. New Zealand to enter the war against ISIS 70 firms named and shamed after refusing to pay their worker the minimum wage Kim Jongun calls for full combat readiness for war with US Turkey paid Muslim Brotherhood $1 million dollars to eliminate Armenian Genocide documents. Japanese crown prince says country must not rewrite history of WW2  Naruhito makes rare statement on importance of correctly remembering Japans role in war as right wing attempts to downplay issue of sex slaves Al Jazeera Leaks Spy Cables reveal Mossad concluded that Iran was not producing nuclear weapons, after PM sounded alarm at UN in 2012. Nine killed in Czech Republic shooting NSA director defends plan to maintain ackdoors' into technology companies HSBC worlds 2nd largest bank apologizes for helping wealthy elite break domestic laws to evade taxes. Turkish Men Are Wearing Miniskirts to Fight for Womens Rights ISIS kidnaps 90 Christians in Syria CIA attempted to contact Hamas despite official US ban, spy cables reveal A US court in New York has found the Palestine Liberation Organization and the Palestinian Authority liable for attacks in Israel, the jury awarded victims of the attacks more than $218m. Canada's proposed antiterror bill raises alarm bells with former Prime Ministers and Supreme Court justices; PM Harper refuses to budge on lack of oversight of sweeping new powers. NSA chief declines comment on spyware reports, says program are lawful Putin War with Ukraine 'unlikely' National Security Officials Have Been Notified of Suspicious Tunnel Found Near 2015 PanAm Games Venue (Toronto) New Charlie Hebdo issue (Headline Here We Go Again!) marks return to business as usual Amur Leopard Doubles in Population. Now number at least 57 cats (up from just 30 cats in 2007) One fifth of Germans want revolution report A 94 year old SS Medic has been charged with 3,681 counts of murder in connection to Auschwitz. More Siberian methane blowholes found in permafrost Russia offers Iran modern missiles despite UN embargo Inside an ISIS Handbook for Foreigners Running to the Islamic State ISIS Burns 8000 Rare Books and Manuscripts in Mosul Satellite image research proves Russian artillery strikes into Ukraine, a fact previously denied by the Russian government NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden didnt mince words during a Reddit Ask Me Anything session on Monday when he said the NSA and the British spy agency GCHQ had screwed all of us when it hacked into the Dutch firm Gemalto to steal cryptographic keys used in billions of mobile SIM cards worldwide. Jamaica passes act decriminalizing possession of up to 2 oz of pot, paves way for medical marijuana Canadian PM Harper urges swift passage of antiterror bill; says public strongly supports bill, so little scrutiny of it is needed UK stuns Europe by sending troops to Ukraine U.S. military vehicles paraded 300 yards from the Russian border The majority of British Muslims oppose violence against people who publish images depicting the Prophet Muhammad, a poll for the BBC suggests. The survey also indicates most have no sympathy with those who want to fight against Western interests. A10 Warthogs return to Germany as situation in Ukraine deteriorates A prominent bishop accused Turkey of preventing Christians from fleeing Syria while allowing jihadists responsible for their persecution to cross its border unchecked. it allows through lorries, Daesh fighters, stolen oil, wheat & cotton all of these can cross the border but nobody can pass over First ever baby woolly rhino unearthed 18monthold 'Sasha' is found in the Siberian ice after being buried for 10,000 years Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' Reprinted in Germany for First Time Since WWII First day with no troops killed under Ukraine truce Brazil's environmental agency says it's detained a landgrabber thought to be the Amazon's single biggest deforester. Workers got a shock when they unearthed a rusted can labeled Zyklon B  the deadly poison gas used by the Nazis in Auschwitz McDonalds avoided paying over 1 Billion in European corporate taxes between 2009 and 2013, the report 'Unhappy Meal' released Wednesday by a coalition of trade unions and civil society organizations shows. Sec. of State John Kerry Russia is lying to my face about having troops in Ukraine | Russia has engaged in a rather remarkable period of the most overt and extensive propaganda exercise that Ive seen since the very height of the Cold War Radioactive Fukushima Water Leak Was Unreported for Months Official. Iranian cruise missiles blow up lifesize replica of American aircraft carrier British Infantry to train the Ukrainian army and provide tactical intelligence In training mission Swedish Police Mistake '21' Birthday Balloons for ISIS Initials Report Saudis might help Israel attack Iran in exchange for progress in peace process Pentagon will be deploying a small number of troops to Ukraine to provide combat medical training to forces there who have been battling Russianbacked separatists Egypt Interior Minister tells security forces to machinegun protesters in new leaks France says Russia would face more sanctions if Mariupol attacked The HSBC bank is accused of systematic involvement in tax evasion and money laundering to the tune of more than 100 billion euros. Actress Emma Thompson and her husband refuse to pay 'a penny more' in taxes until HSBC tax evaders go to jail HSBC bosses reject calls to quit after 'terrible list' of problems IS militant 'Jihadi John' named as Mohammed Emwazi from London One in three Germans say capitalism to blame for poverty, hunger | The survey found that more than 60 percent of Germans believe there is no genuine democracy in their country because industry has too much political influence and that the voice of the voters plays only a subordinate role. China bans ivory imports for 1 year to protect elephants Kerry Reminds Congress Netanyahu Advised U.S. to Invade Iraq McDonald's accused of avoiding 1 billion euros in taxes in Europe Apple ordered to pay $533 million for patent infringement ISIS losing ground to Kurds  Fears for 150 Christians abducted by the group grow as an ISIS supply line cut The death risk from smoking may be much higher than previously thought  tobacco kills up to two in every three smokers not one in every two, data from a large study suggests. U.S. deserter needs Iraq war crimes evidence to be refugee A U.S. soldier who deserted because he thought the Iraq war was illegal could have grounds for seeking asylum in Germany but only if he can show he would have been involved in war crimes, Europe's highest court said Poland to Send Troops to Help Train Ukrainian Army India calls for UN Security Council reforms this year It is ironical that calls for democracy and the rule of law are being made in a Council that itself embodies the undemocratic stranglehold of the privileges of a few, forged by a wartime alliance that no longer exists. ISIS Kidnaps 150 Christians in Northern Syria Adultery is no longer illegal in South Korea; 5,500 people formerly arraigned on charges in the past six years. Islamic State is selling looted Syrian art in London to fund its fight TTIP Transatlantic trade deal text leaked to BBC Catholic diocese raided in Oslo by police. Bishop suspected of wrongfully claiming as much as USD 13 million. US gifts military equipment to Poland The first Australian fighting with the Kurds against ISIS has been killed. ISIS militants destroyed 3,000yearold Iraqi artifacts with sledgehammers British schoolgirls are sneaking off to Syria via Turkey in pursuit of fun, adventure and the possibility of becoming wives of IS fighters After NSA Hack China Stops Buying Major US Tech Brands NATO commander warns about deteriorating situation in Ukraine fighting is getting worse everyday. France wants imams to learn secular values as part of new antiradicalisation push the French government will push imams to take universitylevel civics classes. American atheist blogger hacked to death in Bangladesh The big melt Antarctica's retreating ice may reshape Earth. Over at NASA, ice scientist Eric Rignot said the melting is going way faster than anyone had thought. It's kind of a red flag. German tank battalion to be activated amid russia crisis | Germany plans to activate a tank battalion that exists only on paper as it seeks to increase the country's military capability. The DM spoke of a changed security situation amid the conflict in Ukraine. Outrage over a school strip search of a 15 year old girl causes Education Minister who said such searches are OK if done respectfully to quit. 14 year old girl with cystic fibrosis pleas to Chile's President to be euthanized. Islamic campaigner who today defended ISIS executioner Jihadi John as a eautiful, kind young man' was filmed calling for jihad outside U.S Embassy Rare Intact Roman Tombstone Found in England Made from Cotswold limestone, the 1,800yearold inscribed stone was found in a grave  directly above an adult skeleton. Its the sort of thing archaeologists only find in places like Pompeii, the archaeologists, Neil Holbrook, told reporters. Argentina President Cristina Fernandez case dismissed Under U.S. Pressure, PayPal Nukes MEGA For Encrypting Files AlJazeera retracts and apologizes for false story on Gaza flooding Russia's Khodorkovsky Putin is a 'naked king' facing economic ruin Islamic State destroys 8th Century B.C. statue, among many other ancient and priceless ones. Dozens of new craters suspected in northern Russia Satellites show giant hole ringed by 20 aby craters' FIFA strips Qatar of the 2021 Confederation Cup Press Digest EU unveils new Energy Union to avoid Russian gas blackmail Assyrian Christians crowdfund an army to reclaim homeland from ISIL  Financed by a vast diaspora and trained by US vets, the Nineveh Protection Unit wants to 'cleanse' homeland of ISIL Saudi Arabia to allow Israel use of its airspace to strike Iran  report Argentine Judge Rejects Criminal Case Against President Russia to tap $50 billion from Reserve Fund as deficit balloons Suspected Israeli nationalists torch Christian seminary in Jerusalem Worlds first gridconnected wave power station switched on in Australia Quebec judge refuses to hear single mother's case You are not suitably dressed' The Siberian crater saga is more widespread  and scarier  than anyone thought Colombian police confiscate 3.3 tonnes of cocaine and flaunt it for the cameras Russian opposition politician and former deputy PM Boris Nemtsov shot dead on Moscow street Egyptian court rules Hamas a terrorist organisation Israel said to seek additional $300 million from US for missile defense Officials reportedly turn to Congress to make request, bypassing White House amid spat over PMs upcoming speech. The European Union, Japan and other nations hunting for eastern Atlantic Bluefin tuna are fearful that Turkeys unilateral decision to exceed catch limits agreed upon last year is threatening the stocks recovery and the organization regulating its conservation. Putin condemns the vile and cynical murder of Boris Nemtsov, calling him a principled person who acted openly, consistently and never betrayed his views. Norway arrests radical preacher who praised Charlie Hebdo killers US Spy Chief''Turkey does not place a high priority on fighting The Islamic State and as a result foreign fighters are able to travel through the country into Syria'' 17 years after acquisition from the UK and with only 1 sub able to fire torpedoes, Canadian preowned submarine fleet declared ready for operations Stolen Picasso worth $2.5 Million (The Hairdresser) Found by US Customs in Newark, after it disappeared from a Paris storeroom in 2001 Saakashvili hints Putin may be behind Nemtsov murder 35,000 individuals have reportedly signed up to join Ukraines information army  the new project drafted by the countrys Ministry of Information Policy which seeks to combat the Russian occupation on the information front. Massive Fireball Explodes Over Kochi, India, triggers panic in city. Good news China's latest survey finds increase in wild giant panda population Putin cuts staff's salaries by 10% Japan to create a CIAesque intel agency within the year South African teen kidnapped at birth found at same school as biological sister 17 years after kidnapping Jews, Christians and Muslims in Israel unite to repair Mount Zion cemeteries Former Mossad head urges Israeli voters to oust Binyamin Netanyahu Hungary's premier rejects immigration, multicultural society Life 'not as we know it' possible on Saturn's moon Titan Quebec Court supports judge who refused case unless hijab removed The United Nations has asked Austria for an explanation after a British woman complained that her 25yearold disabled son has been left stranded in their home every time there is bad weather because of bureaucratic red tape. Alcoholic Russian bears to move to Romania to sober up One of CNN's aviation experts thinks Putin stole missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 Poland to Pay $262,000 to Inmates Held at Secret C.I.A. Prison Boris Nemtsov 'I'm afraid Putin will kill me,' Russian opposition politician said weeks before being shot dead Over 73 percent of Russians admit crisis in Russia Known for his push to legalize cannabis, spartan lifestyle and devotion to his threelegged dog, Uruguay's outspoken President Jose Pepe Mujica will step down Sunday more popular than ever Thai temple to build separate toilets for nonChinese visitors because of the state that Chinese tourists were leaving the toilets in. Lithuania signs US deal to replace Russian gas . Methane Found on Mars, Indicates Life May Once Have Existed There Nasa Thousands in Moscow at Nemtsov march Saudi blogger Raif Badawi, sentenced to 1,000 lashes over accusations he insulted Islam, could now be facing the death penalty Top adviser to Chancellor George Osborne filmed smoking crack cocaine in drugs den Norway arrests radical Islamic preacher who praised Charlie Hebdo killers Robert Mugabe celebrates 91st birthday with million dollar bash; decries American safari hunting, serves elephant at feast. World Crowd Kills Girl Suspected to Be Suicide Bomber in Nigeria Lebanon opens borders to Assyrians fleeing ISIS Profitdriven hospitals scandal in India One doctor said that in monthly meetings with the hospital chief executive, he is reprimanded for having only a 10 per cent conversion rate  a reference to how many outpatients seen by a doctor are advised to undergo surgery Despite U.N. Treaties, War Against Drugs a Losing Battle As the call for the decriminalization of drugs steadily picks up steam worldwide, a new study concludes there has been no significant reduction in the global use of illicit drugs since the creation of three key U.N. antidrug conventions Russian supermarkets freeze prices for inflationweary shoppers Mass antiimmigration rally in Rome Alleged mastermind of Mumbai 2008 attack living comfortably in jail in Pakistan Turkey and U.S. to start training 5000 Syrian rebels on March 1, in Kirsehir, Turkey ISIS to release 29 Assyrian Christians Mohammed Emwazi, the Islamic State extremist known as Jihadi John, was able to flee Britain and the scrutiny of the security services, despite being a member of a terror cell that was known to have links to the failed 21/7 attacks on London in 2005, the Observer can reveal. Venezuela president Maduro announces diplomatic sanctions against US North Korean leader tells army 'prepare for war' Pope Francis launched a fresh attack on economic injustice on Saturday [28 February 2015], condemning the 'throwaway culture' of globalization and calling for new ways of thinking about poverty, welfare, employment and society. Ukraine's new USborn finance chief enduring baptism by fire Thousands in Moscow chant Russia without Putin Charlie Hebdo now has 25 times as many subscribers as before deadly attack PayPal stops accepting payments for Kim Dotcom ' s Mega service because it uses encryption Russian chessmaster Kasparov Now there's 'no chance' for a peaceful transition beyond Putin Africa's medicine men key to halting Ebola spread in Guinea More and more patients are coming to health facilities after a referral from their healer, says World Health Organisation. Even at $10/barrel, oil cant match solar on cost. The report from the National Bank of Abu Dhabi says that while oil and gas has underpinned almost all energy investments until now, future investment will be almost entirely in renewable energy sources. 2012 Delhi bus rapist blames his victim, says it was accident Bush, Cheney, former CIA director and several congressmen banned from Venezuela Ukranian pilot Savchenko, detained in Russia for over 8 months without trial and on hunger strike for over 80 days, could die within days The Svalbard doomsday vault  widely known for protecting global food crop seeds  has accepted its first delivery of forest tree species seeds. Top Hamas general says group prepping for war with Israel Exclusive King Abdullah calls ISIS 'outlaws' of Islam ProNATO Reform Party beats proRussian Centre Party in Estonian elections UK plans to generate electricity from the world's first series of tidal lagoons. The six lagoons will capture incoming and outgoing tides behind giant sea walls, and use the weight of the water to power turbines. Killing of yet another journalist in Ukraine a gruesome reminder of alarming safety situation for journalists, OSCE Representative says Let them slash their wrists. Undercover footage shows conditions in immigration detention centre Riot police sealed hundreds of Myanmar student protesters inside a monastery on Monday in a tense standoff, activists said, blocking their planned march to Yangon to call for education reforms. More than two hundred skeletons discovered in mass grave beneath Paris supermarket North Korea fires two missiles into the sea, South Korea reports. Toronto mystery tunnel builders identified One of the main USbacked Syrian rebel groups just admitted defeat Australia bans travel to Iraqi city of Mosul under new law. Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the Mosul district in northern Iraq had been declared a designated area under a section of the Criminal Code created in October last year. Saudi Arabia gives top prize to cleric who blames George Bush for 9/11 Kerry AntiIsraeli bias is undermining the UN Human Rights Council Report Obama threatened to shoot down Israeli jets, forcing Israel to abort 2014 strike on Iranian nuclear facilities