 A 33yearold man  died when he tried to protect a woman who was being mugged on a Paris metro train  Russia introduces chemical castration for pedophiles New Zealand condemns Japan's whaling in Antarctic waters, telling Japan it's being entirely disrespectful in their neighborhood  Assad Syria will shower Tel Aviv with rockets if attacked by foreign powers Fact Checking if Ahmadinejad really said Israel should be wiped off the map. Turns out he didn't exactly say that Archbishop Desmond Tutu has said the South African government is worse than its apartheid predecessor
 The worlds first solar power station that can work at night has been officially opened in southern Spain. Canada's new flawed copyright law Bill C11 is expected to fly through House of Commons. China & India predicted as climate leaders  An extraordinary war against science in the US & elsewhere will see nations trailing in China's wake. 
 2011 Nobel Prize in Chemistry awarded to Daniel Shechtman for the discovery of quasicrystals Greece hit by new 24hour general strike
 Putin proposes forming a Eurasian Union of former Soviet nations, saying the bloc could become a major global player competing for influence with the US, EU and Asia. BBC News  Italy wiretap law Wikipedia hides pages in protest World's hottest chilli contest leaves two in hospital  Telegraph Global Warming Irony Turkey to sanction Syria despite UN veto Bahrain medics to face civilian court retrial; attorney general effectively nullifies verdict of special security court Guantnamo film shows plight of Canadian national detained at 15 Vigilantes arming themselves with swords, knives, & clubs; houses ablaze; activists & football hooligans chanting racist slogans __ Protests in Bulgaria started after teen was run down allegedly by order of Roma underworld boss. It's the worst ethnic tension there since 1990. Syrian staterun TV has aired an interview with a young woman who was reported to have been beheaded and mutilated by security agents while in custody. Oktoberfest 2011  The Big Picture China angry over Burma's decision to suspend work on 2.3bn dam Beijing threatens legal action as Burma halts dam because it is 'against the will of the people'
 The Cult The Twisted, Terrifying Last Days Of Assads Syria  None of you donkeys matters at all! The important thing is that no one be permitted to upload any videos onto YouTube! No pictures, either!  Police to investigate whether Australian lawmaker paid for prostitues with official credit card Loss of Egyptian Natural Gas Supplies Costs Israel $
2.68 Million Per Day Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Saul Permutter, Brian P Schmidt and Adam G Riess for for the discovery of the accelerating expansion of the Universe through observations of distant supernovae Amanda Knox acquitted of Murder Charge!!! UK prime minister uses the USA as an example of a country full of fat people Germans want absolute ban on drinkdriving   Hugely embarrassing Daily Mail jumps gun on Amanda Knox guilty

 Spanish fleet accused of illegal catches are receiving multimillioneuro payouts from European Union taxpayers  Commission urged to end corrupted fisheries policy Libyan hospital treats an ill BBC journalist  refuses payment and asks for BBC branded souvenirs instead. Huge suicide blast kills many in Mogadishu Study Drunken Swedes choose knives to kill  The average murderer in Sweden and neighbouring Finland are drunk men armed with knives who kill on the spur of the moment, according to a new study. Japan to Go Ahead With Whale Hunt  Commercial whaling has been banned since 1986, but Japan claims to be conducting 'research', counting the whale population. 
Whalers will have heightened security after last year's clashes with activists, says Japanese fisheries minister. China and Russia veto UN resolution on Syria The move, drafted by France along with Britain, Germany and Portugal, received nine votes in favor and four abstentions. Hostile Crowd Forces Libyan Jew Out Of Synagogue The Puppet President Medvedev's Betrayal of Russian Democracy Japan reveals huge size of Fukushima cleanup area Swiss warn massive ice chunk may break off glacier and fall into Lauterbrunnen valley Japan confirms whaling fleet to sail  A history of religious violence in Pakistan Japan to Hold Whale Hunts Despite Activist Threats North Korea's Mass Games The Pursuit of Perfection [Pics] Police beating peaceful protesters on a lovely Amsterdam day Belgium officials ordered to clock out for smoke, with each minute sliced off their wages. Al Shabaab bomb kills 65 in Somalia Water, water everywhere  but this island nation now has barely a drop to drink & has declared a state of emergency Saudi Arabia blames riots on 'outside forces' Fourteen hurt in Gulf city, officials say, as Saudis vow to come down on division instigators with an iron fist. Denmarks Fatty Foods Tax is in Effect Brutal eviction of Palestinian family in Jaffa caught on tape Showing how futile Internet censorship can be, The Pirate Bay registered new domain name to allow Belgian users to access the site and bypass a recent court order that requires ISPs Belgacom and Telenet to initiate DNS blockades of 11 domains connected to The Pirate Bay New Danish Minister of the Economy & Interior favors bicycles over freeways  I rather invest in cycle tracks than freeways.   In Copenhagen, 80% of commuters already bicycle to work every day, even in winter.  Footage offers glimpse of North Korean hunger crisis  Occasionally the veil is pulled back from the secretive state of North Korea and the world gets a glimpse of what life is like there. Billionaire hedge fund manager George Soros has lost a case at the European Court of Human Rights to have his criminal conviction for insider dealing quashed.
 Saudi Arabia to quash unrest with an iron fist Authorities in Saudi Arabia vow to use force to quell recent unrest. Syrian troops 'kill Syrian farmer in Lebanon' Syrian forces have crossed into Lebanese territory and shot dead a Syrian man living in a border area, reports say. Doctor accused of helping CIA find Bin Laden should be charged with high treason  Pakistani state commission  The Canadian government is pitching a controversial oilsands pipeline through the United States as the ethical choice for energy consumption A year after Liu Xiaobo won the Nobel Peace Prize, he Remains Imprisoned Chilean students protest after 'failed talks' Thousands march through the streets of Santiago after their demands for education reform go unmet. Chavez Houses on Caribbean islands will be seized 10 years of war Afghans speak out France Urges Turkey to Recognize Armenian Genocide Australian boy, 14, held in Bali for buying marijuana Europeans fear climate change more than financial turmoil. Climate change was the second most serious issue facing the world, after poverty
 32 bodies found at several locations in Veracruz, Mexico; official says New Generation drug gang responsible Bank of England chief Mervyn King issues stark warning of looming crisis |
			The Australian Who put the contract out on Politovskaya?   There's been progress into the investigation into the murder of Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya. Yet who ordered the killing remains unknown. Five years later, there's nothing more than speculation.  Australia and New Zealand are to airlift equipment to the Pacific nation of Tuvalu to help it deal with a severe water shortage caused by drought.  Israeli Arab village left without water as water company demands payment It's only a matter of time until Netanyahu falls Mexico's Zeta Killers kill 32, revive debate about the 'goodguy cartel'  The 'Zeta Killers' have been linked to the deaths of 67 people. While they claim to be fighting the Zetas drug cartel, experts say they are likely just a criminal group adopting the guise of a 'goodguy cartel.' Australia's Slot Canyons  
The Swiss have mountains, so they climb. Canadians have lakes, so they canoe. The Australians have canyons, so they go canyoneering, a hybrid form of madness halfway between mountaineering and caving. 
      Moody's cuts credit ratings on UK banks RBS and Lloyds


 Italian Wikipedia shuts down. (ddl is the first stage of a law) 14 year old faces 12 years in brutal prison 'for possession of marijuana' Shell oil company paid militants who destroyed Nigerian towns I knew it Putin didn't go SCUBA diving and find those ancient Greek artifacts all by himself. The whole thing was staged. Swedish poet Transtroemer wins Nobel Literature Prize Settlers' mosqueburning campaign expands into Israel | Reuters The death toll in Syria has risen to more than 2,900 people killed since the prodemocracy protests began in March, the United Nations human rights office has said.   Worsening Women Shortage Due to Ultrasounds  Parents  knowing the sex of their foetus has left Asia short of 117 million women, mostly in China & India, according to a UN report out today Dozens of settlers surround IDF patrol in West Bank and assault soldiers Ugandan villagers evicted to make way for British forestry firm   22,000 people have been evicted so far from their homes & land (with video) Floods drown Asia's rice bowl   Massive floods have ravaged vast swathes, threatening to further drive up food prices & adding to the burden of farmers, the region's poorest.  Over 100 Cambodians, nearly 1/2 of them children, have died in the worst flooding in a decade. Afghans rally in Kabul, demand NATO troops leave   European Union Moves Toward Banning Tar Sands  We're sending a clear signal to fossil fuels suppliers'  This also casts doubt on the future of other controversial energy sources such as shale gas, with its fracking U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says the U.N. Security Council has failed in its responsibility to the Syrian people by not passing a resolution condemning the regime's brutal crackdown on civilian protesters. World's highest webcam; Mount Everest UNESCO clears way for Palestine seat vote  Erdogan brands Israel a regional threat On the emptiness of Saudi voting reforms for women. Ship Stuck On New Zealand Reef Leaking Oil  The slick extends 3 mi (5 km) from the ship Toyota back to prequake production A Pakistani commission investigating the US raid that killed Osama Bin Laden says a doctor accused of helping the CIA should be tried for high treason. Gadaffi's private zoo liberated. Volunteers race to rescue exotic animals left to die Police violence against journalists in yesterday's protest in Greece Nato's bombing campaign in Libya, now in its seventh month, will continue despite the collapse of Muammar Gaddafi's regime, alliance officials said today. Unesco clears way for Palestinian membership vote with the US voting against! (German hacker club) CCC reverse engineers German government trojan found in the wild, builds GUI for it Occupy Wall Streetstyle protests spreading to Britain  People are not stakeholders in democracy, in the workings of the nation anymore. Palestinian officials urge Blair to quit as he is accused of using his position to further business interests while lobbying against Palestine In Finland, 79 children between the ages of four and 19 developed narcolepsy after receiving the Pandemrix, swine flu vaccine in 2009 and 2010; Finnish govt and insurance companies will pay for their lifetime medical care Hugo Chavez condemns horrible repression of Wall Street protests A manager at a South Pole research station is campaigning for her own evacuation, accusing 'big business and big government' of stranding her in Antarctica after she suffered a stroke. 'Bridenapping'  a growing hidden crime In at least 17 countries around the world, young girls are being abducted, raped and forced into marriage The race is on to contain an oil spill in New Zealand, which is threatening to become the country's worst maritime disaster TIL the UN has a World Intellectual Property Organization, and naturally they feel the Web would have been better if it was patented and its users had to pay license fees At least 19  killed as death toll climbs in clashes between Copts and Egypts security forces Riots erupt as Christians protest in Cairo, 1 dead Saudi beheading of eight Bangladesh workers condemned  The public execution of eight Bangladeshi migrant workers in Saudi Arabia has been condemned by a leading human rights group in Bangladesh, Ain O Salish Kendra.  Bilderberg 2011 The opposition steps up Crime Lords Of Tokyo  
Great pictures of Yakuza members, associates, andespeciallytheir tattoos. With some nice snippets of text, including a gang boss's apologia for his work There are affairs in this society that no one can handle. No one but us UK Protesters against NHS reforms occupy Westminster Bridge Unicef criticises Britain for jailing children over riots Egypts ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF) says it will not allow the countrys next president the constitutional authority to appoint the armed forces chief. Climate Change And The End of Australia  
Rivers are drying up. Reefs are dying. Fires, floods, droughts and locust plagues are ravaging the continent. Australia is one of the world's most intensive users of fossil fuels. Now the climate gods are taking their revenge Arab graves vandalized in Israeli city. Some were smashed, others were spray painted with death to all Arabs. Camila Vallejo, 23, Chile revolution leader Man with girl in car escapes Saudi religious police in 140km chase Greece is near bankruptcy and must give up part of its sovereignty to obtain the large debt forgiveness it needs to survive, a leading conservative member of German parliament was quoted as saying on Saturday [8 October 2011]. Coming Soon The Drone Arms Race 2 Tibetan former monks set themselves on fire in latest protest against China China has signed off a set of rules for its small but booming wealth management sector to temper rapid growth and prevent banks from exploiting loopholes to beat regulation. Women in 27 Bangladeshi villages, where drinking water is generally scooped from a river or canal, were taught to cover the urns they used for fetching water with an old sari folded in 4. Over the next 18 months the rate of cholera in these villages dropped by about 50% (xpost from /r/water) Ten Years in Afghanistan  German General Says NATO Mission Has 'Failed' New Zealand facing one of its largest ecological disasters as authorities forecast a significant oil spill from a big container ship grounded off Tauranga Harbour   Bad weather is now threatening an already complicated salvage operation of the ship, which hit Astrolabe Reef Wednesday morning Physicist languishes in French prison for two years without trial French intelligence services say he is a dangerous terrorist... family members and colleagues argue that he is a brilliant young physicist singled out because of his academic background British PM supports gay marriage in the UK Netherlands to classify highpotency cannabis as hard drug Kidnapped my boy? You're forgiven 2 Tibetans Set Selves on Fire in Latest Protest  Yemen president 'to step down'
 UK Pensions have lost a third of value in three years 
   U.S. soldiers accused of raping teenage girls in South Korea Russia calls on Syria's Assad to reform or stand down Massive corruption scandal continues to broil the Islamic Republic Pakistan doctor faces treason charges over U.S. vaccine ruse Yemen president says ready to quit after Nobel Peace Prize given to Yemeni leading woman activist Tawakkul Karman Muslim, Christian graves in Jaffa defaced with racist slogans in suspected 'Price Tag' attack Syrian forces fire on Kurdish funeral, two dead Germany intends to step up its assistance in Libya by offering visas for medical treatment to those wounded in the civil war. The visas are to be issued with minimal bureaucracy, according to German officials.  Christian fears rise as Islamists grow more assertive in postMubarak Egypt  The Washington Post The other side of Nobelprize winning Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. How she's seen in Liberia. (The Independent) In case of necessity Turkey is prepared to break out war with Syria, said Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkey's foreign minister ... Arms Dealers And Loan Peddlers Took Down Greece Mad Hatter's tea party that is the eurozone crisis  
Alice in Wonderland has nothing on the absurd world of Europe's financial policymakers Google breaks South African embargo on Dalai Lama Moody's cuts rating on 12 UK banks the full report NHS among developed world's most efficient health systems, says study, the United States healthcare system was among the least efficient and effective. Shit's going down in Chile. Protesting students are demanding the government hold a national referendum on solving the countrys educational problems. Official Rebekah Brooks has NOT resigned from News International Before and after pictures from the Tottenham riots Iran cracks down on forbidden water pistol fights Authorities in southern Iran arrested 17 boys and girls who took part in a water pistol fight at a seaside park. They could face charges of publicly committing haram  a forbidden act  after they splashed water on each other EFF Spanish Court Rules That Linking to Potential Copyright Infringing Material Is Not Copyright Infringement A torture camp run by Zimbabwe's security forces is operating in the country's rich Marange diamond fields 
Saudi king demands end to Syrian crackdown 
 
Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon accelerated in June, with 300 sq km destroyed, a 17% increase over May The famine in Somalia has killed more than 29,000 children under the age of five London riots  BBC live coverage Rice Futures Trading Halted in Tokyo as Radiation Fears Cause a 40% Surge, Triggering Circuit Breakers North Korea turns to online game hacking to raise cash  
Crushed by antinuclear weapons sanctions the regime is hacking computer games to make money Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain have all recalled their ambassadors from Syria Remaining countries with AAA credit ratings. Australia leads a small group whose ability to pay isn't questioned Bayer threatens to quit Germany over nuclear shutdown German companies may relocate production to countries with lower energy costs Bayer threatens to leave Germany over high electricity costs German chemical giant Bayer has warned that it may be forced to leave the country because of a rise in energy prices. The firm is already looking at increasing its foothold in emerging economies such as China. Bahrain protests to Qatar over alJazeera film 
Dohabased news channel under fire over 
documentary showing how Facebook was used to 
target prodemocracy activists Five days of war. Looking back at the RussiaGeorgia conflict 3 years ago. Oil hits eightmonth low after S&P downgrades U.S. credit rating Australia's Antarctic claim 'at risk'  It holds the largest claim to Antarctica, but risks losing it in any race to unlock the frozen continent's potentially vast mineral & energy resources The Somali Army has captured Mogadishu War heroine Nancy Wake dies After Fukushima, Japan's 'authority myth' is crumbling. Beyond debt woes, a wider crisis of globalization? Man buys $27 of bitcoin, forgets about them, finds they're now worth $886k. Bought in 2009, currency's rise in value saw small investment turn into enough to buy an apartment in a wealthy area of Oslo. Zombie CISPA bill pushes forward with NSA support Cannabis Plants Pop up All Over Germany as Form of Protest. As Europe Erupts Over US Spying, NSA Chief Says Government Must Stop Media With General Alexander calling for NSA reporting to be halted, US and UK credibility as guardians of press freedom is crushed If All These Countries Are So Outraged By Revelations Of US Spying On Them, Why Aren't They Offering Snowden Asylum? Cameron openly threatens the Guardian Europe considers sanctions against U.S. over spying Why Did America Kill My Mother? Pakistani Drone Victim Comes To Congress For Answer Tiny Caribbean nation of Antigua will launch new website that will offer the world America's copyrighted content for free. 9/11 Suspects Cant Mention being Tortured during Trial Testimony because Their Torture is Classified China flexes muscle and unveils mystery nuclear sub fleet This goes to the heart of science reporting  you wouldn't have a homeopath speaking alongside a brain surgeon for balance, as that would be absurd. It's just as absurd to have a climate sceptic for balance against the work of the overwhelming majority of climate scientists. NSA oversight dismissed as 'illusory' as anger intensifies in Europe and beyond. Condemnation by Latin American panel comes as US fields worsening outrage from Spain and Germany over surveillance BERLIN U.S. spying on Europeans a symptom of a paranoid government, Germans say David Cameron makes veiled threat to media over NSA and GCHQ leaks U.K. may punish publication of NSA leaks Obama sidesteps questions on NSA spying and what he knew Dianne Feinstein 'I am totally opposed' to NSA surveillance of US allies Cameron threatens to act against newspapers publishing security leaks WikiLeaks launches site for Edward Snowden's legal defense NSA affair could block EUUS free trade talks Google, Microsoft Threaten End to Cookie Tracking Parents of Down's syndrome boy who was bullied by his teachers are charged with neglect for taking him out of school. 33yearold woman has admitted in court in Memmingen, Germany to have wrongly accused her father of rape. The man had been sitting for seven years in prison because of the allegations. NSA oversight dismissed as 'illusory' as anger intensifies in Europe and beyond Reduce working week to 30 hours, say economists 500 year old Da Vinci Mural Discovered Under Layers Of Paint During Castle Restoration In Italy Spain summons US ambassador over claim NSA tracked 60m calls a month Kenya petition over 'grass cutting for gangrape' tops 1m More than a million people have signed an online petition demanding justice after three men accused of brutally gangraping a girl in Kenya were ordered to cut grass as punishment. Innocent man burned to death after vigilantes branded him a paedophile After 15,000 jobs cut and misselling scandlas at bailed out Lloyds Bank, CEO to receive multimillion pound bonus payout next month 13 Year Old Girl Buried Alive After Rape in Pakistan 5 Dead, 38 Injured In Car Explosion At Tiananmen Square Diebold Charged With Bribery, Falsifying Docs, 'Worldwide Pattern of Criminal Conduct' The new Norwegian Prime minister One does not snoope on friends. Worlds anger at Obama policies goes beyond Europe and the NSA BRICS countries are building a new Internet hidden from NSA 21 thousand mile fiberoptic cable from Fortaleza (Brazil) to Vladivostok (Russia) via Cape Town (South Africa), Chennai (India) and Shantou (China) Document Reveals NSA Monitored 125 Billion Phone Calls in One Month Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims Attackers in Mexico blow up nine electrical plants west of the capital, triggering blackouts that gunmen then used as cover to torch gasoline stations. The Indian Prime Minister is NSA spyproof, has no mobile phone or email account to hack Britney Spears music is used by merchant navy ship owners is used to scare off Somali pirates Spain warns US of breakdown in trust after new NSA revelations  White House struggles to contain diplomatic crisis as Madrid warns US ambassador after claim that NSA harvested 60m Spanish calls Spain Summons U.S. Ambassador in Spying Scandal David Cameron newspapers which publish Snowden secrets help terrorists who want to 'blow up' families Austrian invents outsidesound volume knob for your windows. Sono sticks to glass surfaces and allows you to dial down unwanted noise. After it receives a sounds vibrations, it reprocesses them much like the active noise cancellation technology used in certain headphones. Can Germany call on Snowden as a witness? Syrian troops retake Christian town from jihadis U.S. NSA spied on 60 million Spanish phone calls in a month Israel denies EU committee access to Gaza Strip This is serious Reddit  London riots spreading.   Looting and violence in three London areas in broad daylight  more expected. Birmingham too. Speculations circle as to why the London riots have 
become so big, but the answer is quite obvious The Loud Awakening of Israel's Secular Middle Class  In the largest protests in the country's history, more than 300,000 people demanded economic reform and help from the government  There is a context to London's riots that can't be ignored David Cameron announces recall of parliament over riots. Prime minister also says number of police officers on streets of London will be increased by 10,000 to 16,000.  Tottenham's young people are rioting as they see no future Devastating pictures of before and after of the London riots. If you're in the city, stay safe.  UK Riots have spread to new areas of London and looting has erupted in the cities of Birmingham and Leeds, as Britain's worst clashes in decades extended into the third night. Libyan rebels retake Bir alGhanam, which puts them only 85 km from the capital Tripoli Anger in Japan Over Withheld Radiation Forecasts Google will fund Bletchley Park restoration project Bletchley Park is where Alan Turing, the father of Computer Science, and his team broke German ciphers and likely shortened World War II by 2 years A list of all the websites Rupert Murdoch owns, and  two browser addons to block them. Riots have broken out in Liverpool, UK. Last Australians troops depart Iraq  London riots police 'prepare to use plastic bullets' if violence continues.  Previously, British security forces using the nonlethal projectiles killed fourteen people, including nine children.  Video London riots Woman confronts rioters in Hackney  Telegraph Sales Of Aluminum Bats On Amazon.uk Are Up Over 5,000% As Riots Continue
 Britain's Home Minister says water cannon and the army will not be called in to handle riots Riots the underclass lashes out Interesting development in the UK IPCC determines that Mark Duggan actually didn't shoot at police before they killed him, the police really did overrespond perhaps Australias Aborigines forced off of their land by government  AlJazeera London Burning day 3 in pictures 
After Attack, Reclusive Amazon Tribe Feared Missing 'Special US commandos are deployed in about 75 countries around the world'...An almost industrialscale counterterrorism killing machine. ConocoPhillips Slow to Clean Up Oil Spill in China's Bohai Sea  
The US company has yet to stop the leak   The slicks, which have spread 1,200 sq km (460 sq miles) since the leak was discovered  June 4, are alarming environmentalists, fisherman & coastal communities  NSA monitored calls of 35 world leaders after US official handed over contacts Switzerland may be close to enshrining a law that would ban an executive from earning more than 12 times what the lowest paid worker at a Swiss company earns Europe Demands the US Agree to Stop Spying Over 100 rhinos poached in S.Africa in past month. Kruger National Park is worst affected, having lost 476 rhinos since January. To clean up Beijing, the Chinese government will suck its western regions dry. Beijing will be one of the first cities powered by Synthetic natural gas which emits 82% more greenhouse emissions than coal. Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims Another jumbo poisoner gets 15 yrs. A Hwange court on Wednesday sentenced a poacher to more than 14 years in prison for poisoning and killing elephants with cyanide, the fourth such conviction in the country [Zimbabwe] in a month. Anonymous pledges support to Canada antifracking protesters  Anonymous is joining antifracking campaigns, targeting the Canadian government, corporations and energy conglomerates. Greenwald NSA spied on the Italian government and military Bangladesh Accuses Countrys Only Nobel Prize Winner Of Being UnIslamic, Spreading Homosexuality, An Accomplice of Jews And Christians DNA tests confirm Bulgarian Roma woman as mother of mystery child Maria found in Greece last week UK Police seize 3D printed gun parts, which turn out to be 3D printer parts. French football clubs to go on strike because of a new 75% tax on over 1 million euro wages Another Denial of NSA Spying Even as More Evidence Emerges Italian PM says spying by allies unacceptable Norway rejects U.S. request to destroy Syrian chemical arms US Drones Have Killed Up to 900 Civilians in Pakistan Saudi Arabia's women plan day of action to change driving laws Latin America leading the way on promoting food as a human right Latin America has blazed the way in the adoption of laws that promote and protect the right to food, a UN expert has said. Nearly a third of all Mexicans are obese. Lawmakers proposing a 10% tax on sodas, 5% tax on high calorie snacks. The NSA spied on Spain's leaders too, according to sources in Madrid. With Winter Ahead, Can China's Smog Get Anything But Worse? On Monday and Tuesday, airquality monitoring stations in Harbin reported concentrations of PM 2.5 exceeding 1,000 micrograms per cubic meter  40 times the limit deemed safe by the World Health Organization. Major Pension Funds Ask for Climate Change Study  Some of the largest pension funds in the U.S. and the world are worried that major fossil fuel companies may not be as profitable and want details on how the firms will manage a longterm shift to cleaner energy sources. Greece's Mystery Girl's Mother Found DNA Tests Confirm Bulgarian Roma Woman Is Blond Child's Biological Parent Germany, Brazil Turn to U.N. to Restrain American Spies U.S. warns foreign allies for upcoming Snowden leaks Angela Merkel called Barack Obama today to complain against NSA attempts to eavesdrop on her personal phone. Internal investigations done by german intelligence agencies clearly hinted at US attempts to break into her phone. [Source in German] U.S.funded Afghan hospital project paid $500agallon for gas instead of marketrate of $5 and is still 23 months behind schedule Pot growers celebrate as Uruguay legalizes cultivation and consumption of marijuana Uruguay is about to go where no country has gone before by legalizing the cultivation and distribution of marijuana, with the leftofcenter government regulating all facets of the trade Six months ago, 1,127 Bangladeshi workers were killed in a garment factory collapse. Today, not a single Bangladeshi garment factory has been inspected. DNA test proves 7 year old girl taken from by police from house in Dublin this week is related to Roma family  The couple have maintained all along that the 7yearold blonde girl is their daughter The insolent actions of the USA must be stopped. It is a punch in the face  Germany reacts to reports NSA tapped Merkel's phone Secret memos show that senior Pakistani government officials have for years known of and endorsed CIA drone strikes. Where Do the Dollars For Drone Victims End Up? In the Hands of American NGOs  $40 million allocated never made it to the people who need it the most Giant mirrors installed on Norway mountainside The massive mirrors will bring winter sunlight to a Norwegian town for the first time Al Gore attacks Tony Abbott's refusal to link bushfires with climate change  Nobel laureate likens Australian prime minister to 'pliant politicians' who said tobacco didn't cause lung cancer German Catholics can only remain in the Church if they pay membership tax, rules court. All Germans who are officially registered as Catholics, Protestants or Jews pay a religious tax, worth an extra 89% of their income tax bill. Two large earth facing sunspots give us both barrels, incoming storm expected 1,000 year old frozen arrows found preserved in Swedish mountain ice ATM company Diebold charged with bribery, falsifying docs The charges are in response to worldwide pattern of criminal conduct, according to a U.S. Attorney West African Inventor Creates a $100 3D Printer from EWaste Talks to Create Worlds 2 Largest Marine Reserves in Antarctic Being Undermined by LastDitch Push for Sunset clause allowing fishing & oil drilling  Proposal backed by US & NZ would create 1.3m sq km no take zone in 1 of last pristine bodies of water in world. Pussy Riot Member Missing Since 10/21 Iranian who survived execution will be spared second hanging. The justice minister claims Alireza, found alive in morgue and now on life support, survived penalty so will not be 'reexecuted'. National Trust won't accept wind turbines on its land, might accept fracking. World leaders called Obama to ask why he has bugged their phone. Royal Marines murdered man live on camera court martial continues. In China, 'everyone is guilty of corruption' A fake priest held hostage the family of Spain's corrupt ex treasurer, demanding a flash drive with secret info which could 'bring down the government'. Experian sells thousands of Personal Identifiable Information to ID thieves in Singapore USStudent left scarred for life in latenight mob attack three days after arriving in the UK Barack Obama 'approved tapping Angela Merkel's phone 3 years ago' World's first venomous crab found in Australia Why the banker who helped 50 million Bangladeshis out of poverty became his countrys enemy number one NSA New reports in German media deepen USMerkel spy row Angela Merkel demands action from US to rebuild trust Furious Angela Merkel accuses US of betraying trust of German soldiers that fought and died alongside American allies on the battlefields of Afghanistan by bugging her phone NSA surveillance Germany to send intelligence officials to US. Move comes as Der Spiegel reports that Angela Merkel's phone might have been monitored for more than 10 years. Dr. Arjun Srinivasan Weve Reached The End of Antibiotics, Period The United States may have bugged Angela Merkel's phone for more than 10 years, according to a news report on Saturday that also said President Barack Obama told the German leader he would have stopped it happening had he known about it. The U.S. National Security Agency [NSA] sought the Japanese government's cooperation in 2011 over wiretapping fiberoptic cables carrying phone and Internet data across the AsiaPacific region, but the request was rejected, sources said Saturday [26 October 2013]. UK Muslims are speaking out against a call by alShabab for more international do it yourself attacks Australia The day after bushfires tore through the area, the federal government tightened the rules for disaster payments leaving hundreds of residents who were forced to evacuate without any financial help. U.S. Spying Update Europe Fumes And Protesters Rally In D.C. Germany, Brazil enlist 19 more countries for antiNSA UN resolution New media report suggests Obama knew NSA spied on Merkel British Gas rakes in 20m profit from overestimated bills, says whistleblower Syria submitted chemical arms destruction plan on time OPCW Ethiopia opens Africa's largest wind farm to boost power production The IsraelSaudi Alliance Against the USIran Talks  Its an odd partnership, but Israel & Saudi Arabia are happily traveling on same path toward confrontation with Iran. Both are bitterly opposed to the growth of Irans influence in the region & take hawkish positions on Irans nuclear program. Anonymous has been hacking Cambodian government sites in support of popular protests for social justice and an end to corruption in the country. Car bombs kill at least 42 people in Baghdad After troops leave, U.S. to lose access to Afghan reconstruction projects worth billions Bulgaria is going to build a wall to stop refugees Russia reeling from backlash on antigay laws now dealing with charges of racism in football... Mount Etna eruption closes air space Inventor of Doner Kebab dies Lightbeam, the free Firefox extension will enable users to see which third party companies are monitoring their online presence, a move that Mozilla states will illuminate the inner workings of the web. Scotland to block fracking on environmental grounds 7.5 Magnitude Earthquake Hits Japan  Tsunami Warning Issued For Fukushima Canadians sue their own government over domestic spying US defends drone strikes as 'necessary and just' in face of UN criticism. Brazil, China and Venezuela sharply critical of 'illegal' program but US says it has taken steps to introduce new guidelines, for example zero congressional oversight. 'It took him a long time to die' drone operator traumatised by killing missions A former US Air Force drone operator has described how he is haunted by his time as a 'remote killer' functioning in 'zombie mode' in missions over Afghanistan and Iraq that claimed more than 1600 lives NSA Brazil and Germany lead calls for UN resolution on internet privacy Diplomats from the two countries are heading efforts by coalition of nations to draft resolution in wake of Edward Snowden leaks Chinese students caught selling human flesh diet It is my belief and my faith that it is my right to drive my own car. Saudi women plan to defy driving ban. Leaked memos reveal GCHQ efforts to keep mass surveillance secret  Edward Snowden papers show UK spy agency fears legal challenge if scale of surveillance is made public Sweden signs up to UN plan to curb US spying Predator Drone Strikes Kill Up to 50 Civilians For Every 1 Terrorist Assassinated Study Saudi Arabia women to defy authorities over female driving ban Saudi activists said more than 60 women claimed to have answered their call on Saturday to get behind the wheel in a rare show of defiance against a ban on female driving in the ultraconservative kingdom. Boy, 16, who threw acid at a woman on her doorstep leaving her with horrific burns is jailed for eight years Iran hands over captured US drone technology to Russia The China blogosphere has been abuzz this week at the rare sight of a Chinese newspaper directly challenging senior law enforcers Man wrongly deported from Canada to torture in Libya told he has to pay $6,800 in costs before returning Press handling with talking heads Snowden files reveal enormous GCHQ efforts to escape legal challenge 7.3 magnitude earthquake near Ishinomaki, Miyagi, Japan and Sendai, Miyagi, Japan  October 25, 2013 1710 A highprofile filesharing site has been revealed to be a yearlong pirate honeypot, collecting data on users, file hosters and websites. Saudi Arabia Warns Online Backers of Women Drivers  5 years in prison for support Bassem Youssef, known as Egypt's Jon Stewart, returns to TV after fourmonth ban, tests the waters on criticism of regime Snowden files || Report suggests Israel behind attempt to hack into French communication network China's NSA Furiously Hacking U.S. Drone Secrets 70 million phone calls in France recorded in one month by NSA, new report claims. French government demands immediate explanation to shocking revelations Poachers kill 300 Zimbabwe elephants with cyanide A 41yearold native of Monaco increasingly looks to be to banking what Edward Snowden is to American surveillance. Uruguay government to sell three marijuana cigarettes for 1 dollar Ebay founder Pierre Omidyar to start a new platform for investigative journalism, hires Glenn Greenwald, the journalist behind Snowden's leaks. With U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan, American military gear sold as scrap  The armored trucks, televisions, ice cream scoops and nearly everything else shipped here for Americas war against the Taliban are now part of the worlds biggest garage sale. Snowden leaks France summons US envoy over NSA surveillance claims  Demand follows claims in Le Monde that US agency has been intercepting phone calls of French citizens on 'a massive scale' Between 2002 and 2005, U.S. forces shot off 6 billion bullets in Iraq (something like 300,000 for every person killed). They also dropped 2,000 to 4,000 tons of bombs on Iraqi cities, leaving behind a witchs brew of contaminants and toxic metals, including the neurotoxins lead and mercury. AntiShark Fin Soup Campaign Goes Viral in China Pirate Bay's PirateBrowser web browser reaches 1m downloads Conservative British Tory MP tells onelegged wheelchair beggar, who was begging outside of parliament, to 'get a job' Lawyers for Libyan politician Abdel Hakim Belhaj, who accuses MI6 and the CIA of secretly sending him and his pregnant wife to be tortured by Muammar Gaddafi, will challenge the UK government's efforts to have his case thrown out or tried in secret. Brazilian activists have stormed a laboratory in the southeastern state of Sao Paulo and freed some 200 Beagle dogs used for drug testing. 5 $33,000 a year for every adult guaranteed $66,000 per couple base income  Switzerland referendum after hearing how much CEO's get payed compared to workers An Afghan army special forces commander has defected to an insurgent group allied with the Taliban in a Humvee truck packed with his team's guns and hightech equipment, officials in the eastern Kunar province said on Sunday. The US National Security Agency recorded millions of French phone calls, including those involving individuals with no links to terrorism, Le Monde reported on Monday, prompting France to summon the US ambassador for immediate talks. China smog emergency shuts city of 11 million people Iranian Brig. Gen. Masoud Jazayeri, America on the one hand arms alQaida (in the Syrian civil war) and on the other kills (alQaida) members. Such a doublestandard policy will be divulged, and the weapons in possession of alQaida and other terrorist groups will target the Americans Thirteen Vietnamese fishermen were arrested after being found in Philippine waters with a haul of protected sea turtles China Arrests Prominent Businessman Who Backed Human Rights Causes What the 9,000 fee gets you less teaching time  University lecturers in the UK devote less time to teaching now their students are paying 9,000 a year for courses than they did when tuition was free Fukushima overwhelmed with radioactive water  Highly radioactive water overflowed barriers into Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station after its operator Tepco underestimated how much rain would fall and failed to pump it out quickly enough. Afghan special forces commander defects with guns to insurgents Chinese Can't Understand Why The French Work So Little 60 injured in Montenegro during gay pride march NSA Hacked Email Account of Mexican President The NSA has been systematically eavesdropping on the Mexican govet for years. It hacked into the president's public email account and gained deep insight into policy making and the political system. President Barack Obama's administration is urging the Supreme Court not to take up the first case it has received on controversial National Security Agency's foreign and domestic cybersnooping. Gunman in clown suit kills senior Mexican drug cartel member Undercover investigation reveals horrific conditions in egg industry W5 discovered the Egg Farmers of Canada had sent out a nationwide security alert to egg farmers across Canada, warning them about our story... to prevent any visits by reporters. Why have young people in Japan stopped having sex? For their govt, 'celibacy syndrome' is part of a looming national catastrophe. Japan already has one of the worlds lowest birth rates. Its population of 126M, which has been shrinking for the past decade, is projected to plunge a further  by 2060 Sailor After we left Japan, it felt as if the ocean itself was dead  Nothing alive for over 3,000 miles  No longer saw turtles, dolphins, sharks, birds  Saw one whale, it appeared helpless with big tumor on head Mexico Bans GMO CornA ruling by a judge in Mexico City has suspend the planting of genetically modified corn in our country. On the Kansas plains, thousands of soldiers once bound for Iraq or Afghanistan are now gearing up for missions in Africa Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Hong Kong to protest against what they see as a lack of government transparency and accountability. In China, victory for wildlife conservation as citizens persuaded to give up shark fin soup. People said it was impossible to change China, but the evidence we are now getting says consumption of shark fin soup in China is down by 50 to 70 percent in the last two years JPMorgan to pay $14bn for role in meltdown  agrees deal to settle probes into bad loans sold before the 2007 crisis, but criminal proceedings to continue NASA to China Scientists No Chinese researchers allowed! Oh wait, please come  NASA barred them from Kepler Conference citing national security. But some US scientists decried the ban. The meeting is about planets located trillions of miles away with no national security implications. Pope Francis launches reform of Vatican bureaucracy, with cleanup of Vatican bank Argentines Worry Agrochemicals Are Killing Them A country once known for its grassfed beef is now dominated by soy, corn and cotton. Doctors and scientist worry the chemicals may be the cause of rising cancer rates, birth defects and other health problems Like Norway & NZ, Swedish Pension Funds Drop US Firm Due to Bad Environmental Practices  Says 'Freeport McMoRan Holdings' linked to serious adverse impacts in Papua, where it runs worlds biggest copper & gold mine. Massive amount of waste is visible from space. Mexico drug lord shot dead by clown assassins Gunmen in disguise kill lieutenant of oncepowerful Tijuana cartel during family children's party. Inmates Bullied Into Converting To Islam Norwegian suspect named as Kenya mall gunman Scotland wants to secede from UK. Referendum less than a year away. US debt surges $328 billion in single day, surpassing $17 trillion for first time Lobbying Bonanza as Firms Try to Influence European Union law firms have managed to win results for clients, which include chemical & energy companies, drug makers, Silicon Valley firms, Wall Street businesses & military contractors. The firms are taking advantage of weak ethics rules in Brussels Canadian Hamlet Evacuated After Oil Train Crash Causes Huge Blaze  Emergency crews battle fire after tanker cars carrying crude oil & petroleum gas leak following derailment in Alberta Is Brazil lost at sea?  After a rough season, Brazil hopes bidding for its massive offshore oil reserves will right the ship. Now Brazilian oil workers are striking and energy majors like ExxonMobil, Chevron and BP aren't placing their bids. In postcrisis Spain, communism is beginning to emerge as a viable economic model. More than 90% of people in European cities breathe dangerous air, study finds Countries have downplayed hazards of air pollution despite evidence that it leads to 430,000 shortened lives a year First 3D printers arrive to Haiti, quickly put to use making umbilical cord clamps and other hardtoobtain medical gear India Minor girl gang raped and burnt alive Mexico officially bans genetically modified corn, citing risk of imminent harm to the environment Pirate Bay founder writes open letter seeking to stop his extradition from Sweden A Yemeni father has burned his 15yearold daughter to death for keeping in touch with her fiance, police said, sparking further outrage in Yemen, where an eightyear girl died from internal bleeding on her wedding night a month ago. European Parliament calls for suspension of EUUS bank data deal (SWIFT) in response to NSA snooping Edward Snowden NSA files Guardian should be prosecuted, says Tory MP About 60 to 70 percent of all inmates in France's prison system are Muslim, though Muslims make up only about 12 percent of the country's population The leader of Poland's Catholic Church suggests that children are partly to blame for being sexually abused by priests. Bahrain Just Bought More Tear Gas Canisters Than It Has Citizens As New South Wales endures its earliest wild fire season, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says UN climate head is 'talking through her hat' claiming a link between climate change and wildfires Vatican suspends 'bishop of bling' The Vatican suspends a German Catholic bishop dubbed the bishop of bling over his alleged lavish spending Denmark is considered to be the happiest place on earth, yet again. Diebold charged with bribing officials, falsifying records in China, Russia, Indonesia; fined nearly $50 million Footage of Spanish police allegedly beating a man to death in Barcelona's gay quarter has put the spotlight back on the country's brutal police force Canadian civil liberties group sues Spy agency (Equivalent of NSA) for violating the charter of rights and freedoms Two police officers sacked over using Taser on innocent man five times  Kyle McArdle was put into the back of a police van and hit with five Taser rounds after he was spotted urinating in an alley Japan plans to blast a hole into an asteroid with their new space cannon Boko Haram Islamists Hack 19 Motorists To Death Ukrainian AntiMuslim/White extremist murdered 82yearold Muslim man, planted mosque bombs in Britain. He said he murdered (Saleem) because he wasn't white. Big typhoons may collide Less than a week after being hit by the largest typhoon in a decade, Tokyo is bracing for another strong storm that will likely reach the area Saturday, and it may get merged with an even stronger approaching tempest. Bell to track customers web usage, mobile history, phone calls and TV veiwing in changed privacy policy. More intrusive than anything Google has done. Obama Administration Reportedly Halts Aid to Syrian Rebels Nigerias Islamic Police Arrest 150 For Violating Sharia Dress Codes, Having UnIslamic Hairstyles Back to the future Communist Party may gain power in the Czech Republic  Fed up with corruption, a disenchanted electorate could give the Communists their first real influence since 1989 in elections this week. China smog emergency shuts city of 11 million people. The smog is so bad, 'You cant see your own fingers in front of you.' (Photo Gallery) Japan will shoot down foreign drones US officials responsible for the secret CIA drone campaign should stand trial, says Amnesty Intl Groom gets a year in jail for staging a bomb hoax on his wedding day to avoid bride finding out he had forgotten to book a venue The Australian Capital Territory legalises samesex marriage. US brushes off France's complaints, says all nations spy Nobel peace prize winner Lech Walesa calls for a new set of secular Ten Commandments to provide the foundation for a universal human values. Indian Illegal Mining Investigation that Led to Arrests of Public Officials Abruptly Ends Without Explanation  Sudden halt sparks concern over extent of corruption uncovered. India ending investigation shows failure to protect vulnerable tribal communities. Gay marriage legalised in the Australian Capital Territory. UK Wikipedia Editors Express Shock & Dismay at Discovery of 100s of Paidfor Entries Promoting Products & Organisations  Most disputed entries originate from US company WikiPR, which claims to build, manage, 7 translate Wikipedia pages for over 12,000 people & companies. Brunei introduces death by stoning under new Islamic laws Israel Economic Assessment Says Legalizing Cannabis Will Boost Revenue Britains jails facing growing problem of forced conversion to Islam, officers warn Thousands of Christians in Egypt turned out for the funerals of four members of a family gunned down as they waited outside a Coptic church for a wedding. Another Blond Girl Seized from a Gypsy Camp  This time in Dublin David Cameron criticises Facebook as irresponsible for allowing users to post videos of beheadings Activists urge South Korea to cancel an imminent shipment of over 1.6 million tear gas canisters allegedly ordered by Bahraini authorities battling a twoandahalfyearlong rebellion. The head of the UN body tasked with delivering a global climate treaty broke down in tears at a meeting as she spoke about the impact of global warming on coming generations. Christiana Figueres told the BBC that the lack of an agreement was condemning future generations before they are even born UN Holland has to stop Sinterklaasfeest US admits French surveillance revelations raise 'legitimate questions' 'Megafire' fears grip Australia as dozens of blazes rage Uruguay Will Sell Legal Marijuana For $1 Per Gram, Official Says Infant Mortality in India Down by 30% in Past Decade Israel's elections bring 'racism' to the fore Walesa Wants New Secular 'Ten Commandments' 'We need to agree on common values for all religions as soon as possible, a kind of secular Ten Commandments on which we will build the world of tomorrow,' he said in an opening speech kicking off the threeday summit. Iceland Has Hired An ExCop To Hunt Down The Bankers That Wrecked Its Economy London is now considered to be the moneylaundering capital of the world A skeptic faces possible charges for debunking Mumbais miracle statue Sanal Edamaruku faces a Catholic backlash after insisting that the holy water dripping from a statue of Christ in Mumbai, India, came from a leaky drain A gang of about a dozen armed people stormed into a church youth campout near Mexico City and went on an hourslong rampage of beatings, robberies and rape Highway 16 in Canada has become known as the 'Highway of Tears' because dozens of women have disappeared along its route. Many of them have been killed, most of them First Nation indigenous peoples. The police have shown little interest in solving the crimes. More than 381,000 infected in Chinese outbreak  A Village council in India has issued a Talibanlike diktat banning women under the age of 40 from falling in love, using mobile phones or going out in public unescorted. One in 10 UK prisoners is a former soldier, new research reveals  Japan Recalls Ambassador to China  NYTimes.com A freak wave of tornadoes ripped through northern Poland on Sunday [15 July 2012], wrecking houses and swathes of forest and leaving one person dead and another 10 injured. Vive La France ... And Its High Taxes On The Wealthy Protester in Tel Aviv, Israel set himself on fire this evening. Gang of gunmen go on rape, robbery, beating rampage at church youth campout near Mexico City Red Cross Syrian conflict now a civil war Cambodian workers on 10 a week making Olympics 'fanwear  Adidas, the sportswear company, is facing an investigation over claims that Cambodian workers are being paid 10 a week in basic wages to make official merchandise for the London Olympics.  Waning Patience Germany Rejects Greek Plea For More Time Hillary Clinton motorcade pelted with tomatoes, shoes in Egypt; Protesters chanted Monica, Monica,  thestar.com It's Official China Is Slowing Down   But how slow is the slowdown?  Five cities named alternative capitals in case Tokyo devastated by next Big One NYT US builds criminal cases in interestrate fixing scandal ...violence between Buddhists and Muslims in Rakhine flared after three Muslims were detained following the rape and killing of a Buddhist woman.  More than 60 people were killed and thousands of homes destroyed in sectarian clashes that followed. Overland pipeline bypassing Strait of Hormuz goes into operation  Move by UAE aims to neutralize Iranian threat to cut off oil Chinese city wages war on piranhas  One man out of 55 survives on lost boat Son Iranian dad arrested for my Facebook posts Cuba receives first US shipment in 50 years. London Olympic committee says you're only allowed to link to their site if you have nice things to say Daily Beast Tim Geithner was aware of LIBOR rate fixing in 2007, but chose not to do anything Philippines Says China Warship Is in Its Territory  ABC News Russian Ship with Attack Helicopters for Syrian Regime Sets Sail Again  This Time Under A Russian Flag and a Flotilla Including a Destroyer 70,000 Condoms is not enough in Olympic Village Belgian nuclear power plant has been leaking radioactive water for 6 years. A Quebec woman who was once active in a youth group that fought stereotypes against Muslims has been charged with terrorism for allegedly trying to smuggle weapons to Hezbollah. 240,000 people ordered to evacuate their homes in Kyushu, southern Japan, due to relentless rain storms. US strengthens its military might in the Gulf  The United States has deployed a fleet of robot subs in the Gulf to prevent Iran from blocking the strategic Strait of Hormuz Pakistan military to receive 1B dollars from USA after apology A World Without Coral Reefs
No Hope Left for Global Coral Reef Ecosystem Ecologist  Vatican posts $19 million deficit, worst in years | The Salt Lake Tribune China's Inner Network Of 'Princelings' Runs Kleptocratic Oligarchy Corruption Spreads Throughout Society As An Estimated $50 Billion A Year Leaves The Country, Followed By Officials, Families Russia's lower house OKs curbs on Internet, media and activists  latimes.com New Country, South Sudan is Hell  Tens of Thousands of Refugees, Starvation, and War.   Libor They all knew  and no one acted Israeli sentenced to 2.5 years in prison in U.S. for dealing kidneys  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Chavez says Venezuela is no threat to anyone Irans Aging Airliner Fleet Seen as Faltering Under U.S. Sanctions Japan's 'manmade' nuclear fiasco | The Japan Times Online Nigerian suicide bomber attacks mosque, kills 5 In one hour, there will be fireworks at the Eiffel Tower for our national day, the 14th of July. Watch it live ! In Mexico, Central American immigrants under fire Mexican papers halt crime coverage for fear of reprisals. The Average Canadian is Now Richer than the Average American Canadians favor decriminalizing marijuana TSA agents to staff UK airports during Olympics HSBC allowed Mexican drug cartels to launder billions of dollars through its US operations as well as providing money and banking services to some banks in Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh believed to have helped fund alQaeda and other terrorist groups. Ten Years After Decriminalization, Drug Abuse Down by Half in Portugal
 New Zealand Parents deny daughter lifesaving transplant girl suffering a rare kidney disease has been put into the guardianship of the High Court because her Jehovah's Witness parents will not consent to her receiving a lifesaving kidney and liver transplant French seek arrest of 97 years old Nazi in Hungary for his role in the deportation of 15,700 Jews to Auschwitz.

 US warship fired on a boat after it ignored warnings off the coast of the United Arab Emirates In March, 24yearold Yorkshireman David Simpson stumbled across the mutilated bodies of 13 men in an African forest. He is now in jail charged with their murder... Needles found in sandwiches on 4 U.S.bound Delta flights that left Sunday from Amsterdam, injuring one passenger. Disney heir divests from Israeli cosmetics company Ahava because it operates in the occupied Palestinian territories. Syria now officially in a state of civil war, according to the Red Cross.  This means that the Geneva Conventions (and prosecution of war crimes) now applies. BlairBush Iraq war transcript may be suppressed Israel Begins Rounding Up and Interning Africans  Africanglobe Beaten, stripped and burned with cigarettes for 45 minutes Horrific video of attack on young woman by mob of 20 men in India sparks outrage after it was posted on YouTube

 500 dead penguins wash up along Brazil's beaches Oil Companies Spring a Leak, Courtesy of 
Anonymous | Threat Level | Wired.com Egypt's new president considers lifting the blockade on Gaza. Israeli ignites protests with selfimmolation  Features  Al Jazeera English Man Who Bit Into Needle Found in Sandwiches on Delta Flight Put on AntiHIV Medication  ABC News 150m skyscraper ablaze as fire tears through Polat Tower in Istanbul A large blaze has broken out in a 42story tower block in the center of the Turkish city of Istanbul South Africa says 281 of the country's endangered rhinoceros have been killed by poachers in the first six months of the year. A pervasively polluted culture allowed HSBC to faciliate clients involved in money laundering Kadima quits Israel government over conscription law    Israel's Kadima party has left Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government in a dispute over military conscription for ultraOrthodox Jews. Gaza Christians protest 'forcible conversions'  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Calls to destroy the Pyramids were a hoax, begun by a satirical twitter account, which western news outlets took as fact. Tasmanian cops decline to 'censor internet content' Mexican drug cartels' spreading influence Graphic Gang rapes SEVEN girls during violent night time attack on church youth camp in Mexico City 35.8% of children in Fukushima have cysts in their thyroid, compared to 0.8% of children in a control group. Egyptian Protesters Chant Monica To Hillary Clinton Light sentence in brutal murder shows double standard for Jews, Palestinians
 Springsteen cut off because of curfew. Guitarist calls Britain a police state.  Hardheaded Socialism Makes Canada Richer Than U.S.  U.S. Navy ship fires at boat in Persian Gulf  1 killed, 3 injured Sri Lanka names a newly found fresh water fish after Dawkins. Huge antinuclear demonstration staged in Tokyo  
Tens of thousands of people took to the streets in Tokyo on Monday to demand a stop to nuclear power. It is the latest sign of a growing antinuclear sentiment among the Japanese population.  Hollande keeps another election promise no presumtion of self defense for police [Google translate of French Reuters] The judge due to hear Kim Dotcom's extradition case has referred to the US as the enemy in a discussion about copyright law The Worlds Last Worm A Dreaded Disease Nears Eradication  In 1986 there were 3.5 million cases, as compared with only 1,060 in 2011 and a mere five as of the first few months of 2012. Germany Not Immune To Bank Fiasco 'In Germany we have a problem with the bigger banks, but no one is talking about it,' said Dr Mechthild Schrooten, professor of economics ... 'It is not clear how big a banking problem there is, I wouldn't even want to begin to guess, but it has a lot of zeroes.' Taliban imposes ban on polio vaccination campaign in tribal areas. Spanish Journalist Describes Seeing the Aftermath of the Tremseh Massacre  
A freelance photojournalist who visited the town after reports of a recent massacre the says he saw 1sthand the evidence of heavy artillery & mass executions by the Syrian government. N. Korean media Army chief relieved of all posts Kim Jong Un's top military official has been removed from all posts because of illness, state media said in a surprise announcement that shakes the core of the authoritarian country's power structure Israel's second summer of discontent  One year after waves of protests in Tel Aviv, thousands are taking to the streets again, demanding political reforms. The mood darkened over the weekend following the selfincineration of an activist.  The bodies of over 500 penguins have washed up on beaches in southern Brazil in the past week. A world of plenty....Countries ignore global warming to mine shale gas  Libya's Olympic chief kidnapped London 2012 difficult day on roads and rail as countdown to Olympics starts  32mile backup in London as VIP Games lanes open | Telegraph Gazans visit relatives jailed in Israel Israel has allowed 40 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to visit relatives held in Israeli jails, the first such visits in five years, following a deal to end a prisoners' hunger strike. Melinda Gates challenges Vatican by vowing to improve contraception Mother who put her infant son on a highway in the Moscow Region amid the night hoping he would be killed by cars was sentenced to eight years in prison 
Canadian Scientists 'Mourn Death of Evidence' under Harper Government Protest march will highlight public harm done by gutting of research programs  Muslim Brotherhood concedes defeat in Libyan parliamentary elections Legal euthanasia has not led to more cases in the Netherlands Dozens of Afghan womens rights activists took to the streets Wednesday to protest against the recent public execution of a young woman for alleged adultery  Acta's worst clauses resurface in CanadaEU trade treaty, verbatim (Wired UK) Taliban commander we cannot win war and alQaida is a 'plague'  Behind the Libor Scandal  Graphic  NYTimes.com NZ called on to ban Fat Hatred in the 3rd Fattest Country on Earth. Lecturer leading the cause claims obesity is healthy and the world is discriminating against fat people. Why we are breaking the Pirate Bay ban
 London residents lose court battle aimed at keeping missiles off roof of building during Olympic games. Scientists attribute extreme weather to manmade climate change Syria Torture Centers Revealed | Human Rights Watch Kim Dotcom says he will extradite himself to the us, if he gets his money back Silvio Berlusconi to again run for Italian Prime Minister in next year's elections Russian Duma adopts 'site blacklist' bill despite SOPAstyle outcry against censorship More prison for feminist punk rockers, Pussy Riot, riles liberal Russians Swiss Banks UBS, Credit Suisse Raided By German, French Authorities Over Tax Evasion. German tax authorities have raided Credit Suisse clients and French officials searched the homes of UBS employees, deepening the crackdown on foreigners hiding money in Swiss offshore accounts to dodge taxes. Moscow's Marines Head for Syria  Spain today more cuts and police crushing people Four found guilty of modern slavery.  Tigers kill a man in zoo in Copenhagen. Russian Websites Go Dark to Protest Internet Blacklist Bill The bill is comprised of amendments that create an Internet blacklist which opponents say poses a serious threat to freedom of expression in Russia Egypt Court Overrules President Over Parliament.  Egypt's Islamistled parliament reconvened on Tuesday in an open challenge to the generals who dissolved it last month. The supreme court swiftly ruled the newly elected, Islamist president had acted illegally in summoning the assembly, 20,000 Leatherback turtle eggs crushed by heavy machinery on Trinidad beach  thestar.com ACTA IS BACK Leaked docs show Canada/
ACTA IS BACK! European Commission trying to 
sneak ACTA into Canada & back into Europe 9 years ago, a man convinced English bookmakers to give him 661 odds on Roger Federer winning Wimbledon 7 times.  The man died, but the charity he gave the ticket to has cashed it in for almost $158,000. Drugs tunnel between Mexico and US discovered Wikipedia shut down its Russianlanguage page on Tuesday to protest at a bill that would boost government control over the internet amid a crackdown on those opposed to the regime of President Vladimir Putin Congo warlord jailed for 14 years in landmark case  Delivering its first sentence, the International Criminal Court jailed Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga Dyilo for 14 years on Tuesday for recruiting child soldiers. Rare black tiger found in India Vatican Threatens to Sue German Magazine  'Titanic' featured a picture of the Germanborn pontiff with a yellow stain on his white cassock & the headline The leak has been found.  Editor Leo Fischer said in a statement Benedict must have misunderstood us.
 LIBOR Scandal Manipulation Spanned Decades, According To Reports  It was one of those well kept secrets, but the regulator was asleep, the Bank of England didn't care, and...[the banks involved were] happy with the reference prices. Canada's PM Stephen Harper faces revolt by scientists 'Hostage siege' at Paris school in progress Matt Taibbi The New York Times and its outstanding financial reporter, Gretchen Morgenson, have published an important article about the LIBOR banking crisis, challenging American regulators to take this mess as seriously as the British appear to be. Russian Wikipedia shuts down to protest legislation Israeli Army burns agricultural crops in Gaza Libor scandal Bob Diamond gives up 20m bonus  Anonymous takes credit for hack that exposes 2.4 million Syrian emails Thousands protest Mexico's presidentelect Russia halts sales of new weapons to Syria Mali Islamists destroy tombs at ancient Timbuktu mosque There is no world heritage, it doesn't exist.  Kim Jongun Appears With Disney Characters on North Korean TV  NYTimes.com With 15Minute Session, Egypt's Parliament Defies High Court Unknown illness surfaced in Cambodia kills infected children within 1 day Russian Wikipedia Shuts Down To Protest Censorship Norway's government has reluctantly intervened at the final hour to end a strike by offshore oil workers. Oslo used powers to end the walkout after firms said they would be otherwise forced into a complete shutdown.  Congo rebels capture key towns in east as conflict escalates; M23 mutineers advance to within 40km of UN mission HQ and call on Congolese president Joseph Kabila to heed demands So thirsty he called police Coroner slams hospital staff who refused dying patient's desperate pleas for water Head of women's affairs in Afghanistan killed by car bomb in latest act of violence against women Too big to fail  too lofty to learn?  With investigators zeroing in on over a dozen big banks in the Libor rate rigging scandal, the timing couldn't be better for a structural overhaul of Europes banking sector. Not so fast, says the banking lobby.  China blocks searches of the word truth A Quiet Revolution Drug Decriminalisation Policies in Practice Across the Globe  Evidence from 23 countries shows decriminalizing drugs doesn't increase use Indian Government Spends $1.3 Million To Stop Auction Of Gandhi Letters That May Show He Was Gay Pair disembowelled child rapist in UK Prison India refuses to hike cancer drug price Germany tells Jews, Muslims they will be free to circumcise London Olympics Bans NonMcDonald's Fries Iranian father arrested for son's facebook page activity while at school in the Netherlands Business Insider Iceland hires excop to hunt down financiers which wrecked its economy Ethnic Cleansing in Myanmar Merkel backs circumcision after German court calls it illegal and states, it is a right China airline thanks passengers for foiling hijack Syrian troops using tanks and helicopters have massacred more than 200 people in the central province of Hama The mosque was shelled, it collapsed, and that killed the people in it. The United States today hit Iran with a raft of economic restrictions, reported the Associated Press, a move that comes within weeks of a July 1 European Union oil embargo on Islamic Republic. Britain embarrassed by Olympics security shortfall  Britain could be forced to deploy thousands of extra troops in London during the Olympics, after a lastminute security blunder dealt an embarrassing blow to the government just two weeks before the Games. Israeli soldiers have once again crossed into Lebanon in clear violation of the country's sovereignty and a UN Security Council resolution International Survey  Crisis Batters Global Faith in Capitalism Saudi Arabia Will Send Two Women to the Olympics. Mexico runnerup files legal challenge  Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, who finished second in July 1 vote, accuses the winner of breaking campaign finance laws. Tibetan monk beaten to death by Chinese officials German Circumcision Ban Is it a parent's right to choose? MI6 chief Iran 2 years from nuclear bomb.  WikiLeaks wins case against VISA  Mexicans hold massive election protests, media remains quiet BBC News  Catholic Church loses child abuse liability 
appeal Taiwan to stage first samesex Buddhist wedding European Jewish and Muslim groups have joined forces to defend circumcision for young boys on religious grounds Oil on their hands  With a middle finger to foreign oil companies, and costing them billions, Nigerians are stealing corporate oil, refining it themselves, and selling it on the black market. Mutiny fear in Israeli army as religious Zionists gain influence. Highly religious soldiers could refuse orders to remove Jews from settlements
 Falkvinge In the UK, you will go to jail not just for encryption, but for astronomical noise, too Supreme Court of Canada rules that ISPs don't have to pay copyright fees when their users download music Palestinians pressured not to seek international probe into Arafat's death The United States has put pressure on the Palestinian leadership not to seek such an investigation because it can lead to some negative consequences on the Middle East peace process A 1,000yearold hoard of gold coins has been unearthed at a famous Crusader battleground where Christian and Muslim forces once fought for control of the Holy Land, Israeli archaeologists said on Wednesday. Mexico signs ACTA US quietly prepares for naval clash with Iran in Strait of Hormuz Germany introduces easy parking spots for women Australian Govt defends need to snoop on online and phone records Sales tax in Spain jumps to 21% Three African migrants hurt in Israeli arson attack Israeli police said it appeared to have been a racist attack The Next Holy Grail for Physics End of empire for Western universities? Women Who Refuse to Die  Prime Minister Tony Blair was briefed on the UK's files about UFO sightings in 1998, newly declassified MoD documents have revealed. Australian scientists have found that two different vaccines used to control an infectious disease in chickens can recombine to create new lethal virus strains Report U.S. sends forces to Persian Gulf ahead of possible clash with Iran Over 100 Nigerians burnt to death in fuel tanker explosion  the vehicle did not immediately burst into flames so people rushed to scoop up the fuel, but the tanker then exploded, burning many of them to death. Syria's Ambassador to Iraq Defects  says Syrian regime has become an instrument to kill people and their aspiration to freedom. Australian Gov't broke new records for web censorship by requiring the takedown not just of a page containing harmful content, nor even a page linking to harmful content, but a page linking to a link to allegedly harmful content. b'Jacqui Smith ... has been making up for it ever since with a series of blunders so blatant that you could be forgiven for assuming she is in the pay of a fareast betting syndicate.' b'UK banned Michael Savage for allegedly hateful comments about Muslims, but an Islamic group he had previously maligned came to his defense  on free speech grounds!' Forty years ago, I was enraptured by Israel's courageous sense of mission. For me today, as for many, that idealism has palled b'Chavez seizes oil service firms' b'Pope We pray for the children of Gaza who have died or have been left orphans and live in misery and fear.' b'Alcohol, the new Crack!' b'Sexstarved Kenyan sues over boycott.  James Kimondo said the sevenday sex ban, which ended this week, resulted in stress, mental anguish, backaches and lack of sleep.' b'Russia  Issues Stern Warning To  Countries Considering  Military Adventures ' b'Relatives of murdered Iraqi girl demand execution of US soldier' EU wants 'Internet G12' to govern cyberspace b'In pictures Life in Hongsibao' b'Million displaced as battles with Taliban intensify in Pakistan' b'Karzai Says US Airstrikes Not Acceptable' b'The Internet of Things, a digital representation of real world objects and people tagged with RFID chips, and increased censorship are two main themes for the future of the web.' b'Half a million flee Swat valley as Pakistan faces months of fighting' b'Police Dismantle Huge Cocaine Lab in Eastern Bolivia' b'North Korea  three men put to death for bad management' b'Leaked 1955 Bilderberg Docs Outline Plan For Single European Currency  Global elite spoke of agenda to create Euro nearly 40 years before it was first codified in the 1992 Maastricht Treaty' b'Gunships and planes strike Pakistan Taliban in Swat' b'Warrant of Arrest for Zimbabwe Independent Editor, Reporter' b'Taliban a threat to the whole country, Pakistan PM says' Yemeni Islamist leader warns of 'foreign plans' to divide Yemen b'Sri Lankans arrest UK news team ' b'Pepe Escobar Killing them softly with air strikesWarningThis video may contain images depicting the reality and horror of war/violence and should only be viewed by a mature audience.' Drug decriminalization in Portugal decreases number of addicts 96,000 pounds of Silver, possibly the largest discovery in history, was found in the North Atlantic. Canadian Mining Company Destroys Panama rainforest, destroys local people's livelihood Married Olympic couple cant room together, claim discrimination for being a heterosexual couple. Infant buried alive minutes after birth.  Father It was my will because she was my child and every person has the right to do anything with their children Shell could face huge fine for Nigeria spill  Nigerian agency tells parliament oil giant should pay $5bn for environmental damage caused by offshore leak last year. Canada B.C. launches massive new program to wipe out HIV/AIDS by testing everyone in the province who has ever been sexually active using an HIV antibody test that produces results in about 30 seconds Rupert Murdoch faces shareholder revolt at News Corporation AGM Aust Government to force citizens to hand over internet passwords  sending you to jail if you refuse. A top Muslim cleric in Russia's Tatarstan province was shot dead Thursday and another was wounded by a car bomb, attacks that the province's leader and local religious authorities said were probably related to the priests' criticism of radical Islamists. Beyond Foxconn More Dirt on the Factories Making Your iPhone  Troubling new findings cast doubt on Apple's highly publicized promise to improve  conditions in its overseas factories. Using surveys, onsite visits, undercover investigations, & facetoface interviews, 10 factories were evaluated. French rightwing lawmakers raised their eyebrows and hooted as minister of territories and housing, Ccile Duflot, took to the podium because she was wearing a floral dress. UK Border Agency Staff To Go On Strike One Day Before The Olympics
 Russia, China veto westernbacked Syria resolution at UN Security Council Russia's Moderate Muslim leaders attacked in Tatarstan Ian Tomlinson death PC not guilty Mexico Admits to 67 Journalists Murdered Since 2006  Press advocates have long called Mexico one of the most dangerous nations for journalists. But there is little agreement about the numbers killed. As China Squeezes Nepal, Tibetan Escape Route Narrows Tibetans seeking to flee Chinese rule are finding their traditional passage of escape  via the Himalayan nation of Nepal  far more fraught and difficult than before  Mexican Teen's brothel escape triggers clampdown... No sign of Assad after bomb kills kin, rebels close in  Reuters This Is Not A Composite Photo  site of an aluminum oxide plant burst in Hungary Syrian rebels now control all border post between Syria and Iraq Young gorillas seen dismantling poachers traps Hong Kong Imported 10 Million Kilograms of Shark Fins Last Year | Extinction Countdown, Scientific American Blog Network Australian Government Moves to Expand Surveillance Powers 'AG Roxon calls for making it easier for law enforcement and intelligence agencies to spy on Twitter and Facebook users... likely be achieved by compelling companies to create backdoors to enable surveillance.' Girls denied cervical cancer jab  Some schools in England have opted out of the HPV vaccination programme because their pupils follow strict Christian principles and do not practise sex outside marriage. WikiLeaks Reopens Channel For Credit Card Donations, Dares Visa And MasterCard To Block Them Again | Forbes Antipiracy group fined...for stealing music. Syrian Defense Minister confirmed killed in Damascus blast. Blast hits Israeli tour bus in Bulgaria BBC banned from airing London Riots Docudrama  Megaupload judge quits case after US 'is enemy' comment Denmark is trying to encourage bicycle commuting to Copenhagen by promoting socalled cycle superhighways China airline crew rewarded with cars and cash for foiling hijack Hainan Airlines Group gave nine crew members Audi cars, cash and property Court demands secret files on US 'black jails Several killed, wounded in terror attack against Israelis in Bulgaria Twothirds of Spaniards aged below 30 still live at home with their parents Wounded Indian fisherman US Navy vessel gave no warning before firing Average Chinese person's carbon footprint now equals European's  The per capita emissions of the world's largest national emitter is almost on a par with the European average, new figures show
 
 
Millions of savers being misled by City fund managers about hidden fees that can almost halve the value of their pensions, yearlong study finds The judge overseeing the Kim Dotcom extradition case has stepped down after making comments suggesting the United States was the enemy Kim Jong Un's government begins to ease persecution of criminals' extended families.  Taliban bomb destroys 22 NATO supply trucks in Afghan north Indian doctors illegally removed wombs from poor women in order to claim money from a national insurance scheme, the state's health minister said on Wednesday. Court ruling preventing BBC docudrama on London riots being aired to be challenged. Northern Mali has become a magnet for Islamic extremists who have imposed a strict form of justice that is prompting tens of thousands of people to flee what some are likening to an African Afghanistan Bank of England votes 72 to print money  Policymakers meanwhile voted unanimously to keep the BoE's main interest rate at a record low 0.50%, where it has stood for over 3 years. A Tanzanian ferry carrying at least 250 people has sunk near the island of Zanzibar. Disillusioned German Islamists Returning Home to Germany Reactor building of Shika nuclear plant in Ishikawa might sit on an active fault CNN Drops 20yearveteran news editor after twitter post mourning the death of prowomen's rights Hezbollah leader. With 6 countries imposing the death penalty on gay people and 80 making gay sex illegal, British judges say gay refugees must get asylum PROMISES BROKEN Hundreds of fishermen dont get their BP checks Irish block EU plan to allow data transfer to Israel  
The Irish Times  Thu, Jul 08, 2010 Obama orders investigation of Turkish aid foundation after Israeli peace activist slaughter  The United States is investigating whether to add the Turkish Humanitarian Relief Foundation, or HH, to its official list of terrorist organizations. UK treasure hunter finds 52,000 Roman coins A penguin has been found wandering the streets of Dublin after she was stolen from the zoo in a suspected prank. BBC News  Three held in Norway 'alQaeda bomb plot' As many of you may know, The Pirate Bay is down, here is the reason. 4,300yearold tombs found in Egypt Controversy over South Korea's sunken ship  Physicists' research casts doubt on idea that North Korean torpedo downed vessel AARP on Iran's health care system That system has eliminated
health disparities between rural and urban populations over the last 30
years, reducing infant mortality in rural areas by tenfold. If Earth stopped spinning, how would land, water reconfigure in absence of centrifugal force? Computer simulation supplies answer one equatorial megacontinent, two great polar oceans Chinese Firm Drops Local IQ Standards for U.S. Hires Fox Plans Arabic News Channel Iranian woman condemned to be stoned receives reprieve. Poverty among Holocaust victims in Israel is something of a dirty secret and there's a sense of bitterness and betrayal We helped found the state of Israel and built it. They should make our final years better Britain condemns planned stoning to death for adultery of a woman in Iran stoning is a medieval punishment that has no place in the modern world Afghanistan Now it's America's war  There is little doubt that the new British Government would like to bring the troops back from a war it has inherited, and one which is proving increasingly costly in both human and financial terms. The Corruption Hunter Network form club Sounds like a band of comicbook superheroes, but they are real  prosecutors and investigators who fight governmental and institutional wrongdoing worldwide Iran halts woman's death by stoning  but she could still face death penalty, and 12 other women still face death by stoning European Parliament approves sending European citizens' financial data to U.S. authorities as part of the Terrorist Finance Tracking Program Cuba Releasing 1/3 of Country's Political Prisoners! How Kim Jongil Ruined World Cup Propaganda Push for Heir Russia Frees Scientist in Exchange for the Russian spy Anna Chapman Iran woman 'adulterer' will not face stoning BP has 24 hours to give answers on oil well, US government says Companies brace for end of cheap madeinChina era Australian Government Temporarily Backs Down on the Internet Filter Issue. In all [last week], the Chinese military awoke to find as many as 462 new Tomahawks deployed by the U.S. in its neighborhood. Iran to U.S. No talks until you clarify stance on Israel nukes  Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Thursday that the United States must make its position on Israel's nuclear strategy clear before talks on Tehran's atomic program could resume. 
STOP BUYING FOOD PRODUCTS MADE IN CHINA...

Chinese authorities have seized 64 tonnes of milk powder and products laced with the same deadly toxic additive that sparked an uproar in 2008. Russianbuilt submersibles would be able to cap the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico, the captain of one of the vessels has said China renews Google's license Poverty within white South Africa, in pictures Here is the cached post the UK and US don't want any body to see. Fadelalah was a decent man, from  the  lady who knew/met him several times, he is no spiritual leader of Hizbulah. BBC News  Iran woman escapes stoning death for adultery things are getting hot  UK deletes a blog post made by their ambassador in lebanon (Frances Guy) that praises late Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah, Lebanon's top Shiite cleric PAKISTAN A trade union leader and his brother are murdered during strike negotiations Italian journalists strike over Berlusconi wiretap bill Haryana, the caste barrier is broken. A Dalit elected head of an Indian village Bookstore CEO and wife of billionaire saves Iranian woman from stoning. Japan increases its airspace at the expense of Taiwan Israel is still bitching against anyone who mourns the Lebanese deceased cleric Wellknown human rights organization denounces CNN's firing of Mideast editor This kid can't catch a break horrible name, horrible father, horrible timing to commit a horrible act and now a horrible time in prison.  BBC News  UK envoy's praise for Lebanon cleric draws Israel anger Deep Throat  The depravity of Major League Eating.  Reallife Shaolin Soccer Chinese monks starts soccer team CNN fires British ambassador for praising deceased 
Lebanon cleric