 For them, there is no safe place. They are raped when harvesting crops; when going to market; when fetching water and firewood; when carrying their babies; when in their homes at night, among their loved ones. Prison break 680 have escaped. European Parliament calls for immediate disclosure ACTA  Finally!  Al Jazeera English documentary A look at how the swell of Chinese globalisation is having an impact on the coast of Africa. A tradition in Masonry is to crave the faces of Masons into the Gargoyles, this time the Mason was a Muslim and the project was a Catholic Church.  Rightist groups are now accusing Islam of taking over their Churches. As students around the world head back to school, many of the lessons they're learning are not only false  they're dangerous Book 'Racist' Churchill let millions of Indians starve to death Israel worried by America's proposal for international force in Palestinian territory A nowdischarged US sergeant who served in Iraq secretly planted grenades in the cars of Iraqis at check points, for a prank. He's caused controversy because he filmed himself and the reaction of drivers as a joke, and posted it on YouTube. Report Castro says Cuban model doesn't work Beware of Greeks Bearing Bonds.  Excellent Vanity Fair article about the problems of Greece 59% of Israeli teens dont want Arab students in their class  The survey...also revealed that 59% of teens aged 15 to 18 believe that Arab students should not have equal rights in schools.     
    
	 Arab News Brazil has conducted its latest census 100% digitally, using 150,000 smartphones Ironic update in the Assange case There's a leak in the police dept. China blacks out towns to meet energy goal  Trapped in a Chilean mine  moving photos [pics] The Menacing Nature Of The Herd Mentality  Comradeship is usually a good thing. Crowds are often fun. But in politics (and on reddit) they are dangerous. They encourage simplicity and selfishness, override individual conscience. Crowd easily becomes mob  Fidel Castro criticises Mahmoud Ahmadinejad N.Korea prepares for leader succession with first congress of ruling party in 30 years Palestinian militants fired a mortar round from the Gaza Strip on Wednesday narrowly missing a kindergarten in a kibbutz in southern Israel A diplomatic row has intensified
between China and Japan after
collisions between two
Japanese patrol boats and a
Chinese trawler on Tuesday. Lone Chinese dissident decries an era of mediocrity I'm a Roman Catholic... I don't know if I've ever seen a Roman Catholic cut anybody's head off, slice somebody's throat or abuse women. Really??? Film industry hires cyber hitmen to take down internet pirates Clinton sees drug insurgency in Mexico  Government has lost control to cartels Afghan insurgents give captive reporter a cell phone to show them the Internet, so he tweets his whereabouts.  Terrorism  Suicide attack in Russia kills 15, wounds over 100 Olympic Disaster in Vancouver, Taxpayers on Hook for $1 Billion Ghost Town AntiIsrael boycotts are gaining speed What America Left Behind in Iraq  It's even uglier than you think. UK MPs 'were too scared to testify in court' against Rupert Murdoch Merkel to honor Mohammed cartoonist at press award
| Reuters How could this POSSIBLY go wrong? Robert Fisk The lie behind mass 'suicides' of Egypt's young women  
Part three of our series demolishes the official claim that Egypt, where a farmer decapitated his own daughter, has no 'honour' killings The Other 9/11 BurnaQur'an pastor used flock as slaves, says exworshipper  Emma Jones, the pastor's daughter from his first marriage, has described her father's church as a cult. Assassination of Mexican mayor is third in less than a month China's UN diplomat in drunken rant against Americans Iran to release one of three US hikers Former NKorea soldiers launch group to topple regime Creepy Biometric IDs to Be Forced Onto India's 1.2 Billion Inhabitants 
Romania attempts to tax witches and fortune tellers
Proposals to tax witches and fortune tellers in Romania were voted down by senators.
The politicians who had drafted the new law claim it is because they feared they would be cursed if they passed the plans.  Back to Russia, With Love  
Russian Spy Anna Chapman Finds Celebrity at Home Is Mexico at threat from a drugs insurgency? Thailand  Three unexploded bombs found in Bangkok Higher education and wages  Plenty of university graduates are working in lowskilled jobs  According to the Economist Intelligence Unit, Brazil is close to electing its first woman president, Dilma Rousseff, of the Workers' Party Fidel Castro Cuban economics doesn't work Women targeted in latest Juarez killings  El Paso Times Britain's Afghan envoy resigns amid clash with NATO and US officials  convinced the military focused counter insurgency effort was headed for failure Murdoch's News International ordered tech firm to massdeleted emails. HSBC posts $11.5 billion profit, announces plan to slash 25,000 more jobs Murdoch Hacked Us Too  Excoriating attack on News Corp. Not just a UK issue. And there's a lot more to it than mere tabloid vulgarity and rightwing attackdog politics GETTING BIN LADEN What happened that night in Abbottabad Chinese government censors all reports on railway crash amid unrest EU fishing fleets discarded 2.7bn (2.1m) of dead or dying cod to avoid breaking regulations, claims report, fueling  bitter debate
 Doubting Assurances, Japanese Find Radioactivity on Their Own Chinese newspapers defy government ban on negative coverage of bullet train crash North Korea 'keen' for sixparty nuclear talks North Korea says it is eager to resume sixparty talks on its nuclear programme at an early date and without preconditions. Major retail chain in Norway will stop selling violent video games after massacre In a dramatic policy shift, Israel's prime minister has agreed to negotiate the borders of a Palestinian state based on the pre1967 ceasefire line. The Rise of the MacroNationalists Chinas $2 Trillion Hole               
The US debt negotiation ceilings are going to the wire. China, the biggest holder of Treasury debt, is watching on helplessly as it gets taken to the financial cleaners. Banking giant HSBC has said it will cut 25,000 jobs by 2013 and exit operations in 20 countries Norway PM Jens Stoltenberg warns against 'witch hunt' Norway's Prime Minister, Jens Stoltenberg, has warned his compatriots not to launch a witch hunt following the deadly attacks of 22 July. A deadly weekend attack in China's restive Xinjiang region was masterminded by terrorists trained in Pakistan Civilians killed as protesters chide 'silent' West Syrian Army Kills Dozens in Assaults on Restive Cities  NYTimes.com Ritual killings and even cannibalism flare up in Liberia's election campaigns.
 Syrian forces have killed nearly 142 people, including at least 100 when the army stormed the flashpoint protest city of Hama to crush dissent on the eve of Ramadan Jordan's King Abdullah II Gets a Star Trek Theme Park A War Without Corpses In Colombia's most violent city, crime statistics get better even as the situation gets worse Lebanese Army opens fire on IsraelLebanon border.  One soldier hurt. Ramadan Massacre Videos Show Horror of Syria's Deadliest Day The EU has announced new sanctions against Syrians involved in the violent crackdown against antiregime protesters. Protests and violence continued on Monday, a day after Syrian forces killed at least 80 people. Israel is willing to make a sweeping concession  dividing control of Jerusalem  as part of a historic final peace pact with Palestinians and drop its demand that Jerusalem would remain the undivided capital of Israel In just ten years, Brazil has turned itself into one of the world's breadbaskets. Is Africa next? There was no room on our deck so we just started pushing helicopters overboard. We figured humans were much more important than the hardware.    Valor at the Vietnam War's End, a 3part series from NPR.  US told EU to hide ACTA from public Here is an English translation of the executive summary from the leaked German military study which predicted a severe global energy crisis dramatically shifting the balance of world power brought on by peak oil. [It's lengthy, but you'll be astounded at the global ramifications and consequences]. Tony Blair We must be prepared for attack on Iran Another Gulf oil rig explodes off La. coast Top British law enforcement official moves toward reopening investigation into mysterious 2003 death of WMD inspector... Germany has been making some good decisions lately. First the Monsanto ban, now The German government has tabled a draft bill that would ban employers from profiling job applicants on social networks such as Facebook and prevent clandestine video surveillance at work.  Pakistani officers ditch Pentagon meeting after airport detention China Too cheap to avoid a traffic jam 10 civilians are killed and 2 others are wounded after being struck by NATO during an election campaign in Rostaq, Afghanistan. Originally, a spokesman had said a precision air strike had hit a militant vehicle. Afghanistan Hamid Karzai in panic as graft probe closes in Mozambique bread riots spread as police shoot protesters  Iraq set to become one of Americas biggest markets for arms exports; Deals worth $13 billion for Abrams tanks and other equipment are currently being negotiated, and a $3 billion F16 fighter contract is set to follow. Why Israelis Don't Care About Peace with Palestinians  Mahmoud Karzai, the brother of the Afghan president, wants the US to bail out Afghanistan's biggest bank which is in danger of collapse. Shock Tony Blair apologizes for killings in Iraq HSH Nordbank  Germany's Nordbank Embroiled in FrameUp Allegations  German stateowned bank HSH Nordbank is caught up in a furor of allegations that it used breakins, bugging and planting of child pornography on a laptop computer to engineer the ousting of highlevel employees. Netanyahu and Abbas to Begin Direct Mideast Peace Talks German Military Peak Oil could lead to collapse of democracy Fidel Castro regrets discrimination against gays in Cuba The Chinese government on Wednesday began to require cellphone users to furnish identification when buying SIM cards, a move officials cast as an effort to rein in burgeoning cellphone spam, pornography and fraud schemes In South Africa's public sector strike, workers have switched off fridges at the Durban mortuary, cut identification tags off bodies and mixed the bodies up.... Syria holds Lebanon Shiite cleric as suspected Israeli spy Vandals Destroy 8,000YrOld Aboriginal Artworks in Tasmania  The priceless rock art is damaged beyond repair China plans massive sea lab 10,000 feet underwater Assisted Suicide Is Now Legal in Canada  And One Province Is Providing Free Drugs to Do It Shootings reported at food and retail center in central Tel Aviv Miners find 500yearold shipwreck filled with gold coins in Namibian desert Sir Tim BernersLee Internet has become 'worlds largest surveillance network' The 4 newest elements on the periodic table have just been named Migrant numbers plunge as Norway now 'less attractive'  Integration Minister Sylvi Listhaug says her moves to make Norway a less soughtafter destination for migrants have worked. ISIS defectors asking Western governments for help returning home Thousands of Walmart China workers organise online to oppose new working hours system.Walmart Workers Network, which usually fluctuates between 100200 members, grew to 10,000 in just a few weeks, according to Wang Shishu, the groups cofounder. Threaten one MP and you're attacking the whole parliament, Lammert tells Turkey. Germany's speaker of parliament has sharply criticized Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, following threats against GermanTurkish MPs. Norbert Lammert said top Turkish politicians had fuelled the fire. Bundestag urges Angela Merkel to stand up to Turkey BlackBerry hands over user data to help police 'kick ass,' insider says Israel Suspends Ramadan Entry Permits for 83,000 Palestinians Physicists confirm there's a second layer of information hidden in our DNA  ...the researchers have shown that there's more than one way that DNA mutations can affect us by changing the letters in our DNA, or simply by changing the mechanical cues that arrange the way a strand is folded. Three Syrian Hospitals Bombed in Just Three Hours Germans get richer while southern Europe lags study India truly aligned with America now, Indian Prime Minister Modi hints in his address to US Congress; common ojectives and collaborations being securing world peace to science technology and defence cooperation Palestinians celebrate terror attack in Tel Aviv, Saudis strongly condemn Germany Family Reunification Could Double Number of Syrians Erdogan's rage brings death threats to German MPs German MPs of Turkish origin faced death threats from people loyal to Turkish President Erdogan at the weekend after voting to declare Ottoman masacres of Armenians a genocide. Peru's forced sterilization trauma haunts election The doctors told Victoria Vigo her third child must be born by Cesarean. Without telling her, they also tied her fallopian tubes. She would have no more children. Irelands abortion laws violated woman's human rights, says UN Landmark ruling finds countrys restrictive abortion legislation subjected Amanda Mellet to emotional and mental suffering Spacex plans the first relaunch of one of its rockets in September or October of this year Nasa to map coral reefs from the air to show impact of climate change Scientists hope largescale maps will offer new insight into effects of warming and pollution as previous studies have almost always been done up close in the water. Monsanto Uprooted  Germany Bans Cultivation of GM Corn Sweden to reopen WikiLeaks rape case against Julian Assange There is reason to believe that a crime has been committed Castro admits 'injustice' for gays and lesbians during revolution They were moments of great injustice ... if someone is responsible, it's me.
 US man nabbed for blasphemy in Indonesia, could face 5 years in jail for unplugging loudspeaker of mosque that woke him during the night. Peak Oil and the German Government Military Study Warns of a Potentially Drastic Oil Crisis Leaving Iraq, Remembering Roy  
Remarkably moving piece of writing. US officer pays tribute to brave young interpreter who joined Americans after alQaeda beheaded two of his classmates. Spoiler it doesn't end happily
 Oil Balls Landing on Indian Beaches Ian Tomlinson (protester killed at G20 in London) update pathologist who conducted the autopsy suspended from the Home Office register of forensic pathologists for misconduct amid questions about his postmortem examination of Mr Tomlinson 4 Israelis wounded in shooting attack near Hebron Sharia Justice Compassion 90yearold Saudi to get 100 lashes At least six killed in Mozambique protests over bread prices The Stig's identity revealed over legal battle I've watched the death of too many civilians, women and children getting killed for doing nothing more than stepping out of the their house. ... Pulling troops from Iraq, they're just going to be sent to Afghanistan.  Ethan McCord, ground troop involved in WikiLeaks video After more than 7 years of war, Iraqis are still scrambling to forge a working government Armenian troops commit sabotage act on Azerbaijani territory, both sides have losses Next step in gradual phasing out of incandescent lightbulbs has begun in the EU. Two more years and they'll all be gone. Ikeshima Goodbye to old King Coal  Beautiful, sad, photoessay about neardeserted Japanese island, once home of country's last working coalmines. Twelve children in school built for 1,500. One restaurant. Lots, and lots, of rust   Ghanaian prostitutes in Nigeria on strike (somewhat NSFW)  Is Germany Becoming Islamophobic? North Korea vowed to strengthen military ties with 
China on Wednesday, days after the North's leader 
Kim Jongil finished a visit aimed at bolstering the 
bond with his isolated country's sole major 
supporter Pakistan government air raid kills 45 militants and their families Warning, getting fat may cause travel problems. Man arrested and detained by the authorities in Amsterdam on the basis that he did not resemble the person in his passport photograph. International law enforcement agencies have combined to dismantle an alleged organised child exploitation network that had been operating via the social networking site Facebook I am a refugee Blasts kill up to eight in Pakistan's Lahore, 100 hurt Peace deal 'not possible' as Israel announces settlement building to resume End of a nation? Get ready for the breakup of Belgium Extraordinary Story of Corruption and Stealing in Russia. Russian Government turns on it's biggest investor and tries to silence the lawyers once they discover the truth. [VIDEO] Tony Blair scraps London book signing. Former PM cancels scheduled appearance at Waterstone's store in Piccadilly days after eggs and shoes were thrown at him in Dublin French officials unfazed as thousands rally for Roma. Tens of thousands of people have protested in cities across France against a gov't lawandorder crackdown that has targeted Roma Gypsies. An Iranian woman who was sentenced to death by stoning for adultery is now facing a new punishment of 99 lashes because a British newspaper ran a picture of an unveiled woman mistakenly identified as her. Game conservation in Africa Horns, claws and the bottom line  Northern white rhino down to last eight animals. Lions may vanish by 2020. Governments have failed to protect. Can private initiativessuch as tourism, farming, charitydo any better?  Britain's Secret Slaves Over 15,000 domestic workers leave their families to come to Britain every year. Charities claim that many are not only badly treated but that they are living as slaves [...] Huge fireball crosses Colombia Poll Half of Israeli teens don't want Arab students in their class A school in Northern Ireland was evacuated today after an 8 year old found a pipe bomb in the playground and brought it into class UK to significantly reduce the number of foreign student visas Afghan Mineral Deposits Could Completely Revolutionize Nation's System Of Corruption Two million French people to strike over Sarkozy's pensions reform The British home secretary is defending the government's handling of alleged newspaper phone hackers, accused of eavesdropping on royalty and other British nobles to publish sensational stories in the Rupert Murdochowned News of the World newspaper. Thilo Sarrazin's controversial new book on Muslims in Germany has not only generated opprobrium from the political elite, it has also generated a mass following from the population at large. The tome may be full of inaccuracies, but it has struck a nerve. The elephant in the room  Excluding Hamas from current and future PalestinianIsraeli peace negotiations is an exercise in futility.  In Baghdad, police chief explains why it's tough to enforce the rule of law Merkel says violence of Muslim youths is a problem in Germany Raj Patel Food rebellion  Mozambicans know which way the wind blows Turkey now officially part of Europe's electrical grid Afghans denounce American church's plans to burn the Islamic holy book on Sept. 11 We know this is not just the decision of a church. It is the decision of the president and the entire United States God no longer male, Scottish Episcopal Church rules IsraeliRussian defence deal Show of unity comes after strains in ties over Russian arms contracts in the Middle East. IDF document policy principle separating Gaza from West Bank Two redditors are climbing Mt. Kilimanjaro for charity and will do your bidding at the peak. Don't squander this opportunity to let your upvotes do something awesome. It is estimated it will take 3,000 years to clear Laos of all the explosive remnants left behind from United States bombers over 30 years ago. More than 20,000 people have died from unexploded ordnance since conflict ended. Fidel to Ahmadinejad 'Stop Slandering the Jews' Mossad in America | Israels intelligence agencies target the United States intensively. Among nations considered to be friendly to Washington, Israel leads all others in its active espionage directed against American companies and the Defense Department. Australian Election 17 days after poll, 2 out of 3 rural/regional independent members of parliament support a Labor minority goverment with Julia Gillard as Prime Minister  France   Plan to Raise Retirement Age Sets Off Strikes Britain's parliament, police, a Murdoch paper, and adviser to PM implicated in voicemail hacking scandal British policeman jailed for 6 months for cell attack on woman The rest of the email displays a fundemental disdain for a pluralistic America and reveals chilling levels of Islamophobia and hatemongering. Church's plans to burn Qur'an will endanger troops, US commander warns Freed Journalist Tricked Captors Into Twitter Access Manilas water crisis exposes impact of privatisation. Julys weeklong rationing of water highlighted the reality millions of people are denied the basic right to potable water and sanitation while private firms rake in profits at their expense. Weird UK police ask for help in case of slain intelligence agent Greenpeace Japan Antiwhaling Activists Found Guilty of Theft
 Captured Journalist Tricks Captors Into Revealing He is Alive Creepy Biometric IDs to Be Forced Onto India's 1.2 Billion Inhabitants. Fears about loss of privacy and government abuse abound as India gears up to biometrically identify and number its 1.2 billion inhabitants. Chinas young officers and the 1930s syndrome.
Chinas military spending is growing so fast that it has overtaken strategy, said Professor Huang Jing from the School of Public Policy. The young officers are taking control of strategy and it is like young officers in Japan in the 1930s. Mexican soldiers open fire on family's car at military checkpoint, killing father and son Death toll continues to climb in Guatemala landslides Foreign powers should stop interfering in the case of an Iranian woman who was sentenced to death by stoning, Iran's foreign ministry has said. Mexican officials Gunmen behind massacre of 72 have been killed TV anchor stabbed to death outside his Kabul home The mosque menace is not confined to Lower Manhattan. In many European countries similar alarms are sounded The Muslims are coming! French citizens barred from American military bases Dutch neoNazi donates sperm 'for whites only'  A Dutch neoNazi has offered to donate his sperm to four fertility clinics in the Netherlands in an effort to promote what he calls a strong white race... Tony Blair pelted with eggs and shoes in Dublin Tony Blair honoured with free breakfast and footwear in Dublin. Magnitude 7.4 Earthquake  South Island, New Zealand Muslims cost the state more than they contribute Thilo Sarrazin, member of the Executive Board of the Deutsche Bundesbank, and former senator of finance for the State of Berlin. Food riots erupt in Mozambique. Protests continued in Maputo, Mozambiques capital city, for a third day on Friday in response to increased bread prices and the general rise in the cost of living. At least 10 people are dead, and more than 400 have been wounded. Taliban facing 'financial crisis', general claims  Telegraph Russia's finance minister Smoke and drink more Rare earths Digging in | The Economist If youre wondering why the Arab world is not very excited about the prospects of PalestinianIsraeli negotiations, perhaps the place to look is not there, but rather in the underlying political governance and decisionmaking systems that define the Arab world.
 200 women and some baby boys gangraped by rebels near Congo U.N. base. Two more dead in fresh clash between Armenia and Azerbaijan Swedish men reveal their dream women  Iran on verge of economic calamity because of government policies Could the international marriage market be another casualty of the global recession? Internet dating sites in India report that educated women there are now less interested in meeting US men who work on (unstable) Wall Street and more interested in marrying resident civil servants.  Child grooming case mother warns it could happen to any family | Speaking after nine men are convicted of exploiting daughter, 14, parents praise police, CPS and charity for support Adam Phillips on the happiness myth  Brilliant essay on contradictions of seeking happiness. What we are lacking when we are unhappy is not always happiness, any more than what an alcoholic is lacking is a drink  Panicked Afghans nearly collapse Kabul Bank after loan scandal Game conservation in Africa Horns, claws and the bottom line  Car bomber kills 2, wounds 25 police in Tajikistan
| Reuters Wilders pulls out of Dutch coalition talks No room for sex pests at reed dance in South Africa The trend of collective punishments towards Muslims spreads to the University of California. All Muslims at UCI being punished for the actions of a few irresponsible protesters.   Israeli bid to access sensitive EU personal data resisted The new Netanyahu? Antiimmigrant German Central Bank director sacked UN Removes Saudi Arabia From Human Rights Blacklist After Just A Week, Faces Backlash  Rights groups accuse UN of flipflopping & giving into political manipulation. Journalists Are Backing Out of the Olympics Over Zika A United Nations whistleblower who was suspended for exposing the sexual abuse of children by peacekeepers has resigned over the organisations failure to hold senior officials to account. Long jump champion freezes sperm ahead of Olympics as Zika fears swirl Despite 'Moral Angst' About Inequality, World's Richest Just Keep Getting Richer 'Unless companies rein in executive salaries, pay their fair share of taxes, and invest in decent jobs the yawning gap between the haves and havenots will continue to grow' World's wealthiest people just got 5.2% wealthier | Business Denmark strips man of citizenship after terrorism conviction China Approves $15 Billion of Green Debt in Pollution Fight German and Swiss authorities have carried out raids seizing documents after learning a German private detective had investigated the MH17 air disaster. North Korea restarts plutonium production for nuclear bombs  U.S. official Saudi Arabia Threatened to Break Relations With U.N. Over Human Rights Criticism in Yemen Riyadh warned Turtle Bay it would pull hundreds of millions of dollars from U.N. programs if it was singled out for killing and maiming children in Yemen The list of the rich and powerful attending this year's Bilderberg Conference has been released  it includes bankers, prime ministers and former heads of the CIA and MI6. Israel honors Japan's Schindler who saved thousands of Jews in WWII Around 35 percent of Russians believe the government poses no threat to free speech and does not infringe on the activities of the independent media.87 percent of respondents said they never access news information from foreign sources. Kenya nationwide blackout caused by rogue monkey Migrants linked to 69,000 wouldbe or actual crimes in Germany in first three months of 2016 police Thailand eliminates mothertochild HIV transmission Erdoan's draconian new law demolishes Turkey's EU ambitions Asylum seekers' ages a guessing game for case workers  An internal report from the Migration Agency has found widespread uncertainty among staff when it comes to determining the age of refugees, who often arrive in Sweden without identification. Federal government orders Canada Post to stop delivering Toronto newspaper, calling it hate propaganda Time to make India Muslimfree Sadhvi Prachi UK bankers increased lobbying efforts in 2016, spending over $38 Million a year to influence EU lawmakers Report Israeli Air Force attacked Syrian weapons facility over weekend Russia deploys troops westward as standoff with NATO deepens building an army base near its border with Ukraine, the latest in a chain of new military sites along what the Kremlin sees as its frontline in a growing confrontation with NATO British police accused of helping to train Saudi 'torturers' | Home News | News Nestl admits slavery in Thailand while fighting child labour lawsuit in Ivory Coast The lifeless body of Yemen's top Salafi cleric in the southern port city of Aden was found disfigured on Sunday hours after he was abducted following an antiextremism sermon Earth made up of two planets after 'violent collision' with Theia 4.5 billon years ago, UCLA scientists find  UCLAled team reveals event also created the moon UK scientists get permission to genetically modify human embryos for the first time. Norway to disarm its police force after officers ordered to carry guns for just one year HSBC fights to stop moneylaundering report going public Historic day in Myanmar as Aung San Suu Kyi takes power A massive, abandoned freighter is drifting toward the French coast and will run aground in days Goldman Sachs Banker With Ties To Malaysian Scandal Goes On Leave Yazidi exslave girls subjected to traumatic virginity tests to prove ISIS abuse France, India To Jointly Explore Mars And Venus Russian Fighter Jet Came Within 15 Feet of US Air Force Plane, US Officials Say Israel,Turkey sign gas deal worth $1.3 billion British Woman who Took child to Join ISIS Jailed for 6 Years 'Mein Kampf' Banned From Publishing in Brazil ISIS executed 2,114 civilians in 19 months Hollande frees abused murderer Jacqueline Sauvage  Sauvage's husband was a violent alcoholic who, she said, had raped and beaten her and her daughters for decades Turkish police recover stolen Picasso painting in stanbul China police arrest 21 over $7.6 bln online financial scam ISIS beheads Syrian teenager on charges of apostasy More than 10,000 migrant children may have disappeared after arriving in Europe over the past two years, the EU's police intelligence unit says. Seoul criticizes Japan for sending denial of forcible recruitment 'comfort women' report to U.N. committee | The Japan Times Israeli Cabinet approves liberal Jewish prayer at holy site Historic Israeli ruling allows men and women to now pray together at section of Western Wall France welcomes Cuba's Castro in historic visit UK considering cutting all funding to schools that don't teach evolution India records 57% drop in new HIV cases Egyptians fear decades of Muslim Brotherhood rule, warn Morsi is no friend to US  World News Syrian rebel films himself shooting 10 prisoners Masked men in jackets emblazoned with the word police boarded a fishing boat Friday in Curacao and stole 70 gold bars worth an estimated $11.5 million, officials on the southern Caribbean island said. The crew said it was like a movie operation, very fast, Huggins said. Using satellite technology, much of it smuggled in from abroad, Syrian rebels and activists are still communicating online, but the government is finding ways to listen Yahoo 'ordered to pay $2.7bn' by Mexican court India's 'Love Commandos' protecting eloping couples from their relatives North Korea plans rocket launch within days North Korea Says It Will Test Another LongRange Rocket Chinese authorities have demolished the home in the middle of the road. Japanese take responsibility for tsunami debris cleanup hitting west coast Mexico More than 25,000 people disappear in six years. Unpublished official figures show cost of chaos and violence enveloping country in fight against drug gangs Australia has become the first country in the world to introduce plain packaging for cigarettes. Two Pakistanborn brothers living in Florida have 
been arrested on charges of providing support to 
terrorists and conspiring to use a weapon of mass 
destruction within the United States, authorities 
said on Friday. Russian mafia whistleblower found dead outside UK mansion
| Reuters International health officials have confirmed two more fatal cases of a mysterious respiratory virus in the Middle East. It's too early to say whether humantohuman transmission occurred or not, but we certainly can't rule it out, said WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl. Saudi cleric under fire for labelling waitresses as prostitutes Japan Airlines serves inflight KFC for the holidays   Syrian jets bomb rebels, Internet down for third day
| Reuters Backers of Egypt's President Mohammed Morsi are to hold a mass rally to support his sweeping new powers and the drafting of a constitution opponents say is too Islamist. Syria army pushes to secure Damascus perimeter As convicted terrorists face possible release, Canada faced with growing problem how do you rehabilitate them? Afghan girl beheaded after refusing mans marriage proposal | The Lookout  Yahoo! News Guatemalan Peasants Sue Canadian Mining Company Hudbay
 Germany Has Built Clean Energy Economy U.S. Rejected in 80s The Vatican has cracked down on a prominent Austrian Roman Catholic priest who has been leading a disobedience campaign to openly challenge Roman Catholic teachings on celibacy and women priests. Israel halts Palestinian tax transfer over UN bid | DAWN.COM Israel confiscates Palestinian funds | Al Akhbar English US 'shocked' by new settlement plan  Israel News, Ynetnews Israel halts Palestinian tax transfer Japan tunnel collapse traps cars  Parts of a tunnel collapsed Sunday on a highway west of Tokyo, trapping an unknown number of vehicles. After UN vote, Israel to suspend Palestinian Authority funds Turkey requests Nato missile defences amid Syria chemical weapons fears World Scientists Statement on GMO's .. I would say everyone needs to be aware of this statement  Afghanistan's displaced dread the coming winter The country has nearly half a million displaced people, many living in primitive camps where the cold weather will mean death for some. Clashes in Mexico after president sworn in. New President of Mexico The state has lost ground in important areas. Lawlessness and violence have robbed various parts of the country of peace and freedom. My government's first aim will be to bring peace to Mexico. In northern Mali, music silenced as Islamists drive out artists  The region, which was once one of the richest reservoirs of musical talent on the continent, is now an artistic wasteland. Muslim Brotherhood paying gangs to go out and rape women and beat men protesting in Egypt as thousands of demonstrators pour on to the streets Eurozone unemployment hits record high  Europe  Al Jazeera English Internet restored in Syria after threeday blackout Canada Ontario judge rules Toronto's shark fin ban invalid The Sketchy Articles of Egypts Constitution  Egypts top court says it has suspended its work indefinitely to protest pressures. The court said in a statement it cannot work in a climate filled with hatred Ach! No End in Sight for Berlin Airport Woes  Germans are famous for their efficiency & being on time. But a muchdelayed, expensive new airport in the German capital, Berlin, is rapidly destroying that reputation. Aboriginal HIV infections a growing problem in Canada  Infection rate for aboriginal people 3.6 times higher than that for other Canadians  Cars trapped in tunnel collapse outside Tokyo 
Balkans' political football keeps hooligans close to heart of power.

While ultras elsewhere have been stigmatised, violent fans in Macedonia and Serbia exercise influence as well as fear
 Internet Giants Google and Amazon Face Tax Attack Internet Hangs in Balance as World Governments Meet in Secret France and Britain Are Reportedly Considering Pulling Their Ambassadors from Israel Thousands attend antiNazi rally in Hungary to protest lawmakers call for screening of Jews Germany says it will achieve a fully balanced budget across all layers of government this year thanks to a resilient economy, low unemployment, higher tax revenues and low borrowing costs Pirate Bays artist promotion platform  the Promo Bay website, despite being perfectly legal, is being blocked by several UK Internet service providers including BT, Virgin Media Sweden summons Israeli ambassador over settlements  Israel must explain 'targeting' journalists  Japan threatens to shoot down North Korean rocket UK Home Secretary warns that those opposing plans to let police monitor all internet use are putting politics before people's lives. Europes first gayfriendly mosque sparks controversy Bread that lasts for 60 days could cut food waste At the buttocks. Thighs of a virgin. South Africa's 'inappropriate' school name translations to be examined China and the United States have held a joint military indoor war game to practice humanitarian rescue and disaster relief in case of an earthquake and consequent nuclear leaks First Sikh to guard Buckingham Palace and in turban Paraguayan peasant leader shot dead. Vidal Vega was among last surviving leaders of peasant movement whose land dispute led to president's downfall Israel Asking to Bomb Syria's Chemical Weapons  
As concern grows over Syria's stockpile of chemical weapons, a new report suggests that one country is already figuring out how it intends to bomb them out of existence. Epic weekendlong traffic jam in Russia stretched 125 miles Young Filipino Muslims and Christians are using the internet to try to end 40year conflict that has killed 120,000 people Immigration crackdown increases number of Canadians having citizenship revoked  Firms must pay their fair share of tax  this is war A report by UK MPs on the tax dodges employed by multinationals is incendiary  and ought to unite politicians to act
 British official U.K. may suspend trade agreements, recall ambassador over Israel settlement expansion US software firm hacked for years after suing China
 Emissions of Carbon Dioxide Hit Record in 2011, Researchers Say Does it really matter if Iran got the Bomb? Vietnamese children killed by mortar shell. Bomb left over from Vietnam war exploded killing four young children and injuring five other people Medicinal cannabis to be legalised in Ireland next year Man jailed for throwing homeless man's rabbit into river MI6 passed up an opportunity to kill a senior leader of alQaeda because lawyers advised them they would be breaking the law European Roma descended from Indian 'untouchables', genetic study shows  Roma gypsies in Britain and Europe are descended from dalits or low caste untouchables who migrated from the Indian subcontinent 1,400 years ago, a genetic study has suggested.  Entire Ukraine Government Resigns Indonesia continues to decrease deforestation by planting 1 billion trees in 2013 U.S. Sees Syria Prepping Chemical Weapons for Possible Attack Dutch Youth soccer referee dies after being beaten by 15/16 years old players Syrian state media say 29 students and a teacher killed after a mortar slams into a school outside Damascus 120 mile long Russian traffic jam still growing Starbucks hears they might have stop avoiding tax in the UK, slashes employee benefits to compensate Paraguay peasant leader Vidal Vega shot dead. The leader of a landless peasant movement in Paraguay involved in a land dispute with a powerful politician has been shot dead. A group of rural Guatemalans want justice for what they say are the misdeeds of a Canadian mining company. Fearing they won't get it in their own country, they've traveled to Toronto BBC News  Iran US ScanEagle drone 'captured over Gulf' Syria is mixing chemical warfare agents. China surpasses U.S. as top global trader
 German Commentators Blast Israel for Settlement Building Plan The 61 countries that could easily be unplugged from the internet Cat Fight in Rome Beloved Shelter Faces Closure  Anyone visiting Rome  has seen the many stray cats  amid the ruins.   Archaeologists have issued an eviction notice, & feline lovers from around the world are bracing for a cat fight. More than 200 women's rights groups are calling for laws to make paying for sex a crime across the European Union. Genetic link between Paleolithic population of Europe & modern Native Americans found  N European populations  including British, Scandinavians, French, & some E Europeans  descend from a mixture of 2 very different ancestral populations, one related to Native Americans. Loss of income caused by banks as bad as a 'world war', says BoE's Andrew Haldane  Proloyalist rioters overtake Belfat's City Hall after the council voted to change its policy on the Union flag.  China's 10 Toppled Myths  From leftover women to human rights, this was a year for misconceptions washing away Shocking Dutch linesman clinically dead after savage postmatch beating by teenagers North Korean prisoner born in labor camp escaped after 23 brutal years WalMart Nixed Paying Bangladesh Suppliers to Fight Fire  At a 2011 safety meeting, WalMart said paying Bangladesh suppliers more to help them upgrade their manufacturing facilities was too costly. A fire at a Bangladesh factory that made clothes for WalMart killed more than 100 last month. Scientists warn of sperm count crisis biggestever study confirms drastic decline in male reproductive health 'Men don't have to worry about being caught' Sex mobs target Egypt's women Brazil authorities arrest 61 police officers for taking bribes of druggangs Operation Purification 18thcentury French chateau bulldozed by mistake   A Russian businessman has been left devastated after builders demolished his 18thcentury French chateau among the Bordeaux vineyards, seemingly by mistake. Irate local authorities have launched an investigation.  NATO warns Syria not to use chemical weapons, NATO told Syrian President Bashar alAssad on Tuesday that any use of chemical weapons in his fight against encroaching rebel forces would be met by an immediate international response Irans Revolutionary Guards are telling the United States to recount the drones in its fleet as they insist that  despite US denials  they captured a small US unmanned spy plane over Gulf waters. Underwear Factory Fire in China Kills 14  A fire at a garment factory in Bangladeshi last week killed 110. In Sept, a similar blaze in  Pakistan killed 289 workers. Serbias ambassador to NATO was chatting and joking with colleagues in a parking garage at Brussels Airport when he suddenly strolled to a barrier, climbed over and flung himself 10 metres to the ground below.  By the time his shocked colleagues reached him, he was dead. Why Africa's lions are rapidly disappearing  

Africa's lion population has dwindled to 32,000, a nearly 70 percent decline in the past 50 years, according to a new survey  HighSpeed Traders Profit at Expense of Ordinary Investors, Government Study Finds Sperm count in France falls by 33.4% Spain's unemployment is on the rise, with youth unemployment above 50% Syrian army wears down as rebels gain territory and confidence Egyptian presidential candidate 
Mohamed ElBaradei accused of Zionist plot to overthrow the Islamistled government of Mohammed Mursi 40 Dead 60,000 Missing As Monster Typhoon Bopha Devastates The Philippines New Zealand Government Admits That Order To Suppress Illegal Spying On Kim Dotcom Only Such Order Issued In 10 Years BBC News  Serbia Nato envoy 'jumps to death in Brussels car park' James Cameron releases results from his deep dive How Australia could end the Assange stalemate All amateur football matches in the Netherlands cancelled after referee got beaten to death.  Typhoon kills at least 283 in Philippines (Crosspost from r/globalhealth) Snakes on a Plane cobra forces plane into emergency landing   Telegraph Russia said on Wednesday respect for human rights was declining in the European Union, as part of a campaign to turn the tables on the West's criticism of Moscow's rights record. Police and child advocates broke padlocks and busted down doors in a surprise raid of a sweatshop in India, to find a group of children imprisoned beeing forced to make Christmas decorations. The children, as young as 8 years old, were kept in rooms 6 ft by 6 ft and forced to work 19hour days Mexican court rules in favor of samesex marriageMexico's Supreme Court ruled that law in Oaxaca banning samesex marriages is unconstitutional, paving way for samesex couples to marry in that state & possibly in the rest of Mexico. Starbucks agree to pay 10m tax in UK after customer revolt at their not paying tax at all for two years and very little for past 14 years... A mother who beat her sevenyearold son like a dog when he failed to memorise passages of the Koran has been found guilty of his murder. S. Korea formally dumps scientific whaling plan Syria says chemical scare pretext for intervention Hometown Bans Mali Legend Ali Farka Toures' Music From His Home Town  Music is so much part of our culture.  I miss it.  Islamist fighters have taken over, introducing a strict social code Females must be covered, young men can't wear loose pants, & all music is banned.


  John McAfee arrested in Guatemala North America Is Region Least Likely To Suffer From Terror Attack, Researchers Say Egypt deploys tanks outside Morsi palace  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Russia West is exaggerating Syria's chemical weapons threat Map The most and leastcorrupt countries in the world Egyptian Islamists 'We've Won Elections, Now Democracy Isn't Good Enough?' | PRI's The World Dogs learning to Drive in New Zealand China told Vietnam on Thursday to stop unilateral oil exploration in disputed areas of the South China Sea and not harass Chinese fishing boats, raising tension in protracted maritime territorial disputes with its neighbors. Weapons sent to Libyan rebels with U.S. approval fell into Islamist hands '[U.S.] secretly gave its blessing to arms shipments to Libyan rebels from Qatar last year, but American officials later grew alarmed as evidence grew that Qatar was turning some of the weapons over to Islamic militants' India suspended from Olympics US, Russia set for surprise Syria meeting Sweden Recognises Massacre of Kurds at Anfal as Genocide Typhoon in Philippines kills 350, 400+ Missing Syrian Rebels When We Finish With Assad, We Will Fight the U.S. BBC News  More Afghan women are reporting sexual abuse India and Vietnam face off with China in disputed waters Toxic cloud Mass evacuation in Buenos Aires after chemical container explodes China's Communists Declare War ... On Boring Meetings U.N. summit votes to support Internet eavesdropping. Uses censorship, identifying BitTorrent and MP3 transfers Earthquake M7.3   293km SE of Kamaishi, Japan. Tsunami alert. Kate Middleton's Receptionist Found Dead In London Days After Being Duped By Prank Callers Google Drones Launch In Africa to monitor and prevent poaching 7.3 magnitude earthquake off Japan's eastern coast, tsunami warning issued North Korea in financial trouble after blowing $100 million on tributes to dead leader Kim Jongil China to flatten 700 mountains for new metropolis in the desert Canada Destroys Legislation to Protect its Natural Lakes and Rivers. 2.5 million down to 82.  Dotcom gets goahead for spy lawsuit  A ruling in the High Court of New Zealand means that the country's security service will have to reveal details of its spying on Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom & his associates. British PM backs gay marriage. Volvo aims for 'nodeath' new cars by 2020 Stunned that reporters were able to visit her, detained China Nobel wife  trembled uncontrollably and cried Thursday as she described how absurd and emotionally draining her confinement under house arrest has been in the two years since her jailed activist husband was named a Nobel Peace laureate. Canada cancels F35 procurement Egyptian immigrant Waleed Taleb says demanding his unpaid wages in Greece came at a heavy price; 18 hours chained and beaten by his boss, a stint in jail and orders to leave the country he calls home. Another large quake has occurred off the coast of northeast Japan in the same general area as 3/11; moderately heavy shaking in Tohoku Human rights group Israel violated laws of war in fatal house bombing in Gaza conflict 'Zero hour' Syrian rebels prepare to mount Damascus attack   Telegraph Russian anchorman shot dead  Muslim women are removing their hijabs to improve job prospects Drone in Iran Appears to Be U.S.Made, Pentagon Says US, NATO behind 'insecurity' in Afghanistan, Karzai says Japan Gets Hit with 7.3 Magnitude Earthquake China's Foreign Ministry lambasted the United States on Friday for disgusting comments by a U.S. official on the human rights situation in Tibet, saying it had prompted them to file a formal diplomatic complaint with Washington. Royal prank call nurse found dead in suspected suicide 12 To 17YearOlds Are Smoking Less A man in India is living in exile after being charged with blasphemy for debunking a weeping Jesus that was cause by a leaking sewer pipe. In all there are now 17 Amercian warships off the Syrian coast. Bomb attack on chairman of German parliamentary committee investigating neonazi terror shortly after decision to ban rightwing extremist party NPD Norwegian protesters say EU Nobel Peace Prize win devalues award  

More than 50 organizations plan to march in Oslo on Sunday to protest of the Nobel Committee's award of the 2012 Peace Prize to the EU at a time of debt crisis. Guardian interviews Julian Assange about reports of illness, paranoia, and whether he'll ever leave the embassy  Over the last 20 years, the climate scientists have consistently underestimated the progress and impact of global warming. BitcoinCentral has won the right to operate as a bank thanks to a deal with French financial firms Aqoba and Credit Mutuel. The change in status makes it easier to use bitcoins and bestows national protections on balances held at the exchange. Japan poised to shoot down North Korean missile In Egypt the elite may have changed, but the revolution continues as Egyptians no longer willing to accept old rules Philippines declares state of calamity Former Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi confirms he will run for prime minister again next year France funding Syrian rebels in new push to oust Assad Natural cure Scientists create stem cell contact lens that fixes eyesight 'Israel didn't take German warnings seriously' Canada approved China's biggest overseas energy acquisition, a $15.1 billion takeover by stateowned CNOOC of Canadian oil and gas producer Nexen, but vowed Friday to reject any future foreign takeovers in the oil sands sector by state owned companies. Clinton Situation in Syria is 'accelerating'  CNN.com Slideshow Syria in ruins 

Egyptian Protesters Break Through Barrier at Presidential Palace
 Meet operative PP0277 A secret agent  or just a vulture hungry for dead camel? Sudan says he's an Israeli operative  but his handlers say he's too easily distracted for that Egyptian Opposition Protesters Break Through Army Barricade to Presidential Palace Pakistan tribal sources say U.S. drone strike kills al Qaeda commander. 'Abu Zaid was killed, along with 10 other people, in the drone strike on a hideout in Pakistan's North Waziristan' Shanghai's Deadly Pollution Remedy Six British men who took part in a complex plot to steal gold and silver in Belgium are jailed In photos 200,000 protesters return to Tahrir Square, painting Go away, Morsi on streets and brandishing a cross alongside a Qur'an in opposition of the increasingly extremist leader. Philippines Declares State of Calamity as deadly typhoon Bopha turns back for 2nd Hit. 500 Lay Dead So Far Russias AntiMormon Campaign  

An influential young proKremlin politician is trying to get the Latterday Saints banned from the country Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy has canceled a decree that had allowed him to run the country unchecked.  HospitalAcquired Infection Rates in Greece, Already Among Worst in Europe, to Rise Due to Shortages  . We run out of surgical gloves, syringes, vials for blood samples & needles. Everything here is collapsing the health system, the educational system. Monsanto's Suicide Economy Nearly 300,000 Indian farmers have committed suicide since 1995 after being driven into insurmountable debt by neoliberal economics and the conquest of Indian farmland by Monsanto's Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt) cotton.  The two Australian radio hosts behind the prank call to the Duchess of Cambridges hospital are fragile and receiving intensive counselling amid global outrage over their tragic stunt.  Hugo Chavez announces his cancer has returned, talks about a successor After three months in solitary confinement in Pirate Bay cofounder Gottfrid Svartholm will be released from custody by Swedish Authorities Myths About Homosexuality Fuel Uganda's 'Kill the Gays' Bill. This week, as we are waiting for the Ugandan parliament to debate whether or not homosexuality should be punishable by death, it might be helpful to review what could make anyone reach such a murderous conclusion. Treat addicts, don't lock them up MPs pave way to legalise drugs as they admit prison sentences are failing to deter offe 90 percent of Indians are idiots Justice Markandey Katju Experts skeptical Syria is preparing to use its chemical arsenal Taiwan Wants Apology From Japan Over Sex Slaves President  urges Japan to apologize for using sex slaves from across Asia during WWII.  Historical mistakes can be forgiven, but the lessons of history should not be forgotten.

 Mo Yan, the winner of this years Nobel prize for literature, defends censorship as something as necessary as airport security checks The REAL Toy Story Chinese factory workers forced to sleep among piles of doll parts as they churn out Christmas presents Scarred burns victim models for UK fashion retailer An internal report for the US Congress has concluded that Iran probably is no longer on track, if it ever was, to having an oceancrossing missile as soon as 2015. Nelson Mandela 'proven' to be a member of the Communist Party after decades of denial   Telegraph 37yearold mom fights to block radiotherapy for cancerstricken son, fears it will lower his IQ (xpost /r/NewsOfTheWeird) Syrian Rebels Tied to Al Qaeda Play Key Role in War Syrian rebels elect Islamistdominated unified command UN forum extends Kyoto Protocol to 2020. 'Pants' skyscraper? China reacts against latest tall building Egyptian President Morsi 'annuls' powers decree, intends on going ahead with draft constitution Canadas witch trials Fake sorcerers and sham psychics abound despite 100yearold law that outlawed them Mario Monti to quit as Italian PM amid waning support for austerity policies 
Prime minister announces decision hours after former leader Silvio Berlusconi confirms he will seek office again
 b'I am from Honduras It was NOT a COUP!' Israel Privately run checkpoint stops Palestinians with 'too much food'  b'Israel tries to pull one on Obama Plans to build 1,450 houses in settlement as compensation for evacuating 50 houses.' b'India to repeal 150 year old law against homosexuality' b'They are still crying Allah akbar in Tehran every night. There were more clashes on the street yesterday after police beat an elderly woman. This crisis is far from over.' b'Honduran coup not a coup at all.  Any President who proposes to change their constitution to allow for another term will immediately cease carrying out their positions.' b'Red Cross Israel trapping 1.5m Gazans in despair' b'US Air Force Test Fires ICBM Off California Coast  Possible Warning To North Korea ' b'Bernard Madoff has been given a prison sentence of 150 years for masterminding a massive fraud that robbed investors of $65bn (40bn).' b'Chavez threatens to invade as Honduran army stages coup' The military coup that took place in Honduras this morning (Sunday, June 28), was led by School of the Americas graduate Romeo Vasquez.  Obama's statement fell short of calling for the reinstatement of Zelaya as the legitimate president.  Do you still think the CIA was not involved? b'Red Cross Six months after Israel launched its threeweek attack on Gaza, Gazans still cannot rebuild their lives' b'Israel approves 50 settler homes on the West Bank' b'Bolivia Condemns Honduran Coup' Honduras' Opinion Poll on changing the constitution exposes the timing and the motive for the coup. b'Iran Council confirms Ahmadinejad election victory' b'Drugresistant swine flu seen in Danish patient ' b'New Honduran president sworn in' b'Afghan leader U.S. guards killed police chief' Ahmadinejad Neda's death is 'suspicious' b'A provincial police chief and at least six other police have been killed in a clash with UStrained Afghan guards in Kandahar' b'Fireworks in Baghdad as U.S. troops leave msnbc.com' b'Israel plans threemonth settlement freeze  reports' b'NASA finds missing Moon landing tapes.' b'A former civil servant who wrote an internet blog imagining the kidnap and murder of the pop group Girls Aloud has been cleared of obscenity.' 'People are being slaughtered like sheep' Gunmen in plainclothes are randomly shooting people in the streets of the besieged Syrian city of Hama and families are burying their loved ones in gardens at home for fear of being killed themselves if they venture out to cemeteries, a resident says. Ethiopia 'using aid as weapon of oppression'. Villages who voted for the opposition are starving near wellfed communities BBC News  Wall Street and global markets tumble on debt fears Syria has killed over 2,000 demonstrators during the Arab Spring Based on Portuguese example, Britains Liberal Democrats want inquiry into decriminalising drug possession Philippine President meets with MILF separatists Internet Evolution  
The War on Web Anonymity   Iranian youths arrested for public water pistol fight in Tehran, due to government fears of mixedgender play and the effective use of social media New Zealand bans sale of 43 legal weed products designed to mimic marijuana high Riot police in the Chilean capital, Santiago, are 
using tear gas and water cannon to break up 
demonstrations by students demanding educational 
reform. Another British Journalist Admits to Phone Hacking  This Time at the Guardian   Chile student protests against Right Wing government explode into violence Sex strike works in Colombia, authorities bow to demands  Gadhaffi's retreating forces leave landmines Syria demonstrators rally despite crackdown Friday protests across the nation, a day after Assad announces political concessions and US says he has lost legitimacy. Officials in China Seized Infants for Black Market, Parents Say Fjordman (the Norwegian counterjihad blogger who inspired Breivik) reveals identity 26 police officers resign in northern Mexico town
 China's Manhattan KnockOff  On a peninsula southeast of Beijing, developer Vincent Lee literally wants to build a copy of New York City 

Niger Delta left with $1bn oil pollution cleanup bill  

Damage worse than thought, says UN NATO Airstrike Kills Gadhafi's Son Libyan rebels claim Gaddafi son killed Rebel spokesman says Libyan army commander Khamis Gaddafi killed in NATO airstrike on Zlitan, a claim government denies. Has Turkey taken an authoritarian turn? Some say Turkey's civilian government has conspired to discredit the military and consolidate power. EFF Mexican Newspaper Uncovers Systemic Monitoring Plans of Public Online Sources Yingluck Shinawatra Voted In As Thailand's First Female Prime Minister  Five Men in India Have Been Convicted for the Gang Rape of a Danish Tourist A biologist has accidentally discovered that electric eels can make leaping attacks that dramatically increase the strength of the electric shocks they deliver and, in so doing, has confirmed a 200yearold observation by famous 19th century explorer and naturalist Alexander von Humboldt. US returns over 200 artifacts worth more than $100 million to India ; Included in the collection is a bronze sculpture of the Hindu god Ganesh estimated to be 1,000yearold Ramadan The Chinese government has banned civil servants, students and children from taking part in fasting. For The First Time In India, Male Students Can Now File Sexual Harassment Complaints Against Women, Men And Transgenders Earliest evidence of controlled fire making in Europe found  Charred bone, heatrippled stone in Spanish cave date back 800,000 yrs. Cave has 2,300 heated or charred bones. Fossils of extinct animals also found with the tools. Some argue the the tools are some 600,000 yrs old. India's space agency (ISRO) creates biggest ever space coalition, over 60 space agencies involved including NASA, to establish an international system to centralise data to fight climate change. Explosion rocks Istanbul district near bus stop 30 Fukushima kids diagnosed with thyroid cancer in second check, upping total to 131 but radiation 'unlikely' cause Hindu priest shot, hacked to death in Bangladesh Israeli cabinet set to vote on decriminalizing cannabis within a week 'Alarming' rise in ransomware tracked Doctorassisted dying about to become legal in Canada Recall of Monsanto's Roundup likely as EU refuses limited use of glyphosate Stephen Hawkings finally published a solution to the black hole information paradox NATO allies launch largest Military exercise since end of Cold war in clear message to Russia Hagia Sophia Protests over Ramadan prayers held at Turkey's historic cathedral Christian fundamentalist schools teaching girls they must obey men, that homosexuality is unnatural and favouring Creationism over evolution  BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Israel finds artifacts hidden in Norwegian diplomatic car Openair toilet Police clear out migrant shantytown in Paris after locals complaints XRays Reveal Hidden Library on the Spines of Early Books  The words of the 8thcentury St Bede are among those being found by detecting iron, copper & zinc, contents of medieval ink, without damaging the printed books. Free WiFi coming all over Ho Chi Minh city Documents reveal feds' effort to discredit Snowden, reveal CIA ties UN asks governments for 2050 plans to phase out coal, oil and gas Zimbabwe Thousands March Against Mugabe 101 year old man pulled out of rubble alive one week after Nepal earthquake. Kim Dotcom Awarded Millions For Legal Bills and Living Expenses Dead Zones Without Marine Life Found in the Atlantic Ocean for the First Time Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu does not now and has never sincerely believed in a twostate solution for Israel and Palestine., former US president Jimmy Carter has said Chinese authorities installed 26 meter guard rails in front of Beijing Botanical Gardens to prevent people cutting the line, as part of government's effort to teach Chinese tourists good manners Ebola Survivors Should Use Condoms Indefinitely, CDC Says Fury as Boris Johnson BANS bagpipes from streets of London Venezuela announces 30% increase in minimum wage Lord Janner was director of his firm 3 weeks ago despite dementia, as dossier alleges police chief allowed peer to molest young boys Philip Morris International Uses Copyright Claims To Quiet Marlboro Critics Global Jewish immigration to Israel jumps 40% this year Saudi Arabia used U.S.supplied cluster bombs in Yemen Australia condemns killing of dolphins & seals by factory fishing trawler  Environment minister Greg Hunt says deaths of 8 dolphins & 4 seals are unacceptable & outrageous as ship returns to port Ukraine Attacks Donetsk Peoples Republic With Tanks, Grenade Launchers Italy 3700 Migrants Rescued From Mediterranean in 1 Day Police in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, have ordered residents and visitors to remain in their homes and hotels as reports of violence and roadblocks in Jalisco and Colima continue, US Consulate in Guadalajara warns  Antisatellite race heats up with China, Russia Concerns have grown in the aftermath of Chinese antisatellite tests, most recently in July 2014, that demonstrated the capability to destroy military communications satellites, perhaps even those in geostationary orbits. The Islamic State Is Selling Enslaved Yazidis Back to Their Families. Turkish police 'thank' shopkeepers for beating May Day activists United States to allocate $200 million to provide training and weapons to Ukrainian army. Dozens of graves found in Thailand jungle Professor of physics named new leader of ISIS Venezuela to nationalize food distribution China detains 10 people for spreading online rumours 'damaging image of military' Attack on May Day demonstration in Weimar, Germany results in 15 people injured including city's mayor and a member of German parliament Snowden, Assange and Manning statues unveiled in Berlin Ecuador May Decriminalize All Illegal Drug Use 5.1magnitude quake hits Nepal again. ISIS militants execute 600 Yezidi hostages in northern Iraq Assange More leaks to come WikiLeaks is planning new releases of secret documents on controversial negotiations and intelligence agency operations Nepal earthquake death toll exceeds 7,000 Boeing 787 Dreamliners contain a potentially catastrophic software bug  cause pilots to lose control of the aircraft, possibly in midflight...a signed 32bit integer overflow that is triggered after 2^31 centiseconds (248.55 days) of continuous operation Pilots brace for 5day solarpowered flight from China to Hawaii.  do it ... without a drop of fuel. The Pirate Party the biggest in Iceland by far Millions of Dollars in Ivory Sold on Craigslist  From kitschy trinkets to carved tusks, thousands of objects  possibly worth more than $15 million a year  are being sold on Craigslist in the US, according to report. Liberian woman appears to have contracted Ebola through sex with survivor The electric car company Tesla has announced its entry into the energy market, unveiling a suite of lowcost solar batteries for homes, businesses and utilities, the missing piece, it said, in the transition to a sustainable energy world. USled airstrikes 'kill 52 civilians in northern Syria' Mars astronauts risk brain damage from cosmic rays, say scientists Boko Haram Nigerian army 'frees another 234 women and children' Berlin Deleted '12,000 NSA Spying Requests' Report Top Iranian general America was behind 9/11 attacks. The commander of Irans ground forces said that American officials planned and executed the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, to justify military intervention in the region. Populations of some of the world's largest wild animals are dwindling, raising the threat of an empty landscape Dozens tried for mob killing of Afghan woman that sparked outcry U.S. Ambassador to Turkey Says, Were All Blonde  The US ambassador to Turkey went blond this week in a post on Instagram that poked fun at the mayor of Ankara, Turkeys capital, who had made sexist remarks about an American government spokeswoman on Twitter, calling her a stupid blonde. Church Of England Divests From Coal And Tar Sands, Citing Moral Responsibility The Sinai's largest bedouin tribe 'declares war' on ISISaffiliated militants in Egypt Nepal government criticised for blocking earthquake aid to remote areas  Finance secretary denies material is subject to import duties, as police stop private aid trucks & state orders all overseas money to be paid into its fund Banks and pension funds continue to bankroll deforestation and land grabs Turkey will begin to train and equip Syrian rebels on May 9 Turkish Foreign Minister New Test Suggests NASA's Impossible EM Drive Will Work In Space  The EM appears to violate conventional physics and the law of conservation of momentum; the engine converts electric power to thrust without the need for any propellant by bouncing microwaves within a closed container. China announces plan to sevenfold increase Antarctic krill catches.  may leave Antarcticas whales, seals and penguins struggling to survive. 10YearOld Girl Raped by Stepfather Is Refused an Abortion in Paraguay North Korean diplomats storm out of UN rights meeting after shouting that Americans muder 'innocent black people' U.S. Navy warships will now accompany every U.S.flagged commercial vessel that passes through the Strait of Hormuz due to concerns that ships from Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps navy could try to seize a U.S. cargo ship. Its Official Rubella Has Been Eradicated From the Americas  Health officials confirm that rubella no longer originates in North or South America Schools in Japan to let transgender students use whichever locker room they prefer | The Japan Times Traumatically brainwashed Boko Haram captives open fire at rescuers M7.1 earthquake in Papua New Guinea Four Amazonian tribes have joined forces to oppose the construction of some of the 250 planned hydroelectric dams in their territory as the Brazilian government ramps up efforts to exploit the power of rivers in the worlds biggest forest Coffee catastrophe beckons as climate change threatens arabica plant  Study warns that rising temperatures pose serious threat to global coffee market, potentially affecting livelihoods of small farmers & pushing up prices Today the Constitutional Court of the Slovak Republic proclaimed the mass surveillance of citizens as unconstitutional Most Countries Have No Plans For When Antibiotics Stop Working  World Health Organization sounds the alarm on one of the biggest threats to the future of global health NASAs Messenger spacecraft crashes into Mercury Saudi Arabia Is Burning Through Its Foreign Reserves at a Record Pace Biggest antigovernment protest in Maldivian history happening today. Pakistan must allow Afghanistan direct access to India or we will Block thier access to Central Asia Ghani CIABacked Rebels Fight Alongside alQaeda Wing in Syria Canada's Leader, Stephen Harper, will NOT be acting on Climate Change in his upcoming election platform. UN report Iran arming Houthis since 2009 Airbus to file complaint in Germany over alleged NSA spying The leader of the Islamic State (Isis), Abu Bakr alBaghdadi remains incapacitated due to suspected spinal damage and is being treated by two doctors who travel to his hideout from the groups stronghold of Mosul, the Guardian has learned. Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says it's time to move on from the 'Bali 9' executions, less than a week after they took place. Hundreds of students seek refuge outside U.S. embassy in Burundi In Iran, Fatal Porsche Crash Unleashes MiddleClass Anger at Elites Nearly 60% of Qatar population live in 'labour camps' UK pedophile Richard Huckle given 22 life sentences for serial sex abuse in Malaysia Neo Nazi who planned to kill Muslims and Jews in Euro 2016 terror attacks arrested by Special Forces, had massive arsenal of explosives and rifles Death threats sent to German MPs amid Erdogan anger at Armenia genocide vote  Turkish president says MPs who backed motion to recognise slaughter of 1.5 million Armenians are 'terrorists' with 'impure blood' Erdogan A woman who rejects motherhood is deficient andincomplete, urging women to haveat least three children Arctic sea ice to disappear for first time in 100,000 years U.S. Navy bans 18,600 sailors from drinking in Japan. ISIS publicly burns alive 19 Kurdish women for rejecting sex slavery ISIS extremists burn 19 Yezidi girls to death in Mosul They were punished for refusing to have sex with ISIS militants. Hours before the Federal Reserve Bank of New York approved four fraudulent requests to send $81 million from a Bangladesh Bank account to cyber thieves, the Fed branch blocked those same requests because they lacked information required to transfer money China restricts Ramadan fasting in Muslim region Govt websites Scientists grow human organs for transplant inside pigs In Honduras, a kidnapped gay rights activist has been found dead Stonehenge was dismantled in Wales and moved to Wiltshire, scientists claim | The Welsh connection isnt just about stones its likely to be a long term movement from west to east at this particular time, says archaelogist Mike Parker Pearson UK | Christian fundamentalist schools are teaching girls they must obey men. Former pupils reveal that homosexuality is being taught as unnatural, while Creationism is favoured over evolution in science lessons. Critically endangered Rhino who was given the royal seal of approval before being released back into the wild in Africa from UK has given birth to a healthy baby calf. Jaguar Land Rover sues Chinese automobile company for copying Evoque Anxiety disorders 'need more research', says global study Panama Papers Show How Rich United States Clients Hid Millions Abroad Brexit Won't end european project European parliament ViceChief Taiwan says won't recognize Chinese air defense zone over South China Sea South China Sea dispute China is trading aid for support for claims Five Jordanian officers killed in attack at Baqaa camp near Amman Bangladesh Minister suggests Israeli behind spate of killings of secular bloggers and minorities in Bangladesh German rightwing leader blasts 'dictator' Merkel A German rightwing populist politician has attacked Chancellor Angela Merkel as a dictator who is trying to replace the German people with migrants, a Sunday newspaper reported. Someone stole $1 billion from Moldova. That's an eighth of its GDP Egypt to Rebuild the Lighthouse of Alexandria, One of the Seven Ancient World Wonders NASA's Radar Found 4 Men Trapped in Rubble in Nepal By Their Heartbeats North Korea We don't have political prison camps, because we have no political division. The discovery of a silver ring with an Arabic inscription in a Viking grave has added credence to the ancient accounts of Arab travellers in their encounters with the Vikings, and points to a fascinating trade and cultural exchange. Irans Capital Tehran swaps 'death to America' billboards for Picasso and Matisse United Kingdom Election 2015 Millions begin casting their votes Saudi Arabia Beheads Five Foreigners, Hangs their Corpses from Helicopter Canadian government passes new anti terror bill amidst much skepticism Dolphins hunted to pay for brides  If you want a bride in a few Solomon Island villages, you need to pay with necklaces of dolphins teeth. And the price has shot up alarmingly since 2004, from $0.14 per tooth to $0.68as has the number of dolphins slaughtered for this purpose, scientists report Selfie attempt by tourist shatters priceless sculpture in Italy Over 50 Thai police punished over links to human trafficking. Spy law passes in Canada Australia's supermarkets and farms engaging in labour exploitation; slavelike conditions found. Child pornography bust spanning 17 countries leads to 41 arrests Chinese tourist who sat on revolutionary statue becomes first person on country's National List of Uncivilized Tourist Behavior and will remain blacklisted for 10 years Four arrested in Germany for terror plot against Muslims Three men and a woman held for possession of explosives and for planning attacks on mosques and leading Muslim figures World headed for an El Nino and it could be a big one, scientists say Global carbon dioxide levels break 400ppm milestone 4,400yearold statue of Egyptian pharaoh unearthed south of Luxor Ivory Coast has banned skinwhitening creams, which are widely used in west Africa, because of fears they cause lasting damage to health Turkey officials confirm pact with Saudi Arabia to help Islamist Insurgents overthrow Syria's Bashar al Assad Denmark moves closer to a cashless society The Danish government on Wednesday proposed getting rid of the obligation for selected retailers to accept payment in cash, moving the country closer to a cashless economy. Japanese zoo apologises for naming its new monkey Charlotte after the new royal princess Russia's new hightech Armata tank just broke down in the middle of a rehearsal parade U.S. government has authorized commercial ferry service to Cuba France just passed its own Patriot Act, and civil rights groups arent happy  in the wake of the deadly Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris, France has passed its own version of the Patriot Act, which could give a French government intelligence agency NSAlike powers in the country WHO report 74% of men and 64% of women in UK to be overweight by 2030 After forty years of the Progressive Conservatives running the Canadian province of Alberta, a new party has been elected. Macedonian protesters demand resignation of cabinet, because of longrunning wiretapping scandal, that includes covering up a murder of a 22y old. NASA will pay $US5000 for your best ideas on what you'd need to survive on Mars Police stop peaceful protest in Macedonia against brutality with brutality Germanwings copilot practised crash on another flight  report | World news If Russia does not apply the Minsk ceasefire deals in full and return Crimea to Ukraine, the EU should step up sanctions and consider the possibility of providing Ukraine with defensive arms, say Foreign Affairs Committee MEPs in a resolution voted on Monday. After 17 years of fruitlessly searching the galaxy, Australian scientists have discovered the source of mysterious radio signals hitting a telescope Mars Exploration Rovers Update Opportunity logs sol 4000  This rover was sent on a 90day expedition, with the mission success mobility objective of driving 600 meters. In March, Opportunity completed 42.195 kilometers or 26.2 miles Nauru, one of the world's smallest countries, has banned Facebook Astronomers have discovered a baby blue galaxy that is farther away in distance and time than any galaxy ever seen. It's among the universe's first generation of galaxies, from 13.1 billion years ago. There was less ice in the Arctic this winter than in any other winter during the satellite era, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration scientists said on Tuesday. Dubai Police officers to start wearing cameras Another Mexican Journalist Found Dead With Signs of Torture F*** the king demonstrator taken to court for insulting the Dutch monarch Saudi Arabia beheads 79th convict this year Oil tops $60 a barrel for first time in 2015 EU to investigate claims McDonald's avoided $1bn in tax A new blood test for ovarian cancer proved to be 86% accurate Cambodias prime minister is refusing to pay a $5,000 bet he made on the Pacquiao fight NSA Converting Phone Conversations into Searchable Text | Leaked documents reveal how the security agency converts speech into text as part of its Big Data collection program. US Places Bounties on Heads of Key IS leaders; Rewards for highvalue IS targets up to $7 million Saudi oil chief No one can set the price of oil  its up to Allah. Qatar detained German reporters investigating FIFA World Cup | Journalists from Germanys biggest television networks were reportedly detained, questioned and not allowed to leave Qatar for days while working on a story about FIFA President & Dohas vexed nomination for the 2022 football World Cup. 7.4 quake hits near Papua New Guinea, tsunami warning issued Canada's Trudeau vows to cut middleclass taxes, hike taxes on rich TransCanada Keystone 1 Pipeline Suffered Major Corrosion Only 2 Yrs in Operation  The cause of the corrosion is being kept from the public by federal regulators & TransCanada. Canada poised to pass antiterror legislation despite widespread outrage $21m cocaine stash found in Aldi bananas IS claims responsibility for US Prophet cartoon attack Prime Minister of Singapore shares his C++ code for Sudoku solver Facebook's Internet.org violates net neutrality, activists say Philippines' Most Wanted Terrorist Killed by Bodyguard for $1 Million Bounty The lower house of Frances Parliament overwhelmingly approved a sweeping intelligence bill that, if it wins in the upper house, would give the government broad surveillance powers with little judicial oversight. Fertilizer, Also Suited for Bombs, Flows to ISIS Territory From Turkey China is using Shanghai as a testing ground for new rules which ban the families of government officials from running a business, investing in a nonlisted company or working for a foreign firm. The new rules are part of President Xi Jinping's wideranging anticorruption campaign South African universities join academic boycott of Israel Boko Haram stoned captive girls to death as rescuers approached UN calls for suspension of TTIP talks over fears of human rights abuses The world needs to triple its investments in clean energy innovation if were to have a chance of keeping the world below 2 degrees Celsius of warming above preindustrial levels  a level beyond which truly dangerous climate change might set in. UN More than 200 young women rescued from Boko Haram are pregnant Sexting could see teenagers branded as sex offenders U.S. warships accompany British commercial vessels in Strait of Hormuz Pentagon Jewish students to protest violence by speaking Arabic on Jerusalem tram Jihadists destroy proposed world heritage site in Mali China overtakes Mexico as top sender of immigrants to United States ISIS in Gaza Says Hamas Worse Than Jewish Occupiers as Tensions Between Groups Rise Netanyahu Israel will fight racism  Ethiopian Israelis are Israelis in every way