 Saudi Arabia elects up to 17 female councillors in historic election Drug giant Reckitt Benckiser ordered to pull painkillers off Australian shelves after admitting products for specific types of pain were identical  but sold at double the price of its standard painkiller Maltese ships owned by Turkish presidents son being implicated in ISIS oil trade Fracking no longer viable, says UK government advisor Deadly bomb rips through Pakistan market killing at least 20 people and wounding 40 others Denmark passes law to seize jewelry from refugees to cover expenses Merkel wants to 'drastically reduce' refugee arrivals in Germany French far right Front Nationale 'routed' in key vote The September stampede during the hajj in Saudi Arabia killed at least 2,411 pilgrims, a new Associated Press count shows, three times the number of deaths acknowledged by the kingdom three months later. Car ramming attack in central Jerusalem. 4 people injured. 725,000 People Evacuated as Typhoon Slams Into Philippines Gaza rocket lands in Israel Tokyos drone squad will deploy 10foot drones armed with nets to police the sky Squad will patrol noflyzones and order unlawful operators to land their drones Turkish troops start to leave Iraqi camp after Baghdad orders them out President Yahya Jammeh has declared The Gambia an Islamic state Turkey says its patience with Russia 'has a limit' A judge in Mexico City has sentenced two men to 520 years in prison for the kidnap and murder of 13 young people at a bar in the city two years ago. Crude falls below $35 per barrel for first time since 2009 Websites 'Stirring up Social Strife' to be Blocked Within 5 Days in Russia About 30 dead after Argentinian border staff's bus crashes into ravine France's National Front shut out of regional elections Rare Forest Elephants Seen for the First Time in South Sudan  A recent camera trap survey also spied a wealth of other species thriving in remote forests despite the young country's civil unrest AP Global supermarkets selling shrimp peeled by slaves Thousands (35000 estimated) march in support of Poland's new government. Many women in Stem fields expect to quit within five years, survey finds. Just miles from the US border, Lexmark fires 90 longterm employees who asked for their pay to be increased by 6 pesos to 120 pesos ($7) a day. IS Has Lost 40% Of Its Iraqi Territory French teacher invented school attack Putin signs law allowing Russia to overturn rulings of international rights courts Pope refuses to wear bullet proof vest for Christmas speech amid ISIS threat... Burundi Help us, the world needs to know that a genocide is underway Germany arrests Islamist preacher on charges of recruiting militants. Decline in over 3/4 of UK butterfly species is 'final warning', says Chris Packham  Conservationist calls for urgent research into disappearance of British butterflies after survey reveals dramatic declines in common species over last 40 yrs An increasing number of asylum seekers from Afghanistan, Iraq and Kosovo are returning to their countries, saying that they had expected better care and a shorter asylum process in Austria. Never Mind $35, The World's Cheapest Oil Is Already Close to $20 The FBI has arrested a Maryland man who they say received about $9,000 from IS to carry out an attack in the US | Mohamed Elshinawy, 30, is being held on a number of charges. Egypt must immediately release a 14yearold boy who says he was sexually abused in detention by police using a wooden stick and bring his alleged torturers to justice, Amnesty International said. Romanian lawmakers vote to ban medicine ads to stop selfdiagnosis 29yearold arrested and two are held over January Charlie Hebdo massacre Shrimp sold by global supermarkets is peeled by slave labourers in Thailand NZ confirms Silver Fern as flag referendum candidate Teacher who allegedly made up ISIS knife attack in Paris 'could face prosecution' Two unpublished investigations show that the United States has consistently overlooked killings and torture by Iraqi governmentsponsored Shi'ite militias. Saudi Arabia forms coalition of 34 Islamic countries to fight terrorism China and Israel boost science research ties The joint research will be conducted in the fields of brain sciences, nanotechnology, 3D printing, biomedicine, renewable energy, computer sciences, the aging of the population, smart cities and more UK Astronaut Tim Peake begins his landmark flight to the ISS U.S. tech firms that don't adequately warn users in Europe how their information is going to be used could face fines in the billions of dollars under a new European privacy protection directive expected to be agreed upon on Tuesday. There is no Nazi gold train, Polish scientists say Scientists reject claim by amateur treasure hunters that a train laden with gold, jewels, weapons and stolen art is hidden in railway embankment. Le Pen acquitted of inciting hatred Maternal exposure to antidepressant SSRIs linked to autism in children Donald Trump loses Scottish windfarm appeal North Korea sentences Canadian pastor to hard labor for life Brazil downgraded to junk status by 2nd risk agency, with negative outlook for further downgrades. No 'regime change' in Syria After talks in Moscow, Kerry accepts Russian stance on Assad A moderate Muslim group says that a Singapores Penal Code section, which covers actions done with deliberate intent to wound the religious or racial feelings of any person, curbs freedoms in Singapore and contradicts with secularism. Members of Qatari Ruling Family Kidnapped in Iraq While Hunting Report Arctic temperatures hit record high November was Earths warmest such month on record by a huge margin  1.05 degrees Celsius, or about 1.9 degrees Fahrenheit, warmer than the 1951 to 1980 average. Its also the second month in a row that Earths temperature exceeded 1 degree Celsius above average. Taliban Join Global Effort to Kill Off Polio in 2016 Hamas political leader Stabbers are 'the most exalted, noblest of people' Iran seizes more than 40,000 cars over womens veil offenses Iran violated a U.N. Security Council resolution in October by testfiring a missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead, a team of sanctions monitors said, leading to calls in the U.S. Congress on Tuesday for more sanctions on Tehran. After the Syrian Kurds failed to receive an invitation to the Syrian opposition conference in Riyadh, Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister has stated that Russia is against excluding the Kurds from the Syrian peace negotiations Two teams of physicists working independently at the Large Hadron Collider at CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, reported on Tuesday that they had seen traces of what could be a new fundamental particle of nature. China is continuing to commandeer islands in the South China Sea Two Palestinians on trial in Germany for targeting Israeli embassy European teenagers face having to secure parental permission to join the likes of Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat before the age of 16, under new EU data protection proposals. Global supermarkets selling shrimp peeled by slaves More than 2,000 trapped fishermen have been freed this year as a result of an ongoing Associated Press investigative series into slavery in the Thai seafood industry. Hamas Jerusalem carramming terrorist was a member. Revealed Rupert Murdoch and top News Corp bosses' meetings with government ministers US Not Seeking 'Regime Change' in Syria, John Kerry Says After Meeting With Russian President Germany armored truck robbed by group using antitank rocket launcher and automatic weapons. Police still searching for suspects Germany makes Facebook, Google, and Twitter remove hate speech within 24 hours Peru is planning to sanction KimberlyClark for allegedly conspiring with a competitor to set prices for toilet paper and other products Pope Francis is urging governments to consider granting a Holy Year amnesty to prisoners, find alternatives to incarceration and at the very least abolish the death penalty, in his annual peace message released Tuesday. Martin Schkreli  Turing CEO who increased the price of Aids drug by 5000%  has been arrested Saudi Arabia about to behead a teenage boy for attending a protest when he was 15 New Earth like planet spotted just 14 light years away Wolf 1061c Teen punches Spanish PM in face during a campaign appearance, breaks his glasses Cancer is overwhelmingly a result of environmental factors and not largely down to bad luck, a study suggests. Solar panel subsidy cuts branded 'huge and misguided UK government has decided to cut subsidies to householders installing roof top solar panels by 65% just days after agreeing to move swiftly to a lowcarbon energy future at the climate change conference in Paris Putin says democratic elections must be the only path to replacing Assad Google enlisted members of the US congress, whose election campaigns it had funded, to pressure the European Union to drop a 6bn antitrust case which threatens to decimate the US tech firms business in Europe. US announces $1.8B arms sales for Taiwan Brazil judge orders WhatsApp banned for 48 hours Turkish MP who claimed sarin gas was delivered to Isis in Syria through Turkey faces treason charges Putin pours fresh scorn on Turkey for downing Russian jet The Turks, Putin said, decided to lick the Americans in a certain place. Riot in Dutch town over plan for asylumseeker centre Peshmerga repulsing ISIS attacks for 15 hours now, on multiple fronts. Unusual heatwave to rip through Aussie capitals.Temperatures were not normally seen until the height of summer, late January and early February. 4,000 'slave' child workers removed from cocoa plantations Norwegians campaign to give Finland a mountain A New Study Shows Humans Caused a Major Shift in Earth's Ecosystems 6,000 Years Ago. Ukraine banned the Communist Party China launches worlds most sensitive dark matter probe Two Paris attack link suspects arrested in Austria refugee centre Rules from Israeli Medical Association require that terrorists be treated the same as victims in the event of a terrorist attack Putin Russia did have people in Ukraine doing 'certain military tasks' U.S. helping West African troops fight ISISlinked Boko Haram Denmark wants to seize jewelry and cash from refugees | Now, the country is debating another and even more extreme step The government is considering a law that would allow authorities to confiscate jewelry from refugees entering the country. The proposal is almost certain to pass parliament. The US State Department has approved a $1.29 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia, which includes as many as 13,000 precision guided weapons or smart bombs. The sale comes as Human Rights Watch charges that Saudi airstrikes in Yemen 'have indiscriminately killed and injured civilians.' Trump cancels trip to Israel after Netanyahu releases statement about Trump's proposed Muslim ban, saying Israel respects all religions and strictly guarantees the rights of all its citizens. Mina stampede deaths three times higher than acknowledged by Saudi authorities, up to 2,411 compared to 769 official figures A Canadian ISP has received a public backlash after posting a list on its Facebook page of 25 subscriber names who had not paid their overdue bills, in order to publicly shame them into paying Nicola Sturgeon removes Donald Trump as business ambassador for Scotland Kim Jonguns uncle admits he defected to U.S. due to fears of being victimized during power struggles Two detained in Finland over ISIS executions  suspected of murdering 11 on video Fukishima Radiation Off West Coast of North America Continues to Increase and Spread Saudi women face off against men for first time in elections Not only can they run in a government election for the first time, it is the first time they are permitted to vote at all Japanese PM's website hacked by whaling protesters. Nurseries in Qatar have canceled childrens festive concerts for Christmas following a directive from authorities reminding them not to hold nonIslamic rituals. Anonymous declares this Friday Troll ISIS Day A 15yearold and a 20year old have been arrested in counterterrorism raids in Sydney. Refugee crisis could lead to Britain leaving EU, David Cameron says Mars moisturefarming mission gets approval for 2018 launch Iran's Rouhani to Erdogan in Iran there is democracy and sometimes media publish such articles. referring to Erdogan's criticism of articles published in Iran about him. UK has 'lost world climate leadership role' by axing domestic green policies  Leading scientists and former ministers say the country has undermined its record as a world leader on climate change and is moving backwards Ammunition, IS propaganda found after France mosque closure Kim Jong Un says N. Korea has hydrogen bomb, becomes powerful nuclear state An anticorruption documentary is gaining momentum in Russia  and the government is taking notice A brazen Taliban assault on an air base outside the southern Afghan city of Kandahar triggered a 24hour gunbattle that killed at least 37 people and was still underway. Also Wednesday, the Taliban seized a district in another southern province, Helmand, killing 14 Afghan security forces Swiss police raise alert level in Geneva acting on intelligence of terror suspects in city or wider region Two servicemen have told Congress that American special forces called in an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan because they believed the Taliban were using it as a command center, contradicting the military's explanation that the attack was meant for a different building. Toronto Taxi Drivers Are Comparing Uber to ISIS And Hanging on to Moving Vehicles in Protest Japanese authorities make another grim 'ghost ship' discovery France will not ban WiFi or Tor, prime minister says Internet is a freedom, is an extraordinary means of communication between people, it is a benefit to the economy, Valls added Man wanted for planning the execution of 20,000 people during the 1994 Rwandan genocide arrested by Interpol after 21 years on the run Mysterious hackers attempting to bring down entire internet by DDoSing critical servers Eighty children get chickenpox at Brunswick North West Primary, a school that calls for 'tolerance' of vaccine dodgers Make cannabis consumption legal; ban is turning people alcoholic Tathagata Satpathy, Indian Member of Parliament Beijing continues to suffer from pollution, but Delhi's air quality is oneandahalf times worse Turkey acts like ISIS ally, should not be EU member Czech president The first plasma the Wendelstein 7X fusion device is now in operation | On 10th December 2015 the first helium plasma was produced in the Wendelstein 7X fusion device at the Max Planck Institute for Plasma Physics (IPP) in Greifswald Russian nuclear power plant in Beloyarsk which was created to recycle nuclear waste and minimize risks of nuclear disasters produced its first electricity. IS finance chief 'killed in air strikes' Israel one of the main buyers of ISIS oil 3rd Paris Attacker Identified as a French Citizen Carbon footprints dont lie Worlds richest 10% release 50% of its CO2 At Least 9,115 Killed in Ukraine Conflict, U.N. Says Saudi Arabia more of a threat to Britain than Russia, says Ken Livingstone Russian production of Tshirts with antiTurkish slogans has been delayed by disruptions in fabric imports from Turkey. China to Give Rights to Millions of Unregistered Citizens Born in Violation of OneChild Policy New Zealand selects a new preliminary flag, featuring a fern and the southern cross. The decision to choose a new flag has been backed by Prime Minister John Key, who has said the current one is too similar to Australia's and that it is time to remove the Union Jack from the flag. Pearl Harbor ceremony unites former U.S. and Japanese pilots Former U.S. airman Jack DeTour, 92, and Japanese fighter pilot Shiro Wakita, 88, sworn enemies during World War Two, together poured whiskey from a battered canteen into Pearl Harbor to commemorate the 1941 attack on the U.S. naval base. Fighting breaks out in Ukrainian parliament Electron lifetime is at least 66,000 yottayears Bombing of Yemeni schools by Saudiled coalition leaves thousands out of education Amnesty Oil hits new sevenyear low on glut warning Save the Planet. Eat Ugly.  The efficiencies in farming, packaging and transportation that could come from consuming such fruits and vegetables, instead of throwing them away, could eliminate one billion tons of carbon emissions a year Islamic State has made $1.5bn from looting banks and selling oil Mexico issues first permit to grow and use marijuana Authorities issued Friday the first permit allowing four individuals to grow and use their own marijuana for recreational purposes, following a landmark Supreme Court ruling It was satire, faux news  Reports that Mexican drug leader El Chapo declared 'war' on ISIS as run by NY Post, Forbes and Fox News have been proven false Japan slammed for fueling illegal ivory trade  Its inaction abetting slaughter of elephants as demand rises, study finds Gun linked to Paris attacks traced back to Florida arms dealer implicated in IranContra scandal Over 50,000 of people gathered today in capital of Poland to protest against recent decisions of government. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau personally greets 160 Syrian refugees as they arrive in Canada. Giant salamander measuring 4ft 7in discovered in remote cave in China President Vladimir Putin said Friday that Russia has provided air cover, weapons and supplies to the Free Syrian Army, the leading Westernbacked opposition group in Syria and called for closer coordination with the U.S.allied coalition Mexico issues first permit to grow and use marijuana Former Chilean soldier charged with murder after stunning radio confession in which he admitted to 18 killings under the countries ex dictator, Augusto Pinochet Paris attacker was French army reject  He was turned down by the French army and possibly also by the police before Islamic State took him on to fight for them. Facebook User in Thailand Facing 32 Years in Prison for Liking Something on Facebook Chinas top bankers who disappeared, were detained, or died unnaturally this year James Hansen, father of climate change awareness, calls Paris talks 'a fraud'  The former Nasa scientist criticizes the talks, intended to reach a new global deal on cutting carbon emissions beyond 2020, as no action, just promises Canadian dollar drops below 73 cents US as oil sinks under $36  lowest in 11 years Two Syrians Arrested in Geneva, Traces of Explosives in Their CarSwiss Media Julius Caesar battlefield unearthed in southern Netherlands 300 ISIS fighters trapped after tactical mistake Donald Trump in Twitter spat with Saudi Prince Alwaleed Putin vows to 'immediately destroy' any target threatening Russia in Syria | World news | The Guardian The Swiss Federal Court has rejected a ban on wearing Muslim headscarves, or hijabs, in school. Gambia now an Islamic republic, says President Yahya Jammeh At least 22 killed,over 70 injured in massive blast near hospital in Syria's Homs Restored Photos From Shackletons Antarctic Wreck Reveal New Details  Photos taken during Shackletons Antarctic expedition have been digitally restored for the 1st time Sunken haul of Roman fish sauce found off Italy  Archaeologists have discovered an ancient Roman vessel laden with 3000 jars of Roman fish sauce  or garum  on the seabed off the coast of Italy. It's an exceptional find that dates to the 1st or 2nd century AD. Two Saudi men removed from Jeddah book fair after protesting against allowing a woman to recite a poem in the hall. Much to their surprise the rest of the audience sided with the poet. Lombardy in Italy bans burqas and Islamic veils following European terror attacks Whoever wants to enter a hospital in Lombardy must be recognisable and present themselves uncoveredThe burqa [and the] niqab are therefore banned. World agrees landmark climate deal BP faces Mexican class action lawsuit over Deepwater Horizon oil spill  Oil giant faces potentially huge compensation bill for environmental damage. BP paid $20.8bn settlement in US but so far nothing in Mexico for Gulf oil spill. Man faces up to 32 years in prison for insulting the king of thailand after liking a Facebook post Abdallah, Egyptian teenager, was tortured by administering electric shocks to his genitals, beating him and raping him multiple times with a wooden stick, according to Abdallahs family and lawyer. Amnesty reports. Scientology faces ban in Belgium amid fraud allegations Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has lifted Tony Abbott's controversial ban on government investment in wind power, in his first major break from the former regime's environmental policy Montreal bans singleuse plastic bags as of 2018 Barbados to Remove Queen Elizabeth II as Titular Head of State ISIS set to Destroy Ancient Roman Site near Tripoli 69 police officers injured in clashes in eastern Germany Russia fires Turkey boat warning shot Czech President Milos Zeman 'Barbarian' Turkey Acts Like ISIS Ally, Not Welcome in EU Ecuador and Sweden have signed a pact that would allow WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to be questioned at Ecuador's embassy in London where he has been for more than three years.. The legal agreement was signed in the Ecuadorean capital after half a year of negotiations A Jordanian woman who came close to joining the ISIS described a sophisticated 14month recruitment process by the extremists that she said landed her in a secret compound in Turkey with dozens of other women Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen's schools, Amnesty International claims | The UN has described the humanitarian situation inside Yemen as 'critical' Woman who nearly joined ISIS reveals extremists' sophisticated recruitment process  Middle East News Shaker Aamer Extremists 'have no right to live in the UK' Kamlesh Tiwari row Muslim community's protest turns ugly with proIslamic State slogans (India) ISIS Terror Plot uncovered names Geneva, Chicago & Toronto as potential targets ISIS chemical weapon plot foiled as two Syrian terror suspects arrested in Geneva LAXtoCuba charter flights take off for first time Climate Deal Requires $16.5 Trillion Investment to Cut Pollution To accomplish that, governments will have to offer incentives for clean energy production, scale back support for fossil fuels like oil, make emissions more costly, and reduce deforestation 'Anything but Le Pen' French turn to tactical voting to stop far right Saudi ruling puts end to marriage between 90yearold man and his 15yearold bride A Chinese Web censor snaps, goes on public rant Police investigating murder on UK nuclear submarine horrified by tales of crew's binge drinking Military lasers becoming a reality Catholic Church in Germany drops sex abuse inquiry Former FBI agent missing in Iran photographed in Guantnamo jumpsuit   Australian wildfires are 'nearly uncontrollable'  'rated catastrophic' in some areas Japan Explores War Scenarios with China Siberia Is Thick With Wolves, and Hunters Are in Demand   Officials in the SakhaYakutia region of Siberia have gone so far as to declare a state of emergency to draw attention to the wolves eating livestock, including horses and reindeer. Report U.S. Spy Law Authorizes Mass Surveillance of European Citizens Guatemala builds private city for the wealthy to escape crime Havens Are Turning Hellish For Tax Avoiders Australia's devastating bushfires as seen from ISS! Short skirts, bad stars and chow mein why Indias women get raped West African lions on verge of extinction, report says  Conservation group LionAid says as few as 645 lions remain in the wild in western and central Africa
 Next week most Cubans will be able to travel freely for the first time in decades. But not its baseball starts. While many people in Aleppo still say they, too, want rid of Assad, the rebels' inability to bring order or to improve the miserable conditions of the city, an ancient jewel of the Arab world now ravaged by 21stcentury war, is losing them support. BBC News  The girls stolen from the streets of India Taiwanese linguist races to save dying language  Her eyes lit bright with concentration, Taiwanese linguist Sung Limay leans in expectantly as one of the planets last 10 speakers of the Kanakanavu language shares his hopes for the future. Man falls onto subway track in Canada, with sound of an oncoming train filling the station. Student jumps onto the tracks to try to lift him out of harm's way.... Indian soldier killed in Kashmir was beheaded A massive fire tore through a waterfront slum in Nigeria's megacity of Lagos on Tuesday, burning down dozens of shack workshops and homes. The only sirens heard came from convoys of police and soldiers roaring by guarding the nation's business and political elite. US could withdraw all Afghanistan troops  Healthcare managers in the Madrid region are resigning over plans to privatise part of the health service in and around the Spanish capital.  ExAbu Ghraib inmates get $5m settlement from US firm Poachers killed a family of 11 elephants in the biggest single mass shooting of the animals on record in Kenya. Australia's heatwave off the scale, the Bureau of Meteorology forced to add new colour to charts as dome of heat pushes 51C (123.8F)  Poachers are not only killing elephants, but also the park rangers who are trying to protect them. In a world first, McDonald's in Australia will temporarily rename some stores to what 55 percent of Australians now call the company 'Macca's' Gamers hired by father to 'kill' son in online games Anger online as Saudi in his 90s marries 15yearold In Bollywood films, men routinely chase and harass women. The message from Bollywood is almost always that if you harass a woman enough, no matter how often she says no, she'll ultimately say yes. Outrage as Indian guru blames Delhi rape victim A surprising map of the best and worst countries to be born into today Australia  Nation on high alert, over 100 fires in the state of New South Wales alone. Two Indian soldiers have been shot dead in the disputed Kashmir region between India and Pakistan, officials say. Archaeologists in Israel discover synagogue dating from time of Jesus  Students at North Korea's premier university have showed Google's executive chairman how they look for information online they Google it. Hunger Striking First Nations Chief Audited  Revealing Majority of $104M from Canadian government not properly accounted for  CBC News In Unprecedented Protest to State Censorship, Chinese Media Outlets Run Disclaimer Stating They Don't Support StateMandated Editorial Denouncing Southern Weekly Iran admits oil exports fall by 40 percent amid crippling Western sanctions Environmental activist creates a fake media release to wipe over $300 million worth of value from the stock of one of Australias biggest miners.  Syria crisis Food aid 'cannot reach a million people' Kim JongUn sends 2.2 pounds of sweets to every child in North Korea to mark his birthday. Fifteen year old girl repeatedly raped by her father and whose baby was murdered faces flogging for fornicating with another man in the Maldives. New Record for German Exports Expected for 2012 Despite Euro Crisis  SPIEGEL ONLINE After Outsourcing Boom, An 'Insourcing' Comeback?  NPR British Soldier Killed By 'Uniformed Afghan' Latest drone strike kills eight in northwest Pakistan Indonesia's Aceh province proposes new law banning female passengers from straddling on motorcycles, because women's curves are more visible Models must have doctor's note to prove they are not too thin, France rules Canadian dollar tumbles to close below 72 cents US, the lowest in nearly 12 years Cuba and U.S. agree to resume commercial flights Norway wants to give a mountain to Finland as an Independence Day present Germany shuts down mosque over ISIS sponsoring & recruiting A Ukrainian Website Is Outing Russian Soldiers, and Moscow Wants Canada to Stop It France votes for plain cigarette packaging from 2016 Shashi Tharoor India MP's bill to decriminalise gay sex defeated in the lower house of the Parliament Fossil found in China reveals that ancient species of mankind may have existed alongside us for far longer than was previously thought. Ukraine Defaults on $3 Billion Bond to Russia Biochip identifies cancerous cells, 'washes' blood clean of cancer in dialysisstyle treatment Australia wins international legal battle with Philip Morris over plain packaging Kuwait Airways cancels New YorkLondon route rather than letting Israelis fly Isis Former German militant claims group is planning coordinated terror attacks in Europe Poland installs new NATO training centre head in the dead of night Muslim family 'denied boarding' on flight to US from Gatwick A Turkish government official says authorities at Istanbul's main airport have detained two people suspected of attempting to smuggle 148 blank European passports concealed in pizzamaking equipment. Closure of Kellingley pit brings deep coal mining to an end in Great Britain Russian air strikes in Syria kill 34 civilians including '6 children and 11 women' A contingent of Canada's elite commandos were thrown into a daylong battle alongside Kurdish Peshmerga fighters as the Islamic State launched its biggest offensive in Iraq since western troops arrived in the region 18 months ago. 'SuperEarth' discovered only 14 lightyears away Jordan has begun deporting Sudanese asylum seekers Beijing grinds to halt as second ever 'red alert' issued over severe smog | Four days of heavy pollution in Chinas capital means restrictions on vehicle use, school closures and bans on fireworks and outdoor barbecues Turkey mistreated scores of migrants, says Amnesty Researchers Who Uncovered VW Dieselgate Are Now Accusing Mercedes and BMW  The companies deny the allegations. Two countries had no idea they were in Saudi Arabia's Muslim coalition to fight terrorism Europes oldest lake faces destruction to make way for tourists  Lake Ohrid is most biodiverse lake of its size in world, home to over 350 novel species & a UNESCO World Heritage Site & a Holy Grail for world's biologists. Its marsh is threatened to be destroyed with luxury apts. UN 177 countries vote in support of the right of Palestinians to selfdetermination The Tokyo Olympics 2020 will cost the host organizing committee six times more than their original estimate $14.85 billion Lake Poopo, Bolivia's 2ndlargest lake has dried up Nuclear leak at St Petersburg, Russia UK Richest one per cent 'have as much wealth as the poorest 57 per cent combined Only 18 FGM (female genital mutilation protection) orders issued to protect UK girls since launch Health professionals urged to be braver in applying initiative to safeguard thousands of children. India is ready to fight ISIS only if UN adopts resolution to counter the jihadist extremists in the Middle Eastern countries. Marine reserve habitat of world's rarest dolphin approved for oil exploration and seismic testing UK government cuts solar subsidies by 64% UN's Ban KiMoon accuses Israel of breeding Palestinian terror attacks Tobacco company Philip Morris loses bid to challenge plain packaging laws in Australiaclaimed breach of foreign investment protections that the Australian Government guaranteed in its trade deal with Hong Kong UK weather Daffodils bloom in December as London temperatures reach June average. US airstrike may have inadvertently killed Iraqi soldiers More than 103,000 children 'homeless at Christmas' in England Briton stabbed to death by Canadian during 'bad trip' in Amazon spiritual ceremony Isis bans 'corrupt' foreign television and calls satellite dishes the 'machinations of Satan' Peruvian Women who were Forcibly Sterilized in a Scheme Unveiled in 1995, Might Finally see Punishment Handed Down to its Perpetrators Biggest mystery in mathematics in limbo after cryptic meeting Brutal torture and luxury trips of Libya's ruling family Hannibal Gaddafi's iPad reveals how dictator's sons revelled in the regime's violence while treating their family to lavish holidays and shopping Refugee crisis warnings to eastern EU nations from Germany, Austria. Eastern EU nations that refuse to accept refugees risk funding cuts and legal sanctions, according to two German cabinet ministers. Israeli security forces thwarted another attempted ramming attack by a Palestinian motorist in the West Bank, the second within two hours on Saturday afternoon Dutch Court Shell to Be Held Accountable for Nigeria Oil Spills Hamas seeking to orchestrate suicide bombings, PA says The UN's International Court of Justice has ruled that Japan's Antarctic whaling programme is not for scientific purposes BBC News  North and South Korea exchange fire across western sea border 10,000yearold settlement found in Cork NSA Infiltrated RSA Security More Deeply Than Thought Germany ready to reinforce NatoRussia borders World court says Japan's Antarctic whaling program is not for scientific purposes No proof torture helped US find Osama bin Laden, Senate report concludes Israel bulldozes Palestinian homes, mosque Silk Road closure fails to dampen illegal drug sales online, experts say India creates own drug to treat gangrene, to be available in a year Members of the UN's climate panel say that their report provides overwhelming evidence of the scale of global warming UN court rules against Japan whaling Obama weighs sending shoulderfired missiles to Syrian rebels Moving quickly to envelop Crimea in the Russian bureaucracy and economy, the Kremlin announced plans on Monday to nearly double retirement pensions paid to the elderly on the peninsula, raising them to the average levels paid in Russia. South African President Jacob Zuma refuses to pay back hundreds of millions on upgraded personal residence Poland seeks to avoid Russian 'gas blackmail' Russia returns captured submarine to Ukraine, says that sub stopped being relevant on the battlefield since the 80s. Sub will have to be towed to Ukraninan side by tugboat. Russian Deputy Prime Minister tweets photo in Crimea saying, Crimea is ours, and thats that. 2 Morsi supporters sentenced to death. They are accused of throwing a kid and a young man off a building in Alexandria. Pilots daughter says UK tabloid made up MH370 report Health authorities in Guinea are facing an unprecedented epidemic of Ebola, an international aid group warned Monday as the death toll from the disease that causes severe bleeding reached 78. India, Russia sign Rs 2,600 crore (USD 430 million) deal for antitank ammunition Ebola outbreak spreads to Liberia after killing 70 in Guinea Germany Mulls Military Support for NATO's Eastern European States MH370 Hopes dashed as orange objects turn out to be fishing equipment British experts say they have found London's lost Black Death graves Archaeologists in Britain have solved a 660yearold mystery, citing DNA tests which they said proved they had found a lost burial site for tens of thousands of people killed in medieval London by the Black Death plague. Pope Francis 'stuns' congregation by confessing to an 'ordinary' priest In a move that was described as bold and even noteworthy by some, Pope Francis has stunned a congregation by confessing his sins to an ordinary priest in full view of St. Peter's Basilica. Turkey started hijacking IP addresses for popular Global DNS providers Black Death Was Not Spread by Rat Fleas  Evidence from skulls in London shows plague had to have been airborne to spread so fast & kill so quickly, making it a pneumonic plague rather than a bubonic one. Brunei brings in system of Islamic law with punishments that include the dismemberment of limbs and stoning to death Vladimir Putin 'Wants to Regain Finland' Says Close Adviser Rio Looks Like A War Zone As Troops Raid Slums Only Months Before The World Cup On Eve of Turkish Elections, Google Confirms DNS Service Intercepted In a phone call with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, Hamid Karzai accused Pakistan of being behind a recent series of attacks and of blocking his government from striking a peace deal with the Taliban Office of Outgoing JPMorgan Asia CEO Raided By Hong Kong's Commission Against Corruption Fifth Brazilian World Cup construction worker dies after falling 25ft while installing seats Crimea sets clocks to Moscow time Biggest Threat to Japan Whaling isn't Environmentalists, but Declining Appetites  Due to a lack of buyers, stockpiled whale meat has doubled. Over 2,300 minke whales worth of meat is sitting in freezers, yet whalers still plan to catch another 1,300 whales a yr. Philippines sues China over sea claims lawsuit says China has no 'historical rights' to a section of South China Sea. UN Science Report Warming Worsens Security Woes  top scientists are saying that climate change will complicate and worsen existing global security problems, such as civil wars, strife between nations and refugees. Putin gives green light to sale of S400 missile system to ChinaPoliticsNewsWantChinaTimes.com Boy, 14, told reporters he was stripped, spit on and beaten by Israeli soldiers during interrogation Guinea battles to contain Ebola as Senegal closes its border Slovak tycoon Kiska, who has no previous political experience, wins presidency China seizes $14.5 billion assets from family, associates of exsecurity chief  sources Archaeologists Delicately Dig Up Nazi Death Camp Secrets at Treblinka Mexico finds 370 abandoned immigrant children North Korea To UN On Human Rights 'Mind Your Own Business' Crowds gather in Crimean capital Simferopol to celebrate as their clocks move two hours forward to Moscow time. One million people have been forced out of their homes by S Sudan conflict b'Brits take a stand  ban shortselling of financial stocks' b'Scientology could be banned in France if they lose fraud lawsuit. ' Spain's media in uproar over McCain's comments regarding Prime Minister Zapatero Arabs across the ideological spectrum are denouncing cleric's fatwa on 'immoral' TV b' Bitter Asians wag the finger at U.S. bank bailouts' Rome's Ban On Skimpy Clothing Leads Prostitutes To Dress As Nuns UCLA study of satellite imagery casts doubt on surge's success in Baghdad b'China Blames Wall Street Meltdown On Federal Reserve Overissuance Of Currency ' b'Unknown piece of music by Mozart found in France' b'Interesting Places Shibam Manhattan of the Desert [pics]' b'UK Teenager sentenced to jail for two years for downloading a guide to making naplam' b'Why are people worried about short selling (Alex, financial cartoon)' b'US air raid kills Iraq civilians' b'Russian minister says war with the United States not possible' b'North Korea Preparing to Restart Nuclear Facility' b'America continues to lose world influence as Russia sells weapons to Iran and  Venezuela' b'Rice says U.S. will resist Russian moves against its neighbors' b'14 men rob a coca cola factory  shoot out with security  wtf!! ' b'South Ossetia information warfare, two sides presented in one talk show' b'North Korea preparing to restart nuclear reactor' b' Venezuela expels U.S. rights group for criticism' b'Chavez expells Human Rights Watch from Venezuela for criticizing govt.' b'Euthanasia advocate takes her own life.' The complete list of the world's billionaires Swaziland's HIV/AIDS treatment crisis goes critical Men's Olympic Luger Said to be Dead b'Biggest offensive since 2001. Number superiority 1530 soldiers to 1. Taliban are retreating from their largest and most lucrative stronghold. BIGGEST Afghan battle is expected to take place in the next few weeks.' b'There are still over one million landmines in Cambodia. At the rate they are going now, it will take 50100 years to finish. If I could teach villagers to demine the way I do. It is fast, easy, and cheap. We could have the whole country demined in 35 years.  Aki Ra' Norway plans to build the world's most powerful wind turbine b'Israel is waging a covert assassination campaign across the Middle East in an effort to stop its key enemies coordinating their activities.' b'Iran president Era of nuclear weapons over' b'Vancouver 2010  Georgian luger dies after horrifying crash at Whistler track' Palestinians dressed as the Na'vi stage a protest against Israel's separation barrier b'Fail First Female President of Costa Rica opposed to samesex marriage, abortion and the morning after pill' b'German prosecutors said Friday they have charged a member of allfemale pop group No Angels with causing bodily harm for failing to inform sexual partners that she was HIV positive. ' b'Paul Farmer, Founder of Partners in Health which operates in Haiti, gives fantastic talk about the situation' b'Iran disrupting satellite transmissions' 'US to expand military centers in Pakistan' b'Nato launches major Afghan assault' Palestinian Protesters Dress As 'Avatar' Characters b'Major offensive launched in Afghanistan by NATO.' 6 Arrested In Mentally Challenged Woman's Torture Death b'3 killed in Alabama university shooting' Cuban doctors help Haiti  Cuba's socialist system successfully mixes politics, medicine and diplomacy b'Coalition Begins Major Afghan Offensive' b'USA accidentally admits that Iran has no nuclear weapons program' b'Head of Russian space mission proposes plan to save Earth from apocalyptic collision with Apophis  equal to 100,000 Tunguskas' b'China quake activist jailed for inciting subversion' b'New Zealand What has happened to real wages since 1982?' Earth 'to be wiped out' by supernova explosion with force of 20 billion billion billion megatons of TNT Jacqui Smith, the destroyer of UK civil liberties, Well I'm glad her husband also finds her repulsive. b'Stem Cells To Grow Bigger Breasts' b'Chinese immigrants found living under pavement in Milan' b'Palestinian youth orchestra disbanded after playing for Holocaust survivors' b'Criminal proceedings have begun in Spain against six senior officials in the Bush administration for the use of torture against detainees in Guantnamo Bay. ' A mysterious illness is causing calves to bleed to death on German farms. Veterinarians are stumped over what is causing the deaths vaccines, genetically modified feed or perhaps even the first mother's milk? Jewish writer raises a storm in America with his report from a 'tolerant' Iran b'PETA Kills 95% of Adoptable Pets in its Care During 2008' b'Spain considering investigation of Bush officials because they violated international law by condoning torture' b'Canadians upset at Fox News red eye program, Canadian prime minister snubs Canadian press in favour of Fox News' 'Most religious leaders are fools' The danger of the Dalai Lama, or why South Africa couldn't let him in... b' Porn star strips at Milan stock exchange to protest financial crisis, traders immediately go long' b'Report Israel used unmanned drones to attack Sudan convoys' b'GhostNet spy ring linked to China' b'Judge has ordered prosecutors to investigate whether key Bush aides should be charged with crimes over the Guantanamo Bay detention center' b'MI5 and MI6 admit fears over 15 new torture cases' b'Without explanation, China on Tuesday locked down access to the popular videosharing site, according to Scott Rubin, a spokesman for YouTubes parentcompany, Google.' b'Iranian missile experts in North Korea' b'Bankers urged to disguise themselves for G20 protests' b'Spanish Court opens inquiry on torture for 6 Bush admin officials ' b'Western Media Bias  Palestine and Israel' b'European Protesters March in G20 Rallies' b'How Would You Respond to an RIAA/MPAA Warning?' b'Spanish judges have agreed to consider charging six former US officials with providing legal justification for alleged torture at Guantanamo Bay.' b'Israel at it again They just seized 425 acres of Palestinian land to build a settlement for 2500 homes. They seriously are not interested in peace.' b'By NOT purchasing Israeli products and services, we can each help NOT keep the Israeli economy vibrant and growing.' b'Is it a crime to take pictures?' b'Binyamin Netanyahu targets Iran after he is appointed Prime Minister' b'Paranoid Britain Tops US To Become #1 Police State' b'Obama Reverses U.S. Position on LGBT Issues at the UN' b'What a freaking outrage  child stars of $100 million Slumdog movie still live in slums' b'Massive revolt brewing 67361 responses, 91% support  to fight the Obama $275 B mortgage bailout' b'Road to riches ends for 20 million Chinese ' b'Argentina expels British bishop who denies the Holocaust' b'Camembert Clash The French Cheese Wars' b'Iran has enough fuel for a nuclear bomb, report says | LA Times (VERY misleading headline)' Miss Atom 2009 Russia's Nuclear Bombshells b'US ready to up pay for Kyrgyz base' b'Iran Has a Third More Enriched Uranium Than Thought, Inspectors Say' b'Iran and Israel Case of Nuclear Mirage and Nuclear Blindness' b'North Korea  Still Crazy After All These Years' Filmmakers 'using Holocaust as Oscars bait' Two Tamil Tiger planes raid on Sri Lanka's capital Colombo Britain's government apologized Thursday for endorsing a lesson plan which asked students to think like suicide bombers. b'Iranian Authorities Destroy Sufi Holy Site In Isfahan' b' tUS Congressmen in the Gaza Strip The amount of physical destruction and the depth of human suffering here is staggering' b'UK  Muslim preacher Anjem Choudary calls for people who get drunk to be flogged ' b'French, German Visits Could Herald New Era Of EU Engagement With Iraq' b'New Yorkers to Boycott NY Post Over racist Cartoon.....' b'Bush ignored by the other world leaders at the G20 meeting' b'Israel Bans International Media from Gaza, Arrests Human Rights Activists' b'Somali Pirates We dont consider ourselves sea bandits, he said. We consider sea bandits those who illegally fish in our seas and dump waste in our seas and carry weapons in our seas.' b'Teenage Indian boy was thrashed, paraded through the streets with his head shaved and then thrown under a train for daring to write a love letter to a girl from a different caste. ' b'Russia to build nuclear reactor for Chvez' b'The $23 Million Ceiling at UN European headquarters in Geneva' b'Man, the Dutch have it good [PIC]' b'IMF finally approves $2.1B loan to Iceland' b'Afghanistan drug production up 150% since 2001' b'Hebrew papers told of Arab plan' b'India praised for sinking pirates' Under Iraq Troop Pact , US Can't Leave Any Forces (Military or Civilian Contractors) Behind b'Crisis in paradise Meltdown leaves ghost resorts.' U.S. Missile Strikes beyond Pakistan's Tribal Belt Experts say the Smithsonian's Hope Diamond once belonged to Louis XIV and was looted during the French Revolution. b'S Africa to cut aid to Zimbabwe' b'Easyjet puts chokehold on windpipe op' b'Syria Claims Israel Planted Uranium (UN Listens)' b'Tokyo War Crimes indictment against George W. Bush' b'International Space Station celebrates decade in space' Hungry in Zimbabwe 'If you rest, you starve' The World's Most Powerful Eating Strategies b'UN agrees DR Congo troop increase' b'Oil price drops below $50 a barrel' b'Man banned from all churches in England and Wales' b'India sinks Somali pirate ship' b'New prostitution laws in the UK mean men who pay to have sex with trafficked women may face rape charges, and ignorance is no defense.' b'Finally someone steps up to Somali pirates INDIA sinks pirate mother ship' b'Israel boycotts UN racism conference, claims bias' Egypt and Israel were at war. Anwar Sadat, Egypt's President, flew to Jerusalem to make peace. His plane door opened. Israel stood still. Israeli buglers sounded the salute. An unforgettable moment. b'After a mere four years, Ireland plans to reinstate a ban on handguns.' b'With no money, Pakistan moms abandon kids' b'Somali pirates transform villages into boomtowns  building sprawling stone McMansions' b'British and American military secrets may have been passed to the Russians by a double agent  biggest spy scandal since CIA traitor Aldrich Ames' b'Israel slams UN call to end blockade' Forget Red vs. Blue  It's the Educated vs. People Easily Fooled by Propaganda b'The Government of Israel continues to act recklessly, and with utter disregard for the human rights of the Palestinian people, including their right to life and safety.' b'A 26yearold flight student is dead after a propeller accident' b'The British National Party (BNP) membership list which has been published online by an exmember can be found here' b'IRAQ WAR ENDS' b'UN Calls For End To Israeli Blockade Of Gaza Strip' b'IAEA Bombed Syrian site had features like a nuclear reactor' b'Today we have around 1.8 million (reported) cases of Police Torture Each Year in India. Those Tortured are generally the (LowCaste) Dalits, the Tribals and the Muslims.' b'Well, well.  Blackwater wants to fight pirates now.  How unexpected.' b'early thaw in the coming cold war?  Moscow reaches out to Obama on missiles' b'Pirates strike again, seize Hong Kong grain ship bound for Iran' b'More challenges to secret copyright treaty' b'WTF? Barack Obama Faces Charges in Memphis ' spy called 'The Spaniard' may have betrayed British and U.S. secrets to Russia for more than a decade b'UK government unveils plan for sex trade crackdown' Iranians respond to Israeli Facebook initiative Israel, we &lt;3 you too Dutch Catholic church abuse at least one youth castrated for 'homosexuality', evidence for at least 10 other cases King of Tonga dead report The Nobel peace prize winner and president of Liberia, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, has defended a law that criminalises homosexual acts, saying We like ourselves just the way we are. How one man escaped from a North Korean prison camp Italian police have arrested 16 judges in what they say is a big antimafia operation centred on Naples. WikiLeaks Founder to Run for Australian Senate Slavery's last stronghold, Mauritania Pope Benedict XVI disturbed by disloyalty of those who leaked internal documents about corruption, poor financial management,and contempt regarding the Vatican efforts against laundering. In Mexico, extortion is a booming offshoot of drug war  Almost every segment of the economy and society, including businesses, teachers and priests, has been subjected to extortionists who exploit fear of cartels. Four killed in shooting at Jewish school in France Winds of change blow through China as spending on renewable energy soars  
World's biggest polluter spends 4bn a year on wind & solar power generation in single region as it aims to cut fossil fuel use Assad wife I am the real dictatorThe Britishborn wife of Syrian president Bashar alAssad joked in leaked emails. Al Jazeera obtains secret Syria files  
Papers prepared for President Assad by intelligence and security chiefs throw light on his strategy to quell protests. Israelis Agree Iran Hasn't Decided on the actual construction of Atom Bomb  Chinese hoping ticket out of China is French class  Chinese desperate to emigrate have discovered a backdoor into Canada that involves applying for entry into the country's francophone province of Quebec  as long as you have a good working knowledge of the local lingo Topless Women Protest Rampant Sex Trade in Ukraine  ABC News 80% in Japan 'support nuclear phaseout' Mexican Policemen Killed After Beheadings  Gunmen in western Mexico have killed 12 policemen investigating the beheadings of 10 other people 24pound tumor misdiagnosed as pregnancy Researchers have updated HadCRUT, one of the main global temperate records, which dates back to 1850  2010 now listed as world's hottest year WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange to run for Australian Senate  CNN.com Only 2% believe David Cameron is leading 'greenest government ever  
Poll reveals only one in 50 members of the British public agrees that the prime minister is delivering on his pledge Africans must travel to the moon to investigate what developed nations have been doing in outer space, Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni said Saturday. A gunman has opened fire at a school for Jewish children in the French city of Toulouse, killing at least three people In Sweden, cash is king no more. Ukrainian girl survives been burned alive after gang rape  The 19yearold daughter of a Chilean diplomat in Venezuela has been killed by police at a road checkpoint. The trio ignored a command to stop by police at the checkpoint, fearing the officers might be robbers. Violent crime is widespread in Venezuela. Brazil to file charges on Chevron executives  A federal judge grants a request from prosecutors, barring 17 executives from leaving Brazil, pending criminal charges. Drug War Incompatible with Human Rights, Says Law Enforcement Against Prohibition (LEAP) Thai billionaire who invented Red Bull energy drink dies in Bangkok, aged 89 Officials in Marseille are evacuating an area around the French Mediterranean city's port so they can remove a 1ton German bomb that dates to WWII UK steps in to help West Africa in fight to overturn EU fishing abuses  Britain helps block move by Spain that would have allowed European trawlers to continue overfishing in African waters
 Mexicos middle class is becoming its majority  Although many Mexicans still imagine a country of downtrodden masses dominated by a wealthy elite, the swelling ranks of the middle class are crowding new WalMarts, driving Nissan sedans and maxing out their Banamex credit cards. A former Lutheran pastor and civil rights activist has been elected as Germany's new president St. Patrick's Day party turns violent in London, Ont. Somali pirates increase brutality Pirates' torture of kidnapped crew members is becoming commonplace.
 U.S. teacher killed in Yemen  witnesses say attackers wore uniforms of the country's Republican Guard  England's Environmental Regulations to be Slashed  Environmentalists angry over government plans to 'cut red tape' on rules over air, land & noise pollution, & wildlife protection Thousands Rally for FarLeft French Candidate Gulf Widens Between U.S. And A More Volatile Karzai 'Let's pray for God to rescue us from these two demons,' Mr. Karzai said . . . clearly referring to the United States and the Taliban in the same breath. 'There are two demons in our country now.' Brazil  17 executives from Chevron and Transocean barred from leaving the country, pending criminal charges related to last years Oil Spill. While Iceland investigates City banking fraud claims,  UK authorities admit they are defeated by the complexity of the case While an Americanbacked gas pipeline through Afghanistan might be done in 2014, an Iranianbacked pipeline is already built up to the border with Pakistan, just waiting for the hookup. In China, millions make themselves at home in caves  Some are basic, others beautiful, with high ceilings and nice yards. 'Life is easy and comfortable here,' one cave dweller says. Doctors bid to unseat 50 MPs in revenge over NHS bill King George Tupou V of the South Pacific nation of Tonga has died at the age of 63, reports say. India Maoists kidnap Italian tourists in Orissa  Maoist rebels have kidnapped 2 Italians in the eastern Indian state of Orissa, the 1st time Westerners have been abducted there With 1bn hungry and 1bn obese, what is the future of the world's resources?
 Britain ending aid to India Lib Dems get 80% the number of votes Labour have, yet 20% the number of seats. Care about electoral reform? Let's do something about it. b'Israel does not accept U.N. proposal for a Middle East free of Atomic Weapons US will reassess its 40yearold don't ask, don't tell policy toward Israeli nuclear arsenal' b'Australia burka armed robbery sparks burka ban debate  As Australian senator observed, the garb represents the repressive domination of men over women which has no place in our society and compromises some of the most important aspects of human communication. ' b'Israeli This settlement is unauthorized and should not be developed any further, claims it will stop settlement construction and provide a clear timeline. Does not do so and instead authorizes settlers to loot as much as they can from the Palestinians' General Election 2010 Lib Dems may demand Gordon Brown's exit  b'BREAKING  Russia probably killed all 10 pirates they arrested' b'Brazil has signed the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, but experts suspect it may be working on a nuclear bomb. The country is allowed to legally enrich uranium for its nuclear submarines, but nobody knows what happens to the fuel once it is on restricted military bases.' b'New BBC report from Iraq At least under Saddam Hussein, Mustafa said, Iraq was the safest country on earth. ' b'Greece The opposition (Nea Dimokratia  the party largely responsible for the current economic crisis) expel one of the few decent politicians in Greece for voting in favour of the PASOK austerity measures. Partisanship in Greece is worst than in the USA. ' b'A report by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said Japan had refused to answer any questions and seized navigation information from the whaling ship as part of its own inquiry.' b'Turkish legislators approve constitutional changes said to strengthen position of Islamist ruling party  nOpposition parties allege that the amendments designed to give the Islamicrooted government leverage over the largely secular judiciary' What it's like in Baghdad after 'liberation'  The litany of Iraq's current problems is too long to list, but it starts with virtually nonexistent basic services like electricity supply, and ends with the continuing violence which claims the lives of hundreds of Iraqis every month. b'Romania braces for austerity. Austerity is bankerspeak for loot the people and give it all to us. ' b'Clegg speaks to proPR protesters in London' Pope accepts German Bishop's resignation for beating children, pedophilia probe underway. b'  The Need For Speed  Fantastic piece of crime reporting. Has everything drugs, beatings, motorcycle gang called the Nomads, whistleblower whose wife was gangboss's nanny, cleaner, and tester of amphetaminesn' b'Palestinians agree to new peace talks with Israel ' b'South Korea finds North sank ship, paper says' Yesterday, on May 7, Canada's Supreme Court held that a journalist's right to keep sources confidential is not absolute but must be balanced with other public interest rights. Train operators accused of 'astronomical' fare rises b'Ash cloud closes 19 Spanish airports, could spread' b'I knew they wouldn't suspect an under18 for voting Tory, he said.' b'The earthquake in Qinghai  nFrom whence cometh my help' b'Vladimir Putin snubs Britain and US over VE Day celebrations ' b'Palestinian Leaders Approve Peace Talks With Israel' Scotland moves toward vote on independence Are They Really Religious?  


An Egyptian author denounces aggressive, superficial Islamic piety. Policemen insist on sacred right to grow beards, yet torture and abuse detainees. Hospital staff abandon patients in intensive care to pray Japanese Ship Violates Shark Fishing Ban  The fishing vessel has been fined $125,000, Marshall Islands officials said, in the 1st levy of its kind in the territory's waters Insult to WWII heroes Graves of British troops smashed and desecrated by Libyan Islamists in protest over U.S. soldiers' Koran burning
 Why The SuperRich Love The UK  


The UK has a gigantic sign hanging over it saying, 'Rich People! Come and Live Here! You Won't Have to Pay Any Tax!' It is an extraordinary policy for any developed nation 2  Missing as Fire Guts Antarctic Research Station  Brazilian navy says fire destroyed the entire station, & is still not under control Nato has withdrawn all its personnel from Afghan ministries Vatican eyes 1,500yearold Bible held in Turkish capital Ordinary Russians train to observe presidential vote  Since the Russian parliamentary election in December, which was widely seen as fraudulent, thousands of people have been volunteering to monitor the presidential vote on 4 March.  Antipiracy group Antipiratbyrn make good on its threats to take filesharing sites offline in Sweden. During the last 48hrs, police in Sweden and the Netherlands swooped on key staff and hardware connected to a longstanding private BitTorrent tracker Kim Jong Um threatens powerful retaliatory strike  China faces political pressure as it considers sending 30 refugees back to North Korea.  Ai Weiwei declares Police in China can do whatever they want; after 81 days in arbitrary detention you clearly realise that they dont have to obey their own laws, Ai says when I finally sit down with the burly, bearded artist in a room adjoining his home studio. Zimbabwe HIVpositive maid laces child's porridge with menstrual blood  72 yr old Nepalese Pensioner crowned world's shortest man. Britain leads dash to explore for oil in wartorn Somalia | World news | The Observer A strong earthquake has struck southern Taiwan France bans the use of 'mademoiselle' in official documents after advocacy campaign by French feminist organisations Dare To Be Feminist and The Watchdogs. Human chain formed by thousands during AntiPutin protest
 G20 inches toward $2 trillion in rescue funds  Tibet Does China care what other countries have to say? China is quick to censor discussion about Tibet inside its own borders. Colombia's FARC to free captives, stop kidnapping for ransom One dead, dozens trapped in Ontario train derailment Malaysian protest over rare earths refinery plan Rising oil costs strain debtridden Europe US Soldier 'Kills 16' Afghans In Their Homes At least 14 youths have been stoned to death in Baghdad in the past three weeks in what appears to be a campaign by Shiite militants against youths wearing Westernstyle emo clothes and haircuts In secular Britain, a clash over public prayer 'The move to ban public prayers in tiny town... has erupted into a national proxy fight over whether Christianity should still hold a privileged place in a modern, diverse and now highly secular society.' New Israeli air strike kills 12yearold in Gaza, death toll reaches 17 Appetite for shark fin soup 'causing decline of blue sharks in UK waters'  
Blue shark population off UK coast is targeted by fisherman using wall of death method, before being sent to Asia Groundbreaking Trial Against Big Tobacco Starts in Montreal Monday Moebius died...How Sad... Turns out, remains found in Mexico cave are part of a preHispanic cemetery dating back some 1,300 years (With Photos) 17 civilians killed in Afghan Kandahar province Afghanistan's Karzai calls shooting spree intentional murders  UN Powerless to Force Protection of Great Barrier Reef   Says it's entirely up to Australia ProEuropean left sweeps Slovak vote, targets rich Legalising gay marriage unjustified, say archbishops Fake Facebook profile used for spying... Scots offer to send water to aid droughthit England, but there are huge logistical issues to be overcome before it can happen  Iceland will either adopt the euro after joining the European Union or drop the krona and unilaterally adopt another currency as 'the situation can't remain unchanged,' said Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir. A new chapter unfolds in the fight against Big Tobacco My 130 Days In The Hands Of alQaeda's African Monsters, By Former Hostage The killing of British hostage Chris McManus in Nigeria is a wakeup call to the threat posed by Islamic militants in Africa, warns former kidnap victim Robert R Fowler Concordia University to lose $2 million in funding Egyptian army doctor cleared over 'virginity tests' on women activists Life and death under Syria's military onslaught Syria's Assad meets Annan, but gives little ground GCHQ civilian staff face war crimes charge over drone strikes in Pakistan Shabab and Ethiopian troops clash in Somalia  Scores dead as alShabab and Ethiopian army engage in a threehourlong gun battle in Yurkud, close to nations' border. A military court on Sunday acquitted an army doctor who had been accused of performing forced virginity tests on women detained by soldiers when they broke up a street protest a year ago. Up to 20,000 demonstrators have gathered in central Moscow to demand Vladimir Putin's resignation and protest against electoral fraud What country jails the most journalists? 
If you guessed China, you were close, but no cigar. 27 reporters are in prison there. If you guessed Iran, youre getting warmer 42 in prison therebut youre still off.   
How many of you guessed Turkey?
 UK Homelessness rise of 14% 'just tip of iceberg'. Charities say figure fails to capture huge numbers who are living with friends, in hostels or on streets. The dirty war on WikiLeaks | Media smears suggest Swedish complicity in a Washingtondriven push to punish Julian Assange China's J20 Stealth Fighter Is Already Doing A Whole Lot More Than Anyone Expected Radioactive plutonium spread tens of kilometres from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant. The distances at this material was found implies that plutonium was ejected during the hydrogen explosions in the first days of the crisis. Spanish changes are scientific suicide Spain no longer has a ministry of science. In 2011, its new govt transferred national science policy to the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness Afghan woman joins patriarchy from under a turban Dressing as a man has helped this female tribal leader rise to power.
 Israel airstrikes target Gaza, killing at least 12 Spain's unions call general strike over labour laws Did A Pirate TV Stream Save Lives During The Japan Tsunami? ... minutes after the first vibrations of the earthquake, a middle school boy in Hiroshima started up a UStream channel to broadcast an illegal, pirate stream of NHK News' The undertaker, Atsushi Chiba, a father of five who cared for almost 1,000 bodies in Kamaishi, has now become an unlikely hero in a community trying to heal its wounds a year after the massive earthquake and tsunami that ravaged much of Japans northeastern coast Taliban demand the immediate release of Osama bin Laden's widows, threaten attacks in Pakistan For Afghan Policewomen, Sex Abuse Is A Job Hazard British hostage killed in failed Nigeria rescue  Israel kills 10 Palestinian militants in Gaza strikes Remains of 167 People Found in Mexican Cave Thousands protest outside Hungary's parliament calling for ouster of the Prime Minister & his centerright govt, which they accuse of undermining democratic values & weakening the economy Britain can no longer ignore that its influence on the world is shrinking amid the rise of developing nations, a panel of senior lawmakers said Thursday [8 Mar 2012]...The group also said Britain should prepare for looser ties with the United States as the U.S. shifts its focus from western Europe Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez betrayed the FARC to appease generals and to prevent the extradition of drug trafficker Walid Makled to the United States, according to new documents leaked by WikiLeaks.   The Islamic World's Quiet Revolution  
Forget politics. Muslim countries are poised to experience a new wave of change  but this time it's all about demographics. Expert witnesses accused of 'industrial scale perjury' 'We Need a Bond Between Companies and Workers'  Berthold Huber is leader of Germany's powerful IG Metall union, which represents metal workers. He talks about the rise of worker exploitation in Germany and how unions helped prevent a doubledip recession. How India Became America  NYTimes.com Italian tanker ship runs aground in stormy seas off Sicily; helicopters rescuing crew of 19  The Washington Post Indian Govt uses special powers to slash cancer drug price by 97% Dangerous Ignorance The Hysteria of Kony 2012 British stroke victim wins right to ask for euthanasia. China cracks down on human trafficking, freeing 24,000 abducted women and children in 2011 The alleged rape of a 16yearold Muslim girl was captured on video by one of the soldiers and has been passed around Thailands newsrooms and military offices where some have made the galling and insulting comment that perhaps the girl didnt resist enough. Dr. Jacques Brs, a 71year old French surgeon, smuggled himself into Homs, Syria, to treat the wounded in a makeshift hospital. Rebekah Brooks arrested Fighting the failed War on Drugs Bolivia's Evo Morales defends right to chew coca leafWe are not drug addicts when we consume the coca leaf. Nicolas Sarkozy 'received 42 million from Muammar Gaddafi for 2007 election' Russia says it will keep selling weapons to Syria Australia Passes Controversial Nuclear Waste Bill  

Radioactive material set to be dumped in remote Aboriginal community, despite ongoing court case into legality of proposal Syrian troops have planted landmines along routes used by people fleeing the country's violence and trying to reach neighbouring Turkey, an international human rights group has said.  Police Arrest Murdoch Deputy Rebekah Brooks And Husband  The Daily Beast 45,000 caught cheating at Britain's universities Syria laying landmines along the border on routes where refugees have fled Nightmare Zoo in Indonesia Shaken When Giraffe Dies With BeachballSized Wad of Plastic in its Belly  Tigers are emaciated & the 180 pelicans packed so tightly they can't unfurl their wings. New attention now focused on scandalous conditions at largest zoo. (With Photos) 'Enemies of the internet' named Colonel Gaddafi 'gave French President  Nicolas Sarkozy 42million to fund his 2007 election campaign' Lockdown London The 2012 Olympic Games will see the UK's biggest mobilisation of military and security forces since the second world war. A mosque near Brussels was attacked with Molotov cocktails and its imam died trying to extinguish the flames, Belgian newspapers reported late Monday. Russia sees 'no reason' to halt weapon support for Syria Polish Nuclear Dreams Threaten Ties with Germany China gives Japan nod to buy $10bn (6.4bn) of government bonds as Beijing tries to create a more international role for its currency Billions in cash flees Afghanistan, economy threatened The Fertility Implosion  A woman in Oman today has 5.6 fewer babies than a woman in Oman 30 years ago. Morocco, Syria and Saudi Arabia have seen fertilityrate declines of nearly 60 percent, and in Iran its more than 70 percent. These are among the fastest declines in recorded history. Bradley Manning's treatment was cruel and inhuman, UN torture chief rules Honduras Invites Colombia and Mexico to Join Drug Legalization Debate  U.S. Faces Challenge to Drug War as Latin American Countries Mull Decriminalization, Legalization Afghan civilian deaths spark calls for U.S. exit Swiss voters reject 6 weeks of paid vacation In Kenya, a group of young Maasai warriors formed a cricket team with big hopes to promote healthy living, to spread awareness about HIV/AIDS and women's issues, and ultimately to become role models in their community and ambassadors for both the Maasai and Kenya. Afghans vow vengeance for soldier's killing spree  Kim Dotcom Many Megaupload Users at the US Gov't South Korea's Unification Plan 'No One Wants to Just Swallow Upthe North'  Is it possible that Korea will ever reunite? People in the South firmly believe it will happen  and are even starting to save up money for the massive costs it would entail Sarkozy threatens 'to close' France's borders Frances Sarkozy vows to pull France out of Europes 25nation visafree zone unless border controls are tightened to prevent illegal immigrants from sneaking in to find jobs Rioter who attacked Malaysian student during London Riots jailed for seven years
 Jewish settlers agree to evacuate West Bank outpost Researchers in Florence say they are one step closer to proving a lost masterpiece by Leonardo da Vinci, The Battle of Anghiari, is painted on a hidden wall in a cavity in Florence's town hall, where it has remained unseen for five centuries. 'This Debate Will No Longer be Suppressed' Legalizing Drugs Breaks Into the Mainstream  Christians have no right to wear cross at work, says Government  Telegraph Afghans 'out of patience' after Kandahar massacre Chinese Mighty Dragon doomed to breathe Russian fire A newlybuilt section of a highspeed rail line has collapsed in China's central Hubei province following heavy rain, state media reports. The 1% Recovery  While the financial crisis hurt the top 1 percent more than anyone else, their recovery has been spectacular  while everyone else has languished. UK Wants Renewable Energy Target Scrapped  

Fledgling green industries could be hit as document reveals move to rebrand nuclear power as a renewable form of energy Aer Lingus apologises over language tests for passenger UK Foreign Secretary sued over US drone strikes in Pakistan The scientist who blew the whistle on stratospheric ozone destruction (won a nobel prize in 1995) died this weekend. China may send its first woman into space Moroccans demand change to Islamic penal code after a girl kills herself because judge forced her to marry her rapist Man called police after finding pornographic images on his laptop after trying to download music. Social services banned him from having unsupervised access to his child while police investigated... Ban was finally lifted The Pirate Party, which made international headlines after its success in state elections in Berlin last year, stands to make gains in two other German states this spring. The party's pledge to foster transparency and participation is resonating with voters who are fed up with local corruption.  Lost Boy Uses Google Earth to Find His Way Home After 25 Years Colombia to Enact Drug Decriminalization The govt of Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos is preparing legislation that will set personal dose amounts for drugs that will allow for their possession without the possibility of arrest or prosecution. The Guardian obtained 3000 messages from alAsaad's email account.  Iran advised him on how to handle the uprising against his rule. And Qatar offered him exile  Kony 2012 video screening met with anger in northern Uganda Officials in China's Ministry of Health recently admitted to harvesting organs from death row inmates, ending years of denials about the practice. It is estimated that twothirds of the country's total organ transplants come from executed prisoners 50 NGOs urge Pakistan to free Christian mother  from execution on charge of Blasphemy  We refuse to accept that this mother of five children will continue to languish in her putrid, stifling, freezing cell for so long  especially without the right to see her children. French police use tear gas on steelworkers worried about job losses, as they tried to force their way toward the headquarters of President Sarkozy's reelection campaign Syria setting border mines to stop refugee flight Ugandan Gay Rights Group Sues Scott Lively, a U.S. Evangelist  NYTimes.com Illegal Fishing Straining West Africa   Recognized as one of the world's richest fisheries grounds teeming with snapper, grouper, sardines, mackerel & shrimp, it's losing up to $1.5 billion worth of fish annually to vessels in protected zones or without proper equipment or licenses
 Iran loses access to SWIFT  Nato Must Quit Afghan Villages  President Karzai tells Nato to pull back to bases Suspect in Afghan massacre flown out of country, and will not face justice in Afghanistan. Norwegian Hercules plane vanishes en route to Sweden Afghans seethe at lack of US reaction to massacre UK Teen Charged Over Dead Soldiers Facebook Post '... teenager will appear in court for allegedly making comments on Facebook about the deaths of six British soldiers in Afghanistan.' China Sacks Key Leadership Contender  One of Chinas most charismatic westernstyle politicians has been sacked in rare political scandal In a historic judgment, the International Criminal Court convicts Thomas Lubango Dyilo of recruiting children into armed conflict Bo Xilai a stunning & highly public fall from grace in China
 
The senior Communist Party official, was abruptly dismissed amid scandal, ending his ambition of a top post. His removal could complicate a key year of political transition in China.  Egypt Armed Bedouins are besieging the UN peacekeeper camp in Sinai Court Convicts Congo Warlord Of Using Child Soldiers Canadian women 'molested by female US border guards,' lawsuit alleges Israel is planning to demolish 'illegal' solar panels that are the only source of electricity for Palestinians in West Bank villages Moroccan girl commits suicide after being forced by judge to marry her rapist. French Surgeon, 71, Saves Lives in Syria  Dr. Jacques Brs, a veteran of war zones, left his comfortable Paris life last month to smuggle himself into Homs, the center of the Syrian revolt, to tend to the wounded and the sick.  Encyclopedia Britannica halts print publication after 244 years Russia to finally send man to the Moon Argentina's Supreme Court unanimously decriminalized abortion for rape victims In a break with his past positions, Guatemala's president now wants to decriminalise drugs  and not just marijuana. Switzerland bus crash 'kills 28, including 22 children' Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao democracy in China is 'inevitable' 
Teenager arrested for antiwar comments made on Facebook page Tsunami alert as 6.8 earthquake hits Japan Hundreds of bodies found in German University. A 12yearold girl was arrested in Greece today after she tried to sell her baby to undercover police officers, Athens News reported. The baby was 10weeksold. Chinese Premier Wen says China needs political reform, warns of another Cultural Revolution if without London Metropolitan Police officers assaulted a 16yearold boy with severe autism by forcing him into handcuffs and leg restraints during a school trip, the High Court has ruled. Canada to Allow Foreign Ownership for Small Telecoms The Syrian story of truth and reality Taking To The Streets  


Fabric of Greek democracy is unravelling. Savage cuts imposed by Europe. Politicians impotent, dismissed, loathed. Bailout or not, the political system is finished. Country stands on verge of radical social change China possibly purchasing Russian SU35 fighter because of problems with their own J20 Stealth fighter. Reports have surfaced that at least one of the J20 prototypes uses a Russian borrowed engine. Iran's parliament grilled President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Wednesday over a long list of accusations, including that he mismanaged the nation's economy and defied the authority of the country's supreme leader. Putin Promises Science Boost, but Russian Researchers Skeptical of Ambitious Schemes  Young scientists here have basically no opportunity to make ties with colleagues from N. America, Europe or Asia. It's a sad & stupid situation,  says a scientist in St Petersburg.  ExMurdoch scribe claims editor told me to bribe police Congo warlord Thomas Lubanga convicted of using child soldiers The recent death of 5 prematurely born children in German city, Bremen due to infections acquired in the hospital has strengthened fears among environmental and health experts that massive use of antibiotics in industrial livestock farming is creating extremely resistant bacteria As Syrians flee the increasing violence, and as government forces increase intensity of their crackdown, many refugees are discovering that Syrian forces have planted antipersonnel mines along the border  making their escape extremely dangerous. French Senator wants to ban child pageants and certain types of children's clothing. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is planning to run for a seat in the Australian Senate. Destroy all churches 'If the pope called for the destruction of all the mosques in Europe, the uproar would be cataclysmic... On March 12, the grand mufti of Saudi Arabia, declared that it is necessary to destroy all the churches of the region.'  France bans strain of Monsanto GM maize Suicide of 16yearold girl forced to marry rapist prompts angry protest by Moroccan women Russia plans manned moon shot by 2030  UK petrol station CCTVs will check insurance/tax status before you are allowed to fill up Chile Protesters Demanding Education Rights Met With Tear Gas, Water Cannons Protesters reject 2tiered education system, demand free, quality education for all Police plans to fire rubber bullets in London ... senior officers wanted to fire rubber bullets at rioters in south London last summer  but firearms specialists could not reach the trouble spots in time. The Met has now promised to make more agile use of the weapons. France Bans Growing of Genetically Modified Monsanto Corn. Private papers released for the first time reveal a meeting kept secret and denied between Margaret Thatcher and Rupert Murdoch over his bid to buy the Times newspapers. WikiLeaks' Julian Assange to run for Australian Senate Osama bin Laden ordered cells in Afghanistan and Pakistan to shoot down a plane carrying Barack Obama and Gen David Petraeus, it was reported on Friday. The Vatican has launched an internal, criminal investigation into the leaks of confidential documents that alleged corruption and financial mismanagement and exposed power struggles among Holy See officials, a Vatican prelate said Saturday. Moroccans Slam Law Allowing Rapist To Marry Victim Iraq'a Sadr movement says it frees US soldier  Followers of Iraqi Shia cleric Moqtada alSadr handed over a captive American soldier to the United Nations alive on Saturday, two senior officials in Sadr's movement have said. Coptic Pope Shenouda III of Alexandria and Patriarch of Saint Mark Diocese died on Saturday at the age of 88
 'Nazi guard' John Demjanjuk dies Bombings of two secret police HQ's heralds beginnings of a new stage of Syrian insurgency   Swedish feminists bare pits to 'reclaim the hair'  Some forty Swedish women gathered at a Malm square in the afternoon on Thursday, taking a stand against the recent internet storm vilifying women's hairy armpits. Letter from China The Chinese Campaign Gets Dirty  Bo Xilai, perhaps the Communist Party's most charismatic politician, has been forced out of his job as Party secretary in Chongqing without explanation or warning.  Haiti and Cuba sign deal for Cuban technicians to help repair government truck and bus fleets China poised to limit use of mental hospitals to curb dissent  Chinese lawmakers are drawing up laws that would spell out when people can be confined to psychiatric hospitals against their will. Profile Pope Shenouda III of Alexandria Israeli Budget Reinforces Discrimination Against 1948 Palestinians