 Chinese official proposes death penalty as deterrent to government corruption amounting to about $100,000 or greater.  New Chevron Oil Leak Off Coast of Brazil  Just 5 months after Chevron lost its drilling rights for causing the largest oil spill in recent memory off the coast of Rio de Janeiro, they've gone &  done it again Shell admits to at least 207 oil spills in 2011 A Jewish man wins his fight against a German museum for the return of thousands of rare posters stolen from his father by the Nazis in 1938. UK would not help Israel attack Iran, Prime Minister David Cameron says Afghan President Hamid Karzai lashed out at the United States on Friday [17 March 2012], saying he is at the 'end of the rope' because of the lack of U.S. cooperation into a probe of a killing spree allegedly carried out by an American soldier. Putin's Fabled Tiger Encounter was PR Stunt, Say Environmentalists  He allegedly came face to face with a wild tiger, but bloggers now say it was set up. According to local & Moscowbased environmentalists, the tiger, named Serga, was taken from a zoo & driven to a nature reserve. Moroccans call for end to rapemarriage laws  Africa  Al Jazeera English Friends no more? Egypts MPs declare Israel No. 1 enemy In emails, the nuclear physicist at one of Europe's most celebrated laboratories railed about a need to punish Western governments for allegedly antiMuslim wars in Iraq and Afghanistan  and conferred with an alleged alQaida contact about possible assassination or bombing plots. Syrian armed forces desertion said to surge to 60,000 (Businessweek) A Moroccan government minister on Thursday called for changes to a law that allows a rapist to marry his victim to escape prosecution, after a teenager who was forced into such a marriage killed herself last week by drinking rat poison.  Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams to stand down A Swiss couple held captive for nearly a year by the Taliban in Pakistan turned up at an army post close to the Afghan border on Thursday, claiming to have escaped from their captors, the Pakistani army said. They were swiftly flown to safety by the military. Something is rotten here O'Dwyer's extradition to US approved Argentina is intensifying its campaign to block oil development in the Falkland Islands, announcing on Thursday it will pursue administrative, civil and criminal penalties against the dozens of companies involved. You wouldn't expect it in light of the resurgent German debate about the willingness of young Muslims to integrate into mainstream society, but integration in Germany is actually faring better than expected.  Canada Considers Fate of Arctic Explorer's Ship  It may repatriate the Norwegian 3mast ship, visible above the frigid waters. Roald  Amundsen was the 1st European to sail through the Northwest Passage searching for a shorter shipping route from Europe to Asia & the 1st to reach the South Pole.  North Korea's rocket launch would defy UN, despite just agreeing to halt weapons testing in exchange for food aid North Korean threatens weeks old treaty with planned satellite/Long range Missile launch  Ireland oil strike raises hopes for exploration boom  Providence Resources boss Tony O'Reilly Junior said 'I think this discovery also creates a reappraisal in the minds of global oil corporations about coming back to Irish waters to drill for oil'
 Moldova breaks political gridlock, elects president  Moldova's parliament elected a veteran judge who vowed to tackle rampant corruption as the country's new president on Friday, ending a threeyear hiatus that had delayed reform in the poor, exSoviet republic. More than 150 arrested after antibrutality protesters clash with police in Montreal North Korea says it will launch longrange rocket carrying satellite Acclaimed Public Radio International program has retracted an entire episode about working conditions inside Foxconn, the Chinese manufacturer that builds much of Apple's most popular hardware, after learning the NPR reporter partially fabricated information about his visit to the factories b'Christians in Jerusalem want Jews to stop spitting on them ' Israeli high court rules that village in the supposedly Palestinian controlled West Bank be demolished, 'settlements' are to be developed in the area b'Israeli forces are carrying out a policy of shooting at the legs of peaceful demonstrators. Defense minister Yitzak Rabin ordered his soldiers to break the bones of young protesters.' b'Tens of thousands of U.S. guns missing in Afghanistan' b'Luo Ping, a directorgeneral at the China Banking Regulatory Commission, We hate you guys. Once you start issuing $1 trillion$2 trillion. . .we know the dollar is going to depreciate, so we hate you guys but there is nothing much we can do.' b'Aussie films house burning down, says I lost everything, but I saved me dog and that's all I was worried about and sets off to help his neighbours' b'Dutch MP and antiIslam filmmaker banned from entering UK' b'3 women kidnap, gangrape man for 4 days in Karachi, Pakistan' b'Amazon selling rape game' Belief in evolution In 2008 14% of people agreed that 'man evolved over millions of years', up from 9% in 1982. Only Turkey is less accepting of the theory than USA.  b'$550 Billion Dollar Bank Run  Collapse Of The Entire World Economy In 24 hours' Venezuela's Chavez reports attempted Coup against his palace  he says  by the U.S b'Putin warns US about socialism Excessive intervention in economic activity and blind faith in the state's omnipotence is another possible mistake.' b'A Dutch MP who called the Koran a fascist book is to be sent back to the Netherlands after attempting to defy a ban on entering the UK. ' Pakistan has admitted for the first time that the November attacks on India's financial hub Mumbai, in which 179 people died, were partly planned in Pakistan. b'Key ingredients of Thai food declared Hazardous' b'Spirit of Sixties revived as student protests at links with Israel spread  The Scotsman' b'Pakistan acknowledged for the first time that the Mumbai terrorist attacks were launched from its shores' b'Hampshire College Becomes First College In The United States To Divest from the Israeli Occupation!' b'Israeli Election U.S. Declares Support For Any Israeli Government Formed' b'Out of control Russian satellite collides with US communications satellite; debris pose possible threat to ISS and other satellites' Sexual violence during the Armenian genocide The Turks cut off their victims' genitals, made them march naked, or circumcised Armenian men they had forcibly converted to Islam b'Pakistan admits India attack link' b'Scientists studying the DNA of Neanderthals say they can find no evidence that this ancient species ever interbred with modern humans' b'US military faulted on weapons tracking. One third of all US arms to Afghanistan are at serious risk of theft or loss.' b'Anonymous Declares War on Australia' b'Two German freighters have successfully navigated the North East Passage along the northern coast of Russia. This is the first time it has been this icefree in 5,0007,000 years.' b'UN The world is overarmed and peace is underfunded with global military spending estimated at over $1 trillion and rising every day' b'For a Bounced Check in Dubai, the Penalty Can Be Years in Jail ' b'China uses fear to hush up poisoned children' b'Heart wrenching documentary about the Children of North Korea Children of the Secret State.' b'Ukraine President claims Kremlin is shielding his wouldbe killers' Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez has announced that the country will soon take delivery of Russian missiles with a range of 300km  Cousin had to retrieve Afghan reporter's body after raid The Arctic Monopoly Taking Stock of North Pole Riches  Oil and natural gas are luring the major powers to the Arctic. More information is available today than ever before about the location and abundance of the region's riches. The seductive lure of Mexico's drug lords Hundreds of tax inspectors raid Argentina's largest newspaper b'British police to investigate MI6, the secret intelligence service, over alleged complicity in torture' b'Vladimir Putin, Russias prime minister, dropped his strongest hint so far on Friday that he might try to return to the Kremlin and run in the 2012 presidential election.' b'Fidel Castro loses his righthandman as Juan Almeida Bosque dies from fatal heart attack' b'Colombia shows videos of hostages held 11 years' b'Harrow Mosque Muslim Riot' b'Samoa just became the first country since the 1970s to switch to driving on the opposite side of the road.' b'Iran signals no compromise on nuclear issue' Canada scrambles at UN to save 'superagency' for women Bolivia's vicepresident defends MAS governments record b'Haiti and global family planning  The Birth of Global Family Planning' Israeli war film 'Lebanon' wins Golden Lion in Venice b'Before your read this article, please consider that only three percent of those at Abu Gharib were detained by American intelligence The rest were reported by corrupted Iraqi and Afghani groups. The burning for AbuGharib is a victory for freedom, not the other way around.' b'Former presidents of Mexico, Colombia and Brazil called Wednesday for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in tactics on the war on drugs' b'Woman politician quits over nude photos' b'A former head of MI5 has accused the government of exploiting the fear of terrorism and trying to bring in laws that restrict civil liberties. ' b'Israel seizes West Bank land ' b'Israel engaged in covert war inside Iran report' Against Guilt by Association  NZ's new copyright law would allow the copyright mafia to kick you off the net without any proof of wrongdoing Not your favourite employer You're on a business trip, end up in a plane crash, in freezing water, survive, and then your employer asks you to pay for the flight because you didn't make your business meeting... b'France admits it sent Jews to the gas chambers during Second World War' b'Another Ponzi Scheme The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged Robert Allen Stanford and three of his companies for orchestrating a fraudulent, multibillion dollar investment scheme centering on an $8 billion CD program' b'Russian Gen. Makhmut Gareyev Nothing can be done in Afghanistan using military means, he says. If the Americans go on with the policy they have now, it will be useless.' b'Anger and pain of survivors at trial of Pol Pot's Killing Fields chief torturer' If you get a ton of explosives fired at you, and they don't explode, it doesn't belong to you A large stockpile of unexploded Israeli ordnance has disappeared in Gaza  Hamas accused of theft! b'Wikileaks releases NATO report on civilian deaths' b'Monsanto and EU Foiled' b'Britain Police will not be prosecuted for Jean Charles de Menezes killing' b'Entire South African Airways Crew Arrested For Drug Smuggling Twice In One Month' b'Afghan civilian casualty rate at highest since Taliban rule' b'Man dedicates his life to stopping the killing of albinos in Tanzania' b'Israel engaged in covert war inside Iran report' b' U.N. Tamil Tiger rebels are recruiting child soldiers in Sri Lanka' b'High Price of Illegal Ivory in Viet Nam Threatens the Few Surviving Elephants in Indochina' Antiterror tactics 'weaken law' b'UN Afghan civilian deaths a record high in 2008' b'Another U.S. Sponsored Catastrophe The Nightmare in Somalia' b'Mexican Drug Gangs Terrorize Town, Police Force' b'Mexico just discovered oil 3.8 times its present known reserves, and half that of the Saudis There goes your Electric vehicle progress.' b'UK It is now illegal to photograph the police, despite the fact that they use increasingly aggressive techniques to record citizens' b'Israel launches air strikes on Gaza' b'China closes Tibet to foreigners' b'Two US missile strikes in Pakistan in three days kill more than 60' b'Maddow graphic warning, Gitmo Guard, I feel Ashamed of What I Did' b'Former UK politician convicted to jail over accepting bribes from Berlusconi  Berlusconi in no trouble because he enacted a law to give himself immunity' b'Pakistan Gives Up Swat Valley to Taliban' b'Tonnes of toxic waste from municipal dumps in the West are being dumped illegally in countries like Nigeria and Ghana, an investigation has found.' b'Italy unmoved by Berlusconi bribe case ' b'Dubai Real Estate Crash. Lindsey Williams was Right !!' b'What is Israel up to?  Sudanese rebel leader meets with Israeli spies' AIDS was the leading cause of death in the People's Republic of China last year amongst infectious disease b'Stop religious persecution in Iran' b'Israel is covertly at war with Iran!' b'Hundreds of Mexicans blocked roads and bridges into US in protest of army operations against drug gangs' b'Medea Benjamin  The Photo from Gaza that Haunts Me' Bush's Billion dollar aid to Pakistan to fight Taliban and al qaeda goes down in drain. They are now more powerful. Bristol Palin abstinenceonly teaching doesn't work b'Bleak outlook for bombed Gaza Zoo' b'Clerics urge new jihad over Gaza' b'Hezbollah Murdering Rivals in Lebanon CheckMate, Lebanon has no future. ' b'Border crossings to Mexico closed by protests' Guatemala has apologised to Cuba for his country's role in the failed USbacked invasion at the Bay of Pigs in 1961 b'Louisiana passes a bill that may allow creationism to be taught in public schools.  Result a major bio conference boycotts New Orleans.' b'Houston we have a problem... The crash of two satellites has generated an estimated tens of thousands of pieces of space junk that could circle Earth and threaten other satellites for the next 10,000 years' b'Yes, I know that the Jews of Europe had no Hamas to provide the Nazis with an excuse for their deaths. But a Palestinian woman and her child are as worthy of life as a Jewish woman and her child on the back of a lorry in Auschwitz.' b'Toronto Middleaged man randomly shove teens into oncoming subway train' 'PostWar Myths' The Logic Behind the Destruction of Dresden b'Insane Hindu zealots attack innocent couples enjoying their Valentines Day in India.' b'The maverick MP George Galloway knows how to get attention. This time, however, he is doing it by leading a milelong convoy of aid trucks all the way from London to Gaza.' b'Dubai crash is real  stock exchange down 75%' b'People are now more afraid of their financial adviser than of alQaida.' b'Iran is unknown and misunderstood' b'UK Police sell 60p criminal records for 70 each!  18Million/year RACKET.' b'Saudi king appoints first woman to a ministerial post' b'Dissident blogger Xu Lai, aka ProState in Flames, is stabbed in Beijing' b'Swiss Hate Crime on Brazilian A Hoax Police' Hamburg Man Convicted of 'Honor' Killing of Sister Said he objected to the schoolgirl's way of life, clothes, attempts to escape her family. b'Israel puts terms on Gaza truce' b'Three decades after the fall of Pol Pot, the first trial of the leaders of his genocidal Khmer Rouge regime is to begin Tuesday before a U.N.backed tribunal' b'They were stuffing cash in pizza boxes and making payoffs by filling paper sacks scattered in dead drops in the Green Zone' b'Anne Frank guardian Miep Gies turns 100' b'Found Robert Mugabes secret bolthole in the Far East' b'Mystery cop saved 200 lives from Victoria fires' b'  t  Shahar Peer denied entry to Dubai ' b'Drug firm GSK vows to do less evil and to help the developing world.' b'Pakistan embassy in Washington says no foreign bases in country' b'74yearold Army doc deployed to Afghanistan' b'South Korea to complete missile defence by 2012' b'Chavez wins reform to the constitution of Venezuela  No more term limits for presidents' b'Octopus escapes, survives 5 days on the run. ' In a direct challenge to Obama's wishes, Israel confiscates land of a Palestinian plumber to expand Israeli Settlements. b'Borat Would be Proud!  Scientology Banned in Kazakhstan' Crude oil is getting cheaper  so why isn't gas? b'Pakistan government agrees to implement Taliban law across a large swath of northwest Pakistan.' b'Theft of our freedom to grow our own food  infuriating' b'Japanese economy crashes worst contraction since 1974' Who's your daddy? 13yearold 'dad' might not be the dad  as it turns out the mother is the village bike  everyone's had a ride South Africa's best and brightest are leaving in growing numbers b'Nuclear submarines collide in ocean' b'Pirate Bay copyright test case begins in Sweden' b'Former Gitmo Guard Talks  (Please share your thoughts on there, I think there is censoring in the comments section) ' b'Nuclear submarines collide in the Atlantic' Gaza population 'rising rapidly'. Again. Still. b'Honeybees under attack on all fronts' b'UK New fight to stop mass fluoridation. Should an entire nation be medicated to help a few?' North Korea has celebrated the 67th birthday of its 'heavenmade commander' Kim Jongil.  b'Saudi Arabia appoints its first female minister, moves away from ultraconservatism' b'Airstrike Kills 31 in Pakistan' b'Palestinian Authority Chairman Abbas rejects renewal of peace talks until Israel halts illegal settlement activities' b'Iranian bioweapon researcher dies suspiciously' b'Mexico police buy Israeli air surveillance systems' b'Satellite debris possibly falling over Texas sonic booms, fireballs' b'Israel takes control of more West Bank land' Every reference to the Great Barrier Reef removed from UN report on impact of climate change after intervention from Australian government. Denmark to stop paying salary to royal family grandchildren 'Simple mathematics dictate that there needs to be some sort of limit. Otherwise within a few generations there will be several hundred princes and princesses who need an annual salary,' says a ruling party spokesman Mass sexual assault reported at music festival in Germany The attacks are similar to those reported in Cologne and other cities on New Year's Eve. North Korea tries and fails to launch missile In the last 17 months, 2234 Indians get HIV via blood transfusions Chinese Official China has no interest in any form of cold war, nor are we interested in playing a role in a Hollywood movie written and directed by certain US military officials Egypt in shock at first female circumcision death reported in 3 years France bans work emails outside office hours Australia to lift minimum wage by 2.4%, an increase to $17.70 per hour EU court adviser Employers can ban Muslim headscarf Several NSW Police officers have been savaged in court for allegedly grabbing the breasts and neck of an antiReclaim Australia protester, then covering their actions up by deleting evidence, making up a false charge against her, lying under oath and attacking her in court. Angela Merkel's 'hasty' approach to TTIP trade deal condemned by the German ViceChancellor 'If the Americans hold fast to this position, we don't need the free trade treaty. And TTIP will fail,' says ViceChancellor Sigmar Gabriel Syphilis, gonorrhea cases up among all ages in Canada  Health Egyptian President pledges justice for Christian mother beaten and stripped by mob S. Korea detects signs North preparing missile launch Nearly 46 Million People Trapped in Modern Slavery, Report Finds A court in Saudi Arabia sentenced a member of an independent human rights organization to eight years in prison in the latest guilty verdict to be issued against the group's members, rights group Amnesty International said Malaysia just established a one million hectare marine park off the northern tip of Borneo it's a region containing the second largest concentration of coral reefs in Malaysia as well as other important habitats like mangroves, sea grass beds and productive fishing grounds SausageWielding Extremists Attack Vegan Cafe In Tbilisi Solid gold, diamondencrusted, $5,000,000 Maltese Eagle stolen in Vancouver Sweden struggles with first gender balance shift in 267 years Migrant crisis is fueling sex trafficking of Nigerian girls to Europe ISIS slaughters 12 more Real Madrid fans in Iraq during Champions League final G7 nations pledge to end fossil fuel subsidies by 2025 Leaders of the UK, US, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and the EU urge all countries to join them in eliminating support for coal, oil and gas in a decade Hundreds of undamaged Fort McMurray homes declared unsafe due to toxic ash 'Huge wake up call' Third of central, northern Great Barrier Reef corals dead, scientists say IKEA vows to be net exporter of renewable energy by 2020  Worlds biggest furniture retailer says its going all in to have a net positive impact on the climate through renewable energy investment Harvard Scientist Engineers Superbug That Inhales CO2, Produces Energy Disabled people who cannot work must be given minimum wage  Prime Minister of Malta Turkey's Erdogan No Muslim family should engage in birth control Japan 'alert' for possible North Korea missile launch Four young Egyptians in custody for video making fun of the government Israeli police recommended bringing criminal charges against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's wife on suspicion of misuse of state funds and inflated household spending, Israeli media have said. Revealed cancer scientists' pensions invested in tobacco Philippine troops kill 54 Islamist militants in the south Australia covered up UN climate change fears for Tasmania forests and Kakadu Zika virus expectant mothers advised to avoid Rio Olympics Canadian special forces on the front lines with Kurdish forces aiming to retake Iraqi city from ISIL, U.S. says Lufthansa halts service to Venezuela British people are not demanding more transparency from the intelligence services as loudly as Americans, the former director of the US National Security Agency (NSA) and CIA has said. Mexico footballer Alan Pulido rescued after kidnapping FIFA president found $2 million pay 'insulting' report shows Malaysia's government throws support behind Islamic penal code that includes amputations and stonings ISIS Gunmen kill 12 Real Madrid fans as they watched the Champions League Final in Iraq Former Chad dictator Hissane Habre found guilty for crimes against humanity Iraqi terrorists attack another soccer fan club  12 dead, 8 injured A 27yearold American man has been given preliminary charges of attempted murder in an exceptionally violent attack on police in their patrol car that drew national attention, the Paris prosecutors office said Sunday. Turkey's Erdogan 'alarmed' by French crackdown on protests Turkish artillery and US jets heavily hit ISIL in Syria Armed squad kills 11 people in Venezuela b'If you buy into the Many Worlds Intepretation of quantum physics, there must be a parallel universe in which I crossed the US/Canada border ... In that other timeline I was not punched in the face, peppersprayed, shitkicked, handcuffed, thrown wet and halfnaked into a holding cell ...' b'Official The remains of Adolf Hitler were burned in 1970 by Soviet KGB agents and thrown into a river in Germany' b'Tony Blair admits I would have invaded Iraq  anyway' b'Dr Peter Watts, Canadian science fiction writer, beaten and arrested at US border' b'Swiss shoeshop owner builds mock minaret to defy ban' While they're trying to pass a law making it legal to kill gays, Uganda has passed another law banning female circumcision... b'Blair Iraq War was right even if there were no WMDs' For those of you who don't know Sudan is still fucked b'Free speech? Not in Canada... At the Winter Olympics in February officials will be patrolling city streets and venues, scouring for anythingpeople, protests, postersdeemed antiOlympics in order to protect the Olympic message ' b'Why I believe Blair should stand trial  and even face charges for war crimes, by General Sir Michael Rose.' b'On Dec. 1, two British High Court judges, Lord Justice Laws and Mr. Justice Owen, dealt what looked like the final blows to the British governments policies of imprisoning terror suspects without charge or trial on the basis of secret evidence ' b'BBC report on US marines operation Angry Cobra in Afghanistan. Strangely reminiscent of reports from Vietnam' b'The Considerate Taliban  12 news reports of separate air strike incidents since the start of the year in which the number of Taliban or insurgent casualties was reported to be 30, in most cases citing US military officials.... Not 29, not 31.... Thirty.' US Iraq jail an 'alQaeda school' Iranian men don hijabs in protest at student's arrest b'Copenhagen climate summit issue that no one dares to talk about.' b'Turkeys political elite is obsessed with joining the European Union. But senior players in the EU  in a rare moment of clarity amid their delusional fantasies of a federal Europe  are reluctant to let in a country which is increasingly hard to distinguish from the rest of the Islamic world.' b'Iraq awards international companiesnwith contracts to develop 10 of its oilfields.  See how it stacked up.' Journalist threated by UN Police and People who don't want Climategate questioned. b'British toff Lord Monckton confronts climate change Hitler Youth.  ' b'Officially sanctioned Islamic sharia court to be established in Wales  The principle of one law for all is now dead' b'Man jailed over Baby P death attacked in prison' FARC guerrilla leader 'Ivan Marquez' has an office in Caracas, Venezuela according to Ecuador's Truth and Transparency Commission. b'Pieces of old Paris, from lamp post to 40 iron steps from Eiffel Tower going on auction block' Tony Blair attacked over Iraq war 'justification' French MPs propose forcing supermarkets to hand over all unsold food to charity China Will Install More Solar This Year Than The U.S. Ever Has Isis persecution of Iraqi Christians has become genocide, says religious leaders The Islamic flag that was raised at a council estate in London has now been taken down by a Catholic nun and Muslims from the local area 'There is no place for hate in Tower Hamlets' 'If demands not met by Sunday, we will attack Tel Aviv,' says Hamas Turkish warplanes set to join US, bomb ISIS in Northern Iraq Government computers used to alter Wikipedia entries on high profile killings Nick Clegg (British Deputy Prime Minister) Calls for ending imprisonment for the possession of drugs for personal use A suspected case of Ebola has made it to Toronto Four new Ebola cases in Nigeria, all related to American who brought virus there Kurdish ground forces had opened a pathway off of Mt. Sinjar and helped some 10,000 people trapped there to safety US warns Russia against Ukraine invasion US official says any Russian intervention under the guise of providing humanitarian aid will be viewed as invasion. U.S. launches second round of air strikes against IS targets in Iraq. Ottawa refuses to let injured Gaza children into Canada for treatment Iraq supplies Kurds with ammunition in unprecedented move, U.S. says Islamic State persecution of Yazidi minority amounts to genocide, UN says ( video) Russia and China agree on currency swaps so that international trade between the two countries can be carried out without the dollar New Ukrainian rebel leader gives Moscow distance The Russian commanders are fleeing like rats, said Andrei, a 27yearold rebel in Donetsk. We had hoped for help from Moscow, we had expected Russian troops, but Russia betrayed us. U.S. jet fighters, drones strike ISIS fighters, convoys in Iraq Russia to 'restrict' USrun GPS satellites Ghana May Now Have Recorded Her First Case of Ebola Israel Destroyed 60 Gaza Mosques Ministry Palestinians death toll rises to at least 1,898 Iraq Muslim Jihadis Vow to Take Revenge on US Infidels for Isis Bombing Campaign Venice large ships and cruises have finally been banned from entering the canals. Obama authorizes targeted airstrikes in Iraq against Islamic militants, along with airdrops. Man found wandering in northern Maine IDd as Rwandan gnocidaire whom Canada says helped kill 200 in hospital in 94 Ebola is declared an international health emergency. US launches Iraq militant air strike Hamas breaks ceasefire, fires rockets at Israel. ISIS 'We Will Raise The Flag Of Allah In The White House' Russia bans anonymous public WiFi. Argentina sues US at top UN court over debt Hamas If Gaza blockade isn't lifted, we'll renew fire Friday Archbishop Hamas Fired Out of Our Church in Gaza Australia's 'cruel' asylum regime must end, say 190 experts China Irritated With Christianity, is Creating its Own Version First Ebola case suspected in Greece UK government announces plan to cut funding to schools that teach creationism; children as young as 2 must learn 'British values' Ukraine considers stopping all transit from Russia, including gas as form of sanctions  PM Kiev's Independence Square Is on Fire  Again Know your place you shameless woman, Erdoan tells journalist for The Economist American Forces Said to Bomb ISIS Targets in Iraq Britain's Deputy Prime Minister calls for 'Ending imprisonment for the possession of drugs for personal use' Iraqi Airstrikes kill 130 IS Militants in Mosul 14yearold girl reunited with her family after being swept away by tsunami 10 years ago Kurdish Pershmaga transport large amount of Yazidi refugees to safe areas of Kurdistan Israeli minister urges Germany and EU to send inspectors to Gaza Ebola scare reaches Delhi, India  3 under watch in Dwarka RAF planes to drop food aid in Iraq The Swedish government announced that it plans to remove all mentions of race from Swedish legislation, saying that race is a social construct which should not be encouraged in law. Uganda's constitutional court strikes down antihomosexuality law AsianAmerican couple held in Qatar for years as authorities refuse to believe their adopted African child is their own. Ebola 'spreading too fast'  WHO IDF soldier feared kidnapped in Gaza; ceasefire deal collapses  Diplomacy and Defense Student starts global class action against Facebook Austrian law student Max Schrems appealed to a billion Facebook users around the world on Friday to join a classaction lawsuit against Facebook's alleged violations of its users' privacy. US and UN Israel, Hamas agree to unconditional, 72hour humanitarian ceasefire to begin Fri. Judge rules seriously ill boy, 13, can be treated against mothers beliefs Worlds Park Rangers Murdered in Widespread Bush War  War underway in forests, grasslands & mountains  rangers against poachers. If rangers win, tigers, elephants, lions, leopards, rhinos & orangutans will survive. If the poachers win, these key mammals, many other species & the rangers won't. US calls Hamas attack 'barbaric' violation of Gaza ceasefire Kurdish forces push ISIS out of Kurdish region in Syria amid fierce fighting, 35 ISIS fighters killed. Brazilian President Accuses Israel of Carrying Out a Massacre in Gaza Judge Rules Microsoft Must Let U.S. See a User's Emails Stored Overseas Israel to resume Gaza operation Amazon tribe makes first contact with outside world  Indigenous people crossed from Peru into Brazil looking for help to combat illegal loggers & drug traffickers US Israeli attack on UN school 'totally indefensible' Russia enacts 'draconian' law for bloggers and online media Canadian First Nation chief made $1M in salary twice the amount of the prime minister of Canada. Snowden's asylum expires. Massacre of uncontacted tribe in Peru revealed in new report French government moves to ban militant extremist rightwing Jewish Defence League Bank of America will pay a $1.3 billion penalty for mortgage fraud (xpost from /r/banksters) U.S. aid to Afghanistan exceeds Marshall Plan in costs, not results A Japanese judicial panel has recommended that three former executives of the utility that operates the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant face criminal charges over their role in the disaster. Multiple gas explosions in Taiwan city Cars overturned, 115 injured UN In order to stop the spread of Ebola... Stop eating dried fruit bats and dead animals you find on the ground. Fruit bats are among the most notorious for spreading the disease Civilian Death Toll in Ukraine reaches 800, over 2,000 wounded. These deaths have gone virtually unnoticed by the outside world. Luxury Cruise Line Offering Environmental Disaster Tourism in Arctic  US cruise operator announces it'll offer a onceinalifetime trip to experience the environmental devastation of the Arctic  using a mode of transport that emits 3 times more CO2 per passenger per mile than a jumbo jet. India drops claim to 19,500 square kilometers of disputed maritime area settling a four decade old dispute with Bangladesh UN chief Ban Kimoon says attack on Gaza school is 'a moral outrage and a criminal act;' says those responsible must be held accountable ISIS Makes Up To $3 Million a Day Selling Oil, Say Analysts Report Israel eavesdropped on Kerry's phone calls Britain 'attempts to censor' US report on torture sites  US Senate report may confirm that Diego Garcia was used for extraordinary rendition after 9/11 UN warns of Gaza health disaster A lake suddenly appeared in the Tunisian desert, and the water could be radioactive. 'It's like the Apocalypse' says British doctor in Gaza Soldier Thought to Be Captured Was Killed in Battle, Israel Says. Ebola Virus Is Outpacing Efforts to Control It, World Health Body Warns  NYTimes.com If We Release a Small Fraction of Arctic Carbon, 'We're Fucked' Climatologist IsraelGaza conflict At least 100 dead in 24 hours in Rafah  Israeli military react to apparent capture of one of their soldiers before declaring him killed in battle. A desperate bid to stop illegal loggers and drug runners has forced a Brazilian tribe to contact the outside world Italians enraged at rise of Sicily's new Facebook mafia  Detectives are poring over social media for details that might help them arrest new generation of mobsters who have turned their back on traditional code of discretion Israel PM Netanyahu says operation in Gaza will continue if required after Hamas tunnels are destroyed Chinese cable television service hacked to broadcast messages attacking the ruling Communist party and calling for the release of a prodemocracy activist Hospital Director in Liberia tests positive for Ebola after false negative a week earlier. Russian bunkersmashing rockets arrive in Iraq. IDF declares missing IDF officer Hadar Goldin dead Violent uprising in Xinjiang, China leaves almost 100 dead Powerful US spy tools were set for NZ installation Ed Miliband accuses David Cameron of 'inexplicable silence' in row over Gaza Dutch ban display of Islamic State flag Palestine football legend Zaqout killed in Gaza conflict China admits pollution has caused 'cancer villages' Netanyahu to U.S. Don't second guess me on Hamas Congress approves $225 million additional funding to Israel, totaling $0.575 billion in past 2 weeks Islamic State withdraws from Syria villages after Sunni tribes burn their headquarters to the ground 50 kg of cocaine missing from Paris police HQ French hospital to open wine bar for terminally ill patients More than a third of the 140 rockets fired by Hamas at Israel yesterday fell short and exploded inside the Gaza Strip Saudi King Condemns Gaza War but Not Israel Venezuela We will shelter injured and orphaned Palestinian children More than 5,500 civilians killed in Iraq this year, UN report says Putin warns European leaders against aggression, egotism and overweening ambition Hamas Says It Isnt Holding Missing Israeli Officer Israel signaled it was winding down the 25dayold Gaza war unilaterally, saying on Saturday it would not attend Egyptianhosted negotiations for a new truce and giving Palestinians who had fled fighting in one northern town the allclear to return. U.S. Plans to Train, Arm Ukraine National Guard in 2015 China confirms it has developed a longrange MIRV'd ICBM, a significant upgrade to their previous generation nuclear arsenal. Israel warplanes bomb Gaza university Saudi king calls for united stance against terrorism, says Islam was innocent of the actions of traitor terrorists and that they have distorted the image of Islam with its purity and humanity and smeared it with all sorts of bad qualities by their actions EU quietly lifts ban on supplying Kiev with weapons and technology AzerbaijanArmenia border clashes turn deadly Islamic State loses oilrich areas in Syria Revealed Britains 'role' in arming Israel Ukraine leaks Stalin's 'KGB secrets' Antiwar mood in Britain grows as bombing of Gaza intensifies Obama signs bill giving Israel $225 million for missile defense system Hamas militants caught on tape assembling and firing rockets from an area next to a hotel where journalists were staying. Spain freezes arms exports to Israel over Gaza op This is the second country to announce sanctions over weapons sale to Israel. Beijing to ban coal use to curb pollution Beijing will ban coal use in its six main districts by the end of 2020 Outspoken Russian journalist Timur Kuashev found dead. Israel Announces Withdrawal of all Troops from Gaza US to Give Kurdish Forces Air Support Military jets escort passenger plane to Manchester Airport 2,100YrOld Royal Chinese Tombs DiscoveredJade coffin & over 10,000 artifacts in mausoleum of 3 main tombs, 11 attendant tombs, 5 chariots, swords, spearheads, crossbow triggers, knives found. King's tomb has gold, silver, musical instruments, over 100,000 coins & a kitchen with food. Pakistani secret service (ISI) planned attacks on US and Israeli consulates in India Israel Flagged as Top Spy Threat to U.S. in New Snowden/NSA Document German prosecutors say they would accept an offer of $100m (60m) from Formula 1 chief Bernie Ecclestone to end his trial on bribery charges. Ebola death toll in Africa reaches 887 (158 more than 4 days ago) WikiLeaks Israel actively supported Hamas | Documents allegedly show that Israel was interested in empowering Hamas in attempt to end the first Intifada. Singapore's parliament has passed a bill proposing to fine companies that pollute the country's air, regardless of whether the companies operate on the island. Under the bill, companies found guilty of causing haze could be fined up to S$100,000 ($80,347) for each day they pollute ... Israeli soldier arrested, suspected of stealing from Gaza home  Decision to investigate incident causes outrage among fellow soldiers MH17 breakthrough as owner of Volvo truck that transported missile is found Lady Warsi, British Foreign Office minister resigns over governments morally reprehensible stance on Gaza Women's engineering colleges in India are closing. Women prefer coed colleges because they believe working alongside men improves their job prospects Deputy Speaker of the Israeli Knesset and member of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus ruling Likud Party, Moshe Feiglin, has called for the use of concentration camps for the conquest of the entire Gaza Strip. NZ parliament unanimously condemns Israel The French Are Thinking About Arming Europe Instead of Russia | VICE News Kurdish forces, known as the Peshmerga, entered Sinjar, Iraq on Monday and have been engaged in housetohouse battles in some of the fiercest fighting since the fall of Mosul to ISIS in June Worst forest fire in modern history ravages Sweden, covering over 10,000 hectars of forest and evacuating town after town 27 000 Russian tourists stranded abroad as travel company collapses after economic sanctions NSA hands Gaza targeting data to Israel, say latest Snowden docs The Phillipines has reported the country's first suspected cases of the Ebola virus 62% of British public says Israel committing war crimes, as polls show sympathy for Palestinians Ten firms say they will not represent clients that deny manmade climate change or seek to block emissonreducing regulations South Korea Sent 10,000 Choco Pies Over to North Korea in Balloons Israeli Foreign Minister Suggests UN Takes Control of Gaza Scientists discover vast methane plumes escaping from Arctic seafloor  aboard the icebreaker Oden  currently north of eastern Siberia Bodies of possible Ebola victims found in central Monrovia on the street for four days before being collected; gov says few hours High winds expose previously unknown Nazca geoglyphs in Peru Iran's elite Guards fighting in Iraq to push back Islamic State Obama 'Russia doesn't make anything,' West must be firm with China Terror attack in Jerusalem. 1 killed, 5 injured, terrorist shot dead. Five previous Ebola outbreaks have been linked to the handling of meat from gorillas, chimps and duikers... all these animals have been found for sale in the UK. Heathrow baggage handlers frequently complain about foulsmelling packages, some seeping blood Iran ready to fully support Palestine Strong quake kills at least 367 in southern China There are reports of the Islamic State executing dozens of Yazidis. UK government reviewing 8bn of arms sales to Israel Obama  'Russia doesn't make anything' US president downplays Russia's role in the world, saying Vladimir Putin's actions will hurt country in the longterm. Israel 'breaks ceasefire in minutes' as eightyearold girl killed in air strike Over 400 Ukrainian Military Personnel Request Refugee Status in Russia New Fears That 'Bush Meat' Could Spread Ebola Experts warn deadly virus could be carried through smuggled meat...While the meat is often disguised as beef, it is often found to be the meat of wild animals such as rat or antelope....7500 tons annually. Police in China have detained six executives of a meat supply company that supplied longexpired meat to foreign fast food chains McDonalds and KFCparent Yum Brands Inc, among many others Indian police have arrested the chairman of staterun Syndicate bank, Sudhir Kumar Jain, and several others over allegations of bribery The raids are being described as the first large scale anticorruption moves since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took office earlier this year. More than 130 Palestinians killed in IDF's 'Hannibal' protocol Israel declares 7hour humanitarian ceasefire to take effect Monday in Gaza Campaign Mounts to Declassify 9/11 Reports References to Alleged Saudi Involvement Snowden granted 3yr residence permit Chinese city bans anyone with Islamic clothing or a 'big beard' from boarding buses after terror attacks across the country Israel proposes ceasefire extension; Hamas declines Netanyahu Hamas accepted the exact ceasefire they rejected three weeks earlier. 90% of all casualties could have been avoided Russian Poacher Faces 7 Years in Prison for Killing Extremely Rare Amur Leopard. Fewer than 50 remain in the wild. France Passes Sweeping Gender Equality Law  At a time when women in many parts of the world are seeing their rights restricted, violated, & disrespected, France has set an important example. 'Ensuring a womans right to control her fertility is fundamental to achieving gender equality.' The 1% May Be Richer Than You Think, Research Shows Isis seizes Iraq's largest Christian town 40,000 Iraqis stranded on mountain as Isis jihadists threaten death Ecuador to open embassy in 'Palestine', president cancels visit to Israel Turkey airdrops aid to starving Iraqi refugees stranded on mountain Jimmy Carter slams Israel in proPalestine oped 'Help Israel avoid war crimes charges,' Netanyahu urges US lawmakers New HepatitisC drug 99% cheaper in India Ebola survivors shunned as zombies in Guinea The CDC has issued its highest alert for an allhands on deck response to the Ebola crisis in West Africa. Spacecraft catches comet after 10year chase Russia will ban all imports of food from the United States and all fruit and vegetables from Europe, the state news agency reported on Wednesday, a sweeping response to Western sanctions imposed over its support for rebels in Ukraine. Russia publishes list of banned EU and US foods in sanctions response EU proposes Gaza reconstruction for Hamas disarmament IDF orders West Bank village land seized for settler road 40 Yazidi children killed in Islamic State attack Russian Hackers Stole 1.2 Billion Passwords Fukushima reactor 3 meltdown was worse than estimated Tepco Indonesia, the largest Muslim country in the world, has banned the support and endorsement of ISIS Italy expels imam for preaching hatred against Jews US officials say someone else is leaking documents in the wake of Snowden Germany blocks the delivery of military parts to Russia Canadians Cant Drink Their Water After 1.3 Billion Gallons Of Mining Waste Flows Into Rivers Outrage in Saudi Arabia at appearance of female newsreader without headscarf on state television Wikipedia has revealed that more than 50 links to content on its website have been removed from Google's search results under the controversial Right to be Forgotten ruling Angry Palestinians Attack Hamas Official Over Gaza Destruction NATO says Russia could be poised to invade Ukraine Iraqi children die as ISIS targets Yazidi minority. Lawmaker Vian Dakhil, the only MP representing the Yazidi minority in Iraq's Parliament, said in an impassioned speech that 70 Yazidi children had died so far, that women were being killed or sold into slavery and that 500 men had been slaughtered. Member of Iraqi Parliament breaks down in tears ISIL is exterminating my people (translation included) Ebola outbreak British experts urge US and WHO to give Africans experimental cure. A US 2star Major General was killed and 15 other soldiers, including a German Brigadier General, were wounded in an attack at a military academy in Afghanistan today. The major general would be the highestranking member of the U.S. military to die in hostilities in Afghanistan. Rosetta satellite set to land on comet after 10 years LIVE Putin bans agricultural imports from sanctioning countries for 1 year North Korea plans to fire missiles at White House, Pentagon if USSouth Korea continue military exercises Perus New Cocaine  Illegal gold miningfarmers digging up ore & selling it on the black market, so that it may eventually end up wrapped around your fiances fingeris a major cause of rain forest depletion. It has devastated nearly 370,000 acres of the Peruvian Amazon. France 24 Reporter Reveals Hamas Rocket Launcher Fired Near Civilians, United Nations Facility and Reporters ISIS commander killed in Lebanon clashes Putin spends 300 billion roubles from public pension savings to plug fiscal holes, second year in a row More than 400 children have been killed in Israel's assault on Gaza, and almost a thousand times as many are traumatized and face an extraordinarily bleak future, says top UNICEF official in Gaza US spy plane photos reveal groups of girls believed to be those kidnapped by Boko Haram from a Nigerian boarding school Between 35,00050,000 Yazidis are completely surrounded by ISIS militants in Sinjar, Iraq Iraqi Yazidis stranded on isolated mountaintop begin to die of thirst. Leader in murder of Israeli teens arrested The four Mounties involved in the Taser death of Robert Dziekanski in October 2007 will face criminal charges A Canadian Court of Appeal rules that Toronto judge was justified in freeing alleged Al Qaeda collaborator given the gravity of human rights abuses committed by the US in connection with his capture in Pakistan Pakistan leaks Bin Laden death scene photos Mexican President Calderon faces mounting anger over failed antidrug polices and violence Massive demonstration set for Sunday in Mexico City to denounce the government's failure to stem the bloodshed Gaddafi forces bombards Misratas port using new type of weapon  Chinesemade variant of a Grad rocket that opens in flight and drops mines to the ground Bali bomber captured down the road of Osama bin Laden compound Clinton raises alarm on rising food prices China's Growing Interests in Siberia  There are just 6 million Russians left on the Siberian side of the border with China. Ninety million Chinese, backed by a voracious economy, live on the other side.  EU approves $124 million in aid to PA after Israel blocks transfer of Palestinian funds AlQaeda statement on bin Laden's death The power struggle between Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and the supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is continuing to escalate, even interrupting Friday Prayer.

 Philippine city holds mass circumcision for boys Protesters in Yemen seeking to oust the president release tens of thousands of colorful balloons with the message Leave, Ali.
 Contrary to a widely held belief that Bin Laden was on dialysis to treat a kidney ailment, Pakistani investigators said...that his youngest wife told them that he was healthy..that Bin Laden had long recovered from two kidney surgeries a decade or more ago in southern Afghanistan, in part by using Five dead, 54 wounded in Egyptian sectarian clashes  Five people were killed and more than 54 were wounded in a sectarian clash in Egypt on Saturday over a Christian woman who had allegedly converted to Islam, health officials said Conservatives are 'ruthless, calculating and thoroughly tribal', says Business Secretary Vince Cable  Arrests show Ahmadinejad under increasing pressure from Irans clerics  The Washington Post Humorous Portuguese response to Finland's block on Portugal's bailout Syria Revolution on campus  The protest movement spreads to Damascus University The most surprising demographic crisis  
A new census raises questions about the future of Chinas onechild policy.   After Osama, China fears the next target AV referendum Yes campaign handed thumping defeat with Lib Dems wounded as UK votes to maintain firstpastthepost Euro falls on rumours Greece is to quit the eurozone Tepco starts flooding No. 1 reactor vessel. Venezuelas Chavez enacts three new laws to dignify urban life Brazil's Supreme Court unanimously approves samesex civil unions. UK journalist suggests that the unemployed, or people on low incomes, should not be allowed to vote... Its time to restore the link between paying something into society and voting on decisions about how it is run Germany Cops attend a peaceful protest undercover... get mazed and punched in the face by cops on duty for no reason. Pakistan, who has received over $20 billion in U.S. aid since the September 11 attacks,  pays U.S. lobbyists to deny it helped bin Laden AlQaida confirms Osama bin Laden's death Scotland likely to hold referendum for independence from the United Kingdom What Happened to Air France Flight 447?  The vanishing of Flight 447 was easy to bend into myth. No other passenger jet in modern history had disappeared so completely  without a Mayday call or a witness or even a trace on radar. New Zealand parliament site shut down by Anonymous following copyright law changes. Hamas leader calls to keep truce with Israel Spanish court surprises everyone by imposing sentences of 439 years each to Somali pirates. Canadian Roman Catholic bishop pleaded guilty to trying to import child pornography after he was arrested returning from a trip to Thailand Egypt presidential frontrunner Moussa puts Israel on notice Mubarak had a certain policy, it was his own policy and I don't think we have to follow this, he said. We want to be a friend of Israel, but it has to have two parties, it is not on Egypt to be a friend. Israel has to be a friend, too. Osama bin Laden dead hitech secret may end up in China Syrian activists are preparing to take to the streets on Friday for what they are calling a day of defiance The real meaning of Bin Laden's death Liberal Democrats suffer bloodbath in UK elections The Liberal Democrats have paid a heavy electoral price for their decision to form a coalition with the Conservatives last year China Tries to Silence American Advocacy Site With Attacks, FBI Fires Back 5.3 quake jolts Fukushima. A suicide bomber drives a car packed with explosives into a police headquarters in the Iraqi city of Hilla, killing at least 16 people and wounding dozens more.  China blasts US government for operation that killed Osama  China holds that the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of any country should be respected, said Jiang Yu, a spokeswoman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry Protesters 'shot dead' in Syrian 'day of defiance' Whatever the legality of Osama bin Laden's apparent execution, he was certainly a murderer. But what are US drone attacks? War Dogs There's a reason they brought a dog to the raid on Osama bin Laden...because they are awesome. Assassination
A messy business
When a state kills its enemies remotely, the law gets tangled Kidnappings scare rich Russian parents After 16yearold disappears, Russians fear return to violence Last World War I combat vet dies in Australia... The Economist's obituary on Bin Laden CNN, CBS confirm No Bin Laden death photos to be released WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange says Facebook, Google, and Yahoo are being used by the U.S. intelligence community to build dossiers. MEXICO CITY   April was perhaps the cruelest month yet. More than 1,400 gangland killings were clocked, by one newspaper's count, giving April the highest death toll of the 53 months since President Felipe Calderon unleashed the military and federal police against the country's crime syndicates The head of the CIA admitted yesterday that there was no live video footage of the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound as further doubts emerged about the US version of events. Oil spill in Canada's Alberta 'biggest in 35 years' Infectious polio virus stolen during car hijacking Ahmadinejad allies charged with sorcery Portugal Bailout by Europe to Hit $116 Billion  Syria launches Internet sniffing attack against Facebook's SSLencrypted website by presenting users with false SSL certificate Four dead after eating raw beef at Japanese barbecue restaurant Most Wanted Nazi, 97yearold Sandor Kepiro, tried in Hungary Progress made at Fukushima nuclear plant Workers have entered a reactor building at Japans Fukushima nuclear plant for the first time since it was damaged by Marchs earthquake and tsunami. Canadian journalist for AlJazeera detained in Syria.  Pakistani Army Chief Warns U.S. on Another Raid Pakistan said it would reconsider its relationship with America in the event of another similar operation At least 21 people were killed and up to 75 wounded in a suicide car bomb attack in Iraq seen as retaliation for Osama bin Laden's killing. The head of the CIA admitted yesterday that there was no live video footage of the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound as further doubts emerged about the US version of events. Pakistani officials have told GlobalPost that the Pakistani army had full knowledge of the U.S. raid that led to the death of Osama bin Laden and that it played a larger role in the operation than previously acknowledged.   Osama bin Laden Raid Two senior Pakistani security officials . . . said there was no firefight because the inhabitants never fired back. 'The people inside the house were unarmed. There was no resistance,' one of the officials said. 'It was coldblooded,' said the second official when asked if Burma   Crisis in Shan State Pakistan Islamist party pushes for mass rally Friday  Pakistan's most influential Islamist party urged its followers to hold mass protests on Friday, to demand the government withdraw its support for the US war on militancy. Why the U.S. mistrusts Pakistan's spies Workers enter Japan nuclear reactor building 97 year old on trial for Nazi war crimes British about to vote against ending of 2 party rule 
in referendum, after a NO campaign funded by 
bankers, hedgefund managers and big business. Osama unarmed when shot dead, US admits  Images reveal scale of North Korean political prison camps Bin Laden's will says his children must not join alQaida Osama bin Laden had cash totaling 500 Euros and two telephone numbers sewn into his clothing when he was killed  sure signs that he was prepared to flee his compound at a moment's notice Details on Bin Laden death photo. North Korea's political prisoners 200,000 and counting. They are kept in slave pens. The Goal Was Never to Capture Bin Laden Why the Navy SEALs were told to take no prisoners Photos show three dead men at bin Laden raid house Surveillance, Not Waterboarding, Led to bin Laden French president Nicolas Sarkozy France could recognise Palestine by the end of the year Russia's largest search engine, Yandex, confirmed that it passed confidential data to the country's state security service, FSB  Al Jazeera The Afghan reaction to Osama's death Recentlyreleased WikiLeaks doc Detained al Qaeda members have predicted nuclear reprisals if Osama bin Laden were captured or killed In Australia, anticluster bomb campaigners are furious that the government secretly worked with the US to weaken a key international treaty to ban the notorious weapons Pictures the results of US special forces' assault on Osama bin Laden's hideout in Abbottabad. [NSFW]  Graphic Images The operator of Japans Fukushima nuclear power plant says that seawater radioactivity fifteen kilometers offshore has risen significantly. TEPCO reports it is 600 times the maximum allowed by law. Ian Tomlinson unlawfully killed, inquest rules Saudis shifting most of its domestic energy use to Solar and Nuclear power, diverting more oil to export Absinthe Legalised In France For 10 years, Osama bin Laden filled a gap left by the Soviet Union. Who will be the baddie now? Revised UN report says Earth's population will hit 9,000,000,000 by 2041, 9 years earlier than previously projected I have seen a great number of poorly Photoshopped images in my time as a photographer and I can tell by the pixels that it is a fake  Mubarek may face the death penalty for ordering 800 citizens' deaths Pakistan denies knowledge of Bin Laden's location and US operation to kill Bin Laden, warns that such unilateral actions are unacceptable Sony announces second data breach with theft of 25m more user details Here's what the WHOLE world thinks of Osama's death.  Bonus Robert Fisk interview goodness. This is just wrong Bahrain charges doctors and nurses who treated injured antigovernment protesters; they will stand trial in military court Conservatives win majority in Canadian election NZ pushed to create copyright laws by US government The New Zealand Law Commission urges overhaul   legalizing medical marijuana, decriminalizing drug possession and smalltime drug dealing, and doing away with drug paraphernalia laws New Yorker Bin Laden compound was in Pakistani Army territory  inconceivable that they wouldn't have known about it Tomlinson unlawfully killed at G20 protests, inquest rules Air France cockpit voice recorder has now been located Tornado strikes Auckland, NZ; roof has collapsed at city's largest shopping center  Argentinians light trains on fire in anger over chronic delays, fail to improve scheduling situation. Vatican offends many by hosting Mugabe Alberta pipeline leak largest since 1975 Inquest finds G20 bystander unlawfully killed by British police officer China A total of 53 officials involved in the sale of melaminetainted milk have been punished days after 14 people were convicted of selling tainted milk powder and two of them sent to prison. Ian Tomlinson unlawfully killed by PC at G20 protest an inquest jury has found. Palestinian factions sign reconciliation deal in Egypt Japan  Radiation leaks from fuel rods suspected at 
Tsuruga plant Bin Laden was unarmed Phone call by Kuwaiti courier led to Osama Bin Laden SEALs Capture OBL Hard Drives Global Freedom of Press at Lowest Level in More Than Decade Pakistan admits Bin Laden intelligence failure UK Five arrested near Sellafield Nuclear Plant under Terrorism Act. London men stopped by officers policing nuclear site in Cumbria. North Korea has started a drive to confiscate mobile phones smuggled from China in an attempt to suppress news from the outside world Bin Laden is Dead I think it's weird that the body of the most wanted man since 2001 was simply thrown into the ocean, shortly after being killed. Six wind farms were given sixfigure payments to switch off their turbines because the Scottish grid network could not absorb all the energy being produced. From the memory hole Bush rejects Taliban offer to surrender bin Laden  Oct. 2001 WikiLeaks Osama bin Laden 'protected' by Pakistani security Osama Bin Laden Reported Dead You are NOT allowed to commit suicide Workers in Chinese Foxconn factories forced to sign pledges Taiwanese animation shows us how Bin Laden was killed Osama in Pakistan India says 'I told you so' New EU rules came into force banning hundreds of herbal remedies. The laws are aimed at protecting consumers from potentially damaging traditional medicines Radiation level now 3300 times limit at No. 2 reactor. Furious parents in Fukushima have delivered a bag of radioactive playground earth to education officials in protest at moves to weaken nuclear safety standards in schools. Hamas Bin Laden death 'assassination' of 'a holy warrior' Juan Cole Osama was a relic of the cold war and the age of dictators, with no place in modern Arab society. The new generation of Arab dissidents yearn for liberty, not theocratic repression. Switzerland locates almost $1B in assets held by Gaddafi, Mubarak, Ben Ali  Obama 'Osama wasn't a Muslim leader, he was a mass murderer of Muslims' Robert Fisk Was he betrayed? Of course. Pakistan knew Bin Laden's hiding place all along | The Independent Indian village laborer cracks country's top college entrance exam, but doesn't have money to travel to the college interview. AlJazeera Journalist Missing in Syria Pakistan, You Got Some `Splainin To Do  Rallies erupt the world over on May Day, as workers demonstrate for their rights.  Osama bin Laden to be buried at sea. Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood has said the United States has no more reason to stay in Iraq and Afghanistan after the killing of alQaeda leader Osama binLaden. The Japanese government is about to begin releasing data projecting the spread of radiation that it initially withheld for fear of causing panic. That bin Laden could be in Abbottabad [Pakistan] unknown to authorities 'is a bit amazing' says Hamid Gul, a former Pakistani intelligence chief . . . Aside from the military 'there is the local police, the Intelligence Bureau, Military Intelligence, the ISI, they all had a presence there.' Fears in China as another human rights lawyer disappears Hong Kong workers to enjoy minimum wage for first time Sweatshops have gone digital.  NGO study reveals excessive work hours and draconian rules for workers in factories in China making components for Apple Gaddafi son's killing puts NATO in firing line. 
Russia and Venezuela join Libyan regime in accusing NATO of attempting to assassinate Muammar Gaddafi Half A Miracle  
Remarkable story of how Medelln, Colombia's drug capital, became as safe as Washington. Unexpected victory for urban planning  placing beautiful architecture in poorest, crimeridden areas  and social reintegration programmes One of the two flight recorders belonging to an Air France plane that crashed in 2009 off the coast of Brazil has been recovered This slaughter happened yesterday, April 29, in Syria, city of Homs. This is what's going on in Syria. Iraqi lawmakers approve $400M payment to Americans who claim they were abused by Saddam Hussein In tears, Nuclear Adviser to PM Kan quits over raising safe limits for children 20 times too high India rejects US fighter jets over Eurofighter  The best article that explains the decision Fears in China as another human rights lawyer disappears 2,000 people protest in Taiwan's capital against the increasing income gap and demand better work conditions Fukushima All the fuel rods have been melted down, says one of the most ardent proponents of nuclear power. Oil giant Sinopec caught in extravagant spending on bonuses, liquor Smoke seen at Italian embassy in Libyan capital
 Germany braces itself for invasion of Polish workers as it follows EU immigration rules  Iran leader Ahmadinejad returns to work after 'boycott' Kunming (China) &gt; Singapore, overland in 10 hrs by 2020. Chinese government and ASEAN stepping up cooperation through KunmingSingapore HighSpeed Railway project. Scepticism surrounds 'Gaddafi son's death' Benghazi celebrates but NATO offers no confirmation of Libyan announcement Saudi Oil Production Doesnt Add Up Following unity deal, Israel suspends tax transfer to PA Libya UN to remove international staff from Tripoli Mass Graves In Kashmir  
Chilling account of visit to Kashmir to assess human right's abuses. As India argues for a seat on the UN security council, it must adhere to its own repeated commitment to peace in Kashmir and international conventions and laws Iran Outside the spotlight, Arab uprising smolders in country's southwest
 Libya launches revenge attacks on British targets after Gaddafi 'assassination' attempt Mexico's failed war against the drug gangs  Mexicans are calling for an end to the battle against organised crime that has cost 40,000 lives Ecuador bans 500yrold tradition of bullfighting; voters in a referendum held on Saturday also outlawed cockfighting and casino gambling Coastal cities in Japan now flood at high tide due to shifting by quake The Pakistan government has decided not to conduct an inquiry of any kind at any level whatsoever about the Abbottabad incident to find those responsible for intelligence failure and violation of Pakistani borders and sovereignty. Malawi expels UK diplomat after UK remarks that the country doesn't tolerate criticism. Nato units left 61 African migrants to die of hunger and thirst. Boat trying to reach Lampedusa was left to drift in Mediterranean for 16 days, despite alarm being raised. 'Being gay is a sin' Swedish Salvation Army  Leading members of the Salvation Army in Sweden told an undercover journalist that homosexual sex is a sin and offered to ask God to help free the reporter from the condition. In the ancient Bahraini village of Aali, where some graves date to 2000 B.C., a mosque had stood for more than 400 years  one of the handsomest Shiite Muslim mosques in this small island nation. Today, only bulldozer tracks remain Wikileaked Gitmo interrogations reveal Pakistani ISI sent terrorists to India where they bombed, kidnaped and killed Kashmiri people. Pakistan spy agency's alleged role in Mumbai terrorist attacks to be revealed Concerted Media Efforts To Smear UK Tax Protesters; the group's core argument, that the state could save billions by pursuing corporate tax avoidance instead of cutting public services, is gaining ground. A ship carrying up to 600 migrants trying to flee Libya has sunk just off the coast of the North African country It gets worse. Pakistan maybe headed to a military coup after the ISI outed the identity of the CIA station chief. The Taliban released a video of a Canadian man captured this year in a volatile province of central Afghanistan and said he would be put on trial for spying unless Canada's government accepted unspecified demands for his release. Tripoli finally beginning to rise up against Gadaffi! Osama Bin Laden Aided by Rogue or Retired Elements of Pakistani Intelligence, Government Official Says Japan Earthquake Two Months Later Tens of thousands of Mexicans march for peace, demand end to violence  They called for Public Security Secretary Genaro Garcia Luna to resign Oil Wealth, U.S. Backing Enables Saudi Arabia to Crush Dissent in Bahrain and at Home Libyan gangrape victim Eman alObeidy flees to Tunisia The Royal Navys latest 1.2 billion nuclear submarine, HMS Astute, has been towed back to base after it suffered a technical issue with hydraulics,  a malfunction which could have killed the entire crew. Japan and US plan to jointly build nuclear waste  storage facility in Mongolia Osama bin Laden must have had Pakistan support network, says Obama Rio's innovative solution for getting rid of it's slums for the Olympics removing them from Google Maps A military crackdown on Syrias sevenweek uprising escalated Sunday, with reinforcements sent to two cities, more forces deployed in a southern town and nearly all communications severed to besieged locales When a Toronto cop went on a routine visit to Osgoode Hall Law School to advise the students on personal safety, little did he know that he would unwittingly inspire a movement that has caught fire across Canada and the US Turkey's plan to require Internet users to choose one of four contentfiltering packages is unconstitutional and violates the right to freedom of expression, says experts Hamas breaks up probin Laden rally in Gaza Muslims attack church in Egypt 6 killed and 120 injured Osama bin Laden's death What the Arab papers say  Pakistan Still Holding Bin Laden's Wives, Children.  Pakistani authorities, who were deeply embarrassed by the raid, are not allowing the CIA access to them, the Foreign Ministry said. Europe's debts  mapped Japan Nuclear Crisis Fukushima Groundwater Contamination Worst in Nuclear History U.S.Japan joint survey reveals high radiation beyond evacuation zone Greece 'Only tourism can save us'  With debts of 340bn, Greece is turning to its cultural heritage to attract a better class of visitor and make tourism the engine of the Greek economy. PETROL pumps across the UK will start running out of fuel tomorrow, according to a protest group plotting to bring the country to a standstill. Former Mossad chief Israel air strike on Iran 'stupidest thing I have ever heard' Mexicans Thinking Egyptian  
Can the Growing Protest Movement Save Mexico's Democracy? Egyptian military arrests 190 in church attack  China sets up new agency to tighten Net control;  official says most governments also censor unsavory Internet content The story of the conflict between Iranian President Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ali Khamene'i Move Japans parliament to Fukushima says lawmaker A Japanese lawmaker said that his country should move its parliament to Fukushima to provide an economic boost and show confidence in a region struck by a nuclear crisis after a massive earthquake. Muslim mobs in militaryruled Egypt set churches on fire, 12 killed overnight.  Osama Bin Laden Videos Released by Government Scottish independence Cameron gives green light; he will not put up any legal or political objections to a vote. Osama was in active control of Al Qaeda  As many as 8,000 people are missing or in detention in Syria since the unrest began in midMarch, according to Insan, a Syriafocused humanrights group based in Spain. Between 650 and 850 people have been killed since then, according to estimates of various human rights groups.

 The UK's wealthiest people have rebounded from the recession increasing their worth by 18% in the past year, the Sunday Times Rich List says. Cuba dissident Juan Wilfredo Soto 'dies after arrest' A Cuban government opponent has died several days after being arrested and allegedly beaten by police, dissidents have said.  Egypt vows to tackle interfaith violence Sweden has proof foreign sub entered its waters report Local hunters kill over 70 Boko Haram insurgents, recapture Adamawa town ISIS releases a new speech of its leader Abu Bakr alBaghdadi in which he urges his supporters to attack Saudi Arabia. Russia says fleet of warships is off Australia for climate research Unique 2,000year old circular pyramid discovered in Bolivia The Israeli government has announced that it is denying entry to members of the UN Human Rights Council commission charged with investigating war crimes committed during the summer Israeli invasion of the Gaza Strip. Supreme Court of Canada ruling makes honesty the law for businesses The first jihadist to be tried in France after returning from Syria has been given a sevenyear jail sentence Flavien Moreau, 28, travelled to Syria and joined an Islamist militant group, but says he only stayed for a dozen days because he missed smoking  banned by the jihadist group he joined. Paedophiles Have Created A Deep Web Version Of Kickstarter To Crowdfund Child Porn 'Killer robots' should be strictly monitored, nations demand at UN Countries warn of potential dangers of autonomous weapons systems they say are at risk of violating international and humanitarian law Tony Abbot says Australia was 'nothing but bush' before white colonisation in a speech given at an international business breakfast. Russia may claim damages if France doesn't deliver Mistral warship news agency France calls on Israel to immediately reverse the building of 200 new settlements in East Jerusalem More than 400 protesters stuck their heads in the sand on Sydney's Bondi Beach on Thursday. The stunt was meant to mock the Australian government's reluctance to put climate change on the agenda of this weekend's G20 summit, being held in the country. Saudi beheads 7th Pakistani on drugs charges in one month Two Dutch F16 fighter jets taking part in a NATO mission to protect the skies above the Baltics intercepted a Russian military transport plane on Thursday. Islamic State Reportedly Minting Coins as It Struggles to Function Like an Actual State Putin says Russia prepared for oil price collapse; regards sanctions over Ukraine as pointless and illegal US military considers sending combat troops back to Iraq 12 Turkish protestors who attacked 3 US sailors have been released without questing or charges. Norwegian doctor, Mads Gilbert, has been hit with a lifetime ban from entering Gaza by the Israeli government. Canada under pressure after U.S., China agree to curb greenhouse gases France Says Mistral Ship Won't Be Delivered To Russia; There Will Be No Handover Genetically modified (GMO) food has to be labeled in Taiwan starting next year, continues ban from school lunches Barack Obama to pledge at least $2.5bn to help poor countries fight climate change Germany warns UEFA may quit FIFA if World Cup report is not published. US president says every nation has a responsibility to do its part and overcome old divides, look squarely at the science and reach a strong global climate agreement next year Syrian 'hero boy' video faked by Norwegian director British jihadists who fight with ISIS will be barred from returning home under new antiterror laws David Cameron compares Russia to Nazi Germany on eve of Putin meeting Mexican mayor charged with murder linked to students disappearance U.S. Navy Deploys Its First Laser Weapon in the Persian Gulf Australia a 'blocker' in G20 fight against climate change Japan's levitating maglev train reaches 500km/h (311mph) Russia plans alternative version of 'Wikipedia' Harper tells Putin to 'get out of Ukraine' in G20 encounter DR Congo is declared Ebolafree. Hope fades for comet lander as batteries near depletion. Iceland  Minister of the Interior imposes a media blackout as her political attach is found guilty of leaking fabricated criminal charges against an asylum seeker. Minister refuses to step down. (grapevine.is) Ukraine orders closure of all state services in rebelheld east, including schools, hospitals and emergency services as well as pension payments Canadian courts let family withdraw child from chemotherapy to seek their alternative treatment of raw vegetables and positive thinking, because they have the right to choose aboriginal medicine. Great Barrier Reef Queensland lobbies Unesco behind the scenes at G20 | Queensland government is furiously lobbying Unesco representatives behind the scenes of the G20 to stop the Great Barrier Reef from being listed as in danger by the UNs cultural and heritage body HK protesters denied Beijing flight, told their travel permits were invalid G20 summit Tony Abbott laments to world leaders his failure to pass tax on GP visits Sweden releases sonar image confirming 'foreign submarine' Sweden reportedly intercepted a distress signal in Russian, but Russia suggested it could have been a Dutch vessel, something denied by the Netherlands Protesters In Mexico Vow to Burn 43 More Buildings Over Missing Students Explorers Descend Into Siberia's Mystery Crater  It stoked many different theories earlier this yr, including a manmade hoax, the work of aliens from outer space, a meteorite or even a stray missile. This is 1st time it's been stable enough to enter. Human rights organizations have attacked proposals by the British government to extend antiterror powers in the U.K., with the head of one saying they risked turning the country into a police state Islamic State sets sights on Saudis Indonesia tsunami alert after quake North Indian court says it's illegal for female students to be barred from a Muslim University's library US hostage Peter Kassig 'killed by ISIS' U.S., EU override Australia to put climate change on G20 agenda Pharma firm has subsidiary in Luxembourg with 1 parttime worker, assets of 22.7 billion and a branch in Dublin, profit of 7.6 billion, tax of 82,000 Pope denounces euthanasia as 'sin against God and creation' he also condemned abortion, in vitro fertilisation and embryonic stem cell research 'because this is a sin against the creator, against God the creator' Pakistan only country to spread polio virus abroad WHO Turkish PM Erdoan says America was discovered by Muslims, not Columbus Terror financiers are living freely in Qatar, US discloses First person jailed for 'revenge porn' in Britain In Blow for Tokyo & Washington, Okinawa Elects AntiBase Governor   Japanese prefecture of Okinawa set to elect new governor who vows to stop a new Marine Corps air station from being built. His campaign promise no new US military bases & no new noisy Ospreys. Tony Abbott tells G20 leaders he backs coal, despite pleas on climate change Suicide Bomber Attacks Car of Afghan Womens Rights Leader; 3 Killed A suicide bomber attacked the car of a prominent Afghan womens rights leader and member of Parliament in Kabul on Sunday, killing three people and wounding 20 others, Afghan officials said. Prowestern rebels in Syria surrender weapons, defect to Islamic State forces Chinese archaeologists found a new site of human activity dating back 300,000 to 500,000 years, roughly contemporary with Peking Man Georgia fury at RussiaAbkhazia deal Tens of thousands of Georgians have rallied in the capital Tbilisi against a planned agreement between Russia and Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia region. Australia alone with Saudi Arabia on climate change Zimbabwe's vice president, once seen as a possible successor to President Robert Mugabe, linked to plot to assassinate the 90yrold leader Protests over 43 missing students in Mexico spread across the country ISIL 'beheads Syrians and US aid worker' G20 endorses India's stance on black money | Latest News & Updates at Daily News & Analysis Hamas says Abbas refusing to hold Palestinian elections due to fear of defeat Auschwitz bookkeeper may be last Nazi tried in Germany for war crimes Putin leaves G20 one day early amid questions over Russia's actions in Ukraine After rabbi stabbed in Belgium, Jewish group calls for more safety of European Jews Dutch ban poultry transport after finding dangerous bird flu strain