 Maasai told to leave historic homeland by end of the year so it can become a hunting reserve for the Dubai royal family | World news German village plays prank on neo Nazis Obama Puts Australia's ClimateDenying Prime Minister Tony Abbott on the Spot Recession declared in Japan Modern slavery affects more than 35 million people, report finds Israel to issue gayfriendly ID cards for children of samesex couples After 9 years, Israel resumes destruction of Palestinian homes Ukraine crisis Petro Poroshenko says country is 'ready for total war' with Russia Swiss army removes last explosives from border bridges with Germany French government will not sign TTIP agreement in 2015  We have to preserve the right of the state to set and apply its own standards, to maintain the impartiality of the justice system and to allow the people of France, and the world, to assert their values. Putin Denies He Fled From G20 Summit Pressure Police are investigating possible homicide linked to what has been described as a paedophile ring involving powerful people in the 1970s and 1980s in the UK Obama Nears Calling Russian Actions an Invasion David Cameron warns that second global crash is looming Sarkozy vows to revoke marriage equality rights if reelected Cuba Rejects Erdogan's Offer to Build Country's First Mosque Russia and Poland expel diplomats in titfortat measures Pakistan testfires 2nd nuclearcapable missile in week Canada breaks with Australia to contribute to Green Climate Fund Romanian PM Victor Ponta concedes victory in presidential election to Sibiu mayor Klaus Iohannis Tens of thousands of people went on strike and paralyzed dozens of cities across Italy on Thursday to protest skyhigh unemployment and government plans to make it easier to fire workers. Violent clashes between police and protesters erupted in Milan and Rome. Germany government reiterates its ban on fracking Bird flu case in Holland turns out to be highly contagious H5N8 strain Secret EU document outlines sanctions to impose if Israel thwarts twostate solution Expat romanians are prevented from voting by the Romanian government Pope Francis has excommunicated a pedophile Argentine priest, who admitted to sexually abusing four teenagers 'Too big to fail' bank rules unveiled  New global rules to prevent banks that are too big to fail from being bailed out by taxpayers have been proposed. Kasparov Stop Putin now or pay the price later One of the VIPs who sexually abused boys at an apartment complex near Parliament has been identified as a former deputy director of MI6 Five nuclear engineers murdered near Damascus A Saudi oil firm paid former British prime minister Tony Blair a fee of about 41,000 a month and a 2 percent slice of each contract he helped arrange. Blast at Nigerian school assembly At least 47 students have been killed by a suicide bomber at a school assembly in the northeast Nigerian town of Potiskum, police have said. Britain will not remain in Europe 'come what may', David Cameron says Turkish army bans Game of Thrones, requires officers take course on Islam Space Station Crew Returns to Earth, Lands Safely in Kazakhstan Tape of Ronald Reagan apologising to Margaret Thatcher for Grenada invasion comes to light after FOI request Mexico's president left on a sixday trip to China and Australia amid angry protests over the suspected massacre of 43 college students by a gang allied with corrupt police. Virus That 'Makes Humans More Stupid' Discovered Israel gives Palestinians Ebola screening equipment $400 Billion Russian/Chinese Gas Deal secured  When the new supply deal begins, China will surpass Germany to become Russias biggest natural gas customer. Three Swedish Isis fighters killed in Syria Catalonia vote 80% back independence, say organisers  BBC News Man stabbed in Tel Aviv in suspected terror attack Australia 'giving up' on renewables | Investment into renewable energy projects in Australia has dropped by 70% in the last year, according to a new report by a climate change body. Assisted dying will be made legal in UK within two years Six out of 10 Indian men admit violence against wives  UN study Australia challenges unpaid internships Libyan city becomes the first outside of Iraq, Syria to join Islamic State group's 'caliphate' Syria soon to have S300 SurfaceToAir Missile System from Russia, saying it does not trust the US especially after the Republicans took the majority of votes in the recently concluded U.S. midterm elections. Report Islamic State spokesman confirms leader Baghdadi injured in US airstrike Geologists who didn't predict an earthquake aren't killers, Italian court rulesseven scientists are free after appeals court overturns manslaughter conviction Don't forget  The Rosetta Mission. First ever Comet landing starting 0900 GMT 12 November Barack Obamas support for net neutrality sets precedent for the rest of the world Iran stripped of world championship volleyball tournament after jailing female spectator Preach moderate Islam  or else To counter rise of Islamic State, Jordan imposes rules on Muslim clerics Germany can deny benefits to jobless EU migrants, court rules Norway deports record number of immigrants Rich countries subsidising oil, gas and coal companies by $88bn a year. About four times as much money was spent on fossil fuel exploration as on renewable energy development. CNN International withdraws from Russia After travelling 6.5 billion kilometers in space, Rosetta mission aims to land probe on comet Protesters angry at the alleged massacre of 43 Mexican students clashed with police and besieged Acapulco's airport for hours Monday over a scandal shaking President Enrique Pena Nieto's administration. Iran signs deal with Russia for 2 new nuclear reactors Moscow shrouded in noxious gas U.S. says Iran has ceased controversial nuclear practice Iraqi soldiers battling the Islamic State recaptured the heart of the town of Baiji, home to the country's largest oil refinery, state television and a military official said Tuesday. NATO and Russia have faced each other in 3 high risk incidents that carry a high probability of direct military confrontation. There have been nearly 40 total Cold Warlike incidents since March that include close Russian flights over NATO ships and simulated Russian bombing runs. PA president Abbas on Tuesday accused Israel of contaminating the Temple Mount, and said that allowing Jewish prayer at the site would result in a religious war Dark net raids were 'overblown' by police, says Tor Project The European Court of Justice has ruled that unemployed EU citizens who go to another member state to claim benefits may be barred from some benefits. Catalan leader to step up independence push as 80% vote to split from Spain Kissinger Putin Is Not Stalin CanadianIsraeli woman joins Kurds fighting Islamic State Barclays, HSBC Sued by U.S. Soldiers Over Attacks in Iraq Israel gives Ebola detection equipment to PA and Hamas  Despite a string of Palestinian terror attacks on Israelis in recent days, which have resulted in dozens of injuries and two deaths, the Israeli government on Sunday transferred Ebola screening equipment to the Palestinian Authority and Hamas. One dead, three wounded in Palestinian stabbing attacks Israeli police Russian combat troops have entered Ukraine along with tanks, artillery and air defence systems, Nato commander says Study Brazilian cops killed more than 11,000 people in 5 years Mormon leaders have acknowledged for the first time that the churchs founder and prophet, Joseph Smith, took as many as 40 wives, some already married and one only 14 years old. Nestle under fire in Mexico after tweeted joke about 43 missing students Tony Abbott has confronted Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the APEC leaders' summit in Beijing, holding him complicit in the downing of flight MH17 and calling for Russia to apologise and consider restitution. US and China reach historic climate change deal, vow to cut emissions Four Russian warships bearing down on Australia Rotherham child sex abuse Police 'ripped up files' India 11 women die, 62 more hospitalized after being paid to be sterilized As the Rosetta orbiter nears the comet ChuryumovGerasimenko 67P and prepares to fire the Philae lander at its surface, scientists from the European Space Agency (ESA) have been puzzled by an unexpected phenomenon the comet is singing. Azerbaijan shoots down Armenian helicopter in Karabakh India's First Manned Space Mission in 2021 ISRO Chairman Video Appears To Show A Brave Syrian Boy Running Through Sniper Fire To Save A Little Girl Israeli officer arrested in Connection with killing of 2 Palestinian teenagers. French lawmakers to vote November 28 on recognizing Palestine Global watchdogs fine five major banks $3.4billion in forex scandal The last of the 888,246 ceramic poppies was planted today at the Tower of London on the 100th anniversary of WWI Former CIA detainees claim US torture investigators never interviewed them Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday accused Ukraines government of interfering with the investigation into the downing of a Malaysia Airlines jet in July that killed 298 people. Moderate Syrian rebels defecting to ISIS, blaming lack of U.S. support and weapons Rudaw, the largest Kurdish media network, has been blocked from Facebook after placing a picture of the house of jailed PKK/YPGleader Abdullah Ocalan. Facebook has not responded to this violation of press freedom. Turkish PM Nothing will prevent us from protecting Jerusalem The bill for closing down and cleaning up the worlds ageing nuclear reactors will exceed $100bn over the next 25 years alone, the International Energy Agency has said, warning that governments risk underestimating the cost. U.S. states' pot legalization not in line with international law U.N. agency Hamas among richest terror groups worldwide  second only to ISIS European robot probe Philae has made the first, historic landing on a comet, after descending from its mothership Comet probe Philae now stable Six of the largest banks in the world have been collectively fined over $4 billion by regulators for manipulating the world's foreign exchange rates The lawyer behind the Fifa report which clears Qatar of corruption for the 2022 World Cup bid says the report is 'inaccurate and incomplete' The CEO of the Royal Bank of Scotland told the BBC that he cringed when he saw copies of the chat room messages which talk of making free money and keeping numpties out of the market. The groups of bankers colluded to fix foreign exchange rates for the advantage of their banks. And themselves. 'We crossed the line', US admits to UN antitorture body Germany warns antisemitism rising on back of Middle East violence 'Tiger on the loose' near Paris Microsoft Open Sources .NET, Saying It Will Run On Linux and Mac The man who led Russias winning bid for the 2018 World Cup has denied deliberately obstructing Fifas investigation into alleged corruption during the bid process after it emerged evidence had been destroyed. Mecca under threat Outrage at plan to destroy the birthplace of the Prophet Mohamed and replace it with a new palace and luxury malls Russia plans longrange bomber flights near U.S. shores Northern European nations to boost military cooperation against Russia Genitalia replaced with ducklings and dolphins in Turkish schoolbooks Chinese hack U.S. Weather systems, satellite network 2030 the far distant future says Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott. Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has reached a record high this year, a UN report has revealed, highlighting the failure of the USled campaign to crack down on the lucrative crop. Protesters over missing students in Mexico burn state assembly Demonstrators set fire to the local legislature building on Wednesday in the capital of the southwestern state of Guerrero in protests over the apparent massacre of 43 students by corrupt police and thugs from drug gangs. Iraqi Christian fighters retake town Israel announces it won't cooperate with UN Gaza probe Alberta fishermen land rare fossil of neverbeforeseen dinosaur Russian bomber patrols to reach Gulf of Mexico Shell ignored internal warnings over Nigeria oil spills, documents suggest | Documents filed at London high court suggest Shell didnt act on advice to fix aged pipeline and underplayed magnitude of two spills in Nigeria in 2008 India wins U.S. support for food scheme, ends WTO blockade Russia denies NATO accusations over troops in Ukraine Comet Landing 2014 Rosetta Probe Philae Discovers Organic Molecules Report Sushi eaters pushing Pacific bluefin tuna to brink of extinction Putin claims west is provoking Russia into new cold war I saw MP kill boy at paedophile party, says alleged victim A group of doctors and nurses is urging the Ontario government to ban an agricultural pesticide blamed for the deaths of bees and other insect pollinators. Cannabis extract can have dramatic effect on brain cancer, says new research Five killed in apparent Jerusalem terror attack 9/11 terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui has claimed that Saudi Embassy officials were involved in a plot to shoot down Air Force One to assassinate Bill Clinton and/or Hillary Clinton during a trip to the United Kingdom. Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he is dissolving parliament and calling an early election. Israeli Researchers We Can Detect Breast Cancer With Simple Blood Test Spanish navy rams Greenpeace boat and injures activists India Says No to Coal Plant After Inadequate Environmental Impact Assessment  Judges found the casual approach to the projects environmental impact patently unacceptable, citing faulty methodology as well as unreliable & inadequate data collection. Frankfurt becomes the first financial center in Europe to settle payments in Chinese yuan without converting to US dollars first. Toyota to launch hydrogenpowered car that runs on compressed hydrogen gas without emitting exhaust Qatar, currently embroiled in controversy over the award of the 2022 World Cup, has now been chosen to host the 2019 World Athletics Championships. Palestinians in Gaza celebrate terror attack at Jerusalem synagogue Obama states that he would order US Troops into combat if ISIS got nuclear weapons Egypt to expand buffer zone with Gaza after finding longer tunnels The Islamic State (ISIS) is being supplied with weapons through planes landing in areas controlled by the militants, the head of Iraqs security and defence committee said. Qatar country with fourth highest rate of slavery NGO Nearly 1,000 people took to the streets of Nairobi on Monday to protest against a series of vicious public attacks on women who were stripped naked and assaulted for wearing miniskirts or other clothing perceived to be immodest More Than 1 Million People in Russia Live as Slaves, Study Finds Swedish ISP protects customers from surveillance with free VPN The Free Syrian Army (FSA), the recognized armed opposition group against the Bashar alAssad in Syria, has ceased its resistance in Aleppo, Syrias second biggest city, withdrawing its 14,000 militia from the city Pope Kids have a right to both mums and dads 2 new subatomic particles discovered at CERN South Korea to raise $500 billion for unification Man Tests Positive For Ebola In Delhi, India Religious extremism main cause of terrorism, according to report North Korea refutes war crimes charge and says its human rights system is advantageous | Pyongyang goes into diplomatic overdrive as UN General Assembly votes to refer the Communist state to the ICC for prosecution. Five Thai students held for 'Hunger Games' salute at Prime Minister India is home to 14 million modern slaves. Turkey RedHack deletes $670K in electric bills France 'blocks' Russian sailors from boarding warship The United Arab Emirates has officially designated 83 groups as terrorist organizations, including two based in the U.S., the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations (CAIR) and the Muslim American Society Father claims police covered up son's murder by Westminster paedophile ring China Takes a Historic Step in its Embrace of WesternStyle Capitalism  opens its stock markets to the west, but caution is in order Female Inmates in Notorious Indian Prison Say Guards Forced Them Into Prostitution Ukraine is preparing for military assault on the east, Russian foreign minister says Two bodies authorities believe to belong to Miss Honduras 2014 and her sister have been found buried Spains Congress votes in favor of recognizing Palestinian state Egypt Will Demolish a Town in its Expanded Gaza Buffer Zone Israeli PM Netanyahu orders the military to erect security checkpoints at crossings into East Jerusalem for the first time in decades. The usage of Agent Orange and military defoliants in Okinawa is one of the best kept secrets of the Cold War, said Tokyobased journalist. N. Korea Defectors Urge Switzerland to Freeze Leaders' Funds Muslim majority Indonesias capital gets Christian leader Erdogan slams ridicule of 'Muslims discovered Americas' claim India has quarantined a man who was cured of Ebola in Liberia but continued to show traces of the virus in samples of his semen after arriving in the country This huge blast lit up the whole sky over Russia's Urals Four men, including the victim's father and brother, have been sentenced to death in Pakistan for the murder of a pregnant woman bludgeoned to death in the centre of the country's secondlargest city for marrying against her family's wishes. Brazil declares emergency after 2,400 babies are born with brain damage, possibly due to mosquitoborne virus This is an unprecedented situation, unprecedented in world scientific research, Brazil's health ministry said in a statement on its website Scientists find big 1500yrold Viking settlement under new airport site  Midden, or garbage, materials of this age have never been found before in Norway. What's emerging is a rare look at a culture that's long gone, along with the lost coastline that once nourished it. Paris attacks Belgian police arrest ninth suspect Wiretapping reveals communication between Turkish officers and Islamic State Russia airstrikes Hundreds of Syrian civilans killed Pakistan changes neutral position on Syrian Civil War; now against any attempt to remove Assaad North Korean diplomat arrested in South Africa, expelled over rhino horn trade German teachers want 'Mein Kampf' on syllabus North Korea slave force earns Kim Jong Un regime $300M 50,000 Yemeni Forces Preparing to Attack Saudi Arabia, a Military Source Says Irish government rules out fracking in the Republic of Ireland Americans in Beijing warned of terrorism threat; parts of city locked down Shin Bet arrests Nazareth area cousins, ISIS operatives who planned attacks in Israel Baghdad holds Christmas celebrations out of respect for Iraq's persecuted Christian community Fireworks will illuminate the Tigris river every night of the week and a 25metre Christmas tree has been set up in Zawraa public park. French cabinet backs plans to embed emergency antiterror laws in constitution The French government has outlined proposals for constitutional amendments which would shield stateofemergency measures from legal challenges. Some French nationals could be stripped of their nationality Report on sexual exploitation and abuse by peacekeepers and United Nations staff of the very people they are meant to be protecting. Baby girl dies after Xpresident's son's staff denies entry to hospital  Pakistan China smog sparks red alerts in 10 cities US planned East Berlin's 'systematic destruction' The US Air Force planned to drop 91 atomic bombs in and around East Berlin in the event of the Cold War turning hot, documents released on Wednesday showed. Qatar World Cup 2022 workers 'earning as little as $1.50 per hour' Thai Court Sentences Two to Death for Killings of British Backpackers Germany Pays to Halt Danish Wind Power to Protect Own Output  Germanys wind farms are now producing so much electricity one of its grid managers is paying generators in neighboring Denmark to shut down to keep its network from overloading Egypts President Sisi Urges Islamic Scholars to Send Christmas Greetings, Calls for Reform in Islamic Discourse Russia Rejects Amnesty Internationals Report on Syria Raids, Calls total lies Cameron, Osborne and Murdoch back together at mogul's Christmas kneesup Party at magnate's London flat saw half the Tory cabinet and Rebekah Brooks in attendance and marks Rupert Murdoch's return to the centre of political power Claims that boys were murdered by VIP sex ring are credible and true  British Police Kurds recapture large area from ISIS Sydney's chief Islamic funeral director yesterday declared no Muslim funeral home would accept the body of terrorist Man Haron Monis and authorities should just dump his corpse at sea or chuck him in the bloody shithouse. Apple is failing to protect workers in Chinese factories, according to an undercover BBC investigation. Exhausted workers were filmed falling asleep on their 12hour shifts at a Shanghai factory. One employee had to work 18 days in a row despite repeated requests for a day off. A suitcasesized Canadian satellite whose funding has been eliminated by the Canadian Space Agency has codiscovered a new planet in another solar system Ukraine forms 'ministry of truth' to regulate the media Archaeologists working on a site near Stonehenge say they have found an untouched 6,000yearold encampment which could rewrite British history. Seabirds 'steer clear' of offshore wind farms. British Trust for Ornithology finds 99% of birds avoid wind turbines, easing fears over the impact of blades General Motor, Audi and Jaguar halt car sales in Russia on ruble's collapse | 80% of British Public Want Greens Included in TV Debate UN Identifies Israel as Top Contributor Per Capita in Fight Against Ebola Isis supporters 'offering cash to British girls as young as 14 to become jihadi brides in Syria'. Boko Haram kidnaps 185 women and children, kills 32 people Leaked Internal CIA Document Admits US Drone Program Counterproductive ...clandestine drone and assassination program was likely to produce counterproductive outcomes, including strengthening the very extremist groups it was allegedly designed to destroy ISIL decapitates man in Iraq on charges of sorcery Former Catholic brother Bernard McGrath will be extradited to Australia to face 252 childsex abuse charges. Putin falsely calls out drunk journalist  who is really a 2x stroke survivor The UN General Assembly has called for North Korea to be referred to the International Criminal Court over alleged crimes against humanity, in a landmark resolution adopted by a strong majority. Ireland Repays $11 Billion to IMF Years Early Russian shopping frenzy has become so intense everybody from IKEA to Jaguar has run out of stock | Muscovites rushed to the shops this week after a plunge in the value of the ruble brought fears that imported goods would soon soar in price. Gaza rocket hits Israel for second time since summer war Sony hackers leaked more than 50 scripts from Sony movies Record number of states vote for UN resolution on death penalty moratorium 117 states voted for international freeze on executions, leaving the US increasingly isolated with 'no' vote Putin says Russia's military doctrine 'remains purely defensive' ProTaliban Cleric Now Wants Them Dead After Child Massacre Iran this week unveiled a monument to Jewish soldiers killed in the IranIraq War, which lasted from 1980 to 1988 and saw both countries suffer millions of casualties and billions of dollar in damage. Jewish community leaders and a number of Iranian religious officials took part in the ceremony. Activists to Drop 'Interview' DVDs Over North Korea Via Balloon Curiosity Rover Drills Into Mars Rock, Finds Water Vladimir Putin compares Russia to cornered bear, warning citizens to brace for recession that could last two years Qatar hires $8 fake fans to fill empty stadiums | Migrant workers in Qatar get one dollar an hour for sitting in the stadiums and pretending to have fun, to applaud and to do the wave Pope Francis played key role in U.S.Cuba deal Belarussian President Demands Russia Trade Be Carried Out in Dollars, Euros Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has demanded that Belarus's transactions with Russia be settled in dollars or euros because of the slump in the value of Russia's ruble Navajos reclaim sacred masks at Paris auction Nearly 97 percent of the airstrikes against ISIL in Syria during December have been carried out by the United States alone, according to U.S. military data. Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, the main accused in the Mumbai terrorist attack is granted bail by a Pakistani court only days after the Peshawar massacre. Russian officials try to quell rising panic concerning a possible bank run. This is a very dangerous situation, we are just a few days away from a fullblown run on the banks, Russia's leading business daily wrote in an editorial Wednesday. Swedish farright leader Jews must abandon religious identity to be Swedes U.S. will bid for 2024 Olympics The Pakistani military has killed 57 terrorists in airstrikes since Tuesday's school shooting The bodies of more than 230 people believed to have been killed by Islamic State (IS) have been found in a mass grave in eastern Syria, activists say. Oil from a wrecked tanker is creating a disaster in the waters of Bangladesh's Sundarbans, the largest contiguous tidal mangrove forest in the world and a haven for a spectacular array of species, including the rare Irrawaddy and Gangetic dolphins and the highly endangered Bengal tiger. Dutch government officials have acknowledged the country's secret service sometimes taps the communications of lawyers who represent terrorism suspects. Suspect in 2002 terrorist attack on Moscow theater, The Chechen Khasan Zakayev, has been detained while trying to cross from Ukraine to Crimea with a fake passport North Sea oil industry 'close to collapse' Venezuela President Maduro hails Obama's 'courageous' Cuba gesture Swiss interest rates turn negative  Swiss National Bank cuts interest rate to minus 0.25% FIFA Investigator Michael J. Garcia Quits in Dispute Over Report Political opponent calls for Putin's exit as Russia slides into crisis Ethiopian rabbis accuse Israeli rabbinate of racial discrimination Under Abbas, Majority of Palestinians Say They Can't Speak Freely North Korea missile launch expected in next 24 to 48 hours Australia's most seniorranked Catholic says Jews 'intellectually and morally inferior' 7.0 Earthquake Mexico the third big quake today North Korea doesn't launch missile but tension remains. Chinese workers in Zimbabwe are buying up the local wildlife for dinner, feasting on endangered tortoises, pythons, leopards  and even village dogs. China Deletes Thousands of Online Posts Amid Scandal 6.2 Earthquake Followed By A 6.9 In Gulf Of California Fear of Honor Killings Immigrants Flee Families to Find Themselves   Hundreds of young female immigrants are hiding from their families in Germany after fleeing oppression, physical violence and even death threats.  Iceland's volcanoes may power UK The energy minister is to visit Iceland in May to discuss connecting the UK to its abundant geothermal energy
 German brother and sister in incestuous relationship lose European Court of Human Rights case. Germany 'is entitled to ban incest'. A bus carrying foreign journalists in North Korea takes a wrong turn, giving them a rare glimpse of everyday life in the secretive nation. Unemployment in Greece hits new record high of 21.8 percent Tony Blair channels Ronald Reagan, doesn't remember sending dissidents to Libya for torture Hen Swedens new gender neutral pronoun causes controversy. Wrong Turn Grants Glimpse Behind N. Korean Curtain  NPR For every kilo of cocaine that is seized, we want to be compensated 50 percent by the consumer countries, said Perez recently, arguing its the USs responsibility to pick up more of the counterdrug tab for the regions poorest nations. China sends 3rd ship in standoff with Philippines Bolivian judge defends divination technique  has rejected calls to resign after he admitted reading coca leaves to help him make decisions. Women in Uzbekistan Forcibly or Unknowingly Sterilized By the Gov't EFF Polish digital civil rights group recently published harrowing findings regarding abuses of Polands mandatory data retention law Frances Socialists Promise to Withdraw French Troops From Afghanistan by 2013 Syria refugees ridicule Assads commitment to peace  His words are all gibberish. This ceasefire wont last long. Assad has been promising this for a year. I dont think hell withdraw either his tanks or his troops.  Erased Why Tens of Thousands of Haitian Youth Do Not Officially Exist  Dominican laws have stripped citizenship from many young people of Haitian descent, barring them from legal employment, education, even marriage. MI6 antiterrorism officials' phone call is recorded and leaked on internet by hacking group TeamPoison 'Tortured' Libyan wants answers from Blair  A Libyan military commander who is suing the British Government over its alleged complicity in his rendition and torture yesterday demanded answers from Tony Blair and Jack Straw.  Oxford University and the Vatican Library to digitize 1.5 million pages of ancient texts and images and make them freely available online ACTA Suffers Major Setback; European Parliament Will Seemingly Reject Legislation North Korea launches longrange rocket | YONHAP NEWS At Fallujah hospital they cannot offer any statistics on children born with birth defects  there are just too many. Parents dont want to talk. Families bury their newborn babies after they die without telling anyone, Antigay adverts which were scheduled to be on London buses have been blocked by the conservative mayor of London Boris Johnson   Hundreds of orangutans killed in north Indonesian forest fires deliberately started by palm oil firms. Christian antigay adverts to be placed on London buses London mayor sued after banning Christian group's antigay ads on buses 14YearOld Girls to be Charged with Attempted Murder in Beating of Classmate with Disability
 'Gay Cure' Buses Banned in London North Korea launches rocket; rocket broke apart after launch, U.S. official said. BBC News  Can a hallucinogen from Africa cure addiction? Obese bodies have led to fire emergencies at several German crematoriums. EU Rapporteur Deals Major Blow To ACTA; Recommends Rejection By European Parliament Iran We do not want nuclear weapons Nobel laureate banned from Israel over critical poem says only other countries that excluded him were East Germany and Burma Spain warned Argentina Friday it risks becoming an international pariah if it tries to wrest control of energy company Repsols majority stake in its South American YPF unit, raising tensions between the 2 nations & sending Repsols shares plunging Why North Korea's launch failure was the worst possible outcome, second only to striking China. Failed rocket launch could push North Korea to conduct nuclear test GMO Tree Field Trial Destroyed in New Zealand EU Threatens Bank Bonus Clampdown  Average bonuses paid to bank executives across the EU is 122% of basic pay, & for other staff (mainly traders) it was 139%.  However, in 1 unnamed country,  averages were 220% & 313% respectively, & in 1 case a bonus was over 9 times the basic pay. Portugal considers 'Terabyte Tax'  money grabbing legislation in an ailing economy The opposition  Portuguese Socialist Party  proposes a new tax on storage devices, all in the name of copyright protection  yet all but killing off HDD sales in the country. London university with 20% Muslim population considers alcoholfree zones Call for compulsory contraception in the Netherlands  The Netherlands needs legal provisions to allow compulsory contraception for serious drug addicts, psychiatric patients and the mentally handicapped.  Muslim Woman's Bra Photo Sparks Controversy Israel is forcing airlines to cancel flights of +1000 peace activitists trying to visit the Palestinian West Bank. The richest, fattest nation on Earth (is not the United States) U.S. Allies Call for Drug Legalisation An increasingly large chorus of nations  ravaged by trafficking and violence  say it's now time to rethink international drug policy. Condemned to die shortly after birth for being a girl, outspoken Afghan member of parliament Fawzia Koofi lived to become a champion of women's rights and is now eyeing the presidency in 2014. A North Korean Press Bus Took A Wrong Turn And 
Showed Journalists The Real Pyongyang  Catalonia village says yes to drugs.Residents of the village voted on a plan to plant cannabis on a large scale as a way out of the financial crisis. One of Italy's top universities has sent shockwaves through the country's higher education system by announcing that from 2014 its courses will be taught exclusively in English. The radical move by Milan's Politecnico university will . . . 'contribute to the growth of the country'. B.C. movie theatres now eligible for liquor licences (Canada)  B.C. Supreme Court justice strikes down section of medical marijuana law  We took THC and cannabis away from pharmaceuticals this morning and put it back in peoples backyards where they can make their own medicines. 

 Guatemalan President responds to Obama, and continues to push drug decriminalization at the Summit of the Americas in Cartagena Some Canadian Health Experts Have Noticed The Drug War and Tough on Crime Things Not Working So Well Leaders rethink the war on drugs at Summit of the Americas  Latin American leaders are pushing to make a Cartagena summit a moment that sparks the world to redefine its approach to drugs. Stephen Harper, and U.S. President Barack Obama, have vowed to stand in the way. In rare move, North Korea admits to missile failure Investment in food commodities by banks and hedge funds has risen from $65bn to $126bn (41bn to 79bn) in the past five years,helping to push prices to 30year highs and causing sharp price fluctuations that have little to do with the actual supply of food, says the United Nations' leading expert Panama Castaways Were Spotted By Cruise Ship Passengers  And Ignored By Ship's Captain   2 of the 3 later died Glencore, the commodity and mining firm worth 27bn, stands accused in the Democratic Republic of Congo of dumping raw acid and profiting from children working 150ft underground. Teen protester 'shot in chest' in Bahrain Boy among several people wounded when police opened fire as thousands joined funeral procession Report German ship carrying Iranian arms bound for Syria stopped at sea Canada issues glowinthedark dinosaur quarter Norwegian gunman Breivik determined to somehow prove that killing 77 people, most of them teenagers, was an act of selfdefense A Russian City Always on the Watch Against Being Sucked Into the Earth Sarkozy  rarely is a world leader caught in such a blatant lie. Embarrassed by rocket crash, North Korea may try nuclear test BBC News  Syria ceasefire Security forces 'fire at protesters' The Royal Canadian Mint wants to get rid of pocket change  and it's enlisting hackertypes for help. Less than a week after the government announced the penny's impending death, the Mint quietly unveiled its digital currency called MintChip. Columbia calls on US and Canada to decriminalize drugs Kuwaiti lawmakers voted in favour of a legal amendment that would make insulting God and the Prophet Mohammed punishable by death, following a furore over a Shiite man who allegedly posted defamatory material on Twitter Three people in Brazil arrested for killing women and using their flesh to make empanadas MPAAAffiliated AntiPiracy Group Mysteriously Disappears INFACT  the MPAAs eyes and ears in Ireland  has simply disappeared. There has been no announcement as to its fate and its website, INFACT.ie, has completely gone. Argentinian Farmers take on Monsanto and Philip 
Morris over epidemic of birth defects Pakistan's parliament votes unanimously to demand an end to US drone strikes Photo of Muslim Woman Holding Bra Causes Tensions  Canada The United Nations Security Council has unanimously voted to authorise the deployment of unarmed observers to Syria to monitor the country's ceasefire. North Korea's leader Kim Jongun speaks publicly for the first time Multiple blasts and gunfire have been heard in the 
centre of Kabul. School revolution on the way?  India's Supreme Court upholds law forcing private schools to admit poor students. The move is lauded by some as an equalizer on par with the decision to desegregate American schools in the 1960s.
 400 inmates escape from prison in Pakistan Farright antiMuslim network on rise globally as Breivik trial opens. Taliban launch assaults across Afghanistan  Suicide bombers have struck in Kabul and other sites across Afghanistan. The attacks show that militants still remain a potent force capable of hitting at the heart of the capital.  Egyptian election officials have barred 10 candidates from the presidential poll, including former spy chief Omar Suleiman and the Muslim Brotherhood's Khairat alShater. Japan Seeks Nuclear Restart Amidst Opposition In Nigeria, a Preview of an Overcrowded Planet  NYTimes.com Series of attacks shake Kabul  Kabul  Embassies targeted in Taliban 'spring offensive'  Iran nuclear talks seen as 'constructive and useful'  Iran and six world powers held constructive and useful talks Saturday in Turkey as international diplomats seek to persuade Tehran to rein in its nuclear program. Vicar goes to the hospital with a potato in his anus Italy goes big to save Venice as it sinks into the sea
A multibilliondollar floodprevention system will be put in place starting next year, a decade after the project began. British businessman, Neil Heywood, was 'poisoned by cyanide drops' in China With one week to go before France heads to the polls for a first round of voting, presidential rivals Franois Hollande and Nicolas Sarkozy are set to stage competing rallies in Paris on Sunday, in a last ditch effort to woo voters.  A 17yearold high school student has been detained on suspicion of trying to blackmail billionaire Suleiman Kerimov and a St. Petersburg city official into paying him a combined $11 million No one was murdered in El Salvador on Saturday, in what was the first homicidefree day in nearly three years. Sweden Grants Religious Recognition To FileSharing Church Sweden has accepted that a 'church' which believes in filesharing as a religion a move that will not please the Hollywood studios Spain's 74yearold king came under scathing criticism Sunday for going on an expensive elephant hunting trip in Botswana amid the nation's deep financial woes. Spanish newspapers were filled with accounts of how hunting trips to Botswana cost more than most Spaniards earn in a year.  Former President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, calls on US to legalize drugs This war on drugs is totally lost.  Indian skeptic charged with blasphemy for revealing secret behind miracle of weeping cross. The notion that democracy and capitalism are interlinked is nonsense To the world's military leaders, the debate over climate change is long over. They are preparing for a new kind of Cold War in the Arctic, anticipating that rising temperatures there will open up a treasure trove of resources, longdreamedof sea lanes and a slew of potential conflicts. ACTA suffers major blow following European rejection call In Latin America, 'critical mass' urges end to drug war  BBC News  Norway puts Anders Behring Breivik on trial for murder China Now Tops U.S. in Space Launches Unified Latin America Challenges Failed US/Canada Policies on Drug War, Cuba, and Finance Canada and US left in isolation in a vote on a resolution to put an end to Cuba's exclusion (322 vote) at a meeting of foreign ministers that was to approve documents to be signed by the presidents. Switzerland will allow banks to hand over the names of any employees and other third parties who helped wealthy Americans evade taxes to U.S. prosecutors, a Swiss newspaper reported on Saturday [14 April 2012]. Some Asian glaciers are defying the global trend and growing. Mexico Passes Climate Law, Only 2nd in the World Unprecedented Latin American opposition to U.S. sanctions on Cuba left President Barack Obama isolated at a summit on Sunday and illustrated Washington's declining influence in a region being aggressively courted by China. Summit of the Americas ends in acrimony A Unified Latin America Challenges Failed US/Canada Policies on the Drug War, Cuba, & Finance  Last Summit of the Americas without Cuba sees an alternative rise to challenge the old hegemony of outdated US policies; Argentina walked out over impasses The British businessman whose murder has sparked political upheaval in China was poisoned after he threatened to expose a plan by a Chinese leader's wife to move money abroad.  Norway massmurder suspect that killed 77, claims selfdefense Starting this summer, the Center for Copyright Information (CCI) will start to track down pirates as part of an agreement between the MPAA, RIAA and all the major ISPs. After six warnings ISPs may take a variety of measures against offenders, including bandwidth throttling and disconnections. Spain's King Juan Carlos under fire over elephant hunting trip Israeli TV report shows air force gearingup for Iran attack, says moment of truth is near  the report ... was remarkable both in terms of the access granted to the reporter ... and in the fact that his assessments on the strike were cleared by the military censor. Dutch Pirate Party ordered to shut down Pirate Bay proxy within 6 hours, or face a fine of 10,000 euros per day. Drought Causing Desperation on Farms in England  Although the public are aware of the drought, they're disconnected from the stark situation.  Farmers must plan for a future with much less water. Despite innocent verdict, blasphemy accused shot dead in Pakistan Ten police officers were arrested after the owner of a used autoparts business filed a complaint accusing the officers of kidnapping and torturing him because he refused to pay them a bribe. He was burned to death inside his home in Juarez right before he was scheduled to testify.  About 150 Afghan schoolgirls poisoned in antieducation attack The Supreme Court of Canada ruled that the current emergency wiretap provision that allows for surveillance without a court order is unconstitutional. Quebec shuts down Scientologylinked Narconon center for dangerous practices; Narconon treated drug addicts with purification treatments concocted by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard. Scientology's medical claims are widely considered to be prime examples of quackery The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms has replaced the American Bill of Rights as the constitutional document most emulated by other nations. While the presidents of Guatemala, Colombia, Costa Rica and El Salvador have voiced support for an end to the drug war, President Obama rejected their calls for drug legalization during highlevel talks at the Summit of the Americas in Colombia. Where do France's election candidates stand? Learn the French presidential candidates' stances on everything from economy and migration to foreign policy and the EU.  Palestinian man sentenced to death for selling home to Jews Israel forces tourist to pledge to avoid proPalestinian activities as condition for entry. Tim BernersLee urges UK Government to drop internet surveillance plans Prime Minister Julia Gillard says Australia will withdraw its troops from Afghanistan earlier than planned Argentina has nationalised YPF, the former and once again state oil company, as a matter of public interest King of Spain faces calls to abdicate after elephant hunt The King of Spain who is recovering in hospital after injuring his hip during a fall while elephant hunting in Botswana faced calls to abdicate amid growing controversy over the trip.  Pakistan building its own fleet of military drones Former NASA Astrophysicist and Microsoft Chairman appointed interim prime minister of Mali. Spain Vows Argentina Trade War as Repsol Seeks $10.5 Billion Canadian commercial airline pilot mistook the planet Venus for an oncoming aircraft, sending his own plane into a dive and injuring 16 people.  Imagining Cuba after Chvez   Venezuela provides Cuba with up to $15 billion a year, which helps offset the US embargo. But there is the real possibility Chvez may not win or survive another sixyear term as president. Earthquake reported in Chile M6.5   Hacienda La Calera, Chile 20120417 035017 UTC The Bollywood actress Meenakshi Thapar, who appeared in last year's thriller 404, was recently kidnapped and murdered in a gruesome manner.  Volcano Erupts within View of Mexico City 20 buried Spitfires found in Burma Spanish King Juan Carlos spends 27,000 to murder elephants while his country drowns in debt and half of youngsters are jobless Baby with six legs born in Pakistan, the father is an Xray technician JeanLuc Mlenchon's policies are no farleft fantasy (No wonder the Left Front candidate is on the rise in France. He offers practical solutions where neoliberalism has failed) 'Each time police shut Pirate Bay, well multiply other servers' | No matter how many times law enforcement cracks down on The Pirate Bay, it will find a way to reopen, the Berlin chairman of the Pirate Party said World Wide Web inventor says Internet should be 'human right' Google is closing Google News in Spain and removing Spanish media outlets from the service ahead of new law forcing Google to pay for using publishers content A $104 million donation from Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah has helped restore food vouchers for 1.7 million Syrian refugees as winter approaches. New Leak Reveals Luxembourg Tax Deals for Disney, Koch Brothers Empire New documents reveal Canadian Govt. opted out of nearly every resolution to protect endangered species at last CITES convention, filing more reservations in 2013 than Iceland, Japan, and the UK have over the entire 39year history of the treaty. We found an ancient lake on Mars  a sign the planet may have once been habitable Brazil president weeps as she unveils report on military dictatorship's abuses. Dilma Rousseff was herself tortured; 191 people killed; 243 disappeared. US and UK trained interrogators in torture during 196485 military rule Mass online surveillance and censorship of what people see on the web appear to be getting worse, according to the latest report from Tim BernersLees World Wide Web Foundation ISIS throw man off roof for being gay Full scale of plastic in the world's oceans revealed for first time  over 5,000,000,000,000 pieces. Peru indignant at Greenpeace stunt at ancient Nazca lines  Peru will seek criminal charges against Greenpeace activists who damaged the worldrenowned Nazca lines by leaving footprints in the adjacent desert during a publicity stunt China urges U.S. to correct ways after torture report India, the worlds thirdlargest polluter, will spend at least $100 billion on climaterelated projects but isnt ready to follow China and the U.S., the top two emitters, in promising to limit its fossilfuel emissions. Russia raises interest rates to 10.5% U.S. Navy says new laser weapon is ready for action Piles of bodies discovered in Sierra Leone as number of confirmed cases increases past 100 a day.  Ebola burial teams exhausted. RussianIndian reactor deal | Russian President Putin and Indian Prime Minister Modi have announced a deal for Moscow to help New Delhi build more nuclear reactors More than 100,000 people show up in Dublin to protest the water taxes being forced on the Irish people. US agency infiltrated Cuban hiphop scene to spark youth unrest A soldier in Somalia has avenged the killing of his wife by shooting dead five women related to militant Islamists, an official has said. He suspected that the women had colluded with the murderers of his wife, who was also a soldier, he added. China's Urumqi bans Islamic veil, sparking rights concerns Abe defends Japans secrets law that could jail whistleblowers for 10 years Mexican citizen interrupts Malala Yousafzai's Nobel Prize ceremony Palestinian minister autopsy reveals he died from heart attack UK Porn protest to shock with mass facesitting and fake sex The CIA's harsh interrogations of terrorist detainees during the Bush era didn't work, were more brutal than previously revealed and delivered no ticking time bom information that prevented an attack, according to an explosive Senate report released Tuesday. C.I.A. Kept Bush Ill Informed on Interrogation Tactics, Torture Report Says UN official wants CIA and Bush administration officials prosecuted for torture  and says any country can do it Ebola Fighters Are TIME's Person of the Year 2014 Two psychologists who pushed torture program were paid $81 million for their work Russian Billionaire buys Nobel Prize and hands it back to scientist ExCIA Operative Says Prison Was Punishment for Whistleblowing on Torture | John Kiriakou is the only CIA employee connected to its interrogation program to go to prison. But he was prosecuted for providing info to reporters, not for actions that todays Senate Intel Committee report calls torture Income inequality slows GDP | Today's economy would be bigger if the richest 10 percent hadn't increased their share of total income. Greenpeace damages Nazca lines while setting up a banner. Pirate Bay sets sail for Costa Rica following Swedish raid CIA lied over 'brutal' interrogations. Indian Government decriminalizes attempt to commit suicide, removes section 309 Extremists using immigrant gangs to intimidate in Denmark NASAs Curiosity rover finds evidence of 3.5 billion year old Water Lake in Gale Crater The CIAs post9/11 embrace of torture was brutal and ineffective  and the agency repeatedly lied about its usefulness, a milestone report by the Senate intelligence committee released on Tuesday concludes Gorbachev calls for U.S.Russia summit to defrost ties This is extremely dangerous, with tensions as high as they are now. We may not live through these days someone could lose their nerve, he wrote in a commentary entitled To unfreeze relations for government daily Rossiyskaya Gazeta. North Korea asks a former detainee to pay the bill for his stay New leaked documents reveal more firms, including Skype and the Koch empire, use Grand Duchy for favourable tax arrangements, putting pressure on European Commission president, JeanClaude Juncker One in five Australian households now use solar Pakistan's blasphemy laws backfire on religious groups Kim Dotcom Is Not a Fugitive, Court Hears  In a new court filing Megaupload's legal team refutes the U.S. Government's claim that Kim Dotcom and his former colleagues are fugitives. The filing further reveals efforts to uncover the MPAA's involvement in the criminal investigation into Megaupload... George W. Bush The U.S. didn't use torture against suspected terrorists British windfarms set new power production record. 43% of Britains homes were powered by wind last Sunday Tanzania's albino community 'Killed like animals' Visa, MasterCard sued for blocking donations to WikiLeaks Leak Exposes Hollywood's Global AntiPiracy Strategy US may have had black site in Romania, says ex spy chief China used more cement in the last three years than the US used in the entire 20th century. Taliban kill 12 landmine clearers  Taliban gunmen have shot dead 12 people working to clear landmines in southern Helmand province, Afghan police say. Russia says will react if U.S. imposes new sanctions. China tests hypersonic strike vehicle that can breach US missile shield A motherofsix has been jailed for five years and three months for promoting terrorism on Facebook There is now a direct freight train route between China and Madrid, Spain. The journey takes 21 days and covers 13,000 km through seven countries. Google will reportedly move engineers out of its Russian office to avoid the country's increasingly restrictive Internet freedom laws. After 3 decades, Germany is reinvestigating its most mysterious terrorist attack India holds man running one of the biggest proISIL Twitter account Protesters have set fire to several empty buildings allocated to house the increasing number of asylum seekers arriving in Germany. Today Swiss parliament passed bill that gives authorities power to investigate FIFA Pope Francis refuses to meet with Dalai Lama, reportedly to avoid upsetting China Mexicans search for bodies reveals a history of hidden deaths ButtBreathing Turtle Now Critically Endangered  Unfortunately, breathing out of your butt requires very specific conditions that no longer exist in the turtles only habitat, Queenslands Connors River and three nearby catchments. Dams, weirs, agriculture and mining have left the water sluggish. Edward Snowden lawyer calls on Europeans to prosecute US torture architects | They need to know that theyll run into severe trouble if they enter Europe; Wolfgang Kaleck represented Khaled El Masri, who was tortured by the CIA Iran Extends Visas for 450,000 Afghan Refugees After U.S. torture report, Poland asks what its leaders knew. UN peacekeeping troops fire at protesters demanding resignation of Haiti's prime minister Denmark votes against recognizing Palestine Zen Temple In Japan Becomes First To Perform SameSex Marriage Ceremonies Leaked EU Commission plot to ditch waste and air pollution laws Hundreds of British troops are to be sent to Iraq next month to help win the fight against Isis militants, the Defence Secretary has said. Canada just made it legal for police to search your cellphone without a warrant upon arrest. Untrained CIA Agents Were Just Making Up Torture Methods As They Went Along A facesitting protest is happening outside Parliament in the UK as people protest new laws banning many acts in pornography ISIS releases horrifying sex slave pamphlet, justifies child rape Notorious Islamic State Twitter propagandist revealed to be a Bangalore executive. He induced others to join ISIS but himself refrained from joining it due to family concerns. Catholic Church in Australia concedes celibacy may have contributed to child sex abuse US Senator Carl Levin says a claim used in 2003 to justify the USled invasion of Iraq was based on fiction; claims an alleged al QaedaIraqi meeting in Prague never took place. US hid UK links in torture report at request of British spy agencies ISIS leader If there was no American prison in Iraq, there would be no ISIS CIA attacks torture report; fears legal action around world The F35 has no clear edge over three other fighter jets Canada is considering to replace its aging fleet, a declassified governmentcommissioned report says. Dozens of shots fired at Israeli embassy in Athens China's Xinjiang to ban burqas in public Finnish intelligence Most who leave to join Isis are Finns  Half of the Isis recruits have lived their whole lives in Finland while two thirds hold Finnish citizenship, security officials said on Thursday. More than $31 billion worth of food is wasted every year in Canada and when energy, water and other resource costs are factored in the true cost could be up to three times that much, a new report suggests. Island Nations Are Now Screaming It Climate Change Will Sink Us For more than two years, a U.S. agency secretly infiltrated Cuba's underground hiphop movement, recruiting unwitting rappers to spark a youth movement against the government, according to documents obtained by The Associated Press. Rhino horn trafficking surging out of control, say campaigners London airspace closed by regulator Court rejects attempt to allow Edward Snowden into Germany Opposition parties wanted Snowden to give evidence in person to a parliamentary committee investigating NSA espionage Food Prices In Russia Rise Considerably. Inflation has reached 9.4%. Abbas 'I support Egypt's measures against Hamas' The most influential proIslamic State Twitter account to be followed by foreign jihadis  Shami Witness  is shut down after a Channel 4 News investigation uncovers the identity of the man behind it New ShariaCompliant Islamic Doll With No Facial Features Launched In Britain Youngest Nobel Peace Prize Winner Asks Why Giving Guns is Easier Than Giving Books  Why is it that countries which we call strong are so powerful in creating wars but so weak in bringing peace? Lindt Chocolat Cafe hostage drama in Martin Place, Sydney Police storm Sydney Cafe, gunfire erupting, more hostages escape Sydney siege Sydney commuters volunteer to ride by Muslims side, hashtag #illridewithyou trends on twitter High profile drug lord prisoners in Manila revealed to have hotellike cells. Jacuzzis, home theater system, PS4, air conditioning, and a sex doll, among others, discovered. Anonymous hacks Swedish govt emails over seizure of Pirate Bay servers Chinese authorities vowed to severely punish Chinese travelers who threw hot water and noodles on a Thai flight attendant and threatened to bomb the plane after they became enraged over sitting arrangements. Cheney says CIA interrogators were heroes | ExUS vicepresident insists CIA's enhanced interrogation techniques worked and says I'll do it again. Pope Francis Says Equating Islam With Violence Is Wrong. You just cant say that, just as you cant say that all Christians are fundamentalists. We have our share of them (fundamentalists). All religions have these little groups, he said. PlasticEating Fungi Farm Turns Waste into Edible Treats A team in Austria has created a system for using commonly uneaten parts of fungi to break down plastic while simultaneously producing a novelty food product Scientist proposes basic evolution can be explained using physical laws, and the origin of life should be as unsurprising as rocks rolling downhill. Stupid US sanctions wont undo my government, says Venezuelas President Nicolas Maduro Have you ever heard of such arrogance? Maduro asked angrily. As if we cared about visas to get in the United States.  Idiots! he roared Japan is working on doing for the hydrogen fuel cell what it accomplished with computer chips and cars in the last century, slashing costs to make them more appealing to consumers. Shin Bet thwarts planned suicide attack in Tel Aviv Mention of Israel banned at Irish national Holocaust memorial Sydney Opera House evacuated. Snowden Receives Human Rights Award in Berlin Reports Merkel in dilemma as German antiIslam marches gain support Palestinians say they will seek UN vote on resolution to end Israeli occupation Hamas holds Gaza military parade, vows Israel's destruction Belgium risks coming to a virtual standstill Monday as the biggest national strike for years grounds all flights, halts public transport and severs international train links in protest at the new government's austerity policies. Asbestos exposure is the single largest onthejob killer in Canada, accounting for more than a third of total workplace death claims approved last year and nearly a third since 1996, new national data obtained from the Association of Workers Compensation Boards of Canada. Chechnya human rights office set on fire after it criticised the Russian republic's president, 2 activists detained by police ExMossad chief Peace will elude us until we treat Palestinians with dignity Turkey arrests 27 journalists in media crackdown. Germany 'sees rise in farright extremism' Police note a significant rise in farright extremism, as antiIslam marches in Dresden draw high numbers. For the second time this year, a Russian military aircraft turned off its transponders to avoid commercial radar and nearly collided with a passenger jet over Sweden, officials have said. Rangers Kill Three Poachers in South Africa An Indian court has rejected German drug giant Bayer's bid to block a generic version of its blockbuster cancer treatment Nexavar by a local drugmaker, a move hailed by activists on Saturday. Turkish police raid media outlets associated with Erdogan rival Turkish police have staged antiterrorism raids on a TV broadcaster and a newspaper, detaining several people. The media outlets have ties to a USbased Muslim cleric who is a bitter rival of the Turkish president. Spain passes antiprotest bill, to considerable protest North Korea parades an American who denounces the U.S. system a US citizen has shown up in the repressive state, appearing on television to denounce his home country as a Mafia enterprise and call American democracy an illusion China has offered to help Iraq defeat Sunni extremists with support for air strikes, according to Ibrahim Jafari, Iraq's foreign minister. A Turkish government whistleblower who claims to be in the inner circle of President Recep Tayyip Erdoan has exposed a government plan which he says aims to hold full control of the high judiciary Russia Warns May Send Troops To Ukraine After Congress Unanimously Votes To Give Lethal Aid To Kiev Scottish government accused of abandoning wave power, including awardwinning wave energy pioneer Pelamis Former CIA director Michael Hayden defended agencys use of rectal rehydration, calling it a medical procedure. Daesh smuggling oil via Turkey, Iraq says Chinese hackers used tempting emails, malware and password theft to worm their way into Canadian National Research Council computers in pursuit of valuable scientific and trade secrets, a newly released federal analysis reveals. British torture inquiry not afraid to embarrass PM, head says | Intelligence committee chief Sir Malcolm Rifkind says he will ask US for missing passages revealing any UK involvement in torture and rendition The judges rejected an appeal by Bayer on Friday that contested a March 2012 decision by India's patent controller, who had argued the price charged by Bayer for the liver and kidney drug  $5,500perperson, per month in India  was far too costly for most Indians. Tories accused of trying to buy election with 23% hike to campaign spending  Huge increase quietly slipped through despite Electoral Commission objections over undue influence IS beheaded 4 Christian children, says Vicar of Baghdad Two Turkish TV producers detained as operation against media starts What shall we do with drunken sailors? Canada to ban booze on warships | The Royal Canadian Navy on Friday imposed an almost total ban on sailors drinking at sea after a warship had to be recalled from an international exercise because inebriated crew members got into trouble. Guantanamo general Foolishness to say U.S. has lost moral high ground on human rights following the release of a Senate report detailing the brutal treatment of detainees by the CIA Spain passes tough new 'antiprotest' law A trio of major industry players has submitted the highestever bid for oil exploration rights in the Newfoundland offshore. The partnership  comprising ExxonMobil Canada Ltd., Suncor Energy Inc. and ConocoPhillips Canada Resources Corp.  will pay $559 million for a 266,139hectare parcel Goldman Sachs CEO sees bright side of poverty in China Russia's Defense Ministry on Sunday denied Swedish claims that for the second time this year a Russian military aircraft had nearly collided with a passenger jet over Sweden Vancouver being transformed by new wave of brash, rich Asians looking for safe place to park their cash The United States will normalize diplomatic relations with Cuba, open embassy in Havana Iraq 150 women executed after refusing to marry ISIL militants Foreign exchange in Finland no longer recognizes rubles for trade. Russia says Sweden smokes too much Weed and that there never was a near miss with airplane or submarine in Swedish waters. About 15,000 people show up for AntiIslam march in German city Russians hurried to change their savings and pensions into dollars and euros while also stocking up on furniture and jewellery as the rouble's collapse accelerated | None of us know what's happening. We're all worried that the currency will keep falling Iran had warned that Sydney attacker was unstable and a conartist but Australia refused to extradite him for fraud Pakistan Lifts Death Penalty Ban After Massacre Two Blasts Outside Girls College Near Peshawar Putin's cronies lose $50 billion Drone Footage Shows Extent Of Greenpeace's Damage To Peru's Nazca Site Nasa's Mars Curiosity rover has detected methane on Mars  A gas that hints at past or present life on the planet Russia grapples with shocking fall of the ruble What happened yesterday is a catastrophe Cuba frees American Alan Gross after 5 years in prison, radical change of US policy towards Cuba expected CrisisStruck Russian Stocks Now Worth Less Than Microsoft The total value of all publicly traded shares on the Russian market is now less than the capitalization of U.S. software giant Microsoft Pakistan airstrikes kill at least 22 militants in retaliation to school shooting On national television today in Pakistan, Hafiz Saeed, one of the world's mostwanted men, blamed India for the massacre of children at a Pakistan school and vowed revenge I may be the last, says Dalai Lama Saudi Arabia's ruling Al Saud royal family are trying to adjust their relationship with the country's strict Wahhabi school of Sunni Islam as they increasingly view the teachings of some of its ultraconservative clergy as a domestic security threat. Putin Named Russia's 'Man Of The Year' For The 15th Time In A Row Turkey announces national mourning over Pakistan attack Sony hackers threaten terror at The Interview moviegoers UN More Reports Of Children Crucified, Beheaded & Stoned To Death By IS A fire at a West Bank mosque last month was most likely caused by an electrical fault and not the result of arson Italy says it'll oppose EU plans to scrap environment law  11 member states signed letter opposing withdrawal of draft EU law on air quality & waste. EU plans to focus on jobs & economic growth instead. Pakistani Army school under siege by terrorists. over 35 injured and many dead. Over 500 students held hostages Police request attendance list for people at fracking debate. University refuses. Ruble Hits 100 Against the Euro As Currency Collapse Accelerates Taliban We Slaughtered 100+ Kids Because Their Parents Helped America Russian Ruble Crashes to World's Worst Performing Currency CIA torture health professionals 'may have committed war crimes', report says  Physicians for Human Rights called for federal investigation on CIA torture program participation, calling rectal feeding technique form of sexual assault Russian governor ban the use of the word crisis in public | It is possible that the crisis exists, but we forbid the use of this word Russian Bank Manager 'This Is The End Of The Banking System' U.S. Fights to Stop Release of Photos showing Soldiers Abusing and Sexually Humiliating Prisoners in Iraq Samesex Marriage now legal in Scotland Three confirmed dead, including gunman, in Sydney siege In his first major speech on the subject of immigration, French President Franois Hollande blasted the scaremongers who dream of a smaller, more spiteful France. He also insisted Europe would go backwards if countries closed their borders. Hostage hailed a hero in Sydney siege Tori Johnson killed after he tried to knock gun from the hands of gunman President Barack ObamaWe're going to destroy the Islamic State Russia Increases Key Interest Rate to 17% to Stem Ruble Decline India launches crackdown on Islamic State Russian public names Putin Man of the Year Police raid homes of antiArab activists, 10 arrested  National Israel News Erdogan tells EU to 'mind own business' in Turkey mass arrests targeting opposition media Food Prices in Russia Soar as Ruble Tumbles Further Food prices in Russia have grown by 20 to 25 percent since the beginning of the year and are expected to rise even further in 2015 Psychologist admits he waterboarded al Qaeda suspects. Russian Politician Raids Gay Club With Cameras and Riot Police The Sydney hostagetaker had fled Iran after a $200K fraud case North Korea is asking the United Nations Security Council to put the CIA's harsh treatment of terror suspects on its agenda for debate. Ruble hits 77 per dollar despite rate raise  BBC News b'Pneumonic plague (not H1N1) has claimed 1,500 lives in Ukraine? Do we have any Redditors from that region that can tell us more?' Cern's LHC is back on. (Wow, respect is due considering the damage caused. I didn't realise how bad it was.) b'The report that got David Nutt fired.' US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Saturday night rejected Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas's demand that Israel freeze all settlement activity as a precondition to negotiations.  Silvio Berlusconi says he will stay on as Italy's PM even if convicted of bribery, tax fraud and false accounting b'Government adviser fired for saying alcohol is more dangerous than drugs' b'Blogger Humiliates 11 Town Counselors into Mass Resignation in UK' b'Once government and editors and television management have decided on the story, you can be sure that an Israeli wall will become a security barrier or a fence, a proWestern Arab dictator a strongman and occupied Israeli territory will become disputed' b'Mexican farmworker activist, 14 others slain ' b'Jewish terrorist arrested over 2 murders and other attacks  14 years after Rabin murder' b'EU plans to force all cars to have aircraftstyle black box recorders to help the police and insurance firms identify who is responsible for any crash. They are already standard on 2/3 of US cars. ' b'Australia oil well catches fire.Engineers have been struggling for more than 10 weeks to stop the leak' b'A Walk to Beautiful a stunning documentary about a problem you (probably) never knew existed.' b'Fan dressed as sheep set alightn' b'Growing Qat in Yemen More than half of this countrys scarce water is used to feed an addiction.' b'Scott Ritter ...assumptions made in the McChrystal report are so far removed from reality as to be ludicrous' b'Web addresses to go multilingual' The UK's Prevent program faces serious criticism from Muslims and civil liberties groups. b'Italy arrests Naples mafia boss in chicken farm raid' b'Karzai Rival Withdrawing From Runoff But Not Calling For Boycott' b'Iran claims it has evidence on U.S. involvement in terrorist attack' b'Corrupt politicians will put an end to our republic but they do not have to cannibalize us, follow the Roman Empire or not it is up to them!' b'Abdullah pulls out of Afghan election' b'Once a mighty tree falls, it is only natural that the earth around it shakes...' b'Some of the 78 Sri Lankan asylum seekers onboard Australian Customs ship the Oceanic Viking have threatened to kill themselves rather than go to Indonesia.' b'Following his comments regarding Ectasy, LSD, and Cannabis, the British Government chief drug adviser Professor David Nutt has been sacked  for telling the truth.' b'Sacked drugs adviser accuses Gordon Brown of meddling in cannabis decision' b'UK Drug adviser, Professor David Nutt, sacked for comments' b'Obama Lifts a Ban on Entry Into U.S. by H.I.V.Positive People' b'We Were Warned About the Mysterious Ukrainian Virus 2 Months ago by Joseph Moshe. He Was Promptly Arrested as a Terrorist!' b'Under international law, it is illegal for an occupying  power to change the demographic situation of the  territory they have occupied' The bright side of economic ruin McDonald's will leave your country b'Patients in UK who wait too long for treatment that they need from the NHS will get free private care' b'The Honduran crisis ended last night with an agreement by both parties to allow Congress to vote on whether and how Zelaya returns to power. ' Dozens of children  sent from Afghanistan by their parents in the hope of finding a better life in Britain  are sleeping rough on the streets of Calais following the demolition of the town's last remaining asylum camp b'Island of St Helena faces economic collapse unless Britain builds them an airport soon' Abdullah Abdullah 'may quit Afghan poll'  too many corrupt officials remain in charge. Karzai's win could be even more embarrassing for Western partners. b'Uganda has the highest unmet need for contraception in east Africa, but lacks the resources to address the problem' Remember the Indian girl who had killed the Pakistani terrorist who entered her house? Her house' been attacked again. b'Pakistan road blast kills seven' b'Mexican columnist seeks protection after death threats' b'Canada, Greenland to set up polar bear commission' b'Kohl, Gorbachev and Bush Sr. mark anniversary of fallen Berlin Wall' b'Can we all please pitch in and hire a professional cartographer for India and China? It's like when my brother and I had to clean our halves of the room, but could never agree on where to draw the line  except that there was no chance people would die as a result of our bickering.' b'Putin in new Ukraine gas warning' b'Camorra boss seized in farm raid ' Chile's congress sits empty  Chile's lawmakers don't want to work on Thursday. In fact, as of midNovember, they won't work at all. b'Kimi Raikkonen, the worlds second highest paid athlete is dropped by the Ferrari Formula One team.' b'Indira Gandhi  amazing leader, flawed democrat (why not read this and learn something new today?)' b'The new McCarthyism' Russian court bans Scientology literature as extremist Chinese faked photograph leaves officials floating over street of shame Turkey tells West it might launch offensive against Syria Daughters of the brothel  former sex workers try to end trafficking in India  Al Jazeera English
  North Korean defector learns to live outside the world's biggest prison | World news | guardian.co.uk  The presidency of U.N.s Conference on Disarmament is now held by North Korea Bolivia protests for right to grow coca Bolivia has withdrawn from a UN convention that puts coca leaves in the same league as cocaine and heroin Scottish nuclear reactor must be shut down after cooling filters get clogged with jellyfish Denmark Police Wants to Ban Anonymous Internet Use They are recommending that identities be verified before someone is able to log on to the internet More than four million PCs have been enrolled in a botnet security experts say is almost indestructible.  Oh Fuck.  British government officials approached nuclear companies to draw up a coordinated public relations strategy to play down the Fukushima nuclear accident just two days after the earthquake and tsunami in Japan and before the extent of the radiation leak was known Belarussian police have arrested at least 100 people holding a silent rally against the government in the capital, Minsk. US extends drone strikes to Somalia Girls are being 'converted' into boys in Indore  by the hundreds every year  at ages where they cannot give their consent for this lifechanging operation. French woman sues secretive Catholic society, Opus Dei, claiming to have been brainwashed by them China opens world's longest sea bridge France confirms Libya arms drops. By arming civilians, France becomes first NATO country to admit supplying weapons to rebelcontrolled areas in Libya. Gaza aid flotilla Irish crew accuse Israel of sabotage  China is Heading for a Hard Landing The Syrian military and the governments security forces have largely withdrawn from one of the countrys largest cities. An Unbelievable Video Of Police Brutality In Greece Today Germany votes to end nuclear power by 2022 Rights lawyers in China harassed, tortured South African lesbians fear corrective rape BBC  China opens world's longest sea bridge  26 miles long The Supreme Court of Canada has opened the door to supervised drug injection clinics across the country in a landmark decision on Friday that ordered the federal government to stop interfering with Vancouvers controversial Insite clinic.  A member of the British Parliament is urging the countrys government to ban churches from performing any marriages if they also refuse to perform samesex marriages. Yemen over 1,400 killed since the clashes between prodemocracy protesters and security forces began in February Cigarette vending machines banned in England Chinese state TV launches to 'America the Beautiful' For Greek rich elite, the taxman cometh Greece names and shames tax cheats Gold or Water? A Deadly Debate  To protect their water supply, Salvadorans are trying to ban corporate gold miningand facing threats and violence as a result. Japan's whale hunt to resume reports   Media reports in Japan say the country will go ahead with this season's whaling hunt in the Antarctic. Rwanda genocide court jails former ministers Two former Rwandan ministers have been sentenced to 30 years in jail by the UN war crimes tribunal for involvement in Rwanda's genocide in 1994.  A Pakistani antiterrorism court today convicted and sentenced to death a police guard who assassinated the Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in January for calling for changes in the country's controversial blasphemy law.  Falling Man  Profile of Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh. Farsighted reformer in 1990s; now his skills seem to have deserted him. His timidity, complacency and intellectual dishonesty will make him a tragic figure in our history Dutch Coffee Shops close their doors to most cannabis tourists Italys tottering prime minister  How much longer can Silvio Berlusconi go on? Hundreds of leftwing activists protest throughout West Bank Holy Vladimir, Pray for Us. A Russian Sect Honors Putin as a Saint Source UN wont advance Palestinian statehood bid until diplomacy option exhausted  United Nations panel considering Palestinian application for full UN membership will drag on dealing with technical matters for several weeks, says a senior Western diplomat. The Indians are throwing money at their own favourites in Afghanistan, he says, and the Russians and Iranians are doing the same. So Pakistan must play the game too. Except we have no money. All we have are the crazies. So the crazies it is. Myanmar calls surprise halt to controversial Chinabacked dam Critics led by prodemocracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi have argued that the dam would hurt the ecology of the Irrawaddy River, displace at least 10,000 people and submerge culturally important sites. Syria unrest Troops 'retake most of Rastan'  Syrian forces have retaken most of the central town of Rastan after days of fighting with defectors who had joined protesters, an activist group says. The Death of Jihad's EnglishLanguage Mouthpiece  
Anwar alAwlaki was one of alQaida's most important propagandists and influenced a number of attackers and jihadists Conservation Program Mourns Big Cat Lost in Tragic Fight A critically endangered South China tiger has killed another of its kind, sad news for efforts to save this rarest tiger subspecies from extinction Brazil announces troop pullout of Haiti  Defence minister says partial withdrawal will begin next March as UN cuts stabilisation force accused of outstaying welcome
 A letter from the SecretaryGeneral of the United Nations, Ban KiMoon, expressing concern about the future of our planet with respect to the birth of the sevenbillionth person.  We, the women of entire Jammu and Kashmir, from both sides of the LoC desire peace ... and an immediate end to the protracted conflict. We demand the inclusion of women in all peacebuilding and peace negotiations/dialogue on Kashmir. Iranian pastor faces death for rape, not apostasy In praise of chaos
Governments attempts to control the internet 
should be resisted Wall Street occupation spreads to Canada Hole 5 times the size of Germany found in ozone above Arctic,  allowing more ultraviolet radiation to hit Canada, Europe & Russia this spring British Reporter Says Hell Name Names in Phone Hacking Scandal. The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine has been awarded to Bruce A Beutler, Jules A Hoffmann and Ralph M Steinman, for 'revolutionising our understanding of the immune system' Official Chinese Newspaper Calls for War Against Vietnam and the Philippines to Secure Natural Resources in the South China Sea The Russian secret service authorised the 'elimination' of individuals living overseas who were judged to be enemies of the state and ordered the creation of special units to conduct such operations, according to a document passed to The Daily Telegraph. Shell accused of fuelling violence in Nigeria by paying rival militant gangs In most places around the globe, violence has stopped making sense  Activists throughout Canada set to show solidarity with Wall Street protesters Organizers in Toronto and several other Canadian cities say they plan to follow the New York example Mosque Set on Fire in Northern Israel Dutch city bans foreign tourists from cannabis coffee shops Thousands of Spanish newborns were taken at birth and sold to childless couples from 1960 to 1989 Lengthy jail terms for Bahrain protesters  Thirtysix people given prison sentences of between 15 and 25 years for taking part in antigovernment rallies. Muslim Mob Torches Coptic Church in Egypt Avoiding Taxation Greeks Turn To Barter Networks    While eurozone toys with selfdestruction and Greece's economy spirals out of control, more and more Greeks are turning to an ancient form of commerce. Barter. Were in an uncharted area. Maybe it's the beginning of the future Iran totally rejects Palestine U.N. statehood bid Hamas PM Only armed resistance will liberate Palestine  
Haniyeh tells Tehran conference twostate solution, as proposed by the United States, European Union will fail, and that negotiations with Israel are a mirage. Israel risks Middle East isolation, warns US official Merkel and the Euro Is Germany's Finance Minister Going Rogue?  Criticism of Finance Minister Wolfgang Schuble is growing within the government parties. Some believe that Schuble wants to exploit the crisis to push through his vision of a United States of Europe Today a Tibetan Monk set himself on fire over Chinese occupation. Denmark Passes World's 1st Fat Tax, Making Food Sin Taxes a Reality in Europe Japan's big manufacturers expect conditions to improve in the next three months, according to the Bank of Japan's Tankan survey. Putin and Medvedev Greece to miss deficit targets despite austerity German Politician Violates His Own TwoStrikes AntiPiracy Plan Siegfried Kauder was hosting at least two photos on his website which were taken from a photo sharing site without permission Thousands of Australian schoolchildren are being forced to sing an alternative version of the Australian national anthem that installs Christ as the country's head of state and removes any reference to the Southern Cross Invasion of the body scanners in UK We'd all better get used to it  privacy could soon be a thing of the past, even at stations
 UK Home Secretary calls for the scrapping of the Human Rights Act warns that the Act is hampering the Home Offices struggle to deport dangerous foreign criminals and terrorist suspects Forests across the world dying off as climate warms Millions of acres of pines in northern and central Rockies are dying  just one among many types of forests that are showing signs of distress these days Goodbye to The Yakuza New Laws Take Effect in Japan  Bulgarian nationalists stage antiRoma rally Hundreds protest in central Sofia as tension with impoverished and ostracised minority group escalates. Greece to Miss Deficit Targets for 20112012  ABC News Egypt's ruling military council has decided to amend an article of an election law, state media report, following demands from protesters. Somali pirates kidnap disabled French woman on Kenyan island  David Cameron agrees with Theresa May that the Human Rights Act should be replaced by a British Bill of Rights Syrian dissidents form leadership council Most serious step yet to unify fragmented opposition  Pakistan's blasphemy laws continue to provoke murder and mayhem The death sentence passed on assassin Mumtaz Qadri sparked demonstrations in Pakistan. Qadri killed a politician for supporting a Christian condemned for blasphemy The First InDepth Look At A Nazi 'God Of Death'  Reinhard Heydrich, one of the principal orchestrators of the Holocaust, was the only highranking Nazi to be assassinated. Usually seen as young, evil god of death. But what made him follow such a path of terror? Niger won't extradite Saadi Gaddafi to Libya  Why Being Forced into Military Labor Can Be a Death Sentence for Convicts in Burma In Yemen, One Islamist Is Dead, Many More in Arms Bulgarian rally links Roma to organised crime About 2,000 Bulgarians have marched in the centre of the capital, Sofia, in an antiRoma protest. Newwave Chinese tourists head to Taiwan  Marking a crossstrait thaw, Taiwan seeks to turn goodwill into tourist dollars.
 Nation o' Drinkers Scotland Takes on Alcohol Abuse NATOs Libya mission could end next week, U.S. general says  The default retirement age in the UK has been fully abolished after being phased out from April this year. Could Pakistan dump the U.S. for 'allweather friend' China? Palestinians rally in support of 6.000 hunger striking prisoners in Israeli jails Plutonium detected outside Fukushima nuclear plant