 Russian Official Severely Beaten After Reporting Electoral Fraud 25,000 Mexican Fishermen Sue BP over Environmental Disaster An estimated 250,000 Bangladeshis, lured with jobs in Malaysia, have been held for ransom in jungle camps by traffickers in Thailand over the last 8 years in a modern day slave trade. Authorities from the three countries are also reportedly involved in the trade. Puerto Rico's governor on Sunday signed an executive order authorizing the use of medical marijuana in the U.S. territory in an unexpected move following a lengthy public debate Germans, still outraged by NSA spying, learn their country may have helped An Uphill Campaign in Norway to Promote LSD as a Human Right 'Our purity is above 99%' Chinese factories are mass producing novel psychoactive substances that mimic banned substances, destined for an eager market in the US and UK WikiLeaks Anonymous Leak Submission Website Relaunched after 6 years ProPutin bikers Night Wolves dwindle en route to Germany German and Austrian officials say gang undertaking 3,700mile second world war victory tour has been reduced to a handful of leatherclad men in rental car. 74 largest terrestrial herbivore species on Earth on the verge of extinction Changes in the Arctic Ocean are so profound that the region is entering what amounts to a new era, according to Norwegian scientists. Iran bans 'devil worshipping' haircuts Hairstyles of a spiky and unorthodox nature have reportedly been banned in Iran because they imply devilworship, while tattoos and other male bodily adornments also being outlawed. NATO starts anti submarine exercise in North Sea as tension with Russia rise Israeli soldiers cast doubt on legality of Gaza military tactics A third of UK Catholics would make their lifestyle greener if Pope Francis makes an official statement on climate change, a new survey claims $300/KWh batterypowered electric vehicles hit totalcostofownership parity with gaspowered cars 5 years ahead of schedule. A price of $150/KWh could cause a paradigm shift in vehicle technology, and it may arrive by 2020 Climbing Mount Everest this season is almost impossible because the routes have been damaged by avalanches triggered by last month's earthquake, officials in Nepal say. Costa Rica issues alert over ammonium nitrate spill British grandmother prepares for execution in Indonesia for being coerced into drug trafficking Excavations reveal new terracotta army at ancient emperors tomb and are expected to uncover 1200 more of the life sized clay figures 5 year old Israeli was killed by mortar fired from UN facility  exIDF chief Israeli soldiers reveal they were ordered to shoot to kill in Gaza  even if targets were civilians UN aid worker suspended for leaking report on child abuse by French troops | Anders Kompass said to have passed confidential document to French authorities because of UNs failure to stop abuse of children in Central African Republic China says climate change threatens major projects. Zheng Guoguang, head of China's Meteorological Administration, told the weekly newspaper the Study Times that the uptick in recent weather disasters such as floods, typhoons, droughts and heatwaves had a big connection to climate change Thousands have protested against Moldova's government, saying it has failed to implement reforms to bring the country closer to the European Union. Protesters also called on the government to investigate the disappearance of $1.5 billion from the stateowned and two private banks An Indian court jailed 13 Islamists Friday over an attack on a professor whose hand was chopped off after being accused of blaspheming the Prophet Mohammed in an exam paper. The US is trying to create unipolar world says Vladimir Putin The population of African elephants in Tanzania plummeted by 60 percent (65,000) in the past five years Norways Were Sorry Monument to 91 Dead Witches Norway Ends Blasphemy Law Russia marks 70 years since victory over Nazi Germany with huge parade Mexican cartel members used an RPG to take down an army helicopter during a series of coordinated attacks in Guadalajara last week. Chile to Have Free Higher Education by 2016 Australia PM's adviser climate change is UN hoax to create new world order  Maurice Newman, chairman of Tony Abbotts business advisory council, says UN is using debunked climate change science to impose authoritarian rule Syria, Iraq girls shipped naked after being sold at ISIL slave bazaars UN International inspectors have found traces of sarin and VX nerve agent at a military research site in Syria that had not been declared to the global chemical weapons watchdog Japanese government's debt swells to 1.053 quadrillion. Putin just dismissed nearly 20 generals North American Moose dying in droves as climate warming fuels disease, pests Chinese province to ban rooftop Christian crosses First three jailed under Norway's new Isis law Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo has donated 7 million euros (5m) to help the aid effort in Nepal, according to reports in France Food wasted by consumers is an enormous economic problem and nations should ensure excess food is given to the hungry instead of being thrown away. US SKYNET program marks Al Jazeera journalist as AlQaeda As Europe braces itself for a new deluge of refugees, the EU plans to introduce a quota system to distribute migrants across its member states. But some countries have already begun rejecting the scheme. Riot erupts in Iran's Kurdish capital over woman's death The uproar over allegations of child sexual abuse by French soldiers in Central African Republic spread on Friday, as the United Nations top human rights official accused France of delays in investigating its troops. Vladimir Putin, Xi Jinping sign infrastructure deals worth billions in Moscow Liberia Ebola outbreak declared over after 42 days without new case 'Dozens dead' and many escape in Iraq prison break Video After almost 1,000,000 votes for the UK Green Party and only 1 seat won, their elected Rt. Hon. Caroline Lucas calls for Proportional Representation voting in the UK For the first time, Ebola has been discovered inside the eyes of a patient just months after the virus was gone from his blood. Germany has stopped sharing internet surveillance info with the NSA Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Ed Miliband have all quit their Leader positions Tesla's Battery Grabbed $800 Million in Its First Week Edward Snowden says Australia undertaking 'dangerous' mass surveillance of citizens; criticises metadata laws Six people, including Norwegian and Philippine ambassadors, killed in Pakistan military helicopter crash Water similar to lifebearing Earth lakes found on moon of Saturn. First UK election shock as 20year old becomes youngest lawmaker since 1667 Report US drone strike kills man who claimed Charlie Hebdo, kosher market attacks UK election exit poll predicts Conservatives will be largest party in a hung parliament, with 316 seats to Labour's 239 Luxembourg Recognizes Armenian Genocide Climate change a UNled ruse, says Tony Abbott's business adviser Maurice Newman A rising number of people in Turkey believe that free speech and human rights are declining in the country, according to a new survey. Ecuador's President calls out Brad Pitt for purchasing the movie rights to a book that smears the campaign against Chevron's contamination in the Amazon Antarctica is melting faster than ever before Reuters bureau chief died of suffocation in Pakistan Controversial Bill C51 (AntiTerrorism Act) passes in Canadian House of Commons Election 2015 SNP wins 56 of 59 seats in Scots landslide SelfDriving SemiTrucks Could Hit Highways Soon Climate change a UNled ruse says Australian PM Abbott's business adviser Chinese company Tiens Group treats 6,400 workers to fourday Paris holiday Arrests of Palestinian students by Palestinian security forces over politics worrying HRW 'Captain Kidd's treasure' found off Madagascar AlQaida leader involved in Charlie Hebdo attack killed John McAfee 'I know who hacked Sony Pictures  and it wasn't North Korea' Seven Christian Churches Up in Flames Amid Niger Charlie Hebdo Violence Israel lobbies foreign powers to cut ICC funding Israel is lobbying memberstates of the International Criminal Court to cut funding for the tribunal in response to its launch of an inquiry into possible war crimes in the Palestinian territories ISIS cell Busted in Israel A team of scientists, in a new analysis of data from hundreds of sources, has concluded that humans are on the verge of causing unprecedented damage to the oceans and the animals living in them. PEGIDA Cancels AntiIslam Rally in Germany Over Death Threat From IS French flags torched as Charlie Hebdo protests erupt from Algiers to Zinder David Cameron disagrees with Pope Francis on responding with violence  PM responds to comments on provoking others by insulting faith, saying in free society there is right to cause offence CNN's Jim Clancy Steps Down After AntiIsrael Rant...He then accused a number of Twitter accounts as being part of a public relations campaign for Israel. Ukrainian troops have retaken most of the territory of Donetsk airport in eastern Ukraine after launching a mass operation overnight to Sunday and wresting control of it from proRussian separatists New Snowden Docs Indicate Scope of NSA Preparations for Cyber Battle 6 people executed in Indonesia for drug trafficking, including 1 Brazilian. Brazilian President outraged and says Relations between the two countries have been affected. ISIS frees over 200 Yazidi captives Almost half of those in France believe cartoons of the Muslim Prophet Mohammed  like those printed by satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo  should not be published, a poll said Sunday, with a similar number in favour of limitations on free speech Germany and Sweden to Send Troops and Increase Aid to Kurds Battling ISIS Prominent N. Korean defector Shin Donghyuk admits parts of story are inaccurate Beijing's Toxic Smog Measures Beyond Index Levels Lebanese report Israeli helicopters fired rockets at Syrian village of Quneitra Rio's Olympic waters blighted by heavy pollution Turkey Threatens to Block Social Media Over Released Documents Regarding a military police raid on Turkish Intelligence Agency trucks that were traveling to Syria. Turkish Officials deny trucks contained military aid for Bashar alAssad and Al Qaeda Bulgaria says it will start talks to join the euro Moroccan authorities have arrested eight people suspected of recruiting fighters for the ISIS Syria Isis crucifixion frenzy in revenge for wave of assassinations Thailand to Recognise 'Third Gender' in New Constitution Selfproclaimed 'ISIS chief of staff in Palestine' arrested Argentine prosecutor Nisman who accused Pres. Kirchner of coverup in AMIA bombing probe found dead in his apartment Half global wealth held by 1% Billionaires and politicians gathering in Switzerland this week will come under pressure to tackle rising inequality after a study found that  on current trends  by next year, 1% of the worlds population will own more wealth than the other 99%. Man who filmed execution in Saudi Arabia is arrested under the countrys law against cybercrimes Pope Francis at a loss for words as street child asks 'Why does God allow children to suffer?' 40% of British families too poor to play a part in society 8 million lacking required income level, says charity, as rising figure reflects cost of living and benefit cuts Corporate wolves will exploit TTIP trade deal, MPs warned Commons debate told that Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership risks giving too much power to big US corporations '6 Iranians, including general, killed in Israeli strike' The Dutch opposition Christian Democratic Party (CDA) announced that it has confidential documents proving that Turkey had sent weapons to alQaeda militants in Syria and that it conveyed the documents to the Dutch government, according to a BBC Turkish report published on Sunday. Charlie Hebdo editor Gerard Biard says faith should stay out of politics  If God becomes entangled in politics, then democracy is in danger Revealed 1000s of Britons on benefits across EU  Over 4 times as many Britons obtain unemployment benefits in Germany as Germans do in the UK, while number of jobless Britons with benefits in Ireland exceeds their Irish counterparts in the UK by 5 to 1. EU appeals removal of Hamas from terror list  The EU will appeal a court decision ordering the removal of the Palestinian group Hamas from EU terrorism black list. Sources 5 members of Hezbollah including son of Imad Mughniyeh killed in Israeli strike in Syria Battles rage in eastern Ukraine Zim to grab more land from remaining whites  Robert Mugabes VP N.S.A. Tapped Into North Korean Networks Before Sony Attack, Officials Say Papal Text Says Man Betrays God by Destroying the Environment Hundreds of thousands protest in Chechnya against Mohammad cartoons China calls Snowden's stealth jet hack accusations 'groundless' AntiCharlie Hebdo Rally Draws 5,000 in Pakistan Children as young as four are being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in Scotland and health experts admit they are struggling to deal with this tragic side effect of the countrys obesity crisis Ukraine Claim 700 Russian Troops Cross Border to Help Rebels Green party outlines plan for basic citizens income for all adults GCHQ intercepted emails of journalists from top international media Imams 'Must Do More' To Root Out Radicals U.S.built Ebola treatment centers in Liberia are nearly empty as outbreak fades Looks Like Rome is Even More Ancient than Thought  As Italian capital approaches 2,767th birthday, excavation reveals wall built long before official founding year of 753BC. It seems to have channeled water. Around it, are pieces of ceramic pottery & remains of food. Ukraine says it can prove that Russia coordinated weekend attacks Russian fighter jet makes multiple, closerange passes near an American warship in the Black Sea Glowinthedark roads make debut in Netherlands  They look beautiful, but they could also save a lot on streetlight power. The glow lasts up to eight hours once powered throughout the day. 3 EU Countries Back Ukraine's Use of Force  Sweden, Lithuania, & Luxembourg explicitly back Ukraines right to use force against proRussian separatists. Russian TV Propagandists Caught RedHanded Same Guy, Three Different People (Spy, Bystander, Heroic Surgeon) Russia has ~65,000 troops bordering the rest of Ukraine; 40,000 on the Russian Border, 25,000 in Crimea. This is in addition to proRussian armed protesters already in Ukraine; Russia said attempts to expel those proRussian forces are criminal and warned it would protect Russianspeakers. This is war, Ukraine declares as mob ignores ultimatum to surrender, takes police chief prisoner Hong Kong women 'being kept in slavelike conditions in Sydney brothels' Worlds Highest Minimum Wage on Ballot in Switzerland The Swiss will vote in a national referendum May 18 on whether to create a minimum wage of 22 francs ($25) per hour, or 4,000 francs a month Israel demolishes Bedouin village for 68th time | Palestine AntiKremlin protest draws thousands in Moscow Ukraine Forces Storm a Town, Defying Russia White House Warns Russia Not to Invade as Biden Plans Ukraine Trip Russia prepared to let tanks roll across borders  German minister German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel warned on Monday of an escalation of the crisis in Ukraine, saying Russia was clearly prepared to allow tanks to roll across European borders. UN scientists The world needs to triple the energy it gets from renewables, nuclear reactors, and power plants that use emissionscapture technology to avoid dangerous levels of global warming West approves $3.2 billion package for Ukraine World must end 'dirty' fuel use. Biggest drug bust in Saudi Arabian History $267 million US dollars worth of amphetamine. (other source with pictures in comments) Japan says it's not decided on whaling in Southern Ocean next year  Tokyo deeply disappointed UN declared its whaling a commercial activity disguised as science. Has filed US court briefs saying it intends to hunt whales 201516 with new research program. U.S. Troops May be Sent to Eastern Europe Ukraine to fight proRussia forces The UK, Poland, and Sweden have proposed sending an EU police mission to Ukraine to build up its law enforcement bodies Nigeria Boko Haram kills at least 60 in new atrocity President of Ukraine Turchynov offers to hold referendum on status of Ukraine Billionaire Takes Up Fight Against African Poachers  Pledges to provide a helicopter & a multimillion dollar investment to protect South Africas rhinos. Guardian and Washington Post win Pulitzer prize for NSA revelations | Media Russian paramilitary leaders in eastern Ukraine caught on tape communicating with Moscow Ukraine has asked the UN for troops Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline bribed doctors to boost sales, says whistleblower Russian forces spotted on ground in eastern Ukraine Bloomberg Canadians' mentalhealth info routinely shared with FBI, U.S. customs Poland NATO should send troops to east Europe, ignore Russia's objections Russian economy may see zero growth this year because of the Ukraine crisis, Russia's finance minister has admitted Guantnamo hearings halted amid accusations of FBI spying on legal team | World news Russia on brink of financial crisis as showdown with West escalates  Country's private companies shut out of global bond markets, raising prospect that they may need state support. Red Hot Chili Peppers music used to torture prisoners in Guantnamo Bay Smoghit China is set to pass a new law that would give Beijing more powers to shut polluting factories and punish officials, and even place protected regions offlimits to industrial development A survey released Tuesday  the first comprehensive one of its kind  says that only 10 killers of 908 environmental activists slain around the world over the past decade have been convicted Malta legalises samesex civil unions/marriage U.S. Is Considering Sending Arms To Ukraine Nigeria unrest 'Attackers abduct 200 schoolgirls' Chernobyl Sarcophagus Jeapordised by Crisis in Ukraine The political crisis in Ukraine is severely hampering efforts to build a new radioactive containment structure over the site of the Chernobyl nuclear meltdown. Russia says Ukraine on brink of civil war North Korean officials visit salon in London over Kim Jongun 'bad hair' advert CIA chief visited Kiev over the weekend White House Russia Tests MultiWarhead ICBM ProRussian Ukrainian police help foil Ukraine crackdown in east Morocco Women March to Demand Gender Equality  Ccarried banners demanding equality as a right, not a privilege. Russia warns against use of force against protesters in Ukraine Russia's foreign minister has said intervention by Ukrainian authorities to stop proRussian protesters in eastern Ukraine would set back diplomatic talks. Ukraine has announced an antiterrorist operation in the east. CIA and White House under pressure after Senate torture report leaks. Armed men dressed in camouflage clothing have seized a police station in eastern Ukraine, officials say. UN to summon Kim Jong Un before international court; China says it will veto any action against its ally and may block the summoning. Malaysian military withheld radar data on Flight MH370 as nations searched wrong area, sources say Around 1,000 Christian and Hindu women in Pakistan are forcibly converted to Islam and married to Muslim men every year, says a report released by Movement for Solidarity and Peace (MSP) on Monday For Crimea, Google Shows Different Borders Based on Your Location BEIJING (Reuters)  The governor of Chinas restive far western region of Xinjiang wrote on Monday that Islamist militants were trying to ban laughter at weddings and crying at funerals, as he appealed to people to stamp out the tumor of extremism Mexico Marches Against New Internet Censorship Laws Russia aims to have permanent moon base up and running by 2040 Japanese railway operator to offer maglev tech to US for free Nikkei Asian Review Experimental Hepatitis Drug Cures 95% Patients in Clinical Trial German Researchers | News Tonight Africa UN voices deep concerns about Brunei implementing death by stoning for adultery, sodomy, extramarital sexual relations, insulting verses of the Quran and Hadith, blasphemy, declaring oneself a prophet or nonMuslim starting from 22nd of April Russian oil firm says Asian buyers willing to use euros Lithuania Dispatches Warship After Claiming Russian Disturbance Workers in Samsung semiconductor plants who have developed cancer while working in dangerous conditions are fighting their former employerand their governmentfor compensation. Spanish village called kill Jews mulls name change Pope Assumes Responsibility for Priest Sex Abuse IPCC report world must urgently switch to clean sources of energy. Clean energy will have to at least treble in output and dominate world energy supplies by 2050 in order to avoid catastrophic climate change, a UN report is set to conclude on Sunday. BBC News  US refuses visa for Iran's pick for UN Ambassador, due to his involvement in the 1979 U.S. Embassy Raid. Ukraine commandos refuse to storm buildings The National Security Agency flatly refuted a report that it has been aware for at least two years about the Heartbleed computer glitch, one of the most significant security flaws in Internet history. Reports that say otherwise are wrong, a NSA spokesperson told TIME Russia's Foreign Ministry is warning that Russians should refrain from traveling abroad because they could be entrapped by US secret services who are actively hunting for Russians to persecute in punishment for Moscow's recent annexation of Crimea. Former Chief Economist of the BIS I see speculative bubbles like in 2007 Israeli Hackers Strike Back at Anonymous OpIsrael, Expose Participants With Their Own Webcams The IMF and World Bank on Friday urged finance ministers to impose a price on carbon, warning that time was running out for the planet to avoid worstcase climate change. Journalists who broke NSA story in Guardian, accept, dedicate their George Polk award to Edward Snowden 1 Ukraine officer killed and 4 others injured as Ukraine begins AntiTerrorist operations in East Ukraine Obama Lets N.S.A. Exploit Some Internet Flaws, Officials Say Women who have sex before marriage should be hanged, says senior politician in India's Socialist Party Canadian mail service to scrap all home deliveries  Older residents angered over costcutting decision by Canada Post to make first G20 country without doortodoor service If China invaded the Japanheld Senkaku Islands, U.S. Marines in the Pacific would swiftly recapture them, the commander of marines deployed in Japan assured. Major Climate Change Report averting catastrophe is affordable  Landmark UN analysis concludes catastrophic climate change can be averted without sacrificing living standards. Dismisses fears that slashing carbon emissions would wreck the world economy. Ukraine open discussion thread (Sticky post #8) Risk of 'gas war' grows as Ukraine halts payments to Russia Japan orders slaughter of 112,000 chickens after H5 strain of bird flu detected US corn exports to China drop 85 percent after ban on GMO strains  industry report Mexico prepares 1st illegal drug financing blacklist. Mexico is preparing to implement new regulations that will allow the government to identify individuals and businesses linked to drug trafficking and ban financial firms from doing business with them. Egyptian police 'using rape as a weapon' against dissident groups Gerhard Schroeder has admitted that like the situation in Crimea, the NATO attack on Serbia in 1999 was also a violation of international law. Israel's seizure of EUfunded aid projects prompts compensation calls South Korea And United States Hold Largest Ever Joint Air Drill Eike Batista, who was Brazil's richest man for most of the past decade, is under investigation by securities industry watchdog CVM for allegedly engaging in insider trading while he chaired his nowbankrupt oilproducing and shipbuilding firms. JPMorgan profits fall 19% as mortgage business fades Second strong earthquake hits Solomon Islands IDF officer dismissed for approving soldiers' antiArab Tshirts Shirts featured the slogan 'Nablus, we are coming! and warned Arab mothers that their sons fates lay in Israeli soldiers hands. Ukraine prepares armed response as city seized by proRussia forces Ukraine crisis Kramatorsk shooting reported Just two months before Brazil is to host the World Cup soccer tournament in Rio de Janeiro and other cities, police officers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse thousands of families, squatting in a complex of abandoned commercial buildings. Joe Biden to travel to Ukraine Ukraine Links New Attacks in East to 'External Aggression' by Russia Australia rules homeopathic remedies useless Burger King Expands Into Crimea After McDonald's Exit Satellite images show Russian military hardware and Spetznaz (special forces) massing at Ukrainian border Uruguay Wants to Give Marijuana to Prisoners  A leading health official tells UN the country is interested in experimenting with medical marijuana to treat prisoners suffering from cocaine addiction. MH370 Tragedy Experts confirm pulse signals are from a black box. Air Chief Marshal (Rtd) Angus Houston, said Wednesday the experts... had confirmed that the 33.31 kHz signals were from the flight data recorder of a black box. Last Minute Dash to Keep Big Oil from National Park  In 2007, for US$3.6 billion investment, Ecuador offered world chance to save 10% of all species on earth by keeping bio hot spot from oil. If enough signatures collected by April 12, voters can decide its fate instead of politicians. UN piracy experts shot and killed in Somali airport Netherlands Must Criminalize Downloading, EU Court Rules  It can no longer permit its citizens to freely download copyrighted movies & music without paying. Court rules current system of a piracy levy to compensate rightsholders is unlawful. 5 banks sued for gold price manipulation The biggest swarm of genetically modified mosquitoes ever has been set free in Brazil to combat infectious disease. Portuguese galleon Flor de la Mar, which is estimated to have billions of dollars in gold inside, is reported to be found in Indonesia US troops may be sent to Eastern Europe Americas overtake Africa as region with most murders UN report finds nearly 40% of world's murders were committed in Americas in 2012 Russia claims NATO is concerned over an imaginary threat that Russia does not pose; the Russians counteraccused NATO of using the Ukraine crisis against Russia and also accused NATO of Cold War mentality. UN report details comprehensive countrybycountry murder rates. Safest is Singapore, with just one killing per 480,000 people in 2012. In the worlds most violent country, Honduras, a man has a 1 in 9 chance of being murdered during his lifetime. The second Category 5 cyclone to hit Far North Queensland, Australia in 3 years is less than 24hrs away from hitting land. Wish us well! Britain wasted 600m of taxpayers' money on useless flu pills stockpiled by Government in case of pandemic  [the drugs] are no better than paracetamol in relieving flu symptoms and are next to useless in preventing a pandemic. Russian Duma calls for criminal prosecution of Gorbachev for the collapse of the Soviet Union. Plane passengers refuse to put on seatbelts, halt deportation of Iranian man Tamiflu Millions wasted on bogus drug, claims major report Russia takes Voice of America radio off air Secret WW1 spy files have been made available online Netanyahu Orders Israeli Ministers To Stop Meeting Palestinian Counterparts Mexico overtakes Japan as No. 2 car exporter to US Car bomb detonated outside Bank of Greece in Athens China Finds Nearly 2,000 Firms in Breach of Antipollution Rules  Ministry trying to improve enforcement by using realtime monitoring that'll give govt regulators direct access to data. To invest 40 billion yuan ($6.45 billion) to boost monitoring capacity. Pastafarians rejoice as Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster is granted permission to register as a religion in Poland 'Cherry tree from space' mystery baffles Japan State of Palestine allowed to join Geneva Conventions Drinking water in China's Lanzhou city unsafe to drink, say authorities  Water in city found to contain levels of benzene, a cancerinducing chemical, at 20 times above safety levels German Law professors demand cannabis legalization Over 120 German professors of criminal law are supporting an initiative to legalize cannabis. Moscow laying landmines in Ukraine Kiev Archbishop of South Africa and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Desmond Tutu is saying their is no longer any excuse for not doing everything humanly possible to fight climate change and called on Thursday for an international antiapartheidstyle boycott against the fossil fuel industry. North Korean Defector talks about her struggle getting out of North Korea. BBC News Israel impose tax sanction against Palestinian Authority in retaliation for signing a number of international treaties Massive 7.4 earthquake hits Papau New Guinea Japan has asked for U.S. President Barack Obama to meet the families of Japanese nationals abducted by North Korean agents when he visits Japan in late April. Law professors demand cannabis legalization. Over 120 German professors of criminal law are supporting an initiative to legalize cannabis. They have called on the Bundestag to discuss the issue. Merkel's coalition is skeptical. BBC News  Russia TV stations air 'impostor' protester in two guises President Vladimir Putin warned European leaders on Thursday Russia would cut natural gas supplies to Ukraine if it did not pay its bills and said this could lead to a reduction of onward deliveries to Europe. NATO released satellite photographs on Thursday showing Russian military equipment, including fighter jets and tanks, that it described as part of a deployment of as many as 40,000 troops near the border with Ukraine. Syrian rebels say that Obama admin pursues a dark strategy aimed at prolonging the war in Syria AlJazeera trial dismissed as 'joke'  3 AlJazeera journalists are on trial for terrorism in Egypt, prosecutors used video filmed by the defendants, including wildlife scenes and a news conference as evidence U.N. Report Hints Russia and Its Allies Rigged Crimea's Secession Vote. Activists and critics of Crimea's secession were threatened, detained and tortured. The US Department of Energy has blocked access for Russian scientists to its major physics research centers Spain A humanrights avenger no longer?  Madrid is trying to end Spain's universal jurisdiction law, which proponents say has helped human rights victims find justice  but has also caused major diplomatic headaches. Putin Says Further Violations by Ukraine Will Compel Russia to Cut Off Gas Somalia in high speed internet 'culture shock' Estimates of illegal and unreported fish in seafood imports to the USA  Between 20% and 32% of wildcaught seafood US imports are illegal Thai Tanker Sinks, Spilling Oily Sludge  It was carrying 40 times the volume of spilled sludge, headed to shore to deliver it to oil recycling facilities. While spill appears small, escaped oil has already fouled coastal fishing areas & mangrove forests. The boss of a hot New York modeling agency supplied Jeffery Epstein with underage girls for an orgy with Prince Andrew, court documents claim. Anonymous has announced that it will avenge the attack on Charlie Hebdo by rendering jihadist websites inaccessible. Suicide bomber dressed as woman kills 49 Muslims in central Yemen Australian newspaper publishes Mohammed cartoon Dublin priest says he is gay during Mass  receives standing ovation  Calling on his Dublin city congregation to support same sex marriage in the upcoming Irish referendum, set for the end May, Dolan said Im gay myself. US to Ban Foreign Fish Caught by Killing Whales, Dolphins  This will force other countries to step up & meet US conservation standards  saving 100s of 1000s of whales & dolphins from dying on hooks & in fishing nets around the world. Nigeria 2,000 feared killed in Boko Haram's 'deadliest massacre' | Amnesty International calls the killings a disturbing and bloody escalation and a local defence group says its fighters have given up trying to count the bodies Hundreds in southern Afghanistan rallied to praise the killing of 12 people at the French newspaper Charlie Hebdo, calling the two gunmen heroes who meted out punishment for cartoons disrespectful to Islam's prophet, officials said Saturday. Paris Hostage Situation Live Thread French imams rally against Charlie Hebdo killing, call on all Muslims to take part in demonstrations Kurdish Peshmerga Repel Huge ISIS Offensive Lead By Group's Leader AlBaghdadi Germany's Spiegel news magazine Intelligence suggests that Syrian President Bashar alAssad is building a secret underground plant with the aim of developing nuclear weapons. New hostage situation in France  Montpellier jewelry store Charlie Hebdo gunmen's hostage freed and safe after police assault, several hostages at Jewish market freed | News , World Hollande Paris Attacks Irrelevant to IslamFrench President Francois Hollande rejected any links between the perpetrators of the recent terror attacks around the capital Paris with Islam. Landmark Paris synagogue closes on Shabbat for first time since World War II 3,000 FSA Fighters Defect to ISIS in the Qalamoun Mountains Radical imam Abu Hamza gets life in prison on US terrorism conviction Two headless bodies were found in a village in Egypt's restive North Sinai region on Saturday, police said, the latest in a series of beheadings allegedly carried out by jihadists. Marine Le Pen to Hollande Suspend visafree zone, strip terror suspects of French citizenship US gag order on EU police agency stirs controversy Russia likely to demand early repayment of Ukraine's $3 billion debt. Over 600 Islamist Fighters Return to EU from Syria, Iraq Syrian Army Kills Over 30 Islamic State Jihadists in Northeastern Syria Hong Kong's richest person, Li Kashing, has urged lawmakers to pass controversial reforms that will change how the territory's leader is elected. He said the damage to Hong Kong could be immeasurable if they were blocked Arson attack at German newspaper that printed Charlie Hebdo cartoons Huge crowds and some 40 world leaders have gathered in Paris for a unity march Teen in shock after being falsely accused of being the 3rd gunman in Charlie Hedbo incident. The Muslim Clerk At The Paris Kosher Store Risked His Life To Save Jewish Shoppers Islamic scholar threatens Irish publications with legal action if they publish offending cartoon Suicide bombing by 10yearold girl in Nigeria kills 19 people AirAsia QZ8501 black box found, say Indonesia authorities Cuba Rolls Out WiFi as Censorship Begins to Crumble  Cuba, where Internet access is largely limited to government employees and pricey paybyhour public access, will start offering wireless service for 1st time. Anyone wanting a router needs permission from the Communications Ministry. Indian state plans 15Mbps broadband for households at a cost of $3 a month. 15 antiMuslim attacks reported in France in the last 48 hours Police commissioner, who had been investigating the attack on the Charlie Hebdo magazine committed suicide with his service gun on Thursday night. An estimated 700,000 took to the streets in cities across France Saturday to hold silent marches in memory of the 17 people who died in several terrorist attacks during one of the most traumatic and emotional weeks for the country in living memory. UK asks US for help in search for Russian submarine thought to be lurking off North Atlantic coast Turkish Spy agency planning falseflag terror acts on its own people in crowded areas, whistleblower claims Flight from NY to London hitches a ride on the jet stream, hits record ground speed of 761 mph (1,217 km/h), arrives an hour and a half early. Wife of Al Qaeda recruiter who mentored the Charlie Hebdo murderers is appealing against her own terror conviction on human rights grounds while living on UK benefits French police told to erase social media presence and warned that sleeper cells may have been activated, police source says. Suicide attack at Lebanese cafe kills at least seven Spain wants to modify Schengen rules to allow border checks Biggest Ship in the World Sails Into Britain capable of holding 900 million tins of beans  The 'Globe's' maiden voyage began in Chinese city of Qingdao Dec 3 Sierra Leone declares first Ebolafree district Jewish group names 4 victims of Paris kosher shop attack Islamic State kills 24 Kurds in surprise attack in North Iraq Heroic Muslim man saved Jewish hostages during Paris siege by hiding them in freezer Russian credit rating cut to BBB minus and looks set to tumble back to junk rating, for the first time in a decade. World's largest indoor farm in Japan is 100 times more productive than outdoor fields, uses 99% less water, 40% less power and creates 80% less food waste Egypt student gets 3year jail term for atheism  An Egyptian court has sentenced a student to three years in jail for announcing on Facebook that he is an atheist and for insulting Islam Saudi prince $100abarrel oil 'never' again. Boko Haram massacre is so big, survivors give up counting bodies Bomb threat at Belgian paper that reprinted Charlie Hebdo cartoons Benjamin Netanyahu ridiculed over appearance at Paris  He attended the Paris march despite Hollande's objection At least one major oil company will turn its back on fossil fuels, says scientist. Oil companies are also realising it is no long morally defensible to ignore the consequences of climate change. Nigeria 'needs same support as France' after Boko Haram attacks  Archbishop Kaigama was speaking after another bloody weekend for Nigeria in which three female suicide bombers, including one thought to be as young as ten, killed at least 23 people in the restive northeast. ISIS Issues Mandatory Conscription for the Men of Syria and Iraq Oil hits a new five and a halfyear low of $48.59/barrel 56 people die after drinking poisoned beer in Mozambique Turkish imams in Germany to stand guard in front of media buildings in solidarity against terror Cuba has freed all 53 prisoners as agreed in U.S. deal Unpaid interns charged 300 for a job reference by thinktank Anonymous blocks jihadist website in retaliation for Charlie Hebdo attack Burqua ban approved by lawmakers in Muslim Uighur region of Xinjiang last month is set to go into effect; report says ban part of effort to curb growing extremism Female genital mutilation now being done in hospitals in Africa Health care providers now perform up to 18 percent of FGM cases and the trend is growing, according to the World Health Organization. Feel free to breastfeed here, pope tells mothers in Sistine Chapel Marching in Paris, yet blocking freedom of speech at home London landmarks are lit in the colours of the French flag after crowds gather in Trafalgar Square in tribute to those killed in the Paris terror attacks. After deadly Taliban attack that killed 132 children in Peshawar, Pakistan, Army Public School reopens Boko Haram forces 10 yearold's to commit suicide bombings in Nigerian market France to deploy 10,000 troops Iran eclipses US as Iraq's ally in fight against militants There is a lava flow in Iceland the size of Manhattan China has just banned the burqa in its biggest Muslim city US and EU politicians use Charlie Hebdo attack to call for more Internet surveillance  Fusion Muslim Mayor of Rotterdam Tells Islamists To F*** Off On Live Television This is Charlie Hebdo's first cover since the attack Nigeria 'needs same support as France' after Boko Haram attacks kill over 2000 archbishop UK may ban WhatsApp and Snapchat under new antiterror laws British prime minister Fox News security analyst is clearly a complete idiot Lesbians kicked out of Vienna caf for kissing. Student organization starts a kissin campaign with more than 5 000 attending. 6 Civilians dead as shell hits bus in Ukraine Cameron says there should be no means of communication we cannot read Russian Media, Turkish Politicians Suggest U.S., Israeli Involvement in Paris Attacks US Central Command Twitter, YouTube feeds hacked by ISIS UltraOrthodox Jewish Newspaper Edits Female World Leaders Out of Charlie Hebdo March Expensive cancer drugs pushed off England's NHS list  Changes to England's Cancer Drugs Fund mean that from April, new cancer patients will no longer be able to receive a number of expensive treatments that have been available on NHS. David Cameron wants to ban endtoendencryption for his surveillance plans Nick Clegg will today condemn calls for the revival of the socalled snoopers charter following the Paris terror attacks with the warning We do not make ourselves safer by making ourselves less free. German 'antiIslamization' march in Dresden draws record numbers Scientists including Stephen Hawking and Elon Musk have signed a letter pledging to ensure artificial intelligence research benefits mankind. Great Lakes teeming with tiny plastic microfibers  CBC Pope Francis blames Paris attacks on deviant forms of religion amid new worries he may be ISIS target People Starving in Eastern Ukraine as Humanitarian Crisis Unfolds After attack, owner of Paris kosher market plans move to Israel AntiIslamist movement surfaces in Switzerland Interpol issues global wanted notice for former Ukraine president Viktor Yanukovich Number 2 on AlQaeda's Most Wanted List Sells French Fries in a Florida Mall Food Court Cameroon Army Kills 143 Boko Haram Fighters Air France hands out copies of Charlie Hebdo on flights Turkish president accuses 'the West' of being behind Charlie Hebdo attacks and deliberately 'blaming Muslims' French comedian Dieudonn arrested as apologist for terrorism after Facebook post Turkeys main opposition party, CHP, has called on Islamic countries to adopt secularism in order to end the roots of terrorism, denouncing last weeks deadly Paris attacks and stressing that killing innocent people has nothing to do with Islam. Riding on the coattails of accusations that the international community has ignored African woes comes afriLeaks  a whistleblowing website dedicated to exposing corruption and abuses of power across Africa. Internet an instrument for masses, so net neutrality is key Indian telecom minister I am a Marxist, Dalai Lama says Twitter and Facebook face closure in Turkey after anonymous accounts published documents revealing illegal arms shipments by Turkish spy agency to opposition groups in Syria Russia will not cut itself off from the world because any return to the past would be a 'monstrous mistake', Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Wednesday [14 January 2015]. New ISIS video appears to show child executing Russian agents Turkish police raids daily newspaper Cumhuriyet to search and destroy possible Mohammed cartoons North Koreans walk across frozen river to China to commit murder Charlie Hebdo print run raised to 5m as copies in France sell out 3 Poachers Killed by Forest Guards in India's Kaziranga National Park Peshmerga Kill Six Islamic State Leaders in 48 Hours Mass Animal DieOffs on Rise, Killing Billions & Raising Questions  Huge dieoffs, with disease outbreaks & other stressors, happening more often. Mass dieoffs are individualevents that kill at least a billion animals, wipe out over 90% of a population, or destroy 700m tons worth of animals. Charlie Hebdo Muhammad cover goes global despite Muslim ireEgypt's Islamic authority denounced the Charlie Hebdo cover This action is an unjustified provocation against the feelings of 1.5 billion Muslims. Mosques fire bombed and pelted with pig heads in aftermath of Paris terror attacks Oil prices below $50 per barrel will cost Russian budget $46 billion in 2015 A double agent reportedly stole a list which contained both the real and undercover names of 3,500 German intelligence employees. The Spy arrested last July on suspicions of working for the CIA. The stolen document could jeopardize more than half of some 6,500 agents of BND. Russian Troops Stationed Near Finnish Border as Putin Begins Move on Arctic Kim Jongun Snubs China and Accepts Putins Invite to Moscow Belgian arms dealer confesses to supplying Paris attackers Fossil found by P.E.I. boy fills gap in reptile evolution Saudi man sentenced 10 years jail and weekly public canings for 5 months. He is guilty of setting up a public online forum for debate and discussion. Children caged to keep the streets clean for the Pope Police round up orphans and chain them in filth during pontiff's visit to Philippines Paris shootings 200,000 sign petition for Muslim hero who hid hostages to get French citizenship and prestigious Legion d'honneur Indonesia to revoke passports of citizens who join ISIS A Malian described as a hero after he helped hostages at a Jewish supermarket to hide during last week's Paris attacks will be awarded French nationality Tuesday, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said. Swiss franc jumps by 30% against Euro as the SNB (Swiss National Bank) scraps the exchange rate limit of 1.20 France sends aircraft carrier to battle IS Saudi Arabia Is Building A 600Mile 'Great Wall' To Shield Itself From ISIS Data Privacy should be a human right, says EUElectronic communications should be more secure in Europe, not less, according to a report from the European Union Agency for Network and Information Security (ENISA). Baghdadi Executes 56 ISIL Members after Their Defeat in Southern Erbil by Kurds Gay italian cook forced to go with prostitute to prove heterosexuality or lose job Charlie Hebdo Writer Holds Up Muhammed Cover on Sky News; Network Cuts Away and Apologizes Hamas New Charlie Hedbo cover is Zionist lobby plot Indian ruling party supports decriminalization of homosexuality #JeSuisCharlie creator Phrase cannot be a trademark  Millions have declared Je Suis Charlie on social media  but now over 50 people have tried to trademark the image in France alone, and the creator of the campaign is angry. Solar at grid parity in most of world by 2017. Collapse in the oil price will do little to slow down the solar juggernaut. International Space Station crew evacuated to Russian segment amid ammonia leak fears Paris motorist deliberately runs down policewoman outside presidential residence Muslims in Philippines march against Charlie Hebdo Charlie Hebdo sells out, already on eBay for $117K Target Canada to close all stores, files for creditor protection. Nasrallah Hezbollah prepared for war deep into Israel, beyond the Galilee Carlos Slim (Mexican billionaire) becomes top New York Times shareholder Ottawa Mosque concerned by sharp rise in young men converting to Islam Nigeria Satellite images show horrific scale of Boko Haram attack on Baga Saudi Arabia publicly beheads a woman in Mecca Boko Haram Appears to Be Using Abducted Girls as Suicide Bombers Imam says As it is clear that the cartoons are to be published again, Muslims will be hurt and angered, but our reaction must be a reflection of the teachings of the one we love & are angered for. Enduring patience, tolerance, gentleness and mercy was the character of our beloved Prophet. Three deaths in AntiTerror Raid in Belgium Guantanamo guard CIA killed prisoners and made it look like suicide BPs maximum fine for Gulf of Mexico oil spill is cut by billions Woolly mammoth cloning attempt revives ethical debate Protests flare in Armenia after family massacred Hundreds of Armenians took to the streets on Wednesday and Thursday, demanding that a Russian soldier who confessed to killing six members of an Armenian family be turned over to the Armenian authorities Top Russian Official 'Ashamed' Of Culture Crackdown, Quits Ministry Scientists Human activity has pushed Earth beyond four of nine planetary boundaries Items lost in the Stone Age are found in melting glaciers Lost Beagle2 probe found on Mars Middle East is most violent area in the world for Christians, report says On Thursday, a local source in Nineveh province said, that the A10 Warthog aircraft which belongs to the U.S. Air Force has carried out four air strikes that killed and wounded dozens of ISIS elements, adding that the aircraft sparked panic in the ranks of ISIS. Charlie Hebdo Pakistani legislators chant 'death to blasphemers' Rate of environmental degradation puts life on Earth at risk, say scientists Humans are eating away at our own life support systems at a rate unseen in the past 10,000 years, two new research papers say Israel says Swedish foreign minister not welcome David Cameron seeks cooperation of US president over encryption crackdown | The Guardian Tanzania has banned witch doctors after dozens of albinos were murdered for their body parts, which witch doctors believe bring good luck and wealth. Waiting in line for basic goods now a profession in Venezuela Russia could soon run multiple Ukrainesized operations. U.S. general Certainly within the next four to five years they will have the ability to conduct operations in eastern Ukraine and pressure the Baltics and pressure Georgia and do other things, without having to do a full mobilization Six Ukrainian soldiers killed, fighting rages at airport in Donetsk Belgian government 'okays' deployment of army in cities because of terror threat. Cuba opens up more to US travellers, trade starting tomorrow There is no chance that Russian President Vladimir Putin will be invited to the next meeting of G7 leaders, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who will host the summit, was quoted as saying on Thursday Patriot Act Idea Rises in France, and Is Ridiculed Under Bush presidency, C.I.A. provided Iran with nuclear schematics that were intentionally flawed. It is believed that the Iranians quickly discovered the flaws and worked around them. Turkish military says Turkey's national intelligence service (MIT) shipped weapons to alQaeda Draft of new Thailand constitution offers protections for gay, transgender people Pope, in Philippines, says samesex marriage threatens family At Least Two More Planets May Exist Beyond Pluto (new study suggests) Fat 8bn bonus for Goldman Sachs bankers who helped create world financial crisis Saudi King steps in and delays second round of 50 lashes on health grounds amid the flogging clamour of Saudi blogger Raif Badawi A senior Russian diplomat says far more than 800 Russians are fighting alongside ISIS. Halfway through the rainy season, the key reservoir for the hemisphere's largest city holds just 6 percent of its capacity, and experts warned Friday that Sao Paulo authorities must take urgent steps to prevent the worst drought in more than 80 years from drying it out Turkish anchorwoman faces 5 years in jail for tweet Tens of thousands rally in Chad to back army move against Boko Haram Protesters burn French flag at anticartoon rally on Temple Mount The entire Muslim population of Italy has been closely monitored while some 2,000 Muslims have been aggressively monitored, according to WikiLeaks cables dated from 2005 and classified by the thenUS Ambassador to Italy Ronald Spogli. $1 Billion Rocket Engine Deal Cements Russia's Place in U.S. Space Industry Pope, on visit to Philippines, defends catholic ban on contraception The Drug Enforcement Administration has formally acknowledged that it maintained a sweeping database of phone calls made from the United States to multiple foreign countries. The program has since been discontinued, the Justice Department said Friday. India builds solar plants atop canals to save land, water Gunmen seize Yemen president's chief of staff. Belgium troops deploy to patrol streets French Cultural Center In Niger Set On Fire By Muslims Protesting Charlie Hebdo Mohammed Cartoons Turkish police 3,000 in Turkey linked to ISIL group Isis has released photographs that show the final moments before a man is thrown from the roof of a building for being gay. Boko Haram survivor told not to search for children, 'we killed them' Terror plan was to kill Belgian police on the streets, in stations, prosecutor says I know it has been said before, but Al Jazeera English is one of the best news outlets out there.  It's a shame most Americans think they're in cahoots with terrorists. 50year french mystery of the 'cursed bread' solved CIA spiked the bread with LSD as part of an experiment b'A new government commercial currently running on one of Britains most popular radio stations is selling one thing  fear  by encouraging Londoners to report their neighbors as terrorists if they use cash, enjoy their privacy, or even close their curtains.' b'This photos are taken in the mental institution, and you will get to see that most of the people are with some physical disability too. The conditions are terrible and this people dont get the proper medical care.' b'The Devil resides in the Vatican says Vatican Chief Exorcist.' b'Facebook may sue the Daily Mail  Awesome! ' b'Joe Biden Israel undermining peace effort' b'(France) Teacher Sprayed with Gas after Denouncing alQaeda...' b'Poll asked Should whether Arab citizens should be granted rights equal to that of Jews in Israel? 49.5% of Israeli high school students answered NO.' b'The human rights situation in Iran has rapidly degenerated into governmentled killings of election protesters and acts of politically motivated torture, beatings and rape' Israel's Labor Party may quit the governing coalition over settlement decision. b'Behold! The World's Most Traveled Man 806 countries in ten years.' b'Morocco says it will take a tough line on proselytizing  two days after 20 Christians are expelled for trying to convert children' b'8 reporters kidnapped in Mexican city' b'Murdoch(jnr) illegal downloading no different from stealing a handbag ' b'China now has more billionaires than any other country besides the United States' b'Iran unveils new cruise missile' Hungary criminalises holocaust denial  Truth needs no 'law' to protect it. b'7 Years After Killing, Family of Slain US Peace Activist Rachel Corrie Heads to Israel for Wrongful Death Suit Against Israeli Govt' b'Nationwide strike brings Greece to a standstill ' Mexican Carlos Slim Huan overtakes Bill Gates as the world's richest man, according to the Forbes 'rich list'. In related news, the Mexican GDP per capita in PPP is US$10,600. b'Climate change is a fact, says China' b'Why the Greeks are protesting Cuts in bonus pay bite into income that civil servants rely on' b'ANC defends 'Kill the Boer' song  The ruling ANC defended youth leader Julius Malema for singing, shoot the boers, they are rapists, saying the lyrics of the song had been quoted out of context.' b'Battle Ground Athens second general strike leads to pitched battles | libcom.org' The United States taps half a billion phone calls, emails and text messages in Germany in a typical month and has classed its biggest European ally as a target similar to China.. U.S. bugged EU offices, computer networks European officials reacted with fury Sunday after a report that the U.S. National Security Agency spied on EU offices. The European Union warned that if the report is accurate, it will have tremendous repercussions. How Chevron Turned the Tables in Ecuador  Faced with a $19b fine for polluting Ecuadors rainforest, Chevron has launched a nonstop attack, hauling them into court in New York, accusing them of fraud & extortion, going after Ecuadors judicial system as well. And it's working. A British teen on holiday in Turkey was stripped naked and knifed 17 times for kissing a local Turkish girl in a bar All participants in St Petersburg gay pride arrested for marching Shiites are now being lynched in Egypt Ecuador President Snowden Can't Leave Moscow Revealed secret European deals to hand over private data to America Irish Bankers Lied to get Bailout Leaked Tapes Show Croatia becomes 28th member of European Union Victims of Notorious Magdalene Laundries to be Compensated  Irish govt to pay 58m euros ($75m) to 100s of women forced to work at Catholic Church's laundries  10,000 women & girls were put through great hardship from 19221996. Nuns treated them like slaves. European Union concerned over claim of US spying and head of the European Parliament has demanded full clarification from the US A Pakistani Christian girl who was arrested for blasphemy last year and forced into hiding for fear of her life has moved to Canada Thousands gather in Istanbul's Taksim Square to demand justice for slain protester Saudi Arabian Women's Conference... With Not A Female In Sight The day that the river turned black More than 200 villagers have died from cancer in the past 10 years in a village near a heavily polluted river in China's eastern Anhui Province. The village, with a population of just 1,000, is one of a number of socalled cancer villages near the Huaihe River. UK's ancient forests could spread again thanks to plan to clone 'supertrees' Ecuador has asked the Kremlin for talks over the fate of fugitive US intelligence whistleblower Edward Snowden At stroke of midnight, Croatia to join European Union Croatia will become the 28th EU member on Monday, some 20 years after gaining independence in a bloody civil war Egypt group 22 million signatures against Morsi Global agribusiness giant Monsanto angers Australia farmers by increasing stake in local crop company Recent leak exposes Ecuador's own surveillance state. In response, Ecuador files for copyright violation to get documents taken down. Woman who sits on death row for blasphemy is still at least two years away from an appeal date PAKISTAN Impossible to stomach Merkel slams Irish bankers who fudged bailout figures b'CAUGHT Guy who dropped dog from a bridge in Latvia. Arrested, with PICS. Translated article.' b'The official inductees of the 2010 Sweatshop Hall of Shame are Abercrombie and Fitch, Gymboree, Hanes, Ikea, Kohls, LL Bean, Pier 1 Imports, Propper International, and Walmart' b'Van Rompuy is the first president of Europe' b'Russia confirms death penalty ban' b'Dont ask A new law against homosexuality in Uganda could set a nasty trend | The Economist' For the first time, Africa's population exceeds a billion (1,000,000,000) b'An open letter to Obama from a Gaza resident We, the Palestinian people, are fed up!' b'The Tijuana of the Caspian  Where Iranians go for booze, sex and pork.' b'South African runner Caster Semenya will keep her 800meter gold medal from the world championships, and the results of her gender tests will be kept confidential, the South African sports ministry said Thursday.' b'Red Cross Red Crescent report about albinos who are being hunted for their body parts' b'Israel emulating the witchhunt tactics of the U.S. academic monitoring group Campus Watch' b'UK Judge allows secret services to hide evidence in Guantnamo torture cases' b'Tony Blair out of race to become European Council president' Ireland Hey immigrants, the economy is shitty so we'll pay you to leave. UK As the Queen's speech dominates the news, what you didn't hear about  High Court rules trials can be held in secret b'There are stupid women who come to the Western Wall, put on a tallit and pray,Jewish woman arrested over shawl .' b'Suicide bomber in Pakistan kills 19 at courthouse in Peshawar, it is the 10th bombing in six weeks in the city as Taliban militants retaliate for a Pakistani offensive along the Afghan border' b'State Department says Israel discriminates' b'Russian court extends moratorium on death penalty; full ban expected' b'Abbas Only solution is to declare Palestinian state; with peace negotiations stalled and another illegal settlement in E. Jerusalem approved by the Israelis, Palestinians say they intend to seek recognition of statehood at United Nations ' b'Van Rompuy takes EU presidency, Lady Ashton  nominated as foreign minister' b'Big Oil and Big Coal Spend Big to Kill Clean Energy Bill' Indonesian Elementary School Students Set Fire To  '2012' Film DVDs  The Jakarta Globe b'Lions kill white tiger in Czech zoo' b'Poland, Lithuania and Ukraine to set up joint army ' b'FIFA and Germany helped finance a soccer stadium in the Palestinian territories.  Now that it is almost complete, Israel has decided to tear it down.' b'Depressed woman loses benefits over Facebook photos' b'Illegal Israeli settlements are diverting water in occupied territory.' b'New poll 53% of Israelis think ethnic cleansing is the solution to the conflict ' b'British TV documentary on Israel lobby is accused of antisemitism' b'Regarding Afghanistan In 1981, we gave them 100 mln. of free assistance. And all of that went to the elite. And there was nothing in the hamlets  no kerosene, no matches.n Marshall Sokolov, Soviet Minister of Defense' How the British lied to put a killer in power Indonesia's President Sukarno was overthrown in 1966 and up to half a million people massacred. The BBC, the Observer and Reuters were all duped into carrying false stories manufactured by agents.  b'50 oil tankers loitering off British coast as they lie in wait for fuel price hiken' Katrina flooding blamed on 'monumental negligence' of Army Corps of Engineers b'Flood photos of severe weather in England and Scotland  and yes Cockermouth is a real place' b' If the UK left the EU what would the consequences be?' b'Cockermouth is flooded' b'Peru arrests four people accused of killing dozens   harvesting their fat and selling it to Europe for cosmetics' b'Four people have been arrested in Peru on suspicion of killing dozens of people in order to sell their fat and tissue for cosmetic uses in Europe.' b'Portuguese Government prohibits fees in transactions involving ATM cards (via google translate)' We all know that the 'new world order' is just a crazy conspiracy, but a South Korean newspaper just told South Koreans that they must be ready for it. b'Diplomat says Canadians handed over innocent Afghans to torture, covered it up' Rabbi admits 'cocaine and prostitute marathon' Court Rejects UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband's Bid to Suppress CIA Evidence Court accused Miliband of wanting to suppress info about CIA activities even though details had already been disclosed by the US b'India Its the CRPF [police] that beat up doctors who go into jungle to treat patients. They beat teachers too. They behead a child in front of his grandfather, rape Adivasi [indigenous] women at will. Green Hunt will result in genocide of Adivasis. Those who survive will become Naxalites.' b'Israel does not only steal Palestinian water, they pollute the water that does go through to Palestinians to prevent them from using it [VID]' b'Just like any other pack or rabid animals, Tea partiers turn on each other.' b'Palin 'Jews need a place to live'    ...Palin disagrees ...that Israel halt settlement construction, although her reason for that opinion is puzzling to some (or at the least demonstrates she's not familiar with the term natural growth that much of the debate has revolved around). ' b'US yet to ratify child rights pact' b'The dark truth about Latin American energy.' Canada creates $5,000 cap on liability for file sharing lawsuits Internet and Mobile Has Been Cut Off in Syria  Swedish drunk MP falls over with his wheelchair and is helped by immigrants. He then calls the police saying the immigrants stole his backpack, which he in reality had forgotten at the bar... Palestinians set to win statehood recognition in UN vote Good News For Animal Lovers Factory Farming's Days May Be Numbered In a stunning victory for humane farming, Australia's largest supermarket chain, Coles, will as of January 1 stop selling company branded pork and eggs from animals kept in factory farms Bodies Found on Drifting Ship Near Japan  It was badly damaged & contained faint markings on the side that appeared to be Korean characters. Some bodies had decomposed to the point where only skeletons remained.
  Seas rising 60% faster than UN forecast Dutch parliament to abolish blasphemy law The blasphemy law was no longer relevant in the 21st century German man locked up over HVB bank allegations may have been telling truth. Women in poor countries miss up to a month of work or school per year, because they don't have access to lowcost sanitary pads. Poland's top court has outlawed the religious slaughter of animals weeks before the EU is due to allow the practice on religious grounds. It will no longer be legal to allow animals to have their throats cut and bleed to death without first being stunned. The Secret to Iranian Drone Technology? Just Add Photoshop  Earlier this month, Iran said it made a new drone that could take off and land vertically. However, the picture they released was just an altered version of a drone developed by Japan's Chiba University. Samsung asks employees to quit getting smashed at company events 
Bangladeshi Factory Workers Say They Were Locked In During Deadly Inferno  
As if the story of the deadly blaze that killed 112 people in a Bangladeshi garment factory couldn't get any worse, new details suggest that somebody locked the workers in the burning building.  Polish ruling on kosher meat angers Jews 
Sweden makes genderfree toy Christmas wish come true With a picture of a girl with a Nerf gun, a Swedish toy retailer is arming children with the ability to question outdated gender roles
 A Russian businessman helping Swiss prosecutors uncover a powerful fraud syndicate has died in unexplained circumstances near his mansion in Britain, in a chilling twist to a Russian mafia scandal that has strained Moscow's ties with the West.
| Reuters Serbian village in panic after mayor warns of vampire on the loose... EU rejects French report linking GM maize to cancer  Three managers accused of locking gates in fire in Bangladesh factory where 100 were killed by a fire. The factory makes clothing for WalMart, amongst other European chains. Cairo court gives death penalty to Egyptian Christians tried in absentia for participating in Innocence of Muslims video Amazon deforestation drops to record low The new figure, a staggering 27% drop from 2011, exceeded the expectations of the Brazilian government Germany backtracks on Palestinian UN bid, decides to abstain. Haiti seeks $2bn to fight cholera outbreak blamed on UN soldiers  
Government to unveil 10year plan for water & sanitisation as evidence grows that peacekeepers were source of infection 15 yr old Afghan girl has throat slit over refusal to wed Girl, 8, to get vaccination shots after court overrules mum (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird) Spain Intends to Back Palestinian Bid for Statehood at UN. Wife forced to remarry husband who threw acid into her face |
			News.com.au Iceland's president explains how a financial crisis should be handled Let the banks fold.  Egyptian Christians sentenced to death for antiIslam film Finlands education system ranked number one. #2 South Korea #3 Hong Kong.  Mass Cairo protest!! Demonstrators are accusing President Morsi & Muslim Brotherhood of betraying last year's revolution. On Wednesday Switzerland & Denmark joined a growing list of European countries that back an upgrade for Palestinians to nonmember status at the United Nations, a victory that would be a diplomatic boost to their aspirations for statehood Citing hunt for pedophiles, Dutch government to make refusing to help decrypt computer a crime  The Dutch government says it is planning to make it a crime for a suspect in a child sex abuse or terrorism case to refuse to help decrypt a computer when ordered to do so by prosecutors. Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon rainforest has dropped to its lowest level in 24 years, the government said Tuesday. Owner of TVShack, UK student Richard O'Dwyer avoids extradition Why the Fate of Humanity Rests on a Chinese MiddleSchooler's Test Scores Germany will not back Palestinian U.N. bid Dirty War Against Africa's Rhinos  In 2007, 13 rhino were poached in S Africa.  This year, 585 were slain  by organized gangs smuggling horns to Asia.  They recruit triggermen with military backgrounds equipped with silencers & night vision. Helicopters, flying below  radar, get poachers in & out.  Spain to recognize Palestinian state at UN Three midlevel managers arrested in connection to the Bangladesh factory blaze which killed over 100 workers. Survivors told us that they did not allow the workers to escape the fire, saying that it was a routine fire drill. There are also allegations that they even padlocked doors. Kabul Bank audit reveals the bank as a massive Ponzi scheme Is the world ignoring the Congo war? Why Finland's Unorthodox Education System Is The Best In The World Particles for Peace Iranian, Israeli, Turkish and Arab Physicists Lay Plans for a Joint Particle Accelerator | Observations, Scientific American Blog Network Life discovered in ancient polar lake Palestinians Predict Historic UN Vote on Statehood Hundreds of millions of dollars from Kabul Bank were spirited out of Afghanistan  some smuggled in airline food trays to bank accounts in more than two dozen countries,  revealed in a report  about massive fraud that led to the collapse of the nation's largest financial institution Largest trial of 'Dirty War' crimes starts in Argentina Sixtyeight former officials face 800 charges of kidnap, torture and murder William Hague says UK set to abstain in Palestinian UN vote China's party paper falls for Onion joke about Kim Jong Un One challenge I have when I speak about North Korea is I run out of adjectives for how bad things are... This place is almost this black hole for modern civilization France to Back Palestinian Bid for Status at U.N. The scale of cruelty and corporal punishment in Indian schools was highlighted . . . by the attempted suicide of 13 year girl who was paraded naked by a teacher for 'stealing' Toronto mayor ordered removed from office Having the Internet rewired by bureaucrats would be like handing a Stradivarius to a gorilla. U.N. to Seek Control of the Internet Germany to ban sex with animals A Hungarian farright politician urged the government to draw up lists of Jews who pose a national security risk, stirring outrage among Jewish leaders who saw echoes of fascist policies that led to the Holocaust. UK Lord Suggests Dropping A Neutron Bomb On PakistanAfghanistan Border To create cordons sanitaire along various borders where people are causing trouble How Ordinary Chinese are Talking, & Fighting Back  Chinese are using Weibo to expose corruption, criticize officials & try to make their country a better place  even as the Communist Party tries to control the Weibo revolution.  This isn't to say there isn't censorship  there is, & plenty of it.
 Man featured in show about honour killing is murdered in honour killing  The Times of India Australian Prime Minister forced to withdraw support for Israel in UN vote. Canadian exSalvation Army exec surrenders to police; he is accused of stealing more than $2,000,000 in toys from the organization A bomb was found on Monday under the car of a prominent Pakistani journalist who the Taliban had threatened over his coverage of a schoolgirl the militants shot France said on Tuesday it would vote in favour of Palestinian nonmember status at the United Nations, boosting Palestinian efforts to secure greater international recognition.
| Reuters BBC News  Risk of robot uprising wiping out human race to be studied Uganda will pass antihomosexuality bill this year, says Speaker. Death penalty clause dropped from latest draft but bill encourages violence against gay men and lesbians, say activists Heres the Chinese passport map thats infuriating much of Asia. Chinas new official passport carries, on its eighth page, a watermark map of China that has set off diplomatic disputes with four neighboring countries. China planning 'huge fracking industry' One of the Israeli militarys most visible spokesmen is under fire for a photo he posted on his Facebook page captioned Obama style in which his face is smeared with mud. Protesting Farmers Spray European Parliament & Riot Police With Milk  Thousands of dairy farmers angry at falling dairy prices in the EU &  accompanied by hundreds of tractors, descended on Brussels for 2 days of demonstrations. Tractors are hindering EU officials from reaching their offices. After four years, Graham Hughes visits every country in the world, without flying. Finishes in South Sudan, a country that didn't exist when he started his trip.
 October Was 332nd Consecutive Globally Warm Month Japan Is Flexing Its Military Muscle to Counter a Rising China Plane loads of cash Flight records reveal Russia flew 30 tonnes of bank notes to Syrian regime. The logs show that a cargo plane belonging to the Syrian Air Force made eight round trips between Moscows Vnukovo Airport and Damascus over three months this summer Having survived two assassination attempts, Mexican mayor beaten to death Vietnam's passport control offices are refusing to stamp visa pages in the new Chinese passports containing a map showing islands in the South China Sea as part of Chinese territory.  Crowd of 300 sexually assaults three girls in Tahrir Square Over 500 Bangladesh clothes factories for Walmart, H&M, Tesco & others declare wildcat holiday, fearing rising protests against bad labor conditions   Garment workers demanding end to deathtraps after new blaze sparks fresh panic & terror following worstever textile factory fire in country.   Atheists and Islam No God, not even Allah  ExMuslim atheists are becoming more outspoken, but tolerance is still rare An autopsy on the exhumed body late President Turgut Ozal, who led Turkey out of military rule in the 1980s, has revealed evidence of poisoning, a newspaper reported on Monday.
 UK gives 19 million aid to South Africa  its president spends 17.5 million on his palace. In Egypt, presidents power grab unites those who once battled over Mubarak  With Egyptian President Mohamed Morsis decision  to assume nearabsolute power over his country, at least for now, secularists of all stripes have mobilized in ways unimaginable just a week ago. Universal Health care hits 94% approval in Canada Catalans Vote in Secession Push Catalans began voting for a regional government, driving a push for independence from Spain; if the prosecession party wins a majority, a referendum on independence would likely follow within two years A fire at a clothing manufacturer in Bangladesh kills 112 workers British engineer hacked to death on his South African farm  A British engineer who moved to South Africa after falling in love with the country has been brutally murdered on his remote farmstead.  Egypt's stock market has plummeted in its first trading session since the Islamist president expanded his authority last week, triggering violent protests and a political crisis An Israeli mother who lost her son and a Palestinian whose father was shot dead now seek peace together in the Middle East Harper took steps to stifle Palestinian statehood bid Israel and Palestine's leaders  and cheerleaders  have failed them Those who support Israel or Palestine as if they were rival football teams do those two peoples a terrible disservice Pakistan 13 Die After Drinking Cough Syrup   Egyptian Judges Feud With Morsi  Fed up with the President trying to rid his office of judicial checks & balances, highest judges call for nationwide strike against the power grab, an unprecedented attack on judiciary branch.  But not everyone opposes Morsis aim for  dictatorial powers. More than 800 homes flooded as storms hit UK. Britain has a duty to back us at UN, say Palestinians 'Poison' pen mightier than sword for wouldbe North Korean assassin (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird) Korea's whopping US$275 billion tourism city plan | CNN Travel Chinese flock to elite U.S. schools  Ireland to Act Fast on Abortion Law, Providing Limited Access if an Expert Group's Recommendation is Accepted by the Cabinet, After Raging Controversy Over Woman's Death  The 'expert group' will deal with how the State deals with  lawful abortions.   Public anger in China erupts online as official caught in sex tape scandal.  there are more videos featuring at least five other senior figures China's Toxic Milk Whistleblower Murdered Sanal Edamaruku faces jail for revealing 'tears' trickling down a Mumbai church statue came from clogged drainage pipes Japan Working on 300 MPH Floating Train  The Series Lo prototype is a magnetic levitation train, floating above its track & moving forward thanks to powerful magnets. It'll run from Tokyo to Nagoya, & travel as fast as 500 kilometers per hour (about 311 mph).   Several thousand people have turned out for a rally in Mali's capital, Bamako, to show support for the authentic Islam and to say no to religious extremism Arafat's Body to be Exhumed to Test for Poison  French opened  murder inquiry after  Swiss  found high levels of radioactive polonium on his clothing, supplied by his widow. Palestinians say they've evidence suggesting Arafat was assassinated by Israelis. Israel denies any involvement. Scientists Rush To Save Manta Rays, The 'Pandas Of The Ocean' Nearly 10,000 march in Kuala Lumpur to stop controversial rare earth plant A Chinesemade fighter jet has landed on Beijing's first aircraft carrier, the Liaoning C.S. Lewis to be honoured with stone in Poets' Corner, Westminster Abbey Syrian rebels capture air base near Damascus China will build the worlds tallest building using giant lego like pieces... In a total of 90 days. Bangladesh clothes factory fire kills 'at least 120' Atheists and Islam ExMuslim atheists are becoming more outspoken, but tolerance is still rare Selfimmolations on rise in Tibet  Toronto police recover $2 million worth of toys and donated goods stolen from a Salvation Army warehouse Europe mulls banning 'boxes' for abandoned babies 'The box is a warm incubator that can be opened from an outside wall of a hospital where a desperate parent can anonymously leave an unwanted infant.' Greek police have recovered antiquities stolen from a museum in Ancient Olympia and arrested three people after one of them tried to sell an ancient gold ring to an undercover policeman Iran warns Turkey not to deploy Patriot missiles Swedish toy firm drops gender roles for Christmas Boris we are losing India to the Americans  Telegraph Report Israeli spy satellites spot Iranian ship being loaded with rockets for Gaza Pakistani Lawyers become Thugs, Beat and Terrorize Cops and Judges in their black suits and ties India's clothing workers 'They slap us and call us dogs and monkeys'. Human rights tribunal hears allegations of abuse and low pay against clothing companies that supply high street stores Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility for bomb attack on Shia procession Sunni extremists arrested over threats to Shia Muslims  in Sydney, Australia Japan's Population Now So Old That Sales Of Adult Diapers Exceed Those For Babies  Mexico President says it's impossible to end drug trade Either the US decides to drastically reduce their consumption of drugs, or if they are not going to reduce it they at least have the moral responsibility to reduce the flow of money towards Mexico, which goes into the hands of criminals World's most expensive footballer Cristiano Ronaldo donates 1.5m to children in Gaza Muslim radio station in Britain fined for saying gay people should be tortured China Homeless children found dead in rubbish bin Mass protests erupt in Egypt against Mursis antidemocratic decrees Boxer Hector Camacho dies after life support is turned off. 
The 'nutrition gap' between Britain's rich and poor is vast  and wicked

 Pussy Riot woman moved to solitary confinement  MSPs dismiss Donald Trumps wind farms warning. There is no evidence to support claims by American tycoon Donald Trump that wind turbines would destroy Scottish tourism, MSPs have concluded. Israel said to ease restrictions on Gaza fishing and farming Brazil gang's slaughter of police sparks fightback Mashaal I accept a Palestinian state on '67 borders. Hamas leader says he'll move to a peaceful path contingent on the end of the occupation and Palestinian statehood. Egypt's top judges condemn Mohamed Morsi power grab Uruguay lawmakers are calling on the government to go even further and legalize all drugs in a bid to blunt the power of and threat from illicit drug traffickers Parents lose care of foster children due to membership of UK Independence Party Wave of Plagiarism Cases Strikes German Politics  Over 1/2 a dozen politicians  in embarrassing cheating scandal that last year cost defense minister his job. The education minister is also implicated. She, like the others, is accused of plagiarizing people's work while earning a doctorate degree. 4yearold Dalit girl raped and strangled to death in Meerut, India  Education Secretary calls decision to remove  3 children from a foster couple because they belong to 'United Kingdom Independent Party' as indefensible.  The children  who are not indigenous white British  were removed by social workers accusing the couple of belonging to a racist party. No One Pharaoh Should Have All That Power  
Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi, who when elected reclaimed some executive power from previous military regime, is in hot water after giving himself a Thanksgiving present that put him above the courts & has some  calling him Pharaoh.  Clashes Break Out After Morsi Seizes New Power in Egypt Chinese Consumers Willing to Pay More for AmericanMade Goods | PRI's The World French MPs have been caught playing online poker and chess and buying wine and clothes on their electronic tablets during debates in the National Assembly, sparking calls for the new Socialist speaker to scramble wireless signals in the chamber for the sake of democracy.  Record Killing of Journalists In 2012 The deadliest country this year was Syria, where 36 journalists and dozens more media activists have been killed Germany Rejects Swiss tax Deal  The deal would've allowed Germans with undeclared assets in Switzerland to avoid punishment by making a oneoff payment of between 21% & 41% of the value of their assets. It was a deal which made honest taxpayers feel like fools. Egypt protesters set fire to Muslim Brotherhood offices 65%  of Canadians over 18 support either pot legalization & taxation, or the decriminalization of small amounts of marijuana  I think we have to recognize 1st & foremost  the war on drugs, as it exists, doesnt work. Legalization is a smart policy for the Liberal Party. Saudi Arabia now electronically monitoring women, letting male family members know when they try to leave the country Mexico City Now One of Safest Places in Mexico  Once infamous for its pollution, lawlessness, & chaos,  it's at the vanguard of ecological & civic change.  Abortion, gay marriage, & gay adoption is legalized. Outsiders who once viewed the city as terrorizing, now want to visit, to live here.
 A Dubai court has sentenced an Irish man and British woman to three months in jail for an intimate encounter in the back of a taxi. Muslim Man to Open 'Mosque for Gays' in France Delhi government widens ban on plastic Plastic is an environmental disaster A teenage girl in the Indian capital Delhi has been shot dead by a man after she objected to him urinating near the gate of her family home, police said. Israeli soldiers open fire in Gaza buffer zone  1 killed, 10 injured BBC News  Egypt's President Mursi assumes sweeping powers Pakistan will suspend cellphone services in most parts of the country over the next 2 days to prevent attacks against Shias Muslims during Muharram  Militants detonate bombs using cell phones. The govt has never suspended service on such a wide scale for this.  Syria forces airstrike on Aleppo Hospital At least 40 people killed Delhi Imposes Blanket Ban on All Plastic Bags  No use, sale, or manufacturing. No exceptions. Delhi generates 574 metric tons (1.2m lbs) of plastic waste a day. Jute is popular alternative, but not widely available. Ban on garbage bags likely to see resistance with few alternatives available.  Mexico's President Tries to Change Country's Name  Opposition leaders in Egypt are calling for a million man march to protest against what they say is a coup by President Mohamed Morsi. A rumour that a Christian man blasphemed against Islam has sparked a riot in the Nigeria  Man stopped from peeing in public kills girl in India Amid Protests, Spain Tries Banning Photos Of Police In One Chinese Province, the Government Literally Paves a Highway Around Homeowners Who Refuse to Move AntiMorsi protesters torch Muslim Brotherhood offices Map depicted in new Chinese passport raises diplomatic row BBC News  Hong Kong Former British colony fears China 'remake' There is only one or two legitimate ninjas left in Japan, and they are to be the last. This saddens me.  Egypt's Morsi grants himself farreaching powers Gaza crisis Palestinian 'shot dead near border'  Israel and Palestinians Agree to a Truce China sends 90 tons of aid, including 900 tents, 10,000 blankets, 30 water purification systems, 100 electric generators and assorted medicines to Cuba for Hurricane Sandy recovery(xpost from /r/China) The Beatles' audition tape famously rejected by a record executive in 1962 has finally been uncovered after 50 years The Church of England can no longer continue as an arm of the state By voting against women bishops, it has shown itself to be a discriminatory organisation that seeks to be above the law China to build world's tallest skyscraper in 90 days.. Ceasefire between Hamas and Israel agreed Hacker Arrested for Stealing ID Info of Most of Greece  Found in possession of 9 million data files containing ID data, addresses, tax ID & licence plate numbers,  he's  suspected of trying to sell. Some kind of accomplice working in govt hasn't been ruled out. Canada $2 Million in Toys Stolen From Salvation Army Argentine experts have discovered the fossils of a twometretall penguin that lived in Antarctica 34 million years ago. A South Pacific island identified on Google Earth & world maps doesn't exist, according to Australian scientists who went searching for it  The  sizeable strip of land, named Sandy Island, was positioned between Australia & Frenchgoverned New Caledonia. Were really puzzled. Its quite bizarre. Great tits more susceptible to disease than other British birds Rape in Congo is not a myth  if anything, it is underreported A report claiming aid agencies exaggerate rape stories for publicity is untrue, unhelpful and out of date Internal emails among U.S. military officers indicate that no sailors watched Osama bin Ladens burial at sea from the USS Carl Vinson and traditional Islamic procedures were followed during the ceremony. Iran supplied Hamas with Fajr5 missile technology Scientists 'undiscover' Pacific island Singapore is world's least emotional country, poll finds. Only 36% of Singaporeans report feeling positive or negative emotions on a daily basis, compared to 60% in the Philippines Lebanese rockets fired at Israel.  US Secretary of State Hilary Clinton and  Egyptian Foreign Minster announce cease fire between Israel and Hamas The entire Christian calendar is based on a miscalculation, the Pope has declared, as he claims in a new book that Jesus was born several years earlier than commonly believed. Spanish government struggles to respond to home eviction suicides  

In less than a month, at least five people who were about to be forcefully evicted from their homes committed suicide. The issue is galvanizing opposition to austerity measures.  Japans Last True Ninja China arrests blogger for Twitter joke Taliban suicide bomber kills 23 in Pakistan Rebels say Syria hospital strike kills 40  Global shadow banking hits $67 trillion.
 
G20 charts rise of sector blamed for aggravating worldwide financial crisis
