 Human bones could reveal truth of Japan's 'Unit 731' experiments b'British Columnist  We not only have a right to use torture, we have a duty. The arrogant bastard goes on to suggest and justify torturing the wife and children. ' b'This is fucking terrifying the man who led the  peaceful demonstration against the Mohammad  cartoons in Oslo last Friday says that gays deserve  to be stoned to death. (Article inside)' CCTV shows 'international hit squad' at work in Dubai b'BBC presenter Ray Gosling admits on live television that he killed AIDSstricken lover.' b'Dubai names suspects wanted for killing of Hamas commander Arrest warrants for 11 Israeli agents with European passports' b'The government seems intent on pressing ahead with the use of body scanners without addressing any of the privacy concerns and safeguard issues raised.  The commission is right to suggest that security measures cannot simply be introduced without due respect for the rule of law.' b'Icelandic resolution could legally make the country a haven for protection of freedoms of expression and information.  ' b'Amnesty International has lost sight of its original purpose ... It's now incumbent on any member who takes the original charter seriously to withdraw funding until Begg is cut loose ... and until Sahgal has been reinstated.' b'European hit squad killed Hamas leader' b'Suspected killers of Hamas official Mahmoud alMabhouh were travelling on fake passports. Includes passport photos.' Seeds of discontent the 'miracle' crop that has failed to deliverA new 'ethical' biofuel is damaging the impoverished people it was supposed to helpn b'British sources Three Irish passportholders accused of taking part in the assassination of a Hamas commander in Dubai were most likely Mossad agents carrying false documentation' b'French authorities deliberately exposed soldiers to nuclear testing in the Sahara' b'I recently discovered the War Nerd.  I wish this guy was still around.  Good article on the strategy of the Iraq War.' Yet another plot twist to the Dubai assassination at least 5 Israelis share names with assassins, but photos don't match, and they still have their passports.  b'Argentina has said any boat sailing between it and the Falkland Islands will now need a government permit.' b'Top Taliban commander captured, U.S. official says' b'Soldiers take time out from war to treat 7yearold caught in crossfire' b'US Marines and Afghan troops are bogged down by sniper fire and homemade bombs on the third day of their biggest offensive since the overthrow of the Taleban in 2001' b'New Delhi, India known as rape capital of South Asia as the practice of Eve Teasing continues unabated, or why some Indian men can't take a hint. ' b'Iran Defends Human Rights Record Before U.N. Council ' b'An 11person team of trained killers with European passports carried out the assassination of a senior Hamas official in a Dubai hotel.' 'Iran Won't Simply Sit There and Accept an Attack' b'Switzerland to Gadaffi You are not welcome here. Gadaffi to most of Europe You are not welcome HERE' Paris attacks ringleader dead  French officials 355 ISIS targets in Syria destroyed by Russian air force in last 48 hours Putin Puts $50 Million Bounty on Heads of Metrojet Bombers Syrian man kills judge at ISIS Sharia Court for beheading his brother Paris attacks The eight terror suspects named so far are not refugees and all have EU passports Jeremy Corbyn calls for economic sanctions against banks and countries funding Isis The Labour leader has previously said the UK should be asking questions about Saudi Arabia's involvement China vows justice after ISIS executes national Three people stabbed in south Tel Aviv in suspected terror attack British Muslims take out a full page advert in the British press to condemn isil The potsmoking Paris suicide bomber Exwife reveals 'blood brother' terrorist was a jobless layabout who spent his time taking drugs and sleeping... and never went to the mosque White House vows to veto any bill limiting the amounts of Syrian refugees into the US ISIS Calls Anonymous Idiots as Cyber War Heats Up Honduras detains 5 Syrians heading for U.S. with stolen Greek passportspolice Man 'shot through window by stray bullet' in Paris attacks found dead in flat Obama's drone war a 'recruitment tool' for Isis, say US air force whistleblowers  Four former service members  including three sensor operators  issue plea to rethink current airstrike strategy that has fueled feelings of hatred toward US Nigeria's Boko Haram kills 49 in suicide bombings Bosnia Gunman kills two soldiers and blows himself up in Sarajevo 'terror' attack Beijing vows justice after Islamic State executes Chinese captive Swedish PM Stefan Lfvn in live press conference Sweden has been naive a long time about possible terror threats, he reveals that up until 2015 there was practically nothing on the table in terms of counterterrorism measures in Sweden A 1,111 carat high quality diamond has been discovered at a mine in Botswana, said to be the biggest find in more than a century The fearless father who threw himself on a suicide bomber, saving hundreds of lives in Beirut North Korea executes 3 women for recording South Korean TV drama Former Mexican president says country will legalise all drugs within a decade Alarming ''superbug'' gene discovered in China. Highly resistant to antibiotics with a chance of becoming an epidemic. US Offers $5M Reward for IS Leader Reports of gun fire, possible explosions near SaintDenis area of Paris, France France Rejects Fear, Renews Commitment To Take In 30,000 Syrian Refugees Paris attacks Mother died using her body to shield her fiveyearold son from bullets Despite Paris attacks, Hollande says erecting walls and fences would be the end of Europe. Indian Government starts offering up to 90% discount on cancer drugs and reduces costs of cardiac implants by 50 to 60 percent. Russia hits 206 ISIS targets in Syria after confirming bomb downed passenger plane over Sinai French Police Kill Three, Arrest Three in SaintDenis Raid Obama presses Canada for quick TPP approval Anonymous is crowdsourcing #OpParis, publishes noob guide to hacking A British couple was found guilty Tuesday of keeping a Nigerian immigrant enslaved for more than two decades, forcing him to work for no pay and threatening him with deportation if he tried to escape, prosecutors said. Montreal police arrest man in mask who vowed to kill Muslims in Quebec No explosives found and no arrests made in Hannover, Germany Turkey detains 8 Europebound IS suspects 'posing as refugees' Sweden raises terror threat level to second highest citing 'concrete information' Britain wants to close all of its coalfired power plants by 2025 and lower their output from 2023, the government said on Wednesday, making it the first major economy to put a date on shutting down polluting coal plants to curb carbon emissions. About 24,000 Colombians filed a class action lawsuit against government agencies after a study revealed the residents in the outskirts of Medelln have been drinking water contaminated with feces for more than 20 years. ISIS says it smuggled bomb onto Russian plane after finding security loophole  shows photo of improvised Russian plane bomb. Nigerian Soldiers Arrest Boko Haram Kingpin and Destroy IED Factory Paris Plans Defiant Night of Food, Drink and Cafe Life in Wake of Attacks All 129 victims of the Paris attacks have been identified, a French government spokesman says Japanese whalers fined $1 million by Australian court Man in Joker Mask Vows to Kill 'One Arab a Week' Across Quebec Boko Haram overtakes Isis as world's deadliest terror organisation Putin Says France Now Ally in Syria as Russia Steps Up Strikes India's Largest Muslim Organisation To Lead Protests Across The Country Against ISIS b'Israel prevents 15 truckloads of medicine from entering Gaza' b'Wikipedia blocked in Germany by leftwinged gay politician Lutz Heilmann. ' b'Policeman Beats and Kills Unarmed Man in Custody, is Convicted of Manslaughter and Given One Year Prison' b'Chronic malnutrition in Gaza blamed on Israel' Where tax goes up to 60 per cent, and everybody's happy paying it! In Sweden high rates underpin a very successful society Isolated Paraguayan Tribe Wins Wins Lawsuit They Didn't File b'Hiroshima The Lost Photographs' b'Gordon Brown wants to turn all British citizens into organ donors, willy nilly, unless they individually opt out. WTF!' b'World Leaders Agree to Act Together on Financial Crisis' b'Powerful 7.5 quake recorded in Indonesia' b'Less than 20% of Brits trust newspapers' b'Russian spy in Nato could have passed on missile defence and cyberwar secrets' b'Albino Africans Live In Fear Of Cannibal Witch Doctors' The Earth's 6th Great Mass Extinction is Occurring as You Read This b'Japanese ship seized by Somali pirates' b'Somali pirates hijacked Japanese cargo ship' It's five minutes to midnight. b'UK awash in donated Aussie sperm Come again, Aussie backpackers told' b'U.N. Agency in Gaza Runs Out of Food' b'Seventh foot, shod in a New Balance trainer, washes up as mystery deepen' b'Limerick rival clans show no sign of ending conflict' A bitter harvest  The West Bank's olive harvest is in full swing, and so are the settlers' clubs and the soldiers' batons b'EURussia Summit Brussels and Moscow Rediscover Friendship' b'How Hindu extremists in India killed two birds with one stone' Tony Blair's Iraq adviser wins 50,000 U.S. defence jo b'Putin I am going to hang Saakashvili by the balls. Why not? The Americans hanged Saddam Hussein. Sarkozy Yes, but do you want to end up like Bush? Putin You have a point' b'Jewish Settlers throw rocks at palestinians, IDF tries to force human rights worker recording the events to turn his camera off' Surprise surprise, now clueless UK politicians think they can regulate the internet through 'league tables' and 'age identity cards' Woman reaches US army's top rank b'Child protection register failed to communicate more than 80% of the abuse cases!' b'Russia Set To Change Constitution To Allow Vladimir Putin To Become President Again' b'Israel for blocking entry of journalists into Gaza' b'Did Michelangelo Have a Hidden Agenda?' Must Read If You Haven't Already 'The Israel Lobby' By Professors Mearsheimer and Walt b'Vandals blew up a statue of Lenin in Ryazan' b'Taliban urge world to block Afghan executions' b'British Couple Divorce Over Second Life I looked at the computer screen and could see his character having sex with a female character. It's cheating as far as I'm concerned' b'Must Watch Documentary The Israel Lobby and US Foreign Policy' b'Egyptian doctor sentenced to fifteen years jail, 1,500 lashes in Saudi Arabia' b'U.N Reports Accuse Israel of Human Rights Abuses Against Palestinians' b'Ron Paul on the up and coming G20 Summit' b'Curly Cukes to be Decriminalised' b'Canada Alert Rumour has it that a massive computer fraud has hit the PC Bank' b'Britain passes out pedometers to battle obesity and create nine healthy towns.' b'Hong Kong finds melamine in fish feed from mainland China' b'Sri Lanka Seizes Tamil Stronghold ' b'Croat government bans Christmas' b'Up to 50 nuclear warheads are believed to have gone missing during the Cold War, and not all of them are in unpopulated areas.' b'UN closes Gaza aid centers, citing lack of food' b'Car Bombing in Iraq Kills at Least 7 ' b'Russia Ready to buy Iceland for good money.' RUSSIA'S parliament will rush through a constitutional amendment that could see Vladimir Putin return to the presidency within weeks. b'Dubai What goes up, up, up...must come down. Only 5% of GDP comes from oil, leaving them poised for a big fall.' b'Taliban sprays Afghan girls with acid for not wearing burqas' b'Paulson in 2007 I have no interest in bailing out lenders or property speculators.' b'Indian probe touches down on Moon ' What's really happening in the Middle East Iran and Saudi Arabia are engaged in a Cold War that is playing out in both Iraq and Afghanistan. b'Sarkozy urges US, Russia to shelve missile plans' b'Taliban kill mullah critical of suicide attacks.  Religious leader slain days after preaching against oftused tactic.' b'India suffering disease of affluence' b'Australia is preparing to block public access to 10,000 websites deemed to carry unwanted content.' b'US drone strike kills 12 in Pakistan' b'Israeli troops face abuse trial' b'British troops out of Iraq by end of 2009 Iraqi official' b'Sarkozy to Putin Do you want to end up like Bush? ' b'U.N. says thick brown clouds of soot, particles and chemicals stretching from the Persian Gulf to Asia threaten health and food supplies in the world' Obama aide in 'antiArab' row  b'Are we just going to let this shit happen? These fuckers are robbing us in plain sight !' Local council spends $150,000 of taxpayers' cash....in bid to save taxpayers' cash  b'Vetting blunders label 12,000 innocent Britons as paedophiles, violent thugs and thieves' b'Russian leader Medvedev heading to Cuba & Venezuela ' b'Junk mail levels drop by 70% all because of the closure of one web hosting company' b'Egypt halts doctor visas to Saudi' b' Martin Kettle Tabloid irresponsibility means readers get most of their political information from newspapers no one trusts | Comment is free | The Guardian ' b'EU unveils plan to weaken Russian grip on gas supply' b'Now for being stupid and believing in witchcraft you will have to work much harder to recoup the money you gave us. Note left by Pyramid scheme operators to taunt angry victims.' b'Slapped Iraqi soldier shoots dead two US troops' b'Over a Million Liters of Alcohol for Thirsty German Soldiers in Afghanistan' b'More human rights abuses by Israel Gaza shut to fuel and journalists' b'Gaza Again Plunged into Darkness, Hunger as Israel Blocks Fuel, Food to Suffering Population' Russian girl learns she's an African princess b'Man with HIV gets bone marrow transplant for his leukemia, is free of HIV infections two years on.' b'Mitch Mitchell, Hendrix Drummer, Found Dead' b'Two girls blinded in Afghan acid attack' Hamas willing to accept a Palestinian state within 1967 borders and offer Israel ceasefire; meanwhile, UN running out of Gaza food aid as a result of Israel's blockade b'Dick waving in full swing US Rejects Russian Offer to Scrap European Missiles' b'UK falsely brands 12,000 as criminals' b'Does anyone have any decent pictures or footage of the fighting in DR Congo? All I can find is pics of refugees and a few interviews' b'Output from the world's oilfields is declining faster than previously thought, the first authoritative public study of the biggest fields shows.' b'Germany in recession' b'The failed suicide bomber who changed the war on terror in Afghanistan' b'Maldives President wants to relocate his entire sinking country!' b'Every Major Terrorist Threat Has Ties to Pakistan' b'Commandos operating from a warship of the Indian navy have prevented an attempt by pirates to hijack a ship in the Gulf of Aden' b'Gunmen kidnapped an Iranian diplomat in Pakistan after killing his guard  ' b'Baron Rothschild There is a New World Order.Banks will Deleverage and there will be a new form of global governance. ' b'Interpol raids net illegal internet drug peddlers in nine countries, including England, Canada and the US.' b'Turkey may send six youths between the ages of 13 and 14 to prison for up to 23 years for participating in proPKK demonstrations.' b'Somali pirate standoff Tanks, but No Tanks' b'It was only a matter of time before this happened.' Sudan's President has announced an immediate ceasefire in Darfur. b'Former boxer who killed pedophile wins prosecutors hearts' b'Israel blocks the flow of food into gaza.  The mormons should baptize those palestenians before they starve to death.' b'Afghan schoolgirls burned by acid in attack by men on motorcycle' b'The United Nations Is Worthless, Exhibit A' b'Japan was not the aggressor?!?' Italian Minister of Employment 'My whole country is full of lazy fuckers' In Depth Interview of Gareth Porter  Broke the Story About Fabricated 'Iran Working on Nukes' Evidence Second Class Citizens  Israel's 'deliberate and insufferable' discrimination of Arabs Israelis. b'Tony Blair bodyguard fires gun in Israeli airport' Iran Claims to Test Missile Within Israel's Reach  5,000 of taxpayers' money spent on training caviar inspectors as Britain nears recession b'Reports of looting, rapes as Congo peace fades ' b'When religion goes horribly wrong' b'Acid Attack on Afghan Schoolgirls' b'Schoolgirls sprayed with acid in Afghanistan (Islamic Burqa protects some victims on their way to school)' British people banned from using the word 'British' in case it upsets ethnic minorities  b'Can you spare $500? Nigerian scammers turn to Facebook' b' Iran testfires new missile, Israel within reach' b'India gives life sentences to the two men, one a Communist leader, who raped and killed the 18 year old girl who led protests that ultimately forced Tata Motors to relocate its Nano factory.' b'For the first time India announces the arrest of 9 Hindu terrorists accused of antiMuslim violence.' b'Afghan Insurgency Stronger Than Ever, Taliban Training Extremely Young Soldiers (VIDEO)' b'Greenpeace Activists Detain Palm Oil Tanker Where Do Readers Stand on Direct Action?' b'UK recession bites. Jobless numbers at 11year high.' b'Angered over the French indictment of a presidential aide, Rwanda threatens to arrest French nationals in retaliation.' b'IAEA Documents linking Iran to nuclear weapons push may have been fabricated' b'The United States abandoned a nuclear weapon beneath the ice in northern Greenland following a crash in 1968, a BBC investigation has found.' b'Holocaust survivors to Mormons Stop baptisms of dead Jews' b'How good is your Northern African/Middle East Geography?' b'Obama has reportedly told Poland that there is no guarantee the proposed antimissile shield for Eastern Europe will be built.' b'Largest Australian ISP agrees to a live test of the Great Firewall they called ridiculous' b'Blogger Jailed for 20 Years Over Poem that Mocked Burmese Dictator' b'A court in Burma has sentenced at least 14 members of a wellknown prodemocracy group to 65 years in prison.' b' World recalls end of World War I' b'Lest we forget, hell on earth... in memory of those who perished in the Great War.' b'FalseFlag anyone? Osama bin Laden is planning an attack against the United States that will outdo by far September 11' Baby 'used as punchbag' died despite 60 visits from social services b'A look around WWI battle sites' b'In occupied Hebron, the abnormal has become normal.' b'Protests urged as Myanamr jails blogger for 20 years' b'Israel allows some fuel into Gaza ' b'Burma prison court sentences blogger to 20 years, poet to two years' b'Killing in Edmonton stuns Dexter producer' b'Kim JongIller? Reports Kim JongIl had second stroke' b'Masked gunmen in Pakistan hijak a convoy delivering military vehicles and other supplies to US troops in Afghanistan.' b'Meet the single motheroffive who lives like a Queen in a $2,000,000 home...courtesy of the taxpayer' b'Pakistan aims to recapture trucks stolen in Khyber' BBC host replaced in 'racism' row b'How cells take out biological trash to prevent diseases' b'UN warns over Gaza food blockade' What the Internet hates about the TPP trade deal After years of warning that the secretive TPP would be devastating for Internet freedom, intellectual property experts have finally gotten to look at the final draft of the proposed treaty. And they say its as bad as they feared Charles Darwins On the Origin of Species has been voted the most influential academic book ever written, hailed as the supreme demonstration of why academic books matter and a book which has changed the way we think about everything. France wont dine with Iran unless wine is served Germany to start using the dublin regulation again  syrians will be sent back to the country they initially arrived in Interns protest at the UN to get paid, but Security breaks it up and tells reporters to delete their photographs Two countries get 75% of all U.S. spending on foreign military aid Pope urges Catholic church to disavow conservatism and fundamentalism Scientists confirm their fears about West Antarctica  that its inherently unstable The result of this study is an ifthen statement, saying that if the Amundsen Sea Sector is destabilized, then the entire marine part of West Antarctica will be discharged into the ocean. Facebook faces fines of $268K per day for tracking nonusers in Belgium Germany's refugee bill to top $22 billion Ethnic British Minorities more likely to go to university than their White British peers Thousands of Afghan women joined a protest march in the streets of Kabul on Wednesday morning, in one of the biggest demonstrations of the past 15 years EU Moves To Label Products From Israeli Settlements An entire town in the UK has moved 'offshore' to avoid tax on local business Canada's Miss World entry claims China is trying to block her from final Britain loses top energy rating after green policy Uturns UK downgraded from AAA to AAB in World Energy Councils trilemma index, after Conservatives scrapped onshore wind subsidies and cut solar subsidies. Poland to sue Russia over withholding 2010 plane crash wreckage El Nio, one of three strongest recorded, brings high drought risk for Australia Worlds most elusive shark found & tagged for 1st time  Lurking in murky tropical rivers, no live adults had ever been seen before. The speartooth sharks (Glyphis glyphis) tagged & released. Tags will beam back data to satellites in 2 months, revealing details about the endangered species. There's a LongLost PaleoRiver Beneath the Sahara Desert Nobody Knew Existed  As if the Sahara wasnt mystical enough, now it has hidden river systems. Netanyahu asks Obama for $50b in military aid 27 pupils collapse at North Yorkshire school Thailand mystery 2 detainees suspected of insulting monarchy die in custody Carbon emissions fall in 11 of G20 members, in turning point | per capita carbon emissions over the five years to 2012 was down in Australia, the United States, Canada, Japan, Germany, Britain, the European Union, South Africa, Italy, France and Mexico. Man declared dead after 20 years missing, found alive living in Tuscan nature reserve Belgium Tells Facebook to Stop Storing Data From NonUsers  Facebook faces a fine of 250,000 euros ($269,000) a day if it doesnt comply Indonesia is planning to build a prison island guarded by meathungry crocodiles for drug convicts. The reason for using the deadly reptiles as prison guards is that crocodiles cannot be bribed unlike human guards. Turkey's only atheist group launches petition to stop automatically registering all babies as Muslim Helmut Schmidt, former West German chancellor, dies aged 96 Former Calgary judge investigated for comments made to alleged sex assault victim  Camp asked the complainant during trial, such as Why didnt you just sink your bottom down into the basin so he couldnt penetrate you? and Why couldnt you just keep your knees together? Chevron Australia's US parent company paid income tax of only $248 last year despite earning an estimated $1.73 billion profit on interest charges to its Gorgon LNG development, documents filed with the Senate inquiry into corporate tax avoidance show. A Moroccan actor who starred in a controversial film about sex workers says she has fled the North African nation for France after being savagely beaten. China recently conducted a flight test of a new missile capable of knocking out U.S. satellites as part of Beijings growing space warfare arsenal Nothing can compete with renewable energy, says top climate scientist | This is not sheer optimism  it is based on analysis of how incumbent systems implode. U.N. officials claim that 13% of Japanese girls engage in compensated dating angers government Former British soldier arrested over 1972 Bloody Sunday shootings Crimes against the environment  such as illegal deforestation, wildlife trafficking and toxic waste dumping  now bring in as much as $213 billion a year, but Interpol officials say the problem is not getting enough attention. Russia hits back at ISIS by destroying 448 targets in just three days Two possible ice volcanoes have been identified on the surface of Pluto. Four Months after Pluto Flyby, NASAs New Horizons Yields Wealth of Discovery Sicily police arrest convicted terrorist Ben Nasr Mehdi who entered Italy on migrant boat Karzai calls alQaida a 'myth' and denies 9/11 attacks were plotted in Afghanistan China decries Shenyang pollution called 'worst ever' by activists Toxic fumes from the Indonesian fires have spread a choking haze across Southeast Asia; scientists warn of health damage Myanmar ruling party concedes defeat as Suu Kyi's party heads for big win China's Dirty Air Just Hit 'Doomsday' Levels | The amount of dangerous, smallparticle air pollution in Shenyang was more than 50 times what the World Health Organization says is safe for humans. More misery ahead for Greeks as economy set to shrink again Israel Netanyahu government approves 2,200 new settlement homes amid rising violence 6 Ethiopians Burned to Death in Latest South Africa Xenophobic Attacks UK surveillance bill could bring 'very dire consequences', warns Apple chief | Any back door is a back door for everyone, says Tim Cook of proposals to allow authorities to track citizens internet use without requiring warrant Brazil Seeks To Copy U.S. Gun Culture to allow embattled citizens the right to defend themselves from criminals US officials confirm Jihadi John is dead Homeopathy 'could be blacklisted'  Ministers are considering whether homeopathy should be put on a blacklist of treatments GPs in England are banned from prescribing, the BBC has learned. Dubai Is Giving Its Firefighters Jetpacks To Use During Skyscraper Fires Lost ancient island found in the Aegean A lost island where the ancient city of Kane was located has been found by geoarchaeologists in the Aegean province of zmirs Dikili district. The island was mentioned in ancient sources. At least four people were killed and 40 wounded in two suicide explosions in a busy area in Beirut's southern suburb, a stronghold of Lebanese Hezbollah, on Thursday, a medical official said. Ukraine Just Passed Protections For LGBT Employees Jihadi John of ISIS targeted in American drone strike; officials working to confirm whether or not the British militant who beheaded hostages is dead. UK NHS Considers Rule Banning Doctors From Prescribing Homeopathy Russians are to see a new banknote commemorating Moscow's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine, in what could appear to be an act of defiance against world opinion. People Come to Sleep and Die in Hong Kongs 24Hour McDonalds Largestever darkmatter experiment poised to test popular theory Facebook says governments demanding more and more user data Peshmerga forces wrest Sinjar from ISIL, raise Kurdish flag in town Protesters carrying coffin of beheaded Hazara girl storm Afghan presidential palace Brazil dam burst at least 15 feared dead after disaster at BHPowned mine. 300k with no drinking water. G20 Countries Spend $452 Billion a Year Propping Up Fossil Fuel Companies Russia's economy keeps getting smaller 200,000 Refugees Enter Slovenia As Authorities Warn Of Humanitarian Crisis EU council president Donald Tusk says the EUs open border system could be about to collapse Hundreds of workers at a Hong Kongowned toy factory in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen have been protesting since last week after the owner disappeared, leaving their wages unpaid. Indonesia's national narcotics chief wants to build an island prison for death row inmates surrounded by crocodiles, tigers and piranhas Myanmar's army is backing militias that make a fortune off of meth  Myanmar is now soaking up international praise for holding elections that could end decades of tyranny. All the while, its government is quietly fueling the meth trade. Jailed Saudi blogger's wife says he's not well Scientists say Greenland just opened up a major new floodgate of ice into the ocean UK becomes only G7 country to increase fossil fuel subsidies  Tory government is giving billions in ever increasing handouts to oil and gas majors at the same time as cutting support for clean energy, report reveals Vladimir Putin has ordered an investigation into claims the country's athletes have been part of a systematic doping program. The battle must be open, he said. A sporting contest is only interesting when it is honest. ISIS committed genocide against Iraqs Yazidis, U.S. Holocaust Museum report says Norway says Russian spies are ensnaring its politicians in sex traps  Norwegian authorities say that Russians are blackmailing govt workers, MPs into revealing state secrets by tricking them with duplicitous gifts like vodka and attractive women, a wellknown strategy from the Cold War era. Pacific trade deal could limit affordable drugs  World Health Chief.If these agreements open trade yet close the door to affordable medicines we have to ask the questionis this really progress at all, Islamic State video threatens attacks in Russia 'very soon' site monitoring group Military Concedes Election to Aung San Suu Kyi in Myanmar Malfunction at North Korea zoo suffocates dozens of animals Seven Italian firms probed in olive oil scam  including Bertolli, Sasso and Carapelli, are being investigated over allegations that the firms falsely sold olive oil products as extra virgin Christians and Muslims fight to protect ancient Christian town against ISIS Russia's nuclear torpedo plan to bypass Nato missile shield revealed after broadcaster forgets to blur out secret document Crickhowell Welsh town moves 'offshore' to avoid tax on local businesses, using the loopholes used by multinational giants to avoid paying UK tax Underwater Vertical Seaweed Farm Restores Our Oceans While Providing Food and Fuel Source Female Genital Mutilation mother and retired nurse guilty of mutilating two sisters in Australia's first prosecution David Cameron complains about constituency cuts caused by his own policies in leaked letter. Sweden to introduce temporary border controls New Research Shows Electric Cars 50 Percent Cleaner Compared to Gasoline Over Their Lifetime Montreal's Massive Dump (of Raw Sewage into St. Lawrence) Begins A small eel photographed by accident on a Caribbean coral reef is the first green fluorescent fish ever recorded, a new study says Johannesburg, South Africa's largest city and economic hub, on Monday imposed emergency water restrictions as supplies deteriorated due to a drought, the worst to ravage the country in three decades. Two relatives of the wife of President Nicols Maduro of Venezuela have been arrested on United States federal drug charges in Haiti and are expected to appear in court in Manhattan on Thursday, a person with knowledge of the case said on Wednesday night. India could push world into climate change danger zone, warn scientists According to the UN, over 50 million people could move from the desertified areas of subSaharan Africa towards North Africa and Europe by 2020. Video Shows Mexico Police Violently Attacking Teacher Students The European Union Will Now Explicitly Label Israeli Settlement Goods | EU today approved new guidelines for labelling products from Israeli settlements on occupied land, a move Brussels says is technical but Israel branded discriminatory and damaging to peace efforts with the Palestinians U.S. Kills Leader of ISIS in Libya Syrian passports found at Paris attacks scene fakes made in Turkey ISIS We'll hit Russia 'very soon' The Turkish government has officially blocked access to Reddit. Users first reported last night that they were unable to access the social media site, and as of Saturday the ban still appears to be in effect. It's not clear how long the block will remain in effect. Eagles of Death Metal Merch Manager Nick Alexander Killed in Paris Attack Paris Attacker With Explosive Vest Was Blocked From Entering Paris Soccer Stadium The German National Team Slept In The Stade de France Stadium Last Night After The Paris Attacks  France players also slept in the stadium as a gesture of camaraderie Mass grave of Yazidi women killed by 'IS' found in Iraq Iraqi Kurdish forces have discovered a mass grave containing the bodies of women who were executed by the 'Islamic State' (IS). The UN has described the brutal campaign against the Yazidi minority as a possible genocide Several Kalashnikovs have been found in an abandoned car believed to have been used by some of the Paris attackers Hezbollah Leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah condemns the Paris and Beirut attacks on innocent civilians, vows severe retaliation against ISIS Suspected ISIS Terrorist Blows Himself Up in Turkey, 4 Cops Injured Reports A father's splitsecond heroism saved countless lives in another terror attack, in Beirut Schools' religious assemblies 'should be scrapped' Muslim security guard prevented bomber from entering Stade de France saving thousands of lives Lebanon arrests five Syrians, one Palestinian suspect in Beirut bombings security source Official says 7 people detained in Belgium are linked to Paris attacks South Korea police clash with 70,000 protesters at antigovernment Seoul rally 250 ISIS militants killed and headquarters destroyed in Albu Hayat of Iraq Iran president says Paris attacks are crimes against humanity Police Arrest Members Of Paris Attacker's Family Sikh Gurdwaras in Paris opened their doors for refuge the night of the Paris attacks Dutch PM Netherlands Is in State of War with IS [Paris attacks] Bataclan survivor Isobel Bowdery has written down her account of Friday night's massacre. She pretended to be dead for over an hour to not get shot. Paris attacks severed finger found at Bataclan theatre identifies attacker | Omar Ismal Mostefai has been named in France as one of the attackers with a number of others now being identified through documents Islamist militants behead Tunisian 16yearold shepherd accused of spying for the army and send his head to his family 'Shootings' reported in central Paris Reports of shooting and casualties in central Paris Paris attacks were 'act of war by IS' Death tolls reach 158 in Paris. Poland says cannot accept migrants under EU quotas after Paris attacks China's Xi says willing to join France in combating terrorism Obama says U.S. stands ready to aid France after attack Man arrested in Germany linked to Paris attacks Magnitude 7.0 earthquake hits off the coast of Japan, tsunami warnings issued France Closing Borders The Islamic State claimed responsibility on Saturday for the catastrophic attacks in the French capital, calling them the first of the storm and mocking France as a capital of prostitution and obscenity Muslims all over the world condemn terrorism, express solidarity with French Colombia to legalize commercial sale of medical marijuana Fury as Turkey axes raki festival amid alcohol crackdown Event celebrating national drink scrapped after complaints by Islamic groups, sparking outrage among secular Turks Iran's Rouhani brands Paris attacks 'crimes against humanity' 'Five dead' as French trail derails Day of mourning in Lebanon after deadly Beirut bombings | A national day of mourning was held Friday after two suicide bombers on motorcycles killed at least 43 people and wounded more than 200 others in a predominantly Shia area of southern Beirut. People are queuing in the streets of Paris to give blood after deadly attacks Gatwick Airport North Terminal evacuated after security alert Colombia to legalize commercial sale of medical marijuana Victims of slavery on salt farms in South Korea claim police and official negligence prolonged their ordeal. Paris changes everything on refugees Bavaria French President Hollande declares state of emergency for all of France, closes borders, says several dozen killed Frustrated European officials alerted the US to Volkswagen's emissions cheating scam after the European Commission failed to act on the intel for years, German media reported on Friday. German Chancellor Angela Merkel was on the defensive Friday saying she would stick to her openarms policy approach, Reuters reported. Merkel vowed to fight for her vision of how to deal with the refugee crisis as resources are stretched thin and a Europewide solution is still being debated Josh Homme's band Eagles of Death Metal escape off stage before 100 killed in Paris concert hall. The Dalai Lama on terrorist attacks We cannot solve this problem only through prayers. ... I believe in praying. But humans have created this problem, and now we are asking God to solve it. It is illogical. So let us work for peace ... and not expect help from God, Buddha or the governments. Justin Trudeau has officially ordered Canada's Justice Minister to start the weed legalization process Anonymous identified 900 ISISrelated Twitter accounts and now they've been suspended Video showing 'London Muslims celebrating terror attacks' is fake. The footage actually shows British Pakistanis celebrating a cricket victory in 2009. World leaders have taken to calling ISIS Daesh, a word the Islamic State hates. Russia's security chief says a terror act brought down Russian plane in Egypt killing all 224 people on board Anonymous takes down 5,500 ISIS Twitter accounts Three syrians arrested in St. Marteen airport with false greek passports Russia launches cruise missiles at ISIS targets in Syria All of the attackers from Fridays massacre in Paris so far have been identified as European Union nationals, according to a top EU official. The announcement further casts doubt on the validity of a Syrian passport found near the bodies of a slain attacker. Russian Warplanes Destroy 140 Terrorist Targets in Syria Charlie Hebdos postParis cover 'Fuck their weapons, we have Champagne' President Hollande calls for laws that give authorities the ability to strip French born terrorists of their citizenship After ISIS Paris Attack, Saudi Arabia's King Salman Donates $110M For International AntiTerrorism Center Hollande calls for U.S. and Russia to join France and fight this terrorist army in a single coalition Pregnant Woman Dangling From A Paris Window During Attacks Is Safe Russia offers $50 million reward for help detaining Egypt plane bombers TASS Assad is Not the Enemy of France, ISIS is  Hollande German police arrest two women, one man in operation linked to Paris attacks US approves $1.29 bn sale of bombs to Saudi Arabia Five rescued in Tanzania after 41 days trapped in gold mine Spain Issues Arrest Warrants for Netanyahu and Senior Israeli Officials Syrian refugees should be trained into an army to fight Isis, Poland's foreign minister says Stocks of the leading weapons manufacturers have soared following Paris Attacks Antimigrant mood deepens in Central Europe after Paris France Drops 20 Bombs On IS Stronghold Raqqa French Interior Minister We will start the dissolution of mosques where hate is preached. French police are using new powers under the state of emergency to question people in the radical jihadist movement. Over 150 searches executed, multiple arrests, and a rocket launcher discovered. Putin ISIS financed from 40 countries, including G20 members Samesex marriage is now legal in Republic of Ireland ISIS executes 73 of its own militants for fleeing battle Anonymous declares war on ISIS G20 Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin agree to Syrianled transition France is at war after Friday's attacks on Paris, President Francois Hollande tells the national assembly. Sikh man wrongly depicted as Paris attacker, faces online fury Syrian Refugee Puts Paris Attacks Into Perspective In One Simple Sentence  Whats happening to them is happening every day in Syria, 100 times per day for five years, so we know what that means, he said. The world's largest nuclear fusion reactor is about to switch on Bataclan attackers corralled wheelchair spectators on the first floor balcony and shot them each individually Have you seen this man? Police hunt Salah Abdeslam, suspected to have taken part in the Paris terror attacks. Turkish ban on Reddit has been lifted Obama rules out putting U.S. troops on the ground to fight Islamic State Canadian mosque deliberately set on fire last night according to police U.S. warplanes strike hundreds of ISIS oil trucks in Syria Polish minister says Syrians can return to fight and 'liberate' homeland Egyptian pyramids illuminated with the colors of the Russian and French flags, in a show of solidarity with Moscow and Paris Islamic State vows to 'strike America at its center in Washington' in new video Troops find bodies of 78 elderly women in Islamic State mass grave 6 days before the Paris attacks  ISIS commanders evacuated headquarters in Raqqa. Turkey says notified France twice about Paris attacker senior official Japan's economy falls back into recession again b'All the experts admit that we should legalise drugs ' b'War in South Osetia  89 pictures made by a Russian soldier.' b'Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian throws away medal in Olympic hissy fit ' b'Russia exaggerated the death toll in South Ossetia. Now only 44 were originally killed compared to 2,000.' b'Missile That Killed 9 Inside Pakistan May Have Been Launched by the CIA' Rushdie Condemns Random House's Refusal to Publish Novel for Fear of Muslim Retaliation b'Poland and US agree to missle defense deal. Interesting timing!' b'Will the Russians conquer Tblisi? Bet on it, no seriously you can BET on it' b'Russia exaggerating South Ossetian death toll, says human rights group' b' Musharraf expected to resign rather than face impeachment' b'Moscow Made Plans Months Ago to Invade Georgia' b'Why Russias response to Georgia was right' b'Nigeria has handed over the potentially oilrich Bakassi peninsula to Cameroon.' b'The US and Poland have agreed a preliminary deal on plans for the controversial US defence shield' b'Russia apparently is sabotaging infrastructure to cripple the already battered Georgian military.' b'Bank analyst forecast Georgian crisis 2 days early' Georgia confict could set back Russia's US relations 'for years' | World news | guardian.co.uk b'War in the Caucasus is as much the product of an American imperial drive as local conflicts.' b'Nonmedia photos of South Ossetia/Georgia conflict.' b'Georgian TV reporter shot by Russian sniper during live broadcast [video]' b'Saudi Arabia Mother moves to block child marriage' b'Taliban wages war on humanitarian aid workers' b'Russia World  can forget about Georgia's territorial integrity' b'Darfur rebels accuse Sudan of mounting major attack' b'Philippines  Peace Advocate say Muslims need assurance Christians not out to convert them' Oh wow. Joseph Stalin's grandson, Yevgeny Dzhugashvili, has launched a court action claiming a liberal Russian newspaper has defamed the former Soviet dictator by claiming Stalin ordered the deaths of Soviet citizens. berlusconi immunity 'overturned' b'French culture minister, Frdric Mitterrand, faced calls for his resignation over an autobiography in which he described paying young boys for sex while abroad' b'American soldiers serving in Afghanistan are depressed and deeply disillusioned'  'Mass Slaughter Is a Systemic Problem of the Modern World'  The political scientist Daniel Jonah Goldhagen has never been one to shy away from controversy. In his new book, he argues that state leaders who propagate genocide should be killed outright. Amazon Kindle Goes International I still don't get it. What's the appeal of a connected device that won't let you browse decently, won't accept many etext formats, and tries to lock you in in so many ways? b'EU backs UN Gaza report, disappointing Israel' b'This will affect the whole food chain, the one you are at the top of. ' b'A recent poll found that more than half of Israeli Jews believed intermarriage should be equated with national treason' b'Saudis ask for aid if world cuts dependence on oil' b'Tehran claims U.S. played a role in the disappearance of an Iranian nuclear scientist.' b'Romania unveiled a new Holocaust memorial in Bucharest today, saying the nation was now facing up to its role in the killing of Jews and Gypsies during World War Two after decades of official denial.' b'Nigeria offers a twomonth period in which militants can surrender with amnesty.  Over 8,000 militants turn themselves in, surrendering 5,000 weapons and 18 gunboats.' German author Herta Mueller won the 2009 Nobel Literature Prize for her work inspired by her life under Nicolae Ceausescu's dictatorship in Romania EU draws up plans to establish itself as 'world power' b'Muslims form quarter of world population' b'Saudis ask for aid if world cuts dependence on oil' b'Israel's FM Avigdor Lieberman Peace is an Illusion learn to live with it' b'Ahead of the change of law, limiting Spains laws of universal jurisdiction, a legal case was filed at the Audiencia Nacional against four United States presidents and four United Kingdom prime ministers for war crimes.' b'Israel FM to tell U.S. envoy no peace deal possible' b'Taliban suicide bomber has attacked the Indian embassy in Kabul, killing at least 17' b'In Macedonia, a new national encyclopaedia has sparked a row worthy of the 19th century, with furious denunciations, forced resignations, hurried political intervention and appeals to outsiders to join in the condemnation of insulting entries.' b'Taliban claim they pose no threat to west. Statement on known Taliban website may indicate that leaders are retreating from alliance with alQaida' b'Tsunami alert issued after huge quake rocks Pacific' Raise R&D spending in Europe to a gargantuan 5% of GDP by 2030. Triple the share of the European Union's budget spent on science, and triple national outlays on higher education within Europe as well. And while we're at it Double the percentage of the E.U. population with a tertiary education b'Italian prosecutor states CIA kidnapping case too grave to cover up' I guess they didn't ask Reddit... b'One of the mostwanted suspects in the Rwandan genocide has been arrested ' b'Banks which helped Madoff skim billions set salary limits, non rich people need not apply for accounts' b'The G7 Abandons The Dollar  Forbes.com' b'The plight of 400,000 refugees no one has ever heard of' b'Cellphone snapshots show that women were the particular targets of Guinean soldiers who suppressed a political demonstration at a stadium last week, with victims and witnesses describing rapes, beatings and acts of intentional humiliation.' b'Tony Morgan, who set up the site, said This could turn out to be the best crime prevention weapon theres ever been. I wanted to combine the serious business of stopping crime with the incentive of winning money. ' When the army's in the dock,  How British war crimes in Iraq were covered up| George Monbiot in the Guardian b'Irish voters say yes to Lisbon treaty (With some explanation of what this means)' b'Convicted pedophile awarded $93k after being assaulted in prison. Says I don't  want her finding out because she's going to go me for it' b'North Korea finds out its starving population is about to freeze to death.' b'Leaked IAEA paper Project 110 is the code name of Iran's secret effort to produce a nuclear warhead capable of fitting inside the nose cone of a Shahab 3 missile. ' b'Remote villages in Sumatra have been severely hit by the quake but are hard to reach. A report from the ground.' Britain's The Independent newspaper says Gulf Arab states are in secret talks with Russia, China, Japan and France to replace the US dollar with a basket of currencies in the trading of oil. b'More sex leads to less AIDS according to MIT economists.' b'Summary of Goldstone report Generally OK to shoot at civilians while hiding behind civilians, but a horrible war crime to try and prevent it. Terrorists of the world, rejoice.' b'The Independent Fact Finding Mission on the Conflict in Georgia is more than good in a field generally characterised by mediocrity, it is a rare gem. It suggests, among other things, the need for more clarity on what, if any, are the agreed rules for the making, breaking and interaction of states.' b'New Zealanders can now make online submissions to parliamentary committees' b'Something is afoot in central Africa and we are dropping the ball. On a visit to the region in 2007, a deep source at the UN told me that his/her expectation was that violence and genocide could erupt again and that the epicenter would be Burundi.' Egypt's top cleric to ban veils in schools b'After being forced from their monastery last week, 354 followers of exiled monk Thich Nhat Hanh face new police pressure to leave the temple where they sought refuge. We see clearly that they don't want our young nuns and monks to stay together and practice as a community.' b'A senior Israeli cabinet minister has blamed local human rights groups for hindering travel abroad by some leading officials concerned that they might faces war crimes charges.' b'Parma Returns to the Philippines  It is indeed Strike Three as Parma again made landfall in the Philippines, this time on the northern tip of Ilocos Norte in extreme Northern Luzon' b'Top Palestinian Negotiator Israel is lighting matches in hopes of igniting a big fire' b'The great energy ripoff in UK Utility companies put up power prices by 42% last year, or 382 per household. Since then, the wholesale cost of gas and electricity has halved but bills have fallen by only 4%...wtf?!' Piracy You're doing it wrong b'[Classic War Nerd] The French' b'Latvia pushes back against the IMF and EU  by threatening to bail out their mortgage holders instead of European banks' b'Four RCMP officers lied, Polish lawyer tells Taser inquiry into the death of Robert Dziekanski in incident at Vancouver airport' For all the recent uproar over Iran's nuclear program, little attention has been paid to the fact that the country which first provided Tehran with nuclear equipment was the US b'Italian MPs to consider ban on full Islamic dress for women' b'Bahai Cemetery Ruined for the 18th Time' b'Teenage girl goes Rambo on homewrecking terrorists  kills leader with a hatchet, steals his gun, and sends his cronies running. ' b'Everyone is dead Four villages in Indonesia may be declared mass graves after earthquake' Canada's prostitution laws are puzzling, illconceived and contribute to horrific violence against sex workers; calls for prostitution to be decriminalized Iran's Revolutionary Guards have bought a controlling stake in the country's telecommunications company, fuelling suspicions that the organisation is quietly staging a military takeover. b'Somali pirates launch terrifying attack on lone ship in the Indian ocean with Kalashnikov assault rifles. Unfortunately for them it happened to be a French warship' b'An Israeli cabinet minister has cancelled a visit to  Britain for fear he might be arrested on allegations  he committed war crimes.' Gore Vidal's United States of fury b'Sugar becomes the new oil as prices soar The price of sugar on global commodity markets has doubled since the beginning of the year and is close to 28yr high!' Obama's paradox admits Afghanistan war is doomed to fail without a transparent, corruptionfree gov't in place, but can't dodge the fact Karzai's regime is incredibly corrupt, nor explain how to fix it. b'Our data in their hands, nowhere near safe. The ID card comedy show trundles on. Security in this country is a joke!' At a demonstration against Guinea's Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara on Sept. 28, witnesses said soldiers opened fire on the crowds and raped and sexually assaulted female protesters. Now the U.S. is insisting Camara take responsibility for the abuses. b'UK doctors pay some psychiatric patients to make them take their medication In trial, 68 patients with bipolar disorder or schizophrenia will get 15 for every jab of antipsychotic drug' b'Hamas bans Gaza motorcyclists from giving women rides ' b'Louvre museum accused of buying stolen archeological pieces' b'Obama administration forces Palestinian Authority to drop Demand for Vote on Gaza Report  This report would have finally eliminated the impunity Israel enjoys in international law and would have held them accountable for the war crimes that took place in Gaza.' b'NATO seeks more Russian help in Afghanistan' The plan to dedollarise the oil market, denied by Saudi Arabia being, as expected  reflects a growing resentment in the Middle East, Europe and in China at America's decadeslong political as well as economic world dominance. b'Haitians are so desperate for food that many mothers wait to name their newborns because so many infants die of malnourishment' b'Israeli Tanks Storm Into Gaza Strip' b'Hillary Clinton will be the next Secretary of State. In Westchester/NYC, Bill is saying Sweet! Yeah! Off to foreign lands! Have fun! In Albany, Paterson is saying This is my ticket out!' b'China says no to sending troops to Afghanistan' b'Australian navy given two months off for Christmas' b'Afghan article says US BinLadin hunt phoney ' b'60 Journos Arrested at Sudan censorship rally' b'Congo  a picture that changed a life' b'ETA chief arrested in southern France ' b'Tibetan Exiles Meet to Ponder Strategy' b'Child refugees make up 60% of the 250,000 fleeing in Congo  Pictures' Iraq invasion 'serious violation of international law' b'CNNs Michael Ware on Iraq withdrawal agreement Tehran was in the room.' b'Russia to build nuclear reactor for Venezuela' b'Somali Pirates Holding 14 Ships With 250+ Men Hostage' b'Hijacked oil tanker nears Somalia ' b'British airline pilots threaten strike over ID card plan' b'Former MIT Student now a Terrorism Suspect is Not Mentally Competent and Unfit for Trial.' b'Iranian grain ship seized as Somali pirates hold world to ransom' b'Single Sex Schools to Make a Comeback...How Realistic Is the Thought?' b'BBC Seized tanker anchors off Somalia' b'Stage set for IndoRussia nuke pact ' b'Israel supports direct talks with Iran.  Says global financial crisis should delay war with Iran.' b'Obama Meets With McCain in Chicago ' b'The Japanese comic version of Das Kapital joins a collection of increasingly fierce literary critiques of the global capitalist system.' Pirates hijack Saudi 'super tanker' b'German intelligence scrubs European records after Wikileaks exposure' b'Zoo cleaner commits suicide by feeding himself to three white tigers... Wow, what a way to go...' b'AntiScientology book pulled in UK' b'UK Officials Plan To Grow GeneticallyModified Crops In Top Secret Military Locations In Order To Thwart Angry AntiGM Extremists.' UK society 'condemning' children How Bush's grandfather helped Hitler's rise to power b'It Looks As If Putin is Carrying Out a Constitutional Junta.' b'McClellan George W. Bush Outed CIA Agent Valerie Plame watch! ' b'Former senior law lord, Lord Bingham, says Britain broke international law by invading Iraq' b'Ethnic riot erupts in Czech town' Japan, the world's secondlargest economy, tumbles into recession b'No Wonder They Want To Bomb Iran The government is now reportedly holding gold as its reserves, as versus one fiat currency or another.' b'Chavez Spies on Rivals In Election  plays tapped conversation in TV comercial' Russia may use 'overkill' missiles to counter U.S. shield b'Japan firm recalls US water  Smelled like medicine or pesticide' b'Suspected ETA commando leader arrested in France' Donor 'optout' proposal rejected India's Richest Lost $200 BILLION b'Iran navy tightens grip on Persian Gulf' b'Archaeoastronomy dynamically counts down the days, hours and minutes until equinoxes, solstices and cross quarters' [Australia] Alleged burglar critical after citizen's arrest (resident reportedly sat on him) b'Japan firm recalls 8 million bottles of U.S. mineral water ' b'Suspected ETA military chief arrested in France' b'The current economic rescue plan, in a comic [PIC]'