 Snowden US would have buried NSA warnings forever. Whistleblower says he shared information with media because he could not trust internal reporting mechanisms A Taliban Ban on Vaccination Is Exacerbating A Serious Polio Outbreak In Pakistan, Threatening To Derail Dramatic Progress Made This Year Towards Wiping Out The Disease Worldwide. France rules mayors cannot refuse to marry gay couples US to sell $10.8 bln in missiles, bombs to Saudis, UAE Total of 11 car bombs and two suicide bombings killed 66 people in Iraq today Police in central Greece find 4 year old blond, blue eyed girl living in Roma camp and are now seeking her biological parents. Scientology's fraud conviction upheld in France... top appeals court has upheld a fraud conviction and fines totalling hundreds of thousands of euros against the Church of Scientology, for taking advantage of vulnerable followers Canada and Europe sign historic free trade deal The NSA Revelations Are Destroying IBM Hardware Sales In China With UN Debit Cards, Syrian Refugees No Longer Depend on Food RationsThe UN World Food Programme will soon distribute Mastercard prepaid debit cards, each loaded with $27, to Syrian refugees in Lebanon so they can buy their own food and boost the local economy. I do own a driving license, that of my kingdom,  The selfproclaimed 'King of Germany' who has founded his own realm with 3,500 subjects has been sent to jail for using a fake driving license...from his own kingdom India arrests crew of US ship carrying weapons UK Orders WSJ to Withhold Names of Implicated LIBOR Manipulators After Story Already Hits Wires New Kenya mall attack footage shows brutality, horror of assault Women jailed for miscarrying in El Salvador Cat Caught Carrying Marijuana Into Moldovan Prison Saudi Arabia gives up its status of nonpermanent UNSC member less than 24 hours after being voted in, saying UN doesn't do anything for conflict resolution Police in Riot Gear TearGas and Shoot First Nations Coalition Protesting Hydraulic Fracturing in New Brunswick, Canada. 30+ Arrested. Snowden Says He Took No Secret Files to Russia Dutch Telcos Used Customer Metadata, Retained To Fight Terrorism, For Everyday Marketing Purposes Five police cruisers torched, 40 protesters arrested as native antifracking rally. (social search of the area) Pakistan polio outbreak, amid Taliban ban on vaccination, puts global eradication at risk Saudi Arabia on Friday rejected its freshlyacquired seat on the U.N. Security Council, saying the 15member body is incapable of resolving world conflicts such as the Syrian civil war. Dolphins butchered for shark bait in illegal hunt off the coast of Peru Five police cruisers torched, 40 protesters arrested as native antifracking rally turns violent U.N. tells U.S. to release drone assassination data US has killed far more civilians with drones than it admits, says UN Girl smuggled into Britain to have her 'organs harvested' In biggest ceasefire violation in 10 years, Pakistan troops open fire at 25 locations on international border.(India) The British public has such poor religious literacy that a modern audience would be baffled by the Monty Python film The Life of Brian  because it would not understand the Biblical references, a senior BBC figure has claimed. Court bans Berlusconi from public office British Muslim Convert Pleads Guilty To Trying To Enforce Sharia Law In London, Part of Muslim Patrol That Would Attack NonBelievers US Quietly Releasing $1.6B in Pakistan Assistance Drone strikes by US may violate international law, says UN; CIA attacks lead to civilian deaths & casualties, US protocols are 'hurdle to transparency' The Race To Silk Road 2.0  Eight Sites Battle It Out To Become The Internets GoTo Drug Site Australia wildfires Resident dies defending home, thousands evacuated Islamic police in northern Nigerias Kano state will begin enforcing Sharia based law. Ten thousand officers will be on the streets making sure all citizens, including Christians, adhere to the strict Islamic legal code UN Urged To Declare Canada's Treatment Of Aboriginals 'Genocide' 'Let Jesus be known' Pope speaks English publicly for the first time Michael Gove governments must stop lying to children about life chances UK court blocks WSJ story on rate rigging publisher of the Wall Street Journal pledged Friday to fight an injunction preventing publication of the names of traders who may be implicated in the raterigging case involving the London interbank offered rate, or LIBOR Australian Hare Krishna 'guru' jailed for raping teen girls in France, despite claiming they forced him to serve their 'unbridled sexual appetites' Iran opens doors to tourists French politician suspended after calling nations first black minister a monkey who belongs in the trees Girls in Talibancontrolled Swat Valley going to school without fear Saying they don't care what the Taliban does, smiling. Syrian rebels assaulted a checkpoint in a progovernment suburb of Damascus, setting off a suicide vehicle bomb that killed 16 soldiers Maldives sank further into political disarray Saturday when police blocked officials from conducting a presidential revote, saying that holding the election would violate a Supreme Court order. Pakistan tells U.N. at least 400 civilians killed by drone strikes  Of some 2,200 people killed by drone strikes in the past decade, at least 400 were civilians and an additional 200 victims were deemed probable noncombatants, a U.N. human rights investigator said on Friday. UK's top prosecutor defends journalists who break law in public interest Qatar is Down Syrian Electronic Army hijacks major Qatar websites $21tn hoard hidden from taxman by global elite Pakistani policeman kills sister for wearing jeans 3 Vietnamese Soldiers Held for Torturing, Killing 2 Rare Monkeys & Posting the Photos on Facebook   Some show one of the monkeys, believed to be pregnant, being forced to smoke a cigarette before being tortured & killed.  The men were detained after the Facebook pics triggered outrage. Why Mexico's Nascent Youth Movement Continues to Agitate Some international elections observers have confirmed what many Mexicans thought  the recent elections in Mexico were characterized by massive fraud Teenagers kidnapped, tortured, bashed and sexually assaulted a 12 year old autistic child as part of a depraved attack in suburban Townsville.

 Rupert Murdoch resigns as News International director Spanish protests swell as jobless march on Madrid Norway's Prime Minister's speech one year after the massacre on Utya. Dramatic New Maya Temple Found, Covered With Giant Faces Madagascar Army Base in Mutiny Blast rocks Egypt's gas pipeline to Israel and Jordan

| Reuters Japan to investigate radiation coverup claims   A subcontractor hired after the nuclear disaster at Fukushima is reported to have told workers to cover up devices meant to detect unsafe levels of radiation. Japan's health ministry is looking into the matter.  The deadly earthquake that leveled Haiti's capital more than two years ago brought a thread of hope a promise of renewal. . . . Today, the fruits of an ambitious, $1.8 billion U.S. reconstruction promise are hard to find. With Syria imploding, is Hezbollah next?
Hezbollahs loyalty to the brutal regime in Syria is costing it support and exacerbating divisions in Lebanon Spiegel IMF to provide no new funds to Greece Rupert Murdoch Resigns as Head of News International Rolling Stone Mobile  Politics  Politics Global Warming's Terrifying New Math Prosecutors in Chile are investigating 61 schools in the capital, Santiago, over allegations that pupils were sexually abused.  Heaviest rains in 60 years kill 10 in Beijing Iraq Sends Troops To Seal Borders Against Syrian Rebels, Evacuates Iraqi Nationals From Damascus   Tony Blair admits that Labor didn't understand the finance sector that they were entrusted to manage. World renowned writer and activist Alexander Cockburn dead at 71  nytimes Palestinian dies after 'fall' while in custody.  Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed the bill ratifying the country's accession into the World Trade Organization after 18 years of complicated negotiations.  Wealthy hiding up to $2132 trillion offshore  Super rich hiding up to $32 trillion offshore, which amounts to roughly the US and Japanese GDP combined. Up to $280bn is lost in tax revenues. Some of the world's biggest banks are involved HSBC, Citigroup, Bank of America, UBS, Credit Suisse Israel orders demolition of 8 palestinian villages claims need for idf training land Anthrax Hits Glasgow The Story of a Desperate Hunt for its Source  When heroin users in Scotland began dying from a powerful infection, health officials were alarmed to find the culprit was anthrax. A desperate hunt for the source involved police, microbiologists & bioweaponeers. Syria says will use chemical weapons if attacked  Farmers armed with machineguns, rocketpropelled grenades and mortars forced government troops to abandon an operation to destroy their illegal cannabis crop in Lebanon's Bekaa Valley on Monday Officials Egypt allowing Palestinians to enter without permits, visas, ending Gaza blockade  Yahoo! News Germany and IMF to Refuse Greece Further Financial Aid Japan police arrest 4 journalists for selling a magazine issue that focused on how to backup DVDs. They might also arrest the CEO of Amazon Japan. They violated Japan's Unfair Competition Prevention Law that was recently revised to make illegal the sale of any DRM circumvention device or software. Libor arrests in US could be imminent, say sources Affluent Vietnamese Driving Rhino Horn Poaching in South Africa  
Conspicuous consumption from a growing middle class is opening a new market in the illegal wildlife trade.  Several Vietnamese diplomats have been recalled after being caught with rhino horn. Greece now in Great Depression  Greek Prime Minister Tens of thousands protest in Mexico against new president At least 32,000 protesters marched through Mexico City on Sunday to protest the imposition of the new president. They accuse presidentelect Enrique Pena Nieto, a member of the old ruling party, of electoral fraud German intelligence alQaeda all over Syria among rebels. Reports say these groups complicit in massacres. German Gov't notes the content of these reports was to remain classified by reason of national interest. The Swedish Young Pirates association was evicted from a municipal festival for giving out free waffles; they were targeted with eviction because the traditional festival waffle makers couldn't get paid anymore Disgusted by Her Dating, Man Beheads His Daughter, 20, In India Belize Ponders Marijuana Decriminalization BBC News  Tax havens Superrich 'hiding' at least $21tn Prosecutors, regulators close to making Libor arrests An Israeli lawmaker has torn up a copy of the New Testament in front of cameras in his parliament office. Food price crisis feared as erratic weather wreaks havoc on crops
'What the world economy really needs right now is a break', one economist says, but instead it appears headed toward upheaval
 This is how racism takes root First fuel rods removed from Fukushima Daiichi plant Japanese workers told to underplay Fukushima radiation dosage A subcontractor urged workers at Japan's stricken Fukushima nuclear power plant to put lead around radiation detection devices in order to stay under a safety threshold for exposure, according to reports Japanese authorities investigate bogus readings at Fukushima plant  Subcontractors accused of covering gauges with lead plates so they could remain longer at the tsunamihit plant Palestinian prisoner ends 102day hunger strike  longest hunger strike in human history How the Norwegians Reacted to Terrorism The Norwegian response to violence is more democracy, more openness and greater political participation, said the prime minister. A year later it seems the prime minister has kept his word US evangelical Christians accused of promoting homophobia in Africa
 Iranian nuclear facilities hit by AC/DC virus that turns off automated system operations, turns on PCs at night playing 'Thunderstruck' King Juan Carlos of Spain ousted from, 'World Wildlife Fund', presidency  a title hed held since 1968  after hunting elephants in Botswana  A photo of him with a rifle & a dead elephant caused outrage. He was also criticized  for an ostentatious lifestyle when 1 in 4 Spaniards are out of work. 
 UN Israel urged to treat Palestinian child detainees in accordance with rights law Israels use of solitary confinement against children flagrantly violates international human rights standards How Finland keeps its head above eurozone crisis  What has Finland done right? Its economy is dominated by services but it is competitive in manufacturing. Income per person is among the highest in western Europe  and its revenues are bigger than its debt Occupy the Dam Brazil's Indigenous Uprising In the Amazonian backcountry, tribes are challenging construction of the world's thirdlargest dam  by dismantling it. Here's what they can teach us about standing up to power Phone hacking Rebekah Brooks, Andy Coulson and six others face charges Romania is sliding unremarked into despotism. [India] Bhopal Gas tragedy victims to hold Bhopal Olympics on July 26, a day ahead of the London Olympics to oppose sponsorship of the Olympic Games by Dow Chemical which continues to evade civil, criminal and environmental liabilities of Bhopal inherited from Union Carbide Egypt lifts 5year blockade of Gaza, allowing Palestinians free entry  RT House of Lords says make maths compulsory for all A level students A Land Without Guns How Japan Has Virtually Eliminated Shooting Deaths Private banking's cosy world under siege With banking secrecy increasingly under threat, private banks may have to organise ever more trips to the Arctic to keep their customers loyal. Ghana President Mills dead Iran warns Arab countries not to intervene in Syria, threatening them with retaliation if they do Syria 'war planes bomb Aleppo'   Fighter jets have reportedly launched bomb attacks on Syria's second city of Aleppo, which, if confirmed, would be the first time Assad forces had used war planes against citizens.  There is an epidemic of stabbings against doctors in China When the doctor in Harbin was stabbed to death, netizens were cheering for the murderer, says 26yearold Liang Yingcong, a doctor at Peking University First Hospital in Beijing. There is something wrong with society.  
 
First Nations leaders shocked by oilsands Buddhist attacks on the Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar have picked up over the last few weeks following the rape and murder of a Buddhist woman in May. Shock discovery 248 human embryos found trashed in Russian forest. A fishing trip in Russia's Urals ended with cries of horror as a man found canisters filled with human embryos, some already shaped to baby bodies China Sends Troops to Disputed Islands 'Super cereal' feeds Mali's malnourished kids A 300yearold skull with traces of brain tissue has been located by divers excavating the royal ship Kronan in the waters off the Baltic Sea island of land. Will London Really Erase Banksy's New Olympics Art? Gorillas Seen Destroying and Dismantling  Poachers' Snares In Rwanda  BBC News  Gay marriage to be introduced in Scotland A Mexican official says the CIA and other international security forces don't fight drug traffickers as much as try to manage the drug trade  It's like pest control companies, if you finish off the pests, you are out of a job. If they finish the drug business, they finish their jobs. Six women rape man to death The world is closer to a food crisis than most realize 11 year old sneaks on to flight , ends up in italy Kim Jong Un gets married. Street Art banned in London ahead of Olympics, Artists banned from going within a mile of any venue. Gun control debate about to go international.  The first draft of a new U.N. treaty to regulate the multibillion dollar global arms trade has sparked criticism Burma's monks call for Muslim community to be shunned  the Rohingya  one of the world's most oppressed groups Julian Assange defence to be led by Spanish jurist Baltasar Garzn, renowned human rights investigator who indicted Augusto Pinochet Wikileaks says famous Spanish judge Baltasar Garzon, best known for indicting former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet in 1998, to lead Assange legal team 20% of all Spanish Homes Currently Sit Empty Why is India so bad for women? The US Central Intelligence Agency and other international security forces don't fight drug traffickers, a spokesman for the Chihuahua state government in northern Mexico has told Al Jazeera, instead they try to manage the drug trade Sanford I. Weill former Citigroup chief who helped to destroy what remained of the wall between commercial and investment banking is effectively advocating its return. The First Person in the World to be Cured of HIV.... Beijing flooded and coated in mud, and the government doesn't want to talk about it 700m smuggling tunnel found between Ukraine and EU Turkey sealed its border with Syria to all traffic except refugees on Wednesday, citing worsening security conditions following escalating skirmishes close to the frontier which last week saw rebel fighters capture at least two crossing points. Tony Blair denies praying with George Bush Archaeologists have unearthed a skeleton believed to be the body of Lisa Gherardini, the Florentine noblewoman widely believed to have served as the muse for Leonardo da Vinci's 'Mona Lisa' Indonesia's condom campaign to fight Aids criticised by religious groups  Approach to preventing HIV and Aids draws accusations from conservative Muslims that government is promoting promiscuity Canadian spy 'sold Australian intel to Russia'  Australian and Canadian officials are reportedly in discussions about a spy who allegedly passed information from Australia and the US to a foreign power. Denied visa by US to attend an International AIDS conference, sex workers hold parallel conference  in Kolkata French President Francois Hollande has called for a 75 percent income tax on top earners in France to help lower the country's deficit Hugo Chvez tells Venezuelans to drink juice not Coke urges people to buy statemade Uvita to boost consumption of homegrown products and reduce imports China arrests thousands in latest internet crime crackdown  More than 10,000 suspects have been arrested and 600 criminal gangs busted, 3.2 million harmful messages deleted, and 30 internet service providers punished for granting access to unlicensed sites I'll legalise gay marriage by 2015, vows Britain's PM German Uboat may be at the bottom of a Canadian river, far from the ocean Chinese maker of U.S. Olympic uniforms baffled by backlash Turkey cuts off trade with Syria   The New Zealand parliament will vote to legalise gay marriage Ecuador seeks to stop 'evil' of Julian Assange US extradition Banksy's commentary on the Olympic Games might be destroyed War voyeurs Israeli tourists watch Syria battles from safe distance. Armed with binoculars and cameras, tourists in Israel are flocking to the Golan Heights in the hope of seeing the bloody conflict in neighboring Syria, sparking a trend among tour operators North Korean Olympic footballers walk off the pitch as South Korean flag mistakenly displayed
 Unspinning The Narrative Of A Syrian Massacre  
At least 100 people were killed in the village of Tremseh earlier this month. Activists called it a massacre of innocent civilians by government forces, but later reports suggest something different. Here's some untold details about the killing. Bo Xilai's Wife Charged With Murder  
Gu Kailai, wife of disgraced Chinese political leader, has been charged with murder of British businessman Neil Heywood, who was found dead in a hotel in Chongqing in November. BBA warned weekly about Libor says former ratecompiler   British Bankers Association was given weekly warnings in 2008 that the process of setting the Libor interest rates was being distorted.  The BBA denies these amounted to warnings of wrongdoing. Iran accuses Israel of plotting Bulgaria bus attack Iran's U.N. envoy accused Israel of plotting and carrying out a suicide bomb attack on a bus in Bulgaria a week ago in which five Israeli tourists were killed India's Bans Tiger Tourism  It's banned across the country in aim  to protect the endangered cats. India is home to over 1/2 the world's 3,200 tigers, most of in reserves. Ban is temporary pending decision on some states that allowed hotels, resorts & shops in the core of the reserves. HSBC fined $27.5m for 'money laundering' German UBoat wreck found 100 km inland. Taiwan's national flag was taken down from Regent Street 3 days before the Olympics but no explanation was given.  Whole Afghan family works in brick factory to pay off crushing healthcare debt of $900 UK in longest doubledip recession in 50 years UK economy contracts by a shock 0.7pc Horrific death of boy, 12, drowned in boiling water after robbers raped and killed his mother  Sea Shepherd founder Paul Watson warrant issued, leaves Germany; destination unknown UK border officers let known drug smugglers through as they are overwhelmed with tourists arriving for the Olympics.  Cuban president Ral Castro willing to hold nolimits talks with America Sweden officially registers Kopimism a religion  whose central dogma is that file sharing is sacred. Police made up evidence against Muslim student Disfigured victim's plea to die exposes India's acid violence
 Mitt Romney does the impossible Gets Brits to stop moaning and start cheering about Olympics Kim Jongun Has Actually Been Married for Three Years  UK Prime minister Cameron soon rebuked Romney. We are holding an Olympic Games in one of the busiest, most active, bustling cities anywhere in the world. Of course, it's easier if you hold an Olympic Games in the middle of nowhere, he said. Population of Jewish settlements in West Bank up 15,000 in a year Bhopal victims stage own Olympics to protest Dow sponsorship Dozens of disabled kids aged 5 to 16 have participated in 10 sports. Survivors of 1984 Bhopal disaster, one of worlds worstever industrial catastrophes, held their own Games to protest against London Olympics sponsored by Dow Chemical Husband tortured, wife gangraped, son drowned in boiling water and pet dog gutted in murder of family that shocked even South Africa.  

 Twitter joke trial UK man wins 'airport bomb threat' court battle. Paul Chambers, found guilty of sending a menacing tweet threatening to blow up Robin Hood Airport in S.Yorkshire, has won an appeal in Britains High Court Since 1975 the countries now in the euro zone have given birth to just one company currently among the worlds 500 biggest (ironically it is from Spain Inditex); by contrast California alone has created 26. Mass arrests as London police attack 'Critical Mass' cycle ride during Olympic ceremony Chinese farmer travels from China to London, in a rickshaw, to attend the Olympic games. A 2 years epic journey. Russia seeks to set up naval bases abroad  Naval chief confirms talks with Cuba, Vietnam and the Seychelles about setting up overseas facilities for Russian ships Narconomics | The Economist Add faith in the work ethic and in capitalism to the lengthening list of casualties from the Great Recession. Four years after Lehman Brothers fiasco, a new Pew survey finds citizens around the world less and less likely to believe that effort in a competitive economy can lead to success. Spanish Fishermen Receive Some of Biggest Fines in UK Maritime History  
Details emerged of falsified log books, false readings given for weighing fish at sea, and fiddling of fishing quota David Hicks, an Australian that spent five years in Guantanamo Bay, is now free to keep all profits from his memoir, as the Commonwealth has dropped its attempt to seize the proceeds under the 'proceeds of crime' law.  India bans Iran oil ships from its waters The United States will face a teethbreaking response if it continues to carry out cyber attacks against Iran, an Iranian official said on Wednesday. Republican dissidents join forces to form a new IRA The pointless building projects that dragged Spain into the red Aeromexico places $11 billion order with Boeing
| Reuters BBC News  Chilean Senator Fulvio Rossi's confession heats debate on legalising marijuana, that he partakes on occasion Fidel Castro lambasted the Republican presidential race as the greatest competition of idiocy and ignorance the world has ever seen How Swedes and Norwegians Broke the Power of the 1 Percent Doctors Without Borders is halting its work in detention centers in the Libyan city of Misrata because detainees are tortured and denied urgent medical care.  SOPA coming to Canada, warns Michael Geist  Europe proposes a right to be forgotten  

The European Commission proposes new set of data protection rules that'd give EU citizens a much greater say over how their personal data is collected & storedincluding the right to have it deleted entirely. The response from businesses has been mixed. Clooney satellite project shows the Sudan army is preparing a major assault
 The 'Human Costs' of an iPad  Oddly, it is Apple's own internal reports that reveal most of these problems to Western observers, but attempts to correct the issues and improve the fortunes of laborers have a tendency to clash with the company's own insistence on low costs and high volume. ACTA The International Treaty You've Never Heard of That Could Affect Internet Freedom 'Strict Muslim' raped four women at knifepoint to 'punish them for being on the streets at night'

 A mentally insane bus driver in India ran over people and vehicles and continued speeding, a college student chased him down with his motorcycle, jumped in the bus, and dragged the bus driver out. The EU signs up to Acta (Wired UK) Chinese forces open fire on Tibetan protesters. Deadly clashes between ethnic Tibetans and Chinese security forces have spread to a second area in southwestern China. 200 Aboriginals storm building, Australian Prime minister rushed out by police and security Chevron to face criminal charges over Brazil spill.
 Iran won't move toward nuclear weapon in 2012  ISIS report The head of the Syrian Arab Red Crescent has been shot dead on the road to Damascus One in three children tested in Fukushima have been found to have lumps in their thyroid. This corresponds to 1,143 children. Schoolchildren at a school in South Africa's northern Limpopo province are boycotting classes over claims that their teachers are pestering female pupils for sex. North Korea threatens to punish mobilephone users as 'war criminals' China says EU ban on Iran oil not constructive  China on Thursday criticized the European Union for banning oil imports from Iran, Beijing's third biggest crude supplier and a major trading partner. The Devastating Costs of the Amazon Gold Rush  
Spurred by rising global demand for the metal, miners are destroying invaluable rainforest in Peru's Amazon basin Ahmadinejad Iran ready for nuclear talks  CBS News Sexy interracial poster sparks furor in South Africa  Revenge for EU Sanctions
Iran Set to Turn Off Oil Supply to Europe Chvez's daughter posts picture of herself posing with dollars ISIS leader critically wounded reports '20th hijacker' Zacarias Moussaoui wants to testify in Oklahoma City federal court; says Saudi Prince aided his Jihad activities. Pope Francis on Saturday demoted Cardinal Raymond Burke, an outspoken conservative American cardinal who has been highly critical of the pontiff's reformist leadership of the Roman Catholic Church. Protests flare in Mexico after attorney general's 'enough, I'm tired' remarks | Ya me canse becomes a rallying call for anger over the governments handling of the apparent killing of 43 students Elon Musk and Google want to develop satellites for global internet access. Four Islamic terrorists planned to kill the Queen of England this weekend  but British police foiled the assassination plot Catalonia holds disputed vote on independence from Spain today Protesters try to break into Mexico City's National Palace over apparent massacre of 43 Mexico Captures Fugitive Mayor, Wife Accused Of Ordering Students' Disappearance Instead of building new mechanisms and institutions of European security and pursuing a major demilitarization of European politics, the West, and particularly the United States, declared victory in the Cold War, Gorbachev warns, a blister has now turned into a bloody, festering wound. Israel says its ready and willing to share with India its technology for border protection Study Chinas reliance on coal costs over 600,000 lives in 1 year Israel reportedly plans to take 3000 acres near Jerusalem Somali scholar publishes book questioning the death penalty for apostasy, receives death threats China's Corruption Crackdown Pummels Macau Casinos the city of 600,000 racked up more than $22 billion in UnionPay transactions last year due to the illegal flow of money coming out of Mainland China Shelling has resumed in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, just hours after an intense artillery bombardment throughout the night | An eyewitness said the overnight shelling was the worst in more than a month, lasting almost eight hours. Europe set to make Space History with Comet Landing Beijing $40 billion offer to revive the historic Silk Road, starts CentralAsia geostrategic competition Israel to recognize Aramaics as separate ethnic group India successfully testfires nuclearcapable AgniII missile Putin, Xi Jinping sign second mega gas deal on new gas supply route Supreme leader of Iran Ayatollah Khamenei The Only Cure for Israel is its Annihilation Prominent jihadis in Gaza distributed a list on Friday containing personal details of six Israeli lawmakers and urged all Muslims and Palestinians to ram them. Saudi Arabia says the story released through Associated Press about a new law allowing women over 30 to drive is a fabrication. Australia told it should aim for 40% cut in greenhouse gases by 2025. Europe has already indicated a 2030 target of at least 40% below 1990 levels. China and the US have promised to unveil their pledges early next year. Germany and Brazil have made alterations to a United Nations draft resolution on the issue of state surveillance, with the two countries calling for protection against government spying on communications and personal data Saudi women over 30 could drive until 8 p.m. but without makeup, council proposes Pakistani Christians Burned Alive Were Attacked by 1,200 People Bibi, a mother of four who was four months pregnant, was wearing an outfit that initially didn't burn. The mob removed her from over the kiln and wrapped her up in cotton to make sure the garments would be set alight. Canadian pot activists celebrate U.S. votes to legalize marijuana Istanbul's bid to become Green Capital of Europe 'is a joke' | City is cutting down forests and bulldozing green spaces in the name of development, say activists Official Men confess to killing Mexican students North Korea releases Kenneth Bae, Todd Miller. Britain and France to blame for Adolf Hitlers march into Europe, Putin tells young historians US not confirming Russian incursion in Ukraine UK Intel agencies spied on lawyers, clients in torture cases | GCHQ and MI5 staff 'rigged the game' in torture cases against government by intercepting legally privileged information. Bering Sea Superstorm Hurricane Force Wind Warnings Issued Around Alaska's Aleutian Islands Models project this system may become one of the lowest sealevel barometric pressures ever observed on Earth outside of tropical cyclones and tornadoes Ground water depletion driving global conflicts  NASA scientist. In 90 percent of the world where there are violent conflicts, there are water scarcity issues, he said. Water scarcity has been one component driving Syria's civil war, he said. Japan to restart nuclear reactors 4 years after Fukushima disaster Puxton Park Single adults are banned  in case they are a paedophile China will complete and put into service the world's longest quantum communication network stretching 2,000km from Beijing to Shanghai by 2016, say scientists leading the project | The quantum network is considered unhackable and will provide the most secure encryption technology to users. Mikhail Gorbachev warns of new cold war over Ukraine at an event marking the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin wall French MPs call for vote on recognition of Palestine New laws could hand miners 10% of Brazils national parks and indigenous lands The European Union's new foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini Saturday appealed for the establishment of a Palestinian state, saying the world cannot afford another war in Gaza. British police foil plot to kill Queen of England Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, & Latvia Reject IPCC Target of Zero Emissions by 2100 to Curb Global Warming  I find this a disgrace, Dutch Green MEP says. After IPCC report, everyone again said it was shocking, we shouldn't delay action. Then... they step back from that. Russia's top diplomat Sergei Lavrov said Saturday that US involvement in resolving the conflict in Ukraine would be a step in the right direction, after meeting with his US counterpart John Kerry in Beijing. Ruble Rout Accelerates as Russia's Central Bank Stands Aside; The declines mean the ruble has fallen over 40 percent against the greenback since the start of the year. Canadian cops use of facial recognition technology expands north of the border. Calgary Police becomes first city in Canada to adopt surveillance technology. Canada, China sign currency hub deal to boost trade. Transactions would be done using yuan, trimming current exchange costs Gates donates $750 million to fight AIDS, TB and malaria Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin The U.S. 'wants to control everything' and takes decisions unilaterally on key questions . . . 'Sometimes I get the impression the U.S. doesn't need allies, it needs vassals.' Divers find large, unexplained object at bottom of Baltic Sea. Twitter to begin censoring content in some countries  Aboriginal protesters torch Australian flag outside Parliament North Korean government labels cell phone users as war criminals during the 100day mourning period for late leader Kim Jongil Corruption scandal shakes Vatican as internal letters leaked ... former top official had been transferred against his will after complaining about irregularities in awarding contracts
| Reuters Spanish Unemployment Rises to 22.9% Women, children killed in violencetorn Syria city  Scots Begin Bid for Vote on Independence! Julia Gillard's shoe held to ransom by Aborigine protesters Netherlands joins growing chorus for burqa ban, Dutch to introduce law next week banning face coverings, including burqas or niqabs. The View of Apple from China  If people saw what kind of life workers lived before they found a job at Foxconn, they would come to an opposite conclusion of this story that Apple is such a philanthropist. European Parliament says its website victim of DDOS attack following new signatures to ACTA Russia bars liberal from election EU Report Israel attempting to separate East Jerusalem from the west bank so it can remove Arabs and allow in Jews Bomb attack near funeral in Baghdad kills 28 people Costa Cruises Offers $14,000 to Every Passenger of Doomed Ship  Global  The Atlantic Wire Libya Torture and death widespread in prisons The Drug war in Mexico by the Numbers A guide to the latest drugwar deaths, lords and trafficking routes. Azerbaijan Says it Thwarted an Iranian Plot to Kill an Israeli Ambassador Britain Releases Partial List of Those Declining Knighthood Exruler charged with genocide in Guatemala  He's accused of masterminding an attack that killed almost 1,800 Ixil tribe members, causing 29,000 to flee between 198283. The tribe were said to be helping leftist insurgents. French breast implant company boss 'charged'. Former head of company at the centre of health scare affecting women worldwide charged with 'involuntary injury'. Libyan militias accused of torture  Charities say prisoners face mistreatment amid western concern over Tripoli's failure to tackle security and political issues
 Chancellor Angela Merkel would rather see the UK exit from the European Union than compromise over the principle of free movement of workers Europe has 421 million fewer birds than 30 years ago  Study finds about 90% of a decline in the most common bird species, including grey partridges, skylarks, sparrows & starlings A town in Portugal makes Mandarin Chinese compulsory for 8 and 9year old school children for future competition in the thriving Chinese market. Portugal Sees Chinese Do 90% of Bids at Property Auction Monument To Apple's Jobs Removed In Russia After CEO Comes Out Dr. Godfrey George, medical superintendent of Kambia Government Hospital in northern Sierra Leone, has died from Ebola Muslims in Canada mark holy day with antiterror march Canadian warplanes drop first bombs against Islamic State in Iraq Suicide blast kills 52 near India  Pakistan Border (Wagah Border) Singapore joins coalition against ISIS. South Australia completes largest wind farm to date generates 1,350 GWh and offsets nearly 1 million tonnes of carbon annually ISIS destroying Iraq's cultural heritage UNESCO chief Argentina bans Procter & Gamble 106 retired Israeli generals, spy chiefs urge Netanyahu to push for peace  Diplomacy and DefenseIsrael News Police are using loopholes in UK surveillance laws to gain access to peoples voicemails, texts and emails, according to an investigation by The Times Haaretz Refuses to Back Down in Storm Over Cartoon Depicting Netanyahu as 9/11 Hijacker Virgin Galactic will continue work on 2nd rocket plane despite crash India to develop an API for entire government Eleven arrested in eastern China for allegedly stealing women's corpses for use in ghost marriages France finally upgrades animals from 'furniture' status ISIS leader AbuBakr alBaghdadi orders bodies of all Kurdish fighters to be burned Russian supply underpins global oil glut Politicians and industry rise up against 'unjustified' metadata bill After rapidly intensifying, Super Typhoon Nuri may be planet's strongest storm of 2014 Public opposition has cost tar sands industry $17bn, says report Southafrica arrests two vietnamese having 41 kilos of rhinohorns in their bags on their way to Hanoi, Vietnam Pope Francis 'Caring for the poor does not make you a communist' Australia to introduce legislation to track illegal downloads by forcing ISP's to store and make accessible all user metadata. Lithuania enacts ban on energy drinks for minors, in global first Egypt finds hundreds more tunnels from Gaza Canadian government blatantly Photoshopped U.S. images to include a nonexistent Canada logo on the International Space Station Fossil fuels 'must go by 2100'  The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Bangladesh power cut plunges millions into darkness The national grid collapsed so the whole country lost power... Defiant Rome mayor refuses to invalidate samesex marriages Saudi women's rights activist arrested for 'insulting Islam' This is apartheid! Israeli minister blasts bus segregation for Palestinians In 2014, countries are still paying off debt from World War One Chief Rabbi of Israel meets with senior Muslim cleric in joint call for an end to violence in Jerusalem Kiev claims 'intensive' movements of troops crossing from Russia Smog Is Driving Tourists Away From China, Report Says Sir Richard Branson admits future of space tourism project is in doubt. Dream will live on only if engineers can identify and overcome cause of fatal accident. Gaza cut off from the world as Israel and Egypt close border crossings Putins Friend Profits in Purge of Schoolbooks the number of approved textbooks for Russias 14 million schoolchildren had been slashed by more than half, threatening the livelihoods of many publishers. But one with close ties to President Vladimir V. Putin profited handsomely Organizers say at least 100,000 people are marching against Ireland's new tax on water, a charge imposed as part of the country's successful exit from an international bailout Indian Supreme Court Cut Power and Water Supply to Factories Polluting the Ganges River China to build airfield in Antarctica Canada wont issue visas to residents of countries with widespread Ebola China & Russia stop international attempt to create worlds largest ocean sanctuary in Antarctica as both nations eye the regions rich reserves of fish & krill  China challenged almost every conservation mandate that was presented. Pay rise for 60,000 workers after surge in firms signing up to living wage | Rate to be increased on Monday while list of living wage employers passes 1,000, including Google, Barclays and ITV UN report Climate change has permanently ruined farmland the size of France Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo Crashes During Flight Test China completes first mission to moon and back Ebola situation in Sierra Leone is catastrophic and vastly underreported  There are several villages and communities that have been basically wiped out. In one of the villages I went to, there were 40 inhabitants and 39 died. The Amazon rainforest has degraded to the point where it is losing its ability to benignly regulate weather systems, according to a stark new warning from one of Brazils leading scientists India to start destroying stockpile of illegal wildlife items such as tiger pelts, ivory to demonstrate country's commitment towards protection of the environment The UK government has admitted for the first time that its intelligence agencies can access data collected by other international agencies about UK citizens without a warrant Three U.S. citizens last seen with police in Mexico are found dead Russia warns its coming for Arctic oil, including an area Canada claims as its own Gaza Rocket Hits Southern Israel, Despite CeaseFire About 80 suspicious fishing boats have been spotted in waters around Torishima island, one of islands which belong to the Izu Islands. These vessels are considered to be Chinese boats, poaching valuable jewelry coral. 8 Convicted for Alleged SameSex Wedding in Egypt As Part of a Crackdown by Authorities Against Gays and Atheists. The campaign also targets liberal and prodemocracy activists and violators of a draconian law on street protests More drones spotted over French nuclear power stations. French authorities detect drones over two nuclear power plants, the latest in a baffling series of incidents across the country Scientists with the Mexican government announced Wednesday the discovery of three new chambers at the end of a tunnel under the ancient city of Teotihuacan. Portugal scrambled F16 jet fighters for the second time this week on Friday to intercept Russian bombers in the international air space along its coast in a new sign of an unusual burst of Russian activity next to NATO's southern borders BBC refuses to make Top Gear apology over Argentina row Egypt court sentences eight men to three years in prison for appearing in a video alleged to be of a gay marriage. 51 countries declare banking secrecy obsolete, sign pact in Berlin 40,000 illegal immigrants arrested or deported since start of 2014 by Greek Coast Guard  We are opposed to the concept of open borders as 2,500 Coast guards conduct patrols in the Aegean Bulgarian Parliament Rejects Plan to Bail Out Corporate Bank Anticorruption investigators in China have confirmed the reported seizure of the equivalent of $33m in cash at an official's home Afghan first lady backs French veil ban Missing Nigerian schoolgirls 'married off'. Boko Haram chief denies ceasefire claim and says kidnapped schoolgirls have converted to Islam and married. Chechen conscripts begin to be drafted into Russian army first time since 1990s Yen slides to 7year low in London Slandering Tutankhamun?  Results of virtual autopsy trigger anger of Egyptian Egyptologist  His face is markedly different from the golden mask & statues. He was not a proud Pharaoh or strong leader as he was a young boy who was frail & weak. 32 Tanks Enter Ukraine From Russia Irish Teacher turned down for a job in South Korea due to Alcoholism nature of Irish people. Latvia's foreign minister just came out on Twitter I proudly announce I'm gay North Koreans working as statesponsored slaves in Qatar Pickup artist Julien Blanc forced out of Australia after Immigration Minister cancels visa This guy wasn't pushing forward political ideas, he was putting a view that was derogatory to women and that's just something that our values abhor in this country Era of cheap fish is over, says expert, as industry forced to tackle slavery and overfishing The highestranking U.S. military officer said on Thursday that Israel went to extraordinary lengths to limit civilian casualties in the recent war in Gaza and that the Pentagon had sent a team to see what lessons could be learned from the operation. The birthplace of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria has been identified as Camp Bucca, a detention centre run by the United States during the Iraq war Shelling of high school soccer field kills two boys in Donetsk, Urkaine US dollar, euro surge to new record highs vs Russian ruble Brussels burns as more than 100,000 protesters clash with police during march against EU austerity measures DNA evidence proves that early humans survived the last Ice Age Ebola out of control in Guinea  The number of unreported cases is likely to be 10 times higher than the number recorded by the WHO. NASA Tests Revolutionary Shape Changing Aircraft Flap for the First Time Obama wants $3.2 billion more for US air war on Islamic State An ozonedestroying chemical long thought to be on the decline in Earths upper atmosphere is making an unexpected comeback, an international team of scientists has found. Three Malaysian transgender women have won an appeal against a religious law banning Muslim men from wearing women's clothing. India invites Israel to invest in strategic sectors Pakistani 'blasphemer' killed by policeman Axewielding officer kills Shia man in police custody, claiming he insulted the Prophet Muhammad. Israel to destroy homes of Palestinian Jerusalem car attackers Uruguay president, Mujica, willing to trade his VW beetle for ambulances to an Arab sheik. Elephant Ivory Price Spiked as China VIPs Snapped Up Thousands of Kilos  Beijing dismisses scathing EIA report on wildlife trade which claims ivory haul of Xi Jinping delegates in Tanzania doubled price on illegal market Gaza rocket misses Israel, as 'ISbacked' blasts rock Strip Wannabe jihadists are taking cruises to avoid security checks while travelling to Syria and Iraq A Christian bakery firm in Ireland which refused to make a cake supporting gay marriage with a picture of the Sesame Street characters Bert and Ernie has been warned it will be taken to court unless it apologizes and pays immediate compensation. Pepsi, IKEA, FedEx and 340 other international companies have secured secret deals from Luxembourg, allowing many of them to slash their global tax bills while maintaining little presence in the tiny European duchy, leaked documents show. Companies saved billions of dollars in taxes. A Japanese court ordered a restaurant to pay more than half a million dollars damages to the family of a man who killed himself after being forced to work nearly 200 hours overtime a month. Japan beats Scotland to win worlds best whiskey title Secret file may be opened, revealing identity of paedophiles at the heart of the British establishment Scotland Produced Enough Wind Energy In October To Power Every Home. Wind turbines generated enough electricity in October to power 3,045,000 homes in the U.K.  more than enough for all the homes in Scotland. Chinese Presidents delegation buys large amounts of illegal ivory during Africa visit Chinese demand for ivory is devastating Tanzania's elephant population | Chinese criminal gangs are causing Tanzania to lose more elephants to poaching than any other African country, says a report by the Environmental Investigation Agency Hungary intercepts Dutch girl, 16, on way to join ISIS Ukraine Prepares for War  Ukrainian forces and proRussian separatists have been mobilizing troops and weapons for another round of vicious fighting as the ceasefire fails Norway says terror attack 'likely' as result of joining U.S.led alliance Canada Conservatives propose increasing legal marriage age to 16, say it will keep barbaric cultural practices out of Canada AntiPutin activist found dead in Moscow home Putin says there was nothing wrong with Soviet Union's pact with Adolf Hitler's Nazi Germany The International Criminal Court (ICC) is expected to officially declare that Israel is guilty of war crimes on Thursday for the attack on a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza in 2010, Nasa image reveals surface of Saturn's Titan moon Student jailed for insulting King on facebook. FrenchBuilt Mistral Ships For Russia Could End Up In Canadian Hands Britain's big banks could be broken up after the country's competition watchdog launched a fullblown investigation into services for small business customers and personal accounts because of a lack of competition. 9,300YearOld Bison Mummy Found in Siberia Thousands take part in London 'Guy Fawkes' protest ICC Says It Won't Investigate Israeli Raid of Gaza Aid Flotilla Poland Prepares For Russian 'Confrontation' In New Defense Strategy Three Israeli soldiers wounded in suspected West Bank terror attack, hours after an attack in Jerusalem President Vladimir Putin has urged Russian historians to combat what he called attempts to rewrite history based on geopolitical interests by providing their own interpretation of past events. Bill Gates Warns The World Is Not Prepared For Epidemics Guam Legalizes Medical Marijuana! 66.42% of voters choose Yes to Proposal 14A. Mass Rape of 200 in North Darfur Canadian hospital, sick of US test monopoly, sues to stop gene patents Libyan Troops Go Wild in England, raping one man and assaulting strangers in Cambridge Tony Abbott was booed as he arrives at the Great Australian PM Gough Whitlam memorial service More than 40% of China's arable land has degraded, making it difficult to feed the world's largest population Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwos surviving pilot managed to parachute from 50,000 feet without an oxygen mask University students in Mexico are holding a 72hour nationwide strike in support of the 43 trainee teachers who disappeared in Guerrero on Sept. 26th A Christian University in Korea Declares 'No Job for Homosexuals.' Sir Richard Branson My family and I will be the first to fly into space Driver plows into Jerusalem crowd in suspected terror attack Lion falls in to 60footdeep well in India, gets rescued by local authorities Islamic State uses women to lure European Muslims with promise of utopia report Foetal Damage Caused by Alcohol Equivalent to Attempted Manslaughter  Lawyers say mothers heavy drinking while pregnant constitutes crime of poisoning A German rapperturnedjihadist has been identified in a video made by the Islamic State.  he is seen holding a severed head and explaining in German that the victims had fought against IS and that's why they received the death penalty. Canada's ISIS bomb attack destroyed heavy engineering equipment that was being used to divert the Euphrates River Kerry U.S., China should set example by agreeing on climate goals  The United States and China, the world's largest carbon emitters, have an opportunity to agree on ambitious targets to reduce climatewarming gas emissions and set the stage for a global deal Ireland set to become fastestgrowing EU economy Immigration from outside Europe 'cost 120 billion' Pollution halves India's potential grain yield Study. Up to 90% of the decrease in potential food production seems to be linked to smog, a mix of black carbon and other pollutants, the study said. Bank of Canada to Canadian youth Work for free ISIS Militant Who Pledged to Chop Off The Heads Of The Americans Killed In Syria Arab Israeli Citizen Joins ISIS, Jailed For 22 Months For 'Threat To Israel's Security' Upon Return Ruble tumbles as Russia limits currency controls Israeli minister If Hezbollah fires rockets at Israel, Lebanon will be razed New Zealand MP demoted after suggesting homeopathy use in Ebola fight France Just Fired The Guy In Charge Of Selling Warships To Russia The last Pirate Bay founder has finally been caught and arrested Coal is the future, insists Australian PM Tony Abbott as UN calls for action on climate change Brazil Building Internet Cable to Portugal to Avoid NSA Surveillance Top politicians wore feminist Tshirts made by women making less than $1 an hour Police arrest fugitive mayor of Mexican town where 43 students went missing in September, media reports say. Canadian dollar sinks below 88 cents as Saudis cut oil to $77 The leader of the World Health Organization criticized the drug industry on Monday, saying that the drive for profit was one reason no vaccine had yet been found for Ebola. South Korean automakers Hyundai & Kia will pay largest fine in US Clean Air Act history because nearly 1.2 million vehicles sold will emit 4.75 million metric tons more greenhouse gases than companies certified to the Environmental Protection Agency. Men find King Thutmosis III's 3,400yrold temple under their house in Cairo  Finds include 7 tablets, pink granite column bases & pink granite statue. Nasrallah You will be forced to close your ports; our missiles will reach every inch of Israel Privacy not an absolute right, says GCHQ director China unveils dronefighting laser cannons Russia has failed to show up at meeting planning the 2016 Nuclear Security Summit, U.S and European officials said Pakistan using militants as proxies to counter superior Indian Army Pentagon US expresses 'unequivocal' opposition to new east Jerusalem housing plans ISIL reaches Egypt as most powerful militant group in the country pledges allegiance to the Islamic State Petrodollars leave world markets for first time in 18 years Hezbollah 'Fully Ready' for Israel Fight in Southern Lebanon Despite Syrian War. Israel to reopen Gaza border crossings this morning  Egyptian crossings remain closed Brent crude tumbles as Saudi escalates Opec oil price war  Saudi Arabia slashes oil contract price to US, sending crude traded in London sharply lower Venezuela, with world's largest reserves, imports oil for the first time In Russia, an attempt to build its own Silicon Valley on the Moskva River Gunmen killed a Mexican general sent by the government to tame violence in a northern state plagued by drug cartel crimes along the US border b'In short, right now America has China over a barrel, not the other way around.' b'How to Track a Crisis A small Kenyanborn organization called Ushahidi, has become a hero of the Haitian and Chilean earthquakes and may have something larger to tell us about the future of humanitarianism, innovation...' IsraelUS ties at 'historic low' We can't go round injecting our brains with Tralfamadorian grey matter, because it doesn't exist. Instead the closest thing we have is LSD, which must be pumped into the water supply b'Wyclef Jean Paid His Mistress $105,000 Through His Haiti Charity' Sweden's PM apologizes for 'genocide' vote   Do you think the massacres of Armenians by Ottoman Turks should be labeled genocide? b'Shanghai prepares for Expo 2010 [PICS]' b'Israels apartheid Making Palestinians pay for Hitlers crimes' b'Iran sentences 6 protesters to death. The protesters wanted to celebrate a thousandyear old annual tradition (the Feast of Fire), which was deemed by supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei as having, ...no religious basis and is harmful and must be avoided.' b'Muslim gangs imposing sharia law in British prisons' b'General Petraeus, responsible in part for the successful surge in Iraq, asked for IsraelPalestine to be put under his regional command.' b'British couple appealing Dubai kiss conviction  A man and a woman kissing is against the law. Dubai  a place to be.' Married for a Minute Is Iran's mullahbacked system of temporary marriage a godsend for the sexually frustratedor religious prostitution? b'Fathers in the UK will now be able to spend the night in the maternity ward with their new baby' b'Democracy proposed for Britain  Labour has plan to ditch the House of Lords ' b'COMPUTER hackers linked to the Russian mafia robbed Royal Bank of Scotland customers of 6million in 12 hours.' How Dubai unraveled a homicide, frame by frame  A mix of oldfashioned legwork and hightech razzledazzle, scouring hundreds of hours of surveillance videos, helped police home in on suspects in a Hamas man's slaying, blamed on Israel's Mossad. b'The Australian Government says it has been swamped by overseas requests for camels since efforts to control feral camels in Central Australia attracted international media attention.' b'80pc of Chileans without powernnA vast area of earthquakehit Chile, including the capital city of Santiago, has been plunged into darkness by a massive blackout, the National Emergency Office said.' b'Man threatens massacre at Stockholm college on 4chan, arrested.' b'The White House is raising the stakes with Israel, calling it an insult and an affront that the Jewish nation would continue plans to build 1,600 new apartments' Pope's friend, a German cardinal, suspended for children sexabuse conviction b'In an effort to stop growing Palestinian protests against the Wall, Israel declares the West Bank villages of Bil'in and Ni'lin a closed military area until August 17.' 5 Reasons Why Russia Isn't China. b'Europe trashes ACTA as Obama praises it' Oh shit. Venezuela's Chavez calls for internet controls 'The Internet cannot be something open where anything is said and done' b'Israeli War Tourists Watch Bombs Drop on Gaza while sipping Cappucino. ' b'How Dubai unraveled a homicide, frame by frame ' b'British couple face jail time in Dubai over kiss' b'Israel Punks Itself Its new ad campaign, which claims settlements are restored villages and that most Palestinians are actually economic immigrants from other countries, is drawing ridicule at home and abroad.' b'Sweden to recognize Armenian genocide' Don't celebrate these billionaires, be horrified by their existence b'Clinton berates Netanyahu over settlements' b'In April 2008, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a nonbinding resolution urging that every reference to Palestinian refugees raised in international forums be matched by a similarly explicit reference to the uprooting of Jewish communities from Arab countries. ' b'Egypt Copts ask, is the State Security there to protect all citizens or just the Muslims?' b'Burying myths, uncovering truth In the aftermath of fighting or repression, people are often told to forget things. But in free societies, selective memory cannot be imposed for ever' China warns Google's partners to censor search results even if Google wont. If you want to do something that disobeys Chinese law and regulations, you are unfriendly, you are irresponsible and you will have to bear the consequences. b'Is the Pope Toast?' b'Powerful 7.0magnitude earthquake strikes Indonesia' b'Fake Russian Attack Report Throws Georgia in Panic  An anchor of Imedi TV has apologized for the panic the report might have created, saying, We just wanted to show what the most terrible day in Georgias history could be like.' b'Thousands attend antiBerlusconi protest in Rome' Berlin's police will allow children to legally make a noise. b'Nato covered up botched night raid in Afghanistan that killed five' b'UK plans to cut the drink driving limit to less than a pint of beer or a glass of wine ' b'10,000 Bikers in Wootton Bassett tribute to fallen  soldiers' b'Black fathers urged to be more involved with their children' b'Video Inside Scotland Yards deep infiltration squad' Israel's announcement of plans to build 1,600 homes for Jews in East Jerusalem was destructive to peace efforts, a top aide to Barack Obama says b'SARKOZY faces likely defeat.' b'A bantustan was a territory set aside for black inhabitants of South Africa , as part of the policy of apartheid [pic].' b'We must start to accept that 5% of the population at any given time is bonkers. There are no steps to be taken to stamp this out and no lessons to be learnt when a man with a beard boards a plane with an exploding dog.' b'A great NBC piece aired during the Olympics on what happened on September 11th when 39 transatlantic flights were redirected to the small town of Gander, Newfoundland in Canada. [Vid]' b'On the Spot with Kim Jongil  The Big Picture' b'Eleven Siberian Tigers starve to death at Chinese Zoo' b'US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has sharply rebuked Israel over its recent decision to build new settlements in East Jerusalem.' b'The likelihood of a woman dying in childbirth in the US is five times greater than in Greece  WHO' b'Pope will struggle to survive abuse scandal  The latest revelations are so potentially damaging to the reputation of thenCardinal Joseph Ratzinger that speculation was mounting last night that they could severely, perhaps even irreparably, damage his moral authority as Pope Benedict XVI.' b'Google 99.9 Percent Sure to Shut Down in China (Update1)  BusinessWeek' b'China to build high speed rail lines London to Beijing to Singapore' b'Three killed after man walks in on threesome' b'The bankers lied. And Darling, a mere puppet on their string, knows it Britain has paid a horrific price for allowing the City to dictate credit policy. Yet there is no inquiry, no questioning, only silence!' b'Over 40 people have been killed in a wave of bombings in the Pakistani city of Lahore.  It is suspected that the army was the main target, though mostly civilians were killed.' b'The Pope Was Drawn Directly into the Roman Catholic Sex Abuse Scandal for the First Time Tonight as News Emerged of His Part in a Decision to Send a Paedophile Priest for Therapy. The Priest Went on to Reoffend and Was Convicted of Child Abuse but Continues to Work as Priest in Upper Bavaria.' Pope is 'shocked' to hear of abuse case in Munich while he was archbishop b'In Argentina, any success is viewed as suspicious, unless it is won on the football pitch. An article describing in detail just how corrupt Argentina can be.  ' b'Pakistani Army Paying Pensions to Families of LashkareTaiba Operatives Who Carried out Mumbai Massacre...' b'Israel seals off the occupied Palestinian territory of West Bank  no one will be allowed in or out for 48 hours' b'Unique Arctic doomsday stockpile of all the world's crop seeds has reached the halfmillion species mark' 'They herded us into one place and started chopping with machetes...' b'Thailand braces for mass protests' Several dozen Palestinian women scuffled with Israeli troops today. Four arrested, none injured. Firebombs thrown. However, the settler movement still isn't getting the hint. b'China warns Google to comply with censorship laws' b'IRAQ Women Miss Saddam. Since Iraqis overthrew the Britishinstalled monarchy, Iraqi women had most of the rights that Western women do. Now their Constitution states Islam is the official religion of the state and is a basic source of legislation.' b'Rachel Corrie case stirs fresh pain and hope  Family of activist killed by Israeli bulldozer sues in an Israeli court.' b'Azerbaijan Appeal Court Leaves Bloggers in Jail' Just in case you havent noticed, Germanys foreign secretary has married his boyfriend last week. Mex. blogger talks on perils of narcolife, followed by graphic images [NSFW] UK Police chief issues call to decriminalise cannabis and redirect resources Soldiers 'killed Afghans for sport' 
Unprovoked killing last winter started 'monthslong shooting spree.' Sweden's lost innocence  farright party voted into hung parliament Sales assistant tried to steal 72 year old's $15 million winning lottery ticket 5 JawDropping Stories in Wikileaks' Archives Begging for National Attention 'The Roma Are a European Problem' Gunmen torch a Gaza beach club shuttered by Hamas. Hamas shut down the park because it had hosted parties in which men and women mingled. BBC News  Niger facing catastrophic hunger crisis Islamophobia in Holland down; Jewhatred up  antisemitic incidents ballooned by 48%, the number of antiMuslim incidents in 2009 went down by 17%, from 116 to 96. An average Jew in Holland is more than 450 times likely to be the victim of a hate crime than the average Muslim Abducted Mexico police found dead China has said it is temporarily
suspending toplevel exchanges with
Japan over a Chinese ship captain's
detention following a collision near
disputed islands. Women in Egypt get hitech aid to beat sexual harassment Armed men kidnap 9 Mexican police officers; 2 officers found dead as manhunt begins China suspends ministeriallevel exchanges with Japan   Gaza water park burned down after shut down by Hamas  gunmen set fire to Crazy Water park closed for allowing mixed bathing; witnesses say at least 25 assailants took part. In what is set to become a historic election in Sweden, a nonsocialist government appeared headed for reelection to a second term, a first in the country's political history. Sizing up China's cities | The Economist Obama's Envoy Holbrook To Pak Army Stop Focusing On Flood Relief, Start Killing More Pashtuns  Richard Holbrooke said that his country would not accept any slackness on part of the Pakistan Army in the fight agst the Taliban due their engagement in flood relief efforts. Ballotstuffing in Afghan election 
'Widescale fraud' casts doubt on legitimacy of Afghan democracy. Mike 'Shameful' Canada Not What it Used to Be | This country was so generous to those of my generation who did not want to kill Vietnamese and opened the doors.  Michael Moore today in Toronto Interpol chief's (FaceBook) identity stolen Iran denies seizing U.S. troops at Pakistan border What has the Pope's UK visit achieved? Netanyahu Within three to five years, we can assume that Iran will...produce a nuclear bomb. [The nuclear threat] must be uprooted by an international front headed by the US. 2010? Nope, try 1995.  I do not mind dying if it helps to improve the situation of my people Interview with a female Afghan candidate for parliament Robert Mugabe's darkest secret An 800bn blood diamond mine run with China's Red Army Communists lured to their deaths by MI6 with promise of sex  Telegraph How right wing extremists could hold Sweden to ransom  Pope in London Sorry about touching all those little boys. God will forgive us  Tony Blair Defends the Iraq War What I Thought I Had to Do Pope apologizes on abuse as thousands protest in London  Bomb suspect 'targeted' Danish paper JyllandsPosten  Danish police think a man hurt in a blast was making a letter bomb to use against a newspaper which published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.  John Freeborn, British Fighter Pilot, Dies at 90  Rumours about Abu Ghraiblike photos stemming 
from a Danish Afghanistan deployment in 2002 Dominican Republic or Bust  Postcard from Haiti's other half, an oasis of heaving bosoms, tropical breezes, brightly colored birds, salty food, beer, merengue, and the happiestlooking German sex tourists Ive ever seen  Pope Benedict XVI has expressed his deep sorrow for the unspeakable crimes of child abuse within the Catholic Church. Waughnabes  The return of snobbery in Cameron's Britain Thailand Sept 19 coup, four years on... bloodbath at Ratchaprasong, four months later Robert Mugabe's real darkest secret  he's a chicken Africa leads fall in HIV infections Venezuela's economy Disappearing dollars  Tens of thousands protest in Berlin against government's proposed extension of the lifespans of Germany's atomic reactors Arab League rejects Jewish state Teenage girls can change the world  The Globe and Mail Thailand Thousands demand release of political prisoners (+ photo essay) Surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge indicted On Saturday, Afghan voters will again head to the voting booth, this time to elect members to the Afghan National Assembly, known as the Wolesi Jirga. This election, the second in the history of the legislative body, was initially scheduled for late May Radical Islam on rise in Balkans b'A former Scientologist who says she was a child slave and alleges she saw a sixyearold boy chained up in a ship's hold is disappointed the Senate has blocked a full inquiry into the religious organisation.' b'Breaking Second Earthquake Strikes Chile  Magnitude 7.2' Does anybody else find it absurd that the US and NATO have been fighting the Taliban since 2001 and still haven't won?  b'Sweden Recognizes Armenian, Assyrian and Greek Genocide' Two Israeli soldiers face up to 3 years in prison for forcing a Palestinian boy to open up suspected 'booby traps' b'Police State Homeland Security Shows Us Its Mobile Mind Screening Checkpoints  ' b'Clinton warns Netanyahu that U.S.Israeli relationship is at risk' Israel Jewish group urges supermodel not to marry Leonardo DiCaprio, because he's not Jewish b'Found in a burial pit Fiftyone Scandinavian Vikings decapitated by Anglo Saxons' b'Russia to build 12 nuclear reactors in India' The world's billionaires saw their wealth grow by 50 percent last year, and their ranks swell to 1,011, from 793, according to the latest Forbes list of billionaires. The combined net worth of these 1,011 individuals increased to $3.6 trillion, up $1.2 trillion from the year before. Police State UK develops 'Intelligent CCTV' b'You wonder why Greece is fucked? Hairdressers have the right to retire with a full pension at age 50. ' China's oil demand increases an 'astonishing' 28% in January, says International Energy Agency b'Israel seals off occupied West Bank' b'Japan arrests activist who boarded whaling ship' b'The practice of torture by the United States is a highly negative influence on the world.' b'Greece debt EU agrees bailout deal' b'Could the Israeli government make it any more obvious they have no intention of sharing the OverPromised Land with its other inhabitants?' b'UN Report says half of the food sent to Somalia is diverted to corrupt contractors, UN workers and militants' Lehman Brothers' former heads criticised for lapses. Yeah, because a slap on the wrist is definitely an appropriate response.. b'Antiwhaling activist arrives in Tokyo, is arrested by authorities' b'Palestinian Loss of Land 19462000' b'Brazilian president Lula said world leaders are afraid that Israel may attack Iran if a diplomatic solution over the countrys nuclear program is not reached quickly.' b'The real reason behind Greek economic problems' In Abu Ghraib, she says, women were tortured by the Americans
much more than the men. One woman said she witnessed five girls being raped. Most of the women in the prison were raped  some of them left prison pregnant. Families killed some of these women  because of the
shame. Did 9/11 make us all go mad? Nine years, two wars, hundreds of thousands dead  and nothing learnt An investigation by The New York Times has found that the British tabloid News of the World may have hacked into the voicemail of hundreds of British citizens. This scandal now includes a member of the new British government. Perspective Iraq Civilians Experience September 11th Every 8.23 Days. Since The US Led Invasion, Afghanistan & Iraq Have Experienced The Equivalent Of 348 September 11th's. The Case of the PopeHow Canon Law shields paedophile priests. One reason for the huge amount of child abuse is that the perpetrators know they will almost certainly get away with it  Quel horreur! Retire at 62? French do not like AngloSaxon culture. BBC. Honour killings  excellent six part series by Robert Fisk (long) Britishborn Palestinian singer 'assaulted' at Tel Aviv airport.  Security agents alleged there was a bomb planted in her microphone.  DR Congo bans mining for mobile phone minerals Algeria bans Jewish Korans bearing Star of David on their covers Christians in Gaza Fear for Their Lives as Muslims Burn Bibles and Destroy Crosses  In 2007 Nobody Cared about this  Is Pakistan heading for a coup?  Referendum in Turkey raises fears of too much Islam in government  Europe has no choice but to put the pensioners to work The other 9/11.
A short on the fall of Chile's government in the '70s North Korea after He's gone  The one exception to the lack of longterm thinking may be China. Andrei Lankov raises the possibility of China attempting to avert collapse by installing a hard authoritarian, progrowth regime in North Korea. Days of Reflection for the Man Who Defined Singapore  Interview with Lee Kuan Yew, now 87. Reflective, vulnerable, still combative. Im not saying that everything I did was right, but everything I did was for an honorable purpose  Gunmen killed 25 people in a series of druggang attacks in Ciudad Juarez, marking the deadliest day in more than two years for the Mexican border city Funding hatethe 2008 990 filings for Chernick's charitable foundation, including funds for Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem, The Investigative Project on Terrorism, MEMRI, The Center for Security Policy, over $900k to the Jewish Federation Council of Greater Los Angeles France furore over Castro racial holocaust remark Britain could reduce numbers in armed forces as part of budget cuts Greek anger at PM's economy speech   George Papandreou vows to stay on course with government's austerity drive as 20,000 protest against cuts. Derry's Bloody Sunday happened in Belfast...writes man who ordered 200m inquiry...Tony Blair Over 800 have died due to cholera in Nigeria the treatment is just giving fluids/ORS; yet children are dying. Hamas threat to West Bank rival Palestinian Authority |  The Australian Weary of drug war, Mexico debates legalization  
A debate about legalizing marijuana and possibly other drugs  once a taboo suggestion  is percolating in Mexico, a nation exhausted by runaway violence and a deadly drug war. Beyond Hiroshima The nonreporting of Falluja's cancer catastrophe Qur'an burning Nato troops shoot at Afghan protesters Arab regimes' autocratic nature masks their vulnerability  Arab regimes have an almost insatiable urge to control, but aren't very good at it. They work against society, not with it. Violence, autocracy, should be seen as symptoms of weakness  Threehour wave of Juarez slayings may be tied to abduction of child  24 people were reported slain in a wave of multiple killings that shook Jurez over a threehour period Thursday night, Economist's views on Muslims spark controversy in Germany Scandal knocks at No. 10 Downing Street A prime minister's aide is intimately linked to the furor over highprofile phone tappings Ahmadinejad Koran burning will bring about Israel's annihilation  Iran president calls U.S. pastor's plan to burn copies of Koran on Sept. 11 anniversary a violation of the teachings of all religions. Iraqi prank TV show   Planting fake IEDs in celebrity cars.  Koranburning protests sweep Afghanistan  BBC News Ramadan 2010 through the eyes of the Boston.com readers Narcotics war reaps nothing but killing fields  Two human heads left in a cooler box on the plaza? A mystery. The 18 houses burned in a single night? An enigma. The doctor and his family who disappeared? A rumour.  The incredible shrinking prsident  When Sarkozy first burst into the French political consciousness he was unlike any other recent leader the country had known. He dared to tell the French what they did not care to hear. What a shrunken version of that politician now occupies the presidency. The organizers of Oktoberfest have banned smoking this year from the world's biggest beer tents. Now they have to find a way to mask the lurking smells the cigarette smoke once hid. Truck full of pig manure explodes in Germany  The manure had become too warm, creating too much pressure in the tank and eventually bursting a glass panel, local fire officials said. The manure was sprayed over a large area. Good news and bad news on the Castro front Israeli Air Force strikes Gaza Strip targets  
Hamas' Gaza headquarters reportedly bombed; Strike response to rocket fire Philippines Police torture five men inside their headquarters Top ranking Chinese official to the UN gets drunk and says I really don't like him he's an American and I really don't like Americans Denmark best country in the world to do business in. Struggle in Poland over Jewish war diaries Suspected bomber
apprehended in 
copenhagen [ongoing]  Iranian secret nuclear site disclosed Is this real or a phony excuse for war like Iraq WMD? Why Do Terrorists Blow Themselves Up?  The genesis of suicide bombings is rooted in intractable asymmetrical conflicts pitching the state against nonstate actors over political entitlements, territorial occupation and dispossession. Sarrazin's Truths Political Correctness Is Silencing an Important Debate. It is clear that intimidation from the politically correct thought police of the media ... no longer work. Should the Pope face charges?
A renowned lawyer makes the case that the Pope should have his day in court for harbouring pedophiles British soldiers are smuggling heroin out of Afghanistan ... MoD launches probe Mandela 'breathed fire' over Iraqi war  Nelson Mandela was so upset over Britain invading Iraq in 2003 that he called a government minister and virtually breathed fire about why it was a mistake, reveals the exminister. There are 4 million kg of whale meat stockpiled in Japan Pakistan's enemy is not America or India or any other external power. It is Pakistan's own culture of hypocrisy. The Web Braces for Biggest Wikileaks Dump to Date Remember 9/11? Remember the Saudi Arabia link? Barack Obama to authorise record $60bn Saudi arms sale UK History is disappearing from state schools as growing numbers of head teachers view it as a worthless subject Mexican marines have captured Sergio Villarreal Barragan, a presumed leader of the embattled Beltran Leyva cartel Thousands 'tortured, held without trial in Iraq' Cuba to cut 500,000 gov't workers; reform salaries  Cuba announced Monday it will cast off at least half a million state employees by mid2011 and reduce restrictions on private enterprise to help them find new jobs. In the largest US arms deal ever, Obama plans to offer advanced aircraft to Saudi Arabia worth up to $60 billion, as part of policy aimed at shoring up Arab allies against Iran Woerthgate affair Main French newspaper files complaint against counterintelligence agency which, under presidential orders, tried to illegally shut a newspaper source on the multiple corruption affairs of the Employment minister, Eric Woerth Animal massacre to kick off Euro 2012 Call for boycott over plan to kill stray animals. Cuba to lay off 500,000 in 6 months, allow private jobs Asylum for gay Saudi diplomat?  Chinese submarine plants flag twomiles deep at the bottom of the South China Sea Local Sweden Democrat 'ban' practicing Muslims Kosovo Winemakers Face Bitter Harvest  Growers have accumulated the equivalent of 16 million unsold bottles, owing to the Serbian blockade on Kosovo products and the overall economic crisis. Plane crashes in eastern Venezuela with 47 people on board. Putin Stunts Hint At Another Presidency Bid Canada's military won't probe heroin allegations  
The military was reacting to reports in the Sunday Times and the BBC that Canadian and British troops have been sending large quantities of heroin out of Afghanistan on military aircraft taking troops back to Britain. Youths run riot in antiAsian protest
By Papua New Guinea correspondent Liam Fox Amnesty Iraq holds up to 30,000 detainees without trial Chinese Remake the Made in Italy Fashion Label  Tal alMallouhi is a highschool student arrested in Dec 2009 by Syrian security agents for her blog containing poems and articles supporting the Palestinian Cause. She has been in prison ever since. She is 19 years old. Her life could now be in grave danger. Reddit, your help could save her life. Canadian pot activist Marc Emery gets five years in U.S. prison Turkey votes 'yes' to amending militaryera constitution reports   Above the Law  Russia Uses Microsoft to Suppress Dissent  One of the authorities newest tactics for quelling dissent in Russia is confiscating computers under the pretext of searching for pirated Microsoft software. The Problem is Empire, not Islam  In order to arrive at a correct solution to a problem, it is necessary to arrive at a correct diagnosis. The problems facing our country are not rooted in the Islamic religion or with Muslims. The problems are rooted in U.S. foreign policy. North Korean soldiers in exile to Rebel against the North Korean regime. Saudi diplomat 'My life is in danger'  The diplomat, Ali Ahmad Asseri, the first secretary of the Saudi consulate in Los Angeles, has informed U.S. DHS officials that Saudi officials have effectively terminated his job after discovering he was gay and was close friends with a Jewish woman. German Identity, Long Dormant, Reasserts Itself  China Explores a Frontier 2 Miles Deep  China has unveiled a submersible designed to go deeper than any other in the world, giving it access to 99.8 percent of the ocean floor and its minerals. Australian Lawyer Alex Stewart smokes pages from the Koran and Bible Iran women on the frontline of the fight for rights  From the mother sentenced to death by stoning to the lawyer arrested for defending opposition activists, women are prominent symbols of Iran's struggle for democracy OZ Govt Antidrug Campaign's 'Worrying' Link to Scientology Concerns have been raised about a partnership between the Australian Federal Government and a drug awareness group run by members of the controversial Church of Scientology. By some estimates, the quake left about 33 million cubic yards of debris in PortauPrince  more than seven times the amount of concrete used to build the Hoover Dam. So far, only about 2 percent has been cleared, which means the city looks pretty much as it did a month after the Jan. 12 quake. Tony Blair uses political influence to save Palestinian firm (owned by JP Morgan) Chavez's obsession with past turns creepy  and he's not alone
 Congo examines mass graves to find proof of revenge genocide on Hutus Eleven men are dead, because someone, somewhere, decided that they wanted to save money, or to make more money Chinese diplomat gets drunk off his ass at a United Nations dinner I know you never liked me, Mr Secretary General. Well, I never liked you either! Iraq to pay for U.S. abuse claims vs Saddam regime Entrepreneurs Rise in Ashes of Indias Caste System  Air Zimbabwe fires striking pilots Rwanda's Paul Kagame begins new term amid controversy surrounding possible Congo genocide The Pakistani flood has mostly been caused by incompetent dyke and levee management done by non technical people instead of by geologists, hydrologist and hydroarcheologists who understand river system behavior. Treachery? Conspiracy? Treason? Even after a 110billion euro bail out and the introduction of severe austerity measures, Greece's economy is still shrinking faster than expected. Can the nation rebound? Turkey prepares to vote in constitutional referendum Joint letter opposing Pope UK state visit signed by Dawkins, Fry, Pratchett, many others France bans the burqa French Senate Passes Ban of Full Muslim Veils French people back the burqa ban by a margin of more than four to one...Clear majorities also backed burqa bans in Germany, Britain and Spain, while two out of three Americans opposed it, the survey found. Would the Grand Ayatollah of Iran get a taxpayer funded state visit to your country? No? Then why does the Pope, who is not even the supreme leader of a country, get one to mine? Hamas shoots Phosphorus shells at Israeli civilians I know the national debt is bad, but why is the U.S. selling Saudi Arabia $60 Billion in arms? That's a MONSTROUS deal! Power Struggle in Egypt  For years, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has used manipulated elections to remain in power.  Three hurricanes, Karl, Igor and Julia, are heading to Mexico, US, and Caribbean Russia and Norway sign maritime border agreement, ending 40 year dispute over fishing and oil rights in the Barents Sea Iran's economy slide to the bottom   there has

  

been insignificant growth in real per capita incomes over the past 30 years since the Revolution.  Payback Iran reportedly donates $25 million to Turkish PM Erdogan's party The Bordello State  Pope's tour attacked in open letter FlatNose, Stocky and Beautugly FP Explainer Could Britain Arrest the Pope?  Murdoch's Watergate Privacy Tool for Iranian Activists Disabled After Security Holes Exposed Spanish expremier calls for legalising drugs worldwide   Cuba announces firing of half a million state workers. With its announcement that over 500,000 state workers will be fired over the next six months, the Castro regime is carrying out its most sweeping attack on Cuban workers since it came to power more than half a century ago. 'Chapo' Guzman, Sinaloa cartel taking over cocaine trade in Australia  El Paso Times BP chief Tony Hayward to face MPs on Gulf oil spill Pope's aide compares Britain to 'third world'  Russian official sacked for making boys kiss his feet Drone Strikes Peak; Can They Help End the AfPak War?  IMF fears 'social explosion' Child sex abuse, and other church failings, lead Belgians to formally renounce religion Israels accountability  Soldiers seldom punished for killing Palestinians. out of 148 cases in which 288 Palestinians were killed between 2006 and 2009, only 22 resulted in the opening of a Military Police Investigation Unit probe. In a rare example of openness, China has set up a website for citizens to express their views to top leaders  and users have wasted little time in firing unusually blunt criticisms at the government. Zulu king condemns photos of virginity tests at annual dance CNN Israeli Soldiers Sexually Abused Palestinian Children Please help find the identity of onelegged bomber who has put Copenhagen into bombscare turmoil Salvadoran police have unearthed three barrels full of cash worth 30 million dollars. Sorry, I think it's 20, wait, 14 million. 14 million dollars. Who really wields power in Russia  A corrupt security service on a longer leash than the KGB  a new book tells a very different story to the official one UK had no idea in Iraq aftermath  The UK government and military leaders had absolutely no idea what to do after invading Iraq, a prominent veteran of the 2003 war has claimed. The international aid system is easily manipulated, and always profits the elite. Iranian fatwa Kill those who burn Qur'an French Parliament Completes Passage of Law Banning Full Facial Veils  The government has repeatedly said the law isnt aimed at Frances Muslims Tehran plays games with jailed hikers Settlers receive 22% more budget grants than other Israelis, probe shows Capitalist storm clouds loom over Havana after state cuts 1m jobs Victims, Rapists Speak Out on Rape as Weapon of War in Congo Taliban increasingly eyeing its role in politics Dizzy With Success The accelerating degeneration of life in America's Afghanistan. France bans full veils in public  The French parliament passed a law Tuesday prohibiting wearing a fullface veil in public, meaning a ban will come into force early next year if it is not overturned by senior judges. Sex, the Saudis, and selling out  Fastest drill resumes work in Chile mine Pope John Paul II was in the Netherlands for four days in May of 1985, and his visit was a disaster.  The Global Economy 'Still Has DeepSeated Structural Problems' Irish leader Brian Cowen denies being drunk or hungover during early morning national broadcaster RT interview. These scurrilous suggestions sssshhould be left in the dusssshtbin, he slurred.