 A 100yearold Saudi beggar died leaving a milliondollar fortune behind, secretly amassing a fortune and real estate portfolio over 50 years of begging on the streets of Jeddah that rivaled those of the citys millionaires. Eight days after Flight MH370 vanished, Malaysian authorities are seeking diplomatic permission to investigate a theory that the Boeing 777 may have been flown under the radar to Talibancontrolled bases on the border of Afghanistan and North West Pakistan, The Independent has learnt. UN report on North Korea finds 'atrocities like WW2' Britain's five richest families worth more than poorest 20% Ukraine Is Training Young Protesters to Fight the Russian Army Unregulated mining in rural northern Nigeria is causing blindness and paralysis among children and making adults infertile. Farmers are forced to choose between poverty and a slow death by lead poisoning. Modern civilisation is heading for collapse within a matter of decades because of growing economic instability and pressure on the planets resources, according to a scientific study funded by Nasa. Ukraine NeoFascist Leader and presidential candidate Dmitry Yarosh Vows to Destroy Russia's TransSiberian Pipeline, which supplies Europe with the majority of its gas imports, to Stop 'World War III' EU votes in favor of universal mobile charger  550 votes to 12 says that chargers need to be standardized Ukrainian radical leader threatens to sabotage Russian pipelines UN's North Korea Crimes Against Humanity Report Rejected By China U.S. Navy SEALs Take Control of Oil Tanker Hijacked in Libya McCain 'Russia is a gas station masquerading as a country' Crimea exit poll Around 93% back Russia union Crimea Parliament Declares Independence After Vote Finland condemns 'illegal' Crimean vote State TV says Russia could turn US to 'radioactive ash' BBC News  Russia 'planned Wall Street bear raid' MH370 flew as low as 1,500m to avoid detection, says paper Civilians stopped a Ukrainian military convoy from entering a city in Donetsk region Paris makes public transportation free due to smog crisis EU imposes sanctions over Crimea Government of Japan refuses to acknowledge Crimea joining Russia Russia might quit WTO in case of economic sanctions Obama Says U.S. Will Never Recognize Crimea's Secession Vote Russian troops invade Kherson Oblast, Ukrainians declare right to fight back 30,000 Australians hit the streets in protest of government policies. Antipolice brutality march declared illegal, broken up Russian forces have seized a village in mainland Ukraine. I am afraid that I am interested in a cold war with the West, said Mr. Prokhanov, 76, in a lull between interviews on statecontrolled television and radio. I was very patient. I waited for 20 years. I did everything I could so that this war would begin. I worked day and night. Thousands of Australian protesters take to the streets against Abbott Government policies. MH370 is now thought to be near Perth,Australia North Korea fires 10 shortrange missiles toward Sea of Japan, the latest in a series of launches that have provoked criticism from Seoul and Washington Viral Facebook posts claiming the missing Malaysia Airlines MH370 has been found are used by hackers to spread malware 112,000 protest in Aus over 'no confidence' in current government. Belarus Mobilizes Its Military U.S. Prepares for Russian Retaliation Nigeria Navy destroys 260 illegal oil refineries A letter from Guantanamo 'Nobody can truly understand how we suffer' Radar data show that missing Malaysian jet flew directly over Malaysia and was visible on military air defense rader without being noticed or reported by onduty crew A BRITISH Muslim couple have been jailed after posting videos on YouTube saying it was a brilliant day when Fusilier Lee Rigby was murdered. Royal Barnes, 23, and his wife, Rebekah Dawson, 22, pleaded guilty to three counts of disseminating a terrorist publication last month Mapped The 634 runways where missing Malaysia Airlines plane could have landed Russian Forces Move Outside of Crimea  Natural Gas Plant Seized 2 times as many teenagers are admitted to hospital with selfharm injuries compared to 10 years ago US regulator sues 16 banks, incl. Bank of America, Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, HSBC, JPMorgan Chase, Barclays, HSBC, and Royal Bank of Scotland, for engaging in manipulation of the Libor rate, a measure of how freely banks lend to each other, in order to protect their revenue streams Turkish PM accuses dead 15 yr old Berkin Elvan, who spent 9 months in a coma before dying, of having links to terrorism Ukraine's president fears Russia could invade Kremlin is behind turmoil in eastern Ukraine and there is 'real danger' Moscow could seize more territory Australia abolishes Carbon Tax Revelation suggests person who delivered 'All right, good night' message from missing plane knew system had been shut down. Last satellite signal from MH370 'may have been sent while missing jet was on the ground' A Russian mining company is destroying archaeological finds, including some potentially involving the origin of man, in a Georgian gold mine that is arguably the oldest in the world. NYT Malaysian Military Radar data shows missing MH370 climbed to 45,000 feet before descending unevenly to 23,000 feet. RollsRoyce engines data shows it descending 40,000 feet in the space of a minute. American official says A lot of this doesn't make sense. Malaysian investigators conclude flight was hijacked. 50,000 protest Crimea action in Moscow Around 50,000 people rallied in central Moscow on Saturday, March 15, in protest at Russia's intervention in Ukraine, a day before the Crimean peninsula votes on switching to Kremlin rule. Russian citizens rally against Ukrainian occupation calling it Russia's Disgrace | BBC In his final address to Afghanistan's parliament Saturday, President Hamid Karzai told the United States its soldiers can leave at the end of the year because his military, which already protects 93 percent of the country, was ready to take over entirely Worlds Most Pristine Waters Polluted by US Navy Human Waste  American military has poured 100s of tons of sewage into protected coral lagoon on Britishowned Diego Garcia. It's 1 of world's most isolated & controversial military installations since Brits removed islanders to make way for US. US Companies Stashing $1.95 Trillion In Profits Overseas; tech companies such as Microsoft, Apple and IBM among the worst offenders. Massive AntiWar Demo in Moscow, Russia Forests Around Chernobyl Arent Decaying Properly Russian diplomat stabbed near embassy in Ottawa World's first solarpowered toilet set for India launch  The toilet has the capability of heating human waste to a high enough temperature to sterilise it and create biochar, a highly porous charcoal Fatal clashes as Ukraine dissolves Crimean parliament Ukraine cobbles together an army as fears of a Russian invasion grow. Volunteers in Kyiv flock to join a newlycreated national guard. Russia Sanctions Lithuania over Ukraine Russia Blocks Major Opposition Sites; Anonymous Russia Retaliates, Shuts Down Kremlin Site | TechPresident The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp sued 16 of the world's largest banks on Friday, accusing them of cheating dozens of other now defunct banks by manipulating the Libor interest rate. The global financial institutions broke certain swaps contracts they had entered into with the nowclosed banks. US sues 16 banks for rigging Libor rate North Korea becomes the second country, after Syria, to endorse Russian invasion of Ukraine Russian Paratroopers Land In Mainland Ukraine NASA industrial civilisation headed for 'irreversible collapse'? Russia Vetoes UN Resolution on Crimea's Future Every voting member except Russia who vetoed and China who abstained vote the Russian invasion of Crimea as illegal sending a strong unified message to Russia A doctor will stand trial for the first time in Egypt on charges of female genital mutilation, after a 13yearold girl died following an alleged operation in his clinic last year. Navy warship accidentally fires torpedo at nuclear dockyard in Plymouth The chemical makeup of a tiny, extremely rare gemstone has made researchers think there's a massive water reservoir, equal to the world's oceans, hundreds of miles under the earth A draft European law requiring all phones sold in the EU to be compatible with a common charger was approved by the European Parliament yesterday. Russia Is Preparing to Invade East Ukraine, Estonia Says MH370 US officials said that because two separate communication systems were shut down separately, the plane did not suffer a catastrophic accident. Sri Lanka bans Monsanto herbicide citing potential link to deadly kidney disease Russia blocks internet sites of Putin critics A Ukrainian army colonel has threatened to open fire on Russian marines unless given new and formal instructions to hold off by his nation's defense ministry. Radar data suggests missing Malaysia plane flown deliberately toward Andamans Kerry Gives Russia until Monday to Abandon Crimea. Threatens 'Serious Steps' If They Refuse. US Army to proceed with planned exercise in Ukraine Pentagon says flight came down in Indian Ocean. MH370 transmitted its location repeatedly to satellites over the course of five hours after it disappeared from radar, people briefed on the matter said, as searchers zeroed in on new target areas hundreds of miles west of the plane's original course. France Paris makes all public transport free in bid to cut spiralling pollution Algerian freed from Guantanamo after being held for 12 years without charge. Malaysian plane India to search uninhabited islands in Andaman Sea | World news UN human rights committee criticizes US for long list of human rights abuses from Guantnamo, drone strikes and NSA surveillance, to the death penalty, rampant gun violence and endemic racial inequality Russia Wipes Opposition Sites From The Internet Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Poland and Hungary Sign Military Pact (xpost /r/europe) Flamboyant billionaire in India jailed amid heightened scrutiny Last week, Indias Supreme Court locked up billionaire Subrata Roy in Tihar Jail in New Delhi and demanded at least $3 billion, to be returned to investors, to set him free. Japan hit by 6.3magnitude earthquake Serbian Paramilitaries Join ProRussian Forces in Crimea Toronto doctor smacks down U.S. Senate question on Canadian waitlist deaths Former Berlusconi secretary arrested with 24 kg of cocaine UFO sightings soar to new heights in Canada Over 900 Workers Have Already Died Building Qatars World Cup Facilities  The 'International Trade Union Confederation' says that if conditions dont improve, at least 4,000 migrants will die before kickoff Philippines agrees to let US forces have access to its military bases under new security deal More Than 900 Workers Have Already Died Building Qatars World Cup Facilities | The International Trade Union Confederation says that if conditions dont improve, at least 4,000 migrants will die before kickoff Putin's top aide mocks US sanctions 'The only thing that interests me about the US is Tupac, and I don't need a visa for that'. Putin on Western criticism They tell us that we are violating the norms of international law. First of all, it's good that they at least remember that international law exists TED Prize winner Rip veil off corporate criminals  Charmian Gooch, the anticorruption crusader who cofounded Global Witness, called Tuesday night for action to lift the veil on who owns corporations around the world. MH370 families dragged away from press conference amid claims they are being imprisoned in hotel rooms Ukrainian Defense Ministry military allowed to use arms to protect their lives after serviceman killed in Simferopol Russia has told the US that Western sanctions over the Crimea dispute are unacceptable, and has threatened consequences. Exdolphin fisherman says Japans hunt and slaughter not age old tradition China cuts power to North Korean island (Xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews) A man once believed to be one of Sweden's worst serial killers has been freed after spending two decades confined in a mental institution after a string of false murder confessions. Crimean Tatars Will Have to Vacate Land Russians reportedly attack two Ukrainian naval units in Crimea Taiwan's Parliament Building now occupied by citizens (xpost from r/taiwan) Israels defense minister (Moshe Yaalon) has signaled that his country has abandoned any hope that the United States will solve the Iranian nuclear crisis diplomatically and that he  in a reported reversal  would now support Israel taking unilateral military action against the Islamic Republic. Canadian Govt is Forcing Medical Marijuana Patients to Destroy Their Weed  Starting April 1, Canada's 40,000 medical marijuana patients will no longer be able to grow their own weed. Instead, they'll have to turn to the bigtime grow ops that are being built & regulated all across the country. German highspeed trains to be be delivered to five US states  German conglomerate Siemens has won a multimilliondollar US contract to build highspeed locomotives. Siemens outbid major US rivals in a tender aimed at establishing the first highspeed train services in the US. Ukrainian Prime Minister Yatseniuk has said the conflict in Crimea has moved from political to military stage. He has asked the defence minister to organize urgent meeting with Russian, British, US counterparts. Britain halts military cooperation and arms exports to Russia. In related news, Britain was selling arms to Russia American Film Crew Escapes Death in Ukraine (with video) London hospitals have treated 4000 patients for female genital mutilation since 2009 Moldova tells Russia don't eye annexation here Full EU Net Neutrality Proposal [pdf] Kazakhstan recognizes Crimean independence Turkish Airlines allegedly ships arms to Nigeria, tape reveals. An assistant executive of the airline is allegedly heard saying I do not know whether these (weapons) will kill Muslims or Christians. I feel sinful to Prime Minister Erdogan's advisor. The Great War is still killing two people dead and another two wounded in Ieper (Belgium) when a WW I shell explodes. Putin announces that Russia will annex Crimea into the Russian Federation Taliban denies MH370 involvement; We wish we had an opportunity to hijack such a plane, commander says. Russia Suspended From G8 Birth of the Universe detected by scientists.Proving that the universe expanded by 100 trillion trillion times, in less than the blink of an eye. Western powers begin process to hold Kim Jung Un accountable for crimes against humanity. Turkey Warns Russia it Will Blockade Bosphorus if Violence Occurs Shots fired, officer taken from Ukraine base in Crimea BBC A Russian exminister Alexander Pochinok dies aged 56, shortly after commenting that annexing Crimea would cost Russia trillions Japan to impose sanctions on Russia France warns Russia it could cancel warships deal France might cancel a controversial deal to sell two stateoftheart warships to Russia if Britain acts against Russian oligarchs in London, according to the French foreign minister . NSA surveillance program reaches into the past to retrieve, replay phone calls 'a surveillance system capable of recording 100 percent of a foreign countrys telephone calls, enabling the agency to rewind and review conversations as long as a month after they take place' Doku Umarov, antiRussian Chechen rebel leader, is dead Qatar World Cup 2022 investigation former Fifa vicepresident Jack Warner and family paid millions by Qatari firm. Australian VaccinationSkeptics Network loses its charity status for fundraising over misinformation claims Russian parliament mocks sanctions  asks US, EU to sanction all its members First Dozen U.S. Warplanes Arrive In Poland... Russia Deploys 6 SU27 fighters & 3military Rransport Jets to Belarus U.S. and U.K. Marked Enemies of the Internet. Press freedom group denounces spy agency surveillance in report. Burning fireball seen off the coast of the Canadian Maritimes overnight. It was a bright light and it lit up the whole sky [...] it was almost like a meteor but not the same. Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed a decree recognising Crimea as a sovereign and independent state Armed men, believed to be Russians,dig trenches near the Ukrainian military base in Perevalnoye 'It's great to be back' Last of Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan return home Russian truck manufacturer Kamaz has appealed to Russian, Ukrainian and Kazakhstan authorities for help in recovering a convoy of new trucks, intended for Kazakhstan, which was hijacked in Ukraine yesterday. Malaysia opposition leader Anwar admits MH370 pilot is his relative Voice of Russia announces that the chairman of the Transnistrian Parliament asked Russia to allow the breakaway Moldovan republic into the Russian Federation Absolutely certain Russia will invade rest of Ukraine  Ukrainian Admiral UK experiencing the worst disruption to services in decades as more than 2 million public sector workers stage a nationwide strike, closing schools and bringing councils and hospitals to a virtual standstill Suez Port Employees Reveal 21Ton US Tear Gas Order for Interior Ministry workers refuse to receive initial 7 ton shipment as the interior ministry looks to restock after firing tear gas at protesters in Egypt for six days last week Privacy is for paedos; fundamentally nobody else needs it  Paul McMullan at the Leveson Inquiry Australian state legalises samesex civil unions The UK is to expel all Iranian diplomats following the storming of its embassy in Tehran Occupy Montreal protesters branded by police with numbers only visible under a UV light Intelligence officials quoted as saying that satellite images show this week's reported blast at Iran's Isfahan nuclear plant was 'no accident.' Georgetown students about to release major paper that sheds light on Chinas tunnel system that may be hiding a large nuclear arsenal  Every year, 12,000 women and girls are trafficked from Nepal to a life of sexual servitude in India. Many can never go back.
 Hague says Iran will face 'severe consequences' over embassy attack
Foreign secretary says despite apology Tehran had breached Vienna convention in failing to protect a diplomatic mission
 In an impassioned speech, Poland appeals to Germany to save Europe Nigerian senate passes antigay bill, defying British aid threat Turkey imposes economic sanctions on Syria Belgium will finally have a federal government after the longest formation ever. The formation of a new federal governement took 538 days Norwegian disbelief at Breivik 'insanity' The Norwegian public, politicians and experts alike are expressing surprise at the verdict of the forensic psychiatrists assessing Anders Behring Breivik Presidential elections in South Ossetia result in surprise defeat for Moscow favorite; court annuls vote. Privacy is for paedos former News of the World man and tabloid veteran Paul McMullan. ...in 21 years of invading people's privacy I've never found anybody doing any good. BBC News  Eurozone unemployment rate rises to 10.3%. Youth unemployment in Spain rose to 48.9%. UK diplomats 'pull out of' Iran There is mounting speculation that the euro zone will break apart, or even that the single currency will be abandoned altogether. It often sounds as if such scenarios wouldn't be so bad for Germany. In fact the consequences would be catastrophic for Europe and for its largest economy.  Israel to release frozen PA funds   PM's office says it intends to unfreeze money after Palestinians halted unilateral moves at UN. UK expels Iran diplomats after embassy attack
 With the euro on the brink, all eyes are on Germany. Romano Prodi, a former Italian prime minister and the expresident of the European Commission, says in an interview that Germany, as the most powerful country on the Continent, must finally step up and show the courage to resolve the debt crisis. German exports reach record highs despite debt crisis  In 2011, over a trillion euro's worth of German goods were sold abroad. Deutsche Welle spoke to the head of the Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade and Services to find out whether next year will be as good. China says big climate deal is 'too much'
 b'How China and India Sabotaged the UN Climate Summit  Secret recordings obtained by SPIEGEL reveal how China and India prevented an agreement on tackling climate change at the crucial meeting. The powerless Europeans were forced to look on as the agreement failed.' b'Russian special forces storm oil tanker, free ship' b'A Russian MP has asked President Dmitry Medvedev to investigate claims by a regional president that he has met aliens on board a spaceship' b'Icelandic bank former CEO arrested  is this only the beginning?' b'BNP Candidate gets in a fistfight with some constituents.' b'Meet the 92 yearold teacher finally calling it a day' b'Kasab (caught Pakistani terrorist) gets death sentence on 4 counts, life on 5 counts for attack on Mumbai in 2008' b'Can someone please explain the British election?' b'Dutch try to ban pot sales to foreigners. Coffee shop owners argue the ban is against free trade regulations. Can free trade save stoners?' b'The UK Election, Live on the BBC.' b'Believe it or not, there are people in the world who find this picture obscene.' b'President of Nigeria Dies After Long Illness   NYTimes.com(Expect emails if your related)' b'Tall girls, more cattle A Sudanese tribal chief explains one of the realities of his village, where daughters are still traded for longhorns.' b'Mumbai attack gunman Qasab sentenced to death ' b'Catholic Brazilian archbishop said adolescents are spontaneously homosexual and that society today is pedophile, that is the problem. So, people easily fall into it' b'The Italian island ofunemployment' b'Former CEO of Icelands failed Kaupthing Bank arrested' b'Magnitude 6.4 quake hits southern Peru' b'France more dangerous than Greece for EU economy  The French economy is in deep trouble as well, and the importance of such an economic giant within the eurozone is far and far greater.' b'Brazilian archbishop said adolescents are spontaneously homosexual and in need of guidance' b'U.K. is broke.  Call in the IMF to tell us how bad it really is.  nThe next government needs the backing of the big boys to drive through cuts. Its much worse than we think' b'The Mother of All Bubbles Huge National Debts Could Push Euro Zone into Bankruptcy' b'Paraguay orders company to stop bulldozing forest that is home to a group of AyoreoTotobiegosode, the last group of uncontacted Indians outside the Amazon basin' b'Settlers clash with Israeli forces razing West Bank homes  Haaretz Daily Newspaper | Israel News' b'The French navy has closed in on the black boxes of an Air France jet that crashed in the Atlantic nearly a year ago raising hope that light will be shed on the disaster that left 228 dead.' Power grids fail, leaving 600 million without power in India  A Stradivarius violin  possibly worth several million pounds  has been handed in at a Swiss lostproperty office after a hapless musician left it on a train.  Auschwitz era ends  A spokesperson for Auschwitz museum says the last surviving member of a group of prisoners that escaped the German Nazi concentration camp in 1942 has died. Story of a Chinese woman who found over 30 babies abandoned in the trash North Korea Now Under Control of Kim JongUn's Uncle Chinas Sex Worker Warrior Ye Haiyan Fights for Prostitutes Rights
  She campaigns to improve conditions & end discrimination for Chinas sex workers & AIDS victims scorned by society & abused by authorities. Her bid for empathy has even led her to work as a prostitute in a lowcost brothel. India Village Fears Being Swallowed by the Earth  

Residents, who live above coal fires that steadily consume the ground under their feet, say they are being sacrificed to corporate interests. In the 1960s  Indonesia's President Suharto, a majorgeneral at the time, led a military campaign that wipedout perhaps half a million people. It was covered up until recently. Many were completely innocent of any crime.  Police seize $500million worth of crystal meth and heroin. How WikiLeaks Revitalized Brazil's Media  
Cablegate did not just reveal secrets, it inspired a new culture of investigative journalism. US embassy in Norway evacuated due to bomb scare Power blackouts in half of India Highres photos show Syria's largest city at war. London 2012 G4S security guard accused of spitting at soldier and calling him 'baby killer' at Olympic archery event
 The sleepy hamlet of Mittenwalde in eastern Germany could become one of the richest towns in the world if Berlin were to repay it an outstanding debt that dates back to 1562. A certificate of debt...attests that Mittenwalde lent Berlin 400 guilders...to be repaid with six percent interest per year Ancient human figure unearthed in Turkey China Keeps Buying Irans Oil as U.S. and EU Intensify Sanctions. Mass blackout strikes India for second day France Passes a Tougher Sexual Harassment Law. From now on, making sexual jokes, hugging a reluctant employee or looking insistently at a young lady up and down will become reprehensible acts in France.  Italy Worries Sicily's Woes Could Have Ripple Effect  Eurozone crisis has led to sharp spending cuts &, with an economy based on public sector wages, it's being called Italy's Greece. Worried about contagion, the Rome govt is dictating tough bailout conditions similar to those  imposed on Greece.  Drought and wild fires destroy Russian harvest The long road back Fed up, struggling Jurez business owner takes stand, stops paying 'quotas' Israel to end draft exemptions for ultraOrthodox  Israel's defense minister instructed the military on Tuesday to start drafting ultraOrthodox Jewish men like other Israelis  but it could take a while to implement. Rebels claim victory in Syria's alBab town Opposition claims to have pushed regime forces from what they say was military's last urban base outside Aleppo city. UK police arrest man over Olympic tweets b'No wonder the Greeks are FURIOUS. You'd be mad, too, if your austerity had to pay for the gambling losses of rich bank... Hey, wait a sec...' b'Thought you should know... 3,235,000 gallons of oil have spilled into the Gulf of Mexico so far.' b'Medvedev denounces Stalin for mass crimes against the Russian people  President Medvedev has issued a stinging repudiation of the Soviet Union, condemning it as a totalitarian state that had deprived Russians of their basic rights.' b'Iran President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Osama Bin Laden Is in Washington, D.C.' b'If a candidate in the UK election gets less than 5%  of the vote, they lose their 500 deposit. How much  has this election cost the BNP? I made an app to  find out.' b'Vietnam, 35 years later  The Big Picture' Israeli General 'tried to cover up truth about death of Rachel Corrie' Hezbollah says it's ready for fresh war with Israel  and stronger now b'Archival Discovery Reveals a Ruined Berlin  Forgotten for decades, a trove of postwar photographs from 1945 has recently been unearthed. The snapshots illustrate the devastation of the German capital and capture the desperation of the city in the weeks after the end of World War II.' Scottish island 'crime' would be first in 40 years b'What happened today was no fat finger it was simply the impact of everyone in the HFT community going from port to starboard on the boat, at precisely the same time.' b'UK Voters declare their anger as thousands are turned back at polling station door' b'Argentina denounces British pirates after oil discovery in Falklands waters' b'Oil Struck near Falklands Islands, UK Defense Minister Claims Legitimate right to the oil' b'Germany says the Allied victory in World War II was a liberation' b'Monks with Guns' b'On a positive note, Britain elects the first Green Party MP' b'Nick Clegg Party with most seats to govern [meaning I will work to form a coalition with the conservative party first]' b'Greek Protest Dog' b'Seven new albino killings have been reported in Tanzania and Burundi amid signs that the lucrative trade in their body parts has not waned' b' Is there anyone from New Zealand out there? Just interested to know your views on proportional representation as it could become a possibility for the UK' b'Gulf of Mexico oil slick Sarah Palin fuels antiBritish sentiment' b'Let me get this clear, the Greeks DO NOT RETIRE AT 54. Here is just one link to prove it.' b'War No More Swiss government to debate whether army still needs to be able to fend off attack' b'Germany votes to bail out Greece'  Germany Breaks 25% Renewable Energy Barrier  It produced 67.9 billion kWh renewable energy in 1st 1/2 of 2012, an increase of 19.5% from last year. The world's top market for power converted from solar radiation, its installed capacity accounts for over 1/3 of global total. Tens of thousands including teachers and parents pushing strollers took to Hong Kong streets Sunday to protest the upcoming introduction of Chinese patriotism classes they fear will lead to brainwashing, the latest sign of growing discomfort over Beijing's influence in the semiautonomous territory. Pussy Riot Our arrest signals start of repression campaign to spread fear. Members of punk band who performed antiPutin song in Russias main cathedral plead not guilty. Its the start of repressive authoritarian campaign which aims to hamper publics political activity and build a sense of fear Couple stoned to death in Mali for having sex outside marriage Philippines birth control Filipinos want it, priests don't  In the Philippines, access to contraceptives is limited for the most part to those with the means to pay. The Catholic Church has fought a reproductive health bill in the legislature that would change that. South America finds a path to drug legalization. Pirate Bay Renames Itself to Olympic Bay, Steals Tagline Britain just signed a 25 year contract to let a private company take care of their nuclear stockpile. Uruguay Considers Legalizing Marijuana to Stop Traffickers Beijing's Real Olympic Hero Meet Ji Sizun, imprisoned for three years for daring to take China's promises of greater openness at the 2008 Games at face value. Deadly Ebola Virus Reaches Ugandan Capital Two Journalists Freed by Syrian Rebels After Weeklong Ordeal  Mr. Oerlemans said their captors apparently included no Syrian fighters, but instead jihadists from Bangladesh, Britain, Chechnya and Pakistan.  Female punk band goes on trial in Russia for Putin protest Air pollution turns Beijing into Greyjing Four Iranians Sentenced to Death Over $2.3 Bln Bank Fraud Pussy Riot will Vladimir Putin regret taking on Russia's cool women punks? Israeli troops kill Palestinian at checkpoint In Israel, at least 7 people have set themselves on fire over the last two weeks. Christchurch, New Zealand rebuild plans unveiled today to take advantage of this unprecedented opportunity to build a brand new modern city from scratch after the devastating earthquakes last year.  Iraq Police Training $200 Million Wasted On Police Development Program, Auditors Say Cat electrocuted; East Delhi goes powerless for 24 hours Across Latin America, leaders appalled by the spread of drugrelated violence are mulling policies that would have once been inconceivable. Uruguay Considers Legalizing Marijuana to Stop Traffickers  NYTimes.com In India, Anna Hazare again drawing crowds against corruption  

Thousands are once again assembling around antigraft campaigner Anna Hazare in New Delhi, setting up another major distraction for India's beleaguered government. Syrian troops vow to 'purge' Aleppo of rebels as assault continues  Syrian troops fired tank shells and artillery Sunday at neighbourhoods in Aleppo as rebels tried to repel a government ground assault against their positions in Syrias largest city, activists said. When the Soviets had leaking oil wells they couldn't seal, they nuked them b'Iran offers to help contain US oil spill' b'Europe to Lift Airplane Liquids Ban in 2013' b'Woman becomes first in Italy to be fined 430 for wearing burqa' b'Jessica Watson, 16 year old, nears the end of her solo round the world yacht journey' b'British Government cannot use secret evidence in Guantnamo torture case, British appeal court rules' b'Army to be sued for war crimes over its role in  Fallujah attacks' b'6.4magnitude quake strikes Chile' b'Nepal as a country is shut down due to a Maoist strike' b'I Was Wrong About Israel' b'Settlers torch West Bank mosque.  ARSONISTS torched a mosque in the north of the occupied West Bank before dawn local time today in an attack blamed on Jewish settlers. ' Arab states Israel's nuclear program is destabilizing Mideast  Haaretz Daily Newspaper | Israel News b'North Korea and Israel have a lot in common. Neither is a signatory to the Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty (NPT), and both employ their nuclear weapons in elaborate games of peekaboo with the international community.' b'First Australian since 1952 to win world snooker championship' Greece's swollen bureaucracy is taking the hardest hits as the country struggles to fix its failing economy. Civil servants are responding with massive strikes. But critics say the country's public sector is inefficient, expensive and hopelessly overstaffed. b'European court weighs cannabis ban for foreigners  A Dutch city has banned foreigners from its cannabisselling coffee shops. A European court will now decide whether this is legal.' It looks like BP will be on the hook for the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.  Great.  That's progress.  Now lets get the Wall Street firms that engineered the financial crisis to pay for the mess they created too. b'Chaos breaks out at a dutch memorial service. ' b'   Children in Sweden have best lives  ' b'Chinese Govt. restricting access and information about school attacks.' b'Russia's president, Dmitry Medvedev, today ordered an urgent inquiry into why a prisoner who died last week in custody was refused medical treatment  with doctors advising her to sleep standing up.' Ahmadinejad Calls U.S. Arsenal Disclosure 'Positive' The Myth Of The 'Greatest Generation' The History Of Allied War Crimes In WWII  The issue of war crimes is an incredibly sensitive one. But, in this case, the evidence is overwhelming. I hate Tories. And yes, it's tribal  b'Settlers torch mosque  stay classy Israel!' b'Why would a former Guantanamo Bay prison guard track down two of his former captives  two British men  and agree to fly to London to meet them?' Barred from using lead in children's jewelry because of its toxicity, some Chinese manufacturers have been substituting the more dangerous heavy metal cadmium in sparkling charm bracelets and shiny pendants. Israelis use clever 'Catch22' ruse to put thousands of Palestinians between a rock and a hard place, then destroy their homes and schools to make room for an Israeli Military 'training area' in an 'occupied territory' outside of Israel's own border. b'Michael Chertoff, Former Department of Homeland Security, is the head of the Chertoff Group, the lead cheerleader for what is being called the Full Body Scanner Lobby  Chertoff is also the spokesman for Rapiscan a body scanner manufacturer.' b'Italians fight back against surveillance society by publicizing the location of CCTV cameras  and to out those set up illegally' b'Stopandsearch powers ruled illegal by European court' b'UK Stop and search powers ruled illegal by  European court' b'Bolivian Government To Produce Coca Colla  Its The Real Thing From Coca Leaves' b'Avatar audience is being depressed because the Pandora world is unachievable.' b'Islam4UK to be banned, says UK Home secretary, takes effect this Thursday if parliament agrees' b'You might wonder why U.S. military drone strikes kill so many civilians.  It will all become clear, once you learn whom the CIA relies upon to identify targets...' Piracy isn't all bad. Kenya fishermen see the upside more fish. An investigation in the Netherlands has concluded that the Dutch government's support of the invasion of Iraq had no legal backing and did not fully inform parliament about its plans in the runup to the conflict. b'In Britain you can now be arrested for writing an email you did not write, because it contains a word that rhymes with another word that some official thinks is racist, but no one complained about. ' b'Israeli Prime Minister we will never share Jerusalem with Palestinians' b'Iraq invasion violated international law Dutch inquiry finds that invasion was not justified under UN resolutions' b'Annoyed about your bottle of water not being allowed on a plane? To this woman, it was a bottle of diabetes transplant cells.' b'Taliban may be descended from Jews' Christiane Amanpour does a shamefully bad job of holding Robert Mugabe to account for his actions.  Couldn't they have found someone familiar enough with the situation to answer his propaganda?  A pathetic interview. b'Britain is criminalizing membership in Islam4UK, a radical Islamic group that has incited outrage by planning a protest march through the streets of a town made famous for its somber ceremonies honoring British soldiers killed in Afghanistan. ' Nigeria's missing president the country hasn't seen him for more than 50 days, leaving a leadership void b'Iranian nuclear physicist killed in bombing. With love from Mossad.' b'Despite more than a dozen international conventions banning slavery in the past 150 years, there are more slaves today than at any point in human history.' b'H1N1Gate Big Pharma, WHO triggered organized panic, European health head claims.' b'China operates what is, by several measures, the world's fastest rail line WuGuang line trains clocked peak speeds of up to 394 kph, averaging  312kph in nonstop runs four times daily' First Miner hoisted to freedom in Chile A Mexican police commander investigating the reported shooting of an American tourist on a border lake was decapitated and his head was found in a suitcase outside a Mexican Army base Chinese communist elders issue free speech appeal Four teenagers charged on hate crime against beating a Muslim kid who they called a terrorist. Goodbye Great Recession. Hello bedlam As 2010 ends, global security is nosediving Mass protests shake French government. Over three million workers marched against unpopular pension cuts Tuesday, as the political establishment fears a radicalization of workers struggles that could escape the control of the trade unions. Former KGB officer says Britain should stop trying to extradite him for Alexander Litvinenko's poisoning 38 tigers and 134 leopards have been killed this year in India by poachers Iraq vet who rescued the wounded children after the Wikileaks Collateral Murder incident was denied mental counselling by commanding officers.  RightWing Attitudes On the Rise in Germany A Mexican police commander investigating the disappearance of an American tourist on a border lake plagued by pirates was killed, U.S. and Mexican officials said Tuesday. The San Antonio ExpressNews is reporting that Rolando Flores' head was delivered to the Mexican military in a suitcase. Chinese Scientists behaving badly | Recent events show China needs to clean up its scientific act The rescued miners may stand to make a tidy sum from book and newspaper deals, but noone has profited more from their ordeal than Chiles president, Sebastian Pinera.  Italy to combat prostitution by cutting trees. India to help Vietnam enhance, upgrade its armed forces 43 die after bus ignores warning, collides with train in Ukraine Suspected US missiles strikes kill 11 in Pakistan China's Wind Power To Grow FiveFold In Next Decade Threeyearold Iraqi child saved in Israel Following lifesaving surgery for inborn heart defect, child's mother says We love Israel, not afraid to return to Iraq Nazi Reenactor Just Tip of the Iceberg The GOPs 
Long History with Nazi Allies The bizarre trial of Dutch political leader Geert Wilders, for having allegedly insulted Islam and incited hatred against Muslims, may have major long term repercussions on Europe.  You may not agree with his politics, but his trial will be a watershed for European democracy. Rescuer Descends Into Chile Mine Shaft  NYT Dan Plesch of the Centre for International Studies U.K.'s military spending on the chopping block. The cashstrapped United Kingdom has been cutting programs and services left and right, including military spending.  Pushed to alleviate security concerns before the citys doublebilling on the international stage, Rio officials have embarked on an ambitious plan to wrest control of the slums, such as City of God, from ruthless drug gangs who ruled for years with big guns and abject terror. Pension Reform Protest  Third Wave of Strikes Shuts Down France b'Please go to www.redcross.org and donate at least $10 to help out the people of haiti. I know the reddit community can make a difference!' b'Haiti how your donation could hurt  After every major disaster, misguided donations actually worsen the suffering' b'China gives first response to Google threat Internet is open to business according to the law' b'Holy shit. We just saw a gigantic shark eat what looked like a person in front of our house, that shark was huge. Like dinosaur huge.' b'Researchers identify command servers behind Google attack' b'British cops videotaped sledding on their riot shields' b'Russia's government has launched a crusade against alcohol abuse, describing it as a national disaster' b'US editor banned from entering Israel' Family shut out of their home by squatters who moved in over Christmas. Now risk becoming homeless because they cannot afford both the mortgage and rent for another property. Police tells them are 'racist' for questioning the squatters' right to live in Britain on benefits. 'Israel is losing the media war to Al Jazeera'  b'Fleet of rogue jet aircraft regularly crisscrossing the Atlantic Ocean linked to Al Qaeda' b'Two men who showed no mercy to their own grandfather as they tortured him in south London have been jailed for life for his murder.'  Israel restricts Palestinian lawyers' access to West Bank detainees Haiti 'cursed by pact with devil' says US evangelical broadcaster Pat Robertson b'Pat Robertson Cites Haitis Earthquake As What Happens When You Swear A Pact To The Devil true story...' b'Haiti the land where children eat mud. This was *before* the earthquake.' b'BBC News  Should we be free to criticise serving soldiers?' b'Remember the Lawyer that recorded a video posted in youtube saying that the president of Guatemala was going to kill him and then was killed? International investigation finds that the murder was actually planned by himself. WTF' Partners in Health, a major nonprofit based in Haiti's Central Plateau, is currently absorbing and providing care for much of the flow out of PortauPrince.  Here is their page on the situation. b'University Prof Tim Lang forecasts a perfect storm as population growth, diminishing resources and climate change that will create shortages in food, water and energy.' b'Turkey warns Lebanon that Israel may be planning attack' b'Since zebras are too expensive to bring in to Gaza, the owner of a local zoo has painted his white donkeys, to the delight of local children.' b'A man who was trying to help a woman get back her stolen purse stabbed to death Unbelievable robbers killed a man for a handbag!' b'Pakistan is fast moving from being a waterstressed country to a waterscarce country, mainly due to its high population growth and water is becoming a key development issue.' b'Haiti scams are spreading experts. (If you know of any, or have useful information for others, here might be a good place to post them)' Greeks Struggle with SickMan Status  They've emptied their bank accounts, abandoned vacations and started taking the bus. Now, they fear for their jobs The Greeks bemoan the difficult crisis that has taken over their country. Above all, they feel humiliated by Germany. b'At least three people have been killed in the Greek capital as protesters set fire to a bank during a general strike over planned austerity measures.' b'This was news to me apparently Nick Clegg speaks Dutch fluenty  Arjen van der Horst interviews Nick Clegg in Dutch [video]' b'Three dead in Greek riots.' b'Greece brought to halt by general strike over cuts' b'Argentina passes gay marriage bill including adoption of children' I'm in Athens this week. Here are my photos from today's protest/riot at Parliament. Johan Hari travelled to the council that David Cameron's described as a 'model' of conservatism to see what his 'Big Society' will do to Britain. This harrowing article will make you think twice about voting for the Tories. b'Child pornography is great. It is great because politicians understand child pornography. By playing that card, we can get them to act, and start blocking sites. And once they have done that, we can get them to start blocking file sharing sites.' b'Video of SWAT Raid on Missouri Family' b'Greek general strike halts flights, trains, ferries and paralyzes public services as unions protest spending cut.' Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, President of Russia's Kalymkia region, says in TV interview he has met ET's and had been on their spaceship. b'Woman in burqa puts flight, airport on alert  ' b'What do the oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico and the Greek crisis have in common? Both are manmade disasters. But while BP plans to shoulder the costs of the catastrophe it has caused, the financial wizards behind the euro crisis are not being held to account.' b'Massive Riots in Greece Against Harsh Financial Cuts Three Reported Killed' BBC News  India Supreme court says truth drug test 'illegal' b'Numerous groups of pirates are currently holding more than 350 hostages as well as about 20 ships at various bases around the country' b'All university educated Prime Ministers who have won an election since 1935 went to Oxford' b'Eyjafjallajokull is back Flights grounded as volcanic ash cloud returns' b'Greece riots 100,000 fight against harsh cuts in Athens financial crisis protests ' b'Sir Elton John has been banned from performing in Egypt over his views on homosexuality and religion' b'Sudan Fresh Clashes Erupt in Darfur' b'Settlers intend to vandalize mosques, defense  officials learn ' b'Job interviews for imams in Israel arenconducted by the Shin Bet, Israels secretnpolice, not senior clerics ' b'Screaming man causes mass panic at Dutch war memorial' France Calls for Cancellation of Haiti's Debt b'Photoshop Disaster [featuring FBI]' b'Australia is safe once again. Female Ejaculation Films To Be Banned In Australia  Thank you, you fucking fundamentalist christian lunatics that have nothing better to do. That is all. ' b'Hate crime increases in areas with BNP councillors.' b'British Legislator Israelis who authorized the use of white phosphorous in densely populated Gaza should be tried for war crimes' b'Just what is China? Pretty strong opinion piece on the country, its practices economic and political, and its essential nature.' Businessman Mirko Fischer sues British Airwars 'for  treating men like perverts' Bah's in Iran face execution 6 Years Ago Haiti asked for Reparations.  A call for $21 billion from France aims to lift Haiti's bicentennial blues. b'Canada to give immigration priority to Haiti earthquake survivors' b'Desperation grows Mass grave found outside PortauPrince ' Prominent Chinese civil rights lawyer Gao Zhisheng has 'disappeared' while in the custody of the Beijing Public Security Bureau.  They claim not to know where he is. b'Haiti says 200,000 may be dead, tensions rise' b'Iraq erasing Jewish heritage sites; plan to build mosque atop tomb of Ezekiel' Alibaba says Yahoo 'reckless' on Google stance b'Jeremy Scahill  The poor are left to suffer and die, and the Rich bring in their mercenaries. Blackwater was paid 950$ per man per day by the Department of Homeland security at a time when the average people in New Orleans were dying of starvation' b'Had they truncheoned the civilian who filmed them to the ground, the unwritten police form book suggests they might have expected tightlipped support from their superiors' b'Amazing footage of a baby rescued after being buried in Rubble for 3 days in Haiti [Vid]' b'Hope for Haiti  Solar Powered Rural Health Hospitals Saving Lives Now' b'Haiti earthquake With an eye to both short and longterm needs, IFRC increases appeal to 100 million USD' b'Fidel Castro The lesson of Haiti' Haiti's Earthquake Destruction TIME Exclusive Photographs  b'Operation Pierre Pan May Start at Miami Hospitals ' b'The RussiaBelarus Oil Dispute and Western Oil Supplies' b'Israeli ultraorthodox rail against net use  Sensing a threat, the rabbis have forced the closure of several ultraorthodox websites.' b'It never ceases to amaze me that in times of amazing human suffering somebody says something that can be so utterly stupid, White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said about Pat Robertson's Haiti Remarks' b'Researchers confirm that the Chinese goverment was behind the attack on Google. the government of China has been engaged for months in a massive campaign of industrial espionage against US companies.' b'Haiti 48 hours later  The Big Picture' b'Political Massacre of 57 people in the Philippines He shot the victims as soon as they were brought to him. They were on their knees, crying and shouting for mercy. Those killed included 30 reporters and news media workers.  ' b'David Nutt  the sacked drugs panel chief  start own Independent Scientific Committee on Drugs to rival governments own panel.' b'OiNK Admin Found Not Guilty, Walks Free' Naomi Klein don't let the disaster capitalists exploit the Haiti disaster. Countries in periods of extreme crisis are desperate for any kind of aid and are not in a position to negotiate fairly the terms of that exchange. Remember that 'woman warned by UK police for carrying a knife in her own home' story? Guess what  it's not quite as simple as that! b'Chinese human rights activist, Feng Zhenghu, has been camping out, sleeping on a bench and surviving on handouts at the Narita International Airport in Japan since Nov. 4, 2009.' b'Haiti apocalypse More doctors, fewer journalists man yelled angrily at a foreign media crew. Gunfire is echoing across the capital, as survivors endure a third night on the streets with little food, water or medical supplies' b'Google agrees to take down Encyclopedia Dramatica link to page about Aboriginals.' b'Canadians, donate money to help in Haiti and your government will match your contribution!' b'How Haiti, the most profitable French colony, became such a desperate and destitute country.' b'Arctic permafrost leaking methane at record levels, figures show' b'Finland aims to eliminate smoking' b'10 Satellite Photos of Haiti Before and After the Earthquake ' b'Clerics threaten to declare holy war if foreign troops land on Yemeni soil' b'Uganda president slows antigay bill  President Museveni urges caution on controversial bill, citing foreign policy' b'Japan Ends Naval Support for Afghan War' JP Morgan's $9bn payout stokes bonus fury  b'Revealed The ghost fleet of the recession anchored just east of Singapore' b'Israeli travel to Turkey dropped 44% in 2009' b'Belgium beer dispute hits supply of Stella Artois' b'Ecuador We are drawing up an inventory of all the unproductive private lands to distribute  around one and a half million hectares. This is why they are desperate to destabilise us so quickly. With an unequal distribution of income, price represents not the intensity of preference.' b'Mongolia to abolish the death penalty' b'Terrorism has killed fewer people in the last 30 years than Americans with handguns in the last eight months.  Meanwhile  More people will die in Haiti this week than Hiroshima. Our perspective of events is warped.' b'Pennies for Haiti, Billions for Israel' b'French government minister accused the Americans of trying to occupy Haiti instead of helping it' b'Amnesty International Israel collectively punishing Gaza by restricting the entry of food, medical supplies, educational equipment and building materials' b'BBC News  Mauritania fatwa bans female genital mutilation' b'Not the Onion IDF saves one baby in Haiti, prevents scores of Palestinians from reaching Hospital in Gaza' Cuba's Rescue Effort in Haiti b'Worst modern earthquake happened in China with over 242k dead in 1976. They then refused all aid.' Monsanto strikes again! Indian government approves commercial release of genetically modified brinjal or aubergine (Bt brinjal). Storm of protests from activists and farmers' groups b'Haiti  No, Mister! You Cannot Share My Pain!' b'Islamic Solidarity Games, due to be held in Iran, called off because of a dispute with Arab countries over what to call the Gulf' b'A brief history of US involvement in Haiti. From the coup against Aristide to the US occupation of Haiti from 1915 to 1934.' b'90year old Canada history magazine changes name. What was wrong with The Beaver?' We can't defeat Taliban with the military UK Army chief b'Haiti's elite spared from much of the devastation But we did okay here. We have everything cleaned up inside. We are ready to open. We just need some security. So send in the Marines, okay? WTF?!' b'Unlike Qatar, Iran and Jordan, Saudi Arabia is not providing any assistance at all to the people of Haiti.' b'Charlie Brooker Years ago, I had an idea for a futuristic pair of goggles that visually transformed homeless people into lovable animated cartoon characters.' b'Chinese Snowstorm over 100,000 homes damaged or destroyed in Xinjiang' b'Among those who need to be subpoenaed are the former president and vicepresident of the United States.' b'Chavez orders takeover of French hypermarket chain' b'Casper the commuting cat killed by hitandrun driver' b'A bit of honesty from a politician British MP Israel and Egypt's blockade of Gaza is 'evil'. Israeli officials who authorized the use of white phosphorous in denselynpopulated Gaza should be tried for war crimes, a British Labour Partynlegislator said Friday...' b'Somali pirates collect $5.57 million ransom  and are almost immediately attacked by another band of pirates.' b'Chavez says U.S. occupying Haiti in name of aid' b'Palestinians are offering donations and financial support for the victims of Haiti's devastating earthquake We feel for them the most because we were exposed to our own earthquake during Israel's war on Gaza' b'Sandra Bullock gives $1 million to Haiti relief' b'Australia has nearly unlocked Medieval trait Film  distributors are alarmed by new laws that quietly  came into effect in South Australia this week  restricting the promotion and display of Rrated  movies such as Fight Club.' b'Senegal offers land to Haitians' b'Adults in Scotland are drinking the equivalent of 46 bottles of vodka each in a year, a study has suggested.' b'Cuban health team that Bush refused to allow in New Orleans after Katrina is serving in Haiti' Heavily armed gang members who once ran Haiti's largest slum like warlords have returned with a vengeance since the earthquake damaged the National Penitentiary allowing 3,000 inmates to break out b'Romania to introduce fat tax, in battle against obesity ' Iran's political winds are shifting  b'Inside noted ring of diamond thieves  Pink Panthers talk about their spectacular heists estimated at $350 million.' Seed Vault will store frozen seed samples to protect the world's food supply from natural disasters and war. b'Anger at US builds at PortauPrince airport' b'Spanish lawmaker horrified to learn that the FBI used an online photograph of him to create an image showing what Osama bin Laden might look like today' b'We ripped license plates off cars to use as splints. We took shirts off of people to use as tourniquets ' b'Senegal offers land to Haitians' b'South Korean teacher beats atrisk students with shovel; shouts profanity at them; berates them if theyre failing... and the students love him ' b'US prevents arrival of Caribbean aid team in Haiti' b'German government warns against using MS Explorer' b'Italy proposes mandatory licenses for people who upload video' b'Associated Press Numerous firebombed churches = rum bottle thrown at mosque' b'Iranian dissident Masoud Ali Mohammadi killed by Arab hitman?' b'Gender Testing Hangs Before the Olympic Games as a Vexing Mess' b'Swede gives 100 million SEK, about $14 million USD, to help Haiti children' The UK's softcrime initiative is now a multimillionpound industry parking fines levied last year totalled 330m, with another 100m from speed cameras. b'Girl killed, 4,000 homeless in Manila slum fire ' Sarkozy backs off Muslim veil ban It's 'unworkable'  b'Haiti Struck By Major Earthquake for 2nd Time in 8 Days' b'We've all seen and heard reports of complaints that Americans were not letting the aid in, and now I understand why.' 'The world does not welcome the White Houses Google'  China has signalled a change of approach to the Google crisis, with state media describing the companys threat to pull out of the country as a political conspiracy by the US government. b'Air France may bar obese passengers from flights' Remember the guy who was jailed in the UK in December for hitting an intruder with a cricket bat? He's been freed by appeal.  Israel 'pushing aid groups out' of Palestinian areas b'FBI arrests 22, US, UK and Israeli weapons dealers in a massive sting operation' b'Palestinian President proposes that the Obama administration negotiate the final borders of a Palestinian state with Israel' b'How my father went from the prison of the shah to the prison of Khamenei. Right now, he is in solitary confinement in Evin prison in Tehran' b'Iraq war illegal, Tony Blair aide said nAide to British PM secretly warned Iraq war would be illegal in 2002.' b'One in a million the girl in a tartan dress who symbolises the orphan crisis facing Haiti.' b'Two brothers, aged 10 and 12, tortured victims aged 9 and 11. Absolutely sick. [BBC News]' The NHS in England provides better value for money than elsewhere in the UK, a research group's study suggests. b'Chinese Communist Party The Dictactorship of Talent' China's Baidu sues U.S. company over cyberattack b'An MIT urban design expert explains why devastated cities are nearly always rebuilt  but why Haiti faces special challenges to reconstruction.' Toronto Hydro admits it can't control stray voltage, asks residents to tread carefully lest they or their children are stung by electricity coursing below city sidewalks... wtf?! b'Mexico City to punish tweets on police checkpoints' b'6.1magnitude earthquake hit Haiti Wednesday morning.' Iran's political winds are shifting  Is the government on the verge of collapse? b'Mother jailed for murdering braindamaged son  this is fucked' b'The New York Times is to make frequent readers pay to view their content. I wonder how long that will last?' b'Olympic ski resort in Whistler seized by lenders!!!  To be auctioned off in the middle of the freakin Olympics!!' b'UNICEF warns against rushing to adopt Haitian children.' b'Something seems odd about the SEED Emergency Housing Shipping Containers for Haiti...' b'More than 3,000 European Jews, including prominent intellectuals, have signed a petition speaking out against Israeli settlement policies and warning that systematic support for the Israeli government is dangerous.' b'North Korean sense of humour' b'New luxury prison in Norway' b'Greek Wealth Is Everywhere, Just Not on Tax Forms  Tax investigators studied satellite photos of the area where 324 residents checked the box on their tax returns admitting that they owned pools and came back with a decidedly different number 16,974 pools.' b'Brazil and Norway, two other major oilproducing nations require an acoustic switch on their wells as lastresort protection against underwater spills. The U.S. considered requiring a remotecontrolled shutoff mechanism several years ago but guess what...' Mexico's crime syndicates increasingly target authorities in drug war's new phase Island of music and murder, With 268 armed gangs or neighbourhood 'corner crews' locked in deadly turf wars, Jamaica is one of the most violent societies on earth. b'South Korea vows to retaliate over warship sinking' b'Question about the Greek debt. What did they spend all that money on?' b'France admits killing Afghan kids, The French army has admitted killing four children with a missile strike in a Talibancontrolled area of Afghanistan.' b'Nuclear submarines went to sea with potentially disastrous defect.  British vessels Turbulent and Tireless allowed to leave port with safety valves sealed off, risking catastrophic explosion, leaked memo reveals.' b'What does it mean for Greece? Well to start with Civil servants will lose up to two months in wages, with salaries and pensions being frozen during the threeyear programme.' b'At least 45 dead in Somalia mosque attack' Bolivia has nationalised at least four power companies, expanding state control over the Latin American nation's key industries. b'Electoral dysfunction Why democracy is always unfair  Ensuring a free vote is a matter for the law. Making elections fair is more a matter for mathematicians. ' b'The UK is getting ready to use a new type of speed cameras that can calculate a motorists speed using satellites.' Does this makes sense?  Radical tax on debt put to parties  Households should pay a new tax on every pound of debt they owe, according to one of Britain's leading economists.  Maoist strike shuts down Nepal; gov't urges talks b'Thousands across the globe stage marches, protests on May Day' Even Israel's biggest lovers are growing impatient. b'Andy Borowitz Goldman Sachs Reveals it Shorted Gulf of Mexico' b'A man has been arrested over an alleged 300,000 fraud and moneylaundering operation which led to the closure of a charity founded by Prince Charles' b'Increasingly powerful Conservative grassroots organisation numbers 37 prospective candidates among its members' b'15,000 kids skip school to protest oil pollution in Kuwait' BA caught short as all airliner's toilets fail b'Christian preacher arrested for saying homosexuality is a sin' b'Israeli documents detailing the collective punishment over Gazans revealed Large range of goods currently forbidden to enter Gaza are jam, chocolate, wood for furniture, fruit juice, textiles, and plastic toys' b'Iran offers help in fighting Gulf of Mexico oil leak' b'Kim Jongil is in China trying to negotiate desperately needed food aid.' b'This is what you do with terrorists. Give them a fair trial and convict them.' b'Greece erupts as men from IMF prepare to wield axe' Charlie Brooker Which leader's public persona do you prefer? b'Journalist freed from Gaza jail (with a We know where you live) vows to fight for imprisoned journalists' b'Ireland to reimpose flight bans' b'Deepwater Horizon oil spill turtle deaths soar amid fight to save wildlife (The picture accompanying this article makes me so sad...)' b'Human trafficking and sex slavery take place at the doorstep of the South African World Cup Stadiums, but FIFA looks away, says Benjamin Skinner, author of A crime so monstrous ' Europe's Amazing Web Of Debt Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi talked to the SPIEGEL about his friendship with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, the 'youthful exuberance' of his sons, and why he thinks Switzerland is a mafia. b'Pakistani Man Convicted in 2008 Mumbai Attacks  in a regular court, not a military tribunal' b'Government fears Deepwater Horizon well could become unchecked gusher. ' Congo Rebels Are Savages  Cut Lips From Woman For 'Talking Too Much'... The fear factor A year after the 'green' uprising, Iranians are no closer to breaking free b'Uganda To Obama Stop Treating Us Like Your Colony  Said Tamale Mirundi USA is arrogant. They think they can organize for us elections in our own country. We are an independent state. They are our business partners and not our masters.' b'The Mother of All Bubbles  Huge National Debts Could Push Euro Zone into Bankruptcy  Extensive and thorough analysis of the current situation in Europe' b'Islamist Insurgents Seize a Pirate Base in Somalia  NYTimes.com' b'Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad left Sunday for the United States to take part in a conference on nuclear nonproliferation' b'Sole Surviving Gunman of Mumbai Attacks Has Been Convicted by an Indian Court.' b'Egyptians Protest 30 Years of Emergency Law' b'110 Billion Euro Package  European promises of solidarity with Greece were not enough. Over the weekend, euro zone finance ministers agreed on a 110 billion package for Athens in return for even more Greek austerity measures. Whether it will be enough remains open.' b'US and Russia to propose ban on WMD in Middle East.  Tough global talks ahead in review of nuclear treaty as Egypt aims to put pressure on west over Israel' b'Linguists discover dying languages in New York City' b'Family Portraits of all 56 ethnic groups in China' b'Wed Guy stabs 15 children at a primary school. Thurs Different guy stabs 28 kindergartners. Fri Third guy attacks preschoolers with a hammer and sets himself on fire.' WWII Inside Hitler's Bunker  Photo Gallery  Neverbeforepublished LIFE photos. 'Hey Man, Good Food'  G8 Chefs Baffled By Laura Bush's 'Poisoning' Claims b'French spy, the CIA, and the Syrian reactor  Nice little story about how France beat CIA to get closein pictures of Syrian nuclear reactor after 2007 Israeli bombing. French military attach coolly drove out to site and took them himself' b'Why Greece is bankrupt breathtaking tax evasion  20% of doctors in a rich neighborhood claim to earn less than $13K, and over half claim less than $40K.' b'Men who force women to wear burka would face 15,000 fine in France ' b'Life in the German empire  Germanys fortunes are now intimately linked to a circle of countries that have become economic colonies' b'Putin stuns Ukraine with surprise gas deal' Draining glacial lakes causes a big chill  The idea that the melting that produced glacial lakes could ultimately have an enormous cooling effect on the climate may seem counterintuitive, but it's based on fairly straightforward geography.  b'A German scientist has developed one of the first translation programs suitable for everyday use. Sheer computing power gives the Google software surprisingly good results  perhaps the best yet seen created by a machine.' 'Hoodies, louts, scum' how media demonises teenagers b'Dutch Navy Releases Video of Storming of Ship Taken by Pirates from April 5th 2010 [FOXNews]. Very neat.' BP's chief executive Tony Haywood is flying to Louisiana later to personally oversee the emergency mopup operation. India's Dirty War  A violent struggle over resourcerich land is pitting billionaires against Maoists. Thousands of villagers have been killed and displaced. Iran's Ahmadinejad claims multiple documented  links between Washington and various extremist  terrorist organisations around the globe. b'A catastrophe looms on Louisianas coast    nAs the oil begins to wash ashore, David Usborne reports from a community powerless to save itself' b'Once anarchic, Rwanda now borders on Orwellian Where genocidal gangs once roamed, an oppressive, thoughtcontrolling police state has arisen.' Spanish Unemployment Tops 20%, Hurting Deficit Fight   Spain's economic crisis is far more important to the EU than Greece. In addition to massive unemployment and a stagnant economy, one of Spain's biggest problems at the moment is ability to rollover 225 billion of euro denominated debt. b'Egypt declares state of emergency at Gaza border' b'Taiwan carries out first death sentences in 5 years' b'Bolivia Nationalizes Power Companies ' b'Canada Sounds the Alarm Significant and imminent decline in both Canadian natural gas production and natural gas exports to the US' Wall Street's game of risk with Greece Could this be the worst piece of business in the history of the world? Last Thursday, Dublin Finance Minister Brian Lenihan handed Allied Irish Bank $4.2 billion of taxpayers' money to save it from going under. He could have bought the entire bank that morning for $832 million. In Queensland, where abortion is still a crime, a woman is on trial for medically terminating her eightweek pregnancy, and faces a jail term of up to 7 years The Metro Police have a couple of problems abuse of powers, and racial discrimination within the force. However, the Commissioner has hit upon a solution, which he is lobbying the Government to adopt make it harder to bring suits against the police. Sex Crimes and the Vatican  a BBC documentary. *Warning, this might make you rage* Australian cop bashes victims while in custody, sentenced to 27 months jail and loses job. Video of assault within article. Think Again Global Aging  A gray tsunami is sweeping the planet  and not just in the places you expect. How did the world get so old, so fast? North Korea leader's eldest son 'opposes dynasty' Breaking the Silence nominated for EU peace prize 
documents testimony of soldiers who served in the West Bank and Gaza; rightwing group calls on parliament members not to let it win award.  Haaretz Netherlands Antilles ceased to be a country yesterday Kazakhstan Prisoners Disemboweling Themselves To Protest Prison Conditions  UN Gets Involved Why the CBC banned Creative Commons music from its shows Fishermen at the Japanese town made famous by the controversial Oscarwinning documentary The Cove shrugged off protests by animal rights activists on Tuesday to carry out their grisly annual dolphin hunt. France hit by third national strike in a month Israeli troops accused of shooting children in Gaza At least 10 Palestinian children have been shot and wounded by Israeli troops in the past three months while collecting rubble in or near the buffer zone created by Israel along the Gaza border.  BREAKING Chile's trapped miners finally set to escape (12 Oct, 0935) Chilean miners soon to be rescued  After the January assassination of a top Palestinian official in Dubai, Police had lots of surveillance footage of the perps. Yet they haven't found any of the 30 suspects identified. It seems ubiquitous electronic surveillance is no match for a sufficiently advanced adversary. Thailand military the lovely conscripts  Thailands military struggles with a flood of transgender draftees. India Adds Economic Power to Security Council Bloc With Brazil Somali Pirates Hijack Japanese Breakbulk Ship BREAKING Law passed to strip foreignborn criminals of French nationality in France (12 Oct, 1420) Tanker and container ship collide off Dutch coast Two German Journalists Arrested in Iran  Two German reporters have been arrested in Iran after trying to interview the lawyer of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, who has been condemned to death by stoning. The case is likely to cause diplomatic tension between Germany and Iran. Australian police Tasers 'used on mentally ill' Pakistan's Rulers Have Sold Countrys Sovereignty To US Imran  Imran Khan said blind allegiance of the rulers to the US had emboldened the Nato forces to such an extent that they now even started killing the Pakistani forces after violating the countrys geographical boundaries.  b'Five paintings by Picasso, Matisse and other great artists have been stolen from the Museum of Modern Art in Paris.' b'Canada to introduce the most draconian copyright bill ever written next week.' b'North Korea Threatening War if Punished for Sinking South Korean Ship' Oh Australia, what will you do next? Australian customs officials now require you to declare any pornography you are carrying, even if it's legal. b'Of all the possible scenarios for why North Korea would have been involved in the Cheonan incident, the one that should worry us the most is the possibility that it was NOT Kim Jong Il who gave the orders. ' b'Haitian Farmers Commit to Burning Monsanto Seeds' b'World Cup bomb plot detailed by alQaeda suspect. Planned to target the Dutch and Danish teams/fans in revenge for cartoons drawn of the Prophet Muhammad' b'2012 Mascots.. what?' b'Scientists in the US have succeeded in developing the  first synthetic living cell' Australian 'Family Values' MP David Campbell  Resigns After Being Filmed Leaving Gay Sex Clu b'All hell is breaking loose in Thailand.  Stock exchange is on fire.' b'Belgian cardinals prevent priests to be in a private room with children.' Top Scientologist 'covered up sex abuse' b'Seoul says N Korea sank patrol ship  ' Britain's first abortion television advert in spite of ban. Great Britain, Even Greater. b'Australian customs officers have been given new powers to search incoming travellers' laptops and mobile phones for pornography' A Thai Writer's Response to the Western Media's Inaccurate Portrayal of the Thai Crisis b'White South Africans, concerned about racism and crime, have launched a Facebook petition to return to Holland, where their ancestors lived 300 years ago.' b'Unwitting East German Defectors Revisit Decision to Stay or Go  A group of East Germans were presented with a unique dilemma when the plane they were on got hijacked to West Berlin in 1978 Should they defect to the West or return home?' b'China Builds Up Amphibious Forces.' b'Now pakistan blocks youtube.' b'Merkel warns of potential failure of the European Union; Bans risky trading practices' b'Extradition of computer hacker Gary McKinnon put on hold' b'North Korea condemned by world powers over torpedo attack' b'The same judge who issued the warrant to search Gizmodo editor Jason Chens apartment has now ordered it unsealed, ruling against the San Mateo County district attorneys office which had argued that unsealing the documents may compromise the investigation. ' b'South African newspaper, Mail & Guardian, challenged in court over intention to publish Muhammad cartoon by veteren satirist Zapiro; M & G win, and the cartoon is on newstands today.' b'Palestinians make surprisingly large land offer to Israel Giving up twice the West Bank territory' b'Australian Scientology president's daughter slams toxic church' S. Korea Says North Will 'Pay' For Ship Sinking b'Childwitch hunting Pentecostal preacher Helen Ukpabio perhaps one of the most horrid people in the world.' b'Israeli Soldiers Settle Dispute With Bedouin By Killing His Camel  Following an argument that lasted several minutes, the soldiers left the tent, but one of them kneeled down and fired at the camel.' Lithuania court rules swastikas are part of the country's cultural identity b'7 big oil accidents waiting to happen' b'Foxconn, the Chinese company that makes iPods and iPads, has had another employee suicide bringing them to total of 8 this year' b'London 2012 Olympic mascots soon to be terrifying children everywhere' b'Rape case defendants to be given anonymity  Times Online  (and other measures of the new UK government)' b'Nun excommunicated after approving lifesaving abortion at Catholic hospital.' b'Report PA willing to have NATO forces in future state' b'Russian politics have gotten so weird that now the Kremlin is executing raids against the Russian chess federation to install the right chess master at its head' Palestinians mark 'Nakba' with tears and questions.Claudette Habesch stood at the gate of what had once been her family house, tears in her eyes as she pointed to the garden shaded by a large date palm. b'BrazilTurkey Deal with Iran Undermines Big Power Politics' b'North Korea says South pushing towards war' b'North Korea warns of war amid evidence of torpedo attack in March' Dubai gets a massive restructuring plan for it's massive debt b'The U.S. Begins Massive Military Build Up Around Iran, Sending Up To 4 New Carrier Groups In Region' b'Converting to Catholicism to teach  Unemployed, nonreligious educators are turning to Catholicism in an attempt to secure a coveted teaching position' b'Hotel guilty of discriminating against a guest who was participating at a conference on ethnic discrimination at the time. ' b'Historical Levels of flooding coming to Warsaw' b'UK family shot dead in eastern Pakistan' b'The 8 most hated financial products' The 1,000yearold warning. How a message was passed down from people 1,000 years ago that saved lives in Miyatojima, Japan. (Xpost from r/Japan) Wife Bin Laden Hid in Pakistan, Not Caves, for Decade Norway  one of the Last functioning welfare states, where employers lobby for longer parental leave for fathers, and parties win elections by promising not to cut taxes  and oil has little to do with it Canadian Budget Hits Basic Science  It slashes spending on the environment & pushes collaboration between basic researchers &  industry.  This is disastrous.  The government has no understanding of how scientific advancement is made.  Iran and 6 world powers agree to meet on April 13 for latest talks about Iran's nuclear program To Keep Protesters Away, Egypt's Police Put Up Walls   Street artists then painted this wall it Official figures show that EU countries sold Greece over 1 billion of arms at the same time as negotiating its first bailout back in 2010. EDL summit in Denmark humiliated by low attendance Australia now on the list of countries wanting Israel not to strike Iran Fentanyl Causing Overdose Boom in Estonia  A synthetic form of heroin produced in clandestine laboratories across the border in Russia,  it's almost completely replaced heroin on the Estonian market & can be hundreds of times more potent.  Spain's New Budget As Austere as it Gets  It's an unprecedented austerity budget to avoid EU bailout & everybody living in Spain will be affected. An Afghan policeman killed nine of his fellow officers as they lay sleeping. Special relationship? U.S. threatens Britain with 6bn trade sanctions as legal battle over aircraft subsidies comes to a head A girl aged five and an 87yearold woman were among almost 1,500 forced marriage victims helped by the Forced Marriage Unit in 2011, new figures reveal. Websites shut down for spreading coup rumours (China) ExSoviet KGB foreign intelligence chief Leonid Shebarshin was found dead in his Moscow apartment on Friday in an apparent suicide, Russian investigators said. Cruise ship carrying 1,001 people is adrift south of the Philippines after a fire disabled its engines [The Guardian] The number of people living alone has skyrocketed. The rise and rise of solo living. Support from Israel Lobby for Mulcair NDP leadership bid raises serious concerns. Israel Lobby recognizes that Mulcair would be an ardent supporter of Israel in all situations and in all circumstances France's future A country in denial  By ignoring their countrys economic problems, Frances politicians are making it far harder to tackle them | The Economist Spanish Soccer Team Real Madrid Removes Cross From Logo So It Wont Offend Islamic UAE After Entering Resort Agreement HERMOSILLO, Mexico (AP)  Eight people have been arrested for allegedly killing two 10yearold boys and a 55yearold woman in ritual sacrifices by the cult of La Santa Muerte, or Saint Death, prosecutors in northern Mexico said Friday Foreign Fighters Join Syrian Rebels Jihadists Declare Holy War Against Assad Regime  Many volunteer fighters are veterans of the Iraq war, who have now brought their holy war to Syria.  Pollution threatens South America's Lake Titicaca  Growing urbanization is threatening Lake Titicaca along the BolivaPeru border, and endangering those who depend on it for agriculture and drinking water. More rain forecast as deadly floods hit Fiji Apple Inc and its main contract manufacturing Foxconn agreed to tackle violations of conditions among the 1.2 million workers assembling iPhones and iPads in a landmark decision that could change the way Western companies do business in China. Canada set to phase out the penny An 18yearold Ukranian woman died Thursday, two weeks after her grisly rape by three young men who then tried to cover up their crime by strangling her, dumping her naked body at an abandoned construction site and setting her on fire. Police face racism scandal after black man records racial abuse (Crown Prosecution Service forced to review decision not to charge officers) While China has 350,000 millionaires and 115 billionaires, 700 million of its people live on just four dollars a day and discontent is growing. In many villages there are riots and people are on strike. If those towns all got up on the same day and rebelled China would have big problems.
 World War 3.0  


Privacy, piracy, security, sovereignty. Just some of the battle lines drawn in the war over the Internet. And part of wider questions of freedom and control. Later this year, the key UN treaty will be revised. Here's what's at stake Girl of five forced into marriage in the UK In China, Bachelor Villages, populated entirely by men, are the result of the OneChild policy 'The Norway Killer Is Not Crazy'... his beliefs and way of thinking are common, said Lippestad. He is not as unique, as paranoid or schizophrenic as the experts say.
 Hungary President Loses Doctorate  
A university in Hungary strips President Pal Schmitt of his doctorate after ruling that large parts of his thesis were plagiarised Why Germans Dont Have A Problem With Mandated Health Care Japan orders interception of North Korean rocket. MI6 spy Gareth Williams death agent could 'not have locked himself in bag'  Telegraph Where are you on the global pay scale? Adolf Hitler parents' tombstone in Austria removed Indias government orients towards privatizing/profitizing water Canada is giving up on the penny. No more to be produced, cash transactions to be rounded to the nearest 5cent increment. Japan will intercept N Korean rocket if necessary Iran is helping its ally Syria defy Western sanctions by providing a vessel to ship Syrian oil to a staterun company in China, potentially giving the government of President Bashar alAssad a financial boost worth an estimated $80 million Vatican Leaks Raise Questions Over Finances An archbishop who complained of corruption was sent to the U.S., and the Vatican is carrying out a rare criminal investigation to see who leaked documents purporting financial misdeeds. Behind the facade of Dubai New York Times Japan Nuclear Plant May Be Worse Off Than Thought. Both Tepco and the government were accused of playing down the dangers posed by the meltdowns at the plant.  South Korean officials say North Korea testfired 2 shortrange missiles Ireland to ban cheese adverts during children's TV schedules because it is high in fat Depleted Uranium Iraq congenital birth defect survey to begin in April b'Israel offered to sell nuclear warheads to the apartheid regime' Ireland's largest ISP begins disconnecting users who are accused of piracy b'Twenty masked gunmen in Gaza attack and burn to the ground a summer camp for children run by UNRWA for teaching schoolgirls fitness, dancing, and immorality.' b'How the South Korean ship, the Cheonan, was sunk' b'Israel 'tried to sell nuclear weapons'  If Obama and co. were serious about a sustained process of nuclear diminution, an early part of that process has to be an Israel that comes out of the closet' b'Besides being a very unhealthy beverage, CocaCola has another dirty secret; the CocaCola Company has been involved in some kidnappings involving union leaders and organizers at its Colombia bottling facilities. Many of those kidnapped have been severely tortured and even murdered by company thugs' Let's not forget how Royal Dutch Shell had Human Rights Activist Ken Saro Wiwa executed  b'4 Year Old Saved By Store Owner ' b'The Federal Government is expelling an Israeli diplomat after it found Israel faked Australian passports which were used in a hit on a top Hamas commander in Dubai.' BP calls in Kevin Costner's $26m vacuum cleaners to mop up huge oil spill b'French people protest in Cannes over Algeria film,  which made them look evil' Norwegian press gives the real story about what's happening with the gulf oil cleanup... We really aren't getting the whole story here.  (Use Chrome or Google page translation) b'A state of emergency has been declared in parts of  the Jamaican capital, Kingston, after police were  attacked by armed gangs trying to prevent the  arrest of an alleged druglord.' b'Bahrain suspends alJazeera' b'Andrew Wakefield, doc who first linked vaccines and autism, is barred from practicing medicine in the UK.' b'Israeli nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu jailed.' b'South Korean President Halts Trade with North They must pay for sinking one of our navy ships' b'Uzbek Man Jailed for Seven Years for HIV Prevention Efforts' b'Mordechai Vanunu jailed by Israeli court for unauthorised meetings... how telling the truth can land you in prison' b'Syrian President Bashar Assad said Monday that he is willing to sign a peace agreement with Israel in exchange for the Golan Heights.' b'Heres to the Greeks. They know what to do when corporations pillage and loot their country. Call a general strike. Riot. Shut down the city centers. Toss the bastards out. Do not be afraid of the language of class warfarethe rich versus the poor...' b'Satanic cult teens 'sacrificed' victims then ate them.  nSeven young members of a satanic sect have gone on trial in Russia accused of four gruesome murders in which they ritually sacrificed their victims before cooking and eating parts of them.'  Israel minister Lieberman 'abused trust,' say police Documents Confirm Israel's Nuclear Weapons.  Israel offered to sell nuclear warheads to South Africa's apartheid regime in 1975 'for potential strikes against neighboring states' b'Australia expels Israeli diplomat over Dubai hit'