 Egyptian newspaper manipulate picture with Obama and other world leaders in an attempt to make their president Mubarak look like the top dog
Spoiler This look shopped... Murdoch's Watergate. The U.K. phonehacking scandal will undo the media mogul. Remember the story about the Arab man who was arrested for rape after he falsely told an Israeli woman that his name was David? Well, it turns out that the case against him is built on much more than just a name.  Six London street cleaners arrested, searched, homes raided and possessions seized as evidence  based on an overheard conversation about the Pope. So far, no evidence found against them. Zimbabwe's jailing of doctors is an outrage Charges against American medics highlight the Mugabe regime's repression EU forced to apologise as Sarkozy goes on the attack over Nazi 'insult' the French president demanded, and received, an apology from the European justice commissioner, Viviane Reding, who earlier this week had compared France's antiRoma campaign to Nazi persecutions during the Second World War Guerrilla of Arabia How one of Britain's most brilliant military tacticians created the Taliban's battle strategy  Asia  Independent.co.uk Mao's great leap forward parents were forced to bury their children alive...80 per cent of all the villagers in one region of a quarter of a million Chinese were banned from the official canteen because they were too old or ill to be effective workers, so were deliberately starved to death...  Way to take another thing from us, guys. Best country for entrepreneurs? Hint It's no longer the US. Darfuri men were shot dead at point blank range during a surprise Arab militia raid on a busy market this month in which at least 39 people were killed and almost 50 injured, eyewitnesses said on Friday A significant point in history happened at about 1.30pm this afternoon (Sept 15). Douglas Carswell MP announced a bill that would end fractional reserve banking. Prominent Pakistani politician murdered outside his London home 14 South African peacekeepers were dumped in the middle of rebelheld territory in Congo by Russian helicopter crews According to a witness, Israel soldiers burst into a house in the West Bank last night and shot a Palestinian associated with Hamas three time in the neck and head while he was still in bed.  According to the IDF, the Palestinian was running towards IDF soldiers refusing to stop. Oktoberfest has officially begun! Watch As Israel Slides Toward Fascism, Citizens and Supporters Swear Their Loyalty. Swearing a loyalty oath to Israel as an ethnic state is gaining legitimacy; a video produced by the authors shows the willingness of Israeli residents to pledge allegiance. 10 statistics that show Turkey drifting away from the West Danger, danger The Pope is leading an assembly of children in west London The Velvet Surrender  
Russia reconquers the Czechs. 6.3. quake hits northeast Afghanistan Imran Farooq, murdered Pakistani politician, 'thought he would be safe in London'   Telegraph Chechen separatist leader Akhmed Zakayev arrested in Poland Mexico's drugs war in the city of death BBC News  Urgent call on EU to stop billioneuro alien invasion Rescuers working to release 33 trapped Chilean miners have achieved a pivotal breakthrough by drilling an escape shaft through to the underground chamber occupied by the men. Israeli media sources have confirmed that an Israeli soldier shot and killed a handcuffed Palestinian youth on Tuesday morning in Tel Aviv. Soldier says that he was shot accidentally from his weapon. The 18 yr old Palestinian was killed instantly as a result of the shot in the back. Giant Cave Explored in Borneo  PICTURES!!! Iraq approves $400 million settlement for Americans victimized by Saddam's regime Eikaiwa Underworld  English teacher in Japan gets TonySopranolike mobster as client, hears string of storiesretold hereabout running nightclubs in Tokyo, gambling in Las Vegas, dealing with Mafia  Canada and Russia are locked in a decadesold dispute over which country owns vast stretches of the Arctic. The UN is set to decide the border dispute, and both the governments appear convinced that their claim is the strongest. Cartoonist who inspired Draw Mohammed Day is in hiding Germany is once again dreaming of a permanent presence on the UN Security Council and is hoping to secure a nonpermanent seat in a vote next month. But hopes of reform seem slim, given that the current permanent members are reluctant to give up any of their influence. BBC News  Rare antelopelike mammal caught in Asia A ruthless sister risks becoming North Korea's next ruler Court Top Khmer Rouge cadre charged with war crimes. Four of the top former surviving Khmer Rouge cadre were charged with war crimes in Cambodia by a U.N.backed war crimes tribunal for their role in the late 1970s genocide that left nearly onequarter of the country's population dead. French President Nicolas Sarkozy has described comments by an EU commissioner about Roma deportations from France as outrageous. Nicolas Sarkozy tells Luxembourg to take in Roma
French president angered by EU justice commissioner's attack as party defends expulsion policy as 'applying EU regulations' Israeli Army to open probe into shooting deaths of two Palestinian farmers  State tells court family petition to investigate incident unnecessary, as probe into whether shooting was justified already scheduled to begin next month. South African Unions Want To Force Private School Kids Into Govt Schools  The union...says that there is an urgent need to eliminate the threetiered education system...and to redistribute resources toward ordinary public schools in workingclass and poor communities. Japan falls in global university rankings, overtaken by China for first time A Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan  Missile Strikes Incredible and Accurate  Missing journalist stokes fears of Sovietera media crackdown in Ukraine Life After Guantanamo Two Former Inmates Arrive in Germany Printers in this city near the Afghan border say they have produced thousands of fake voter registration cards at the request of Afghan politicians for use in that country's parliamentary elections on Saturday. Tea Parties of the World  Cambodian garment workers call off strike Cuba may link up to Glonass system, Russia's satellite navigation system Scandals cloud Pope's UK visit.  On the eve of Pope Benedict's visit to Britain, victims of child abuse at the hands of Catholic priests have demanded that the pontiff hand over all information on paedophile clergy to authorities. Driving out the Unwanted  Sarkozy's War Against the Roma Egyptian paper doctors peace talks photo in favor of Mubarak Russia sees panic buying as Mayan apocalypse mania takes root Why 2012 was the best year ever never in the history of the world has there been less hunger, less disease and more prosperity Congo has become a neverending nightmare, one of the bloodiest conflicts since World War II, with more than five million dead.  Queen to attend cabinet meeting for first time. It is believed to be the first time a monarch has attended cabinet since Queen Victoria's reign. Afghan bomb blast kills 10 girls Ten girls aged nine to 13 killed and two seriously injured as they gathered firewood outside their village in eastern Afghanistan Cameroon court upholds 3year jail term for man convicted of sending 'I love you' text message to another man. Health Canada Plans to Treat Marijuana Like Other Medicines, Commercialize its Production and Distribution Leaked Report Confirms HumanInduced Climate Change Australian public servant injured during sex on a work trip awarded compensation. For Spaniards, Having A Job No Longer Guarantees A Paycheck An Afghan Mystery Why Are Large Shipments Of Gold Leaving the Country?  


A surge in shipments since early summer. How come so much, when little gold is mined in Afghanistan? And why does so much of it go to Dubai? Is it regular Afghan commerce or is something else going on? One Hundred Thousand Tamils Missing After Sri Lanka War (World Bank data) Report Thousands of children face sex abuse by gangs in England  CNN.com Silence over sexual violence Arab women take stand on 'absurd honor'  CNN.com Syria descends into holy war 
Rights Group Denounces Thai Teachers' Slayings by Muslims
 In Spain, Having a Job No Longer Guarantees a Paycheck  NYTimes.com The lungs that Jennifer Wederell was given to save her life brought only agonising death  A young newlywed was never told that the organs needed for her transplant had come from a heavy smoker  Canadian claims to have cracked carrier pigeon message. Thousands of people across France have demonstrated in support of samesex marriage. The rallies come after even more people took to the streets last month to protest against it.  'Useless, useless, useless' the Palestinian verdict on Tony Blair India 'gangrape' Student, friend attacked on Delhi bus A major international human rights organization called Monday for an immediate end to violence against school personnel in Thailands insurgencywracked southern provinces, following last weeks murder of two Buddhist teachers who were shot executionstyle in the middle of a school day Palestinian refugee camp in Syria hit by fighting  Homes destroyed as Fiji feels Evan's fury Dutch government backs strong encryption, condemns backdoors ISIS Militants Strap Bomb on 4 YearOld Boy and Blow Him Up after Killing the Childs Father Canada proceeding with controversial $15billion Saudi arms deal despite condemning executions Brazil is heading for its worst recession since 1901 British ISIS militant's desperate plea for doctors to join the terror group as he admits many fighters are dying due to poor treatment in latest sign of the group's collapse Malaysia's schools will start holding antiISIS talks for kids Saudi Arabia omitted from UK death penalty strategy 'to safeguard defence contracts'  Kingdom is only major death penalty state missing from document setting out UK strategy to curb executions ISIS executes first female journalist. One of her last posts complained of limits on wifi The U.S. Justice Department has sued Volkswagen for up to $90 billion for allegedly violating environmental laws  five times regulators' initial estimate and a reminder of the carmaker's problems nearly four months after its emissions scandal broke. Leaked memo shows Saudi Arabia was fully prepared for executions backlash  and went ahead anyway | Middle East | News Sister of British extremist fighter says she will 'kill him myself' if he is new Jihadi John Mexico first country to approve Israeli drug that cures earlystage prostate cancer Jihadi Junior  6 or 7 year old boy in new Islamic State video, identified by grandfather in London Nuns claim they were forced to brand themselves with fire, eat outofdate food and write orders of obedience in their own blood in Mafiastyle initiations at Italian convent Malaysia Airlines temporarily bans checked baggage for flights to Europe due to 'safety, strong head winds' 'Fat cat Tuesday' as top bosses pay overtakes UK workers The United Nations special rapporteur for human rights in the Palestinian territories, Makarim Wibisono, submitted his resignation to the president of the Human Rights Council on Monday, citing Israels refusal to grant him access to the West Bank and Gaza. Merkel rejects Bavarian bid for refugee limit Amid ongoing tensions with her allies in Bavaria, Angela Merkel has refused their plan to place a cap on incoming aslyum seekers. The proposed upper limit of 200,000 for 2016 was not the chancellor's position. Yemen centre for blind 'hit in Saudi coalition air raid' Mass murderer Anders Behring Breiviks court case against the Norwegian state over his prison conditions, which he likens to torture, will take place in the jail where he is being held.Breivik killed 77 people because he was opposed to Norways multiculturalism. Kuwait has recalled its ambassador to Iran in the latest episode of a regional diplomatic crisis following the execution of a prominent religious leader in Saudi Arabia, the official Kuwait News Agency reported. Britain set for first mass strike by doctors in 40 years First known hackercaused power outage signals troubling escalation Kuwait becomes latest Saudi ally to downgrade ties with Iran 'Do Your Cars Emit Oxygen?' Indian Supreme Court to car manufacturers including Toyota and Mercedes, who want ban on their larger diesel cars in Delhi to be revoked Man slashes 22 children near China school  Millions of cameratrap images reveal Serengeti life Hospitalized with a lung infection, the 94yearold former South African president Nelson Mandela has successfully undergone a procedure to have gallstones removed Thousands hold unauthorized antiPutin rally in Moscow to mark anniversary of mass protest Debate on Islam and evolution has to be called off after revolt by Islamic student societies Egyptian Ruling Party Accused of Vote Rigging    Claims President Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood cheated  in referendum on new constitution. Violations cited include unsealed ballot papers, Muslim Brotherhood members coercing people, absence of judges to monitor & early closing of polls. Wrong man seized in Macedonia, brutalised by CIA, dumped in Albania
 Prince Charles's 700m estate accused of tax avoidance UBS faces $1 billion fine for Libor rigging Canada withdraws from Kyoto Protocol Iran offers condolences over school shooting in US Fukushima operator Tepco admits culpability  Japanese nuclear plant accepts lack of safety culture and bad habits contributed to world's worst nuclear accident in 25 years News of a new Syrian massacre; between 125150 civilians killed on Tuesday. Egypt TV bans romantic songs  sarcastic songs mocking public figures will also be banned because of the sensitiveness of the political situation Popularity of tiny Dutch Caribbean island soars after legislators legalized samesex marriage
 'Global Day of Action' Hits Walmart in 10 Countries  

Walmart workers demonstrated at headquarters in Argentina; marching through  Santiago; leafleting customers in Nicaragua; rallying  in Brazil, India & South Africa; & delivering a letter to the head office of Walmarts UK subsidiary ASDA. Iran Patriot missiles in Turkey threaten World War Spain seizes 28 million euros in Hosni Mubaraklinked assets  The Bullies of Beijing China's Image Problem  Actions by the People's Republic  intentional or not  have created the worst regional environment for China since the Tiananmen Square massacre. U.S. Officials Syria Has Prepared Several Dozen Chemical Bombs  Syrian President Bashar Assad have prepared several dozen bombs and shells loaded with the lethal chemical sarin. Major Gas Users Call for AntiRigging Regulations    Britain's biggest energy users are calling for tough regulations to ensure the overthecounter wholesale gas market cannot be rigged by traders & speculators. Opposition to Labor Camps Widens in China  Opponents of Chinas reeducation through labor system believe new leadership could end abuses at the camps, which confine perceived troublemakers without trial.  China tightens 'Great Firewall' internet control with new technology. Small boat sinks off Greek island, 20 migrants drown
 Jets strike Rebels around Damascus Internet remains unregulated after UN treaty blocked BBC News  US, UK and Canada refuse to sign UN internet treaty In 2004 CIA agents tortured a German citizen, sodomising, shackling, and beating him Scientists call for pardon for WW2 codebreaker Alan Turing British Deputy Prime Minister says war on drugs has failed, accuses politicians of a conspiracy of silence Computer hacker Gary McKinnon, who is wanted in the US, will not face charges in the UK 22 school students stabbed in China A man with a knife has wounded 22 children and an adult at a primary school in central China India Rejects Internet Regulation as UN Split Widens in Dubai  India joined the U.S. in opposing rules that would give governments control over the Internet as an international split over Web regulation divides a United Nations conference in Dubai. Too Big to Indict Federal and state authorities have chosen not to indict HSBC, the Londonbased bank, on charges of vast and prolonged money laundering, for fear that criminal prosecution would topple the bank... Israeli soldiers assault two Reuters cameramen Reuters news agency has accused Israeli soldiers of hitting two of its cameramen and forcing them to strip in the West Bank city of Hebron European court of human rights finds against CIA abuse of Khaled elMasri;
America must now apologise to the German citizen, a victim of mistaken identity who was kidnapped and beaten by the CIA Philippine death toll rises to 902 after Typhoon Bopha; 80,000 homeless Norway Begins Tests On Thorium  Business Insider British Deputy Prime Minister backs calls to consider decriminalising illegal drugs Pentagon to send missiles, troops to turkey UK Deputy Prime Minister says Time to rethink drugs. Afghan human rights groups have noticed a sharp rise in the number of selfimmolations across the country by women who are so desperate, so hopeless, they think the only escape is to burn themselves beyond recognition.  Ed Miliband every Briton should speak English Canada designates 27 countries as 'safe countries of origin'  Russian's save elephants by giving them vodka HardLine Israeli Foreign Minister Is Stepping Down Avigdor Lieberman resigned on Friday after being charged with fraud and breach of trust, in a move that could have repercussions on next months election Families Of Spain's 'Stolen Babies' Seek Answers  United States to send troops and Patriot missiles to Turkey Kim Jong Un Says N. Korea Needs More Satellites to Boost Economy The Real North Korea Problem  While the world fears its missiles 250,000 innocents, onethird of them children, are being forced to do slave labor on starvation rations and are daily subjected to heinous torture and executions North Korean satellite 'tumbling out of control,' US officials say Tibetans can't vote, their petitions to government are ignored, protest of any kind is criminalized and, once imprisoned, most Tibetans are denied a lawyer. Google boss Eric Schmidt I'm proud of our tax avoidance scheme...it's called capitalism Google avoids paying tax on upto 80% of its profit. Physicists To Test If Universe Is A Computer Simulation  Argentine mom rescues 100s of sex slaves, but can't find daughter The Russian state was involved in the murder of former spy Alexander Litvinenko, documents released by the British government have suggested. Kuwait introduces death penalty for cursing God and prophets Canadian university installs genderneutral toilet facilities. Go wherever you feel comfortable. The Tallow Candle an unknown fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen (author of the ugly duckling and the little mermaid) has been discovered. Jackie Chan suggests that Hong Kong residents should have their rights to protest restricted.  Insecticide regulators ignoring risk to bees, say MPs. A parliamentary inquiry has uncovered evidence that links widespread use of neonicotinoid pesticides to decline in bees
 Supercostly F35s, a global wrecking ball Syria Fires Scud Missile at Rebel Forces India's secret weapon against cervical cancer? Vinegar. North Korean satellite 'orbiting normally' after rocket launch, according to South Korea Japan scrambles fighter jets after Chinese plane seen near disputed islands Japanese Fighter Jets Respond to Chinese Challenge Over Disputed Islands  
China once again challenged Japanese claims to a disputed set of islands in the East China Sea, this time by sending a plane to patrol the area, which prompted Japan to scramble its own air force.  Top Deutsche Bank Executives Caught Up in Tax Evasion Inquiry Scores of Syrian civilians belonging to President Bashar alAssads minority Alawite sect were killed Tuesday in the first known Alawite massacre since the Syrian conflict began by members of the shabiha, a progovernment Alawite militia in a shocking episode of AlawiteonAlawite violence  Tweet history of US drone strikes lasting longer than planned
NYU student Josh Begley tried to tweet 10 years of US drone strikes in 10 minutes  but 12 hours later, he still hadn't finished What's a protester to do? Two years of peaceful demonstrations have yielded no results in Bahrain. Frustrated, some are now giving up on nonviolence, turning instead to the tried and true Molotov Cocktail. B.C. mine to hire only Chinese temporary workers for years Asahi Tepco cant find where huge amount of highly radioactive water is leaking at Reactor No. 2  Fractures in containment vessel suspected Julian Assange to form Wikileaks Party, run for Australian Senate Amsterdam police will turn a blind eye to foreigners buying cannabis in its famous coffee shops when a national ban comes into force next year, the city's mayor said on Wednesday. North Korea launches rocket Giant Squid finally captured on video. Footage to be shown on Discovery Channel in January next year. Ravi Shankar, 92, greatest sitar player of the 20th century, has died Geysina, a 14 year old Afghani girl is beheaded for not accepting a marriage proposal  Yahoo! News Obama the US now recognizes Syrian opposition coalition as legitimate representative of the Syrian people Spain arrests woman with cocaine filled breast implants. Google Just Spent $5 Million on Drones to Spy on Rhino Poachers  The controversy over Psy's antiAmerican song lyrics is based on a single, anonymous translation. Several new translations suggest he didn't call for American deaths. Israel vows to withhold $400M in tax revenues from Palestinians over statehood drive Human trafficking ring in Argentina all suspects cleared of all charges Julian Assange confirms bid for Australian Senate A Canadian Company has claimed to have perfected invisibility! In northern Mali, Islamists attacks against civilians grow more brutal  Refugees describe rapes, forced marriages, amputations and other abuses in the region. Electronic Voting 19 year old hacks the Brazilian elections Uruguay has approved a gay marriage law. Prominent Russian political analyst publishes 
book explaining the social customs of Americans to his somewhat baffled countrymen NORAD North Korea Launches 'Object' Into Orbit [Updated] Syrian rebels defy US and pledge allegiance to jihadi group Ravi Shankar, sitar legend, has died Explosives connected to Islamic Extremists left at the Central Train Station in Bonn, Germany BBC News  Afghan judge Zahorudin recorded on tape 'seeking bribe' How a hotel maid changed France Nafissatou Diallo helped deny DSK the presidency of France  and changed the countrys history Obama Says U.S. Will Recognize Syrian Rebels The seventh row of the periodic table is officially full Coffee Just Got Cheaper  A global surplus of coffee is causing bean prices to bottom out Another Hong Kong worker at antiBeijing bookshop 'disappears Switzerland signs deal to end international banking secrecy AlQaeda affiliate group uses Donald Trumps antiMuslim rant in recruitment video Militants have attacked an Indian air force base near the country's border with Pakistan. All BBC Websites went down after a major DDoS attack Tel Aviv mayor Shooting appears to be terrorist attack  2 dead, 4 wounded King Amenhotep III statue was found by chance during a raid on weapons and drugs traders. Wind, solar power soaring in spite of bargain prices for fossil fuels Saudi beheadings soar in 2015 under discretionary rulings Saudi Arabia carried out at least 157 executions in 2015, with beheadings reaching their highest level in the kingdom in two decades, according to several advocacy groups that monitor the death penalty worldwide. According to scientists, a storm the likes of which few have ever seen is about to raise north pole temperatures to as high as 40 degrees Fahrenheit Over 800 cars set ablaze in France on New Year's Eve Kim Jong Un warns I'm ready for war. Also expressed a willingness to work toward reconciliation with South Korea Nimr alNimr execution Former Iraq PM alMaliki says death will topple Saudi regime Saudi Arabia says 47 executed on terror charges, including Shi'ite cleric French academic defies Anne Frank Fund, publishes diaries online Hand grenade attack kills two at Ethiopian university police Renowned Animal Trainer Caught On Film Beating Life of Pi Tiger China Says It Is Building Its Second Aircraft Carrier Two injured as man runs car into troops protecting mosque in southern France Roundup Russia takes restrictive measures against Ukraine, Turkey Dubai's residents rally together and launch social media campaign to offer their homes as shelter to those displaced by the large hotel fire. Contamination from Brazil mining spill spreads to ocean Isis in Raqqa Undercover activists do what they can to fight back against Islamists.Part citizen journalists, part resistance movement, members of Raqqa is Being Silently Slaughtered secretly document Isiss barbaric punishments and strict social regimes Despite ban, Iranians consume 60 million litres of alcohol each year Protesters storm Saudi embassy in Tehran, set it ablaze A Week After India Banned It, Facebook's Free Basics Shuts Down in Egypt Mexican Mayor Murdered One Day After Taking Office.A newly installed mayor in a municipality close to Mexico City was shot and killed outside her home by four gunmen. Calls for calorie labels on alcoholic drinks to help fight obesity a group of city Muslims launched Muslims against ISIS campaign on Friday, denouncing the jihadist terror organization's brutalities and chalking out steps to stop Muslim youths from becoming IS recruits Hong Kong unsettled by strange case of missing booksellers Nigel Farage's car wheels 'were sabotaged in an assassination attempt' Ukip leader lost control of Volvo when wheel fell off on motorway...police confirm foul play Britain is to create a marine reserve only slightly smaller than the UK in the waters of Ascension Island. The waters have a host of extraordinary species including some of the largest marlin in the world, one of the largest populations of green turtles, tropical seabirds and a unique frigate bird. Isis releases video showing execution of five 'British spies' and warning to 'imbecile' David Cameron Israel indicts Jewish extremists in deadly arson attack Angela Merkel tightens Germanys rules for migrants  Automatic refugee status will be replaced by individual hearings to establish identity ISIS oil trucks cross into Turkey every day, captured terrorist admits In New Year's address, Kim Jong Un vows to raise living standards Iran's leader warns Saudis of 'divine vengeance' over execution of Shia cleric Pathankot Fresh gunfire and blast at India military base Canadian fighter jets in the Middle East engage in air campaign against Islamic State France quarrels over revoking citizenship of terrorists Refugees find dizzying freedoms and unexpected dangers in Brazil French Soldiers Shoot Attacker Who Drove Car At Them US shuts down drone operation in Ethiopia Man Who Drove Car at French Troops Had Jihadi Propaganda in Computer Prosecutor EU commissioner Poland's new state media law conflicts with EU values British Hikers Rescued Three Times in Iceland Iran wins world record for most executions per capita; Tehran hanged at least 694 people between Jan. 1 and Sept. 15, the highest rate of executions in the Islamic Republic in some 25 years, according to a report by a U.N. human rights monitor b'It is a fact that a woman born in South Africa has a greater chance of being raped, than learning how to read.' b'Israel planning to build 700 new houses in East Jerusalem, going back on their word and disrupting the peace. ' b'U.S. Intelligence Found Iran Nuke Document Was Forged' b'Britain has been given a warning by Iran's foreign minister that it will receive a punch on the mouth if it does not stop the nonsense.' b'NOAM CHOMSKY Gaza One Year Later You [Palestinians] shall continue to live like dogs, and whoever wishes may leave, and we will see where this process leads.  Moshe Dayan' b'No significant slowing in population growth. Humanity has been consistently gaining more than 79 million people (almost another Germany) each year since 1999.' The story you won't see on the front page of Reddit A Holocaust survivor joins a hunger strike supporting Gaza China's executes mentally ill British man. I really thought they'd back down... b'Published Document States Khamenei Is Planning to Escape to Russia  looks like the final play is beginning' b'U.S. airstrike kills 10 Afghan civilians, 8 schoolboys, amidst controversy he said / she said Karzai slams U.S. and NATO forces refute charges' b'One Year Later, Palestinians Live in Rubble While Israel Blocks Aid (with US support)' b'I guess we are all going to have to remove our underwear along with our shoes!' b'Putin Russia needs to develop offensive strike systems to preserve strategic balance with the United States, without producing its own missile defense.' b'Colombia is preparing to attack Venezuela in annoperation that will be made to look like its objective is a base ofnColombian guerrillas, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said.' Police arrest nuclear whistleblower  Vanunu the Guy Who Told All about Israel's Nukes! b'Keep up with the latest events in Iran here.' b'After massive protests shook Iran this past summer, Iran singled out Gene Sharp, an obscure American political scientist in his 80s as a key figure behind the unrest. Since the early 1970s, his work has served as the template for taking on authoritarian regimes from Burma to Belgrade.' b'First gay marriage in Latin America occurs in  Argentina. God promptly brings down his Wrath and  smites the entire continent. That last bit was not  true.' b'Israeli police arrest nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu for allegedly breaking parole conditions.' b'Striking photos of the decade An Australian perspective (well worth the watch)' b'Israeli oped compares compares settlement freeze to  1960s civil rights struggle; Palestinians still not people.' b'Two men in Malawi charged with gross public  indecency, for getting engaged.' b'Iran arrests proreform opposition figures ' b'Israels Supreme Court has ruled that a major access highway to Jerusalem running through the occupied West Bank could no longer be closed to most Palestinian traffic. ' b'The Thai government has completed the deportation of more than 4,000 ethnic Hmong back to their homeland in neighbouring Laos.' This site publishes first had reports out of Iran.  Lots of eye witness accounts.  It is run by Iranian exiles with close contacts on the ground.  Let's show these people some love for risking it all to get the information out. b'U.S. Soldiers Are Waking Up!' Ayatollah Khamenei's Jet Checked, Iran Supreme Leader May Flee To Russia If Necessary b'[Video] Iranian Police Car running over protesters' b'What Every U.S. Citizen Should Know About Iran' The 'Israelification' of airports High security, little bother  b'Afghan officials USled troop dragged ten civilians from their beds and shot them dead during a night raid. ' b'Ridiculous Senior officers say the chemicals will be  treated as illegal until tests show otherwise as they  try to protect young people from using dangerous  drugs which have not been banned.' Israel's Supreme Court orders the military to stop blocking Palestinians from using a highway that runs through the West Bank. one of the world's wettest places dries up.. Media fails to mention 'sharp dressed man' escorted flight 253 bomber until allowed to board plane b'Afghans burn Obama effigy over civilian deaths' b'Israeli nuclear whistleblower under house arrest' b'See  China have the right idea when it comes to dealing with those Somalian pirates' b'Iran 27 Dec 09 Police Car running over people  The youtube on the front page is broken.' b'2 sisters attacked by smart Israeli drone  in Gaza,  last year  video ' b'Israelisonly highway through West Bank declared illegal in landmark case' b'Like a bull moose headbutting a train  The moose Canadian democracy. The train the prime minister and his government.' b'Sadness over British man executed in China' b'British Hostage Released In Iraq After Two Years!' b'France to rethink carbon tax plan.' b'Obama plans on attacking Yemen over failed bomb attempt' 'Apartheid  Road'  opened  to  Palestinians    Middle  East    Independent.co.uk b'Army Historians Document Early Missteps in Afghanistan' b'USA spooks report Either Israeli or UK forged nukes report on Iran' El Chapo' Being Taken to Same Prison He Escaped from Six Months Ago El Chapo has been caught At least 231 children abused at Catholic boys choir run by Pope Benedicts brother North Korea has defended its latest nuclear test, saying the fate of Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Moamer Kadhafi in Libya showed what happened when countries forsake their nuclear weapon ambitions. A group of United Nations' experts have warned of a chilling effect on freedoms of speech and expression, should the UK's draft surveillance bill become law.The bill has proven controversial among the public and tech companies alike. Gunman opens fire on hotel popular with western tourists in Hurghada, Egypt French Proposal to Strip Citizenship Over Terrorism Sets Off Alarms Hungary will never support EU sanctions against Poland, says Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban Inside Delhi's gadget graveyard where the West's ewaste ends up Indian men, women and children process discarded technology for as little as $2.10 a day and it is slowly poisoning them. North Korea says South Korea's propaganda broadcasts push situation to 'brink of war'. A blast in a crowded market in India's northeast has wounded at least eight people, three of them seriously, police say. Great White Dies After Three Days In Aquarium Carter Center 22 Guinea Worm Cases Reported in 2015. The human rights organization founded by former President Jimmy Carter in 1986 began targeting the painful parasitic disease for eradication. At that time, an estimated 3.5 million cases occurred annually worldwide. French daredevil falls to death while preparing for tightrope stunt In bid to win back tourists, Brussels wants visitors to dial random locals  After a yr of terror plots & alerts, lockdowns & raids, the city's hit upon a new idea Curious foreigners can call & talk to locals. Anyone can visit #CallBrussels website, click a button & wait for someone to pick up. Swiss missionary has been kidnapped from her home in Timbuktu nearly four years after she was abducted by Islamist militants from the same house, the Malian army and a local resident says. NASA's Fermi satellite completes map of the sky; finds mysterious source of gamma rays US condemns Israel expanding West Bank settlement bloc Hundreds of Syrians Are Turned Back at Beirut Airport Iranian Soccer Player Jailed Over Photos With Unveiled Women Saudi Arabia executions Philip Hammond condemned by rights campaigners for 'excusing' mass killings Venezuela's Economy Czar Inflation Does Not Exist Seychelles, in a firstever debt restructuring for climate adaptation, is swapping nearly $30 million of its debt in exchange for the protection of 30 percent of its ocean territory with an area larger than the size of Germany. A Germans Video Likens Mao to Hitler, and China Wants Him Punished Cereal harvests across world fall by 10% in 50 yrs  Impact of droughts stronger recently, especially in developed countries like N America, Europe & Australia, that are even more strongly affected than the developing world, with average production cuts of 20%. 2015 was the first year since 1974 in which no climber successfully made it to the top of Mount Everest. Mexican Politician 'They Can Find El Chapo, But Not 43 Students British woman jailed for trying to kidnap her children and place them under ISIS rule in Syria ISIS urges UK jihadis to cut beards, shun mosques and wear crosses to blend in Mexico will be extraditing El Chapo to the United States Hong Kong Thousands rally over missing booksellers. Suspected to have been abducted by mainland Chinese security forces. Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has called on all Iranians, even those who oppose the Islamic Republic, to participate in next month's elections to parliament and to the assembly that will choose his successor. New edition of Hitlers Mein Kampf is an instant sellout in Germany The Catholic Church has spent millions of dollars providing pensions, housing, and private medical insurance to convicted paedophile priests despite branding them evil and having most defrocked. 40,000 starving Syrians trapped by Assad regime forced to make soup from grass because theyve 'eaten every stray cat and dog in the city' | Middle East | News Paris police station attacker lived in German refugee shelter police As Ottawa prepares to legalize recreational marijuana, the 27 companies licensed to grow and sell medical pot in Canada are getting ready to cash in. Fire breaks out at Kosovo government HQ as protests flare Sean Penn did an interview with El Chapo at his hideout in Mexico before he got caught. Merkel proposes tougher migrant laws Germany and US revive joint intelligence surveillance Egypt policemen shot dead in Giza in ISclaimed attack India to save $6 billion per annum after switching to LED by 2018 Piyush Goyal Police Discover Paris Bomb Factory In Brussels Foreign 'super students' told to leave Denmark for working 1,5h per week too much Britain's intelligence services tried to recruit new Jihadi John report Rocket hits Medecins Sans Frontieres clinic in Yemen, killing three MSF Antimigrant protest turns violent as German welcome cools Emirati sentenced to death for joining Islamic State China is going to invest at least 3.8 trillion yuan ($538 billion) in new railway construction in the country's 13th Five Year Plan (20162020) S Korea has it's first woman president. 'Habitable' planet discovered circling Tau Ceti star  World is one of five thought to be circling star just 12 light years away, say scientists In France, Free Birth Control For Girls At Age 15 British woman 'raped by three men' in Dubai is FINED for drinking Five female polio vaccinators shot dead in Pakistan. United Nations and Amnesty International give Canada failing grades on human rights. Outrage Grows in India Over GangRape on Bus  The hourslong gangrape & nearfatal beating of a 23yrold student on a bus in New Delhi trigger outrage & anger across the country as Indians demand action from authorities who've  long ignored persistent violence & harassment against women. King Ramesses III's Throat Slit  Scans reveal deep cut in Egyptian pharaohs neck.  Records say he was killed by his harem as part of a palace coup involving his son, Prince Pentawere. An unusual, unidentified mummy from a royal tomb near the Valley of the Kings may be the  convicted son.   Dead Sea Scrolls online library launched by Google and Israel The Truth About North Korean Space Launch  It put an object into orbit. Headlines shouted how it was likely a missile test & a failure of Western intelligence. Most of those headlines were completely wrong, though there are many questions yet to be answered about the launch &  what it means. 3 arrested in massive Canadian maple syrup heist, which hurt world supply  The Washington Post S&P raises Greece's credit rating Slavery's Global Comeback  Buying & selling people into forced labor is bigger than ever. What human trafficking really means. Breakthrough Cops make arrests in maple syrup heist More Heath Workers shot in Pakistan bringing the total to 8 in 48 hours. Chinese leaders still suspicious of religion, party document shows  A May 2011 party document talks of a plot by overseas hostile forces to use religion to divide the country. Three more polio workers shot in Pakistan; eight dead in 48 hours
| Reuters Japan whalers given Sea Shepherd injunction by US court Anger as French psychiatrist is found guilty after patient hacks man to death Russian lawmakers eye adoption ban to U.S.  East London men charged over child prostitution  BBC News French psychiatrist sentenced after patient commits murder New Lethal Bird Flu Strain  in Indonesian   Virus that's killed over 300,000 ducks in the past few weeks is virulent type new to country.  It's unknown  it mutated or if it originated overseas. There's a possible risk factor with direct contact.  A 4yrold boy died  from bird flu  Dec 6. 90 More Pieces of Gold & Silver From Staffordshire Hoard Found  In 2009, a metal detector enthusiast found over 3,000 gold & silver AngloSaxon objects from 7th8th centuries in a farmer's field. New artifacts include a helmet piece, cross & eagleshaped mounts.  Antipolio workers shot dead in Pakistan Ireland to legalise abortion Berlin warns Egypt is sliding to dictatorship Chinese Authorities Arrest Dozens For Spreading Mayan Apocalypse Rumors Swedish teens riot over Instagram sex rumours   500 people are estimated to have gathered outside the 'Plus Gymnasium', according to Aftonbladet (Link in English) Israel Presses on With Plans for 6,000 New Settler Homes  China up in arms over Newtown coverage
Chinese critics argue that the public now knows more about Sandy Hook than they do about crime in their own country  1 in 6 worldwide unaffiliated with a religion.  Nonaffiliation/atheism is the third largest category. 'If A Man Is Not An Oligarch, There's Something Wrong With Him' Welcome To The New Breed Of Plutocrat Running London Russia sends a couple more ships to Syria, possibly starting evacuation Pakistan Four female vaccination workers shot dead in Karachi Richard Engel and NBC News team freed from captors in Syria The Bribery Aisle How WalMart Used Payoffs to Get Its Way in Mexico Iranian computers attacked by new malicious data wiper program Pirate Party Presses Charges Against Banks For WikiLeaks Blockade 11 yr old Afghan girl, student, polio vaccination volunteer...shot dead.  Tokyo to Take a Tougher Line With China Syrian rebels fight Palestinian proAssad group The Islamic Republic of Iran will not suspend 20 percent uranium enrichment because of the demands of others, said Atomic Energy Organization Director Fereidoun Abbasi. Saudi rights activist faces apostasy charge and death Police In Colombia Seize 1.5 Tons Of Cocaine In A Container That Was To Be Shipped To The US Armed militia in control of refugee camp in Damascus  Xinhua | English.news.cn Bilateral distrust between U.S., China at an alltime high Syrian Rebels Battle Palestinian Fighters in Damascus Palestinians flood into Lebanon after Damascus fighting Peak farmland is here. The amount of land needed to grow crops worldwide is at a peak and an area more than twice the size of France can return to nature by 2060 due to rising yields and slower population growth Japan cancels whaling hunt in Antarctic first time for 25 years The United States on Friday [4 April 2014] criticized proposals to build a European communication network to avoid emails and other data passing through the United States, warning that such rules could breach international trade laws. China Wants To Close 1,725 Coal Mines By The End Of This Year as one aspect of an effort to get coal down to 65 percent of Chinas energy mix by the end of this year MH370 Chinese search vessels discovers pulse signal in Indian Ocean Afghan voters defy Taliban, cast their ballots for a new president, regional councils  As polls opened amid threats of violence and lingering memories of fraud, Afghan voters turned out on Saturday morning to choose a president who will lead them into the postAmerican era in Afghanistan Christian couple in eastern Pakistan sentenced to death over 'blasphemous' text message Germany Opens Hearings On NSA Spying, Want To Offer Safe Passage For Snowden To Come To Berlin Bananageddon Millions Face Hunger As Deadly Fungus Decimates Global Banana Crop  Disease spreads from Asia to Africa and may already have jumped to crucial plantations in Latin America Frances newly elected farright mayors will reinstate school cafeteria menus featuring pork in the cities they govern, the National Front partys leader, Marine Le Pen, announced on Friday. A volcano just south of Ecuador's capital Quito has erupted, creating a spectacular plume of ash, 10km (six miles) high. Two drug tunnels, with rail systems, found at U.S.Mexico border North Korea tells world 'wait and see' on new nuclear test Ukraine rejects Russia Gazprom gas price hike Ukraine's interim prime minister said the price Russia was demanding was the highest in Europe (raised by 81% to $485.50), and that Ukraine was prepared to continue to buy at the previous rate of $268.50. U.S. will not stand in way of Scottish independence Salmond Erdogan Our national and moral values being disregarded as Turkey Court lifts Twitter ban Flooded Solomon Islands hit by 6.0 earthquake. (16 Confirmed deaths) Declassified Hours after a plane carrying the UN secretary general, Dag Hammarskjld, crashed over central Africa in September 1961, the US ambassador to Congo sent a cable to Washington claiming that the aircraft could have been shot down by a Belgian mercenary pilot. Ukraine servicemen leave Crimea, 8,000 join Russia instead of going back Japan quietly deploys destroyer in response to N. Korea's missile launch. India successfully launches navigation satellite IRNSS1B, closer to GPS alternative North Korea says US 'hellbent on regime change' 4,500 yearold path discovered near Galway Bay used by Celts Putin Defies Obama in Syria as Arms Fuel Assad Resurgence A Liberian bushmeat trapper who died of Ebola caught the virus despite living far away from the epicentre of the current epidemic in Guinea, raising fears of multiple concurrent outbreaks of the haemorrhagic fever. Angry mob attacks Ebola treatment centre in Guinea NASA detects ocean inside Saturn Moon, potential home for extraterrestrial microbes McDonald's Closes Crimea Restaurants  Offers to relocate staff who wish to move to Ukraine. Ukraine detains 12 riot police on suspicion of 'mass murder' The White House confirms a US government aid agency was behind a textmessage service that was allegedly designed to foment unrest in Cuba On Sunday, Nigeria will overtake South Africa and become Africa's biggest economy. Russia furious at Hitler comparison  The German finance minister's comparison of Crimea's takeover with the Nazi annexation of Sudetenland in 1938 has incensed Russia. German Chancellor Angela Merkel distanced herself from the statement. CIA torture report Dianne Feinstein called its findings shocking and the CIA's behavior in stark contrast to our values as a nation Crimea no more McDonald's or methadone after annexation Russia's annexation of Crimea sees shutdown of fast food chain and discontinuation of methadone programme for drug users U.S. Pushes Canada to Loosen Privacy Laws North Korean drones are analyzed, they contained pictures of Seoul, military bases in Baekryong island, and the Presidential residence. South Korean military denied their origins in March 24th, when one of the drones were initially found. Report FIFA threatens to expel Israel over restrictions on Palestinians Germany opens hearings on U.S. spying Over 10,000 march in Montreal against austerity; preelection protest was declared illegal as it began Korea's Largest Broadcaster Bans Pop Group Song For Using A Japanese Word South Korean Chaebol buying vast swathes of land in Canada to resurrect the extinct Mammoth U.S. warns China not to attempt Crimeastyle action in Asia Japan's biggest online retailer, Rakuten, ends whale meat sales Turkish court lifts YouTube ban A Mongolianflagged cargo ship has sunk off the southern coast of South Korea, with most of the 16 North Korean crew members on board missing, and two dead bodies recovered. Apparently separate outbreak of Ebola discovered in Liberia; reports of infection spreading to Mali. Canadianborn journalist Kathy Gannon wounded, AP photographer killed on assignment in Afghanistan | CTV News Ocean discovered on Enceladus may be best place to look for alien life US allegedly denies VISA to german activist for criticism of the TTIP freetrade agreement. China should not doubt the U.S. commitment to defend its Asian allies and the prospect of economic retaliation should also discourage Beijing from using force to pursue territorial claims in Asia in the way Russia has in Crimea, a senior U.S. official said on Thursday [3 April 2014]. Cambridge University Press refuses to publish book on Putin and his 'cronies' because of libel fears India losing 70% voice and call centre business to Philippines Norway refuses holiday visa to Russian TV's Dmitry Kiselyov, the anchor who recently said Russia was the only country that could reduce US to radioactive rubble French organic winegrower fined for refusing to spray grapes with pesticide Giboulot refused to comply with the official instructions on crop spraying on the ground that the insecticide caused collateral damage among pollinating insects, including bees. Syria's Assad says political Islam project has failed  there should be no mixing between political and religious work UK Gay conversion therapy should have no place in NHS, says health minister. Artists install massive poster of childs face in Pakistan field to shame drone operators Dmitry Medvedev If the Americans like to eat GMO products, let them eat it then. We dont need to do that; we have enough space and opportunities to produce organic food, he said. Serious Ebola Outbreak in West Africa, Rumored to be Airborne. North Korea issues warning, If a U.S. missile or the South Korean puppet forces' missile falls on any part of the DPRK (North Korea), it will pound all the strongholds of the enemy with merciless shower of missiles to reduce them to ashes Italian diplomat arrested for child trafficking Russian Soldier Kills Ukrainian Naval Officer in Crimea, Ukraine's Defence Ministry Says. ProRussian separatists declare east Ukrainian region independent Russia regrets NASA halting cooperation, warns of impact on ISS Russian Court Declares Ban on LGBT Rights Protests Illegal...Appeal to Follow Ukraine says Putin behind protesters' seizure of state buildings Snowden to Receive TruthTelling Prize Siberia's biggest city turns Red as Communists win mayoral election FIFA turns down U.S. request to ban Russia from hosting the 2018 World Cup Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered a crackdown on destructive nongovernment organisations, saying such groups were behind the mass protests that brought down Ukraine's government. Legislature of just proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic asks Putin move in peacekeepers Nigeria becomes Africa's biggest economy Rwanda on Sunday told France to face up to the difficult truth of its role in the 1994 genocide, amid a major diplomatic spat on the eve of commemorations marking the 20th anniversary of the killings. China Warns US To Stay Out Of Hong Kong Over Democratic Reform Merkel ally says U.S. assurances on NSA spying 'insufficient' India to kick off world's biggest election on Monday EU unhappy with Australia's decision to drop climate change from the G20 agenda Drone killings case thrown out in US  A US federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed against the government by the families of three American citizens killed by drones in Yemen, saying senior officials cannot be held personally responsible for money damages for the act of conducting war. Australian public servants will be urged to dob in colleagues posting political criticism of the Abbott government on social media, even if the comments are anonymous, under new Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet guidelines North Korea wants our television Under Kim Jongun, TV is pretty grim. But now the Supreme Leader is considering sampling the delights of Top Gear, Tinky Winky and Doctor Who BBC ProRussians storm government office in Donetsk, East Ukraine World's Oldest Decimal Times Table Found in China The newly deciphered multiplication table, written on bamboo strips dated to 310 B.C., was more sophisticated than earlier versions. Uganda police raid HIV project for 'homosexuality training' 109 killed during Afghan elections A Recovering US Is Outpacing Other Major Economies  NPR Ebola virus in Guinea most aggressive, near totally fatal Israeli forces demolish Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem US Response to Crimea Worries Japan's Leaders Finns have concerns over Russian nuclear power plant Israel warns Palestine of unilateral action Prime Minister Netanyahu says Israel will take action against the Palestinians, if they press ahead with statehood. Massive corruption at Ukraine's Naftogaz funnelled through western banks Ebola clinic in Guinea evacuated after attack The science spacecraft launched from Virginias coast last year has been orbiting the moon for months and is about to conclude its mission with a crash into the lunar surface. Afghanistan presidential election hit by unexpected problem  too many voters. Former ABN Banker, Wife, Daughter Found Dead at Home In Yemen Pentagons armed drones have stopped flying, a result of the ban on American military drone strikes imposed by the government there after a number of botched operations Farright youth movement seeks 'Europe of Fatherlands' A rare Mingera Chinese wine cup, one of only 19 known to exist, could fetch a record US$38 million or more when it goes under the hammer in Hong Kong next week MH370 Australia urged caution after Chinese ship detects pulse in Indian Ocean Lech Wasa, former Poland president Putin should be tried in The Hague Russian annexation of Crimea alarms Georgia. Russia controls a fifth of Georgian territory following the 2008 conflict in Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Opposition ballots found in trash bags in southern Turkey Mexican marines kill leader of Knights Templar drug cartel Saudi Arabia Doubles Down on Atheism; New Laws Declares It Equivalent to Terrorism  nonbelievers are assumed to be enemies of the Saudi state Lithuania bans Russian TV station over 'lies' New Leaks Show NSA, GCHQ Infiltrating Private German Companies Germany returns art stolen by Nazis in 1939 to Poland Chinas highspeed rail is so popular, its hurting the domestic airline industry. British sniper in Afghanistan kills six Taliban with one bullet Lufthansa pilots strike. 3,800 flights cancelled. Russia warns Kiev against NATO integration Russia warned Ukraine against integration with NATO on Tuesday, saying Kiev's previous attempts to move closer to the defence alliance had had unwelcome consequences. Campaign calls for Paris love locks to be banned. An estimated 700K padlocks now attached to locations across French capital; weight could risk structural integrity of the citys architecture. US accuses China of provoking Philippines Nato plans stronger military ties to exSoviet states Ministers consider joint exercises with Azerbaijan, Armenia and Moldova after annexation of Crimea Ocean Garbage Thwarts Flight 370 Search  The ocean is like a plastic soup, bulked up with the croutons of these larger items. It's like a toilet bowl that swirls but doesn't flush. Australian PM pledges search will continue indefinitely, despite obstacles. 'Torture was not essential to find bin Laden, US Senate report will find Ukraine crisis No sign of Russian troop pullout  Nato Afghanistan 7 militants blown up while making roadside bombs in mosque Gazprom hikes Ukraine gas price by a third The company's CEO says the change was because Kiev has failed to pay its bills. ... the price of Russian gas for Ukraine has gone up to $385.5 per 1,000 cubic metres in the second quarter of 2014 from the previous rate of $268.5. Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, found guilty of bribery Israel's former prime minister is expected to go to jail after a judge convicted of him of receiving 190,000 in bribes and accused him of lying in court The potential threats posed by coal and natural gas projects to the Great Barrier Reef are sparking everything from lawsuits to tweets from Hollywood stars. Theyre also prompting close scrutiny from investors as a global campaign against fossil fuels gains momentum. To replace drone strikes, US to give Yemen Hellfirearmed crop dusters Unidentified drone crashed on South Korean border island, suspected to be of North Korean origin Russia Raises Salaries and Pensions for Crimeans U.S. ambassador to India resigns after diplomatic row Journalists increasingly under fire from hackers Google researchers show 21 out of 25 top news organizations hit by statesponsored attacks. European Parliament passes strong net neutrality law, along with major roaming reforms Australia's government is considering making it illegal to boycott a company for environmental reasons EU votes net neutrality into law, abolishes mobile roaming charges Blocking and throttling Internet traffic will become illegal in the European Union following a parliamentary vote on Thursday ... The package also abolishes roaming charges for mobile phone use in the EU. Massive 7.8 earthquake (aftershock of yesterdays 8.2 quake) just hit 40km from Iquique, Chile. Damage and injuries are very likely to occur. [Live updates in article] Norwegian skydiver almost hit by a meteorite (caught on tape) US secretly created 'Cuban Twitter' to stir unrest and undermine government US Food Aid Already Being Sold on Black Market Websites in Ukraine  US sent 300,000 food rations to the Ukrainian army, some of which are now going for a dollar a meal on the web. NASA suspends collaboratation with Russia (except for ISS) over the situation in Ukraine Russia signs economic development and trade deal with North Korea North Korean intelligence official tells of aborted coups and assassination attempts One of only a handful of North Korean intelligence officials ever to have escaped the country paints a dark portrait of plotting and factions in Pyongyang Billionaire Ukrainian industrialist indicted in Chicago on bribery charges for participating in an international racketeering conspiracy involving at least $18.5 million in bribes to government officials in India to allow the mining of titanium minerals 1/4 of Europe's Bumblebees, Vital to Crops, Face Extinction NATO's Europe plans alarm Russia. Majority of Russians and Americans View Each Other's Country Negatively, Polls Show Syria says Russia reestablishing multipolar world Switzerland snubs U.S. effort to sanction Russian billionaires Saudi Arabia labels atheists as terrorists South Africa's government will distribute coloured and flavoured condoms among students to end condom fatigue, the health minister has said. Iran, Russia working to seal $20 bln oilforgoods deal  sources The FBI has completed of review of the inhome flight simulator that belonged to the captain of the missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet and found nothing suspicious whatsoever. Despite having been given $50 million in aid by Russia back in 2009, in retaliation for Russia taking over Crimea, the tiny Pacific microstate of Tuvalu scrapped its recognition of the Russian protectorates of South Ossetia and Abkhazia and established diplomatic relations with Georgia. South Korea investigates two suspected North Korean drones, containing a camera which has aerial pictures of Seoul and military bases along the west of the border Mexico's government has taken down almost the entire leadership of one of the country's most vicious drug cartels, but it can barely savor victory amid rising violence around the capital Armed men abduct Chinese, Philippine women from Malaysia resort reports Celebrity chef Nigella Lawson banned from flying to US after admitting drug use An 8.0 magnitude earthquake has struck offshore Northern Chile  Live coverage inside. Japan Halts Whaling Program in Response to International Court Ruling Putin Divorces Wife after 30 Years A suspected World War II bomb exploded in the Thai capital as scrap metal workers tried to cut it open with a blow torch March Was First Month Without U.S. Fatalities in Iraq or Afghanistan In 11 Years MPs criticise BBC over climate change reporting. Some editors appear to be particularly poor at determining the level of scientific expertise of contributors in debates, for instance, putting up lobbyists against top scientists as though their arguments on the science carry equal weight. Exxon Mobil says climate change unlikely to stop it selling fossil fuels oil giant issues report on risks that climate policies could pose to the value of its assets and future profitability Bombs explode outside of Cairo University Progov suppliers, not cats, cut off electricity on election night in Turkey Researchers testing a reallife humantodolphin translator have reported the first successful use of their technology in the wild, with a bottlenose dolphin pointing out a piece of nearby seaweed to a scientist in the water. Ukraine crisis Poland asks Nato to station 10,000 troops on its territory Ebola virus has spread from Guinea into Liberia and possibly Sierra Leone, as well as Guinea's capital, Conakry, which has a population of two million people. Senegal has closed its land border with Guinea. Turkey's Riot Police Use Water Cannons on Vote Fraud Protesters A newspaper editor in Vologda posted a tongueincheek letter to Putin, asking him to help topple the Russian city's 'corrupt oppressors.' He now faces 6 years in prison under charges of extremism. Ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych Crimea a part of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych, Ukraines ousted president, calls Russias annexation of Crimea a tragedy and says he hopes the Black Sea peninsula can come back under Ukraines fold someday. Bulgaria wary as Russia steps up military flights over Black Sea Russia's Last Independent TV Channel Is Fighting For Its Life, Asks For Help to Raise Funds Turkish Constitutional Court ruled that Twitter ban is unconstitutional  The high court issued same ruling, deeming the ban unlafwul, one week ago, only to be dismissed by the Turkish government Russia has threatened to retaliate against US diplomatic missions after JPMorgan Chase blocked a money transfer from a Russian embassy, in the clearest political fallout so far from sanctions imposed over the annexation of Crimea last month Amnesty Reports Dozens of Venezuela Torture Accounts Five days of rowdy protests in a southern Chinese city against a planned chemical plant have forced the authorities onto the back foot and underscored that breakneck economic growth no longer rides roughshod over public opinion in the world's second largest economy. Evacuations as Peru volcano rumbles to life, occurs just hours before 8.0 earthquake near Chile 1/4 of Europe's Bumblebee Species Risk Extinction Largely because of climate change & intensive farming, says the International Union for Conservation of Nature. China prefers to negotiate with countries individually, rather than in international forums, accounting for Chinese action in Pacific. China says it was provoked by Philippines' request for UN arbitration calls international dispute resolution illegal and unreasonable. Nigeria Muslims torch Christian church 'Shots fired' at French magazine HQ 90% of Bibi Netanyahus Campaign Funds From U.S. ISIS behead street magician for entertaining crowds in Syria with his tricks Denmark sets new world record in renewable energy production by covering 39% of the country's total electricity consumption in 2014 through wind power. ISIS Closes Schools In Syria, Leaving 670000 Children Without Education UN The European Union wants Turkey to explain how human traffickers could have taken two cargo ships filled with migrants out of the country and towards the EU without the authorities noticing. 10 people have died in a shooting at the headquarters of the French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo Most Earthlike planet ever discovered could be a cosy home for alien life | The planet, named Kepler 438b, is slightly larger than Earth and circles an orange dwarf star that bathes it in 40% more heat than our home planet receives from the sun. New questions raised about U.S.Saudi relationship. The 28 pages. U.S. legislators pushing to know more about alleged Saudi role in 9/11 Massive hunt underway for gunmen in Paris terror attack 2014 Was Officially the Hottest Year on Record. And all 10 of the hottest years on record have come after 1998 Chinese authorities have isolated and separated families of Shanghai stampede victims to keep them from organizing; only allow them 5 minutes of mourning at the site and drag them away if they get too emotional German antiMuslim protesters rally despite Merkel plea China encourages environmental groups to sue polluters Groups that work to fight polluters judicially will gain special status and have court fees reduced, Supreme Peoples Court says United Nations Secretary General Ban Kimoon says Palestine will join international Criminal Court on April 1st. Discovery of witnesss mutilated body feeds claims of state killings in Kenya | The gruesome murder of a man who had been due to testify in the ICC trial of Kenyas deputy president, William Ruto, has fed accusations that the government is orchestrating the killing of witnesses. Radical Islam a growing threat to subSaharan Christians report Tony Blair may 'face war crime charges' over Iraq.The delay in the publication of the Chilcot inquiry into the Iraq War has made people believe Tony Blair could face war crimes charges, ministers have been warned. Benjamin Netanyahu says settlements unlikely to be dismantled if he's elected again as Israel 's PM Tasmania moves to allow corporations to sue protesters for defamation Indonesia search chief Tail section of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 found  Flight recorders inside Tail section North Korean Defector Bureau 121 Hackers located in Shenyang, China. Female suicide bomber attacks police station in Istanbul. IS to turn Syria schools into religious indoctrination centers | Over 670,000 children have been deprived of education after the Islamic State ordered schools to be closed. Schools will be reopened only after the curriculum is Islamicized, with religion replacing standard subjects. Ebola vaccine trials in Halifax so far a success US oil falls below $50 a barrel Toyota gives away 5,680 fuel cell patents to build 'gamechanging' car of the future Young Indian couple who had been granted police protection because relatives did not approve are hacked to death when officers refused to carry out judges orders A senior figure in Islamic States selfdeclared police force in Syria, which has carried out beheadings, was himself found decapitated in the eastern province of Deir alZor Fukushima rice passes radiation tests for 1st time since disaster Nearly all Spanish parties guilty of financial crimes, Audit Court finds King Abdullah to abdicate Saudi Throne Taliban Commander Caught Networking On LinkedIn Mexican missing students mayor's wife charged with organized crime and money laundering New York Times reporter James Risen refused on Monday to answer all but a few basic questions in court about his book detailing a failed CIA effort to undermine Iran's nuclear weapons program, in a case that has become a flashpoint for press freedom. S. Korea sends sweet potatoes to N. Korea for nutritional aid Turkey Dutch journalist Frederike Geerdink detained on 'terrorism propaganda' charges KUALA LUMPUR, Jan 4  Islam prohibits its married men from being the homemaker in the family, the governments Malaysian Institute of Islamic Understanding (Ikim) has said Iraqi MP'Iran and their Top General, Qassem Suleimani, saved Baghdad from falling to IS' Pakistan offers $100,000 bounty for Taliban leader Thousands of Indians have fled from their homes as fighting between India and Pakistan spread along a 200km (124 mile) stretch of the border in the disputed region of Kashmir. Turkey sacks judges who oversaw Erdogan corruption probeaccused of abusing their authority SpaceX Falcon 9 launch and recovery has been aborted. Next launch window could be as early as Friday. CNN Americans charged in botched Gambia coup Islamic State 'Police' Official Beheaded. Libya bans Palestinians from country to prevent entry of terrorists A judicial inquiry was opened in France on Monday into how inmates at one of the countrys most notorious prisons were able to take photos of themselves posing with drugs, money and other contraband and upload them onto Facebook Video has captured the moment a cameraman was hurled backwards as he filmed an exploding fireworks factory in a small town in Colombia. Syria has complained to the United Nations that U.S. Republican Senator John McCain, former French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner and former U.S. diplomat Peter Galbraith entered the country without visas in violation of its sovereignty. Tests over, India set to make the iris of biggest telescope ever Moscow&gt;Beijing high speed train will reduce trip time to 48 hours, from the current 7 days Two ancient tombs were discovered in Egypt on Sunday, with one representing a symbolic burial site of the god Osiris while another is claimed to be a previously unknown pharaonic tomb. China complains to Pyongyang after N Korean soldier kills villagers | World news Scotland Headed Towards Being Fossil FuelFree by 2030  Renewable energy projects combined with energy savings could decarbonise the countrys power sector. We need to see the phasing out of conventional generation in Scotland. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday he will express remorse for Japans actions in World War II while highlighting the countrys bid to contribute more actively to world peace in his statement marking the 70th anniversary of the wars end in August. Sex slave at centre of Prince Andrew scandal fled to Australia as a teen Gay relative of Hamas founder faces deportation from Canada Christian convert, 24, whose five uncles were jailed in Israel for terror activity, says hell be killed if forced to return to West Bank The number of female drug addicts in Iran has almost doubled since 2007, with more than 50% starting between the ages of 15 and 19 After Decades of Searching, the Causeway for the Great Pyramid of Egypt has been Found India lost 64 tigers in 2014 Lizard Squad hacking of Sony was huge marketing scheme to launch Lizard Stresser, a paid hacking service. Russia 'may face chaos' if extra sanctions imposed Germany The Saudi air and land forces carry out an attack on ISIS within its territory ISIL is reportedly setting up a bank in attempt to 'legitimatise' itself as a nation state Israel to brand antiassimilation group Lehava as terrorists The Islamic State has approved a 2015 budget of $2 billion, with an expected surplus of $250 million and has opened an Islamic Bank in Mosul. The budget reportedly includes monthly wages for the poor, disabled and families of individuals killed in airstrikes carried out by USled coalition forces Iceland To Withdraw EU Application, Lift Capital Controls Blackfield Capital Founder Goes Missing The value of the ruble isn't the only thing that is vanishing in Russia. A Moscow hedge fund chief executive has disappeared, along with all the money in the firm's accounts Rocket stage crashes back to Earth in rural Chinese village. 2 Dead as Aircraft Bombs Greek Tanker in Libyan Port Belgian murderer Frank Van Den Bleeken to die at own request. A Belgian murderer and rapist serving a life sentence is to be allowed to die by lethal injection next Sunday following a ruling under laws in Belgium permitting people to request euthanasia. Czech President criticizes Ukrainian PM; says Yatsenyuk is 'prime minister of war' 3 Vietnamese jets join search for 16 missing Filipinos in Bahamian cargo ship sinking France seeks end to Russia sanctions over Ukraine China scraps rare earths caps AirAsia plane engine dies just before takeoff from Surabaya. 90% of passengers refuse to reembark plane for takeoff after problem was rectified Merkel prepared to let Greece exit eurozone report Iran's elite Revolutionary Guards Corps thwarted a Mossad assassination attempt against one of its nuclear scientists, a senior Iranian security official said on Saturday. Chinese demand for tiger wine and skins puts wild cats in peril France most notorious and internationally bestknown novelist Michel Houellebecq insisted Saturday that his new book Submission, which envisions a future France ruled by a Muslim government, is not a farright racist scare story Taxpayers' bill for policing WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's twoyear stay in Ecuadorian embassy soars to 9MILLION Ship collision causes 33,000 barrel oil spill off Singapore Jews Leaving Europe For Israel In Record Numbers Following ICC application, Israel freezes Palestinian tax funds Thatcher confidant raped boy and police covered crime up  Telegraph Less than 48 hours after the Coast Guard destroyed a boat it suspected was ferrying explosives and terrorists from Pakistan into Indian waters, new evidence has begun to emerge that those on board might have been liquor and diesel smugglers French mayor shows mercy after baby Roma girl denied burial spot | A French mayor has granted a burial place to a baby Roma girl, after the family were refused permission in a neighboring town. Staunchly conservative mayor Richard Trinquier said it was a question of humanity. Armenia Joins RussiaLed Eurasian Economic Union A New Zealander is Facing Four Years in a Burmese Prison for Insulting Buddhism Boko Haram 'seizes Nigerian army base' Iran says no to new law on hijab, saying it is unconstitutional Israel won't let its soldiers be dragged to ICC Islamist militants have abducted 20 Egyptian Christians in Libya in recent days Many of Spains small businesses are being wiped out after New Years Day Major search after ship overturns off north of Scotland Iran must end isolation for economy to boom Rouhani Intelligence agencies have warned that a DelhiKabul flight may be hijacked by terrorists. The input is 'quite specific' and also mentions that an Air India flight could be targeted. Indian airports on high alert Indian and Pakistani Guards Trade Fire on Disputed Border Saudi Arabian King Abdullah, 90, hospitalised with pneumonia in Riyadh Buckingham Palace 'emphatically denies' Prince Andrew sex claims Shark fin trade from Hong Kong to China drops almost 90 per cent in one year Carbon Dioxide Levels Climb Into Uncharted Territory for Humans. The amount of carbon dioxide in the Earth's atmosphere has exceeded 402 parts per million (ppm) during the past two days of observations, which is higher than at any time in at least the past 800,000 years German Chancellor Angela Merkel denied access to her own NSA file Edward Snowden Whistleblower 'did complain to NSA' before leaking classified US Government documents Iraq ready to legalise childhood marriage Ukraine vows to use force if proRussian protesters dont leave occupied buildings Kim reelected as North Korean leader Turkey reports Russian missile systems radarlocked on its F16s near Syrian border Voters in South Africa told those who receive social welfare grants but vote for opposition political parties are stealing from government Ukraine's Jews dismiss claims of antisemitism, say Kiev is not in the hands of NeoNazis Kerry focuses blame on Israel for collapse of talks  The prisoners were not released by Israel on the day they were supposed to be released and then another day passed and another day, and then 700 units were approved in Jerusalem and then poof  that was sort of the moment, Kerry said Syrian insurgents reveal they are using USmade antitank missiles. TOWs are likely acquired from regional supporters of the opposition, either Saudi Arabia or Turkey. Pharaonic seal found in ancient coffin in Israel Israeli archaeologists unveiled on Wednesday a 3,300yearold coffin containing a signet ring bearing the name of an Egyptian pharaoh among the remains of what they believe was a local nobleman. 60 People Taken Hostage In Ukraine's East Dutch priest who refused to leave Syria assassinated at his monastery Tensions between China and the United States were on full display on Tuesday [8 April 2014] as Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel faced questions in Beijing about America's position in bitter territorial disputes with regional U.S. allies. US accuses Russia of sending spies into eastern Ukraine to 'create chaos' WHO says Ebola outbreak in West Africa one of most challenging Italy has rescued 4,000 migrants from boats trying to reach European shores in the past 48 hours in a deepening immigration crisis 'I Will Tear His Head Off' How the Italian Mafia Is Infiltrating Germany  A trial currently underway in Cologne showcases the extent of the Italian Mob's infiltration of German society and the construction business. Critics claim authorities have been far too lax in cracking down on Mafia activity 3rd confirmed North Korean drone found, this time in Samcheok, a town 130 kilometers away from the Border. Drone was found by a herb harvester, who kept his findings to himself until the 2 drones were originally found. North Korea, however, denies involvement. India's Mars mission crosses half the distance Crimeans Made Homeless by Annexation Seek Solace in Kiev Asylums Catalonia independence vote rejected by Spanish MPs Nordic countries condemn Russia Swedes to give sixhour workday a go Municipal staff in Gothenburg will act as guinea pigs in a proposed push for sixhour workdays with full pay, with hopes that it will cut down on sick leave, boost efficiency, and ultimately save Sweden money. School in Canada makes nonvaccinated students stay home to halt the spread of measles Ukraine Turmoil Leaves Zoo Animals Starving  Over 6,000 in dire straits. 114yrold Nikolaev Zoo survived 2 world wars, but likely not this. Only enough left for carnivores to eat today & tomorrow. Herbivores will last 1 more week. No medical supplies. A man with total amnesia has turned up in Norway. He speaks 4 languages, including Russian, and calls himself John Smith. No legal means exist to challenge mass surveillance, says NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden Plane Search Shows World's Oceans Are Full of Trash Leading environmental scientists say Australia's Tony Abbott has engineered, in less than one year in office, and environmental train wreck, that could potentially cause irreversible damage to some of the world's most fragile ecosystems. Philippine top court approves birth control law The Philippines highest court approved Tuesday a birth control law that supporters said would transform the lives of millions of poor Filipinos, in a stunning defeat for the powerful Catholic Church. Quebec has voted the separatist Parti Quebecois out of office. A new majority government will be formed by the Liberal Party. South Korea, U.S., Japan issue joint warning to North Korea, If North Korea goes ahead with another nuclear test, we, along with the international community, will make it pay the price for that Japan's Biggest Drugmaker Is Hit With $6 Billion Penalty For Concealing Cancer Risks Edward Snowdens Testimony to European Parliament on NSA [Full Transcript] Overwhelmed by crime, Argentina declares emergency in Buenos Aires EU top court rules EU data retention law invalid Edward Snowden US government spied on human rights workers Liechtenstein bank chief shot dead Ukraine has launched an antiterrorist operation in the eastern city of Kharkiv and about 70 separatists have been arrested for seizing the regional administration building Ebola still spreading, World Health Organisation expects outbreak to last 24 months Antisemitism on the rise in Europe Hungarian farright antisemitic party wins 20% of the votes BBC News  Ukraine crisis Violent brawl at Kiev parliament EU, Russia, Ukraine and US will hold joint talks in next 10 days, as EU diplomat blames Russian lobby for lack of action in Europe Polish MP is living in London on 100 a week budget to see why so many Poles prefer Britain to their homeland Tasmanian Forests Set for Logging as Govt Pushes Ahead to Repeal Protection  State plans to tear up historic deal between industry & greens protecting 400,000 hectares of forest, some pristine. China has surpassed the USA in porn consumption. Ukraine fears 'Crimea scenario' in east Putin sends New Years Greetings to Obama, saying the two countries share mutual responsibility to ensure world peace. Putin said the coming year will mark 70 years since the end of World War II when countries united against Adolf Hitler. North Korean leader Kim Jongun has offered to hold talks at the highest level with South Korea Space Station Crew to Raise Toasts for New Years Eve 16 Times U.S spy released from Cuba to American authorities hasn't been heard from since the deal was announced despite the fact that he called his parents daily before his release Russia slashing vodka prices as economy reels Shanghai new year crush 'kills 35' Gunman opens fire on Turkish president Erdogan's office Fukushima contamination arrives off Canadian coast Saudi Arabia's national airline plans to keep men and women apart after passengers objected to onboard gender mixing. Flight staff at Saudi Arabia's airports would be instructed to keep men and women segregated on board Saudia planes, unless they are close relatives. Palestinians Move to Join International Criminal Court, Defying Israeli and U.S. Warnings Assad eats hummus with troops No one is celebrating the new year, we are in war  Middle East British police have reportedly arrested a Lizard Squad member India blocks websites for hosting ISIS content Kurdish forces seize 70% of Kobane Polish farmers threaten uprising over opencast coalmine | Heinz unites with farmers in rebellion against plan to build a vast lignite mine and power plant on farming land in western Poland Bolivian President Morales accuses U.S. of economic terrorism Thirtyfive people have been killed in a stampede during New Year's celebrations in downtown Shanghai Iraqi media says ISIS militants have contracted Ebola Creeping construction Israel to build 600 new settlements in the West bank HarperCollins omits Israel from atlases sold to Englishspeaking Mideast schools IDF probes into Gaza war conduct threaten to tear military apart from within  A bombshell has fallen within the ranks, turning military commanders and lawyers against each other on a possibly unprecedented level. After border firing kills jawan, India retaliates by killing 4 Pakistani troops Turkey grants 1 million Syrian refugees secure legal status, with access to basic services like health care and education. Worlds top publisher regrets erasing Israel from atlas meant for Middle East customers Kim Jong Un wants highlevel summit with South Korea