 In Turkey, 'police are packing people into the subway stations and throwing in tear gas, attacking hospitals where the injured are being treated.' Revolution in 90 seconds.This is what happening right now in Turkey. Help us spread the word. The Islamist government of turkey is about to fall. Minute by minute updates. Thousands in Mexico Protest Monsanto by Throwing a Carnival of Corn 10 Russian MiG29 fighter jets headed to Syria, which asks for more... Japan pledges 32 billion in aid to Africa Saudi Authorities Ban Guy Fawkes Masks Italy announces first case of SARSlike coronavirus. The virus has now reached Italy, France, Germany, and Britain Russia to sell MiG fighters to Syria Costa Rica poachers 'kill turtle activist' An environmentalist campaigning for the protection of endangered sea turtles in Costa Rica has been found dead in a suspected killing by smugglers Richest 1% control 39% of world's wealth and growing Islam cartoon pulled from Australian student newspaper website. Australian National University vicechancellor says the cartoon satirising Islam overstepped the mark. Horror in a mass sterilization camp Unconscious Indian women were dumped in a field after undergoing a painful sterilization operation Three strikes for filesharing fails to halt music sales decline in France Monsanto gives up fight for GM plants in Europe Chinese women learn how to marry elite foreigners in 90 days Graphic Syrian Civil War is Bleeding Beyond its Borders [xpost from /r/infographic] Russia to send nuclear submarines to southern seas France to ban electronic cigarettes in public Mexicos expresident Vicente Fox backs nationwide legal pot market in the US Ethiopia has begun diverting the flow of the River Nile as part of its controversial scheme to build Africas largest hydroelectric dam. Construction has already caused significant concern in Egypt, which is totally dependent on the Nile for water. NATO data Assad winning the war for Syrians hearts and minds India to raise 40,000 additional troops with offensive capabilities to counter China along shared border. China Skeptical Of Expanded US Role In The Pacific A Chinese military leader on Saturday [1 June 2013] pointedly questioned the expanded U.S. role in the Pacific after the Pentagon chief said he hoped for better military ties between the two powers. Two global meat giants with shady food safety histories are planning to merge in hopes of becoming the most powerful meat producer in the world. Smithfield Foods, the largest pork producer in the U.S., has been bought by Chinas Shuanghui International Holdings Limited. Based on requests, the pictures of the protests going on in Turkey. You will see how big the protest is. It is believed it has reached 1 million people througout Turkey. You will also see how brutally violent the police is. Turkey Prime Minister, Erdogan says protestors should go home, If you bring 100,000, I'll bring out a million. Youth unemployment in Greece and Spain above 50 percent, could hit 70 percent in early 2014 Egypt's top court rules that Islamistdominated Senate and the panel that drafted constitution are illegal 13yrold student reprimanded for stopping a knifeweilding bully at school. Say what you will about Greenpeace, their office is in the middle of the chaos in Turkey. They're treating the injured  this is their update. Monsanto shares fall as South Korea joins pause in wheat imports from the US An Oxford University researcher and author specializing in neuroscience has suggested that one day religious fundamentalism may be treated as a curable mental illness Canadian relief for Oklahoma tornado victims denied at border The new suffragettes The Kurdish woman fighting against female genital mutilation A stunning 90sec video of Turkeys protests It started over the govts plan to turn a park into a mall but have since become a broad rebuke to the 10year leadership of Mr. Erdogan and his Islamistrooted Justice and Development Party...which has adopted authoritarian tactics. Russia Is Upping The Ante By Sending Its Only Aircraft Carrier To The Mediterranean US call for full Tiananmen massacre disclosure angers China Update on the Turkey situation from Al Jazeera. Interesting read. 'Begging Mafia' in Pakistan is kidnapping children, inflicting them with disabilities, and then forcing them to beg for money, already thousands of children are kidnapped every year Syria Rebukes Erdogan Over Turkish Protest Violence AlQaeda poison gas cell busted in Baghdad Iraqs defense ministry Iraq captures suspected Al Qaeda cell that planned to make chemical weapons U.S. company allegedly caught aiding Syria and Iran in censorship efforts The American embassy in Cairo has bad news for anyone traveling to Egypt For now, the pyramids in Giza should be considered off limits  at least if you're visiting without a trusted guide. Mentallyill patients were 'Tasered' more than 50 times in three years Freedom of Information request reveals extent of stungun use by UK police in psychiatric ward New web censorship rule bans gay content in Singapore In Somalia, polio vaccines rejected over rumours spread by Islamic extremists | CTV News China accuses US of prejudice after it calls for a full account of 1989 Tiananmen crackdown China Will Soon Be Drilling A Third Of Iraq's Oil Human rights activist Ethem Sarslk was shot in the head and killed by the police during the protests in the capital Ankara. Confirmed by multiple witnesses, footage available. Turkish media ignoring the story. Turkish PM To me, social media is the worst menace to society Turkish protesters trying to raise funds for a full page ad at Washington Post or New York Times Girl, 14, gang raped by 4 men, labelled a 'black virgin' and condemned to death by her village in rural Pakistan for speaking out about it. Pope Francis meets Atheist Uruguayan president Jose Mujica I think that if they let him, hes going to make a revolution inside the Church, towards simplicity. Hes just like talking to a good neighbour youve known for years Canada set to ban lifelong confinement of pigs in small cages The days of pregnant pigs being confined in cages roughly the same size as their bodies are numbered. Turkish PM There is now a menace which is called Twitter. To me, social media is the worst menace to society Twitter is a troublemaker Turkish PM Stop killer robots now, UN asks  Countries are developing armed robots that can kill without the need for human choice or intervention, and they need to call a halt before it's too late Turkish Union to Strike From Tuesday Over Unrest to support protestors Syria warns its citizens not to go to Turkey because of protests Turtle conservationist shot dead 'by poachers' on Costa Rica beach  Jairo Mora Sandoval, 26, died just weeks after posting a Facebook plea for police help with turtleegg thieves. Only 'Unevolved Apes Want Nukes!' Japanese Demand End to Nuclear Era Thousands rally in Tokyo as nuclear restarts loom Islamic cleric decrees it OK for Syrian rebels to rape women UK Internet provider Sky Broadband has quietly started to restrict access to a wide range of proxy sites through which subscribers could reach Piratebay, Kat.ph, Movie2k and other blocked sites. Flo Rida refuses to pay $400,000 in damages because he doesn't think Australia has any jurisdiction over him. Almost 100 Afghan schoolgirls poisoned in suspected gas attack Turkish Leader Defies the Turkish people and Says Protests Will Not Stop Plans for Park Calling protesters looters and bums, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that plans to demolish a public park would continue, despite public opposition Laos Admits Handing Over North Korean Defectors to Pyongyang Prague evacuated, state of emergency as floods grip Czech Republic Protests in Turkey Reveal a Larger Fight Over Identity For many Turks, the development of urban spaces is not so much progress as a reflection of growing autocratic ambitions by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and a fight against Islamism Egypt's Supreme Constitutional Court has ruled that the nation's Islamistdominated legislature and constitutional panel were illegally elected, dealing a serious blow to the legal basis of the Islamists' hold on power. [xpost /r/LegalNews] Insight North Korean economy surrenders to foreign currency invasion Turkeys Leader Blames Rioting on Extremists Portugal stage biggest protest since 1974 revolution whilst international mainstream media ignores it Turkish protesters raise $55,000 for fullpage ad in New York Times | World news This is a place for Arabs, he said, before headbutting victim. French court convicts north African of antiwhite racism Why Finnish babies sleep in cardboard boxes Turkish police captured smashing down windows and throwing gas bombs to a civilian house! Turkish Military helping protestors with paramedics and face masks distribution Peaceful Turkish protester has been shot by Turkish police, 4 times, in head. The protests in Turkey have brought together people from all walks of life, including engineers, teachers, construction workers, leftists and even some former supporters of Prime Minister Erdogan. They are demanding changes in a country that is more divided than ever before Turkish government is giving instruction to the seized news channel to not broadcast the speech of the opposition party leader[TURKISH, Translate link on the comments] 3,000 Injured in Turkey Protests Turkish protestors using encryption software to evade censors 22yearold man shot in the head during protest in Turkish town of Antakya near Syrian border; a defiant Erdogan says that protesters who are responsible for country's worst riots in years are arm in arm with terrorism. King Mohammed VI of Morocco refuses to meet Erdogan Police in the UK force shopkeeper to stop selling a Tshirt that says Obey our laws, respect our beliefs or get out of our country Turkish president Abdullah Gl defends people's right to protest Turkish union starts strike. The leftleaning confederation has some 240,000 members in 11 unions Turkish PM Erdogan while on visit to Morocco says about protestsThe situation will soon calm down. I will return from my visit and the problems will be solved Colombias controversial cure for coke addicts Give them marijuana American woman gangraped in India Controversy erupts over dancing ban in Indonesia. Why? Shariah Law. Turkish stock market falls 10.5% as demonstrations escalate Israeli female soldiers disciplined for racy Facebook photos [NSFW] 7 rhinos killed by poachers in Kenya's bloodiest week  Kenyans aghast as deadly coordinated attacks bring country's rhino death toll to 24 this year. I'd be surprised if there were over 500 left in Kenya. Oil Spill in Amazon Basin Threatens to Damage Ecuadorian National Park with Greatest Biodiversity on Earth Greek leftists march in support of Turkish protesters As Turks Challenge Leaders Power, He Tries to Expand It Turkish police started arresting people for tweeting and facebooking about the protests (local news from CNN Turk needs translation) Tens of thousands in Iran protest against Khamenei, chant 'death to dictator' Facebook blocks links to Turkish protest organizing tool Explicit evidence of Turkish state violence  in pictures An Islamic centre in north London has been destroyed by a fire in an apparent racially motivated attack. Activists in Turkey have demanded the sacking of police chiefs in Istanbul, Ankara and other cities over their forces' violent responses to protests. Russian police uncover subterranean migrant city The city contained a factory complete with sewing machines and tables where the illegal migrants were kept to sew clothes... The underground complex was also equipped with a market, cafe, cinema and casino. Beijing allegedly went dark at noon because of smog and storm Third person killed in Turkey protests Internet Surveillance and Free Speech the UN Makes the Connection  Communications surveillance should be regarded as a highly intrusive act that potentially interferes with the rights to freedom of expression and privacy and threatens the foundations of a democratic society Secret Photographs of Hitler Bunker in Berlin. Starting in 1987, Robert Conrad risked his freedom to secretly photograph Adolf Hitler's decaying bunker in what was then East Berlin. Disguised as a construction worker, he snuck inside some 30 times, and has now finally revealed his work. Latvia to become 18th eurozone member Erdogan wrecking Turkey's image as model democracy, critics say BBC News  France 'confirms sarin use in Syria' UK Muslim father threatens to honour kill his daughter, walks free Istanbul United protests bring rival fans together, for now 50,000 Rally in Hong Kong on Tiananmen Square Anniversary Saudi Arabia bans Viber because it cannot monitor it Japan tests 310mph bullet train Turkish Official Apologizes for Force Used at Start of Riots Chinese Girl Raped by Indian Man in Hong Kong, Chinese reactions No miniskirts on buses, Beijing police tell women to avoid harassment. Pakistan's new PM calls for halt to US drone attacks. The ruling Liberal Democratic Party is compiling a new set of defense guidelines that would allow Japans armed forces, for the first time, to develop offensive capability, and to strike first if an attack appears imminent Former Slovenian Prime Minister Janez Jansa sentenced to two years for corruption Mr Erdogan has intimidated the media into selfcensorship as the protesters choked on tear gas, the television networks carried programmes about cooking and penguins. More journalists are in jail in Turkey than in China. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said plans to redevelop a park in Istanbul will go ahead despite mass protests now in their seventh day. Church of England gives up fight against gay marriage The Church of England has effectively accepted defeat over gay marriage signalling that it will no longer fight against a change in the law. Turkish Protests Are About Democracy, Not Religion 18yearold Paris student left brain dead after brutal attack by farright skinheads Girl Gang Raped in Pakistan Dares to Fight for Justice Pope Francis says wasting food is like stealing from the poor Israeli judge resigns after commenting some girls 'enjoy being raped' | CTV News UN Countries that engage in bulk, warrantless Internet surveillance are violating human rights Turkish police arrest 25 people for using social media to call for protest BBC Crowds in Taksim Square bigger than ever tonight. Teacher who had over 200 child porn pictures on his computer is allowed to return to work. Former Mexico president calls for marijuana legalization IMF 'to admit mistakes' in handling Greek debt crisis and bailout. Hamas Orders Christian Schools In Gaza To Enforce Sharia Gender Separation Rules Or Face Closure North and South Korea Agree to First Dialogue in Years Spanish MPs abolish subsidised alcoholic drinks in parliament bars after public outcry. Theres no money for school lunches, but there is some for gin and tonics In Nigeria, They are killing people without asking who they are. When they see young men in traditional robes, they shoot them on the spot. German High Court Supports Equal Tax Privileges for Gay Couples Brilliant! Spanish town mailing unscooped poop to the dog owners who leave it behind. Fake farm concealed underground growop in Langley, B.C. Sheep and pig help disguise growop bunker as hobby farm Turkish trade unions join protests against PM Erdogan Iran bans dogwalking in public and warn animals could be 'arrested' if caught outside Police slash ankles and arms of more than 70 men in Papua New Guinea A mousesized fossil from China has provided remarkable new insights into the origin of primates. At 55 million years old, Archicebus, which roughly translates as ancient monkey, represents the earliest known member of this broad group of animals that includes humans EFF has so much evidence of the NSA surveillance now that they've created a timeline White House admits it has 'access' to Facebook, Google Leaked NSA presentation claims that NSA has direct access to servers at Google, Apple, Facebook, Skype, Yahoo, and many others Anonymous Just Leaked a Trove of NSA Documents PRISM Is Also The Name Of A Product From Palantir, A $5 Billion Tech Startup Funded By The CIA UK gathering secret intelligence via covert NSA operation Monsanto says it can't explain how GMO wheat from program discontinued 9 years ago could have survived out in the wild Russian President Vladimir Putin and his wife announce their 'marriage is over' U.S. intel mining data from nine Internet companies in broad secret program Erdogan returns to Turkey No power but Allah can stop Turkey's rise. Cambodia approves a law making it a crime to deny that atrocities were committed by the genocidal 1970s communist Khmer Rouge regime Thousands of citizens of Sarajevo are blockading the parliament and not allowing the ministers to leave Sweet conspiracy? Nestle, Mars charged with chocolate pricefixing in Canada Turkey's 'Other 50 Percent' Demand a Voice  Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan is driving a wedge through his country. While one half reveres him as a savior, the other reviles him as a dictator. By continuing to condemn his opponents and ignore their demands, he is playing a dangerous game. 165 kidnap victims freed in Mexico The Internet is a Surveillance State Six newspapers, one title. Six big Turkish papers all headline the exact same quote from a speech by prime minister Erdogan made yesterday, reflecting the media censorship. Amount of Carbon Dioxide in the Air is Now Higher Than Any Time in the Last 3,000,000 Years British MP caught on camera, You look like a bloody Jew Fire at Cattenom nuclear power plant in France (35km from Luxembourg) (French/German article) Heracleion Photos Lost Egyptian City Revealed After 1,200 Years Under Sea PM who takes things personally Erdogan to demolish park despite protests BBC News  Rape suspect buried alive in Bolivia Occupy Istanbul hits London with major protest France in shock after teenage farleft activist dies following fight with skinheads What we have... is... concrete proof of U.S.based... companies participating with the NSA in wholesale surveillance on us, the rest of the world, the nonAmerican, you and me, Mikko Hypponen, chief research officer at Finnish software security firm FSecure. Glenn Greenwald, journalist who broke the PRISM story U.S. wants to destroy privacy worldwide NSA Prism Why I'm boycotting US cloud tech  and you should too. 'Not subject to American law'  the next desirable IT feature Male train drivers in Stockholm have found a novel way to get around a workplace ban on wearing shorts at work. They have taken to wearing skirts to keep cool in train cabs that can reach up to 35C Web inventor BernersLee warns forces are 'trying to take control' When government officials came to Silicon Valley to demand easier ways for the world's largest Internet companies to turn over user data as part of a secret surveillance program, the companies bristled. In the end, though, many cooperated at least a bit. More than 100 of the world's most powerful people are at the former manor house near London for a secretive annual gathering, the Bilderberg meeting, that has attained legendary status in the eyes of anticapitalist protesters and conspiracy theorists. Assange US rule of law suffering 'calamitous collapse' Putin orders crackdown on Islamists, police detain 300 people. We must fight back hard against extremists who, under the banners of radicalism, nationalism and separatism, are trying to split our society, Putin said Archaeologists are working to save a Buddhist site of immense significance in Afghanistan from imminent destruction by a Chinese mining firm. Thousands turn out for Tel Aviv Gay Pride Parade Indeed, when the U.S. says only nonU.S. citizens are targeted in some instances, that certainly suggests that Canadians are a potential target. Obama orders US to draw up overseas target list for cyberattacks Saudi billionaire prince sues Forbes magazine because it understated his wealth by $10 billion UK government 'complicit' in NSA PRISM spy program, may have bypassed international treaties Erdoan accuses EU members of hypocrisy over Turkey protests  Turkish PM says methods used by Turkish police to quell demonstrations are little different from those used in US and UK Corporate power has turned Britain into a corrupt state Westminster lobbying is the least of it. Revolvingdoor colonisation of public life is a corrosive threat to democracy The last rebel stronghold near the strategic town of Qusair, western Syria, has fallen to government forces, Syrian state TV says. Saudi Silence on Deadly MERS Virus Outbreak Frustrates World Health Experts. Middle East respiratory syndrome, a cousin of SARS, has sparked global concern for its pandemic potential, but Saudi Arabia has yet to release information that could help protect the rest of the world. British Intelligence watchdog flies to Washington to demand answers on snooping scandal Too many immigrants in France, says exPM Fillon  Eyeing his conservative UMP party's nomination for the 2017 presidential election, former prime minister Franois Fillon said Thursday that France needs to reduce the number of immigrants it allows into the country. Mars rover, Curiosity finds evidence of drinkable water on mars. Dont dump radioactive groundwater into sea, Fukushima fishermen tell Tepco A suicidal man started a fire on a packed commuter bus in southeastern China that killed 47 people, state media report. Turkey protests Erdogan rejects EU criticism Turkish game show host breaks selfcensorship by making answers about ongoing unrest 70 times. The real story in the NSA scandal is the collapse of journalism Bradley Manning Nobel Peace Prize Petition Gains 65,000 Signatures (VIDEO) New NSA slide released by Guardian Prism takes data directly from servers, 4 other programs take data from cables Celebrated scifi author Ian Banks dies of cancer Egyptian government holds secret meeting on preventing/destroying Ethiopian dam. Unbeknownst to them, the secret meeting was being broadcast on live television. A man in an Afghan uniform turned his weapon on American trainers working with him in the eastern province of Paktika, killing three of them, while an attacker with a grenade killed an Italian soldier in the west, officials have said. Ankara police disperse protesters with tear gas as Turkish officials say 'process is under control' Turks tango in their gas masks as they defy orders of Prime Minister and carry on with protests UK Police visit piratebay proxy PirateSniper's owners home demanding a shutdown  was reportedly handed a letter and ordered to shutter the site or face criminal action. Russian TV show taken off air over joke on Putin divorce NASA's Mars rover Opportunity has made perhaps the biggest discovery of its nearly 10year career, finding evidence that life may have been able to get a foothold on the Red Planet long ago Angry Pakistan summons envoy after U.S. drone strike kills nine Gardeners To Be Deprived Of Heirloom Seeds Under E.U. New Directive U.S. and Chinese leaders agree North Korea must shed nuclear weapons Truck carrying fireworks hits moose, shuts down TransCanada Highway for five hours and lights up the sky Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on Friday abandoned his plan to build a new shopping mall on one of the few green patches in central Istanbul, but he insisted on razing the park nevertheless, a mixed signal that could prolong weeklong protests here and in other cities. Afghanistan Women in parliament receive threats  from fellow lawmakers The Singapore way of censorship blogs must be licensed, license costs $39500 Widespread dumping of asbestos in Australia Experts are warning that there is widespread illegal dumping of asbestos waste around the country and it's costing tens of millions of dollars each year and exposing thousands of Australians to deadly health risks. Islamic Extremists Kill 13 in Northeast Nigeria US waives human rights condition on $1.3B in aid to Egypt North and South Korea hold official talks on restoring commercial cooperation German report Berlin a hub of Hezbollah activity; 950 members in Germany, 250 in Berlin; Hezbollahrun orphanage used to fundraise for suicide bombers targeting Israelis. Fuel has gotten so cheap that ships are now choosing to take the long way around Africa rather then pay the fees to transit the Suez Canal. Female student injures eight people in Canada school stabbing Medical Marijuana Now Legal in Australia It's official Native Americans and Siberians are cousins Puerto Rico Freezes Condom Prices To Prevent Zika Profiteering Google, Red Hat discover critical DNS security flaw that enables malware to infect entire internet Hungary will call referendum on EU's refugee quotas. Prime minister says planned quotas are an abuse of power and that Brussels has no right to redraw Europes cultural and religious identity. Refugee arrivals in Greece exceed 100,000 in less than two months ISIS captures Libyan port city used by refugees heading to Europe Russia gives a gift of 10,000 automatic rifles to Afghanistan India agrees to give landlocked Nepal secure transit to Bangladesh by road and rail Ramon Castro, Cuban President's Older Brother, Dies Explosion & Collapse at British Power Station Former footbal star Hakan Sukur faces up to 4 years in jail for insulting Erdoan Netanyahu asks for 'Israeli apartheid' tube posters to be removed from London underground Germany blasts countries that won't take back migrants UK downgrading of human rights sets dangerous precedent, says Amnesty A controversial new study published in the Journal of Medical Ethics says nicking the genitals of young girls is an acceptable compromise for the practice of female genital mutilation (FGM) in the West Tunisian museum security guards failed to search two heavily armed gunmen before they shot dead 22 people including a British woman in a terrorist attack, an inquest heard. South Africa will relax some of its tough rules on genetically modified crops so it can ramp up maize imports from the United States and Mexico to avert a potential food crisis amid a severe drought. NASA is devising plans for a human outpost near the Moon South East Asian plane goes missing in mountains with 69 on board Syria conflict Warring parties accept USRussia truce plan Kurds rescue Swedish teen from ISISheld territory in northern Iraq Latest Wikileaks documents Irish citizen working for the UN Refugee Agency was targeted by the NSA WikiLeaks publishes docs showing that the NSA bugged meetings between Ban KiMoon and Merkel, Netanyahu, Berlusconi, between key EU and Japanese ministers discussing their secret trade redlines at WTO negotiations, as well as details of a private meeting between Sarkozy, Merkel and Berlusconi Montreal to ban plastic bags as of 2018 Zimbabwe park warns it may shoot 200 surplus lions now that big game hunters are staying home Antivaccination campaigners blamed for measles outbreak in Melbourne suburb of Brunswick in Australia Peacocks in China zoo die from shock after tourists pluck out their feathers We can say with 95 percent probability that the rate of global sea level rise in the 20thcentury was faster than any of the previous 27 centuries, and it's continuing to accelerate. Israeli who burned Palestinian teenager alive ruled sane by psychiatrist Egyptian fouryearold's life sentence a mistake, military says Spokesman Col Mohammed Samir said the court should have sentenced a 16yearold with a similar name instead. Brazil to fight Zika by sterilizing mosquitoes with gamma rays On February 6th Nasa reported a huge explosion of seven meter space rock over the Atlantic ocean. It released energy equivalent to 13,000 tons of TNT, which is the same as the energy used in the first atomic weapon that leveled Hiroshima in 1945. Russia requesting to fly reconnaissance aircraft over the US using Open Skies Treaty Colombia's Search for the Disappeared Unearths 28,000 Bodies.The search is part of a government initiative to locate disappeared persons after tens of thousands have gone missing, or been forcibly disappeared, in the over 50year internal conflict in the country DOD Opens Afghan Child Sex Abuse Probe More than 800 Islamists leave Germany to join IS in Syria and Iraq Syria ceasefire 'to start 27 February' Kurdish special forces rescue teenage Swedish girl from Islamic State Peoplesmuggling gangs netted up to 6 billion euros ($6.6 billion) last year, most of it from the traffic of migrants into Europe. The DOD Has Finally Launched an Investigation of Pedophilia by Afghan Soldiers The Department of Defense inspector general's office is launching an investigation into the way that US military officials handled repeated allegations that Afghan security forces and police were sexually abusing boys. Denmark opens first food waste supermarket selling surplus produce Peru pipeline leaks in Amazon; Two rivers polluted, agency says Muslim militants attack Filipino troops, more than 20 dead Mexico's missing students international investigators say they are being obstructed. Experts claim the government is limiting their access to new information, including videos, about the 43 teaching students who disappeared in 2014 India has overtaken China's air pollution levels in 2015  Greenpeace ISIS release the last 40 hostages of 230 Assyrian Christians kidnapped in Syria Portugal wants more refugees to help revive dwindling population Oil is now so cheap even pirates arent stealing it any more Prime Minister of India bows down to touch a 104 year old woman's feet who built toilets to stop open defecation US authorities have asked the German carmaker Volkswagen to produce electric vehicles in the United States as a way of making up for its rigging of emission tests. TTIP deal poses 'real and serious risk' to NHS, says leading QC. Unite union set to present law experts advice to government, who they believe have kept Britain in the dark over deals potential impact on health service. China is racing to get its Mars mission ready for the 2020 launch window, including instruments to detect signs of life Ocean acidification expected to cause skeletal deformities in 50% of juvenile corals France's farright National Front party has asked Russia for a 27millioneuro ($30 million) loan, claiming that the party needs it to finance its election campaigns in 2017 Saudi prince Muslim nations must lead in counterterrorism Austria Cancels Event Including Holocaust Survivor Who Compared Israel to Nazis ISIS is marketing to Justin Beiber fans, tricking them into viewing ISIS propaganda videos with Beiber hashtags Queensland's land clearance is costing Australia and its wildlife  The state is destroying well over 100,000 hectares of native vegetation a year, and rising Thousands of protesters broke out into dance at a rally against Sydney's lockout laws, hours after emergency workers called for the laws to stay.Opponents say the laws are killing off the city's nightlife with venues being forced to close and hundreds of jobs disappearing along with patronage. London Mayor, Boris Johnson to campaign to leave European Union. Egypt jails author for two years over sexually explicit novel Israel preparing plan to boost Palestinian economy. Finance officials from both sides propose new cooperation in medicine, tech and construction, among other areas. The Australian government will now have the power to force multinational companies to sell Australian assests if they avoid paying tax Senior scientists have denounced a potential move to muzzle colleagues whose findings are disliked by the government. Rip Curl has been exposed for using North Korean slave labour to make its clothing, and it seems its not the only surf brand whose supply chain remains under wraps. Hindu priest killed in Bangladesh, Isis claims responsibility Radioactive water leak found at Takahama No. 4 reactor, posing restart delay Refugees weep as they are welcomed in Germany by mob shouting 'go home' India caste unrest 'Ten million without water' in Delhi Planned refugee shelter in eastern German town of Bautzen catches fire Homs and Damascus bomb blasts kill 140. Truce Unravels as Fighting Picks Up in Ukraine Homeopathy found to be effective for 0 out of 68 illnesses a systematic review concluded the controversial treatment was no more effective than placebo drugs Australian government's 'no jab, no pay' law sparks run on vaccines as parents fear missing out on welfare benefits Pope calls for worldwide ban on death penalty Salman Rushdie Iranian state media renew fatwa on Satanic Verses author with $600,000 bounty Rip Curl clothes produced in North Korean factory with 'slavelike' conditions 3,000YrOld Egyptian Fingerprints found on Coffin Lid Missing radioactive material found dumped in south Iraq Banning homosexuality fosters hate crime and homophobia, says UN report NASA Reveals Astronauts Heard Unexplained Music At The Moon Syrian army, allies advance against Islamic State in eastern Aleppo ISIS Begins Mass Evacuation Russia Destroys Another 1,593 Targets in Past Week EU police chief warns that 5,000 jihadists returned from Middle East  and new attack is likely Explosives found in front of French government buildings in Corsica before a huge demonstration US becomes Germanys top trading partner Late Russian antidoping agency boss was set to expose true story More than 10 million people are in need of food aid in Ethiopia amid a drought worse than the one that triggered the haunting 1984 famine, the U.N. has warned. Twitters Account Suspensions Are Surprisingly Effective Against ISIS  Frequent pruning has hobbled terrorists ability to get their message out. Thousands in Japan rally against U.S. base on Okinawa Pentagon US kept nukes on Okinawa Mexican woman with Zika gives birth to healthy child Egyptian writer Ahmed Naji sentenced to two years for 'sexually explicit text'. Thousands of protesters formed a human chain around Japan's parliament Sunday in protest at the planned construction of a new US base on the southern island of Okinawa. Al Qaeda Has Seized Another City and Now Controls a Swath of Southern Yemen Britain and Saudi Arabia lobbied UN to whitewash Bahrain police abuses Syria conflict Homs car bombings kill 46, says monitor Landslide victory for the reformists in Iran Reformists win all 30 Tehran seats in parliamentary election Another financial crisis is certain and will come sooner rather than later, the former Bank of England governor has warned.Mervyn King, who headed the bank between 2003 and 2013, believes the world economy will soon face another crash as regulators have failed to reform banking. Rare Breed Of Giraffe Hunted To The Brink Of Extinction  With Just 38 Left In Reserve Iran executed the entire male population of a village for drug trafficking, says Irans Vice President for Women and Family Affairs Canada reaches resettlement goal as 25,000th Syrian refugee arrives in Canada Thousands march in Moscow to honor slain Kremlin critic Nemtsov TPP Threatens Indigenous Land Rights Says the UN US says China will be bound by maritime arbitration ruling Sikh group calls for politicians and media to stop using term 'Asian' to describe Rotherham grooming gang Thousands of South Koreans marched in the capital on Saturday to protest what they say are setbacks in personal freedoms and labor rights under conservative President Park Geunhye Basic Income Ontario To Introduce Pilot Program Aimed At Improving Efficiency, Eliminating Poverty China is building the largest wastetoenergy plant in the world It will turn a third of Shenzhen's trash into energy every single day Investigatory Powers Bill Theresa May accused of rushing snoopers' charter into law to avoid scrutiny .Bill would give government unmatched rights to invade privacy.It all keeps with their strategy, which is to rush everything through. They know when they engage with experts they lose Two former presidents of Mexico compare Trump to Hitler Turkey's Erdogan says does not respect court ruling on journalists Algerian authorities have jailed a man with dual Algerian and Belgian citizenship for links with the ringleader of the Paris attacks Saudi air strike on market 'kills 30 people' UK's biggest energy lobby starts supporting green energy and the phasing out of fossil fuels ISIS suspect released from custody because court says it's too busy Local German governments demand 'politician stalker' law Local politicians have experienced more and more personal threats from the far right for carrying out their legal duty to house refugees. Now municipalities want the law to recognize politician stalking as a crime Japan to supply Philippines with military equipment Switzerland votes on expelling foreigners for minor crimes China plans to launch first microgravity satellite It will perform a total of 19 experiments involving microgravity, microgravity combustion, space material, space radiation effects and space biotechnology during its 15day mission President Hassan Rouhani won a resounding vote of confidence and his reformist allies won 29 out of the 30 seats reserved for the capital Tehran in parliamentary elections that could speed Iran's postsanctions opening to the world, early results released on Saturday showed US DARPA successfully collects data from animals using 'brain modem Saudi man gets 10 years, 2,000 lashes over atheist tweets ExMexican President Vicente Fox Donald Trump reminds me of Hitler Germany deems passports issued from IS territory invalid Trade Officials Promised Exxon That TTIP Will Erase Environmental 'Obstacles' Worldwide. EU trade officials soothed the oil giant as it fretted about new regulations popping up in Global South Japan Census Population Fell Nearly 1 Million in 201015 Hussain brothers jailed for sexual exploitation of 15 teenage girls in Rotherham Danish environmental catastrophe kept quiet | A massive fire in Fredericia Harbour earlier this month released thousands of tonnes of liquid fertiliser into the Little Belt strait but authorities didnt acknowledge it for three weeks, Metroxpress reported on Friday. One of the highestranking Vatican officials is being compelled to testify this weekend in a public hearing about clerical sex abuse in an unusual demonstration of holding even the most senior Catholic bishops accountable for the scandal Turkey turns off independent TV channel on 'terrorist' charge Paul Sheehan apologises for failing to check story of gangrape by Arabicspeaking men Mining Director Busted for Elephant Poisonings  Getting to the bottom of gruesome elephant killings in Zimbabwe. Afghan woman kills Taliban commander over privacy breach Tony Blackburn fired after being critized for allowing stars like Jimmy Savile to abuse women and children for nearly 50 years. Doctors Without Borders blasts $1700 price tag of Otsuka TB drug S Korean terror bill filibuster in 5th day Gianni Infantino elected Fifa president EU shelves plans to ban kettles from homes amid fears of the U.K. leaving the EU Monarch butterflies have made a big comeback in their wintering grounds in Mexico, after suffering serious declines. The area covered by the orangeandblack insects in the mountains west of Mexico City this season was more than three and a half times greater than last winter. Dead pig found at German mosque building site The animals corpse had the words Mutti [Mom] Merkel written on it in red letters A diverse team of scientists have traced the origins of mysterious pockets of high ozone concentrations and low water vapor in the air above the western Pacific Ocean near Guam to fires burning in Southeast Asia and in Africa. Rape sentences in landmark Guatemala trial European Parliament calls for Saudi arms embargo Canadian Court Says Some Can Grow Marijuana at Home, With a Prescription US to go ahead with F16 sale to Pakistan, state department says Swiss hold divisive referendum on deporting petty criminals Qatar World Cup migrants wait a year to be paid for building offices. Migrant workers who built luxury offices used by Qatar's 2022 football World Cup organisers have told the Guardian they have not been paid for more than a year and are now working illegally from cockroachinfested lodgings. Companies proclaim water the next oil in a rush to turn resources into profit Mammoth companies are trying to collect water that all life needs and charge for it as they would for other natural resources N. Korea threatens nuclear strike on White House A 2nd American has now tested positive for Ebola. Israeli Foreign MinisterNo more ceasefires. IDF will operate with full power Poll 86.5% of Israelis oppose ceasefire U.S. Airmen Banned from Drinking in 1st Month in Korea The rule is part of a new introductory program for incoming troops and follows a string of rapes and other violent incidents involving U.S. Forces Korea personnel. Pakistani mob kills two children including a baby and their grandmother after 'blasphemous' Facebook post A sevenyearold and her baby sister were killed alongside their grandmother, police said, after another member of the Ahmadi sect was accused of blasphemy Hamas chief We cannot coexist with occupiers. The arrival of an Ebolainfected air passenger in Nigeria has airlines and airports scrambling to respond around the world Hamas fired rockets in ceasefires U.S. Releases Satellite Imagery That Shows Russians Shelling Eastern Ukraine Japan wants to stage a robot Olympics alongside the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo. 'Freedom Flotilla II' set to sail for Gaza from Turkey, Turkish navy will provide protection Deutsche Bank, HSBC and Bank of Nova Scotia have been accused of attempting to rig the price of silver, in a lawsuit filed in the US Israel Blames Hamas For Gaza Hospital Strike Germany tells citizens to get out of Libya Fifth St. Petersburg LGBT pride event held without major incidents Russia Wants UN Investigation Into Downed Malaysia Airlines Plane MH17 Black Box Data Shows Evidence Of Missile Strike Margaret Thatcher was warned of Tory child sex party claims Moscow questions US allegations Russia shelling Ukraine China criticized the U.S. for applying new tariffs on Chinese solar products following allegations that panels and cells were being sold too cheaply to the American consumer. Leading scientists, including Lord Winston, an early pioneer of fertility treatment, have criticised the Department of Health for trying to play down a process that will for the first time allow the alteration of the DNA of future generations. LIVE UPDATES At least four Israelis killed, four wounded, in mortar shell fire from Gaza Japanese steel workers reveal that they saved their city from a nuclear bombing by burning coal tar to block view of US planes; story was kept secret for 69 years out of respect for Nagasaki victims, who were bombed instead Russia may leave nuclear treaty US Russia Violates 1987 Nuclear Missile Treaty by Testing New Ground Launched Cruise Missile Liberia closes borders. Trying to stop spread of the Ebola Virus. Bankers Face World's Longest Bonus Clawbacks Staff at British banks could be made to hand back bonuses more than six years after the money has been paid to them under a regime that will amount to the world's toughest rules on clawing back remuneration. Malaysia Airlines may change its name in major rebrand after MH370 and MH17 disasters Turkish deputy PM says women laughing in public is 'Haram' France said on Monday it was ready to welcome Christians from northern Iraq who have been told by the al Qaeda offshoot group now ruling the region to either covert to Islam, pay a religious levy or face death. Ebola Outbreak Spreads to Fourth African Country 'Women should not laugh in public,' says Turkey's Deputy Prime Minister in morality speech ... [The woman] will know what is haram and not haram. She will not laugh in public. She will not be inviting in her attitudes and will protect her chasteness, Heavy casualties reported in Xinjiang terror attack US gravely concerned about 15yrold American held in Israeli jail U.S. and Europe Agree to Escalate Sanctions on Russia  NYTimes.com Qatar World Cup Fifa boss demands payment of migrant workers Israeli airstrikes flattened the fourstory home of Hamass top political leader in the Gaza Strip and destroyed offices of the movements radio and television station early Tuesday. Palestinian gunmen infiltrate Israeli village near Gaza. Fuel tank at Gaza city's only power plant hit by Israeli shells Hamas declares that Israel's recent military operations has only reached a fraction of their tunnels. Australia Approves One of World's Biggest Coal Mines & Rail Project Despite Concern Over its Potential Environmental Impact  Critics voice concern over local water use & impact on the Great Barrier Reef. People actively resisting Ebola Treatment Hamas has given North Korea a first payment on missiles to replenish arsenal, sources say US Fuming Over Israeli Criticism Of Kerry Children killed in Gaza playground shelling Cameron cuts EU migrants' unemployment and child benefits France offers asylum to Christians of north Iraq Japan to extend $5.5M in humanitarian aid to Gaza Italian police have arrested two US soldiers from an army garrison in Vicenza, near Venice, over the rape of a pregnant woman. After moving money around, Google paid tiny amount in European taxesPresident Obama You're just gaming the system. You are an American company. Israel calls Brazil a diplomatic dwarf  and then brings up World Cup humiliation Palestinian death toll in Israeli operation in Gaza passes 1,000 Archaeologists Discover 3,5004,000 Yr Old Astronomy Lab in Peru Israeli police official says Hamas not responsible for kidnapped teenagers that sparked recent bloodshed, despite Netanyahu's claims Mayor of central Ukrainian city shot dead Gaza baby delivered from dead mother Ukraine rebels go to the museum  for WWII tanks and cannons Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 'Extraordinary' New Wreckage Discovered with 'MachinegunType Holes' Giant anteaters kill two hunters in Brazil A Liberian man who died in quarantine in Lagos was suffering from the deadly virus Ebola, Nigerian officials said Friday, confirming that the worstever outbreak of the virus has reached Africa's most populous country. House votes to block president from sending US troops to fight in Iraq Human Rights Watch Ukrainian forces are rocketing civilians [Washington post] Israel and Hamas agree to 12hour Gaza truce on Saturday brokered by US secretary of state Mass grave discovered in Ukraine in former ProRussian stronghold China Will Build Largest Super Particle Collider Canadian court forces Google to remove search results worldwide, as fears of memory hole grow Russia Sues McDonalds, Questioning Quality of the Food Russia criticizes EU sanctions, claims U.S. shares responsibilty for the internal conflict in Ukraine and its severe consequences. India threatens to derail WTO deal, angry US retorts Leaked World Bank lending policies 'environmentally disastrous' New 'light touch' rules on bank's $50bn annual lending have been gutted to remove protections, watchdogs claim Deutsche Bank, HSBC Accused of Silver Fix Manipulation Nigeria confirms Ebola case in megacity of Lagos Red Cross officially declares Ukraine civil war Taliban stops a convoy of minibuses traveling through western Afghanistan, questioned the passengers, then pulled all the Shiites into the road and shot them dead. Please Stop!, Pope Francis Makes Plea for Peace No more deaths Thousands of Israelis protest the Gaza war One of Liberia's most highprofile doctors has died of Ebola highlighting the risks facing health workers trying to combat the deadly disease BBC Dutch team cancel MH17 crash site investigation, sighting security concerns Egypt army destroys 13 Gaza tunnels Hamas rejects 4hour Gaza war truce extension Barack Obama banned from entering Chechnya 10 people die and 1,400 rushed to hospital in Japan amid heat wave 45,000 gather in London to protest Israeli action in Gaza Hamas 'declares Gaza ceasefire' Boko Haram militants seize Cameroon vice Prime Minister's wife, vice PM escapes Cameroon military commander Tokyo rejects U.N. call to take blame for comfort women Ukrainian government moves to ban Communist Party American Doctor in Africa Tests Positive for Ebola Rocket kills four children in Egypt near Gaza border sources Official Ebola Kills Senior Doctor in Liberia ISIS Kills 50 Syrian Soldiers, Beheads Many In Raqqa Poland was complicit in the USAs rendition, secret detention, and torture of alleged terrorism suspects, a top human rights court has ruled... Ebola outbreak Nigeria begins screening for deadly virus. Visitor brings lethal disease to Lagos, Africa's largest city. Nigerian health authorities are racing to stop the spread of Ebola after a man brought the deadly and highly contagious disease by plane to Lagos Canada's Govt Might Not Care About Climate Change, but Canadians Do  Despite the Harper govt, a new poll says Canadians overwhelmingly believe in global warming. Two people arrested in London on suspicion of conspiracy to commit female genital mutilation France condemns vicious cycle of IsraelGaza violence France on Sunday condemned the vicious cycle of attacks on Gaza and on Israel and called for a real ceasefire and negotiations, in a statement issued by Foreign Affairs Minister Laurent Fabius. Israel 'to resume Gaza operations' The Obama administration has quietly approved a substantial expansion of the terrorist watchlist system, authorizing a secret process that requires neither concrete facts nor irrefutable evidence to designate an American or foreigner as a terrorist Air Algerie 'loses contact with plane from Burkina Faso' White House is expected to release a version of a classified report on torture during the Bush years... the entire thing, five years in the making, clocks in at about 6,700 pages, making it the most exhaustive account yet of what really went on in secret CIA prisons around the world Israel Bombs Gazas Only Power Plant as Toll Nears 650. Hospitals on the brink of collapse. No, ISIS Isnt Ordering Female Genital Mutilation In Iraq MH17 looting confirmed Victims' phones answered by strangers, relatives say Norway faces 'imminent' terror attack Dutch mayor wants Vladimir Putin's daughter Maria deported Christian leaders express shock at world silence after ISIS expels Iraqi Christians More than 50 former Israeli soldiers have refused to serve in the nations reserve force, citing regret over their part in a military they said plays a central role in oppressing Palestinians Ukrainian Rebels Admit they had BUK launcher at time of MH 17 incident UN rights council launches probe into Israeli violations in Gaza  only US voted against it The pacific island country of Palau is becoming the first nation to ban commercial fishing and bottom trawling in their waters in order to regenerate fish stocks around the globe. Nato responds in depth to all of Russia's allegations Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says he is resigning Brazil recalls Israel envoy to protest 'disproportionate force' in Gaza Hamas leader says there will be no truce in Gaza without an end to the Israeli blockade A teenager who was attempting to set a record by becoming the youngest person to fly around the world in 30 days died when his plane crashed into the Pacific Ocean. Europe's top human rights court has ruled that Poland violated the European Convention on Human Rights by allowing the CIA to imprison and torture two alleged terrorists on Polish soil. German politicians question Russias suitability to host 2018 World Cup 'Massacre' at sea Italy arrests five for killings of over 100 on migrant boat Israel 'may have committed war crimes' as one child killed every hour in Gaza over last two days American Quakers are Running an 'Underground Railroad' to Help LGBT Ugandans Flee European Court Says CIA Ran Secret Jail in a Polish Forest Ban Kimoon expresses 'outrage' as rockets found in Gaza school go missing A U.S. cyclist who pedaled across 50plus countries for peace and charity was run over and killed in Russia by a drunken truck driver Obama blasts US firms for 'magically becoming Irish' in controversial tax switches The U.S. says it has new evidence that Russian forces have been firing artillery across the border to attack Ukrainian military positions, and that Moscow is planning to ship powerful rocket artillery to the rebels it backs in the country's east. World's 85 richest earn more than 3.5 billion poorest UN report Israel Bans Radio Broadcast Naming Children Killed in Gaza because it's politically controversial. First Ebola victim in Sierra Leone capital on the run  The family of the patient stormed the hospital and forcefully removed her and took her away 10,000 Palestinians protesting..walking from Ramallah to Jerusalem right now in Israel Egypt sides with Israel in conflict with Hamas Germany to 'spy on US and UK intelligence gathering' for the first time in 45 years | Germany orders surveillance of British and American intelligence gathering, according to reports. Canadian group brings 1,000 litres of Canadian water to citizens in bankrupt Detroit, as part of protest Gay man sentenced for twitter debauchery in Saudi Arabia  A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced an homosexual man to three years in prison and 450 lashes for using his Twitter account to promote homosexual contacts Vladimir Putin has offered to help mediate Palestinian  Israeli ceasefire Russia offers over $100,000 to deanonymize Tor A US appeals court has dismissed a lawsuit against banana grower Chiquita brought by at least 4,000 Colombians who accused the company of supporting paramilitary forces who killed or tortured their relatives Thailands Military Government Thinks John Oliver Is a Threat to Its Monarchy British inventor builds giant 'fart machine' to fire at France U.S. Senate sets $225 million for Israel's Iron Dome in emergency bill IsraelGaza conflict Israeli targeting policy under scrutiny after shellfire hits a mother and child, a school full of refugees and a doctors home Officials ISIS blows up Jonah's tomb in Iraq Wikipedia chief enters internet censorship row Private search engines such as Google should not be left in charge of censoring history, the Wikipedia founder, Jimmy Wales, has said, after the internet company revealed it had approved half of more than 90,000 right to be forgotten requests. Researchers Successfully Eliminate HIV Virus In Human Cells UPDATE 1U.S. says Russia firing artillery across border at Ukrainian military Ukraine Unguided Rockets Killing Civilians | Human Rights Watch Hungarys new ambassador to Italy thinks Jews are agents of Satan who enslave mankind Israeli soldiers kill three Palestinian demonstrators in West Bank protest Delta cancels all flights to Israel indefinitely Internet Piracy deciminalised in the UK. Only warnings will be sent in 2015 and no one will be disconnected. Britain decriminalises online video game, music and movie piracy. Gaza struggles to bury the bodies of the more than 550 dead. Morgues are overflowing, the freezers are full, and the living are too afraid of the Israeli offensive to hold proper funerals. Shots fired into Al Jazeera's office in Gaza, a day after Israeli FM said Israel will work to close down the network. The Great Barrier Reef is in the worst state it's been in since records began and will be pretty ugly within 40 years, Australian scientists say. France's Jews Flee As Rioters Burn Paris Shops, Attack Synagogue 'No safe place for civilians' in Gaza, U.N. says MH17 tributes in Moscow 'Forgive us.' Despite denials by Putin of Russian responsibility in downing MH17, dozens of tributes have been left outside the Dutch embassy by regular Russians. The bodies of MH17 victims to be taken to the Netherlands and the Black Boxes will be handed over to a Malaysian Team tonight. Defying allies, France to deliver first warship to Russia Cellphone Video Captures Gaza Civilian Shot and Killed By Sniper MSNBC Contributor Accuses Network Of 'Biased' Coverage Toward Israel Rebels in eastern Ukraine have handed over two flightdata recorders from the downed MH17 plane to Malaysian officials Israeli ambassador to the US says IDF deserves Nobel Peace Prize for 'unimaginable restraint' Russia's richest lost $1.7B Friday Muslims show solidarity with Iraqi Christians in Baghdad rally Quebec mayor, stung by wasps, dies. 11 parents of Nigerias abducted girls die Since the mass abduction of the schoolgirls by Islamic extremists three months ago, at least 11 of their parents have died and their hometown, Chibok, is under siege from the militants, residents report. Dutch expert says Ukraine body recovery team 'did a hell of a job'  I'm very impressed about the work that was done over here, he said after inspecting the main crash site World Health Organization Calls for Drug Decriminalization and Broad Drug Policy Reforms North Korea appeals to White House to halt release of US comedy film  Telegraph Emotional Al Jazeera Journalist Breaks Down During Gaza Report Sinn Fein calls for expulsion of Israeli ambassador Kuwait revokes citizenship of opposition activists including the owner of a proopposition satellite television channel and a daily newspaper North Korea requests that the Chinese Government take down doctored video of Kim Jong Un Dancing, China unable to oblige ProRussian rebels shoot down two Ukrainian fighter jets Britain's pornblocking filters are overwhelmingly rejected by the populace On Monday night, a strike hit an eightstory apartment building in downtown Gaza City  an area where Israeli officials had urged Gazans to take shelter. The building collapsed as rescue crews were inside, killing more people.  More Rockets found under unrwa schools For civilians fleeing in Gaza, escape options are few  Gaza is unique in the annals of modern warfare in being a conflict zone with a fence around it, so civilians have no place to flee. Putin passes law against protests Sierra Leone's chief Ebola doctor contracts the virus The head doctor fighting the deadly tropical virus Ebola in Sierra Leone has himself caught the disease, the government said. The video of a young unarmed Gazan man shot dead was real. His family learned of his death through YouTube. UN Chief 'Israel Could Be Guilty Of War Crimes' 700 Syrians killed in two days of conflict German protesters chant Jews to the gas chambers during AntiIsrael protests Argentina zoo refuses to move 'world's saddest polar bear' to Canada  Arturo the polar bear will not be moved out of sweltering heat in Argentinian zoo, despite petition gathering half a million signatures New York Times reviews the raw footage of the video posted earlier, showing a wounded civilian shot to death in Gaza, says it bears no apparent signs of manipulation. I would fire rockets at Israel, tweets British MP Malaysia Airlines MH17 crash ProRussian rebel admits to shooting down plane Israel asks U.S. for $225m for missing Iron Dome parts Cockpit of MH 17 found sawed in half at crash site Putin looking to enact a tax solidarity tax on Russia's 1% to help pay for the Crimean annexation BBC Arabic reporter attacked on air in Ashkelon, Israel Pope telephones Israeli President Shimon Peres and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to end Holy Land hostilities As many as 48 dead, 8 injured in Taiwan plane crash Ukraine is officially in a war  assessment by The Red Cross US No evidence of direct Russian link to plane Israel outraged over UNRWA turning over rockets to Hamas  07/23/2014 Ukraine Says It Can Prove Russia Supplied Arms System That Felled Jet MH17 victims put into refrigerated train bound for unknown destination AntiRussia Sentiment Running Deep in Malaysia Anger mounts towards Russia as inspectors still denied access Armed separatists deny full access to crash site for investigators and media amid accusations rebels are tampering with evidence and removing bodies from the site Ukraine Rebels Have Taken All Plane Crash Bodies Britain, Netherlands say EU will need to reconsider relations with Russia due to plane disaster Dutch prime minister warns Putin on last chance to help recover MH17 bodies Thomson Reuters Murdered Crimewatch presenter Jill Dando 'tried to get bosses to investigate alleged paeodphile ring inside the BBC but no one wanted to know' 13 IDF soldiers killed in Gaza Strip Serious diplomatic crisis between Athens and Moscow as Greek Foreign Ministry have barred Valentina Ivanovna Matviyenko, Putin's Right Hand, from coming to Greece Dutch banks act on MH17 credit card looting reports Ebola virus disease, West Africa (update 18 July 2014)  now over 1,000 cases and 600 deaths Israel says field hospital at Erez open for Gazans Japan's Mount Fuji is in a 'Critical State', could be Ready to Blow, Researchers Say Japan's Supreme Court rules that permanent foreign residents are ineligible for welfare benefits Hamas Fighters Infiltrate Israel Through Tunnel and Kill Two Soldiers Israeli bulldozers demolished more than a dozen tunnels Saturday in the Gaza Strip, and Palestinian authorities reported intensified airstrikes and shelling as the death toll from Israel's ground offensive rose to at least 342 Palestinians. Raw footage Israeli forces storm holiest mosque in Jerusalem, AlAqsa Mosque There is no such thing as Ebola  As the Ebola virus continues to spread in West Africa, so do the rumors. Some say you can contract Ebola from a motorcycle helmet. Others say you can cure the deadly virus by drinking Nescaf mixed with cocoa and sugar  or with two large onions. Islamic State levels small Iraqi town as a warning MH17 Kerry says all evidence points to proRussia Ukrainian separatists Explosion Reported in a Moscow Metro Station Bolivian president Israel air strikes on Gaza is 'genocide' IsraelGaza conflict Gaza death toll rises as the world protests  More than 300 have been killed since Israel launched its offensive 12 days ago, and hospitals are struggling to treat all the injured, many of them children UK Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has accused Vladimir Putin of sponsoring terrorism and delivered an ultimatum to Russias leader Get out of Ukraine. Netherlands opens war crimes investigation into MH17 airliner downing Russian Billionaires in horror as Putin risks isolation President Barack Obama and the UN have called for an immediate ceasefire between Israel and Hamas as the death toll among Palestinians in the Gaza Strip reached 508. Human Rights Watch Boko Haram kills 2,053 over the course of 6 months and the girls kidnapped in April are still missing and most likely scattered, in case anyone forgot More than 700 killed in Syria in what may be the bloodiest 48 hours of fighting in the conflict to date Most intense shelling in Gaza, streets littered with dead bodies, death toll climbs to 425  The death toll on the Palestinian side included children and women, with over 2,500 injured and almost 61,000 displaced seeking refuges in 49 UN Relief and Works Agency run centres At least 100 Palestinians from a single neighbourhood have been killed, as Israel continues its assault on the Gaza Strip. Malaysia Air avoiding Ukraine, diverted flights over Syria instead China shuts meat factory supplying McDonald's, KFC and others for mixing expired meat with new and of misleading inspectors  Australia Network News Dutch forensic team gets access to MH17 victims' bodies five days after crash David Cameron in furious phone call with Vladimir Putin over 'indefensible' Russian delays 64 public figures, 7 Nobel laureates, call for arms embargo on Israel Snowden seeks to develop antisurveillance technologies Deaths as Israeli tanks shell Gaza hospital MH17 UN draft resolution demands 'guilty should be held to account' Bosnians bury ethnically cleansed victims Thousands of Bosnians have gathered for a mass funeral for their loved ones more than 20 years after they were killed in the country's civil war. Many of the bodies were only discovered recently in a nearby mass grave. Hundreds of Japanese hold silent protest for Gaza Phone intercepts allegedly show Russia tried to seize MH17's black boxes Carlos Slim calls for threeday working week to improve quality of lifeMexican billionaire says workforce could be spread over a full week, employees working up to 10 or 11 hours a day Independent Netanyahu says Hamas using rising death toll to make Israel look bad Hamas armed wing stating they have abducted an Israel soldier. KFC, Pizza Hut, and McDonalds are hit with a new China food scandal expired meat products US says recordings of Ukraine rebels admitting MH17 downing authentic Afriqiyah Airways Airbus A330 hit by rocket is consumed by fire at Tripoli International airport ProPalestinian protesters raid Jewish neighborhood outside Paris Air pollution reached hazardous levels in Beijing on Sunday, prompting the city to upgrade to the secondhighest alert for the first time in 13 months on the same day that the Chinese government said it has met pollutionreduction targets for the year China Is Building a Giant AnimalCloning Factory to Feed the Masses  While the rest of the world sorts out its feelings about the safety & ethics of cloning animals for food production, China is charging ahead & building the world's largest animal cloning factory, set to begin operations in 2016. Japan stuns world by announcing it will resume whaling in Antarctic Ocean despite ban Newspaper draws piggy bank to show ISIS funding, Muslim groups attack it as pig is unislamic Russia hits back at Turkey by changing Syria 'game'  Kurds get Russian help, talks about a union of secular forces. Kurdish fighters say US special forces have been fighting Isis for months Obama demands that Turkey close stretch of frontier with Syria Prince Ali vows to open the books if elected FIFA head. Salaries, finances, what have you, that should all be open. Why not? People want it to be open. Hamburg votes against hosting the 2024 Olympics in referendum Russian plane escorted from Israeli airspace without incident White House Releases Details of Bill Gates's Climate Research Plan El Salvador's antiabortion law makes criminals of mothers who miscarry Blair and Bush went to war in Iraq despite the assurances of South Africa that Saddam did not possess WMDs French police fire teargas to disperse climate protest Negative interest rates in Switzerland have started a bizarre debate among economists over whether cash should be abolished Lakes are forming on top of Mount Everests glaciers Migrant crisis Turkey to get 3 billion and possible EU membership as part of migrant deal Russian football clubs banned from signing Turkish players Iraqis find 3 more mass graves in formerly ISISheld Sinjar 50,000 people without drinking water after reported Russian airstrike Declaring 'new beginning,' EU and Turkey seal migrant deal  Turks to benefit from visafree travel to Europe's Schengen zone within a year if Turkey meets conditions on tightening its borders and reduces departures to Europe. Refugees with infectious diseases will not be denied entry into Canada Health minister Christmas is cancelled Italians outraged over school decision to ban festivities Corporate tax cuts contributed to slower economic growth, Canadian study finds Merkel faces call to resign amid migrant crisis criticism New poll says Assange could win Australian Senate seat The World's Richest 8% Earn Half of All Planetary Income A 13 year old Chinese girl was handcuffed and paraded in streets for 20 mins for spilling drink on a govt. vehicle First gay couple to wed in France amid tight security Preserved Ice Age mammoth found with flowing blood in Siberia Japan's innovation in science is at heart of plans to boost economy  Govt revitalizing science workforce by boosting jobs for females, finding top talent abroad & upping research commercialization. It's committed 100s of billions of yen to space, physics & stemcell research & more is to come. A lost report into genocide, torture, rape and enslavement of indigenous tribes during Brazil's military dictatorship has been rediscovered The Indian Protection Service has degenerated to the point of chasing Indians to extinction Buddhist Mobs Burn Mosque and Muslim School in Myanmar Muslims and Buddhists clash in northern Myanmar. The fighting begun after a violent quarrel between a Muslim man and a Buddhist woman who worked at a petrol station. The man doused the woman in fuel and set her on fire. Oldest complete Torah scroll reportedly found in Italy  University of Bologna says 850yearold Jewish text, belonging to Babylonian tradition, was mislabeled by a librarian in 1889. UN Report an astounding 99.3% of Egyptian women have experienced harassment Germany warns of revolution as youth unemployment threatens to tear Europe apart Gunmen killed a female polio worker and injured another near the northwest city of Peshawar on Tuesday, the latest in a series of assaults on vaccination teams working to eradicate the disease in Pakistan King Abdullah Bin Abdulaziz Of Saudi Arabia Reported To Be 'Clinically Dead' Terrorists attack Red Cross office in Afghan city of Jalalabad Syria Goes Hot Russia To Deliver Weapons, Deploys Air Defense; Israel Warns Russia; Obama Demands No Fly Zone Scottish outrage at 'nanny state' plan to ban pint glass in Highlands pubs New outsource job, Indians have to check american doctors and nurses wash their hands properly via cam and sensors A elevator beheads woman in Shenzhen, China. Corporations Are Subverting Attempts to Rein in Their Power Citizens have won important policy victories only to be undermined by the growing web of international investment rules and arbitration courts The Stigma of Reporting a Rape in Pakistan A suicide bomber blew himself up at the gate of the International Committee of the Red Cross office in the Afghan city of Jalalabad and two more insurgents entered the building Ayaan Hirsi Ali The Problem of Muslim Leadership U.S. drone reportedly shot down by AlShabab militants in Somalia Switzerland to allow its banks to sidestep secrecy saws to disclose names of clients in a move intended to help resolve a longrunning dispute with the United States over tax evasion China is starting to get embarrassed about its tourists obnoxious behavior abroad  Take for example the sign outside the Louvre Museum only in Chinese characters that forbids people from urinating or defecating wherever they want. Unvaccinated children will be banned from childcare facilities, and centres who do enrol them will face fines, after changes to the Public Health Act passed through cabinet Monday night (NSW, Australia) Israel warns Moscow that it will attack shipments of Russian weapons to Syria Police with stun batons were called to end a protest over pay by 3,000 mostly female workers working at a Nike factory in Cambodia An Australian woman is sacked when she takes leave to cope with her daughter being murdered. Employer tells reporter You are a hyena and something wrong is going to happen to your children Australia ranked 'happiest' developed nation again Months after a Russian ghost ship turned up adrift off the Irish coast, she's gone missing again. The Lyubov Orlova's tow line broke as the cruise ship was being hauled from Canada to the Dominican Republic as scrap. The ship, empty except for an infestation of rats, has not been seen since March War memorial vandalized with the word ISLAM in wake of terror murder. An 89yearold veteran has vowed to stand next to the memorials until someone removes the graffiti. It's unclear who painted the graffiti. Newborn baby rescued alive after being flushed down toilet in China An Alaska Airlines passenger has been restrained by other passengers after trying to open the emergency exit midflight. The armed rebels affiliated to the Free Syrian Army (FSA) raided the Christianpopulated alDuvair village in Reef (outskirts of) Homs near the border with Lebanon today and massacred all its civilian residents, including women and children. Dad demands further action after sex abuse inquiry The father of two girls who were abused by a Catholic priest in Australia says apologies don't matter if the church doesn't take further action. Meat from endangered whales caught by Icelandic hunters is being sold in Japan as luxury dog treats, environmental campaigners say BBC News  Russian to deliver arms 'to deter foreign intervention in Syria' At least 57 dead as 13 car bombs rip Baghdad Man kills 11 elderly people to hide $85 drug theft. Drones join war on rhino poachers in South Africa Male rape survivors fight stigma in Uganda In Malaysia, a criminal tribunal attempts to prosecute war crimes the Hague wont. It has tried and sentenced former US President George W. Bush, in absentia, over charges tied to the Iraq War. In August, the tribunal will hold hearings on alleged war crimes in Israelioccupied Palestine. Armed Rebels Massacre Entire Population of Christian Village in Syria Polio Reappears in the Horn of Africa according to W.H.O. [xpost /r/strictlyworldpolitics] North Korea to open a ski resort. Rob Ford CrackStarter Cracks 200K. Police now linking homicide to the tape investigation. UAE crown prince receive Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai and says education of women is a basic right in Islam Israels defense minister says they could hit Russian shipment of advanced missiles to Syria As far as we are concerned, that is a threat The bewildering state of India's justice system  Prison born boy grows up, gets a job and finally manages to provide his mum with the $180 bail she's been waiting 19 years in jail for. 116 year old Japanese man now the last male alive that was born in the 19th century Chinese tourist carved Ding Jinhao was here in a 3,500 year old Egyptian temple We want to apologize to the Egyptian people and to people who have paid attention to this case across China Most of the major newspapers in Uganda, apart from the government run paper, were raided and shut down by police last week. The government paper (The New Vision) that is still in operation has no mention of any of this on their website. Cows are gradually losing their sacred status in India as tastes for beef increases. Monsanto Found Guilty of Chemical Poisoning in Landmark Case Vatican corrects infallible pope atheists will still burn in hell UK Government use beheading as excuse to push through failed cyber security bill Mosque in UK set on fire in retaliation for death of British soldier Xi Threatens Lifetime Consequences for Officials Who Hurt the Environment  Chinas president has laid down a stark warning to officials if you sanction a project that damages the environment, youll be held responsible. For life. Original owner of Toronto mayors alleged crack video may have been killed Pakistani women marry in Britain's first Muslim lesbian partnership Grieving parents speak out against antivaccination extremists Google's Eric Schmidt change British law and we'd pay more tax If the British system changes the tax laws then we will comply. If the taxes go up we will pay more, if they go down we will pay less. That is a political decision for the democracy that is the UK. NoVacation Nation Revisited Out of 21 rich countries (16 European countries, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, and the United States), the US is the only country in the group that does not require employers to provide paid vacation time Reporters for French journal Le Monde witness chemical warfare in Syria. Photographer is exposed to toxic gas. Vandals Graffiti The Word 'Islam' On Two London War Memorials CashStrapped Italians Abandoning Autos for Bicycles  We've seen a lot of people rediscover this means of transport. Its ease, simplicity, speed for short distances. 2,000 more bikes sold than cars in 2011  a differential that rose to over 200,000 last year. Woman beaten to death in Gaza for entering motherinlaw's kitchen From Now Google will help Police to track extremist websites through its search results Syrian Army Kills FSA Leader in Qusayr Known as Bin Laden II... FSA is Now Surrounded from All Sides Chinese Tourist Damages 3000YearOld Temple in Luxor Germany Seeks Uniform Law on Marijuana German states are now trying to hash out possession regulations that would apply across the country Huge antigay marriage protest march in Paris Sweden's riots Is the integration of immigrants failing? Nearly twothirds of people in the UK believe there will be a 'clash of civilisations' between British Muslims and white Britons Thousands of Muslims gather in London to condemn murder of soldier Lee Rigby French Soldier stabbed in the neck in Paris, reportedly by man of North African descent. BBC News  Brazil 'to write off' almost 900M in African debt. Brazil has announced that it will cancel or restructure almost $900m (600m) worth of debt with Africa. Canadian mine giant Barrick fined a record $16.4M in Chile. Native population complains of cancerous growths and aching stomachs David Simon, creator of The Wire drug war is a holocaust in slow motion Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger A woman awaiting a transplant for a rare condition that has destroyed her kidneys had her operation cancelled at the 11th hour because the Government refused to pay for the drug she needs to prevent the organ being rejected Islamists attack Turkey 'kissing protest' Millions march against GM crops Organisers celebrate huge global turnout and say they will continue until Monsanto and other GM manufacturers listen Bosnian Shepherd Strangles Brown Bear Barehanded Russia will deliver S300 system if Israel strikes again Robert Mugabe's darkest secret An 800bn blood diamond mine run with China's Red Army. Under Hamas, No More Coed Classes in Gaza Attacks on Muslims soar in wake of Woolwich murder Muslims Demand Germany 'Make Islam Equal to Christianity' Terrorists in India attack government convoy, kill 17 Millions of Protesters around the world march against Monsanto Proposed law to protect Afghan women faces backlash. 'The drama erupted when a female legislator brought the bill before parliament May 16 and a group of conservative male lawmakers vehemently objected, saying it was contrary to Islam and Afghan culture' A French soldier on patrol in Paris has been stabbed in the throat by a man believed to be of NorthAfrican origin. Muslim The doctrine of armed jihad against the kuffar (nonMuslims) is disingenuously denied by Islamic clerics and leaders. Breaking the Taboo Why the OAS Report on Alternatives to Drug Prohibition Is Such a Big Deal  The Organization of American States (OAS) released an unprecedented report last Friday that presents the most highlevel discussion of alternatives to drug prohibition in history. Pope Francis condemns mafia for 'enslaving people' VICE We Watched the Stockholm Suburbs Burn  The riots must either have been one step ahead of us or maybe there were no riots at all, just a couple of bored and prolific arsonists. Four mosques attacked in Germany in 10 days Sweden riots spread beyond Stockholm despite extra police 28 grade 10 students in Quebec stripped search due to a missing cell phone during an exam. Google to bankroll, build wireless networks across Africa, including with balloons, blimps and TV airwaves Five Undercover Police Cars Sent To Arrest Single Alleged Movie Pirate Challenging Monsanto 200,000 in 40 countries to rally against GMO Public rapes outrage Brazil, testing ideas of image and class. 'In one case, an assailant held a gun to the head of a 30yearold woman while raping her in front of passengers on a bus as the driver proceeded down a main avenue' A suicide bomber has blown herself up close to an interior ministry building in the troubled southern Russian republic of Dagestan, officials say. Eleven people across UK arrested for making 'racist or antireligious' comments on Facebook and Twitter about British soldier's death Energy suppliers held back gas during UK shortage  Terminals near London & in Wales were 40% & 52% full on the day it was claimed the UK had 6 hours' worth of gas left They dont want to integrate Fifth night of youth rioting rocks Stockholm Church of England unveils plan for women bishops in 2015 Jordan king says extremism 'grown fat' on IsraelPalestinian conflict China Bluntly Tells North Korea to Enter Nuclear Talks 2Child Limit for Muslims in Parts of Mynamar Swedish police call in backup after worst riots in years Close to half of Australian adults lack the basic reading, writing and maths skills needed for every day living Nigerian baby factories tricking women into believing they're pregnant, then give them factory made babies from teenage girls. Woolwich killing universities crack down on the preachers of hate | UK news | The Guardian Bees have been battling bad weather, loss of habitat and possible pesticide effects but now keepers are facing a new threat  beerustling. India will issue at least 27,000 more Emergency Certificates to enable its citizens to leave Saudi Arabia for home after a new labor policy came into force in the Kingdom Woolwich attack MI5 'offered job to attacker 6 months previously Russia Orders Urgent Evacuation of 'Drifting' Arctic Research Station as Ice Floe Melts  16 scientists abandon station near Canada because ice disintegrating at alarming rate, giving the station little chance of survival. It's getting harder to find a block of ice to sustain a station. Police, locals deny claim that part of The Hague is a 'Sharia triangle' Japan to build giant elevator from earth to space by 2050. We are dealing with a major incident British police close motorway to deal with suspicious vehicle