 Soccer team walks out on game in Italy after African player is taunted with monkey chants Obese who refuse to exercise 'could face benefits cut' in the UK How to Halt the Terrorist Money Train? Step 1 Make bankers stop laundering dirty cash Japanese man vacations on Syrian front lines. Im not a target for snipers because Im a tourist, not like you journalists. Besides, Im not afraid if they shoot at me or that they might kill me. Im a combination of samurai and kamikaze. Switzerland's oldest bank became the first foreign bank to plead guilty in the United States to tax charges when it admitted Thursday that it helped American clients hide more than $1.2 billion from the Internal Revenue Service. Woman jumps from speeding train in India to avoid molestors. Journalists at a leading Chinese newspaper have called for a propaganda chief to resign, in a rare protest against censorship. Disastrous relief for Haiti Three years on from the quake, it's evident reconstruction has been fatally undermined by greedy and incompetent outsiders Ryanair pilots claim they are pressured into filling their airplanes with too little fuel.  Evidence has been promised to a French court that could prove former President Nicolas Sarkozy accepted more than 50 million in campaign donations from ousted Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. (xpost /r/politics) An amazing mea culpa from the IMFs chief economist on austerity Governor Shuts Down Tehran Over Pollution  Only emergency & health services will report for work.  It's 2nd time in a month  activities have been ordered halted because of air pollution. Could gangrape protests mark beginning of an age of activism for India?  

India's youth bulge and its disillusionment with political leaders may have helped drive recent postrape protests and an anticorruption movement. But it's not clear the new activism will sustain itself. Palestinian Authority And Hamas Both Refuse To Take In Palestinian Refugees From Syria The Disappeared  Even the Soviet Union eventually acknowledged Stalin's Great Famine. Why does China still hide evidence of its own mass starvation under Mao? Narwhal Tusk Smuggling Ring Busted  Does your neighbor have a Narwhal tusk displayed? It was likely smuggled illegally from Canada.  Body parts of the rare whales were bought legally in Canada, then smuggled across a New BrunswicktoMaine border, & resold for blackmarket prices in US. 
 Magazine firebombed for printing satirical 'Sharia' edition in France publishes Prophet Mohammed cartoon book

 Bored truck driver plays war tourist in Syria BBC News  Church of England drops gay bishop opposition Argentina's understanding of history is laughable  Telegraph Drone attacks unacceptable Pakistan Foreign Office Spokesman said the attacks were illegal, unacceptable and against Islamabads sovereignty. BBC News  Hugo Chavez suffers 'complications' after surgery 60,000 Dead in Syria? Why the Death Toll Is Likely Even Higher  The Atlantic India. Assam women beat 'sexattack politician' Bikram Singh Brahma Antigovernment protests rage across Iraq  David Nutt If Alcohol Were Discovered Today, Would it be Legal? Booze has created a public health crisis of immense proportions
 The Yangtze River turned red today Thailand proposes free health care for kids  Sec. Clinton is trying to get the 1974 JacksonVanik amendment lifted so we can start trading with Russia Ryanair CEO 'Stupid' Passengers Deserve Fees Stunning Video Shows Greek NeoNazis Smashing An Immigrant's Stand At A Market (business insider)
 Hong Kong backs down over Chinese patriotism classes. Suicide bomber who killed six in Afghanistan was 14 years old Japan cuts $78b in spending, warns reserves may dry up by November Vatican official says Israel fostering intolerance of Christianity  responding inadequately to violent attacks against the faith by Jewish extremists The Arab Spring is dead  and Syria is writing its obituary  Police shootings raise questions over CIA role in Mexico Experts warn of 'perfect storm' for global economy  Syrian rebels use kidnappings to raise funds Syrian troops storm Palestinian refugee district. South African police shot fleeing miners, witness says United Kingdom's Prince Harry was deployed to Afghanistan this Friday as an Apache helicopter pilot for the Britain's Army Air Corps. Hong Kong backs down over plans for compulsary Chinese patriotism classes after weeks of protest; classes will be optional for schools BBC News  China earthquake death toll rises in Yunnan and Guizhou Large weapons cache found in Mexico after 9 year old boy takes gun to school For the first time in nearly a decade, the Colombian govt will sit down for peace talks with the Marxist guerrillas of the FARC, which has been fighting to create a socialist Colombia since 1964 Rimsha Masih, 14 year old Christian who allegedly burned pages of the Quran, freed on bail by Pakistani authorities Pirate Attacks Down as Private Maritime Security Business Booms  In the Indian Ocean, home to some of the world's busiest shipping lanes, a war rages between Somali pirates, who have attacked 800 ships and taken 3,400 hostages in the past four years, and private security firms Sweden's Shame  In 2001, the Swedish government turned over two Egyptians to the CIA so that they could be sent to Egypt, where they were tortured. Has The German Pirate Party Lost Its Way? Malaysia Airlines Plane 'Loses Contact' Malaysia Airlines says a plane  flight MH370  carrying 239 people has lost contact with air traffic control. It has been reported that two passengers who were listed on the plane's manifest  an Italian and an Austrian  were not actually on the flight but had had their passports stolen in the past two years in Thailand CNN team told to stop broadcasting from Crimea Russian soldiers begin to storm bases in Crimea Vitnamese Navy confirms plane crashes into the sea. Interim Ukrainian government says it has no plans to cede Crimea to Russia South Korean military given new authority to launch preemptive strike against North if they beleive an attack is imminent. Turkey Scrambles Jets After Russian Flyover Russia sent a surveillance plane into Turkish airspace as a US Navy destroyer passed through on the way to the Black Sea. Russia may halt US inspections over sanctions Russian news agencies says Moscow is considering a freeze of U.S. military inspections under arms control treaties in retaliation to Washington's decision to halt military cooperation with Russia. China draws 'red line' on North Korea Warning shots fired as foreign observers blocked from entering Ukraines Crimea region A sophisticated piece of spyware has been quietly infecting hundreds of government computers across Europe and the United States in one of the most complex cyber espionage programs uncovered to date. Animals left to starve to death at Ukraine zoo There have already been almost 3000 murders in Venezuela since the start of the year Sultan of Brunei to impose strict observance of Sharia Law, claims it is a great achievement for the country, and not a backward or oldfashioned step. Names and ages of all passengers aboard flight MH370 Republican senators tell Fifa Russia must be kicked out of 2014 World Cup Oil Slick Sighting Is First Sign Malaysia Airlines Plane May Have Crashed Russia may end nuclear checks in response to Ukraine sanction For First Time, Kremlin Signals It Is Prepared to Annex Crimea Guatemalan Farmers Too Poor to Protest  Tens of thousands of farmers showed up in Guatemala City yesterday to demonstrate against the construction of hydroelectric power plants and the high price of electricitybut they didn't have enough money to stay very long. Oxfam exfraud chief admits defrauding charity Ukraine crisis 'created artificially'  Russia's Lavrov Stolen European passports on missing Malaysia plane ProRussian protesters won't let wife give her husband a bag of food, Russian soldiers intervene and take the food to him.(XPost from r/News) Women protest against proposed Iraq law that would allow marriage of nineyearold girls Pilot 30 min ahead of Malaysia Airlines MH370 says he established contact with missing jet 80th birthday of Yury Gagarin, first man in space The same two people who were traveling on Flight 370 with the stolen passports purchased their tickets on the same transaction and were traveling together. Two more Europeans passengers with suspect identities onboard missing MH370 North Korea holds elections every 5 years. There is only one candidate for each district with Yes or No options. In 2009, 99% voted and 100% were Yes. Australia's Shark Cull Is Killing the Wrong Sharks Warm Water Worlds May Have Been Found According to New Study by German Scientists Ukrainian army from all regions moving to the south Saudi princesses plead for help as they claim they are being held by the king against their will  Their mother has written to UN human rights agency to intervene Family of Chinese passenger missing on flight MH370 makes contact with his phone Thousands marched through the Lebanese capital to demand the passage of law protecting women against domestic violence A suicide bomber driving a minibus packed with explosives killed at least 32 people and wounded 147 on Sunday in the southern Iraqi city of Hilla Chinese news, unverified, third case identified where an identified passenger on the missing 777 was actually home in China and never went to Malaysia. News in Chinese, but Google translation works Ukraine computers infected by powerful virus Thousands of women have been demonstrating in Madrid against controversial moves to scrap Spains abortion on demand law. Beijing threatens Hong Kong, says 'democracy will only bring disaster' New possible sighting of debris at sea as China sends warships to join search for missing Malaysian Airlines flight Military radar trace shows MH370 turnback, but no distress signal Libya threatens N Korea ship over seized oil  Libya has threatened to bomb a North Koreanflagged tanker if it tries to export oil from a rebelcontrolled port east of Tripoli, in a major escalation of a standoff over the country's petroleum wealth. Malaysia announces they are investigating a possible terror link in jet disappearance Malaysia Airlines What we know about Flight MH370 Japanese PM Abe to tell Putin of Japan's trilateral stance with U.S. and EU on Ukraine crisis Israel Doubled Settlement Construction In West Bank In 2013 Four onboard missing Malaysian plane had fake passports, say officials French surgeon returning from Aleppo says half of rebels are nonSyrians wishing to set up an Islamic state with sharia law to become part of the world Emirate Putin Says Missile Deal Is More Likely With Obama ...praising President Obama as a very honest man and chastising the Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, for describing Russia as without question our No. 1 geopolitical foe. Javan rhino clings to survival in last forest stronghold There are only 35 rhinos left in one wild population, and none in captivity Philippines' 14year fight for birth control National surveys show 6570% of Filipinos support the Reproductive Health bill, but it faces fierce opposition by the country's Roman Catholic Church leaders Sexist remarks and wolfwhistles could become criminal offences Three New Zealand citizens are being put in front of the Copyright Tribunal for pirating music over peertopeer filesharing networks, under the Skynet law. Frances richest man applies to become a (lesstaxed) Belgian citizen UK Drugs policies are not working, believe 75% of MPs 'More than threequarters of the MPs said that drug policy needed to draw much more on evidence and research.' Decriminalise cannabis, ecstasy to curb addiction report (Australia) New Zealand high Court throws out climate change critic's lawsuit against scientists. (xpost r/environment) Iceland Shows Other Europeans How to Survive Bankruptcy Small Atlantic nation enjoys growth and employment gains after failing to rescue its banks. Mainland Europe remains stuck with stagnation, decline, and ruinous rescue packages India makes history with 100th space mission Mass protest in Japan against U.S. hybrid aircraft  Tens of thousands of people rallied on Japans southern island of Okinawa Sunday against the deployment of US Osprey military aircraft after a series of accidents elsewhere involving the planes Syrian government destroys water pipe that delivered drinking water to millions of residents of Aleppo Pakistan has prohibition laws; therefore, it has a moonshine problem Worlds Richest Gain $25 Billion as Zong Now Top in China  The 40 richest people on the planet added $25.3 billion to their collective net worth this week Kurdish gathering turns violent in Mannheim  Around 80 police officers were injured and 31 people arrested in Mannheim on Saturday after an international gathering of about 40,000 Kurds erupted in violence triggered when a teenager was stopped with a banned flag. Iraq's Sunni vice president sentenced to death Nucleararmed Iran not an option, says German foreign minister  Calls on Tehran for substantial negotiations over its controversial atomic program.  We share the Israeli concerns about Iran's nuclear program.  Nicaragua volcano belches ash cloud, hundreds evacuate  Nicaraguas tallest volcano, San Cristobal, belched an ash cloud nearly a mile into the air on Saturday.
 Threat to wildlife haven in 'scariest place on Earth'  The forbidden public toilets of Beijing Egypt coordinating with Israel in Sinai military offensive   Egypt's military has been coordinating its offensive against Islamist militants in the Sinai Peninsula with Israel. Cairo said it has killed 32 militants and arrested 38 people since Operation Sinai began in August.  Nicaraguan volcano spews ash cloud, residents evacuated BBC News  Iraq VP Tariq alHashemi sentenced to death David Cameron's aide on child internet policy has been arrested for child pornography Russian President Putin accuses U.S. of double standard in criticizing his nation's incursion into Crimea. A Kremlin aide was quoted on Tuesday [4 March 2014] as saying that if the United States were to impose sanctions on Russia over Ukraine, Moscow might be forced to drop the dollar as a reserve currency and refuse to pay off any loans to U.S. banks. Obama promises to protect Poland against Russian invasion US Antigay evangelist Scott Lively to stand trial for 'crimes against humanity', is being sued by the organization Sexual Minorities Uganda, which alleges that his actions in Uganda over the past ten years led to the persecution, torture, arrest and murder of gay people in the country. Turkey scrambles jets after Russian plane flies near its Black Sea coast Poland requests NATO consultations under Article 4 Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany told Mr. Obama by telephone on Sunday that after speaking with Mr. Putin she was not sure he was in touch with reality, people briefed on the call said. In another world, she said. A farright candidate for Paris elections says France's Roma population should be concentrated in camps President Barack Obama has said that Russia is on the wrong side of history and in violation of international law for sending troops into the Ukranian region of Crimea. He also promised America will make Russia face consequences for its actions. Chinese babytrafficking ring busted wide open, leads to rescue of 382 babies and arrest of over 1,000 Ukraine tells UN Russia has 16,000 troops in Crimea; Russia says Yanukovych requested them (3/3/14 522 pm) Russia is Looking for a Hot War, Says Georgias Former President Ukraine and Russia the military imbalance [infographic] Russia use the same group of protesters in different regions of Ukraine Ukraine loses it's 204th Tactical Aviation Brigade To The Autonomous Republic of Crimea Secret document suggests UK will not support trade sanctions against Russia Russia's First Targets in Ukraine Its Cell Phones and Internet Lines French scientists revive 30,000yearold virus, say it serves as a warning that unknown pathogens entombed in frozen soil may be roused by global warming Moscow intends to discuss the Ukraine crisis with the West on two key conditions. The source says the 21 February agreement  signed by ousted President Yanukovych and the Ukrainian opposition  must be implemented, and that all Ukrainian political forces must take part in negotiations. US urges N Korea restraint after two more test missiles Former Ukraine PM Yulia Tymoshenko urges superpowers to use force against Russia Ukraine crisis Russia stands firm despite rebukes, sanctions threats Two women who represented 'opressed citizens of Odessa' in Sevastopol were previously seen during the storm of Kharkiv Regional Government Putin Russia has no plans to annex Ukraine's Crimea region Venezuela In 17 days of protest 18 dead, 261 wounded, 1044 arrests and 888 precautionary measures Senator Scott Ludlam coolly tells Prime Minister Tony Abbott to go ram his heartless, racist exploitation of peoples fears Russia and US Still Friends in Space, NASA Says Sweden stops aid to Uganda over antigay laws Vancouver Police Department to feds We wont enforce new pot law First LSDassisted psychotherapy research published in 40 years in Switzerland, Dr. Peter Gasser Russian oligarchs lost 13 billion yesterday. Money may be more at play than being talked about. Tony Abbott pledges support to loggers and moves to remove National park statuses from forests Russia Today anchor who went off script to criticize Russian invasion to Crimea sent to the region to be educated, refuses, keeps her job Wealthy Residents Depart Chinese Mainland in Search of Clean Air  The term 'environmental refugee' has taken on a new meaning in China. Rich Chinese Mad Over Cancelled Canadian Immigrant Program  Threatening legal action against govt after Ottawa cancelled popular program offering way to buy entrance to those with net worth of $1.6m & able to lend Ottawa $800,000 interestfree for 5 yrs Yanukovych funneled money through the Netherlands; Dutch Ministers silent on the issue Israel halts 'Iran weapons ship' to Gaza Scottish leader calls on all Britons to back independence  Scottish leader Alex Salmond called on all Britons on Tuesday to back his campaign for an independent Scotland to help create a northern economic counterweight to stop London from sucking the life out of the rest of the country UN Report Identifies 30 Drone Strikes That Require Public Explanation | Common Dreams Russia has revealed it sold a record $11.3bn in foreign currency to support the rouble on March 3, during a Black on Monday of panic selling over the crisis in Ukraine | The Russian central bank sold foreign currency to buy roubles and prevent the Russian currency from falling further in value. Russia Threatens to Seize US Assets if Sanctions are Made No more national parks as Tony Abbott pledges to support loggers as the 'ultimate conservationists' It is not appropriate to invade a country and at the end of a barrel of a gun dictate what you are trying to achieve. That is not 21stcentury, G8, majornation behavior. John Kerry Ukraine crisis Ukrainians rush to join military  Ukraine has called up its reserves even though Russian invasion has so far been bloodless A US drone strike in northern Yemen on Wednesday killed four suspected AlQaeda members, including an Iraq veteran, a military official said. Commander of the Ukrainian Navy threw a Russian Vice Admiral into a stupor  Russians do not surrender! Hamas Outlawed By Egyptian Court Russia says cannot order Crimean 'selfdefense' units back to base China to increase military spending by 12.2 percent. Russia Today Anchor Resigns Live On Air I cannot be part of a network funded by the Russian government which whitewashes the actions of Putin. Obama Signs Order Declaring Ukraine Crisis an Extraordinary Threat to National Security Marijuana decriminalization is under serious consideration Canada's conservative party Turkey grants US warship permission to enter Black Sea A Second Baby seems to have been Cured from HIV. A Clinical Trial with 50 Infected Babies will Start within 3 Months. U.S., China officials agree Ukraine's territorial integrity important UN Envoy Not Kidnapped But Threatened By Armed Men In Crimea, Agrees To End Visit Viktor Yanukovych had heart attack. He's in a hospital in serious condition. Poor 'live like animals' says Boris's privately educated sister after going on 'poverty safari' NATO to cancel activities with Russia, step up military cooperation with Ukraine Rhino with Bullet in its Brain & Hacked Off Horn Wanders for Days Before Being Put Out of its Misery in South Africa, Which is in the Midst of a Rhino Poaching Epidemic Advanced Heavy Water Reactor is the latest Indian design for a nextgeneration nuclear reactor that will burn thorium as its fuel U.S. imposes new sanctions on Russian officials it blames for Ukraine crisis RT Anchor Quits on Air An anchor on stateowned television station RT quit on Wednesday. Liz Wahl, an American working in the network's D.C. bureau, said she was born to Hungarian refugees who fled Soviet oppression, and could no longer be part of a network that whitewashes the actions of Putin. Russian Federation Council Considering Bill to Confiscate US and European Company Assets in Russia in Case of Sanctions Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has likened Russian President Vladimir Putin's actions on the Crimean peninsula of Ukraine to those of Adolf Hitler in the 1930s. Kyiv University invites Russian professor who was fired by Putin Estonia denies leaked call implicates Ukraine protesters in killings UK, US, Ukraine insist on direct talks between Moscow and Kiev US drone strike kills 5 Afghan soldiers and wounds 8 at a military post near Kabul Tim Flannery says coal communities are being kept in dark about dangers. Our government is doing an inquiry into the health impact of wind [turbines], but here weve got this risk with coal. If the federal government expanded their inquiry that would be good start, he said. Climate Change? Not in Australia.....  Top Bureaucrats in Victorian State Government told not even to use the terms. Crimean Tatar leader calls on UN forces to intervene and for Crimean Tatars to boycott upcoming referendum Ukraine signs $10 billion shale gas deal with Chevron 'If we sign up Russia will see Ukraine is determined to defend itself' Russian soldiers training in Canada given 24 hours to leave country Court in Lebanon rules that Homosexuality is not a crime, nor against nature in historic ruling China concerned after North Korean missile test comes dangerously close to hitting Chinese airliner with 200 passengers onboard Uganda president wants poachers 'shot on sight' IKEA is in trouble for cutting down 600yearold trees India became the first country, supports Russia interests in Crimea Norway will cut through an island in tribute to massacre victims Amid Crimea Crisis, Russia Proposes Expanding Citizenship in ExUSSR  The Russian government has proposed legislation that would grant citizenship to anyone who speaks fluent Russian and had once lived, or who had relatives who lived, on the territory of the Soviet Union [xpost /r/LegalNews] A group of Japanese historians Friday stood behind their governments 1993 apology over wartime sex slavery, slamming Tokyos possible move to revise it as unforgivable. Saudi Arabia designates Muslim Brotherhood as terrorist group Interior Ministry Edward Snowden delivers testimony to the European Parliament Russia says new troops weren't deployed to Crimea, but this soldier's social media photos suggest otherwise Russia Starts Massive Air Defense Drills Amid Crimea Standoff Moscow Bill Criminalizing 'False AntiRussian Information' in the Works Great Barrier Reef Faces 'Irreversible' Damage Report Russian soldiers training in Canada given 24 hours to leave country After 12 years of war, labor abuses rampant on US bases in Afghanistan More than a year after Obamas executive order outlawing forced labor on US military bases, exploitation remains Turkey's prime minister has given warning that his government could ban social media networks YouTube and Facebook after a number of online leaks added momentum to a growing corruption scandal. Ukraine crisis US sends F16 fighter jets to Poland EU slaps initial sanctions on Russia EU and US start Russia sanctions, call Crimea referendum illegal EU urges to investigate cases of people killed by snipers in Kiev Interpol says Ukraine seeks wanted notice for Yanukovich arrest Your porn is not Canadian enough, Canadian Radio & Television Commision warns erotica channels Malaysian couple to hang for starving Indonesian maid to death Russia has brought in extra 6,000 troops to Ukraine Putin ask for Authorization to send Russian troops to the Ukraine Russia admits that it has moved troops in Ukraine Russia has finally confirmed that it has moved troops into Ukraine's restive Crimea region, after speculation about Moscow's involvemen Aleksei A. Navalny, Russias leading opposition figure, was placed under house arrest on Friday and ordered not to use the Internet or telephone for two months, thus removing President Vladimir V. Putins fiercest critic from public life. Obama warns Russia there will be costs for any military intervention in Ukraine | Obama just finished his speech (link for it not up yet) Russian parliament approves use of military against Ukraine live updates Russian forces try to seize antiaircraft missile base in Ukraine's CrimeaInterfax Thousands of pro Russian protesters in eastern cities in the Ukraine, raise Russian flags and reports of shots fired. Ukraine crisis live Russia admits its troops are moving in Crimea Gold Fix Study Shows Signs of Decade of Bank Manipulation Polio vaccination team ambushed in Pakistan with IED's. Over 12 killed. Full draft text of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership leaked Russian Lawmakers Push to Simplify Annexing New Territories At least five Russian Il76 planes have landed at a military airport in Gvardiysky, near Simferopol U.N. Security Council to hold emergency meeting on Ukraine crisis Israeli military kill Palestinian woman near Gaza border hospital | The Israeli military shot and killed a Palestinian woman in the Gaza Strip in an area near the border that Israel has declared a nogo zone for Palestinians, , local hospital officials said Ukraine Journalists Race to Publish Secret Yanukovych Documents Canada supports Ukraines territorial integrity amid fears of Russian intervention, Harper says Gladiator School Dating to 2nd Century A.D. Discovered in Austria China has accused the United States of widespread human rights abuses, including cybersurveillance and child labor... Foreign domestic workers across Asia rise up over exploitation World Bank freezes aid to Uganda over antigay law. Global riot epidemic due to demise of cheap fossil fuels Crimean airspace closed after Russian transports reportedly land China on Friday issued a report on human rights in the US, denouncing it for foreign drone strikes, statesponsored spying and rampant gun crime after Washington criticized its rights record Canadian Prime Minister tells Putin to withdraw troops from Ukraine, pulls ambassador out of Russia, withdraws from G8 being chaired by Russia and officially recognizes legitimacy of new Ukrainian government Poland, Latvia and Lithuania officially request an emergency NATO meeting in regards to Ukraine, invoking article 4 any member state can convene a meeting of NATO members to consult when it feels its independence or security are threatened. Ukraine put its armed forces on full combat alert Russian military intervention would be the beginning of war and the end of any relations between Ukraine and Russia Yatseniuk Kerry Russia behaving in 19th century fashion by invading another country on completely trumped up pretext 'What Russia is doing now in Ukraine violates the principles of U.N. charter,' NATO Secretary General says. Canada withdraws ambassador from Moscow. Follows US in standby of G8 preparations. Translation Ukrainian Parliament just passed a vote to ask US, UK, France, China and Russia for protection within the framework of the Budapest Memorandum and international agreements A severely ill man, who was deemed fit to work by the UK gov, has starved to death after his benefits were cut. Pope Francis is urging world leaders to promote dialogue as a way of resolving the crisis in Ukraine. BBC  27 dead in attack by knifewielding men at train station in Kunming in southwest China, state news agency says Ukraine's Klitschko calls for 'national mobilisation' (of the Ukrainian Army) US pulls out of G8 summit The United States will suspend upcoming participation in preparatory meetings for the G8. Going forward, Russias continued violation of international law will lead to greater political and economic isolation. Ukraine PM warns 'we are on the brink of disaster' Russia told to 'back off' by Australian PM Tony Abbott Ukraine declares total mobilization  News  World  The Voice of Russia Unidentified Gunmen surround Ukrainian military base restricting soldiers to leave North Korea's No. 2 man and Korean Peoples Army Chief arrested The Wikileaks Cables That Anticipated the Russian Invasion of Crimea  A 2006 cable...warns of a possible Russian threat to Crimea  Ukraine's 'soft underbelly' Ukraine Mobilization/Draft Begins translated from Ukrainian to English Putin ready to invade Ukraine; Kiev warns of war Russia's Seizure of Crimea Is Making Former Soviet States Nervous Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite also openly expressed fears that Russia's actions could ultimately lead to Crimea's annexation. Ukraine warns Russia that Crimea intervention will lead to war Ukraine Finds Its Forces Are Ill Equipped to Take Crimea Back From Russia U.S. to Russia Pull out of Ukraine immediately Russian antimissle warship docked 200 miles from Maiami. At least 10,000 people bearing Russian flags marched freely through Moscow on Sunday in a proinvasion rally, while dozens of people demonstrating on Red Square against an invasion of Ukraine were quickly detained by Russian riot police. G7 Leaders Statement we (the G7 Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States) have decided for the time being to suspend our participation in activities associated with the preparation of the scheduled G8 Summit in Sochi in June Poland says Russian appeasement not an option History shows that those who appease all the time in order to preserve peace usually only buy a little bit of time. Warsaw fears Russia will push west through Ukraine and threaten Poland now. Russia deploys 3500 troops and heavy equipment on Batlic coast in Kaliningrad Oblat near Polish and Lithuanian borders Russian stocks are tanking after Putin mobilizes tanks in Ukraine. Losses over 20% for stateowned mining company. All stateowned sectors (finance, gas, minerals, steel, coal) tumbling in biggest plunge of last 5 years. Merkel tells Putin Russia has broken international law in Ukraine Obama U.S. won't be able to defend Israel if peace talks fail. Russia Delivers 3am 'Storm' Deadline Russian Ruble is weakening fast; We don't have foreign cash, the last was taken five minutes ago. Now we are only buying foreign currencies but not selling, said an operator at an exchange office in Moscow. Putin like Hitler in 1930s former Czech foreign minister The Russian military set an ultimatum Sunday for Ukrainian army and navy units to surrender weapons and leave their bases in the Crimean peninsula The UK will boycott the Paralympics in Sochi over Russia's decision to take military action in Ukraine. Russian Parliament proposes bill to allow annexation of Crimea (scanned copy included in article) Ukraine Navy Chief 'defects' Newly appointed head of Ukrainian Navy swears allegiance to Crimea Ukraine conflict Russian troops break into Sevastopol Navy base Russia blocks web pages linked to Ukraine protests Japan Pledges $200 Million in Aid for Palestinians Ukraine fires navy chief for 'treason' after surrendering HQ US concedes Russia has control of Crimea and seeks to contain Putin. Russian Prime Minister ordered Russian Highways to build a bridge across the Kerch Strait, connecting Crimea with Russia Loyal to Ukraine, Tatars lie low as Russia seizes Crimea If there is a conflict, as the minority, we will be the first to suffer Mount Everest litter targeted by Nepalese authorities climbers will have to bring down 8kg of extra waste or face legal action as government tackles rubbish mountain in Himalayas Reports that Ukraine Flagship is at a NATO Mediterranean base, and not defected as RT claims. Putin ready to invade Ukraine; Kiev warns of war Russia And China 'In Agreement' Over Ukraine b'Shunned Starbucks in Aussie exit' b'We must do something. This is something. Therefore, we must do it....Yet another subtle step towards dictatorship.' b'One in four Italian couples indulge in wife swapping' Journalists 'beaten for reporting China police attack' b'Argentine president calls for decriminalization of personal drug use' b'France accused in Rwanda genocide ' b'Iran threatens to close Persian Gulf to oil tankers ' b'Japanese municipal workers killed by a tide of shit' b'Iraqi government expected to have $79 billion surplus.' Alaska's Waters Quietly Reopen To Drilling b'Malnutrition getting worse in India' b'France played an active role in the 1994 Rwanda genocide, a report unveiled Tuesday by the Rwandan government said, naming French political and military officials it says should be prosecuted.' Karadzic 'was under US protection until 2000'  Silvio Berlusconi covers up 'distracting' breasts in painting  b' Iran hands over letter to big powers.  European diplomat said the contents of the letter were laughable' b'Should We Send More Troops to Afghanistan? 8 Things To Consider' b'Law Professor Counter Terrorism Czar Told Me There Is Going To Be An i9/11 And An iPatriot Act' b'In Zimbabwe, Low Cost Technology Saves Poor Farmers' b'France took part in genocide Rwandan report  Breaking News' b'Journalist hanged in eastern Iran' b'Sex for food Rising food prices around the world are likely to drive poor women to trade sex for basic goods like fish and cooking oil, raising the risk of new AIDS infections.' Germany hails 'bulletproof bra'  b'Iran to Respond to Offer of Incentives for Suspending Program' b'Knights Templar to Vatican Give us back our 100bn' b'Iraqis Want an End to the Occupation' Police raid Georgian LGBT center The women's  group was holding a meeting when the police  arrived. The police called them perverted, sick and  satanists and threatened to distribute photographs  of them and reveal their sexual orientation publicly,  and one of the officers threatened murder. b'Irish atheists intentionally break new blasphemy law, commit blasphemy by quoting Twain, Carlin, Zappa, Christ, Dawkins, Hitchens, the Pope, and more!' b'IRAN Video shows gunman opening fire on demonstrators, who fight back' b'The Darwin Awards team is proud to announce the  late, the great, the 2009 Darwin Award Winners! ' b'Outrage over Iceland plan to reimburse the losses  of foreign investors in bank collapse using taxpayer  money  12,000 euros per citizen' b'A wealthy British Nazi sympathiser was behind the theft of the infamous sign above the Auschwitz death camp.' b'Capsule hotels, built for salarymen who missed the train home, are becoming a last resort for Japans  unemployed.' b' Gordon Brown promises full body scanners at UK airports' b'N. Korea calls for end to hostilities with U.S. ' b'Eye Hospital in India Restores Sight With Free Surgeries Why does it look like India is doing a better job of taking care of their poor with making sure they have eye care than in the United States?' b'Why Poland Accounts For Half of Britains Criminal Extraditions' b'Impoverished women can be hard to reach, and even if they are given folic acid pills they sometimes wont take them for fear that they actually are birth control pills. So micronutrients instead are often added to such common foods as salt, sugar, flour or cooking oil.' b'Oilrich Venezuela ushered in 2010 with rationing of  electricity use in malls, businesses and billboard' b'Venezuela rations water supplies' b'Two Belgian bankrobbers have been named the Darwin Award winners of the year after killing themselves while trying to crack open a cash machine. The pair used so much dynamite that they destroyed the entire bank building ' b'Burj Dubai, the worlds tallest building opens for business this week  if it can find any' b'Prince Charles was so convinced Blair was wrong to take Britain to war in Iraq he broke Royal tradition and actively campaigned against the invasion... according to UK tabloid, News of the World' Darfuristan How the world's campaign to stop a genocide created a quagmire The idea might be hard to accept in the United States, but on a worldwide scale, the decade of the 2000's will go down as a big success. b'Students snowed in for two days at highest pub in UK ' b'Somali pirates seize British superfreighter ' b'Tajikistan earthquake leaves 20,000 people homeless' b'Remember the shortages in the US for H1N1 vaccines a few months ago? France bought 94 million doses...but so far only about five million people in France are recorded as having been vaccinated since...October and is now trying to sell their surplus.' b'Images of lethal mudslides in southeastern Brazil' Afghan MPs snub Karzai's new cabinet, reject 17 out of 24 of his nominees b'The North Korean human rights crisis by murder rate is the worst in the world... What is happening in North Korea is genocide.' b'But, for a week or so after landing, a form of what might be called Ameristalgia makes us conscious of a rudeness in British life A Letter From London' b'Women Sent to the Back of the Bus in Israel ' b'Chris Hedges Clumps of his skin had peeled away, and what was left of it was translucent...As he was lifted from the stretcher to the ER bed, he screamed Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, then Put me to sleep, please put me to sleep.' No, really Iran's Foreign Ministry has lashed out at France over resorting to violence in dealing with protesters in the country, describing it as violation of human rights. b'Pakistan Over 700 Civilians Killed in US Drone Strikes, when did the US go to War with Pakistan exactly?' World's tallest building opens in Dubai b'TSA to require advanced screening for mainly Muslim countries such as Libya, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Afghanistan and others. Just for a little variety, Cubans will also be required to go through advanced screening.' b'Quake leaves 20,000 homeless in Tajikistan' Hey Reddit, I was searching for the oldest article posted on the BBC's website, and this is what I found. Web users reported an outage of China's strict Internet controls, known as the Great Firewall, for several hours this morning, allowing them brief access to banned websites such as YouTube, Facebook and Twitter. b'Tougher US air screening for passengers arriving by air from 14 nations which the authorities deem to be a security risk' b'the writing on the banner behind alZawahiris head was added to the image afterward and at the same time as the logo of IntelCenter, which released the video' b'In pictures Italian doctor in Kabul who provides free care to amputees [10 pics]' b'Bomber who killed seven C.I.A. in Afghanistan was a Jordanian asset' b'A real hero dies. A leader of the Norwegian resistance who helped carry out one of the most daring acts of sabotage of World War II (they made a movie) and a Sailor on KonTiki' New cybermonitoring measures have been quietly introduced New Zealand giving police and SIS the power to monitor all aspects of someone's online life. Now all mobile calls, texts, email, internet surfing, online shopping, chatting and social networking can be monitored anywhere in New Zealand.  Bolivia MAS win Presidency and 2/3 control of Congress  'Like Morales, Allende spoke of a peaceful, democratic revolution and, in spite of relentless attacks, believed the capitalist opposition would ultimately have to respect his democratic mandate' b'Steady economic growth is an underreported news story  and to our own detriment. As human beings, we are prone to focus on very dramatic, visible events, such as confrontations with political enemies or the personal qualities of leaders, whether good or bad.' Not sure how this works, but here's a suggestion for a WorldNews subreddit logo... b'Africas Population Growth and its Developing Healthcare Challenges' b'BBC News  Extremist Islamic group defends Wootton Bassett parade' b'The Whitewash of Serb Atrocities' b'Israeli Arab MK (parliament member) 'Settlers are a malignant tumor.'nVerbal spat erupts at Knesset civil rights debate; MK Rotem wishes Palestinian state death by cancer. Now who would you agree with?' b'Bolivia demands access to Pacific Ocean by constructing the Arica tunnel'' b'Way to end 09 on a high note No U.S. combatrelated deaths in Iraq in December. Downvote this to hell for being positive and about Iraq, but it is good to see fewer people dying.' b'Iraq shocked as judge drops Blackwater charges  so many innocent Iraqi people  young, students  were shot by someone who liked to shoot unarmed people.' b'Danish police shoot and wound man in home of Kurt Westergaard (creator of cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad )' b'Iraqi prisoners were sexually humiliated by female British soldier  Fourteen new cases of sexual abuse have been made against a secretive British Army interrogation unit' b'The man who shamed Nigeria  Nigerians struggle to understand why a privileged son tried to become a suicide bomber' b'Israeli Arabs and Jews protest against Gaza blockade. ' b'Neodymium is one of 17 metals crucial to green technology. Theres only one snag  China produces 97% of the worlds supply. And theyre not selling' b'A Somali man was shot as he allegedly tried to enter the home of Danish political cartoonist Kurt Westergaard  known for his controversial depictions of the Muslim prophet Mohammad.' b'Shooting Handcuffed Children  The occupied government of Afghanistan and the United Nations have both concluded that U.S.led troops recently dragged eight sleeping children out of their beds, handcuffed some of them, and shot them all dead. ' b'Hundreds of cars torched in France at New Year | Reuters' b'Iran in serious crisis opposition leader Mousavi' b'China says 5,394 arrested in Internet porn crackdown' b'Lithuania forced to shut down reactor according to new EU regulations.' b'Harvard Takes it Back and Says Swine Flu was Oversold' b'2009 Saudi Arabia opened its first ever coeducational university, where men and women can even take the same classes together  and with one of the largest endowments in the world.' b'Iraqi Reaction to Blackwater Immunity' b'Walls never work in the Middle East or in Ireland ' Danish police shoot intruder at cartoonist's home b'Honduras coup protest photo presented as Iranian' b'Praising a terrorist in the Washington Post defining courtesy' Tehran's thugs cannot last Any government that imagines it has a divine warrant will perforce deal with its critics as if they were profane and thus illegitimate by definition. b'Attempt to Kill Danish Cartoonist Fails ' b'Role reversal Iran issues deadline for West to comply with its demands' Somali pirates' cash suspected cause of Kenya property boom b'Life under the Apartheid Israeli Regime supported from Western countries [pics]' b'Three Americans go to Uganda and teach thousands (including police, national politicians, etc.) how gays and their agenda are trying to destroy Ugandan families and sodomize their children.  Result a bill to impose a death sentence for homosexual behavior.' b'Soviet General, 1986 After seven years in Afghanistan there is not one square kilometre left untouched by the boot of a Soviet soldier. But as soon as they leave the place, the enemy returns and restores it all the way it used to be. We have lost this war.' Very quietly, China has become the world's secondlargest producer of scientific knowledge. If it continues at this aweinspiring rate, China will overtake the US before 2020 and the world will look very different as a result Investor who made huge fortune off predicting Enron crash now predicting China's bubble is about to burst b'2,000 Egyptian riot policemen attacked and injured volunteers of the Viva Palestina aid convoy that were inside the port of Al Arish preparing to drive the convoy vehicles to Gaza to deliver medical and other humanitarian supplies' b'UK government plans to implement loophole to prevent people from being prosecuted for war crimes' b'France wants tax on Google. We are not going to be stripped of our heritage for the benefit of a big company, no matter how friendly, big or American it is.' EU website hacked. Spanish president's photo with replaced with one of Mr. Bean. UN concludes video showing Sri Lankan soldiers apparently executing naked Tamils 'appears to be authentic'. b'KFC accused of racism over Australian advertisement, a case of American cultural insularity  They have a tendency to think that their history is more important than that of other countries.' b'Afghan war kills three children a day' b'A church was set on fire in Malaysia early Friday by unidentified attackers amid a growing conflict in the country over the use of the word Allah by nonMuslims' b'Google is a very useful and powerful search engine but do You know how much information that You give away when You make use of it?' b'Over 1 billion people do not have access to safe, clean drinking water.' b'Denmark politicians demand more stringent immigration rules after cartoonist attack... in a country that already has one of the strictest immigration policies in Western Europe!' Iran to try 5 people  in connection with riots on the charge of 'moharebeh'  an Islamic term meaning warring against God  which carries the death sentence b'A BBC investigation has cast doubt on key evidence in the case against the Libyan convicted of blowing up a US jet over the Scottish town of Lockerbie in 1988.' b'Canadian Transport Minister John Baird confirms that Ottawa ordered airline body scanners months ago' b'Burmese whistleblowers sentenced to death' b'Ending the culture of female genital mutilation' b'1970sstyle rationing as UK National Grid cuts off gas to factories ' b'Sudan on the brink of another civil war' b'Palestinian Christian groups are boycotting celebrations of Orthodox Christmas in Bethlehem, accusing their Church of selling land to Israelis.' b'Attack on Coptic Christians in Egypt Leaves 7 Dead' b'The conspiracy theory presented in a documentary made for Iranian TV suggests that Ms. AghaSoltan first sprayed fake blood on her own face, while pretending to have been shot, and then was later killed by the two men who seemed to be trying to save her life.' b'23yearold British woman on holiday in Dubai told police she had been raped, only to be arrested herself for having illegal sexual intercourse' b'Portugals parliament approves samesex marriage' I think you're trying to seduce me Mrs. Robinson.  Ireland rocked by scandal as First Minister's 58 year old wife is caught in an affair with her 19 year old lover.   b'No taxes, no customs duties, no government patents, no government copyrights a secessionist area within the Ivory Coast is flourishing, and the UN, the BBC, and bureaucrats find this astounding' b'French man earns bravery medal for diving into an icy river and saving a pregnant woman who was trapped inside a crashed car in northeastern France.' b'Costa Rica is one of the very few countries to have abolished its army, and its also the happiest nation on earth' b'Norway Time Hole Leak Plunges Northern Hemisphere Into Chaos | Pakistan Daily (Did someone forget to take their pills this morning?)' b'Study Bankers worth less to economy than Hospital Cleaners' b'Attacks after Malaysian court rules Christians can call their God Allah' b'Video footage allegedly showing Sri Lankan troops executing Tamil Tiger rebels last year is authentic, a UN envoy has concluded. WARNING very graphic footage!' b'Two former Blackwater guards charged with Afghan murder' b'And so the protest boat hit by the Japanese Whalers has sunk.  I hope someone gets in trouble.' b'Israel will pay US $10m in compensation for damage caused to United Nations buildings in Gaza during the assault a year ago' b'Canada no longer a haven for war resisters  Prime Minister Harper wants to send back 200 American asylumseekers' b'Looks like chemical fingerprint of the bomb that killed seven CIA agents may match the kind produced by Pakistani intelligence...' b'United Nations peacekeeping forces last week discovered a large number of buried explosive devices in southern Lebanon about a kilometer from the border with Israel. ' b'Israel bombs Gaza again, three killed.' Europe's Jobless Rate Unexpectedly Hits 11Year High b'Blackwater Settles Massacre Lawsuit by Paying Families of Dead Iraqis $100,000 Each. Blackwater says it is pleased with the outcome' b'I'm sure the hundreds of thousands of women who 'flashed' all their friends yesterday had the best of intentions. You know what I didn't do? Think about breast cancer. That's what this is mostly about not cancer, but flirting.' b'Northern Irish fundamentalist Christian politician caught having an affair with a man 40 years her junior. After gaining him government favors and 50000' It's Cold in England. How different is 2010 from 1963? b'China hit with $2.2 billion software piracy lawsuit' BBC News  'Not guilty' plea in Detroit plane bomb case b'Chart showing deaths of Israelis and Palestinians since the second Intifada. Guess which one has born the brunt? ' b'New airport scanners break child porn laws' b'Indian eye clinic founded by a single doc has treated 27 million patients, performed more than 3 million lifechanging eye surgeries, for slightly more than the cost of a meal at McDonalds. (Video)' b'The president of Iceland refuses to sign a legislation to reimbuse nearly $5.7bn lost by British and Dutch savers in the failed Icelandic banks.' b'87% are illiterate, 1 in 3 experience physical, psychological or sexual violence, 44 yrs is the average life expectancy rate, 70  80% face forced marriages... Afghan women' Russia follows the EU in rejecting US poultry imports because of chlorine washing, and may not allow a current 30,000 tonne import into the country. That's a lot of meat. b'Teenager who killed his girlfriend by dousing her in petrol and setting her alight has been sentenced to at least 21 years behind bars' b'Sweden allows wolf hunting after 45 year because having 237 wolves in the entire nation is a few too many' b'BBC News staff photographer accosted by police for... taking a picture... of a sunset... at one of Londons biggest tourist attractions. Bloody cretins.' b'Another New Years Eve, another round of car torchings in France. And another wave of reader complaints that we dont brand these arsonists as Muslims. What echoes through these comments is the force of conviction without proof.' b'Why Are We So Blind to the True Horrors of War?' b'she was pinned down in a guava orchard and raped by a farmhand who wanted to cure her of her attraction to girls. She said that she was impregnated and infected with H.I.V., but that her grandmothers reaction was simply,  You are too stubborn. ' b'Canada Goes After Yes Men For Copenhagen Parody, Knocks Out 4500 Websites' b'Israel okays four new Jewish residences in East Jerusalem funded by an American millionaire.' b'Burma to hold first elections in 20 years, Burmese told by dictator to make correct choices. The last election was ruled invalid after the military overwhelmingly lost.' b'Shell is embroiled in major row with World Bank and green energy companies for refusing to honour warranties on solar power systems sold to Sri Lanka' b'Icelandic president refuses to sign bill approved by congress about paying back IceSave account holders in Britain and Holland. The bill will now be subject to a national vote.' b'Photographs of Afghan children  no matter where in the world, kids are just kids' b'Iran bans contact with foreign organisations, including the BBC ' b'Italy classaction suit planned against Microsoft seeking compensation for Windows software preinstalled on computers for people who did not want it.' b'CIA Blast Blamed on Double Agent It looks like an al Qaeda double agent... It's very sophisticated for a terrorist group that's supposedly on the run.' b'Russia has completed a new oil pipeline and port complex that sets Russia up to become a more powerful oil exporter than Saudi Arabia. The ramifications for Europe and Asia are profound The shape of the global economyand the global balance of powerwill be altered forever.' b'Magazine Report Angers Politicians Did the CIA Plot to Kill German Citizen?' Gulf countries face water shortages. The region's rapid population growth and accelerated socioeconomic development have increases water demands from less than 5 billion cubic metres in 1970 to more than 32 in 2005. b'Bolivia refuses to be U.S. slave VPn' b'Even Al Jazeera Sees It Coming' b'These images depict the untouched stomach contents of baby birds in one of the worlds most remote marine sanctuaries, more than 2000 miles from the nearest continent. (pics)' b'Slovakian authorities plant explosives on unsuspecting airport passengers; Innocent Irish man arrested as a result.' Ady Gil/Sea Shepherd 'cut in half' by Japanese whaling vessel  b'Fourteen suspected terrorists died Tuesday night when the bus they rigged with explosives blew up prematurely.' Reddit if a bomb had exploded on this flight and there were suggestions that government agents planted the explosives people would say 'no way conspiracy theory nutcase...' but.... An investigation by BBC's Newsnight has cast doubts on the key piece of evidence which convicted the Lockerbie bomber, Abdelbaset Ali alMegrahi.  'Stealth' boat's bow sliced off in whaling clash [incl. video] 2.4 million pounds of plastic pollution enter the world's oceans every hour b'In defiance of the ban on minarets, a Swiss man has affixed one to his shoe store' b'New toxic milk case in China kept secret for a year' b'Koreans fear witch hunt on the web' b'In Iran intelligent + political = no more education for you.' b'Mystery Thousands of Dead Octopuses Wash Up on Portugal Beach' b'The average American generates 4.39 pounds of trash per day and up to 56 tons of trash per year. Only 1/10th of all solid garbage in the USA gets recycled. Every year, 14 billion pounds of trash are dumped into oceans.' b'Israeli delegation halts UK trip over war crimes arrest threat' b'Aussie hurdler Rawlinson has breast implants removed for Olympics' b'France tops list of best places to live in the world for fifth year in a row... but Britain languishes in 25th' Islamists Stop 'Enemies of Allah' From Feeding Starving Somalis... b'How CIA was fatally duped by Jordanian double agent' b'Penniless Gurkhas turn to UK charities after Joanna Lumley campaign' b'South African President Zuma marries again There are plenty of politicians who have mistresses and children that they hide so as to pretend they are monogamous. I prefer to be open.' Bad blood The Japanese finance minister's decision to quit is down to more than poor health b'Kazakhstan now the biggest exporter of uranium at 13,900 tons. Already fishy business brewing with Iraq.' b'One killed, 4 wounded in Israeli airstrike on Gaza' b'The WHO's false pandemic flu campaign is one of  the greatest medicine scandals of the century,  claimed Dr Wolfgang Wodarg, chairman of the  PACE Health Committee.' b'Top Imams affiliated with the Islamic Supreme Council of Canada have issued a fatwa calling those terrorists who attack the United States and Canada evil.' b'Human sacrifices increase in Uganda; blood and body parts used in spellcasting to gain wealth' b'An Indian man is in a serious condition in hospital after being set on fire in the street in Melbourne early this morning.' Muslims and Christians set fire to each others' homes and shops near the southern Egyptian town b'Putin warns Russia is prepared to go on the weapons offensive.  In order to preserve a balance, while we arent planning to build a missile defence of our own, as its very expensive and its efficiency is not quite clear, we have to develop offensive strike systems.' A beauty pageant winner from Canada's east coast says she will join this year's seal hunt after an antihunting group altered photos of her wearing sealskin. Iran's hardline president has ordered the formation of a team to study the damages the country suffered from the 1941 Allied invasion in order to demand compensation. b'Yemen the mood in Sanaa  Many worry they will be collateral damage in the next front of America's war on terror' Politician who said homosexuality could be cured is under fire for getting her teenage lover a 50,000 pound loan. Her politican husband didn't disclose the loan.  b'I caused a mass riot in India, leaving 185 people arrested so far, and about 100 business owned by Larry Summers oligarchfriends [Mukesh Ambani], smoldering in ruins. ' b'Israel launches air strikes in Gaza' 'CIA bomber' shown vowing revenge b'Canadians give thumbs up to full body scanners at airports' BBC  We're all Icelanders now b'Three independent experts confirm authenticity of video footage which shows extrajudicial killings of bound and naked Tamil rebels by Sri Lankan troops. And a former army general states that the government ordered rebels to be killed and not allowed to surrender at the end of the war last year.' b'So this is what happens when you put a major sports tournament in Angola' b'Italy deployed extra police and evacuated migrants on Saturday from a southern town after residents violently attacked African farm workers protesting against their conditions.' Border oil dispute worsens fears about Iran's influence over Iraqi government  washingtonpost.com b'In an instance of shocking apathy, a subinspector of police, brutally attacked by a gang, bled to death, as his cry for help went in vain, even after two state ministers with their convoy stopped by and saw his plight.' b'Abdul Majeed Zandani, A Yemen religious leader, says the growing interest in activities in Yemen is part of a plot to occupy the country.  He also has a KICK ASS beard!!' Yesterday's news  Ady Gil collision from three views, including on the Ady Gil. b'Two more arrested in suspected New York bomb  plot (reuters)' China Is Now The World's Biggest New Car Market Iran reformist Mehdi Karroubi's car shot at Greeces public debt Can't afford to keep people as healthy as before, but can still afford 10,000 riot police to attack its own people. b'Chevron could face damages of $27.3bn, the biggest environmental lawsuit in history because from the mid1960s until the early 1990s, Texaco (now Chevron) dumped 18 billion gallons of toxic waste and formation water directly into streams, rivers, and the jungle floor of the Ecuadorian Amazon ' b'Israel rejects US Loan Threat, saying they don't really need the money' Chvez ordered two F16 jets to intercept a U.S. military plane that twice violated Venezuelan airspace, in what he called the latest provocation in Venezuela's skies b'There have been more attacks on churches in Malaysia, in a growing dispute over the use of the word Allah by nonMuslims' b'Plane packed with 35 tonnes of North Korean arms to Iran intercepted. New Zealand company suspected of foul play.' 'Career women make bad mothers' billboards pulled b'Iceland says Cant pay, wont pay  and it is right    ' b'Iranian state television has made a documentary about the death of Neda Agha Soltan, a young Iranian woman who was shot dead during the June postelection protests in Tehran, suggesting she was an agent of the United States and Britain who staged her own death. ...' b'Remember the UAE Sheikh videod running over and torturing a guy over some missing grain  well surprise surprise he got off since he was drugged and unaware of his actions' b'Young Malaysians of various races and professions got together at the Malaysian capitol and handed out flowers to passersby in a gesture of goodwill in the wake of the recent religiouslymotivated arson attacks on four churches' b'Looks like Mexico did not fall apart after they decriminalized possession of small amounts of drugs' b'Bangladesh endorses onechild policy' My husband, a school teacher and farmer from the Palestinian village of Bilin, jailed for protesting Israel's apartheid wall b'Socialist Party of Malaysia `No more racism! Freedom of religion to all! ' b'Indian man attacked and set alight in Melbourne' China becomes the world's largest exporter b'in other times, when they brought me to the roadblock the entire village chased me and beat me, and nearly killed me. I prefer to sit in prison than to go back. ' b'Germany investigates whether CIA deployed a Blackwater hit team in the country' b'Canadian spared beheading by Saudi court. ' b'China pressures Indonesian economy  A new regional trade deal raises tensions between two rising economic powers' Crime lord's fake penis falls off during a raid. Attached to it was his street cred. b'Hugo Chavez ordered soldiers to seek out businesses that raise prices after a sharp devaluation of the bolivar currency last week, saying his government will not tolerate price speculation.' 'We Regret Driving Out the British,' Say Yemenis... Over 200 dead in India's cold snap Ahmadinejad Iran and Syria will create a 'New World Order'  Copyright Industry Calls For Search Engine Censorship At a behindcloseddoors meeting with a UK govt dept, Hollywood and major music labels want Google, Bing and Yahoo to delist popular filesharing sites such as The Pirate Bay, and give higher ranking to authorized sites Ireland's Sopa to pass without parliamentary vote. Anonymous targets Europe's SOPA Critics say ACTA is even worse than SOPA as it allows for closed door negotiations and can't be repealed. The European Parliament is due to vote on it in June Twitter Boycott Planned To Protest Twitter's Censorship Plan The Royal Bank of Scotland has spent more than $4m (2.5m) of British taxpayers' money to influence politicians reforming US financial law since it was bailed out by government Under EU sanctions, 95% of the world's oil tankers will be banned from carrying Iranian oil. UN tells Israel to halt demolition of Palestinian homes 
If required by law, Twitter says now ready to 
censor  Public Eye Awards Brazilian mining giant Vale and UKbased Barclays bank given the dubious honor of being named the world's most destructive international corporations Police arrest four staffers of Murdoch's Sun tabloid and a policeman 3 yrs ago, Icelanders brought down the conservative govt responsible for the collapse of the banking system. A new leftwing govt pledged to look after the welfare of the average Icelander, but opinions differ whether it has managed to do that  Syrian rebels capture seven Iranians, including five members of the Revolutionary Guard Corps, in Homs  where most civilian deaths have occured UK police arrest Murdoch tabloid staff, raid offices  Police arrested four current and former staff of Rupert Murdoch's bestselling Sun tabloid and a policeman on Saturday in a probe into suspected payments by journalists to officers for information Iran is gearing up for elections and it isn't pretty  arrest of at least 10 reporters and new Internet restrictions Arab League suspends Syria mission Senegal Protesters to March on Presidential Palace  They should expect it to be worse than June 23.  From tomorrow onwards, our youth will come out here in the streets. The ruling is unacceptable.  The president has been granted an 'illegal' 3rd term & singer Youssou NDour's candidacy rejected. East Africa Is the New Epicenter of a Shadow War  The rescue of two Americans from Somalia was not simply a daring mission, but part of a new shadow war From S. Korea with love Warm socks sent to North by balloon Fury in Senegal as court approves 85yearold Abdoulaye Wade's bid for a third term, disqualifies opponent UK couple who raised their child as gender neutral for 5 years so the infant's real personality could shine through finally revealed he is a boy Topless Protesters At Davos Forum Three Shirtless Ukrainian Women Detained A cancercausing cadmium discharge from a mining company has polluted a long stretch of two rivers in southern China, and officials warned some 3.7 million people of Liuzhou in the Guangxi region to avoid drinking water from the river, state media reported on Friday. Britain could not reclaim the Falklands if Argentina invades, warns General Sir Michael Jackson Anonymous hacker group threatens Turkey over the denial of the Armenian Genocide Why is Egypt barring 6 Americans from leaving? Egypt clamps down on U.S. groups promoting democratic reforms  potentially endangering the $1.3 billion in U.S. aid the Egyptian army gets each year 

 b'The European Commission has proposed extending fullypaid maternity leave from 14 weeks to 18 weeks' b'Stephen Harper admitted Thursday that the U.S.led invasion of Iraq was a mistake' b'Derbyshire Bystanders and passersby urge 17 year old to jump to his death disgusted police chief speaks out [BBC]' b'Stephen Harper accepted at least 20 000$ of gifts from Bush' b'A New Cold War? Hardly. Behind the bluster, Russia is collapsing' b'While the USA seeks $700bn for large banks, the UK has just put in proposals for a 12bn fund to keep small businesses afloat... [BBC]' b'Israel would use disproportionate force to destroy Lebanese villages from which Hezbollah guerrillas fired rockets at its cities in any future war' b'Bonkers Boris backs barmy boozebuying ban worth reading for the crass invective directed at unscrupolous politicians' b'British Ambassador Best Solution For Afghanistan Is An Acceptable Dictator' b'Syria rebuffs nuclear inspectors' b'British Ambassador Best Solution For Afghanistan Is An Acceptable Dictator' Kurdish rebels have killed 15 Turkish soldiers in fighting in the country's southeast b'Police in Austria arrest a 48yearold man on suspicion of killing his elderly inlaws with a flamethrower' b'Kim Jong Il Makes First Public Appearance Since Illness' b'British government planned chilling tapes for BBC broadcast in event of nuclear war' why are americans acting like they know the dynamics of Afghanistan and Waziristan, when they couldn't mention one thing about either locale that isn't on wikipedia? b'Chinese Capitalists Sell Out Mao To Make Way For A Parking Lot (well his plane anyway)' b'Ukraine No arms sales in Georgian war' b'EU heads hold bank crisis talks' b'Gaza tunnel collapses making life hard for Palestinian smugglers' b'Millions to die in China from lung disease' Palin's Apocalypse A Video with Pertinent Questions b'Israel says North Korea has helped arm 6 Mideast nations' b'Israeli settlements failure monument' b'The biggest bank robbery in Icelandic history ' A secret unit within Rupert Murdoch's News Corp promoted a wave of hightech piracy, crippling competition in the Australian Pay TV market, with direct ramifications in the US and Italy. Hunt for Skilled Labor Germany Woos Portugal's Lost Generation   The crisishit nations of southern Europe have one booming industry left  their skilled workers are in high demand in Germany, which has a chronic shortage of qualified labor. More than 1 million Saudis on unemployment benefit, up by 170 percent from December.  Dutch Catholic Church Accused of Forcing Castrations  The newspaper said the castrations were regarded both as a treatment for homosexuality as well as a punishment for those who accused clergy of sexual abuse BBC News  SuperEarths 'in the billions' This Thursday Iraq is to host the Arab Summit. It's the first summit since the Arab Spring movement and the first for Iraq since Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait in 1990. WHO praises Cuba's health care system Death of a data haven cypherpunks, WikiLeaks, and the world's smallest nation  Short history of Sealand, selfproclaimed micronation on an old oilrig in the North Sea. Once a base for pirate broadcasters. Soon, perhaps, a home for Wikileaks? Tibetan man dies from selfimmolation in New Delhi Death Penalty Statistics, Country by Country  China, together with Iran, North Korea, Yemen and the US (the only G7 country to still execute people) carried out the most executions  Strong showing for the Pirate Party in German elections  The German Pirate Party has won four seats in Saarland, one of the smallest regions in Germany, described as a conservative area. Why Portugal Will Be the Next Greece Afghan women are being jailed for 'moral crimes', says report  Courts failing to protect women, many of whom are in prison for running away from home or adultery, says Human Rights Watch Verdict on UK riots people need a 'stake in society' Billions in cash smuggled out of Afghanistan every year September 11 suspect spotted in Pakistan tribal region News Corporation's Australian branch in new hacking row BBC News  Mohamed Merah Toulouse gunman's father 'to sue France' The third British Empire  London is considered the capital of capitalism allowing foreign billionaires to stash tax free income offshore Household charge rebellion clouds Irish outlook.
Failure by a majority of homeowners to pay by this weekend would mark the first act of collective defiance against austerity
 People in Europe drink more alcohol than in any other part of the world, downing the equivalent of 12.5 liters of pure alcohol a year or almost three glasses of wine a day, according to report by the World Health Organization and the European Commission. How Do You Buy Organs On The Black Market?
  


Start on the internet, of course. Focus on countries with big income inequalities. South Africa and Yemen are good options. China is rebounding. Get the transplant done in an Israeli clinic, if you can afford to fly in your donor Major changes are needed in agriculture and food consumption around the world if future generations are to be adequately fed, a major report warns. Born in the Gulag Why a North Korean Boy Sent His Own Mother to Her Death  Life inside North Korea's Camp 14 so twisted 13yearold Shin In Geun that he betrayed his mother and only brother. Indian high court grants divorce to sexstarved husband, maintaining that denial of sex by his wife amounted to mental cruelty. Colombias former president calls Americas drug war a failure We cannot be condemned to live in war because Americans do not want to talk about it. No one speaks in favor of the war on drugs. B.C.'s chief medical officer joins call to legalize pot (Canada)  U.S. soldier dies saving Afghan girl Spc. Dennis Weichel saw an MRAP bearing down on a little girl and grabbed her out of the way. But in the process, the armored truck ran him over 'You know what men are like' Indonesia to ban miniskirts over links to rape With Google Earth, India Can No Longer Hide its Shantytowns and Slumdogs Fidel Castro to Pope Benedict What does a pope do? Egyptian Court Declares Internet Porn Illegal The Politics of Shitstorms
Is the Pirate Party Its Own Worst Enemy?  
Germany's political establishment doesn't know how to react to the Pirate Party, which now has seats in two state parliaments and owns the debate on Internet issues. Canada gets rid of the penny Ireland Officially Bans Female Genital Mutillation BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China & South Africa) agree to local currency credits to ease dollar dependency Canada's First Nations communities wrecked by OxyContin addiction  An estimated 80 percent of workingage adults in some communities abuse the prescription drug US suspends food aid to North Korea Pentagon official Israel gains access to airbases in Azerbaijan directly north of Iran eliminating the need for aerial refueling for attack on Iran  Ukraine rape scandal victim Oksana Makar dies A potential fuel strike sparks panic buying in the UK. Now one police force is recommending petrol stations should be closed Japan conducts first hangings in two years Australian couple has $1 million hospital bill after baby born in B.C. Afghan women jailed for 'running away' Italians shocked by selfimmolation protests Azerbaijan denies giving Israel air base access Algeria refuses French gunman's body for burial  Yahoo! News India Murdochs News Corp accuses BBC of unfair and baseless allegations Mohamed Merah, the gunman who killed seven people including three Jewish children, may have been an informant for France's intelligence services More bad news from the stricken Fukushima nuclear site. Detected radiation levels of 70 seiverts an hour will kill a human after seven minutes of exposure. A Kazakh shooting gold medallist is stunned as the comedy national anthem from the film Borat is played for her victory in Kuwait instead of the real one. Nathaniel Raymond is the first to admit that he has an unusual job description. I count tanks from space for George Clooney Japanese boat washed away in tsunami spotted more than a year later  CNN.com Christian bishops in Germany, Austria and Russia have sharply criticized Saudi Arabia's top religious official after reports that he issued a fatwa saying all churches on the Arabian Peninsula should be destroyed. Liberals walk out of Egypt assembly selection  Parliamentarians meet to name 100member panel to write constitution, but liberals say Islamists are dominating process. UK Revealed what children are being told about abortion  Guardian Madonna May Be Charged Under St Petersburg AntiGay Law Mozart piano composition uncovered in Austria A former Russian banker is in a critical condition in hospital after he was shot several times with a submachine gun in London. Zimbabwean conservationists said Friday they are investigating the legality of a hunting spree in the country by the heirs to U.S. magnate Donald Trump's fortune after photos showed up online of the brothers posing with dead game animals. Torontos Mayor Ford vows to lead the charge in stopping lightrail transit Mali suspended from African Union  Military coup which deposed President Amadou Toumani Tour leads to EU and World Bank halting aid programmes
 Fire Devours Kenya's Ancient Forests  Blaze destroys 1,000s of hectares crucial for water & threatens wildlife at the World Heritage site.  It's believed it came from clearing bamboo to plant illegal crops, but poachers are also suspect. Elephants fled in search of safety. (With Video)
 Police attack Portuguese people protesting austerity measures  North Korean missiles aimed at Australia BBC News  Osborne 'raiding' NHS budget to fund income tax cuts Sri Lanka rejects UN war resolution  The country's acting foreign minister condemns a UN call for an international probe into threeyearold wartime battles. Brazil police hunt blonde kidnapping gang in Sao Paulo On Thursday rebel troops in Mali went on state television to announce that they had seized control of the country and ended the administration of Amadou Toumani Toure, the president. Serbian gangsters killed rival, ate him for lunch in a stew and disposed of body using a meat grinder Japan tsunami 'ghost ship' drifting to Canada Australia has banned Chinese networking giant Huawei from participating in the multibillion dollar National Broadband Network tendering process, despite the company not being accused of having broken any pertinent laws African Union to boost forces against Joseph Kony A Brazilian Corruption Story Finally Stirs Outrage Pakistan's Quiet Erosion of Internet Freedom  In a small internet cafe in the bustling commercial area of the Pakistani city of Lahore, Nazakat Khan, 22, is surfing the net Guatemala's president says 'War on Drugs' has failed, & it's time to end the taboo on discussing decriminalization Sarkozy announces crackdown on Internet hate sites From now on, any person who habitually consults Web sites that advocate terrorism or that call for hatred and violence will be criminally punished  Israel Loves Iran Campaign Gains Force A British man has been in prison for almost six years  for refusing to put his clothes on Cannabis Legal high  Spanish police arrest 22 gang members that tattooed bar codes onto prostitutes wrists  Tory Peter Cruddas sold access to British Prime Minister White Supremacists Flee into Subway as AntiRacist Group Approaches Australia's Federal Dept of Foreign Affairs & Trade emerged as ACTAs cheerleaderinchief, trumpeting the benefits of the treaty before a rare open federal parliamentary committee JP Morgan closes Vatican's bank account Afghan gun massacre families paid compensation. The families received around $50,000 for each person killed and about $10,000 for each wounded in the shootings in two villages in Panjwai district earlier this month. 
 Mackerel fishing sanctions imposed after Iceland & Faroes breach quotas, putting stocks at severe risk of overfishing   

North Sea & Atlantic mackerel fisheries to lose ecolabel & any mackerel landed in Europe from March 31 won't be allowed to use it.  Shell Sued in U.K. Over Massive 2008 Nigerian Oil Spills Dozens of French Muslims are training with the Taliban in northwestern Pakistan, raising fears of future attacks following the shooting deaths of seven people in southern France allegedly by a man who spent time in the region, Pakistani intelligence officials said Saturday. Shell Scrambles To Pay Huge Bill For Iran Oil 'There are big frustrations with the payment route  the U.S. pressure is really working,' said a senior oil source. 'It's now nearly impossible to use the banking system.' Greek Independence Day parade becomes effectively private. Israeli court rejects deal on settlers' Migron outpost Senior Tory Peter Cruddas resigns after cash for PM access sting Aberdeen Coastguard  evacuate 209 nonessential personnel to safety after gas leak discovered at North Sea platform    Evacuating that many that quickly reflects the seriousness. Efforts underway to control the leak.
 China 'warns' India with border drill 1,000 Israelis March in First Significant Protest Against War with Iran Four years after Kosovo's ethnic Albanians declared independence from Serbia, they have stepped up a drive for unification with Albania  Court to decide fate of 19 year old who claims she was kidnapped, converted to Islam and married against her will Militia storms hotel in Libya after guest told to pay overdue bill Legacy of a Massacre The World Bank and the Chixoy Dam