 Ukraine to seek Nato membership U.S. says Russia has 'outright lied' about Ukraine Russian Army Wives Are Protesting For Russia To Come Clean About Where Soldiers Are Russians start asking are we at war? Ukraine Asserts Russian Invasion and Reinstitutes Draft Obama on Russian invasion Ukraine is not a member of NATO. But a number of those states that are close by are. And we take our Article Five commitments to defend each other very seriously. WildLeaks a whistleblower platform for poaching and wildlife crimes | Many witnesses of poaching or other wildlife crimes remain silent, fearing retribution. An anonymous whistlebower platform aims to change that. The WildLeaks project is turning information into action on the ground Malaysia Airlines lays off 6,000 jobs UK's terror threat level raised to 'severe' A volcanic eruption has started in Iceland's Brarbunga Renewable energy capacity grows at fastest ever pace Green technologies now produce 22% of world's electricity Finland Upgrades NATO Ties After Condemning Russian Tactics The idea that the United States or any outside power would perpetually defeat Isis, I think, is unrealistic, Obama said. Italy Steps Up Security Over Alleged ISIS Plot to Kill The Pope Putin likens Ukraine's forces to Nazis and threatens standoff in the Arctic Obama rules out US military action in Ukraine Gene studies of Ebola in Sierra Leone show virus is mutating fast MILF vows to stop spread of ISIS 'virus' in the Philippines More than 100 Russian soldiers were killed in eastern Ukraine in a battle this month while helping proRussian separatists fight Ukrainian troops, two members of the Russian presidential human rights council said on Thursday, citing accounts of eyewitness and relatives of the dead. U.K. Wants EU to Block Russia From SWIFT Banking Network Senegal confirms its 1st case of Ebola The Islamic State's Terror Laptop of Doom  Buried In a Dell Computer Captured in Syria Are Lessons For Making Bubonic Plague Bombs and Fatwas On Using Weapons of Mass Destruction. 'We anxiously await a Russianproduced map of Canada that shows an independent Quebec. It seems to be the way diplomacy is being conducted these days'. Palestinian leader say Hamas caused prolonged war Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has accused Hamas of needlessly extending fighting in the Gaza Strip, causing a high death toll. Polish and Ukrainian scientists unearth 1,000 victims of Stalin in castle once used as secret police prison NASA confirms that their rocket to Mars will have first launch in 2018 Russia has begun full scale invasion into Ukraine fighting now on two fronts. Russian state/military aircraft have violated Finnish airspace for the third time in a week today. Pablo Escobar's hitman released from prison after 22 years. Responsible for over 3k assasinations. NATO releases satellite imagery showing Russian combat forces inside Ukraine Putin's human rights adviser says Russia 'invading' Ukraine Lithuania calls for UN meeting over Russian invasion of Ukraine ISIS Says It's Burning Marijuana Fields in Syria Superstitious People Are Dismembering Albinos in Tanzania  In one case, 3 men armed with machetes hacked a 15yrold girl's right arm off. A witch doctor had told them they could get $600 for it. Others are being killed to harvest their skin, bones, & hair. The authorities in Brazil say they have dismantled a criminal organisation they believe was the biggest destroyer of the Amazon rainforest. India launches banking for the poor  expected to provide banking services for 90 million people by Jan 15 it is aimed to serve as channel directly to people thereby reducing corruption. Account holder gets to have zero balance without risk of closure and provides life and accident insurance Russian soldiers 'buried in secret' Merkel asks Putin to explain reports of Russian troops in Ukraine 47 UN peacekeepers 'abducted by alQaeda linked Syrian rebels', Fears for the safety of UN peacekeepers reported missing during fighting on the Golan Heights involving AlNusra Front, an alQaeda linked group Ukraine crisis T72 tank shoots hole in Russian denial Poll 89% of Gazans support rocket fire on Israel Hamas's political leader emerges after ceasefire to proclaim Jerusalem as the goal UN Security Council Meets on Ukraine Crisis MH370 satellite phone call revealed as Australia gives update on search Russia Says It Will Respond To NATO Troop Rotations In East Egyptian soldiers kill Palestinian exiting tunnel near Rafah U.N. calls emergency meeting on Ukraine crisis EU lawmakers are threatening to block a multibillion dollar trade pact between Canada and the European Union because it would allow firms to sue governments if they breach the treaty. A British nurse infected with Ebola may have caught the deadly virus after playing with a oneyearold boy whose mother had died in a treatment centre but who himself had initially tested negative for the disease, a medical colleague has said. ISIS Is Recruiting Child Soldiers, Committing War Crime, As It Gains Ground In Aleppo Forty tiger cub bodies have been found in a freezer at a Thai Buddhist temple accused of wildlife trafficking and animal abuse. Forced contact with Amazon people would be 'genocide', tribe warns Survival International says other tribes, who have themselves experienced the dangers of 'first contact', are protecting uncontacted groups against the plans of 'some anthropologists in another country' Sweden Fewer than 500 of 163,000 asylum seekers found jobs Philippine presidentelect says 'corrupt' journalists will be killed Just because youre a journalist you are not exempted from assassination, if youre a son of a bitch. Cars registered before 1997 will be banned in Paris as of July 1st. North Korea praises Trump and urges US voters to reject 'dull Hillary' Walmart, Gap, H&M Called Out for Global Worker Exploitation and Abuse Reports find tens of thousands of laborers in Bangladesh are still making garments in buildings without proper fire exits, while pregnant workers in Indonesia and India face discrimination and wage theft. The families of those killed during the 1989 Tiananmen crackdown have accused Beijing of subjecting them to nearly three decades of white terror in a bid to stop them speaking out about the massacre. Antivaccination protesters shut down Australian immunisation seminar, call doctors liars World's longest and deepest rail tunnel to open in Switzerland, after almost two decades of construction work. It runs 35 miles (57 kilometers) and connects northern and southern Europe by passing under the Swiss Alps. Switzerland says it will revolutionize European freight transport. Dozens in Russia Imprisoned for Social Media Likes, Reposts Erdogan threatens Merkel and German parliament to not recognize the Armenian Genocide by Turkey Almost all of Israels 32 women in parliament have been sexually harassed or assaulted Black Box From Crashed EgyptAir Jet Found Saudi Arabia on course to execute more than 100 people. Angela Merkel strikes deal with German states to put brakes on green energy. Pact addresses concerns that burgeoning output from renewables is putting strain on electricity grid and pushing up prices Residents challenge council on sale of 40 billion litres of aquifer water.The battle over just who owns our water is being fought across the country. Water ownership is also an in issue in Hawke's Bay. Regional councillor Peter Beaven says everyone should own the precious resource. Twitter suspends @DarthPutinKGB account mocking Vladimir Putin A number of accounts spoofing Russia and its leaders have been banned from the social media site. More than 45 million people are living in modern slavery, with Asia accounting for two thirds of the victims, a new report says. About 3,000 children from Vietnam alone are thought to be working in British cannabis farms and nail bars. Developing world invests more in renewable energy than rich countries for first time, new study says The new president of the Philippines says many slain journalists deserved it Israel on Wednesday freed a Jewish extremist detained 10 months ago following an arson attack in which a Palestinian toddler was burned to death. David Cameron's former advisor admits downloading images of girls as young as 10  but denies they're indecent BBC News Renewable energy surges to record levels around the world Former Miss Turkey given prison sentence for insulting president Erdogan on Instagram A sevenyearold boy who went missing in bearinhabited forests in northern Japan after his parents said they abandoned him as punishment, has been found alive, according to local reports. Families of victims murdered by Colombian paramilitaries are one step closer to achieving justice for their loved ones as a United States judge gave the green light for a federal lawsuit against former executives of the U.S. fruit company Chiquita. Young fish become hooked on eating plastic in the seas in the same way that teenagers prefer unhealthy fast food, Swedish researchers have said Cyclist died after three ambulances could not find Olympic velodrome London Ambulance Service took 27 minutes to reach venue because satnavs had not been updated since 2012 Games President Obama defended his declining military budgets and reluctance to use military force in Syria Thursday, saying the U.S. made mistakes when it overreached in Vietnam and Iraq. Thailand Creating Forests By Dropping Millions Of Trees Out Of Aircraft Mysterious boom sounds heard throughout northeast of Romania Poland plans paramilitary force of 35,000 to counter Russia Angola president appoints billionaire daughter boss of state oil firm Ankara to Berlin You burned the Jews in ovens, and accuse Turkey of genocide A highprofile, Putinbacked campaign to protect the habitat of Persian leopards has been quietly abandoned, clearing the way for Russia's richest man to expand his ski resort. North Korea ballistic missile explodes on launch fourth straight time Hubble Space Telescope astronomers have discovered that the universe is expanding 59% percent faster than expected. 30 more tiger cub bodies have been found at the Thai Buddhist temple accused of wildlife trafficking and animal abuse. Officials say 499 Islamic extremists pose threat in Germany Taiwan holds first Tiananmen commemoration in parliament the Swiss will on Sunday vote on a radical proposal to provide the entire population with an unconditional, basic income to fight poverty, inequality and provide a dignified existence to all, according to campaigners. Paris shuts Louvre museum to evacuate artworks as flood waters rise Documents reveal how Ayatollah Khomeini was talking in secret with US before and during Iranian revolution. The Philippines Giant Fish Are Disappearing  Overfishing has almost wiped out 59 reef fish species. U.N. adds Saudi coalition to blacklist for killing children in Yemen A giant panda cub has been born at a zoo in Belgium, an event so rare it is being described a true miracle. The healthy male cub was born at a wildlife park outside Brussels to sixyearold Hao Hao and her mate Xing Hui, both on loan from China. Stanford researchers stunned by stem cell experiment that helped stroke patient walk Arrests For Social Media Posts Surge In London Canada wants answers as Russian rocket set to fall into Arctic waters Germany recognizes the Armenian Genocide Media Is Ignoring The Most Important Part Of Stephen Hawkings Comments On Trump Hawking said he didnt believe Trump was the greatest threat facing America, or even the world. The greatest threat is humancaused climate change. Germanys second largest supermarket chain, Rewe, will stop using plastic bags. This will save Germany from 140 million plastic bags landing in the garbage every year. Elon Musk says he plans to send rocket to Mars by 2018, manned mission to planet by 2024 . Isis terror plot in Germany Four Syrian men arrested for allegedly planning suicide bombings in Dsseldorf Ignoring Turkey, U.S. backs Kurds in drive against ISIS in Syria Jeremy Corbyn promises to try and kill TTIP Foreignconnected PACs spent $10 million on the US election so far It isnt only American companies and unions that spend money on the US election, subsidiaries of European firms also make themselves heard. The biggest spenders so far are a Swiss bank and a British defense company Brazil's government has sprung a leak, and a flood of secrets is gushing out British Special forces play Bollywood music to annoy ISIS The colorless coral corpses of north Queensland will soon be blanketed with mats of algae, and the hard skeletons will begin to crumble. It may take decades for the submerged wonders of what had recently been unspoiled reefs to resprout and recover from the wipeout, if they ever do. 20yearold sentenced to 5 years in prison for plotting a terror attack on Swedish soil. 'Universal cancer vaccine breakthrough claimed by scientists Big Pharma and governments are 'turning a blind eye to corruption', report claims Transparency International says corruption is making a few rich and wrecking the health of some of the world's poorest people Scottish parliament votes narrowly in favour of ban on fracking Turkey recalls Germany ambassador after genocide vote India rises past the US to become the internet's second biggest user Police Crack Down on Poor Venezuelans Protesting Food Shortages Military kills five Boko Haram terrorists, rescues 248 hostages Chinas foreign minister berates Canadian journalist, calls question on human rights irresponsible Italian man suffers brain damage and now speaks and reads French Environmentalists plan fierce battle against BayerMonsanto merger Critics fear the takeover of Monsanto by Bayer would create a GMO juggernaut too powerful for Europe to resist, while conveniently disappearing a tarnished brand. Concerns abound over concentration in the seed market. Study says longterm pot use causes poor gum health  but not much else Saudi scholar issues fatwa against stealing your neighbours WiFi Twitter Unblocks Putin Parody Account After Free Speech Outcry @DarthPutinKGB celebrated his return to Twitter Meanwhile, in China 1261 people died in coal mines in the first half of 2010.  It's not as glamorous as the Chilean rescue? Ten years ago, Portugal became the first Western nation to pass fullscale, nationwide decriminalization. That law abolished criminal sanctions for all narcotics  not just marijuana but also hard drugs. By any metric, Portugals drugdecriminalization scheme has been a resounding success Merkel says German multicultural society has failed Iran infuriated by stoning film, just fine with real stoning During Fujimori's regime, Peru engaged in systemic sterilisation of poor, indigenous, rural women in a program of coercion and deceit under the guise of an antipoverty plan. Health authorities were given 'quotas' to meet, and all the victims belonged to the same indigenous ethnic group we learned that USAID, part of the Department of State, was supplying fertilizer for opium production.  Afghanistan Paris' Charles de Gaulle ITL could run out of fuel supplies as early as this Monday due to 10 out of 12 refineries and depots being blockaded by pension strikers UK companies selling pensions take 80 percent in fees and commissions.  WikiLeaks Iraq  To Upstage Afghanistan?  A Dissident Defends Us All  NYTimes.com A straighttalking engineer was behind Chile's mine rescue operation Turkey schools flout hijab ban  Where others fear to tread  The decision by a Chinese business school to set up in Africa highlights Western schools' reluctance to engage with the continent Arabs object to Israeli settlements 
Israel permits new construction, threatening viability of peace talks. China mine blast kills 20 and leaves 17 trapped The development of Germanys renewable energy sources will mean record green electricity surcharges for consumers in 2011, increasing power bills by up to 112 per year, according to industry experts. Mine blast in China traps 16. Not THIS again! Just a year ago, Reynosa  a dusty, sprawling city of half a million people across the border from McAllen, Texas  was a relatively peaceful part of the country. Now its one of the most dangerous places in Mexico. China Awarding Nobel Peace Prize to human rights activist, imprisoned dissident Liu Xiabo, encourages crime BBC News  China's leaders meet to discuss the next fiveyear plan for its economy. Rumour has it that political reform may even be on the agenda. The Russian Masterpiece You've Never Heard of  Vasily Grossman's Life and Fate has more to say about human freedom than any other Russian novel of the century. That's probably why it was locked up for so long. China  Henan, 20 miners killed and 17 trapped after a collapse France replies to EU executive on its expulsion of Roma, to give assurances that it will fall in line with EU laws on free movement or face legal action Australian Government to release children asylum seekers from mandatory detention In Rough Slum, Brazils Police Try Soft Touch Worldfamous and beloved Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has been disappeared by China's state security forces. Every trace of Ai's life and art have been erased from the Chinese internet, and his only hope may be a global outcry for his release.  Iceland Declares Independence from International Banks A Filipino Catholic bishop says a pending bill's supporters are no better than terrorists. A former mayor of Manila believes the bill is worse than martial law.  the bill is in support of condoms North Korean leader Kim Jongil is willing to hold talks with South Korea or with the United States or with the six powers on any subject any time and without any preconditions Christiania, hippy freetown in the middle of Copenhagen since 1971, faces last stand Iranian parliament starts preparing for Ahmadinejad impeachment Four Bahrain protesters sentenced to death. In Shenyang, China a Fund is Established for Japanese man who sacrificed himself to save 20 Chinese trainees from the tsunami Moroccan tourist cafe terrorist attack leaves at least 15 dead In Philippines, MILF orders its rogue commander to stop staging rebellion and immediately return to their fold Bahraini trainee pilots suspended from UK flying school after attending protests. Blast Hits Main Square in Marrakech Residents evacuate as volcano spews ashes in Ecuador. Hundreds quit Syria's ruling party to protest crackdown

AP

Thursday, 28 April 2011

    Share
More than 200 members have quit Syria's ruling Baath party to protest at President Bashar Assad's brutal crackdown on opponents China risks getting old before it gets rich  The Economic Times New Venezuelan taxes on windfall oil revenue will let socialist President Hugo Chavez boost spending on popular social programs by billions of dollars ahead of his reelection bid next year. Almost one in five British businesses admit using interns as cheap labour Turkish government bans websites with URLs containing words like 'free' 'hot' 'gay' 'animal' 'pic' and the number '31'.  AL Jaz Syrian military turn on their own Recurrent attacks on Copts has Egypt slated for US religious freedom blacklist Violence against Coptic Christians and other religious minorities continues unabated without the government bringing the perpetrators to justice French riot police protest ban on drinking on the job Our program does not include negotiations with Israel or recognizing it.  It will not be possible for the interim national government to participate or bet on or work on the peace process with Israel. Saudibacked Bahraini military court sentenced several protesters to death...inciting more protests. Doctor at the scene says Yemeni forces opened fire on a massive antigovernment demonstration in the capital Sanaa, killing 12 protesters and wounding some 190 others Hundreds of Syrians flee unrest into northern Lebanon France Dropping Concrete Bombs In Libya  Tunisian Army engages Gadaffi Troops In Brazil, an estimated 35 million people joined the middle class between 2003 to 2009, and 20 million more are expected to be included by 2014. Unemployment is at a relatively low 6.5 percent A prominent Japanese radiation specialist has resigned...inexcusable standards for school children in Fukushima   Egypt is charting a new course in its foreign policy that has already begun shaking up the established order in the Middle East, planning to open the blockaded border with Gaza and normalizing relations with two of Israel and the Wests Islamist foes, Hamas and Iran. Syrian army may be cracking as death toll rises to over 500 Battalions of the fifth division were protecting people, and returned fire when they were subjected to attacks by the fourth division. Lara Logan breaks her silence on being assaulted by a mob of several hundred men in Tahrir Square Bahrain 'torture service' official to attend royal wedding  China Releases Human Rights Activist Teng Biao Tunisia furious as Libya fighting spills over border Turkey  which already bans more websites than any other European country  will soon require all Internet users to choose from one of four filter profiles operated by their ISPs Egypt to open Gaza border crossing  Egypt's foreign minister says Cairo will permanently open the Rafah border crossing to ease Israel's blockade on Gaza On May 1, Germany will open its labor market to citizens of eight east European countries that joined the European Union in 2004. 60 girls groomed for sex at takeaway shops in Blackpool  How the World Let Qaddafi Get Cluster Bombs Libyan government forces are deploying the horrific  and, throughout much of the world, banned  weapons against rebels, proving that we will have to do more if we want to end their use Could uprisings spread from northern Africa to south of the Sahara? The prevalence of unfair electoral systems plus huge numbers of angry young people with mobile phones should make African autocrats increasingly uncomfortable Uganda erupts in anger against president Violent protests reach capital after opposition leader's arrest Head teachers are set to join an unprecedented wave of strikes that will bring almost every school in England and Wales to a standstill Spanish Unemployment Rate Rises to More Than 21% as Inflation Accelerates Exiled Tibetans elect political heir to Dalai Lama Palestine rivals Fatah and Hamas on verge of historic deal A brave Syrian man in Deraa defying the security forces, screaming in their face, and barley escapes the scene alive.  TEPCO  Amerium, Curium Found With Plutonium At Fukushima. Which means? Bristol burns once more as Tesco riots return to streets of Stokes Croft EgyptIsrael gas pipeline attacked by Egyptians; fire could rage for days Totally sick Pakistan acquits five of the six men who gangraped a woman in the name of honor Mexico wants to sue U.S. gun makers Chinese authorities crack down on dissident Tibetan monks and attack protesters, killing two Son of Kaspersky CEO Kidnapped French Riot Police outraged that they can no longer drink alcohol during lunch while they work.  France threatens to 'suspend' Schengen Treaty due to influx of Tunisian and Libyan migrants from Italy; Germany to reinstate border control. Former chief U.N. nuclear inspector Mohamed ElBaradei suggests in a new memoir that Bush administration officials should face international criminal investigation for the 'shame of a needless war' in Iraq. Death toll rising in Syria At least 90 people were reportedly killed and dozens were injured when Syrian security forces fired live bullets and teargas to disperse Good Friday protests in several cities. French riot police threaten to strike over alcohol ban Syrian security forces shoot protesters  Dozens reported dead in bloodiest day of uprising so far as Great Friday demonstrations rock several cities. Austrians hail a 'fairytale find' of medieval riches Venezuela's Chavez Hikes Windfall Tax on Oil Firms North Korea warned it will launch attacks against people sending leaflets over the border Third day of Shanghai strike threatens China exports 'AlQaeda envoy' Moganned killed in Chechnya Pirates Selling Shares As Piracy Hits All Time High 20 more unarmed protestors killed by Syrian soldiers. Australia Asylum seekers burn center  Violence occurred after requests for asylum turned down Syrian forces kill 72 at 'Good Friday' protests
 Syrian Troops Kill Protesters After 25 years there is no clear consensus about how many have and will die because of the Chernobyl debacle. Thailand and Cambodia in fresh border clash At least six soldiers are reported to have been killed and several wounded in fighting between Cambodia and Thailand over their longdisputed border. France seeks change to Schengen border agreement Misrata rebels strike back against Gaddafi snipers Libya rebels seize tallest buildings, favoured by proGaddafi snipers Left and right clash at Tel Aviv rally to support Palestinian state Germany expels openly homophobic imam  Authorities in Germany have ordered the expulsion of a visiting Islamic preacher who argues that homosexuals should be condemned to death. The move comes after Bilal Philips gave an openair address in Frankfurt. Berlusconi tells joke on tape

Look I am getting old. This morning I was chasing my secretary to do her on the table and she said 'Prime Minister we only did it two hours ago.' So you see my memory is going. NSFW CNN's Amber Lyon reports on the slaughtering and violent crackdown on activists in Bahrain.  What happens when you try to leave the Church of Scientology? Five women brutally murdered in Mexico beach resort Thousands march in Hong Kong to demand release of China's Ai Yemen's President Accepts Deal To Step Down Massive twoday antiU.S. protest begins in NW Pakistan Nearly 300 Roma women and children fled their homes in northeastern Hungary on Friday as members of a farright paramilitary group arrived for what was being billed as a threeday training camp Nigeria's 580million dollar innovative investment for its 2011 elections reduced voter fraud to an alltime low, marking what might be a history of rigged elections in African countries Spanish court bans atheists protest on Holy Thursday because it might offend Spanish Catholics Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh Accepts Deal to Step Down TurkishGerman woman's Playboy cover stirs controversy  The first TurkishGerman woman to appear on the cover of the German Playboy described the photos as an act of liberation from her strict upbringing. The story has reignited the debate on integration, Islam and gender. Libyan rebels claim to have taken back Misurata Misurata is free, the rebels have won. Of Gaddafi's forces, some are killed and others are running away Austrian turning dirt in his back yard stumbled onto 650yrold buried treasure  hundreds of pieces of jewelry and other precious objects Pakistan 25 killed in massive drone attack in North Waziristan Libyan children suffering rape, aid agency reports Foreign investors landgrabbing in Ethiopia  In Ethiopia, we have had hundreds of foreign investors grabbing fertile land at incredibly low cost. The scale of the spree is unprecedented. Investors are describing the deal as green gold. Sony's Ohga, credited with developing CD, dies British Girls Leading The Way In Britishness Yemeni president agrees to step down Bahrain opposition says authorities demolished Shiite mosques as part of crackdown on dissent Syria uprising 'We will continue until the fall of the regime' Deadly drone raid sparks Pakistan protest  Central & South Asia  Al Jazeera English Holy shit! 85.32 percent turnout for state elections in India. I did not know that was possible. Internet protests have started in New Zealand after its government passed a controversial three strikes filesharing bill under urgency Brave Saudi guy speaks out on television. Oscar Nominated Documentary Filmmaker And Photographer (Tim Hetherington and Chris Hondros) Reportedly Killed In Libya British tourist beaten to death by Dubai police  Left alone in an empty cell without water or food for three days Vladimir Putin reveals plan to boost Russian birth rate to reverse Russia's declining population. The growing rift between Putin and Medvedev could be the beginning of a twoparty system in Russia India's PSLVC16 rocket today successfully launched into orbit the latest remote sensing satellite Resourcesat2 that would study and help manage natural resources along with two nano satellites.  The conventional wisdom that Al Qaeda will rise from Yemen's ashes is being challenged by average Yemenis, who for the first time in history are claiming their freedom as individuals.  Iran central banker Lift sanctions or face spike in oil prices  oil prices will rise above $150 a barrel if economic sanctions against the Islamic theocracy are not lifted soon. Taliban suicide bomber penetrates Ministry of Defense in Kabul Japanese government targets harmful rumors; TEPCO  We don't measure the level of plutonium  2 articles Tsunami warnings, written in stone over 100 years ago, saved lives in Japan  and some who ignored them died Photojournalists Tim Hetherington, Chris Hondros killed in Libya Revolutions benefits passed over Egypts factory 
workers Europe's new telecoms law comes into effect May 25, and it avoids any explicit net neutrality rules; Commissioner pledges to name and shame bad nonneutral ISPs Supporting Ai Weiwei, Change.org falls victim to Chinese hackers | Penn Olson Two suspects in the killing of Italian activist Vittorio Arrigoni die in a Hamas raid in Gaza. I Escaped From Auschwitz  


Kazimierz Piechowski, 91, was one of only 144 prisoners to break out of the death camp. He and three others stole the commandant's car. That was when the Nazis began tattooing inmates with prison numbers, for easier recapture Scores dead in Nigeria postpoll violence Libyan war accelerates Chinese debate over nonintervention Ministry of Defence ordered to disclose involvement 
in USled rendition  The coming Balkan war  Washington Times Britain to send military advisers to aid Libyan rebels Report government cyberattacks against own citizens intensifying Dozens killed in Nigeria riots Director of Restrepo and Photographer Chris Hondros killed in Misurata, Libya. Everyone within 20km of Fukushima will be forcibly evacuated and roads blocked to prevent entry Bahrain Activist Zaynab AlKhawaja's letter to President Barack Obama as she began her hunger strike. More than 80,000 people are claiming incapacity benefits because they are addicted to alcohol and drugs or are obese Libya 'mission creep' claims as UK sends in military advisers Japan considers banning access to evacuation zone Chinese oil giant Sinopec has stopped exporting oil products to maintain domestic supplies.  6.0magnitude earthquake strikes off east coast of Honshu, Japan, less than 2 hours after 5.8 shaker Next war in line At least 20 South Sudanese army soldiers have been killed in a clash with rebel fighters.

 Bahraini protester ends hunger strike after becoming convinced that being silent in a tomb and not able to speak is not in the interests of my family. China tries to scare motorists into safer driving Leaked Report Shows England Hit With Three Nuclear Incidents In February Japans cyclone season approaches. Have Oman and Qatar escaped the Arab revolts? Rioters torch Australia asylum seeker detention centre Russian migration official fired in racism row Claimed the survival of the white race was at stake in migration policy Small amounts of radioactive iodine found in breast milk War photographer, Oscarnominated film director killed in Libya
 Effeminate boys are being sent to a special camp to be retrained in Malaysia. Japan Government Declares 12Mile Area Around Plant A NoGo Zone TEPCO admitted Wednesday that nuclear fuel in reactor No. 1 could still be melting. Fukushima evacuees face arrest if they return home Prince Charles wins some kind of a record TIL Fukushima workers only eat two meals a day   crackers and vegetable juice for breakfast, and a packet of rice with chicken for dinner. In the evenings, they gather around in a safe room to cheer Let's do our best! and clap once, before  going to sleep on the floor. Bahrain arresting doctors because they have accurate statistics on injured or killed protestors Over half of Egypt wants to end 30year peace treaty with Israel  only 36 percent of Egyptians are in favor of maintaining the treaty, compared with 54 percent who would like to see it scrapped Syria's military shows signs of division amid crackdown  Some soldiers reportedly refused to open fire against civilians in Deraa today, sparking clashes between units.  NDP leapfrogs Liberals to land
into second spot in astonishing twist in Canadian election race Channel 4 to air 'horrific' Sri Lanka footage | Media | guardian.co.uk  Investigation fronted by Jon Snow to include mobile phone films that appear to show war crimes
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Raises Minimum Wage 26.5% Guantnamo Bay files AlQaida assassin 'worked for MI6' Amateur video purportedly shows tanks rolling into Deraa and a young girl shot in Damascus, while hundreds of mourners protest over mounting deaths as government crackdown continues. TOKYO  Angry farmers brought two cows to Tokyo, shouting and punching the air Tuesday in a protest to demand compensation for products contaminated by radiation spewing from Japan's crippled nuclear plant The UN has said widespread shelling by the Sri Lankan government killed most of the tens of thousands of civilians who died in the final months of the 25yearlong war, in 2009. Vlad Putin Libya coalition has no right to kill Gaddafi Egypt's former interior minister, Habib alAdly, on trial for killing protesters; faces the death penalty if found guilty Thailand and Cambodia fortified their border positions on Tuesday after four days of artillery and mortar battles killed seven Cambodian soldiers and five Thai troops, while both sides tried to dominate nearby ancient Hindu temple ruins Poll Over half of Egyptians want to cancel peace treaty with Israel Black money comes mainly from India Assange appealed to Indians to absolutely not lose hope that the names of those with secret Swiss accounts will come out at one point in the future Russian corruption crooked officials steal multibilliondollar company, $230M tax refund, then murder campaigning lawyer South Koreans rethink Japan earthquake aid after Japan made a couple of moves that angered them Beyond the Sarcophagus The Overwhelming Challenge of Containing Chernobyl  Work on the new sarcophagus meant to contain Chernobyl's reactor 4 is a decade behind schedule. But significant problems will remain even once it is complete. For one, it is only meant to last for 100 years.  Reopening of Blackwater Case Confuses Iraqi Victims To be honest, I think the case will be dismissed again, says a victim who sustained two bullet wounds in the shooting and hit with 60 pieces of shrapnel, many which are still in his body Amid brutal crackdown, Syria poised to join UN Human Rights Council A collection of graphic shocking videos from Syria taken by citizens as security forces crackdown on waves of peaceful protesters (Warning! NSFL) NATO To Bomb Palaces, Headquarters, Communication Centers And Other Prominent Institutions As Part Of NoFly Zone Enforcement Mexican police free 51 workers taken hostage Mexican NarcoTraffickers Revelation Exposes Drug Wars Duplicity |Bill Conroy | the narcosphere Fatah and Hamas sign reconciliation deal Palestinian factions agree to form interim government and fix general election date following talks in Cairo The highest level of radiation so far has been reported at Fukushima. Robots detected 1,120 mSv per hour in the Reactor 1 building. That means it takes about 15 minutes before workers are exposed to their lifetime dose. Putin Who gave NATO right to kill Gaddafi? Christiania closes its borders [google translated] WikiLeaks Guantanamo detainee is now Libyan rebel leader. China to build 60tonne space station  Mass resignations from Syria's ruling party Hamas and Fatah 'agree to end feud', plans to form 
interim government, and hold parliamentary and 
presidential elections. Black box found for BrazilFrance crash 'Not OK' for pastors to operate machine guns Swedish church  The Church of Sweden has ruled that pastors are not allowed to man machine gun turrets while serving in the field with Swedish troops in Afghanistan. Christiania shuts down for business English article from JyllandsPosten. Those who have seen war are never the same again. We see the world through different eyes, and I consider that a privilege. I am the custodian of all these stories, and I belong to a fortunate tribe. Weeping wombs of Kasaragod Several women in Kerala (India) are aborting their foetuses fearing endosulfan deformities It has been dubbed a crazy project, but Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan on Wednesday unveiled a mega canal scheme that aims to redraw the map of Istanbul. Explosion rocks Egypt gas pipeline Syria neighbors fear future without Assad family  From Israel to Iran, Syria's neighbors are starting to contemplate the possibility of a future without the Assad family as Lords of Damascus, and, whether friends or foes, some don't like what they see. Guantanamo Files AlQaida assassin 'worked for MI6' TIL that the World Bank's chief economist defected from Taiwan to Communist China in 1979 China in no mood to listen in U.S. rights talks Communication between NATO and Libya's rebels is so bad that the rebels have to rely on a single air traffic control tower to know when Western airstrikes are coming. BBC News  Brazil Air France Rio crash flight recorder found Army blocks access by car to Palestinian Neighborhood with more than 150 residents Syrian crackdown of tanks and infantry reinforcements sent to besieged city   Misrata has come under attack by Libyan government forces attempting to retake the besieged city. Syria Tries to Defend Its Record to United Nations Al Jazeera's Beirut Bureau Chief resigns in part due to scant coverage of the bloodshed in Bahrain. Bahraini student in UK lost his scholarship and was threatened after participating in peaceful protest in UK Chinese police detained up to 40 Christians who tried to converge at the site of a banned Easter service Sunday and placed 500 more under house arrest. In Rome, 150 Roma whose camp had been dismantled took refuge in one of this citys ancient basilicas, creating a standoff on Saturday with city officials Yemen President agrees to step down, but protesters reject conditions for his resignation, which included immunity At least 500 dead in Nigeria election riots
 Royal wedding invitation to crown prince of Bahrain draws criticism Higher Education Is it really the next bubble? For Ireland's hardcore dissidents, 'the Queen is a legitimate target' In a bid to curb childhood obesity, Malaysian students will be graded on their weight. In Burma a small army of NGO volunteers are inoculating 3.4 million children from a rare strain of the polio virus that has reemerged three years after the country was declared polio free A growing number of French farmers reach the breaking point  Financial problems are thought to have been behind the suicides of more than 300 French farmers last year. Despite receiving the highest subsidies in the EU Iraqis rally against extending U.S. troops presence Israeli Minister's Nephew killed, 4 wounded from Palestinian Police gunfire in Nablus Security forces raided homes across Syria, arresting regime opponents, as funerals were held on Sunday for protesters and mourners killed in a bloody crackdown which activists said cost 120 lives. 10,000 Protesters march the streets of Casablanca protesting for a New Morocco Brazil hit by deadly floods and landslides Landslides and floods triggered by torrential rain have killed at least 10 people in southern Brazil. Libya rebels Dozens dead in Misrata fighting. 'The last 24 hours have been one of the hardest and saddest days in the last 65 days' Thousands of antigovernment protesters are standing their ground in the capital of Yemen Japan to launch massive search for quake bodies Bosnia's future Divided and unruled Syrian President Bashar alAssad faces indictment by the International Criminal Court Kuwait pledges $181 million to Libyan rebels TIL Peru had an election, the lefty won. Will face Fujimori's daughter in runoff.  Fidel Castro speaks on American Hypocrisy Syrian Forces Open Fire On Demonstrators (NSFW) Russia  How crooked officials pulled off a massive scam, spent millions on Dubai real estate, and killed my partner when he tried to expose them. A crowd of officers then surrounds a young woman who is holding hands with a little girl aged about six. The child shouts out freedom and punches one tiny fist into the air. She is grabbed by police, starts to cry, and is pushed with the woman into a police car.  Hundreds of Taliban inmates use tunnel to escape from Kandahar prison UK to sign tax disclosure deal with Switzerland UK citizens will have to hand over millions of pounds in backdated taxes on secret bank accounts How to treat monopolies Mexico agency confirms $1B fine for (world's richest man, Carlos) Slim's company Hundreds of Taliban members 'escape prison' Afghan government officials confirm that some 540 Taliban members have escaped from Kandahar prison. Thousands of Syrian troops backed by tanks swept into the town of Daraa on Monday, firing on residents and leaving bodies lying in the streets, witnesses said Protesters in Saudi Arabia Down with the Khalifas, Down with Israel, Down with Wahhabism! Russian police on Sunday freed the son of software tycoon Eugene Kaspersky Second computer worm 'hits Iran'
 Delhi Commonwealth Games chief Suresh Kalmadi arrested on corruption charges Syrian Army Storms Town Where Uprising Began tanks enter Dara'a, at least five confirmed killed, more bodies lay in the streets.  NATO air strike hits Gaddafi compound. Reuters reports it was an attempt on Gaddafi's life. 25th anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster [pics] Here we go again!! Real IRA makes threat to PSNI officers At least 18 said killed as Syrian forces in tanks, APCs fire on protesters  
Following weeks of protests, Syrian security forces appear to planning major security operation; all land border crossings with neighboring Jordan closed. Death toll reaches 14,358 from the Great QuakeTsunami in Japan Behind frontlines, Libyan rebels escalate media war Tanks and snipers in Daraa, Syria. [Video] In shift, US considers sanctions against Syria's Assad regime Italy 'to join attacks in Libya' Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi has approved the use of his country's air force in Nato's Libya mission.  Powerful blasts shake Tripoli Thirty years ago we used to think Japan was the number one fishing country in the world, with the best catching and processing methods, but that's really no longer the case, Ryosuke Sato, chairman of the Kesennuma Fisheries Cooperative Association, said . . . We've been in terminal decline. Nigerian Constitution must be set aside for Sharia, says BokoHaram
 AirAsia flight found at the bottom of the Java Sea North Korean defector details 'human experiments'  use of mentally and physically handicapped children in chemical weapons tests 'the last straw' Korean Air exexecutive Cho Hyunah arrested  earlier she ordered a plane to turn back on the runway in New York after nuts were served in a bag, not on a plate South Korean to drop Sony film The Interview in North Korea by balloon U.S. opening of oil export widens battle The Obama administration has opened a new front in the global battle for oil market share, effectively clearing the way for the shipment of as much as a million barrels per day of ultralight U.S. crude to the rest of the world FBI agents investigating the Sony Pictures hack were briefed Monday by a security firm that says its research points to laidoff Sony staff, not North Korea, as the prepatrator Indian Government Orders Blocking of 32 Websites Including GitHub, Archive.org, SourceForge Russia annual inflation jumps to 11.4% as rouble falls WikiLeaks claims employees Google mail, metadata seized by US government [Updated] Militant mistakenly broadcasts his location Armed bandits rob 300 tourists on Venezuela beach Venezuela confirms recession, inflation hits 63.6 percent in Nov Palestinian UN resolution fails More nonMexicans than Mexicans apprehended at U.S. border in 2014, new study finds Belarus eager to normalize relations with West Newly published NSA documents show agency could grab all Skype traffic Britain says it cannot support new Palestinian UN draft resolution Bolivias Morales US 'Backs Drug Trafficking' Euro zone politicians are not obliged to rescue Greece as the country is no longer of systemic importance to the single currency bloc, a senior member of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's party was quoted as saying. Greece Dissolves Parliament to Prepare for Early Elections German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a New Year's address deplored the rise of a right wing populist movement, saying its leaders have prejudice, coldness, even hatred in their hearts. Al Shabaab leader killed in U.S. air strike in Mogadishu New solar power material converts 90 percent of captured light into heat China launches website laying claim to Senkaku Islands At Least 33 Killed in Yemen Suicide Bombing China businessman jailed for 13 years for buying and eating three tigers AirAsia live Emergency slide, plane door seen in search for missing QZ8501 AirAsia plane wreckage found, bodies being recovered Scotland confirms case of Ebola  Ebola cases hit 20,000, death toll nears 8,000 WHO Pope Francis to Catholics It's time to take action on global warming Oil hits fiveandahalfyear low below $57 on supply glut Lizard Squad members who ruined Christmas for Xbox and PlayStation gamers exposed after giving interview to BBC Two students in Thailand face up to 15 years in jail for insulting the royal family after performing in a play that featured a fictional king and his advisor New Research Blames Insiders Not North Korea for Sony Hack Russian ruble drops 7 percent as economy shrinks Egyptian court permanently bans Jewish festival on moral grounds Turkish anchorwoman detained for tweet about corruption French Government Quietly Enacts Controversial Surveillance Law On Christmas Eve Bosnian Police Raid Top News Website Police raided the countrys most popular news website Klix after it published a recording on which it alleged that the Bosnian Serb prime minister spoke about 'buying' electoral support. Possible Case of Ebola in Glasgow, Scotland Turkey is being used as one of the primary routes for weapons smuggling to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and alNusra, according to a United Nations report. Swedish mosque set ablaze in second suspected arson attack in a week Cybersecurity Firm Identifies Six In Sony Hack  One A Former Company Insider The U.N. General Assembly voted unanimously Monday to ask SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon to appoint an independent panel of experts to examine new information about the mysterious plane crash that killed U.N. SecretaryGeneral Dag Hammarskjold on a peace mission to newly independent Congo in 1961 The regime must be destroyed Alexei Navalny, Russia's most prominent opposition leader, calls for mass protests in Moscow after convicted on fraud charges that are considered politically motivated Aleksei Navalny, Russian opposition leader, is convicted of criminal fraud charges and handed down a threeandhalf year suspended sentence Search area for Air Asia QZ8501 expanded, still no trace of aircraft found. Ebola case confirmed in Glasgow | World news AirAsia plane carrying 153 people overshoots runway in the Philippines One of China's most industrialized cities has put a cap on sales of new cars with residents only permitted to acquire a new vehicle either by lottery or auction due to pollution b'The Power Of Nightmares  BBC (Part 1)' Japan makes cars. Saudi Arabia pumps oil. China supplies socks and flatscreen TVs. What's America's No.1 export? Debt b'Chinese officials called it a separatist attack; new photos show Chinese officers attacking other Chinese officers.. with machetes' Huge European bank and iinsurance giant fails  bailout of 11.2 billion euro ($16.4 billion) by 3 separate gov'ts b'111yearold woman murdered after being accused of witchcraft. Belief in witchcraft is NOT just a harmless quirk.' b'British children as young as nine are being forced into marriage by their families' b'nucking futs... Israeli settlers threaten to kill British film crew, curse Jesus  Video of an Israeli settler threatening a British film crew. ' b'Sniper shoots dead a prisoner INSIDE French jail before he could be quizzed by police over a murder' b'Al Qaeda  the Database' b'Extreme right emerges as strong force in Austria' b'The Taliban have been engaged in secret talks about ending the conflict in Afghanistan in a wideranging 'peace process' sponsored by Saudi Arabia and supported by Britain' b'Hurricane hits canada.' b'New Security Organization Will Try to Prevent Nuclear Theft' b'Olmert Israel Needs to Leave West Bank' b'Chavez says Venezuela will develop nuclear power' b'PostRamadan crowd greeted with bombs of the car, suicide variety' b'Militias Assassinate Gay Iraqi Leaders' b' Japan transport minister quits over gaffes' b'Venezuela wants to work with Russia on nuclear energy Chavez ' b'Aspiring chef dies hours after making ultrahot sauce for chillieating contest' b'American pressure on the GulfStates to save Wall Street' b'Powerful earthquake reported north of New Zealand' b'LTTE has launched a nervegas attack against SriLankan troops' b'China running out of IP addresses ' b'EU bans food imports from China' 33rd miner rescued!  Is anyone else absolutely astounded at how they've managed to pull off this entire operation? Before we can recognize Israel as a Jewish state you must present us with a map that clearly shows the bordes of the state you want us to recognize. Booyakasha! This is our cry for help  In Congo where 300 women and 4 boys were gangraped by Congolese/Rwandan Rebels Israeli columnist argues Israel's new law that requires all new citizens swear loyalty to Israel as a Jewish state is another sign that Israel is turning away from the liberal and secular values of modern Western civilization. Rape 'impossible' in marriage, says Muslim cleric in the UK That couple on trial in Australia for abortion? Found not guilty after less than an hour of jury deliberation. Rinderpest virus has been wiped out, scientists say, If confirmed, rinderpest would become only the second viral disease  after smallpox  to have been eliminated by humans. Did you turn out the lights? Fellow mine rescuers hail unsung hero who was FIRST down the shaft and the LAST man up. Ladies and gentlemen, meet mine rescue expert Manuel Gonzalez! Zhao Fei was awaiting trial in China for killing his former Norwegian girlfriend. He turned himself in and admitted to the murder. However, the same day the Nobel Peace price was awarded he was released, free of all charges. Police to tweet every incident they're involved in for a day. In Manchester. There's going to be a helluva lot of tweeting  Europe's Capital of AntiSemitism  Budapest survived fascism and communism and blossomed after the fall of the Iron Curtain. Now the Hungarian capital is experiencing a rebirth of antiSemitism. The farright Jobbik party is part of the government and Jews are being openly intimidated. When the CIA swooped in and took him, they badly damaged Italys work against terrorists. The case, in other words, looked like a good example of how the war on terror made the West less safe from terrorists World Financial System Not Sustainable No sovereign government should ever, under any circumstances, give over democratic control of its money supply to bankers. Nobel prize; Japan says release of China's Liu Xiaobo 'desirable'  On Friday, the German History Museum is opening postwar Germany's firstever comprehensive exhibition on Adolf Hitler. Curators went out of their way to avoid creating an homage  yet they are still concerned about attracting cheering neoNazis and angry protesters. Belgian Cardinal Lonard writes a book  AIDS is an immanent justice (sorry, google translated link; better translation follows in comments) Russia refuses route for NATO supplies Syria, Hezbollah and Iran An Alliance in Flux | STRATFOR CCTV captures Mafia handing out beating. Don't mess with the Camorra  Some of The Most Emotional Moments of the San Jose Miners Rescue (62 Photos) Afghans allege prison abuse 
Report claims Afghan detainees abused at secret US detention center. Greek police storm Acropolis unpaid wages and layoffs protesters Palestinian negotiator denies official request for border map of Israel German president Wulff gets worms in salad at Kremlin dinner BBC News  China's trade surplus falls to $16.9bn Canada tries to cut cost of US drug, gets sued Elon Musk Says Climate Change Refugees Will Dwarf Current Crisis. Tesla's CEO says the Volkswagen scandal is minor compared with carbon dioxide emissions. British doctors hail 'cure for blindness' with successful treatment of agerelated macular degeneration | The groundbreaking operation was carried out be surgeons at Londons Moorfields Eye Hospital An app which tracked US drone strikes through text notifications and maps has been removed from the App Store by Apple due to excessively crude or objectionable content New Zealand has revealed plans to turn an area of the South Pacific about the size of France into a marine reserve. The Kermadec Ocean Sanctuary lies 1000km north of the mainland and includes a chain of islands and underwater volcanoes. It is a vast 620,000 sq km (239,400 sq miles) area. Putin Do you realize what you have done? Putin speaks to UN about middle east situation. The death toll from a suspected air strike on a wedding party in Yemen on Monday has risen to at least 131, the United Nations and local medics say. A senior Saudi prince has launched an unprecedented call for change in the countrys leadership, as it faces its biggest challenge in years in the form of war, plummeting oil prices and criticism of its management of Mecca, scene of last weeks hajj tragedy. Edward Snowden promotes global treaty to curtail surveillance  Accord would require countries to reduce domestic snooping and provide asylum to whistleblowers Putin We can no longer tolerate the current state of affairs in the world (speech at UN on IS) China will contribute 8,000 troops for a United Nations peacekeeping force, China's President Xi Jinping told the United Nations General Assembly, a move that could make it one of the largest players in U.N. peacekeeping efforts. Hajj crush Saudi Arabia issues over 1,000 images suggesting deathtoll rise  Authorities in India and Pakistan say photographs of dead released to diplomats for identification mean hundreds more killed than originally thought U.S., Russia agree Syria must be united and secular Kerry Hitachi says it can predict crimes before they happen called Hitachi Visualization Predictive Crime Analytics, gobbles massive amounts of datafrom public transit maps, social media conversations, weather reports, and moreand uses machine learning to find patterns that humans cant pick out. U.S. gives up effort to train Syrian opposition forces A vast stretch of New Zealand's exclusive economic zone is being turned into an ocean sanctuary in a landmark deal to preserve one of the most pristine and unique environments on earth. KGB defector Russia killed the British spy found in a duffel bag The Taliban captured the northern Afghan city of Kunduz in a massive assault Monday involving hundreds of fighters, and now control a major urban area for the first time since the 2001 U.S.led invasion. China opens terrifying glassbottomed bridge in Shiniuzhai park Saudi royal calls for regime change in Riyadh, The king is not in a stable condition Obama willing to work with Iran, Russia to end Syria conflict Harper Conservatives hope to have TPP agreement this week Three dead as Peruvian farmers and police clash at $7.4bn Chinese mine | As well as the deaths 17 were injured, three critically, when officers reportedly shot at protesters after they entered the Las Bambas copper mining project The Australian share market has lost around $41 billion in morning trade, as BHP Billiton shares tumbled below $22 for the first time since the global financial crisis. Counter to Islamic law Saudi diplomat refuses to discuss gay rights at UN NASA announces discovery of flowing water in Mars Mount Everest to be declared offlimits to inexperienced climbers, says Nepal China will cancel debts to the world's least developed nations. Audi says 2.1 million cars have 'cheat' emissions software Dead woman emerges 31 years after she disappeared and 28 years after a man confessed to killing her Pirate Bay Founder Finally Free After Three Years UN says world waited too long to act on refugee crisis.Unfortunately only when the poor enter the halls of the rich, do the rich notice that the poor exist Top Australian universities call for end to every child gets a prize approach and funding of mediocre research French minister 'TTIP talks are not transparent' Iraq agrees to share intelligence on ISIS with Russia, Syria and Iran, catching Obama administration off guard India successfully launches its first space observatory Astrosat into orbit along with six other satellites (4 American, 1 Canadian, 1 Indonesian) A Mexico City judge has sentenced three men to 520 years in jail each for their roles in the kidnapping and murder of 13 young people two years ago. Canada revokes citizenship of ringleader using new antiterror law Yemen says war wipes out decades of development President Putin USLed Coalition Must Understand. Only the Syrian People Are Entitled to Decide Who Should Govern Their Country Moldovan protesters call on government to resign over the disappearance of $1.5 billion ElSisi Egypt's Nearly 40year Peace With Israel Should Include More Arab Countries Swiss competition authorities have said they've opened an investigation into whether a number of banks have been involved in the illegal fixing of precious metals prices. Paris goes carfree for a day to fight pollution Creator of VW's software cheat warned them that it was only to be used for testing and not for road vehicles On Sept. 27th, 2015, nearly 2 billion people worldwide will be treated to a skywatching event not seen seen 1982. The 'Supermoon', which appears up to 14% larger in diameter due to its proximity to Earth, will also turn a reddish hue as a result of a total lunar eclipse. Pope Workers Have 'Right' to Refuse GayMarriage Licenses Switzerland may ban Volkswagen diesel car sales. After canceling a U.S. tour, the Dalai Lama, 80, checks into the Mayo Clinic for evaluation. Iran earns more from tax than oil for first time in almost 50 years U.S. drug company sues Canada for trying to lower cost of $700Kayear drug. S. Korean court rules that any politician that receives bribe over $900 will be removed from office A 19yearold who plotted a massacre at his former college has been jailed for life with a minimum term of eight years. 40% more people are homeless than when David Cameron swept into Number 10 Boko Haram leader cant read Quran, nor perform Islamic prayers 9 megacompanies, including Walmart, Nike, and Starbucks, commit to 100% clean energy Cannabis 'forest' discovered in southwest London The stampede was caused by a Prince and 200 guards Iran has led growing criticism of Saudi Arabia after at least 717 people died and 863 were injured in a stampede near the holy city of Mecca on Thursday. Pope's climate push is 'raving nonsense' without population control, says top US scientist Swiss officials to start formal proceedings against Fifa President Sepp Blatter GCHQ surveillance has been tracking browsing history of every web user from porn visited websites to mobile locations 65% of Taiwanese feel they are an independent nation apart from China Renewable energy outstrips coal for first time in UK electricity mix. Wind, solar and bioenergy surge to supply a record 25% of the countrys electricity for a whole quarter Tax on sugary drinks favored by most New Zealanders Uber banned in belgium, gets 21 days to cease operations rules court Volkswagen rigged tests on 2.8 million cars in Germany, Berlin says Russian fighter jets enter Syria with transponders off U.N. Agencies Told to Leave East Ukraine Finland demonstrators attack refugees with stones and fireworks The third recorded global coral bleaching event may be underway. It's like watching a slowmotion train wreck, and were waiting for the cars to pile up on this side of the track, says Mark Eakin, the coordinator of NOAA's Coral Reef Watch Saudis Blame African Pilgrims For Deadly Stampede Near Mecca 15 tons of sulfuric acid intercepted en route to Gaza UK Chancellor George Osborne praised for 'not stressing human rights' by Chinese state media during visit China, Worlds Largest Polluter, to Announce Program to Limit Emissions Canadian mining company Barrick Gold leaks a million liters of cyanide into river in Argentina Nigerian troops free 241 women, children in Boko Haram camps, arrest kingpin. Hajj 100 dead and 390 injured in Mina stampede The Associate Press will no longer use the term skeptic for those who deny climate change. German commander in charge of antiISIS coalition in Iraq has been found dead in his hotel room in Irbil. This incident is under investigation and further information will be released as appropriate, UK, France and Germany lobbied for flawed car emissions tests, documents reveal. Countries publicly calling for investigations into VW emissions rigging scandal have privately fought to keep loopholes in car tests for carbon emissions Car industry 'buried report revealing US car safety flaws over fears for TTIP deal' India to supply generic cancer drug to US Volkswagen CEO Likely to Get $32 Million Pension After Leaving Radicalisation Awareness Kit The Australian Government's new booklet for schools links green activism, 'alternative music' to terrorism Vladimir Putin plans air strikes in Syria if no US deal reached Report British National Health Service uncovers 1,000 female genital mutilation cases in England Ali Mohammed alNimr crucifixion UN issues urgent call for Saudi Arabia to stay execution of juvenile offender ISIS Defectors claim ISIS teaches The Principles of the Islamic State, not the principles of Islam. Student 'accused of being a terrorist' for reading book on terrorism After Volkswagen Revelation, Auto Emissions Tests Come Under Global Scrutiny  In the United States, automakers conduct their own emissions tests and submit the results to the government. In Europe, automakers pick who conducts the tests and where they are done. BMW Drops on Report That X3 Diesel's Emission Exceeded EU Limit Pope Warns Of 'Critical Moment' On Climate Syrian forces pound ISIS with new Russian aircraftAt least 38 Islamic State fighters were killed over the last 24 hours as Syrian jets continued to pound the extremist group's strongholds in the ancient city of Palmyra China to prosecute three over butchered panda Turnbull government considers blocking singer Chris Brown from entering Australia because of his domestic violence record Europe has the worlds highest rates of drinking and smoking, and more than half its people are too fat, putting them at high risk of heart disease, cancer and other deadly illnesses Explosion hits mosque in Yemen capital The Syrian war has caused the firstever withdrawal from the 'doomsday vault'  Svalbard Global Seed Vault Dalai Lama says female successor must be attractive 'otherwise not much use' Russian President Vladimir Putin branded U.S. support for rebel forces in Syria as illegal and ineffective, saying U.S.trained rebels were leaving to join ISIS with weapons supplied by Washington No mercy Video of weeping homeless man losing dog to activists sparks online outrage 30% migrants are fake Syrians, says Germany Anonymous targets Saudi websites as teen awaits crucifixion for antigovt activities Poll confirms Australians don't agree with the Government's proposal to strip Environmental groups of charity status. Saudiled coalition helicopter attack kills another 25 civilians in Yemen Thousands turn out for antiimmigration protests in Poland Despite western efforts, ISIS/ISIL has gained 30,000 recruits in the last 12 months Italy's Berlusconi says that Crimea split from Ukraine was democratic, hails Putin as world's greatest political leader Volkswagen warned about illegal emissions tricks years ago Report Japanese universities are cutting humanities and social sciences in favour of practical subjects, sparking global concern Israel to penalize IDF soldiers for assaulting journalists in West Bank Catalan Vote Seen as Referendum on Secession From Spain Iran to buy $21 billion in Russian space equipment and aircraft The wellknown preferential treatment Syrians receive within the German and Swedish asylum system has turned their passports into desired accessories for other immigrants who otherwise would not be likely qualify as refugees. Suspects forced to stand on anthills, made to eat raw chili peppers and stripped naked and whipped in public  Mass Facebook vigilante movements are going viral in Peru, prompting civilians to punish alleged criminals for petty crimes. The leader of the British Labour Party has reiterated his support for a united Ireland at the start of his party's annual conference in Brighton.There is that kind of sense that there is one island of Ireland. Russia, Iran, Iraq & Syria setting up joint information center to coordinate antiISIS operations Haj death toll rises to 769; Iran denounces crime Saudi Arabia and alQaeda Unite in Yemen Vladimir Putin bids for major world role as his forces move into Syria 2000 civilians dead in Yemen. Saudi Arabia has refused Iran's request for a diplomatic meetng Bangkok Erawan Shrine bomb Main suspect is in custody, police say Pope Francis met with sex abuse victims, will celebrate outdoor Mass on his last day in U.S. NASA Will Announce A Major Mars Discovery On Monday Poles furious after Russia blames them for starting WWII (from @AP) German nurse shocked after being forced out of flat to make way for refugees US and China ban ivory trade One of Europe's largest mosques on fire, 70 firefighters battling blaze. Fukushima, Up to 100% of No. 2 reactor fuel may have melted German Chancellor Angela Merkel called on world leaders to tackle the root causes of a global surge in refugees by pushing back on war and terror.We have to work against the source that causes people to flee or be driven out. TPP talks to resume in Atlanta this weekend U.S.trained Rebel Surrenders Ammunition to Al Qaeda Affiliate in Syria Fearing loss of TTIP deal, car industry buried U.S. safety report Catalonia goes to the polls in an 'incredible moment for democracy'  A regional election  billed as a referendum on Catalan independence  could throw Spain and the EU into uncharted waters The Thai captain of a seized cargo ship carrying an estimated $2 million worth of seafood has been arrested in Indonesia on suspicion of illegal fishing, in the latest development linked to an Associated Press investigation that uncovered a slave island earlier this year. Switzerland bans sale of Volkswagen models Anonymous leaks another highlevel federal document as part of vendetta against government Germany's Giessen asylum centre rife in rape and child abuse as refugee crisis grows CENTCOM Admits USTrained Syrian Rebels Gave Their Supplies, Ammunition and Trucks to Al Qaeda Affiliate Islamic State gaining ground in Afghanistan UN Saudi Mufti Hajj stampede beyond human control. Says authorities not responsible for deadly crush, adding that fate and destiny are inevitable. People smuggler who 'transferred thousands to Europe' killed in shootout in Libya Support for Merkel falls over handling of refugee crisis Hajj stampede Saudi mufti says deaths 'beyond human control' 'New activity' detected at N. Korean nuclear test site Amid concerns that Pyongyang may conduct a nuclear test to mark the 70th anniversary of the ruling party, US analysts say they have spotted a greater number of trucks and excavation activity at the Punggyeri test site Australia set to abandon opposition to Assad as part of Syria settlement Student union blocks speech by 'inflammatory' antisharia activist Canadian mining company who spilled 1mn litres of cyanide resumes operations after 2 days. Volkswagen has admitted to using software on VW and Audi branded cars to cheat U.S. diesel emissions tests, shares plunge more than 20 percent. Saudi Teenager Ali Mohammed alNimr Has Been Sentenced to Death by Crucifixion German woman, 91, is charged with 260,000 counts of accessory to murder as prosecutors accuse her of being a Nazi SS radio operator who served in Auschwitz New Zealand Zoo Won't Euthanize Tiger That Killed Zookeeper Hungary passes law allowing govt to use army in asylum seeker crisis. According to the law, the army would be allowed to use rubber bullets, pyrotechnical devices, tear gas grenades or net guns Hungary places ads in Lebanese press warning off migrants...Do not listen to the people smugglers. Hungary will not allow illegal immigrants to cross its territory. Ruble fall causes wage parity between Russia and China The devaluation of the ruble has put average salaries in Russia on par with those in China The Obama administration will increase the number of refugees the United States is willing to accept to 100,000 annually in 2017, a significant increase over the current worldwide cap of 70,000, Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday. PYD Syrian refugee tripped by Hungarian journalist was member of radical alNusra Front SodaStream offers 1,000 jobs to Syrian refugees in Israel. Company, which was targeted by BDS over its West Bank plant, says it could employ refugees in southern Israel Saudi official We wont cooperate with Israel as long as Palestine is occupied Russian embassy in Damascus comes under mortar fire  foreign ministry No European country `can be exempt` from taking in refugees Hollande Attempts to protect Australias Great Barrier Reef are failing report | Australia's Great Barrier Reef is still being damaged by the effects of climate change and farming, a report says. It says efforts to improve water quality are falling far short of the targets that have been set Pirate Bay What Raid? Police Never Got Our Servers Pacific Islanders Plead for Urgent Climate Action as Seas Rise  The village where Anote Tong attended school some 40 years ago is no longer there. As the Pacific Ocean encroached on the settlement, the villagers left for higher ground. ISIS Defectors Reveal Growing Disillusionment Ministry of Defence condemns serving army general behind Jeremy Corbyn 'mutiny' threat  Some Conservatives also expressed disquiet with rightwing MEP Daniel Hannan describing the general as an 'idiot Apple's App Store infected with malware in China Islamic rebels free 2 American hostages held in Yemen Israel to bring in 20,000 Chinese construction workers Reports Russian troops refusing deployment to Syria At least 55 people killed by three bomb blasts in Nigeria Climate Change Will Boost Arctic Mosquito Population Greece opposition concedes defeat, Syriza poised to retain power Anger after Saudi Arabia 'chosen to head key UN human rights panel' Taxi drivers snarl up Brussels in antiUber protest. Belgian deputy PM says Improve customer experience. Invest in technology. Innovate the business. All things the taxi sector could do instead of strike South Korea, host of the 2018 Winter Games, has been accused of bulldozing a 500yearold virgin forest to make room for an Olympic ski slope. Egyptian billionaire I found the island I want to buy for refugees British Army 'could stage mutiny under Corbyn', says senior serving general Parents protest forced circumcision of children At least 25 children at Uganda school subjected to forced genital mutilation without parent's consent Rouhani Iranian 'Death to America' chants aimed at US policies, not American people. Rouhani listed the US backing of Iraq during the IranIraq War as one of the historical instances that Tehran holds against Washington. Antimigrant demo in Finnish border town over refugee influx Man killed 6 people in Japan found out to be Brother of Prisoner for Killing 25 citizens in Peru Volkswagen could face $18 billion penalties from EPA MI5 pays UK Muslims to spy on terror suspects. UK intelligence agency has paid up to 2,000 for reports on alleged radical activity Nepal passes secular constitution amid protests Glyphosate harms bees' spatial learning  study shows not just neonicotinoids impair bees' ability to navigate, glyphosate has been found to have the same impact even at very low levels Canada to accept 10,000 Syrians within one year Reykjavk to Cancel Boycott of All Israeli Products One Of Princess Diana's Charity Missions Completed 18 Years After Her Death German interior minister calls for limits on migrants to EU. The US and China are secretly negotiating what could become the first arms control accord for cyberspace Indonesia arrests seven company executives for illegal forest fires  A senior executive of plantation company Bumi Mekar Hijau is one of those held for suspected environmental crimes, as part of a wider drive to combat the pollution haze crisis Taliban gunmen attack Pakistan air force base, 42 killed Egyptian military floods vital Gaza supply tunnels on Palestinian border Finland Imposes Migration Controls at Swedish Border Syrian Refugee Crisis Albania Says It Will Take 75,000 Seeking Asylum Pakistan bombs Taliban hideouts after deadly raid on military base Germany redirects flow of migrants to avoid Oktoberfest Festival Pharmaceuticals CEO who raised HIV drug price by 5,000% 'also hiked cost of pill taken by children with incurable kidney disease' Norway rewards Brazil with $1 billion for keeping the Amazon full of trees Volkswagen hires BP oil spill lawyers to defend emissions cases Turing to roll back pricing for Daraprim amid controversy Ginger extremist convicted in royal death plot so Prince Harry can be king Martin Winterkorn resigns as Volkswagen CEO Pope Francis to Dine With Homeless Rather Than Lawmakers Thursday This 16yearold won the Google Science Fair with a cheap and easy way to detect Ebola. The commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan said Tuesday he expects U.S. personnel to report to military superiors any allegations of sexual abuse of boys by Afghan forces. He added that Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has assured him the government will not tolerate abuse of its children The professional hunter, who helped American dentist kill Zimbabwes popular lion Cecil, rearrested Monday on new charges of planning to smuggle 29 rare sable antelope out of the country Indigenous site 'older than pyramids' in Perth freeway's path taken off heritage register Indigenous activist who helped close polluting Guatemala palm oil factory shot dead PissedOff UN Interns Protest Unpaid Internships Outside UN Headquarters After 60 million years of extreme living, seabirds are crashing  A new study finds that the worlds seabird populations have plummeted by almost 70% in just 60 yrs. Iran has given permission for five Americans to study in a Tehran University masters program  a 'breakthrough,' the department head says. Others are enrolling in Persian language classes. 91 Year Old Woman To Be Charged With 260,000 Counts Of Accessory To Murder At Auschwitz Nazi Death Camp Putin opens the biggest mosque in Russia , praises Russian Muslims for rejecting extremists . World's largest 3D mud printer makes dirt cheap homes at public debut in Italy Hillary Clinton comes out against Keystone XL pipeline project  Breaks months of silence & says it's not in the best interests of what we need to do to combat climate change. Pipeline would move crude from Alberta tar sands to Texas Gulf Coast. The Israeli secret service is suspected of being behind a series of mysterious yet highly sophisticated cyberspying attacks on decisive negotiations over Irans nuclear programme held at luxury hotels across Europe earlier this year, Swiss media has reported. Canadians eating less meat, taking a bite out of food industrys margins David Cameron says Europe must get better at sending migrants home Eight Million Tons of Plastic Dumped in Ocean Every Year A civil lawsuit against Volkswagen was filed Tuesday in Sao Paulo accusing the company of allowing the torture and detention of employees opposed to Brazil's former military dictatorship Diesel worse than the black plague and responsible for 50,000 premature deaths a year in the UK alone  Skoda and Seat models in the UK were also fitted with the EA189 engine VW used to cheat US emissions tests Another drug Cycloserine sees a 2000% price jump overnight as patent sold to pharmaceutical company. The ensuing backlash caused the companies to reverse their deal. Expert says If it weren't for all of the negative publicity the original 2,000 per cent price hike would still stand. Hedge fund trader Martin Shkreli who raised the price HIV drug by 5,000% asked how he sleeps at night. His reply You know, Ambien American soldiers told to ignore sexual abuse of boys by Afghan allies An engineer who once worked for Russia's military intelligence has been sentenced to 14 years in prison for seeking a job at a Swedish company VW emissions scandal hits 11m vehicles world wide Israeli Police Can Now Use Snipers Against Teenagers Throwing Stones Fewer than one in 20 lobbyists are covered by the governments new lobbying register, according to a report warning that the public are being left in the dark about those trying to influence UK policy. Seeds removed from doomsday seed vault as a result of Syrian civil war Archaeologists have discovered a PreRoman era tomb in perfect condition at Pompeii IS executes 10 people accused of being gay in Syria monitor UStrained Division 30 rebels 'betrayed US and hand weapons over to alQaeda's affiliate in Syria' Disputed EU migrant plan voted in  EU ministers approve plans to relocate 120,000 migrants, with Hungary and Czech Republic among four voting against Scientists release 'complete' tree of life which shows how 2.3 million species are related Report Israel tells Jordan that it's breaching Temple Mount status quo  Channel Two reports that Israel has sent messages to Jordan that armed rioters were being allowed to sleep in alAksa Russia launches drones in Syria China's cyberespionage putting enormous strain on relations, U.S. says Facebook accused of spying on Belgian citizens like the NSA German Stocks Fall More Than 3%, Pulled Down by Volkswagen Midwife in the Indian state of Assam registered herself as pregnant 85 times in 6 months to get monetary benefit from a statesponsored scheme. Exxon Confirmed Global Warming Consensus in 1982 with InHouse Climate Models. The company chairman would later mock climate models as unreliable while he campaigned to stop global action to reduce fossil fuel emissions. Syrian asylumseeker in Germany filmed boasting of having killed for ISIS Syrian refugee tripped over by Hungarian journalist was part of Al Qaeda's Nusra front according to PYD Land Degradation, Desertification Might Create 50 Million Climate Refugees Within A Decade.Desertification also threatens water availability and quality that is believed to have played a key role in pushing Syria toward a brutal, protracted civil war that has cost nearly 300,000 lives. European Union officials will forge ahead with a controversial plan to begin labeling products produced in Israeli settlements in the Occupied West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights German police conduct raids in Berlin's Islamist scene German police say they have carried out several raids in Berlin targeting people suspected of recruiting for Islamic State in Syria. Hundreds of officers were involved in the operation.