 b'Kenyan Judges rule that Islamic Courts in Kenya  are discriminatory, unconstitutional, and illegal.' Journalism and 'the words of power'... how we are spoon fed thoughts and opinions without realising it b'Australia expels an Israeli diplomat after a probe  reveals Israel was behind the forging of four  Australian passports linked to the murder of a  Hamas operative in Dubai. What?!' b'Two gay rights activists arrested in Zimbabwe for hanging a letter from San Francisco mayor Willie Lewis Brown on their own office wall. The letter praised their organisation and criticised Mugabe's stance on gay rights. The charge is undermining the authority of the president.' b'Could this be what WikiLeaks was hinting at when they said the next few weeks would bring their greatest challenge? If WikiLeaks got ahold of the same secret Petraeus order that the NYT got, it could be HUGE.' b'South Korea to retaliate against North by blaring propaganda across the border' b'Swedish Opposition Party Wants All U.S. Bases Removed From Foreign Countries  A RedGreen government will demand that the U.S. dismantle its nuclear weapons and military bases outside its borders.' b'UK ID card scheme will be scrapped with no refund to holders' b'N. Korea leader to Army Prepare for war' b'N. Korea . . . the gig is up! ' b'Guinness could really be good for you  A pint of the black stuff a day may work as well as a low dose aspirin to prevent heart clots that raise the risk of heart attacks. ' b'Dozens killed in Jamaican violence on drug kingpins compound' b'Stalin blocked attempts to kill Hitler  Soviet dictator Josef Stalin blocked two attempts to kill Adolf Hiter during World War Two, fearing that his replacement as Nazi leader would make peace with the Western Allies, a top Russian general said on Tuesday.' b'Al Jazeera English talks about how N Korea has maintained war footing since 1953.' b'UK Labour Leader 'Iraq War Was Wrong'  It was an error for which we as a country paid a heavy price, and for which many people paid with their lives. Saddam Hussein was a horrible man, and I am pleased he is no longer running Iraq. But the war was wrong.' Chinese engineers propose world's biggest hydroelectric project in Tibet b'Fears grow that banks could send euro crisis global' b'Israeli President Shimon Peres on Monday categorically denied a report that he offered nuclear warheads to South Africa in 1975, when he was defense minister.' b'Seems Deepwater had an explosion just weeks before it was destroyed...' b'Kim Jong Il Orders Military to Prepare for Combat' b'In response to the ridiculous antiUK replies in the case of the rape of a 8 year old girl, heres a follow up article with some more information.' Burka ban rejected by Australian lawmakers. Some saying such a law infringes on women's rights b'Man charged with knowingly spreading HIV' b'Irish Justice Minister warns about slandering online' Japan will slaughter dozens of its top Wagyu stud bulls as a footandmouth outbreak continues its rapid spread through the country's south. b'North Korea Severs All Ties with South Korea' b'Charges dropped against former Attorney General who struck and dragged a cyclist, killing him.' b'Catholic Church admits to 100 cases of sex abuse by priests in 10 yrs for Italy' b'I was just watching the live feed from the spill site and it looked like something collapsed.' b'The Rothschild banking family is pushing for the privatization of the UKs motorway network that would force Brits, who already pay road tax, to enrich the coffers of private corporations intimately tied in with the Rothschilds by means of road tolls and paybymile schemes.' b'Voting in the Russian Parliament. A physically fit MP is able to cast 9 votes during each round. ' b'Russian BitTorrent site admin kidnapped and beaten at gunpoint' b'Turkish Govenment calls on the Israelis to lift their siege of Gazan civilians and warns them not to block the aid flotilla' b'The Corporate Stranglehold How BP Will Make out Like Bandits from Its Massive, Still Gushing Oil DisasterThe existing $75 million cap on damages for offshore drilling companies is a bailout every bit as disgusting as those recently bestowed upon Wall Street' b'Canadian Government Introduces Patriot Actstyle Privacy Law Reforms' b'Women lacked the authority to stand for a local election community post of local secretary, and they must only be heard through their husbands ... says the chief Rabbi of a West Bank settlement' b'Shouldnt the world welcome the actions of two significant, responsible and democratic states to intervene and help check the foolishnesses of decades of US policy on Iran?' b'Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas came out against Iran on Wednesday, calling his people hijacked, at the hands of the Iranians. ' Palestinians complain of 'tree massacre'  Residents of Nahlin told Ynet that dozens of soldiers in jeeps and bulldozers raided the village. In total, 500 plants, including olive trees, fig trees, prickly pear cactus plants, almond trees and grape vines, some hundreds of years old, were uprooted. b'Ask a Korean What you need to know about and what to think about on the Korean tensions' German bank 'blown up by robbers in botched raid' b'Laura Ling reveals details about the human trafficking story she and producer Euna Lee were investigating before being apprehended and then held in North Korea' b'Culture Minister wants creationist views on the origin of the universe to be represented in national museum.' b'Flood Of Frogs Shuts Down Major Greek Highway' b'Monsanto The Corporation Poisoning Our Environment.' b'A schoolboy threw a plastic bottle at President Nicolas Sarkozy during a visit to discuss violence in French schools' b'A Yemeni airstrike targeting al Qaeda missed its mark today and killed a mediator by mistake, prompting members of his tribe to blow up a crude oil pipeline in clashes that followed' France's Phony Secularism Secularists should leave Muslim women and their clothes alone b'If there is no reduced deforestation, we will not pay. If there is reduced deforestation, we will pay, Mr Stoltenberg told the press conference.' B'nai Brith leader pleads guilty to child porn charges. b'Deal signed today Norway has announced $1bn in aid to protect forests in Indonesia.' b'Israel committed war crimes in Gaza says a 430page Amnesty annual report, that also accuses Hamas' b'UK to abolish national identity cards' Colombia set to elect the world's first Green head of state Pope admits church's guilt in abuse scandal b'Israel vs. Boats nIsraeli government vows to prevent flotilla carrying civilians supplies,nelderly Holocaust survivor, Nobel Peace Prize laureate andnretired U.S. army colonel from reaching Gaza' b'Israel to stop Gaza aid ships' North Korea warns it will meet war with 'allout war' b'North Korea scraps South Korea military safeguard pact' b'Nets slung around Apple factories to deter suicidal employees' b'Libya opens doors to US tourists  Effective immediately, visas are being approved for US citizens for travel to Libya. We are pleased with the new developments and giving the opportunity to US citizens to return to Libya and explore this magical and scenic land.' Mexican mayor held on drug charges in 'unprecedented' case b'Death toll rises to 60 in Jamaica as drugrelated violence continues; PM vows to restore order' b'Israel Gaza aid convoy can unload cargo in Ashdod for inspection' b'Torture inquiry should leave no stone unturned, says Amnesty  Investigation into human rights abuses promised by William Hague needs to be independent and must look at criminal responsibility, says organisation.' Germany is already facing a demographic nightmare as birth rates fall despite a slew of familyfriendly policies. Now, new statistics show that more people are leaving the country than immigrating  adding to concerns about the country's shrinking population. b'The Sudanese government says it will no longer  engage in peace talks with the Justice and Equality  Movement, promising to prosecute its leaders  instead.' b'BP oil well top kill bid continues, no update yet. IN RESPONSE of Los Angeles Times report that had quoted a Coast Guard admiral saying the oil spill  top kill procedure had succeeded in blocking the leak' b'Israel sets up tents for Gazabound activists' b'Lehman Brothers suing J.P. Morgan Chase & Co' Thailand a`fullblown military dictatorship' + interview Protest planned at Western Wall against Rahm Emanuel son's bar mitzva b'Second Iceland volcano 'could erupt' in near future. An eruption in the short term is a strong possibility, experts said, referring to Katla, which is larger and fiercer than Eyjafjoell, in a report from the University College London (UCL) institute for risk and disaster reduction.' b'7.2 quake hits South Pacific nation of Vanuatu' b'Dogs and cat living together  hell frozen over  Japan takes action against online kiddie porn' b'China will not protect whoever sank a South Korean warship' If, as the Japanese claim, they are hunting whales for scientific purposes why is Peter Bethune being charged for 'obstructing business'? b'Dont you just wish you lived in Gaza? Dont you just envy those people who get to raise their kids amid such abundance? Look at all the stuff theyve got  SO WHO are these goddamn Jewhaters and their boats' b'The Israeli Navy also sets off to confront the  international flotilla carrying 10,000 tons of  humanitarian aid as hundreds of people on board  attempt to break the Israeli blockade of the Gaza  Strip.' b'UK Children as young as four to be fingerprinted to borrow school books from library with a system developed by Microsoft' Oil leak shown on Spillcam is not the only leak.  Some now allege that there is a much larger leak BP isn't showing us. [vid] b'Berlin court rules Muslim student may not pray at school.  Overturned earlier ruling requiring school to provide him a private prayer room.' Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland,  France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the  Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and  Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36  million in Haiti's remaining debt following January  2010 devastating earthquake. b'UK PhD student specializing in 19th century homicides accused of murdering three prostitutes.  With a crossbow. And dismembering them. ' b'Once Upon a Time in Afghanistan... | Photoessay on Afghan life in 1960s, with illustrations from contemporary guide book. Amazing, chastening, to see Westernised country with wellfunctioning factories, unveiled women, hospitals, buses, telecommunications' b'TEDTalks Inside a school for suicide bombers' b'Israel's Gaza blockade baffles residents Frozen salmon  we never had it before the blockade, said perplexed salesman Abed Nasser, examining a frozen chunk of fish' b'Israel allows Palestinians on highway 443 to Ramallah  but blocks the exit' b'Israeli FM Lieberman Gaza aid convoy is violent propaganda against Israel. There is no humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip. We respond in the most humane way possible' Toronto police get 'sound cannons' for G20 Longrange acoustic devices can be used for crowd control Israel's new 'best friend'? b'A complete ban on digitally distributed pornography is being considered by the South African government.' b'Britain communications regulator, Ofcom, publishes their plan to curb piracy. ' b'Toll from Jamaica violence climbs to 73 ' b'Bad cop, no Donut Their bulletproof vests squeeze like corsets, their gun belts lie hidden under rolls of fat. Mexicos police officers may not catch as many criminals as they should, but they have the reputation of rarely missing a taco stand.' Piracy is still piracy, even if it's carried out by a state called Israel b'China joins talks on Korea crisis' b'David and Goliath style plan to break the Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip Israel Defence Force to stop the entrance of the aid flotilla into Gaza' b'Australia to bring case to International Court of Justice against Japan over scientific whaling' b'Suspected sabotage derails train in India; 71 dead' b'The war is over!nn' b'Who else is scared that in the coming days they will open reddit and on the front page it's going to say North and South Korea are at full scale war, Missiles have been launched! ' b'Brazilian Police Chief Shot Dead Live On The Air During Radio Interview' b'Malawi gay couple recently sentenced to 14 years in prison given Presidential pardon' Russia wants '100% proof' N.Korea sunk ship b'Chinese environmental whistleblower imprisoned, tortured' b'Attacks on two mosques packed with worshippers from a minority sect in Pakistan. At least 80 people were killed and dozens wounded.' b'Police Use Ice Cream Music to Breakup Teen Rioters' b'Big volcanic eruptions in Guatemala & Ecuador' Can Erdogan slay Turkey's zombies?  Three letters W,Q and X absent from the Turkish alphabet but part of the minority Kurdish language, are still officially illegal to utter or print in Turkey, despite the fact a sixth of the population, or 12 million people, are Kurds.   European Muslims' Jewish Friend, Job Cohen, leader of the Dutch Labor Party. b'Israel rejects Middle East nuclear talks' b'EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton on Friday called for an immediate end to Israels Gaza blockade, as an aid flotilla prepared to set sail for the enclave despite the embargo.' b'Israeli official describes agreement calling for a MidEast nuclearfree zone as 'hypocrisy' ... US President Barack Obama backed the deal but said he was strongly opposed to Israel being singled out ... Hint to Obama Israel is the only ME country that didn't sign the NPT.' b'Chinese workers go on strike!  Honda workers shut down production' b'Water begins flowing from Pakistani lake ' b'Russian Parliament Voting Scandal (Video)' Botticelli's Venus and Mars 'high on drugs'  b'Israel's navy to enforce bizarre list of 100s of approved and disapproved items as international aid flotilla attempts Gaza landing.  A long list of items are banned just because including concrete, cilantro, margarine, jam, and fresh meat.' b'Taliban capture Afghan district on Pakistan border' The Freedom Flotilla sailing to the Gaza Strip is exposing the partisan nature of the response of the United Nations and the international community to Israel's threeyear siege on Gaza. The siege  enforced by land, air and sea b'Drawn from the shadows An interview with Banksy.' b'BBC News  Rwanda arrests US lawyer Erlinder for genocide denial' b'Pakistan, Iran sign major gas pipeline pact' b'Israels response  = When hell freezes over... ' The 33 trapped Chilean miners have moved to stop any individual from profiting at the expense of the group, drawing up a legal contract to share the proceeds from the story of their ordeal. Pentecostal churches in Uganda pressuring HIVpositive youths to stop taking their ARVs Mr Liu's wife has apparently been placed under house arrest after he dedicated the award to the martyrs of Tiananmen Square in 1989. French Constitutional Court Decision Upholds Ban on Wearing Veils in Public Places because it puts women in a condition of exclusion and inferiority manifestly incompatible with the constitutional principles of liberty and equality.  Norway says China has canceled a ministerial meeting apparently in response to the award of the Nobel peace prize to Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo Far right rioters attack Serbian gay pride march Afghan tribal leaders tried to negotiate for the British aid worker's release.  Coalition bombings turned away their mission.  They implored that only negotiation would secure her freedom.  They were ignored.  A military rescue operation was chosen instead.  The hostage is now dead. PA adopts textbook, banned in Israel, offering both sides' narratives  Palestinian Education Ministry's adoption of book marks first time Israeli position is presented to West Bank schoolchildren  still banned from use by the Israeli Education Ministry German minister warns of reverse discrimination  In the country's ongoing integration debate, Germany's federal Minister for Family Affairs, Kristina Schroeder, has now warned that many Germans have been subjected to growing reverse discrimination by immigrants. Iranian separatist group claims kidnapping of nuclear scientist, threatens release of state secrets Outrage over Swedish arms sales to Saudis  Were talking about one of the worlds worst dictatorships. We cant send weapons to dictatorships that should be buying food instead, Green Party defence policy spokesperson Peter Rdberg said. Americans Peter Diamond and Dale Mortensen and Christopher Pissarides, a British and Cypriot citizen, won the 2010 Nobel economics prize Monday for developing theories that help explain how economic policies can affect unemployment. Israel Declares for Ethnic Nationalism Oath Persons applying for Israeli citizenship to affirm the Jewish and democratic character of Israel Greek policeman gets life in prison for murder that sparked riots  African leaders in human albino trade  A lobby group says politicians are involved in the trade of human albino body parts in Africa and use them as charms to bring them good fortune.
 Young woman British aid worker who was alleged to have been killed by her Taliban captors may have accidentally died in a grenade attack by U.S. forces during a botched rescue operation A kidnapped British aid worker may have been killed by her American rescuers, rather than her Taliban captors, officials said Monday. Hungarian police arrested the managing director of the company at the center of a toxic sludge disaster, as the body of the last missing person was recovered, bringing the death toll to eight Death by stoning case Iran arrests son, lawyer, and journalists  India to get UN Security Council seat as a non permanent member The Miners are finally going to get out tomorrow night. Israel's economy is widely seen as a hightech success story. Yet to many Israelis the real players in their economy are not programmers or venture capitalists. Rather, they are the 20 or so Israeli families who control banks, supermarkets, telecoms, real estate, gas stations, and utilities . . . European populism focuses on Islam and immigration, but it may be mobilising a wider rage against elites expressed by people who feel unrepresented, or fear being left behind economically. They share a feeling of losing their sense of national, social, or religious belonging.  Fearing civil war, Lebanese citizens arm themselves Officer guilty of boy's murder that sparked Greek riots b'Outofoffice reply ends up on bilingual road sign in Wales' b' CIA officers could face trial in Britain over torture allegations ' b'teens attack 75 year old blind flamingo  what is wrong with our world?' b'Exxon Posts Largest Ever Profit of $14.83 Billion in a Quarter!' I Know We've Got This Election in US To Worry, But I Wanted To Help Shine More Light On Our Afgani Friends Ongoing 'Us Killing Them' Problem. Let's Keep That In The Spotlight Too! Priests to face 'sex drive tests'; Pope looks like Sith Lord in photos. b'Is the Taliban Stockpiling Opium? And If So, Why? ' Berlusconi Guts Italys School System, It's Going From one of Europe's Best to one of Its Worst.  b'The truth about South Ossetia' Johann Hari How we fuel Africa's bloodiest war Worst Terrorist Attack in India's Northeast  12 separate blasts, with police saying nearly 70 people have died b'Australia denies residency to doctor because his son has down syndrome' b'France Imam arrested for illegal marriages' b'Japan general fired over WWII essay critical of US' b'Suspected US missile strike kills 20 in Pakistan' b'Police halt wedding of boy, seven, to girl aged five' b'Syria cut off contacts with Iraq and reduce its forces on the border' b'Japanese air force chief of staff says the idea that Japan was an aggressor in WWII mind control.  In his view, it was the US that forced Japan into war.' b'Pakistani police break up the marriage of a 7 and 4 year old, reportedly arranged to end a longstanding family feud.' b'UK drug abuse worst in Europe' b'Libya has paid $1.5bn into a compensation fund for relatives of US victims of terror attacks blamed on Tripoli.' b'Pirates are back  Seize Boat Crew Off Cameroon ' b'3000 Year Old Spider God Temple Found in Peru' b'Brit becomes Mayor of Spanish town, because every other ruling councillor is arrested for corruption' b'UK Centre for Social Cohesion press release  The UK government to work with extremist Muslim students' b'British police ask for camera license!' b'Beheaded after trying for asylum in Australia' b'March of the dustbin Stasi Half of councils use UK antiterror laws to watch people putting rubbish out on the wrong day' b'Amnesty Somali rape victim, 13, stoned to death, AF ' b'Japanese Air chief sacked over WWII denial' Australian ISPs speak out against government's Great Firewall mandatory content filter SAS chief quits over 'gross negligence' that killed his troops b'Syrians protest against US attack ' b'1 million people flee fighting in Congo, U.N. says' b'US airstrikes kill (another) 20 in Pakistani villages' b'Syria has denounced a US strike on its territory but sources say Damascus secretly backed the raid' b'Rescued Royal Bank of  Scotland to pay millions in bonuses' b'GAMBIA Sex tourists exploiting children' b'Prostitution which Approach works  Legalization, or Criminalization?' b'Banks seek help to forgive some credit card debt' b'Tories pledge to stop UK surveillance powers abuse' Roberte Mugabe supporters grab one of Zimbabwe's last whiterun farms b'Telling the Truth About Rape in Congo' b'New rightwing Swiss party to enter political arena' b'Christmas Slowly Losing Popularity' b'Mercy Politics Refugees The Dire Consequence of Wars and Conflicts.' b'Huge Piece Space station trash plunging to Earth' b'Marriage dowry is major cause of poverty' b'Saddam Hussein the martyr  inside tyrants tomb' b'Somalia Rape victim, 13, stoned to death' Hard up farmer digs up Roman helmet on his land and hopes to sell it for about 32,000 dollars. Instead it earns him about 3.67 million Clown elected to Brazilian congress, It couldn't get 
any worse. Vote for me CNN streaming live from North Korean party parade  
amazing imagery Farright British political parties linked with Tea Party activists Details emerge of contacts between English Defence League and extremist US groups in a 'war on Islamification Protesters attack police at Belgrade Gay Pride parade Former editorinchief of Playboy Indonesia began a twoyear prison sentence for publishing pictures of scantily clothed women, riling free speech activists in the world's most populous Muslim nation Iran Confirms Espionage at its Nuclear Facilities Intellectuals held in mainland China crackdown after Liu Xiaobo gets Nobel peace prize Hungary workers race to build dam as reservoir crack widens and threaten to unleash second torrent of toxic sludge on village of Kolontar The English Defence League, a farright grouping aimed at combating the Islamification of British cities, has developed strong links with the American Tea Party movement China detains Nobel Peace Prize winner's wife U.S. rights group After more than two months trapped deep in a Chilean mine, 33 miners were so giddy with confidence, they were arguing over who would be the last to take a twisting 20minute ride to daylight and the embrace of those they love.

 The New Great Game   a bitter struggle over natural resources and strategic bases between the British and Russian colonial powers, are seeing history repeat itself. Serbia riots leave scores injured Rupert Murdoch Invades Iran North Korea Opens Up Internet for National Anniversary Police clash with antigay protesters in Belgrade, Serbia.. Royal Marines have spoken for the first time of an horrific Black Hawk Down battle to save a helicopter crew trapped in enemy territory Wife of Chinese Nobel winner under house arrest Violence flares at EDL protest A huge police operation of 2,000 officers kept rival factions apart as the English Defence League (EDL) and Unite Against Fascism (UAF) held demonstrations in Leicester OECD protest over Israeli minister's Jerusalem remarksThe Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development has said it could cancel a conference in Jerusalem over remarks by an Israeli minister A man accused of the slaughter of 15 young people at a Ciudad Juarez birthday party, the killing of a U.S. Air Force sergeant and the assassination of a Mexican reporter targeted for his organized crime coverage, says his confessions were false and extracted through torture. All hail the boy emperor  the first sighting by foreign journalists of Kim Jong Un, who is the third son of Kim Jong Il and still in his late 20s Chinese researchers to relaunch 'Bigfoot' search Chancellor Angela Merkel met Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Berlin, with a range of agendas. Among them was the issue of integration in Germanys Muslim minority, a muchdebated topic in recent weeks. b'The Pirate Party becomes the third biggest party in Sweden by membership count' b'New male contraceptive injection 99 per cent effective! ' b'Pilots refuse to take part in national identity card trials (UK)' b'Israeli human rights activist Ezra Nawi will most likely be sent to jail. Only international attention can help him now.' b'Russian elites (including the chief environment minster) killed while hunting endangered goats.  Oligarchs0, Goats7' b'Eight men arrested over yesterday's killing of 44 people at a Turkish wedding were all members of statebacked Village Guard units set up to help combat Kurdish separatists in Turkey's southeast.' b'TPB judge accused of bias in another case' For an 'army' which claims it doesn't target civilians the IDF has a proporsionally impressive record of killing civilians, unmatched by any other developed nation on Earth. Former IDF soldiers reveal there's a difference between what Israel says and what Israel expects of its soldiers b'Romania risks getting a 700 million Euro fine from the EU' b'Could this be considered progress?  Man stoned to death in Iran for adultery' b'Where are the most people imprisoned? [chart]' b'Giant spiders invade Australian Outback town' Afghanistan's only pig quarantined in flu fear b'UN demands access to secret Israeli torture jail + UN probe finds Israel guilty of war crimes' 'Up to 100 dead' in Afghan raid, largest loss of civilian life in a single incident since USled forces invaded Afghanistan in 2001 b'Eighteen Zimbabwean Activists Released On Bail After False Terror Charges' Talkshow host says Koran is 'book of hate'. UK bans him from entering. Sues b'Michael Savage and Others Banned from UK' b'Alleged war crimes committed during the Gaza war  the full UN investigation report.' b'Pirates Seize German Cargo Ship, Again' b'Inside is a landscape of extraordinary human wreckage. The rooms resemble catacombs; lightless and fetid and crammed with dozens, even hundreds, of bodies, each one clinging to his bit of space, his bit of elixir.' b'Is There a Save Darfur Industrial Complex?' b'Russia investigates the use of helicopters to hunt endangered goats' b'Anonymous Supports Blue Heart Campaign Against Human Trafficking' b'Demolitions build Jerusalem tension' EgyptAir Flight MS804 disappears from radar during ParisCairo flight McDonald's fish Row over sustainability 'coverup' The document shows that the government was aware of madeup data and illegal practices such as the dumping of vast quantities of unwanted fish. There are also concerns that unlawful fishing in NZ waters is threatening the world's rarest dolphin Pope condemns bloodsuckers who exploit poor workers Pope says making slaves out of workers and setting unfair contracts is a mortal sin India just proposed an oilfordrugs deal with Venezuela, Country is facing severe shortages of even basic supplies such as food, water and medicines, desperately short of medical supplies, lacking as much as 80 percent of what it needs to treat its population Portugal runs for four days straight on renewable energy alone Zero emission milestone reached as country is powered by just wind, solar and hydrogenerated electricity for 107 hours Bayer offers 42 Billion to purchase Monsanto. Agricultural mega merger looms. Authorities shut down secret Islamic school in Brussels report Iran tells Hezbollah to stop attacking Israel, turn attention to Saudi Arabia Egyptian officials confirm that EgyptAir flight crashed with 56 persons on board Ninetytwo children and three teachers were poisoned in northern Peru when a plane fumigating nearby fields sprayed a weedkiller too close to their school. Robin Hood hacker donates $11,000 of stolen bitcoin to help fight ISIS Mob burns Venezuelan man alive over $5 as rule of law fails Boris Johnson wins most offensive Erdogan poem contest A Secret Tunnel Found in Mexico May Finally Solve the Mysteries of Teotihuacn Superbugs will 'kill every three seconds' Superbugs will kill someone every three seconds by 2050 unless the world acts now, a hugely influential report says Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Accused of Elbowing Opposition Member of Parliament in The House of Commons. Englands chief medical officer warns of antibiotic apocalypse Venezuelan opposition tells military that it's time to choose New Zealand Customs will lose the automatic right to examine people's smartphones and electronic devices at the border, under a government proposal. Banks Sued by Investor Over AgencyBond Rigging Claims.Depending on the securities that are included, the market could range from $9 trillion to $15 trillion.Defendants scheme was driven by greed and opportunity, Venezuelans are having to trade pharmaceutical drugs on social media as the country runs out of medicine French security chief warns Islamic State plans wave of attacks in France Russia under suspicion after sabotage of Swedish telecom mast Large Azerbaijan plane crashes in Afghanistan Boris Johnson wins 'most offensive Erdoan poem' competition ExLondon mayor wins 1,000 prize for limerick about Turkish president in contest challenging crackdown on free speech Scientists Find A Weak Spot In HIV That May Pave the Way to a Vaccine Muslim states block 11 LGBT groups from attending UN Aids meeting Caribbean islands warned as Venezuela collapses US raises China steel taxes by 522% German court bans public recital of antiErdogan poem Mexican President Proposes Legalizing Gay Marriage Iran wants U.S. to pay for 63 years of 'spiritual and material damage' Magnitude 6.7 earthquake strikes western Ecuador Dutch researchers are learning how to grow food on Mars and the Moon  Especially in the Martian soil, plants were growing very fast and very good. They even started to flower, something that we never anticipated Muslim states block gay groups from U.N. AIDS meeting A group of 51 Muslim states has blocked 11 gay and transgender organizations from attending a highlevel meeting at the UN next month on ending AIDS, sparking a protest by the US, Canada and the EU. One of the missing Chibok girls has been found in Nigeria, activists say  the first since they were taken by Boko Haram militants two years ago. Russia to revive missile trains as U.S. launches European missile defense system Zika virus could spread to Europe in coming months, says WHO Russias new FindFace app identifies strangers in a crowd with 70 percent accuracy Last stand for Europe's remaining ancient forest as loggers prepare to move in | Government plans to fell Polands Biaowiea forest have divided families, led to death threats against green campaigners and allegations of an environmental coup by government and state timber interests Google may face a fine of around 3 billion by the European Commission (EC) for manipulating search results to promote its own shopping comparison service, Four in ten Australians admit they have drunk so much they've vomited  half want alcohol taxes increased to pay for alcoholrelated treatment. GM food is generally safe for humans and the environment, report says Mexico's President, Enrique Pena Nieto, has proposed constitutional reform to legalise samesex marriage across the country. Violence against labor activists remains rampant in Colombia since U.S. trade deal took effect, U.S. watchdog says. Spain's debt now worth more than value of the economy Obama to Lift U.S. Sanctions Against Myanmar Australia has laid off a prominent scientist as part of cuts to its national science agency that are mainly aimed researchers studying global sea rise and climate change. Rodrigo Duterte says he's killed 1,700 crooks; pledges 100,000 dead in 1st 6 months as president. TTIP's definition of Feta cheese is getting more attention than saving the NHS French President Franois Hollande threatened to veto TTIP if products made in specific regions cannot retain exclusivity over their names After almost 18 years of circling Earth, the International Space Station completed its 100,000th orbit on Monday. Pakistans Billion Tree Tsunami gains momentum, hopes to achieve target of One Billion new saplings plantation by end of next year. The new Brazilian presidents first pick for science minister was a creationist. He chose a soybean tycoon who has deforested large tracts of the Amazon rain forest to be his agriculture minister. And he is the first leader in decades to have no women in his Cabinet. Syria Army killed over 200 ISIS militants in 3day long offensive in Deir Ezzor Israel Antiquities Authority announces the biggest archaeological find in 30 years  A 1600yearold Roman shipwreck filled with bronze statues and coins bearing the face of Constantine the Great. The London mayor, Sadiq Khan, has outlined plans to quadruple the proportion of affordable housing being built in the capital.There is no point in building homes if they are bought by investors in the Middle East and Asia, I want to give first dibs to Londoners. Face recognition app taking Russia by storm may bring end to public anonymity Australian Energy Boss Emails ClimateChange Skeptic Handbook.Prominent businessman and donor to the Australian Liberal Party, accidentally emailed hundreds of politicians and elites a 16page handbook.The handbook explains how to argue that climatechange is not humanmade. Prominent Oceans Scientist Fails to Disclose Funding From Fishing Industry Revealed Saudi Arabia owns $117 billion of U.S. debt North Korea is last place Americans should travel to warns US State Department New Snowden Leak Reveals Key NSA Role in Guantanamo Torture Pirate Party set to be kingmaker in next Icelandic parliamentpolls ADL to recognize Ottoman Empires massacre of Armenians as genocide We believe that remembering and educating people about any genocide  Armenian, the Holocaust, Bosnia, Rwanda and others is a necessary tool to prevent future tragedies Bell offers $1M settlement to Yellowknife man, northern customers over 911 fees. a classaction lawsuit against the company in 2007 over its 75cent monthly fee for 911 emergency phone service  a service that doesn't exist US scientists have cloned the Zika virus  an important step towards fasttracking a vaccine against the disease. Panama Papers reveal George Soros' deep money ties to secretive weapons, intel investment firm Pope criticizes West for trying to export own brand of democracy to Iraq, Libya Court condemns tobacco giant Philip Morris over secret bid to sue Australia over plain packaging laws [Russia] Cossacks beat up anticorruption leader Alexey Navalny and others as police are slow to intervene Denmark pushes ahead with hate preacher blacklist Turkish police seal off hotel to halt dissident opposition congress Australian teen accused of plotting terror attack in Sydney Venezuela gives sweeping 'emergency' powers to security forces World Health Organization study during the last five years, unmarried women were less likely to have an abortion than married women. Roughly 73% of abortions were obtained by married women. Iran is arresting models who pose without headscarves on Instagram April breaks global temperature record, marking seven months of new highs. 2016 will be hottest year on record Erdoan pictured as Hitler on Turkish Embassy in Berlin Venezuelan President decrees emergency, seizes factories New move to impeach Tony Blair over Iraq War gains crossparty support Divers Discover 'Spectacular' Cargo of Ancient Shipwreck in Caesarea Harbor  Includes bronze statues & 1000s of coins bearing the images of Roman emperors Constantine & Licinius. 1,600 yr old wreck discovered by divers in ancient harbor of Caesarea. Thousands of South African gold miners launch a multimilliondollar class action lawsuit against mining companies over deadly lung diseases. An online al Qaeda magazine is calling for jihadis to damage the US economy by killing business leaders and entrepreneurs, according to analysts. Half of fish caught in New Zealand waters not in official records. Reconstructed marine catch totalled 38.1 million tonnes between 1950 and 2010, which is 2.7 times the 14 million tonnes reported to the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) Former CIA agent admits involvment in Nelson Mandela's arrest Police in Colombia seize more than 8 tons of cocaine in largest ever drug bust Luxembourg prosecutors seek jail time for whistleblowers India successfully testfires indigenously developed supersonic interceptor missile North Korea releases Russian yacht  detention was a misunderstanding North Korean officials said Car fires turning into a Dutch plague, 100s torched in recent months More pupils than expected in 'illegal schools' across UK, mainly Islamic and Jewish, Ofsted reports. Duterte vows to kill criminals and reintroduce hanging in Philippines  What I will do is urge Congress to restore (the) death penalty by hanging, Duterte, 71, told a press conference in Davao on Sunday. He also said he would give security forces shoottokill orders against organised criminals China waging war against ancient superstitions that convinced a man to steam his wife to death Magnitude 5.6 / Shindo 5 earthquake shakes Ibaraki, Japan. No tsunami warning issued. China cyber probes show electronic warfare focus, Pentagon says China's military conducted cyber probes and intrusions against US networks to support intelligence collection and electronic warfare even as it continues an extraordinarily rapid expansion of longrange precision strike capabilities Google (GOOGL.O) faces a record antitrust fine of around 3 billion euros ($3.4 billion) from the European Commission in the coming weeks, British newspaper The Sunday Telegraph said. The European Union has accused Google of promoting its shopping service in Internet searches Al Qaeda Turns to Syria, With a Plan to Challenge ISIS Scientists Seek To Bring Dead Brains Back To Life Police are facing severe terror threat from IRA Rankandfile officers in Northern Ireland on a high state of alert with 52 bomb attacks over the past 12 months Police sealed off a hotel in Ankara on Sunday, preventing dissidents in Turkey's nationalist opposition from holding a party congress that could jeopardize President Tayyip Erdogan's plans for more power Iceland's Pirate Party secures more election funding than all its rivals as it continues to top polls 'We don't care. Democracy doesnt revolve around getting loads of money from the government. We funded our campaign at a flea market before the last elections and that was fine.' Monsanto Linked to Tax Havens in Panama Papers Leak Protesters take over German coal mine, block coal power plant We are taking the exit from coal into our own hands and closing down one of the largest climate killers in Europe. Radiobacked campaign pushes for FM access on your smartphone India's top court ordered state governments to provide free meals to schoolchildren during summer break as country reels from impact of one of worst droughts on record. Free lunches are offered to some 120 million students in what is world's largest school feeding program, but not during holidays. ISIS burns family of 5 with 3 children alive in public for trying to flee terroristoccupied land Manchester United's Old Trafford ground evacuated A fake terror attack has panicked guests of several Hollywood stars at the Cannes film festival | The publicity stunt, by a French Internet company aimed at the super rich, saw a speedboat full of men in helmets and military style uniforms attempt to storm the dock of the Hotel du Cap. Sinkhole discovery suggests humans were in Florida 14,500 years ago Knife, bone, and dung cast doubt on Bering Strait theory and indicate humans spread through Americas 1,500 years earlier than thought, researchers say Heat wave hits Egypt, temperatures reach 45 degrees Suicide bombing in Yemen kills 25 people NASA data shows last month was hottest April on record  The April figures continue the remarkably warm start to 2016 Judge in Iran tells prisoner 'If you're innocent you'll go to heaven after you're hanged' Venezuela Maduro orders seizure of closed Venezuela factories, jailing of owners Student in Turkey accused of terror propaganda for speaking Kurdish Mark Zuckerberg claims 'no evidence' of political bias at Facebook Prolife marches across Poland Demonstrations in over 140 cities, signatures collected for a socalled citizens bill calling for a complete ban on abortion. Pope to Visit Genocide Memorial During June Trip to Armenia South African court allows landmark silicosis suit against gold firms Up to 500,000 miners may be eligible to seek damages for lung diseases, a decision that could cost the industry millions Police found a pig's head bearing a written insult against German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the entrance to her constituency office in the northeastern town of Stralsund Leaks Show Senate Aide Threatened Colombia Over Cheap Cancer Drug Turkey has agreed to modernise the Pakistan Air Forces fleet of F16s at a cost of $75 million amid the controversy surrounding the purchase of new jets from USA Scientists believe they have an uncovered an evolutionary throwback in a rare deep ocean whale that washed ashore on a South Australian beach. Germany to abolish provider liability law, open path to more free WiFi a law that makes hotspot providers responsible for users' activity has long limited public WiFi and is set to be scrapped. Militants kill two police in Russia's Dagestan, Islamic State claims responsibility Next Friday, the United Kingdom will join Australia and become the second country in the world to introduce plain packaging to cigarettes, removing all brands, logos, and colors and replacing them with standardized dark green packages with graphic health warnings. Venezuela president declares emergency, cites U.S., domestic 'threats' Nearly 45,000 sign up to support call for Netflix to stop VPN blocking North Korea detains Russian yacht U.S. intelligence warns of Venezuela collapse Russia begins imposing transport, banking restrictions on North Korea, complying with United Nations sanctions against Pyongyang Women in Saudi Arabia face flogging and imprisonment if they check their husbands phone without his permission. Erdoan says West cares more about gay and animal rights than Syria ISIS executes 11 Iraqi civilians for using cell phones Russian Doctor Explains How He Helped Beat Doping Tests at the Sochi Olympics The director of Russias antidoping laboratory during the 2014 Winter Olympics revealed to The New York Times how Russian agents used an elaborate scheme to swap out tainted urine samples from Russian athletes. BBC News Lightning strikes kill 50 in Bangladesh Judge tells man 'if you're innocent you'll go to Heaven' after sentencing him to be hanged for a crime he denied in Iran Moscow wanted to eradicate the risk of domestic terror attacks, so intelligence and police officials turned a blind eye to Islamic militants leaving the country. Some sources say officials even encouraged militants to leave Iran rearrests Christian pastor once sentenced to death Leaked wiretaps of ISIS agents show Ankara routinely ignores terrorist crossborder activity Venezuela looters target chicken, flour amid worsening shortages German MPs vote to block North African asylum claims Morocco, Tunisia and Algeria classified as safe countries of origin  meaning that asylum applications will only be accepted under exceptional circumstances ISIS declares state of emergency in Raqqa, ISIS's selfdeclared capital India announced a new intellectual property policy on Friday, speeding up the online registration of patents & trademarks, but resisted pressure from US and other Western countries to amend its patent laws Prince Charles I use homeopathy in animals to cut antibiotic use Belgian police Don't use Facebook reactions if you value privacy China Is Not Celebrating Cultural Revolution's 50th Anniversary World's Biggest Cruise Ship Sets Sail | The world's largest cruise ship, Harmony of the Seas  which cost US$1 billion to build over 32 months  has been finished and was delivered to owner Royal Caribbean International Uganda has launched a total social media blackout for the second time in three months IDF general ISIS fighters training with Hamas in Gaza Declassified documents detail 9/11 commission's inquiry into Saudi Arabia, Chilling story of the Saudi diplomat who, many on the commissions staff believed, had been a ringleader of a Saudi government spy network inside the US that gave support to at least two of the 9/11 hijackers Ontario parents who object to vaccines could be forced to take a class in science of immunization. Scientists have found a microbe that does something textbooks say is impossible It's a complex cell that survives without mitochondria. The Kremlin is considering whether or not to release some 20,000 hacked Clinton emails reportedly in its possession; Russian security services apparently obtained the emails as part of their investigation into the Romanian hacker Marcel Lehel Lazar Nearly 90,000 Gallons of Crude Oil Spill Into Gulf of Mexico ISIS massacre 14 Real Madrid fans at supporters club in Baghdad Chinese Cops Are Temporarily Patrolling the Streets of Rome & Milan  A new experimental program put international police at Italy's tourist hubs to help the influx of Chinese travelers Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation divests entire holding in BP Worlds largest health charity sells its $187m stake in the oil giant in a move welcomed by fossil fuel divestment campaigners Luxembourg Is Set to Become the Most AnimalFriendly Country in the World  Proposed new animals rights legislation  which states animals are sentient beings with certain rights, who can experience anguish  has been described as the most progressive in the world. Chinese province has ordered kindergartens to enforce a ban on religious activity after a video was posted online of a little girl reciting part of the Koran at a nursery school Dutch professor renounces Turkish award, brands Erdogan 'defacto dictator' Venezuela Countless Wounded after 5,000 Loot Supermarket British astronaut Tim Peake has sparked an orbital kerfuffle after he tweeted a picture showing a crack in the International Space Station's window. It was caused by space debris. Germany Says It Will Rescind Convictions for Homosexuality The justice minister, Heiko Maas, said the government would put forward legislation that would overturn the convictions and allow for financial compensation to the men who suffered under the legislation Dozens of Russian athletes at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, including at least 15 medal winners, were part of a staterun doping program Brazil's acting president used to be US intel informant  WikiLeaks Fears grow as temperatures double at massive New Zealand volcano featured in Lord of the Rings films Merkel warns of return to nationalism unless EU protects borders Russia to ban all Turkish fruit and vegetable imports next week Interfax Egypt 'in denial' over hidden chambers in Tutankhamuns tomb  Scientists accuse government of suppressing data disproving claims that burial site contains Nefertitis remains N.Korea deploying ICBMs near Chinese border Child sex abuse victim in 20s euthanised after suffering irreparable PTSD Chinese stateowned firms claim 'sovereign immunity' in US courts with foreign ministry's backing MPs vote against 'emergency' use of banned beeharming pesticides  National Farming Unions application for banned pesticide use on oil seed rape crops is rejected as govt rules against neonicotinoids for the first time 12,000 people trapped in Palestinian refugee camp in Syria by bombs, shells and bullets Save the Children says camp cut off by heavy shelling, with supplies of food and medicine running out India has slashed prices of 54 essential medicines by up to 55%, including commonly used drugs for cancer, hypertension, diabetes and other heart disorders. Rio Olympics could spark 'full blown global health disaster', say Harvard scientists Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff is to face trial after the Senate voted to impeach and suspend her. Saudi officials were 'supporting' 9/11 hijackers, commission member says 60% of Brazilian Senators Participating in Todays Impeachment Vote Have Pending Legal Cases Against Them, Watchdog Says. Italy says 'yes' to gay civil unions in historic vote, after a long and bitter debate that has pitted the Catholic Church against PM Renzi. Italy is the last major western European country to recognize civil unions for same sex couples. MP recites explicit Erdogan bestiality poem on live TV Venezuela Unleashes Tanks as 4 Killed, 1,200 Arrested Almost 400 companies listed on the London Stock Exchange with a collective market capitalisation of 225bn are based in offshore havens connected to the UK. Research shows that 389 companies trading their shares in London are registered in British overseas territories or crown protectorates. A federal judge has sharply rebuked the Pentagon for the process by which it concealed hundreds of Bushera photos showing US military personnel torturing detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, suggesting Barack Obama may have to release even more graphic imagery of abuse Catholic Diocese in India Reinstates Priest Who Admitted Child Sex Abuse US missile defense site goes live in Romania, angering Russia as NATO bolsters defenses Plane Debris Confirmed As Being From MH370 US government suspends aid programs in Turkey 'Lord of the Rings' Volcano Has Become Active, Warns NZ Tokyo Olympics 1.3m payment to secret account raises questions over 2020 Games Islamic State yearly oil revenue halved to $250 million U.S. official U.S. activates Romanian missile defense site, angering Russia Brazil prepares to roll back green laws  Amidst the turmoil of the presidential impeachment process, members of Brazils Congress are set to dismantle environmental protection laws. Suspects in the disappearance of 43 Mexican college students have claimed that they were tortured into making confessions, according to court documents obtained by the the U.S. international news agency Associated Press. 11 Tons of BombMaking Chemical Found Under Fruit Crates U.S. cities on Mexican border prep for 3,000 Cubans Middle East U.N. slams Turkey for alarming reports of human rights abuses Londons Muslim mayor reaffirms plan for Israel trip Brutal justice of the mob in Venezuela Venezuelan Mugger is beaten to the floor and burned alive by lynch mob after stealing from people New Zealand Prime Minister John Key thrown out of Parliament for disobeying the Speaker during an exchange about the Panama Papers, which have revealed links between Mossack Fonseca and New Zealand's secretive foreign trust industry Former Brazilian soccer star Don't come to the Olympics Twothirds of Germans want Merkel out at next election A poll published on Tuesday shows that just under twothirds of Germans do not want Chancellor Angela Merkel to run for office again in elections next year. Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull named in Panama Papers Mayor Jokes About Rape, Brags About Death Squads, Gets Elected President of the Philippines Queen says Chinese officials were 'very rude' during Xi Jinping's state visit ExN. Korea army head, who Seoul said was executed, is alive David Cameron calls Nigeria and Afghanistan 'fantastically corrupt' Italy ISIS Fighters Are Posing as Refugees in Our Camps Drones will take $127bn worth of human work by 2020, PwC says The world is hurtling towards an era when global concentrations of carbon dioxide never again dip below the 400 parts per million (ppm) milestone, as two important measuring stations sit on the point of no return. Kepler telescope discovers 100 Earthsized planets French government to use special powers to invoke labor reform hotly contested pro business measures pushed through lower house without vote British Hacker Wins Court Battle Over Encryption Keys Scientists suspect that chunks from the bottom of the North American tectonic plate, which is the upper portion of the mantle, are peeling off and sinking. Central banks are loading up on gold New era of 'super fires' as climate change triggers hotter, drier weather.The six worst fire seasons since 1960 have all occurred since 2000, according to the U.S. report. Since 2000, many Western states have experienced the largest wildfires in their state's history. Zeenat Shahzadi is believed to be the first female journalist forcibly disappeared in Pakistan. Her family and human rights groups say she was abducted by security agencies who have been accused of illegally detaining thousands of people under the guise of antiterrorism operations. Two major media companies in New Zealand have announced they are in merger talks, raising the prospect that the entire country could be left with just one newspaper group. France studying possible ban on import of U.S. Shale gas  minister CEO of Russia's leading Oil Company Rosneft, Igor Sechin Say Goodbye to OPEC Global warming milestone about to be passed and there's no going back Cape Grim, Tasmania monitoring site jointly run by CSIRO and the Bureau of Meteorology will witness the first baseline reading of 400 parts per million (ppm) of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere Proposed Internet surveillance will give dictators ideas, claims campaign.Each advert in the campaign shows how the group imagines a dictator would react favourably if the IP Bill, which has been nicknamed the Snooper's Charter, becomes law Chinas total wind power generation to triple by 2030, increase from approximately 149 GW in 2015 to over 495 GW Erdogan says Europe a safe haven for political wings of terrorist groups Panama Papers include dozens of Americans tied to financial frauds President Obama will visit Hiroshima later this month The trip will mark the first visit by a U.S. president to the site since American forces dropped atomic bombs on that city and on Nagasaki at the end of World War II. Knife attacker 'shouting Allahu akbar' seriously injures four at Munich train station Russia Builds a Tunnel to Save Endangered Amur Leopards, Tigers The Narvinskii Pass tunnel allows the endangered big cats to avoid a deadly road as they move between Russia and China China scrambles 2 fighter jets and 3 warships as U.S. sails warship near Chineseclaimed reef UK Police apologise for making fake suicide bomber shout 'Allahu Akbar' in Trafford Centre counterterror exercise Greater Manchester Police said it was unacceptable to use a phrase 'which so vocally linked the exercise with Islam' Our people planned 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks exchief of Pakistan's intelligence service ISI Scientists warn 21% of plants at risk of extinction World Cup Winner, Rivaldo I advise everyone with plans to visit Brazil for the Olympics in Rio  to stay home. Trudeau turns down Russian, U.S., Mexican offers to help battle Fort McMurray wildfire Rousseff impeachment vote 'annulled' Londons New Mayor I Wont Be Able To Visit The U.S. If Donald Trump Wins Ill be stopped from going there by virtue of my faith, Sadiq Khan said. 15yo discovers an hidden maya city by analyzing Mayan constellations Christian refugees in Germany fear violence by other migrants, report says Tens of thousands of protesters took to the Roman streets Saturday to protest against the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP). Holding signs that said Stop TTIP and Not capital, but people, Selfharm the 'biggest killer of people in their early 20s' in the UK Mexican judge rules drug lord Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman can be extradited to US New Milestone 95% of German electricity provided by renewables on Sunday at 11 AM An unnamed former Facebook employee told Gizmodo that workers routinely suppressed news stories of interest to conservative readers, according to Gizmodo, while artificially adding other stories into the trending list. Two Afghan terrorists arrested in Bari (Italy) were planning attacks in London, Rome and Bari Looming catastrophe in South Africa as unemployment climbs to more than 26 per cent A German court has rejected a bid by Turkeys president for an injunction against the head of one of Germanys biggest publishing houses in a standoff over a satirical poem. Jean Chretien says criminal records for pot possession 'completely unacceptable' Rodrigo 'The Punisher' Duterte claims victory in Philippines election | The pugnacious 71yearold surged from outsider to the top of surveys with cussfilled vows to kill tens of thousands of criminals India Wants To Kick Its Dirty Coal Habit The countrys power ministry plans to shut down aging coalfired power plants with a combined capacity of 37 gigawatts of power Blackwater, through Total Intelligence [also owned by Blackwater's founder, Erik Prince], seeks to become the intel arm of Monsanto and infiltrate activist groups organizing against Monsanto The greatest attack ad ever? Black people are 26 times more likely than white people to be stopped and searched by police in England and Wales, the most glaring example of racial profiling researchers have seen Sweden tops government ranking  while US lags  Sweden's open government, lack of corruption and clear laws make the country top new global government effectiveness ranking. Has democracy ceased to exist in parts of Mexico because of drug cartel influence? How did the country get to this point?  Frenchspeaking population increases by 20 million between 2007 and 2010, almost entirely thanks to Africa Doctors Without Borders on US food aid Foods we would never give our own children are being sent overseas as food aid to the most vulnerable children in malnutrition hot spots in subSaharan Africa and parts of Asia. This double standard must stop.  The Economic Hit Man Confesses Again Mexico With a presidential election less than two years away, drug cartels send messages to the government and citizens to back down. The lawabiding must decide whether it is better to give in ... or battle on.  These are darkskinned people, not Europeans like you and me, declared Milan's vicemayor during their crackdown on the Roma. The 1 billion hostage trade How kidnapping became a global industry Angela Merkel, Germany's Chancellor, has said that the country's attempt to create a multicultural society has utterly failed British director Mike Leigh cancels Israel trip to protest loyalty oath Defiant millions take to the streets in battle over Nicolas Sarkozy's cuts French workers strike against pension reform Protests threaten France shut down Tens of thousands of people to take to the streets over pension plans as fears of a fuel shortage increase Massive Hospital ship arrives in Kenya, set to tour Africa. 8 decks, 32 departments, 428 medical support staff. Free treatment. Provided by the Chinese. Look me in the eyes ... I said the eyes.  Play on famous Wonderbra ad aims to increase sensitivity toward handicapped people. The Great Deflation  Japan Goes From Dynamic to Disheartened  Swiss Complete Largest Tunnel Ever to Star Wars Theme  Iranian judge sentenced a man accused of stealing chocolate from a candy shop to have his hand cut off! Chinese Christians barred from attending South African international evangelical conference After the Pakistan Floods, Why Relief Help Was Slow to Arrive The propaganda smears on WikiLeaks. On the eve of a new leak, widely trumpeted Pentagon accusations about the whistleblowing site have proven false  Deadly disease major threat to global public health  

Number of cases of dengue has more than doubled in last decade, according to the World Health Organization Ebola death toll rises to 1,427, with 142 new cases and 77 deaths over the last two days. UK Man jailed for 33 months for pirating Fast & Furious Small volcanic eruption has started in Iceland. London rapper turned jihadist believed to be under investigation for murder of American journalist in Syria India's Mars orbiter to reach red planet in 33 days Isro Lithuania envoy killed in Ukraine  Lithuania says its honorary consul in the rebelheld city of Luhansk in eastern Ukraine has been murdered by terrorists there ISIS 'betraying' Muslims, says Calgary imam before hunger strike Russian Artillery Units Are Firing at Ukrainian Soldiers, NATO Says Mapped 568 earthquakes in Iceland in a single day 22 August, 2014. Scottish independence 1m voters sign declaration in favour of yes vote Last Ebolafree region of Liberia falls to virus as the World Health Organization warned the fight against the worstever outbreak of the killer disease would take months White House Says Foley Beheading a Terrorist Attack Against U.S. Swedish Nationalists Rise as Influx of Syrian Refugees Grows The Sweden Democrats, a nationalist party that targets deep cuts to immigration, is poised to double its support in elections next month as Swedes prepare for a change of government. New law in Sierra Leone makes hiding Ebola patients illegal U.S. urges Russia to withdraw convoy from Ukraine Perus Alarming Environmental Regression  New laws cozy to big mining & give police impunity quelling ecoprotests. Strips Environment Ministry of rule over air, soil & water quality, ends power to create reserves exempt from mining & oil. In Dec, Peru to host 'UN Climate Change Conference'. A fever of unidentified origin has killed 13 people in the northwestern Democratic Republic of Congo since August 11, the health minister said. 15 Islamic State terrorists were killed overnight in another failed attempt to take over a Syrian Airbase. More than 150 jihadists were wounded in the assault. Belgium Burka Ban Diplomat Rips off Qatari Princess' Niqab  Yahoo News UK President Barack Obamas effort to have Arabs play the lead role in combating the Islamic State terrorist group suffered a setback yesterday when Sunni lawmakers quit talks on forming a new Iraqi government after Shiite gunmen killed scores of worshipers at a Sunni mosque Ebola outbreak Number of deaths are massively underestimated, warns WHO Deputy nat'l security advisor says the US will not be restricted by borders in combating ISIS. Ebola crisis Speed and extent of outbreak 'unprecedented' India makes 'liking' blasphemous content illegal [in Karnataka state] India, Pakistan trade gunfire in Kashmir; 4 dead The president of Indonesia, the worlds most populous Muslimmajority country, deemed the actions of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria group embarrassing to the religion and called upon Muslim leaders to unite in tackling extremism Orangutan experts plead for Australian food manufacturers to reject palm oil  Apes, elephants, rhinos & tigers at dire risk if unsustainable palm oil plantations allowed in Sumatran reserve Saudi Arabia has beheaded 19 people this month, including one for sorcery Mexico says 22,322 people now 'disappeared' The Syrian Army killed at least 70 Islamic State terroristis in Syria in the last 48 hours. Muslims in Norway mobilize against extremists Hamas Kills 11 Suspected Informers for Israel Israeli boy, 4, killed by Gaza mortar in south; Rocket sirens wail in Tel Aviv Hamas admits kidnapping and killing of three Israeli teens in the West Bank Top U.S. military brass warns ISIS has apocalyptic, endofdays plan that cant be stopped without attacks in Syria Hezbollah condemns beheading of American photojournalist James Foley, describing the killing as a savage crime executed by terrorist groups Chinese Jet Threatened U.S. Intelligence Aircraft The defense officials said the Chinese Su27 interceptor jet flew within 50 feet of the P8 and then carried out a barrel roll over the top of the aircrafta move described by officials as dangerous and meant to threaten the surveillance aircraft Ukraine president pledges to 'talk peace' with Putin. The whole world is tired of the war. Pentagon Isis is 'beyond anything we've seen' and must be contained Man Cured Of Ebola With Experimental Drug 'Today Is A Miraculous Day' Russia shuts down McDonald's branches in Moscow amid Ukraine row Father hurt saving kindergarten kids from Gaza rocket Iraqi Christians welcomed in France Iraqi Christians reach France after fleeing Islamists Seals carried tuberculosis across the Atlantic, gave it to humans. Disease was present in the Americas prior to European contact. Russia to move Ukraine aid convoy Shi'ite militias open fire in Iraqi mosque, killing 30 Sunnis Mass surveillance of online communications allows Indian state to arrest people preemptively for piracy intent Russian aid trucks cross border into Ukraine, without Kyiv's approval Frustrated by a week of delays, Russia sent dozens of aid trucks into rebelheld eastern Ukraine on Friday without Kyiv's approval, saying its patience had worn out with the Ukrainian government's stalling tactics NSA and GCHQ agents 'leak Tor bugs'  The Tor Project says it believes some NSA and GCHQ agents are surreptitiously leaking it information to protect anonymity on the net The British jihadi who decapitated the U.S. journalist is thought to be an educated Londoner named John. ISIS Spokesman Who Promised To 'Raise The Flag Of Allah In The White House' Is Killed Canadian government orders scientist not to disclose extent of polar melting U.S. military announces 14 airstrikes in Iraq following James Foley execution British RightWing party (UKIP) calls to strip Islamic State militants of their British citizenship North Korean Internet users download American Porn, Violent video games and British TV show Top Gear Suicide Tourism Terminally ill Britons now make up a nearly one quarter of users of suicide clinics in Switzerland. Only Germany has a higher numbers of suicide tourists visiting institutions to end their own lives A 111yearold Japanese national has been certified as the world's oldest man. With this, Japan now boasts of having the world's oldest man and woman Confirmed Microbial life found half mile below Antarctic ice sheet Earth's atmosphere contains an unexpectedly large amount of an ozonedepleting compound from an unknown source decades after the compound was banned worldwide A 70yearold Australian grandfather has become the oldest person to swim the English Channel, celebrating his feat by having a couple of beers for medicinal purposes Gaza rocket fire hits new heights 168 launched in one day In first, Hamas official takes credit for kidnap and murder of Israeli teens Obama addresses James Foleys beheading by ISIS No just God would stand for what they did James Foley death sparks manhunt to find British jihadist Israel kills three top Hamas commanders Shortly after Ugandas controversial AntiHomosexuality Act was struck down by the courts on a technicality, a similar proposed bill in neighboring Kenya seeking harsh punishments for homosexuals was found unconstitutional Ivory poachers killing elephants faster than they are being born, a new study says Growing fears that Iceland's Bardarbunga volcano could be about to erupt, with around 1,000 earthquakes in the past 24 hours Three more Tibetans have died of untreated gunshot wounds after Chinese authorities fired on peaceful protesters last week in Sichuan Province and refused to treat the dozens who were injured and detained Ecuador president confirms that the country has granted asylum to Julian Assange Three top Hamas commanders killed in Israeli strike Police warn sharing James Foley killing video is a crime under Britain's antiterror laws. Even viewing the video may be a criminal offense. Hundreds Rally in Ireland After Rape Victim Says Denied Abortion IsraelGaza conflict AntiSemitic incidents 'up 500%' in UK since start of bombardment of Gaza James Foley captors first asked for $135 million ransom US Journalist, James Foley, beheaded by ISIS Warning to America. Maya Cities Found in Yucatan2 massive cities hidden by dense vegetation. In the jungle you can be 600 ft from a large site & not suspect it. Both feature plazas surrounded by palacelike buildings & pyramids, one 65 ft high, & ball courts. Stele with date 'November 29, AD 711' found. Isis fighter who beheaded US journalist appears to be British, Hammond says The Islamic State Executes Female Dentist for Treating Men Iran to produce 400,000 electric motorcycles to help reduce air pollution. Once the plan is implemented, only electric motorcycles will be allowed on the streets of central Tehran. German development minister Gerd Mueller accuses Qatar of financing ISIS Chinese coal consumption just fell for first time this century The computers of highranking officials in agencies involved in the MH370 investigation were hacked and classified information was stolen. Sierra Leone's 365 Ebola deaths traced back to one healer North Korea says US Secretary of State John Kerry is a wild dog with a 'hideous lantern jaw' Sea plankton discovered outside space station Muhammad is now the most popular babies name in England and Wales, when its three main spelling variations are counted. Earth sliding into ecological debt earlier and earlier, campaigners warn. World has already exhausted a years supply of natural resources in less than eight months, Global Footprint Network says Qatar threatened Hamas leader Khaled Mashal that it would expel him if Hamas accepts the Egyptian ceasefire truce deal ISIS Threatens the life of another U.S Journalist, Steven Sotloff, after alleged beheading of James Foley Israel Reports HAMAS Military Chief Killed In Airstrike Changes to Australian Security Laws Will Make Illegally Obtained Evidence Permisable in Court 200YearOld Alcohol Found in Shipwreck Is Still Drinkable Reporting from Gaza Criticism of Hamas slowly growing among population Activists paint Moscow's 'Stalin Tower' with Ukraine colours Curiosity rover in danger as wheels get punctured and badly damaged due to harsh terrain 'He deserves to die like bin Laden' Israel defends air strike that killed Hamas leader's wife and baby son as militant group warns 'You've opened the gates of hell' #ISISMediaBlackout goes viral following purported execution of James Foley. Hamas claims responsibility for the rocket strike on central Israel. They claim they used a Fajr5 rocket. Saudi Arabia executes four for hashish possession Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, to go ahead with $244 million program that introduces religious chaplains to state schools and keeps secular workers out. Terror suspects may lose Norwegian citizenship The government is considering withdrawing Norwegian citizenship from individuals taking part in terror activities and wars abroad. North Korea calls US a human rights graveyard over Ferguson. American Douglas McAuthur McCain Killed Fighting for ISIS in Syria Irreversible Damage Seen From Climate Change in UN Leak Great Barrier Reef Australian MP Says He Got it Wrong on Dredging Spoil  Admits he was wrong to support dumping of 5m tons of sediment into the Reef's marine park. Writes open letter, saying he's looking at options to dump dredging spoil on land. All schools in Nigeria have been ordered to remain shut until 13 October as part of measures to prevent the spread of the deadly Ebola virus. The new academic year was due to start on Monday. Rotherham sex abuse scandal 1,400 children exploited by Asian gangs while authorities turned a blind eye  Telegraph The Argentine government says it is revoking the operating license of a U.S. bank that has played a central role in the dispute that recently pushed the country into default Nato plans east European bases to counter Russian threat Astronomers First Evidence Of Water Clouds Discovered Outside Solar System London Metropolitan Police chief apologises for officer's unlawful use of CS spray on protesters  Sir Bernard HoganHowe admits officer used excessive force when he sprayed teargas into faces of UK Uncut protesters NATO Plans More Visible Presence in Eastern Europe It is safe to say that nobody had expected Russia to grab land by force. We also saw a remarkable change in the Russian military approach and capability since, for instance, the Georgian war in 2008. The U.S. Coast Guard fired at an Iranian fishing dhow in the Persian Gulf after the Iranian boat pointed a machine gun at the American crew, the Navy said on Tuesday. Egypt's Sisi says Qatar and Turkey are spending millions to spread chaos in Arab lands 16% of French Citizens Support ISIS, Poll Finds The Ukrainian military said on Wednesday that more Russian soldiers had crossed the border into eastern Ukraine, entering the small town of Amvrosiyivka in five armoured infantry carriers and a truck. Saudi Arabia busts cell of ISIS recruiters Iran to military intervene in Iraq with no restrictions if ISIS captures holy Shiite cities of Karbala and Najaf China Said to Consider $16 Billion Electric VehicleCharging Fund  Chinas central government last month set a target for electric cars to make up at least 30 percent of government vehicle purchases by 2016. Syrian rebels take over border crossing with Israel | i24news Advertising Standards Authority rules Peabodys clean coal ad misleading Ukraine's PM says Russia has plans to block gas flows to Europe Iranian General Threatens Surprise Attack on Israel; wants to air its grievances with Israel on the 'battlefield'  IMF Chief Christine Lagarde Under Investigation Over Fraud Charges A 22 yr old Australian Aboriginal woman who died in jail after twice seeking medical attention from authorities who deemed her healthy, was imprisoned over unpaid fines totalling just $1000 Russia admits its soldiers have been caught in Ukraine Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's approval rating hits 38%, down from 82% last month. Burger King Worldwide Inc. has agreed to acquire Tim Hortons Inc. for about $12.5 billion in a deal and move its headquarters to Canada. Malaysia Airlines flights are empty and the airline is burning $2Million per day U.S. and Iran Hit ISIS, Ignore Each Other Russian soldiers captured in east Ukraine crossed border by accident ISIS Militant Who Loved Taking Photos With Severed Heads Killed In Iraq Finland Says NATO an Option After Russia Violates Border Laws 'Ban Ecig use indoors,' says WHO As many as 112 Indian nationals suspected to have been exposed to the Ebola virus are expected to land in Mumbai from Liberia on seven different flights Tuesday. Putting the full blame for Palestinian situation on Hamas, Saudi foreign minister calls for Arab nations to strengthen ties with Israel US shocked at UAE air strikes in Libya NASAs New Horizons Spacecraft Crosses Neptune Orbit En Route to Historic Pluto Encounter The Islamic State may be raising more than $2 million a day in revenue from oil sales, extortion, taxes and smuggling, according to U.S. intelligence officials and antiterrorism finance experts. Turkey struggles as 'lone gatekeeper' against Islamic State recruitment The Islamic State is here to establish the law of God ... Turkey is not being ruled based on God's law but as a secular state. Pope Francis endorses use of force to stop unjust aggressor ISIS French Cabinet Is Dissolved, A Victim of Austerity Battles The collapse of the French government on Monday exposed widening divisions both within Frances leadership, and Europe more broadly, over austerity policies that many now fault for threatening to tip the eurozone back into recession. Islamic States Own Photos Used to Find One of Its Training Camps Charred U.S. dollars fluttering in street after Israeli missile blows up car with alleged Hamas money man inside ISIS Demands $6.6M Ransom for 26YearOld American Woman. China Is Building a National Operating System to Cut Out Microsoft and Google Pakistan suffers heavy casualties as Indian govt gives troops free hand to retaliate against ceasefire violations. ISIS developing 'sophisticated drones to launch attacks on Israel and US' UK embassy apologises for 'burning White House' tweet Australia Conservationists making last ditch plea to fed. govt to help prevent endangered black cockatoos from becoming extinct due to the felling of their pine forest  Perth people love their birds & this is an iconic species. We need the state & federal govt to take urgent action over this. SAS, Delta Force, and Seal Team 6 forming hunter killer unit to 'smash Islamic State' More than 720 whales have been harpooned in Norway in the most deadly hunting season since the Government began defying an international ban in 1993. 30 Metre Wide Sinkhole Appears in Durham, England  So deep its bottom can't be seen. Gaping void discovered by woman walking dog, still growing in size. The sound was phenomenal. We could hear rumbling & smashing & crashing from down below. Congo declares Ebola outbreak Indias Untouchables Still Being Forced to Collect Human Waste by Hand  Practice of forcing lowcaste people in Indian communities to remove accumulated human waste from latrines is continuing despite legal prohibitions, according to new report. A column of Russian tanks and armored vehicles has crossed into southeastern Ukraine Mayor of London says Britons visiting Iraq or Syria should be presumed terrorists Assange scheduled to help Kim Dotcom drop 'bombshell' on NZ prime minister 5 days before the NZ elections. Iran Sends Tanks to Iraq to Fight ISIS Burger King in merger talks with Canada's Tim Hortons An American journalist kidnapped in Syria nearly two years ago has been freed and handed over to U.N. representatives after Qatari mediation helped lead to his release. ISIS captures major military base in Syria using a child suicide bomber 7.0 Earthquake in Tambo, Peru 70 percent of Israelis living near Gaza have left | i24news French PM presents government resignation 'Sex superbug' Concerns over spread of highly resistant gonorrhoea strain found in Australia US 'set to launch air strikes' on senior Isis leaders in Syria Tunnels as tall as the Eiffel Tower discovered under Antarctic ice 'Incredible' rate of polar ice loss alarms scientists 'Widespread methane leakage' from ocean floor off US coast 110 rockets fired at Israel since midnight as barrages continue Ukraine border guards clash with rebels near Russian border military Hamas fires 23 mortars at crossing used for humanitarian aid supplies. Jihad Made in Kosovo | Over the span of two days, 43 Islamic extremists were arrested in Kosovo. Dozens more are under watch, both at home and in the Middle East. As fears of terror attacks grow, Kosovo is clamping down IS threatens to destroy world's largest buddhist temple. Indonesia  the world's largest Muslim country  pledges to protect the temple. The president of Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslimmajority country, has called the ISIS militants embarrassing to the religion and urged Islamic leaders to unite in tackling extremism. Report British intelligence has identified Foley's killer  AbdelMajed Abdel Bary Iran 'shoots down Israeli drone' Indian Army rushes more troops to the border as Pakistan intensifies crossborder shelling US Gives Intelligence To Assad For Targetting ISIS Commanders German kidnapped in Syria by ISIS militants has been released after a substantial consideration Five rockets fired from Syria hit Israel Unidentified jets attack targets in Tripoli 'Thanks, Putin!' Finland flooded with cutprice 'Putin cheese' as Russia turns away European exports Rocket fired from Lebanon at northern Israel Separatists put Ukrainian captives on show in Donetsk Isis surges towards the borders of Turkey Italy finds 19 boat migrants dead, saves over 3,500 since Friday navy Briton infected with Ebola in Sierra Leone is being evacuated to the UK, the African country's health ministry says Fleeing Iraqi Christians reveal horror of Islamic State Iranian Kurds Joining Fight Against IS Rice Bucket Challenge to help the poor in India Three wounded by mortar attack on Erez border crossing between Israel and Gaza Ten injured at Malm antiNazi demonstration A planned manifestation against the neoNazi Party of the Swedes spiralled out of control on Saturday in Malm as police and protesters clashed leading to several injuries. Iceland's Bardarbunga Volcano Update Eruption in Progress, Airspace Over Volcano Closed China shuts down the Beijing Independent Film Festival, seizing documents and films from organizers' office and hauling away two event officials Hundreds of Iranian troops crossed border to join battle against Islamic State group, sources tell Al Jazeera. PA slams Hamas executions of alleged collaborators WHO Announces First Ebola Infection Among Staff  Reports Pope Francis reveals new church law to deal with paedophile priests Catholic bishops who fail to sack paedophile priests can be removed from office Shoot him and I'll give you a medal  Philippine president encourages citizens to shoot drug dealers Switzerland rejects proposals for unconditional basic income by overwhelming majority ISIS kills dozens of own members amid spy scare NSA whistleblower Snowden says U.S. government carrying out mass surveillance in Japan BBC News Six hurt as shots fired at tourist bus in France Christians in Nigerias mainly Muslim north demanded Saturday that authorities do more to protect them after a woman was stabbed to death for allegedly insulting the Prophet Muhammad. A British exserviceman abandoned his Mount Everest climb some 500m from the summit to save a fellow mountaineer Chile Producing So Much Solar Energy Its Giving Electricity Away for Free  The countrys central grid has increased fourfold to 770 megawatts since 2013. German music festival Rock am Ring cancelled after more than 80 injured by lightning strikes Quebec Has Worst ER Wait Times In The Western World Report Chinese lawyer Wang Yu, facing a possible life sentence in China, was on Saturday awarded the prestigious Ludovic Trarieux Prize for her work defending human rights, organisers announced in Athens on Saturday. Dozens of gunmen in shootout with police, taking hostages in Kazakhstan Bus carrying 75 Czech tourists from Spain to the Czech Republic hit by gunfire in southeastern France, six tourists injured says prosecutor Iran says U.S. ally Saudi the real 'terrorism sponsor'  Tehran on Sunday dismissed its renewed blacklisting by Washington as a state sponsor of terrorism charging that it was U.S. allies including Riyadh that were the real culprits. Value of eco crimes soars by 26% with devastating impacts on natural world Environmental crime is now the worlds fourth biggest crime and is a growing threat to security and natural resources Austrian foreign minister suggests 'refugees should be held offshore' Top Bangladesh policeman's wife killed by suspected Islamists Tiger temple scandal exposes the shadowy billiondollar Asian trade 'There are more than 7,000 tigers being bred in captivity in 240 farms in SE Asia. China has 5,000 captive tigers, Thailand 1,450, Vietnam 180 and Laos around 400.' China says it will ignore South China Sea lawsuit decision We do not fear you Chinese admiral asserts Beijings right to South China Sea US vows 'actions' if China builds new South China Sea structures Russia, China Ready to Invest in Bolivia Amid Economic Stability  Morales The president pointed out that Russia and China never imposed conditions for their investments, as opposed to the United States that offered loans in exchange for privatization of Bolivian companies and natural resources. The United States warned its citizens on Saturday of possible attacks by Islamist militants on U.S. facilities or shopping malls in South Africa during the upcoming month of Ramadan, but the South African government said the country was safe. US Asks Russia to Not Hit Alqaeda in Syria Broadband access to be made a legal right in Ireland Norway becomes first country in the world to commit to zero deforestation One in three young South Africans victims of sexual abuse, report finds. Boys at higher risk than girls, with few safeguards in place to protect them Norway reportedly agrees on banning new sales of gaspowered cars by 2025 Pope Francis gives Vatican authority to initiate removal of bishops who don't act on sexual abuse cases Jeremy Corbyn I Would Kill TTIP In speech campaigning against Brexit, Labour leader vows to reject corporatefriendly EUU.S. trade deal Sudden appearance of crater dubbed the Gateway to the Underworld in Siberia is a warning to our warming planet Such slumps have been increasing in extent and intensity in the frozen north, scientists say Democracy is nothing to fear, Taiwan tells China on Tiananmen anniversary Thai police have charged 22 people, including three Buddhist monks, with wildlife trafficking and removed more dead animals including a bear and a leopard from the infamous Tiger Temple, authorities said on Friday. The British Government is creating a secret database by stitching together all of its records on the public (including passports and ANPR cameras), and doing so without informing Parliament Former FIFA President Sepp Blatter and two other top officials gave themselves annual raises and World Cup bonuses totaling nearly $80 million over the past five years, according to attorneys working for soccer's governing body. India's PM Modi inaugurates $290m dam in Afghanistan Cancer is entering a new era of personalised medicine with drugs targeted to the specific weaknesses in each patient's tumour, say doctors. US Launches Raids On IS From Aircraft Carrier Philippines police given more than $4,000 for killing drug traffickers  the first such rewards since presidentelect Rodrigo Duterte promoted bounties for criminals. Iran's Top Leader Rules Out Cooperation With US Against ISIS Sepp Blatter and Deputies Arranged Huge Payouts After Indictments, FIFA Says FIFA said three former top officials arranged to pay themselves more than $80 million over the past five years. Activists openly mark Tiananmen crackdown on Chinas streets US vows 'actions' if China builds new S. China Sea structures Many gas stations in Canada are experiencing a gas shortage due to the Fort McMurray wildfire continuing to spread Siberia's tattooed princess revealed 2,500yearold mummy to go on public display, but will be draped in fur to hide her modesty Mexican officials exhume 117 corpses from common grave Thousands protest violence against women in Argentina after 3 girls slain U.S. says has information on plans for terrorist attacks in South Africa U.S. fails to revive Iraqi army