 Vandals burn 220 hives containing 250,000 bees in Malta Exclusive Studies find 'super bacteria' in Rio's Olympic venues, top beaches. Nigeria busts ISIS recruiting cell as U.S. dismisses group's affiliation with Boko Haram Milky Way no longer visible to one third of humanity, 60% of Europeans and almost 80% of North Americans, light pollution atlas shows. Scientists describe cultural loss of unprecedented magnitude. Hundreds Of Thousands Of People Have Been Enslaved In Eritrea, A Totalitarian African Dictatorship U.S. Approves 6 Airlines for Direct Flights to Cuba Global ad provider Google has come out in favor of the controversial TransPacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement. Japan gives its first element a name, and it's nihonium Dutch woman held in Qatar after making rape complaint Under Israeli pressure, Facebook and Twitter delete large amounts of Palestinian content Physicists Confirm There's a Second Layer of Information Hidden in Our DNA. BBC investigation has found young migrants, including teenagers,are resorting to prostitution in the Greek capital, Athens. The United States has condemned Bashar alAssad's Syrian regime, accusing it of bombing starving civilians just hours after they received a longdelayed UN aid shipment. EnglandRussia fans could be explosive mix, warns France sports minister | Euro 2016 buildup marred by trouble involving England fans  Opening game with Russia in Marseille identified as risky Crowds steal flour, chicken and underwear in looting spree in Venezuela Bounty offered to kill Philippine president elect Rodrigo Duterte US college exam cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong after leak The Syrian military has reportedly attacked the besieged, rebelheld town of Darayya, dropping about thirty crudelymade bombs on it from helicopters.This came just hours after the government had finally allowed the United Nations to make a food aid delivery to the area  the first for four years. China Restricts Ramadan Fast For Muslim Uyghurs in Xinjiang 'Lost' Medieval City Discovered Beneath Cambodian Jungle | Angkor Wat & Temple Cities USBacked Forces Cut All Routes To ISHeld City Syria Twin bombings rock Damascus suburb Sayyida Zeinab | The Damascus district is home to Syria's holiest Shia place, the Sayyida Zeinab shrine. The night sky is vanishing, with the Milky Way no longer visible to one third of humanity including 60% of Europeans and nearly 80% of North Americans due to light pollution. Canada tells South African firefighters to leave 'as soon as possible' after they went on strike over a wage dispute Eritrean accused of being people smuggling kingpin says he is innocent | Man in custody in Italy after being extradited by Sudan tells lawyer he is not Medhanie Mered but Medhanie Berhe Iran nuclear deal reached I Sold My Sister for 300 Dollars Jordanians, Egyptians and Saudis are visiting Syrian refugee camps to buy virgins. They pay 300 dollars, and they get the girl of their dreams. Bacterium found in New zealand  resistant to every single antibiotic known Swiss voters are saying no to a proposal that would limit executive pay to 12 times that of the lowest paid Secretive trade pact called 'most harmful ever' for affordable medicine  Global health advocates say the TransPacific Partnership, a proposed trade agreement between the US and 11 other countries, is an attack on public health. U.K. intern died of seizure after working 72 hours straight Jihadists cut down a 150yearold oak tree in Atme, on Syria's border with Turkey, after they accused locals of worshiping it Homosexuals in India Demand an End to Discrimination Dangerous escalation as China declares military control of airspace over islands that are claimed by both China and Japan. NeoNazi Wins Regional Election in Slovakia Latvians in few hours donate more than 400k dollars to help victim's families. 54 confirmed dead in supermarket collapse in Riga, Latvia. Former CEO of British CoOp Bank and a Methodist minister caught on tape buying 300 worth of crack cocaine by an acquittance met on GRINDR.  The Crystal Methodist 'who didn't believe in God'... Israelis Attack Palestinian Farmers near Hebron Huge Ukraine rally over EU agreement delay Climate Activists Carbon Trading a False Solution Pushed by Bankers and Bureaucrats Proposed date for Scottish independence named Boeing is alerting airlines about possible engine icing problems on some of its new planes. It is recommending that planes with a specific General Electric engine avoid flying near thunderstorms that might contain ice crystals. Italy's Mount Etna erupts, showers volcanic ash on towns Israel condemns Iran nuclear deal as 'historic mistake' China creates airdefense zone around Japan controlled islands, escalates hostilities over disputed territory. Switzerland votes this weekend on whether to limit executives' pay at twelve times that of their lowestpaid worker. In the run up to the referendum, the issue has become a national talking point, with both sides stoking public resentments and fears. 11 teachers administering polio vaccine in Pakistani tribal area are abducted Scientists in Spain say they'll attempt to clone an extinct mountain goat using frozen, preserved cells taken from the last living animal before it died. The species known as a . . . Pyrenean ibex, went extinct in 2000, but cells from the last animal were collected and frozen in liquid nitrogen. 112 salary cap referendum in Switzerland fails by wide margin Israel denounces Iranian nuclear deal 'Every time you buy fish in the UK, you pay a fee to support an organisation which opposes campaigns to protect fish stocks and marine ecosystems' Oil prices fall after Iran agrees nuclear deal 86yearold couple found holding hands in a luxury Paris hotel bed, lashed out at France's cruel ban on euthanasia in their suicide note Egypt is now ranked as the worst arab country for women's safety and rights Abortion is illegal in Haiti but women and girls are losing their uteruses and their lives as they turn to clandestine, increasingly deadly ways to terminate their pregnancies. Tony Abbott quietly shifts UN position to support Israeli settlements, upsetting Palestinians A wealthy dentist couple in India have been found guilty of murdering their 14yearold daughter and servant by slitting their throats 93 schoolgirls sexually harassed aboard Patna train Swiss voters reject proposal to limit executives' pay (with 66% against) Gaza becoming uninhabitable as blockade tightens, says UN. Destruction of smuggling tunnels and renewed ban on import of construction materials have exacerbated humanitarian crisis Toxic Lakes May Emerge From Alberta's TarSand Projects Plummeting popularity for Australian PM  Tony Abbott's party loses the lead that won him the election as immigration and climate change remain top issues Merkel's phone tapped by at least 5 countries German universities are being criticized for taking $13 million of Pentagon cash for research including into environmentallyfriendly bombs An Australian antivaccination network The Australian Vaccination Network has been forced by the Fair Trade Tribunal to change its name. RBS accused of wrecking viable small businesses to make profits for the bailed out bank Afghanistan considers reintroduction of public stoning for adulterers Ukrainians riot in Kiev to join EU after deal collapses over Yulia Tymoshenko  PROWESTERN Ukrainians have held the biggest protest rally in Kiev since the 2004 Orange Revolution, urging the government to sign a historic pact with the European Union and clashing with police. Japan warns of 'unpredictable events' over China's new air zone 1 of Europe's Best Preserved Iron Age Hill Forts Threatened by Plans for 200 Luxury Homes for Affluent Commuters & Rich Retirees Old Oswestry has existed for over 3,000 yrs. Protesters say the plan will be lowrisk developments for country retreat investors & holiday cottage landlords. Reports of explosion in Belfast city centre NGO Israel Okays 829 New Settler Homes in West Bank Radical Islamist group [Turkistan Islamic Party] has claimed responsibility for an attack on Tiananmen Square last month and warned of future attacks in the Chinese capital. The dark side of the Magic Kingdom? Fairytale may be over for Disneyland Paris. With union marches replacing the parade, the theme park risks losing its sparkle. Pakistani island born from an earthquake is already disappearing Big brother will be watching you In an unprecedented step that will see Britain adopt the same kind of surveillance as China and Iran, police and intelligence officers are to be handed powers to monitor peoples messages online. The man who allowed 1600 hectares of carbonrich peat forest & orangutan habitat to be razed & turned into a palm oil plantation now says his decision was ''morally wrong'' & claims he did it as a wakeup call  He's also running for reelection Monday in Indonesia
 France tightens grip on super rich France, whether harking back to its revolution, or simply seething with rage at the injustices exposed by the financial crisis, now wants to lead the world in clobbering the megarich Hacktivist 'Hardcore Charlie' says he has hacked a Chinese government defense contractor and stole over 500MB worth of documents ranging from internal business memos to U.S. military transport data, including many related to the U.S. war effort in Afghanistan. Two Iranian naval warships rescue Chinese cargo ship from Somali pirates. Facing Scandal, Russian Orthodox Church Photoshops $30,000 Watch Out of Picture of the Church Leader Wearing It How Murdoch's Aussie Papers Cover Climate Change  All they have to do is create doubt in the public mind to make it much more difficult for politicians to take action.  The most negative coverage is in the Melbourne Herald Sun & the Sydney Daily Telegraph. Hamas executes 3 in Gaza on Saturday, including traitor Bosnians mark 20 years since war began with 11,541 of red chairs are standing empty along Sarajevos main avenue. Avalanche traps over 100 Pakistani soldiers army
 Chinese teenager sells kidney to buy iPhone, iPad; authorities charge 5 people  Greek photographers skull fractured while covering protest; colleagues blame riot police Freedom is Not the Property of the Liberals  
Hungarys controversial prime minister Viktor Orbn gives his 1st interview to an American journalist China admits Anonymous Hacks Anonymous tops the 2012 TIME 100 poll by over 100,000 votes! EPIC Avalanche buries 100 Pakistani soldiers on Himalayan glacier My Uncle bought a painting for 3, found an Andy Warhol original on back, could sell for 1.3 million Tunisia Two Men Sentenced To 7 Years In Prison For Posting Mohammed Cartoons On Facebook Avalanche 'buries 100 Pakistani troops' in Kashmir Germany proposing to levy extra taxes on the young to pay for the costs of the country's growing numbers of old people, under government plans for a ''demographic reserve'' levy













 Pope Rebukes Priests Who Advocate Ordaining Women And Ending Celibacy Britain's most senior Roman Catholic cleric has urged Christians to wear a cross every day, following a number of cases in which people say their employers have barred them from doing so. Germany debates upping taxes on the young to pay for the old. Turkmenistan leader wins his country's first car race Hamas 3 executed in Gaza, one for 'collaborating' with Israel Quebec bans fracking pending studies The British government is scrambling to fend off accusations of trying to turn the country into a virtual police state with plans to conduct some trials in secret and allow authorities to track the phone calls, emails, text messages and online activity of the entire population. 2 young Tunisians have been sentenced to 7 years in prison for posting cartoons of the prophet Mohammad on Facebook Ferdinand Porsche, famed sports car designer, dies at age 76 Airline declares kidfree zone Falkvinge Sweden has a fairly good reputation around the world as a good place to live. Did you know that Swedens security authority FRA wiretaps all of Swedens population, all of the time? Assailing Disobedience, Pope Says Women Won't be Ordained  Pope Benedict XVI delivered a scathing homily that reiterated the Catholic Church's ban on female priests.  While not new, it was surprisingly direct & in line with the tone that earned him the moniker God's Rottweiler. Israel's prime minister lambasted German poet and Nobel Prize laureate Guenter Grass on Thursday for saying Israel is a threat to world peace and for calling for international oversight of both Israeli and Iranian nuclear facilities. Russian Police make first arrests under new AntiGay law World News  615 dead dolphins found on Peru beaches; acoustic tests for oil to blame? Why Humans, Like Ants, Need A Tribe  Religion. Sports. War. 
On tribalism, both our greatest and most dangerous genetic inheritance. It is an uncomfortable fact that even when given a guiltfree choice, individuals prefer the company of others of the same race, nation, clan, and religion A View on Gnter Grass Why We Need an OpenDebate on Israel  Is Israel a threat to world peace?  But while the verse may not win any awards, Grass has kicked off an important  and long overdue  debate China steps up pressure to prevent attack on Iran Israeli architect of Oslo accords says Middle East peace process is over Israel's Haaretz Newspaper is reporting that ultraOrthodox rabbis and community leaders routinely use psychiatric drugs at leaders' requests, in order to bring members in line with norms Confusion at the Pumps Big Oil's Strategy for Jacking Up Gas Prices  SPIEGEL ONLINE  News  International Looting artifacts is on the rise at Apamea, Palmyra, & other archaeological sites in Syria  We have a video showing looters removing mosaics with drills. Museums are being robbed. Smuggling's a problem.  Damage to the heritage of the country is damage to the soul of its people & its identity. Murdoch's Unrivaled Hold On The Australian Press A clampdown on internet gossip in China suggests leaders fear that internal party battles could trigger wider unrest Mali is on brink of major disaster  It's on the brink of a major humanitarian disaster following a coup & rebellion in the north, Amnesty International says Austerity drives up suicide rate in debtridden Greece. Suicide rate jumped about 40% in the first five months of 2011 compared to 2010 Sky News, British Broadcaster With Murdoch Link, Admits to Hacking An Islamist leader who had a $10 million American bounty placed on his head this week has been helping Pakistan deradicalize militants under efforts to stabilize the strategic U.S. ally, a top Pakistani counterterrorism official says. A man kills four people with a sword in Hungary, wounds three others In Russia, Stalin Enjoying A Revival On School Notebooks School notebooks depicting Josef Stalin have become instant bestsellers. Critics decry the attempt to promote the brutal dictator as a Soviet hero in schools. Rupert Murdochs Sky News acknowledges hacking emails, says it was in public interest  Almost 500 websites in China have been defaced in a largescale attack staged by the Anonymous hacking group. Greece Six of the country's universities say they face immediate closure after the recent bondswap reduced their assets to zero. UK's Sky News We hacked in the public interest Egypt sends Christian student to jail for insulting Islam Retiree's Suicide Triggers Riots in Greece  Millionaire's daughter convicted for role as driver for a gang of looters during London riots Gas Prices Hit Record High in Canada  Expected to be higher by end of April.  Crude shortage is said not to be the problem. Japan nuke plant leaks radioactive water again Jim Marshall (Founder of Marshall Amps) died today at 88  New report on human trafficking 2.4 million people are being traded at any one time. 80% of those people are trafficked for sexual exploitation, while 17% are traded to perform forced labor. 2 out of every 3 victims are women, and only 1 out of every 100 victims of trafficking is ever rescued Push for the Right to Die Grows in the Netherlands  NYTimes.com New Zealand MP identifies Finland as a military threat In Hong Kong, only 1,193 of seven million people are eligible to vote for the citys chief executive.  South Sudan Shoots Down Sudanese Jet Russia's Foreign Minister Syria's opposition will never defeat President Bashar alAssad's army even if it is armed to the teeth. Greek Historic Remains Have Become 'Curse'  Faced with massive public debt, Greece is finding that its fabled antiquity heritage is proving a growing burden  with licensed digs postponed, illegal ones proliferating, museum staff trimmed, & valuable pieces stolen. Sky News admits John Darwin email hack IP Above All Else WIPO Defies UN Sanctions To Give Computers To North Korea Syrian troops launched a fierce assault on a Damascus suburb Thursday, days ahead of a deadline for a U.N.brokered ceasefire Almost all Holocaust survivors in Israel feel lonely, some 50,000 said they needed assistance on Passover eve and at least 12,000 will not have heating this holiday South Sudan claims to have shot down Sudanese jet Italian Law Pits Older Workers Against Younger Ones  Prime Minister faces his toughest challenge yet  pushing a labor overhaul. Laws all but guarantee life tenure to older workers, condemning younger ones to temporary jobs. The last 2 attempts to change the law ended in murders. Gaddafi son 'attacked in custody' in Libya, ICC lawyers say Egypt Brotherhood candidate says sharia is main goal Draconian Privacy Invasion Bill Continues to Gain Support 'The bill is touted as being much worse than SOPA when it comes to privacy invasions. CISPA also appears to include the infringement of intellectual property as a security threat warranting access to user data.' International Criminal Court says it cannot investigate alleged Israeli crimes in Gaza because Palestine is not a state. Anonymous Hundreds of Beijing's Government Websites Defaced Canada, Home To The Suicide Capital Of The World In Pikangikum, gas sniffing is rampant and young people are taking their own lives at a shocking rate. Nobel literature laureate Guenter Grass poem What Must Be Said  Israel With Its Nuclear Weapons Is A Threat To World Peace Woman sues Facebook over misuse of image. Kuwait Members of Parliament Call For Execution of Man Accused of Insulting Prophet Mohammed on Twitter In Vietnam, rhino horn costs more than cocaine.  Spain's jobless level hits record 4.75 million 'The unemployment figures released show that the situation is worse for young Spaniards....' Israel predicts few casualties from war with Iran One of China's richest men, and a close ally of Bo Xilai, the senior Chinese politician who was dramatically purged earlier this month, has been arrested for corruption.  How the West dedemocratised the Middle East  Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has turned off the 4 live webcams in his home following orders from the Chinese authorities An Upgrade, And Bigger Ships, For The Panama Canal Matterhorn disintegrating in the face of global warming Thailand bans film adaption of MacBeth due to antimonarchy overtones Canada Eliminates Penny Costing PennyandaHalf to Make  Businessweek Peru The Only Nation in the World Hitting the Sustainability Sweet Spot The Secret To Germany's Low Youth Unemployment Netanyahu backs Jewish settlers in Hebron, heightens controversy Hungary's president steps down after plagiarism scandal. Semmelweis University revoked Mr Schmitt's doctorate after a special committee concluded he had copied word for word large chunks of his 1992 thesis on Olympic history. Convicting a murderer with no dead body Israeli Foreign Minister If, God forbid, a war with Iran breaks out, it will be a nightmare How Millions Have Been Dying In The Congo  


Forget the Middle East. If you know terrible things have been happening in Central Africa for the past couple of decades, not to say the past couple of centuries, but you can't get the whole story straight in your head, this piece does it for you Commander's words shed light on Taliban views  Group's eastern leader candidly discusses Afghan forces, morality police, and how they might act if return to power. Air Asia flight loses contact with air traffic control U.S. Formally Ends War In Afghanistan Nato reply to Putin It's Russia's actions, including currently in Ukraine, which are undermining European security, we would continue to seek a constructive relationship with Russia, but that is only possible with a Russia that abides by the right of nations to choose their future freely St Petersburg residents hoard metro tokens, which are set to rise to 31 rubles this week, authorities have limited purchases to two per person. I get the feeling people are investing in metro tokens, said one passenger ISIS loses ground to Kurds in Syrias Kobane North Korea Not Responsible for Sony Pictures Hacking US Cyber Experts Passenger ferry catches fire off Greece Germany to Loan Morocco $796 Million for Two Solar Thermal Projects  The complex will supply electricity to 1.3 million people once its completed Pakistan rejects UN, EU call of halting execution of terrorists Swiss banking giant Credit Suisse can be prosecuted for its role in the US housing finance meltdown, according to a court decision which dismissed the company's bid to halt a suit. Indonesian portal reports of plane crash in Belitung Timur  The Malaysian Insider A prominent environmental activist in Trinidad who claims to have passed the 100day mark of a hunger strike said he will reject medical intervention and keep protesting a highway project he says could hurt wetlands and remote villages. Japan's newest island still increasing in size 'Barbaric' Ethnic Massacre in Assam Province Shocks Indians Ukraine shuts down faulty nuclear power plant reactor Strict Sharia law forces gays into hiding in Indonesia's Aceh Egypt's prosecutor has referred a female writer to trial for allegedly insulting Islam by criticising the slaughter of animals during a major religious festival. Happy massacre, Fatima Naoot wrote on her Facebook page in October during Eid alAdha, the Muslim feast of sacrifice. Cuba's most prominent dissidents say they have been kept in the dark by U.S. officials over a list of 53 political prisoners who will be released from jail as part of a deal to end decades of hostility between the United States and Cuba 15,000 Cars Stranded In French Alps Snow An Egyptian appeals court reduced jail sentences given to eight men over a gay wedding video that went viral on the Internet to one year each, from three years. The Turkish man who shot and injured former Pope John Paul II in 1981 has laid flowers on the late pontiff's tomb in the Vatican. Women form 94% of pickpockets held in Delhi Metro this year Lebanon hit hard by Syrian war, growing ISIL support Greece on brink of new catastrophe as PM battles to avert snap elections Antonis Samaras in desperate bid to prevent poll that could bring antiausterity party Syriza into power Japans Savings Rate Turns Negative in Challenge for Abe Solar Power Storage Prices Drop 25% In Germany In &lt;1 Year North Korea Hit Again By Internet Outage; Experts Now Doubt Its Hand In Sony Cyber Attack ARCHAEOLOGY  Massive ancient underground city discovered in Turkey's Nevehir Reopen investigation into Westminster pedophile whistleblower deaths  MP Taliban declare 'defeat' of U.S., allies in Afghanistan. British Falklands defence review after military deal between Russia and Argentina. Moscow will swap 12 Su24 supersonic, allweather attack aircraft for Argentinian beef and wheat Virgin Confirms Fault On Plane Circling Over UK Photo of 'women murdered for refusing sex jihad is fake The German chancellor's office has fallen victim to a hacking attack, according to a German newspaper. The Regin malware in question has been linked to British and US spy agencies. Thirtyseven children whose parents were killed in the recent IsraelGaza conflict have been prevented by Hamas from visiting Israel on a trip organised by peace activists. One Dead And 15,000 Stranded In French Alps IED blows up in Bangalore, high alert in India Rise of Spanish populists overturns twoparty system Iran could become a very successful regional power if Tehran agrees to a longterm deal to curb its nuclear program, President Barack Obama said in an interview with NPR News. Greek MPs have rejected the presidential candidate nominated by Prime Minister Antonis Samaras, triggering a snap general election. Islamic State executed nearly 2,000 people in six months The leader of one of Mexico's first anticrime vigilante groups was arrested along with 26 supporters over a shootout that killed his son and 10 others Gmail has been blocked in China Egyptian writer to face trial for 'insulting Islam' Reports reveal scale of destruction of Syrias world historic heritage Russia will supply coal and electricity to Kiev without advance payment ISIS executes more doctors in Mosul Russia shows first sign of recession as GDP contracts he Russian economy contracted by 0.5% in November, AirAsia plane likely 'at bottom of the sea,' says search chief AirAsia Flight's Altitude Request Was Refused Myanmar democracy icon and Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi has been elected to the country's parliament in landmark elections Romania's hospital scandal Babies left to die as doctors refuse to work without bribes Britain to Monitor Citizens Text Messages & emails  Internet companies would be instructed to install hardware to allow the Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) to go through on demand every text message & email sent, websites accessed & phone calls made in real time Planning a trip to Canada or the Caribbean? One million British travellers planning to fly to Canada, the Caribbean and Mexico this year face the risk of being turned away at the airport  at the insistence of the US DHS CIA Secret Prison Polish Leaders Break Silence About Black Site Rupert Murdochlinked pirate website targeted rivals, online file shows

Internet forums gave advice on how to hack into ITVDigital and cable television companies.
 Child witnesses to Afghan massacre say Robert Bales was not alone Colombia Bill Would Decriminalize Drug Plant Cultivation Chinese grad student hacks Indian Military research firms Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi wins byelection NLD party New strain of HIV linked to Saskatchewan deaths China is shuttering more than a dozen websites, penalizing two popular social media sites and detaining six people for circulating rumors of a coup that rattled Beijing in the midst of its worst highlevel political crisis in years. European antiIslamic rally in Denmark flops Gathering attracts less than 200 supporters as thousands of counter demonstrators clash with attendees and police. Opposition claims Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi wins a parliamentary seat in a landmark election, setting the stage for her to take public office for the first time. Falklands, Thirty Years On  

British were right to fight, but wrong not to make some compromise with newly democratic Argentina in the years that followed Malian rebels 'capture Timbuktu'  Africa  Al Jazeera English Why an easy exit from the euro is impossible. Youd think switching from the euro to a new currency could be simple. Think again.   Telegraph Ukrainian police shut down forum for malware writers Report reveals earlier problems at North Sea gas site  A report by a drilling manager published last year describes how difficult it is to pump gas from the deep Elgin field. It even explains exactly how drilling operations can damage the wells in ways that may have led to this week's leak. Putin announces competition to find Russia's best workers Britain's police are at war with the people Cyprus to Give EU Journalists Free Bank Accounts The incoming presidency giving journalists the offshore accounts to defend the island's reputation as a tax haven  Labour 'failed to connect with Asians in Bradford'  The party failed to win over young Asian voters or Muslim women.  The  opposing party attracted many Asian voters because of its opposition to the Iraq war & call for troops immediate withdrawal from Afghanistan. Libyan tribal clashes kill at least 147 people India is darling of global defense firms  India's military spending plan has arms merchants jockeying for a deal. Their only obstacles are political infighting, corruption and bureaucracy. Death toll among Qatars 2022 World Cup workers revealed | Nepalese migrants building the infrastructure to host the 2022 World Cup have died at a rate of one every two days in 2014  despite Qatars promises to improve their working conditions Fishing Supertrawlers to be banned permanently from Australian waters Indian telecommunications company Airtel violates Net Neutrality, starts charging for VoIP calls(Skype, etc.) over 2G and 3G in India North Korea's Internet is down again; second black out since last night's restoration of service Jakarta to ban virginity tests for female civil servants. Workers at Chinese iPhone factories are pressured into working 65hour weeks, made to sleep on plywood beds in bleak dormitories. The work is so exhausting that some of the estimated 15,000 workers choose to sleep through their lunch breaks instead of eating. Thousands in Spain protest ban on demonstrations, burning national flag London activists occupy 5storey former bank in London to provide shelter, clothing and food to Christmas homeless Russian Inflation Passes 10%, Indicates Pricing is Growing Faster than Expected due to Depreciating Ruble Australia records biggest emissions drop in a decade as carbon tax kicks in. Greens and conservation group say significant drop in annual emissions shows the carbon price, which was scrapped by the Abbott government, was effective Elephant ivory smuggling 'kingpin' arrested in Tanzania Ireland US courts need our permission to view emails stored on Dublin server Record numbers attend German antiIslamization rally Erdogan slams birth control use as treason Gunman fires on Paris synagogue Scientists discover oldest stone tool ever found in Turkey ISIS claims capture of Jordanian pilot after plane shot down over Syria Russian prime minister warns of 'deep recession' in 2015 Russia says France must fulfil Mistral contract or return money  agency Secret flight linking Israel to the UAE reveals 'open secret' of collaboration  A private jet is covertly flying between Tel Aviv and Abu Dhabi, which are said to be engaging in highlevel trade in the security sector Ukraine temporarily cuts off power supplies to Crimea Coalition plane 'crashes in Syria' Across the world 'Silent Night' to honor WWI Xmas Truce Elderly Nigerians Rounded Up And Shot Dead Russia May Be Cut to Junk rating as S&P Says Its Considering Downgrade A Nepalese World Cup Worker Dies Every Other Day in Qatar UK Police have arrested a 19yearold man over an offensive tweet U.S. Senate and CIA agree torture program was mismanaged Vodka Prices Putin calls for cap amid economic crisis  Says high prices encourage consumption of illegal & possibly unsafe alcohol. Uruguay Has Registered 1,200 Marijuana Growers Turkish court arrests 16yearold student for insulting President Erdoan ISIS launches new chlorine gas attack in Iraqs Anbar  report Two Saudi women detained for nearly a month in defiance of a ban on females driving were referred on Thursday to a court established to try terrorism cases A 13yearold says her father gave her to Boko Haram extremists and that she was arrested after refusing to explode a suicide bomb at a market in Kano, Nigerias second largest city in the north. Former Pirate Bay operator Fredrik Neij is currently jailed in Sweden after being captured in Thailand last month. However, according to leaked emails, the MPAA believes that the Swede could also face hacking related charges  and it doesn't stop there. Revealed Police using precharge bail to muzzle protesters Brazil's 'Chainsaw Queen' Appointed New Agriculture Minister  Ktia Abreu is a leading figure in ruralista lobby. She's called for more roads through the Amazon, govt control over demarcation of indigenous reserves, & the approval of genetically modified terminator seeds. BBC News  Jordan jet 'not shot down by IS' South Korean prosecutors are seeking to arrest the former executive at Korean Air Lines Co. who forced a flight to return over a bag of macadamia nuts and a current executive for attempts to cover up the nut rage case. Japanese 'vagina artist' charged for violating censorship laws Footage reveals Hamas rebuilding military positions USled air strikes in Syria 'kill over 1,100 militants' Indian separatist group kills more than 70 people in the northeastern state of Assam. Likud comptroller disqualifies Netanyahu from leadership race over use of party funds Chinese university bans Christmas | University in Xian forces students to watch propaganda films and to pay more attention to Chinese holidays instead ProKyiv battalions are increasingly blocking humanitarian aid into eastern Ukraine Amnesty International A Turkish play to be staged in Istanbul has had the role of a prostitute removed, reigniting the debate on state intervention in art, according to local media reports. German and British troops commemorate 1914 Christmas Truce football match Pakistan to Set up Military Courts for Terrorism Saudi women drivers sent to 'terrorism' court activists Saudis are eagerly awaiting the approval of a new draft law by the Shoura Council which prevents women under 18 from getting married. The draft law pending approval sets the age of adulthood at 18 and allows women under that age to marry only upon procuring a court order. Due to the fall in oil prices, Saudi Arabia is now running a $39 billion deficit. Bill giving government the power to shutdown the internet for 24 hours to be voted in Turkish parliament. A struggle for women's rights is brewing within Israel's deeply conservative ultraOrthodox community, where women, largely shut out of politics, are beginning to demand greater representation in the country's parliament. Putin cancels New Year's Holiday for government workers because of the ongoing financial crisis Ireland is siding with Microsoft in its legal battle with the US over personal data stored on a company server in Dublin. Ireland says American justice should respect international law and national sovereignty. More than 80 people including women and children killed in a terrorist attack in India The Syrian Army has killed nearly 5,000 Islamic State (IS) fighters in the last three months ISIS governor of Mosul killed in airstrikes Court clears way for clinically dead pregnant Irish woman to be taken off life support. A court in Mauritania has sentenced a man to death for apostasy for criticizing the Muslim Prophet Muhammed A group of four women, along with their 13 children and grandchildren, are at risk of being murdered in Papua New Guinea after being accused of witchcraft, a missionary says. China has stepped up efforts to reduce the number of coal mines, as it plans to shut down more than 2,000 mines next year and limit the number to within 10,000 by 2016. Archaeologists Have Dig Licenses Revoked After Million Mummies Claim German fossil fuel consumption and emissions at a record low Senior UN officials expelled from Sudan following UN attempts to investigate a report that government troops committed mass rape of women and girls in a Darfur village Mauritania journalist sentenced to death for apostasy Kim Dotcom Makes Deal with LizardSquad to stop attacks towards Xbox Live and PSN Ukraine peace talks called off Tibetan protests reported in China's Sichuan New Study Adds to Skepticism Among Security Experts That North Korea Was Behind Sony Hack US relocates 3,000 MRAPs, other military gear to Kuwait ahead of expected antiIS offensive Russia's new military doctrine names NATO as a key risk. Protesters in Mexico claim that German arms manufacturers exported rifles to a corrupt local police department implicated in the disappearance of 43 students A leading Russian elected official on Thursday referred to as for an investigation of the United States' atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in the course of World War II as a crime against humanity. Boy, 14, escapes ISIS by volunteering to suicide bomb Britain has surpassed France as the world's 5th largest economy since it included the amount Britains spend on prostitutes and illegal drugs. N. Korea calls Obama 'monkey,' blames U.S. for shutdown The DNA of every animal in world history will be collected in a massive scientific project, Russian researchers announced Thursday [25 December 2014]. Dubbed 'Noah's Ark,' the project will be a 'databank on all living species,' according to Moscow State University president, Dr Viktor Sadovnichy. Sweden to scrap new election confirmed Google Reveals Content Governments Asked Be Removed in Latest Transparency Report Overall, Google received 3,105 requests from world governments between July 2013 and December 2013 to wipe 14,367 pieces of content. Erdoan Nowhere in the world is media as free as in Turkey 53% rape cases filed in Delhi proven to be false Delhi commission for women Visa, MasterCard stop supporting bank cards in Crimea NATO force mistakenly kills three Afghan nomads Hamas we will liberate Palestine & Jerusalem Kidnapped Mexican priest found shot dead in Guerrero state A priest who was kidnapped in Mexico's southwestern state of Guerrero on Monday has been found shot dead, officials say. Erdogan tells Europe to stop criticising Turkey Russia says to supply coal, electricity to Ukraine Pakistans last selfdeclared Jew campaigns to save cemetery Egypt bans 'Zionist' film Exodus and cites 'historical inaccuracies' USwanted Shabab leader with a $3m bounty on his head surrenders North Korean Internet, 3G mobile network 'paralyzed' Xinhua Worst Flooding In Decades Forces Evacuation Of More Than 100,000 Malaysians Fleeing their countrys civil war, Ukrainian Jews head for Israel Israel orders outpost in West Bank to be demolished Femen activist who stole St Peters Square Jesus could face Vatican trial Israel Court Says a Settlers Outpost Must Be Razed Paris Three Jewish establishments come under attack in three days Hoping to create a new society, the Islamic State recruits entire families Sony blames cinemas for banning movie, says it WILL now try to release its comedy film about North Korean leader Kim Jongun  after President Obama urged the firm not to bow to hackers' threats Obama I think Sony made a mistake by pulling 'The Interview' FBI formally blames North Korea for Sony hack BitTorrent Offers Distribute Sonys The Interview Via Its Bundle Service Apple 'deeply offended' by conclusion of BBC's undercover investigation in Chinese factories; declines to comment but sends mass email to about 5,000 UK staff. President Barack Obama has ordered a ban on the export of goods, technology and services to Crimea. US Considers Putting North Korea Back On Terror List North Korea denies responsibility for Sony cyberattack Egypt Disputes 'Million Mummy' Discovery  Ministry of Antiquities orders work to stop at site, slams US team for making a 'million mummies' announcement. Says claims are false. Scientists at the University of Aberdeen have set a new record for the world's deepest fish, filmed in the Mariana Trench  the deepest place on Earth. The new finding was just one of several new species discovered, as well as the first footage of the mysterious 'supergiant' amphipod filmed alive. A Japanese stem cell scientist at the heart of a scandal over false claims and fabricated research has resigned. Approximately 1,000 paratroopers from the Armys famed 82nd Airborne Division will deploy to Iraq early next year to help the Iraqi security forces take on the Islamic State, the Pentagon announced Friday Pakistan hangs first pair of convicted terrorists North Korea warns of 'Grave consequences' if US refuse joint Sony hacking probe Tests confirm Cambodia HIV mass infection India to help Mongolia in modernizing weapons and tactics Israel rejects UN demand to pay Lebanon $850 million for 2006 oil spill The United Nations General Assembly approves a resolution calling for Israel to compensate Lebanon for damages caused by an IAF strike during the Second Lebanon War. China has ordered a psychiatric clinic to pay compensation to a gay man who was given electric shocks in an attempt to make him heterosexual Offshore Fukushima hit by 5.8 quake German Council of Jews condemns immensely dangerous antiIslam movement in light of recent marches Castro could visit White House, says US Turkish Police disperse teachers protest to demand respect to secular education in Ankara, detain 100 Radical environmentalists who threw acid and smoke bombs at Japanese whalers were found in contempt of court Friday for continuing their relentless campaign to disrupt the annual whale hunt off the waters of Antarctica. Russia surpassed U.S. in production of new combat planes Russia to Seek 10Year Sentence for Putin Critic An unexplained drone has been spotted flying over a Belgium nuclear facility, a day after one of the plant's reactors came back on line after a fourmonth closure caused by sabotage. Around 20 unidentified drones have been spotted over nuclear plants since October throughout France. CIA experimented on humans in black sites  Report | As the United States struggles with the fallout of the recently disclosed CIA torture report, a new analysis reveals that human experimentation was a core feature of the spy agencys torture program. Barack Obama signs massive defence budget; $1 billion to Pakistan Cuba says U.S. must respect its communist system. Father claims Scotland Yard covered up son's murder by Westminster paedophiles A former local newspaper executive claims that he was issued with an official warning in the early 1980s against reporting on an allegedly powerful paedophile ring. Facebook blocks Russian page supporting Navalny, Putin's biggest critic Ivory Coast builds 2,000 km fibre optic network, builds 5000 cyber centres throughout the country through a programme called 'One Citizen, One Computer' French police shot dead a male terrorism suspect after he stabbed and seriously wounded two officers in a police station. Obama vows 'do everything I can' to close Guantanamo CNN interview Security forces in Sweden say two separate car bomb attacks have ripped through the Scandinavian countrys southern city of Malmo, with no immediate reports of human loss Voters in Tunisia are choosing their first freely elected president in a runoff election seen as a landmark in the country's move to democracy Michelangelo's renaissance masterpiece David is at risk of collapse and will be given an earthquake proof base. More than 250 minor tremors have rattled Florence over the past three days, sparking alarm in Italy over the national treasure. Saudi Arabia says won't cut oil output even if nonOPEC nations do Google Seizes on Sony Hacked Docs to Attack MPAA Ebola death toll close to 7,400, says World Health Organisation WHO figures show more than 19,000 people infected across west Africa, with Sierra Leone accounting for nearly half of total Israel police arrest several members of the rightwing Lehava group | Israeli police have arrested several members of the extremeright group Lehava. This was the second such swoop targeting the group within the past week. Pakistan moves its soldiers off Kashmir border, pushes them to Waziristan Theresa May is to scrap the panel for the independent inquiry into child sex abuse, it has been reported. The home secretary wrote to each member of the panel to tell them she is considering turning it into a statutory inquiry, or setting up a fresh statutory inquiry or a Royal Commission. UK must probe its role in CIA torture, says UN legal expert. Pakistan Army strikes back hard after school massacre by Taliban Retaliation after the killing of more than 130 children in Peshawar targeted the Khyber tribal region along the border with Afghanistan. The Army claims at least 77 Pakistani Taliban were killed Sony Hackers Appear to Mock FBI in Latest Message French Police Kill KnifeWielding Man Who Attacked Them In Police Station, Yelling Allahu Akbar! Thousands to Attend Unsanctioned Protest Outside Kremlin Against PutinCritics Verdict German Human Rights group files criminal complaint to European Center for Constitutional and Human Rights agains architects of CIA torture plan Pirate Bay Domain Back Online, Waving a Pirate Flag Argentine Court rules Orang Utans are nonhumanpersons with human rights and therefore need to be released from zoo Peru Is Now Giving Free Solar Power To Its 2 Million Poorest Citizens New York Times calls for Cheney, Bush officials to be investigated and prosecuted for torture Pope Francis issued a blistering critique Monday of the Vatican bureaucracy that serves him, denouncing how some people lust for power at all costs, live hypocritical double lives and suffer from spiritual Alzheimers that has made them forget theyre supposed to be joyful men of God. Polio has Almost Been Completely Eradicated in African Countries  We're getting close to a huge global health milestone. CIA's how to be a travelling spy guide published by WikiLeaks | WikiLeaks has released two CIA documents offering tips to help spies maintain their cover while using false documents as they cross international borders. NKorea threatens strikes on US, warned that its 1.2 millionmember army is ready to use all types of warfare North Korea Now Claims the US Government Made 'The Interview' UK officials named in pedophile dossier Greek MP says he was offered 2 to 3 million euros to vote for Greek president. I had two meetings that were recorded. They gave me 700,000 euros in cash as a first installment and following this an agreement for bank loans, as well as contracts with an ad agency Reports that Sony will debut The Interview on Crackle are false, Mashable has learned. Six people feared dead after bin lorry crashes into pedestrians in Glasgow city centre Children are cleaning up a devastating oil spill in Bangladeshwith their bare hands Australia's new Social Services Minister Scott Morrison. His first act in new role, scraps funding for homeless and housing groups. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott names carbon tax repeal as his top achievement as Minister for Women The European Center for Constitutional and Human Rights (ECCHR) has filed criminal complaints against the officials of former US President George W. Bushs administration for running a stateorganized program of brutal torture against foreign suspects Report India weighs dropping support for Palestinians at UN in wake of closer ties to Israel Brown bears, wolves and lynx numbers rising in Europe | Environment Pakistan plans to execute around 500 militants in coming weeks, officials said Monday, after the government lifted a moratorium on the death penalty in terror cases following a Taliban school massacre. South Korea nuclear plant operator says hacked, raising alarm Czech Republic sends 5000 antitank missiles to Peshmerga Forces China sends first 700 strong infantry battalion to South Sudan for UN peacekeeping http//news.xinhuanet.com/english/china/201412/22/c_133871006.htm  #Africa Wikileaks has released two classified documents instructing CIA operatives how best to circumvent global security systems in international airports, including those of the EU, while on undercover missions. First Western journalist granted access to 'Islamic State' returns to Germany, says IS is much stronger and much more dangerous than the West realizes. North Korea's internet is offline; massive DDOS attack presumed SAUDI OIL MINISTER I Don't Care If Prices Crash To $20  We're Not Budging ISIL sex slavery has pushed women and girls from Iraq's Yazidi minority to suicide Ukraine votes to drop neutral NATO status The United States on Monday slammed North Korea as a living nightmare for its citizens at the firstever UN Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's dismal rights record. The unprecedented talks at the 15member council opened after China, Pyongyang's ally, failed to block the meeting. Oil spill sullies World Heritage Site home of the famous swimming Bengal tigers, some of the last of their kind in the world  The Sundarbans, part of world's largest mangrove forest, stretching across India & Bangladesh, have been tarnished by the 350,000liter oil spill. Russian diplomat Ukraine's renunciation of its 'nonaligned' Nato status it's an unfriendly step towards us $300,000 in gold missing from Ukraine Central Bank after swapped for lead bricks Tunisia election antiIslamist party claims victory US Corporations claim billion in Assets in Cuba. And now they want it back. Google has now forgotten more than a quartermillion URLs agreeing to about 40 percent of the requested URL removals that it has received after EU's Court of Justice issued ruling that allowed EU citizens to have search results unlinked from their names online. Algeria kills leader of jihadists behind Frenchman's beheading TV North Korea's Internet links restored amid U.S. hacking dispute UN expert calls for prosecution of CIA, US officials for crimes committed during interrogations Rock found in Russian mine containing 30,000 tiny diamonds. Bedbug bait and trap invented by Simon Fraser University scientists The police raids on Kim Dotcom's mansion were legal, the New Zealand Supreme Court has ruled Kurdish group fighting Islamic State tells America Stop calling us terrorists NASA Takes Giant Leaps on the Journey to Mars, Eyes Our Home Planet and the Distant Universe, Tests Technologies and Improves the Skies Above in 2014 Iraq TV show makes 'terrorists' confront victims Coca Cola to open Gaza factory UN Satellite images show 290 heritage sites in Syria, whose history stretches back to the dawn of civilization, have been damaged by war A German author spends time with IS jihadists and sees how confident they are to carry out their brutal plan. It is terrifying that a group could be so enthusiastic about killing hundreds of millions of people. Alibaba spent $161 million fighting fakes since 2013 Top 500 companies' carbon emissions rise despite calls for cuts | Report on worlds biggest 500 firms by capitalisation shows emissions are not in line with UN calls to avoid dangerous climate change Germany has translated the first 20 articles of the country's constitution, which outline basic rights like freedom of speech, into Arabic for refugees to help them integrate. Man Killed by Hindu Mob in India because they suspected he ate Beef. Japan says it must look after its own before allowing in Syrian refugees Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe shouts 'We are not gays' during UN address Diesel cars made by Renault, Nissan, Hyundai, Citroen, Fiat and Volvo among others emitted far more NOx in more rigorous tests, research shows Russia has conducted its first airstrike in Syria, near city of Homs, senior U.S. official tells CNN An Iranian man who was on death row for allegedly insulting the prophet Muhammad has had his sentence commuted to reading 13 religious books and studying theology for two years. A British nursing home offers its residents strippers and prostitutes, sparking a debate over sexual rights of the disabled. Young New Zealander took his own life while awaiting deportation from Australia, he had lived in Australia since the age of 4. He was placed in indefinite detention in Goulburn jail and denied mental health support. Currently 200 New Zealanders are in indefinite detention awaiting deportation. Iron Dome intercepts rocket over Ashdod Tractors, cows take over Canadian Parliament Hill as dairy farmers protest TPP UK and Saudi Arabia made a 'secret deal' to secure each others' UN Human Rights Council seats The Russian parliament on Wednesday unanimously granted President Vladimir Putin the right to deploy the country's military in Syria, a move a top Kremlin aide said related only to the air force. Montreal to dump 8 billion litres of sewage into St. Lawrence River US court dismisses 9/11 lawsuit against Saudi Arabia Chinese city hit by multiple explosions at public buildings Saudi Arabia insists Assad must go or be overthrown For the first time ever, there are now more people in Canada age 65 and over than there are under age 15 A German scientist is revoking the license to his bioinformatics software for researchers working in eight European countries because those countries allow too many immigrants to cross their borders. First of its kind study No serious adverse effects from longterm MMJ use. No evidence of harmful effects on cognitive function, or blood tests among cannabis consumers and we observed a significant improvement in their levels of pain, symptom distress, mood and quality of life Antikythera Shipwreck Yields New Cache of Ancient Treasures Norwegian terrorist and mass murderer, Anders Behring Breivik, who killed 77 people in 2011, pledges to hunger strike until death as a protest against prison conditions Quebecbased Valeant Pharmaceuticals is suspected of using the same business model as former hedge fund manager Martin Shkreli, as the price of two heart drugs is increased. Volkswagen staff acted criminally, says board member King Tut's tomb likely has hidden chamber, Egyptian official says Russia has not put its clocks back for winter this year, after President Dmitry Medvedev decided the country would stay permanently in summertime. Occupy London could be protected by Christian ring of prayer Coalition of Christian groups plan to prevent forcible attempts to remove tents outside St Paul's Cathedral
 Online hackers threaten to expose cartel's secrets   Work for free  or not at all the bitter choice for young graduates Christmas comes early for Germany after 55billioneuro accounting error The protesters seem more adult than politicians and plutocrats. With a few nylon tents and some amateurish banners, the Occupy movement has rattled the establishment
 African male rape victims speak, fight shame of war horror Saudi Prince offers $900,000 to the person who captures an Israeli soldier | Reuters

 Canada Mandatory Minimum Crime Bill Set to Pass The govt has been trying for years to pass a harsh drug crime bill that includes mandatory minimum sentences for growing as few as six marijuana plants Spanish Indignados Millions turned out for Spain's Occupy protests and inspire others abroad; Occupy Wall Street pale in size compared to their Spanish cousin, which may be taking a leading role in an increasingly globalized and coordinated movement Canadian man beaten, jailed by 1015 religious police in unprovoked attack in Saudi Arabia Horror of South Africa's 'corrective rape' Germany's 'Occupy' protesters return to voice anger  Thousands of people in Germany have rallied again to protest over the gap between rich and poor. Activists camping outside the European Central Bank in Frankfurt have vowed to remain for the next two weeks. Google refuses official requests to take down YouTube video of police brutality U.S. moves to sell attack helicopters to Turkey  ... an unusual proposal to take three AH1W SuperCobra attack helicopters from the U.S. Marine Corps inventory and sell them to Turkey.
 London's Metropolitan Police spends millions of pounds on secret spy planes capable of eavesdropping on mobile phone calls
 More Egyptians Finding It Difficult to Make Ends Meet  
40% of Egyptians say they are finding it very difficult to get by, the highest percentage to say so since the overthrow of Mubarak. Fewer than  30% of Egyptians are getting by on their present income, down from 43% in late 2010 Greens Insist Feds Should Override States & Protect Water Supply From Mining, Arguing States are ''Clearly Failing'' to Regulate the Industry  The federal government should have a ''regulatory role'' in protecting groundwater & food security from mining. Man slain in central Oslo; 'GOD' written in blood There have been violent protests in the central Chinese province of Henan after a policeman suspected of drunk driving crashed his car and killed five people Egypt anger erupts after top blogger, activist Alaa detained by military Arab League warns Assad of foreign intervention if violence continues China copes with promise and perils of onechild policy IsraeliPalestinian ceasefire reached Three Australian soldiers shot dead in Taliban sleeper agent attack in Afghanistan  A ROGUE Afghan soldier has opened fire and killed three Australian army trainers and wounded six others in the volatile south of Afghanistan, NATO and a local commander have confirmed. UNESCO gives Palestinians full membership British Prime Minister threatens to withhold international aid from antigay countries Fast cars and loose fiscal morals there are more Porsches in Greece than taxpayers declaring 50,000 euro incomes'. More revelations on the official policespread malware that Germany's Chaos Computer Club discovered in the wild and reverse engineered pretty much everything the German police said in their defense turns out to be a lie! Anonymous hackers threaten Mexican drug cartel Hacker group says it will expose identity of Zetas gang and supporters in retaliation for the kidnapping of a group member
 The destroyed Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan was responsible for the biggest discharge of radioactive material into the ocean in history, a study from a French nuclear safety institute said. US withdraws Unesco funding after it accepts Palestinian membership  Palestine secures seat in UNESCO despite US threats The US, Canada, Germany and Israel voted against the bid. Russia, China and France voted in favor... and the UK abstained UNESCO approves Palestinian membership bid One Mystery Man with radiation detector and bike Tweets two major radiation hotspots in Tokyo authorities confirm. Unesco Approves Full Membership for Palestinians Greece to hold bailout referendum Libya Confirms Chemical Weapons Found London's Met police using surveillance system to monitor mobile phones ... covering an area of 10 sq km, the system forces hundreds of mobile phones per minute to release their unique IMSI and IMEI identity codes, which can be used to track a person's movements in real time.' The Shadow Superpower  
Introduction to the shadow economic world of System D, or l'economie de la dbrouillardise. A black market economy, free of regulation and taxation. With 1.8 billion jobs and a $10 trillion global market, is it the future? An Australian man visiting China made a horrifying discovery at a restaurant in the southern city of Guangzhou a caged live koala, on sale and available braised or stewed.  China arrests 12,000 in online drug bust  Greeks threatened with power cuts if they fail to pay property tax UNESCO votes to admit Palestine; U.S. cuts off funding  The Washington Post London cops recording movements & association with mobile tracking device blanket & indiscriminate Experts say it will take at least 30 years to close Japans tsunamihit nuclear power plant
 Man jailed for posting sex images of expartner online Live koalas being sold at Chinese restaurant Palestinians win seat at Unesco China denies it is behind hacking of U.S. satellites b'Eric Arthur Blair  aka George Orwell must be proud  Thought police muscle up in Britain' b'British Muslim Immigrants More Strongly Identify With Being British Than The Rest of the Population' Irish student's fake quote on the Wikipedia is been used in newspaper obituaries around the world EU wants 'Internet G12' to govern cyberspace. (Too much information and free speech makes the ruling classes nervous?) India's Election how democracy may turn the caste system upside down. b'Dr. Kamal Labwani, a prominent political and human rights activist, is serving a 12 year sentence in Syria after an unfair trial' b'We want to leave the city, but we cannot go out because of the fighting.  We will be killed, our children will be killed, our women will be killed and these Taliban will escape.' b'Afghanistan NATO Should Come Clean on White Phosphorus' b'South Korea NIS raids 19 places related to the unification movement' b'WTF! British law requires every schoolchild to participate in an act of collective worship every 24 hours, irrespective of what the child thinks or believes...' 'Go back and die in Gaza' b'Roughly 8,000 people caught the disease, about 10% of them died and a large number of survivors were maimed by frantic, emergency treatments. The regional economy, and many businesses, got hammered.' b'Hundreds of thousands of Pakistanis flee fighting' Ghana 'prayer camps' cast out demons, chain mentally ill [video] b'North Korea vows to bolster nuclear arsenal' b'From Bangladesh to Darfur How internalised racism has permitted lighter skinned Muslims to slaughter their darker skinned coreligionists.' b'Toronto Man Charged with Attempted Murder for Unsafe Sex' b'Palestinians struggling to cope with the Israeli blockade of Gaza and the trauma of war are turning to painkillers and tranquillizers at a rate that risks triggering a wave of addiction.' 1 million people now displaced by fighting in Pakistan's northwest b'Sikh police in Britain push for bulletproof turbans' b'Gunmen kill Darfur peacekeeper during carjacking' b'Saudi beauty queen Veiled face and judged on morals' b'Sierra Leone child miners Legacy of conflict ' b'CODEPINK Mothers Day 2009 I will not raise my children to kill another mother's child' b'Gunman shoots three police, holed up in house for past 24 hours, has heaps of guns , large stocks of ammunition, and explosives. Police sending in Bull Dozer.......' Azerbaijan accidentally released election results before voting had even started. It showed President Ilham Aliyev winning 73% to the opposition's 7%. China warns US to 'stop manufacturing crises' and raise debt ceiling  China criticises mindboggling political infighting over issue of raising America's $16.7 trillion debt ceiling. A farmer commits suicide every two days in France, almost 500 in three years Armed rebels kidnap Libya's prime minister William Binney is a man on a mission. He spent nearly 30 years as a top executive in America's supersecret National Security Agency (NSA), now he wants you to know that same spy agency is pushing western democracies  including Canada  toward fascism. Girl slain after alerting police about stalker Indigenous Woman Gives Birth On Hospital Lawn In Mexico After Doctors Denied Her Care  Four U.S. whistleblowers who have met with former National Security Agency systems analyst Edward Snowden say he is settling into life in Russia and expresses no regrets about leaking highly classified information. Girls in Pakistan see Taliban victim Malala as heroine I am not sure my son will be returning to the U.S. again  Edward Snowden's Father while Speaking to Russian Press Reporters in Moscow Israel demands Yatta villagers remove solar panels. China Passes U.S. As World's Biggest Oil Importer Molotovs, tear gas and a burning bus The Black Bloc join Rio teacher protest. One local resident couldnt believe what he was seeing. He turned to me and said Theres got to be another way! US  press freedom Journalists complain about the climate of fear under Obama Government turns unable to seize Bitcoins Spanish schoolkids 'fainting from hunger' due to government spending cuts EU Human Rights boss Azerbaijan President Ilham Aliyev wins third term, opposition claims fraud Turkey Cracks Down on Cleavage As dolphin dieoff nears record high, shutdown puts investigation on ice Pakistan's Malala Yousafzai wins EU human rights prize No one at Fukushima seems to have any idea what theyre doing London Police Order Registrars To Shut Down A Bunch Of Websites Without Any Legal Basis; Threaten Registrars If They Don't Comply Canadian Alice Munro receives Nobel Prize in litterature Kidnapped Libyan PM Ali Zeidan released A team of Japanese researchers has developed a compound to suppress the formation of a protein believed to cause Alzheimers disease, according to a study published Wednesday in a British science journal. Snowden given award by former CIA agents for taking a stand against abuse of information gathering $470,000 on wardrobes, $20,000 on a bath tub and $1 million on his garden  A German Catholic bishop has upset a few people with this kind of spending Skype under investigation in Luxembourg over link to NSA 'What the Guardian is doing is important for democracy'  On Thursday the Daily Mail described the Guardian as the 'The paper that helps Britain's enemies'  Editors of more than 20 newspapers around the world respond to defend The Guardian Guardian was 'entirely correct' to publish NSA stories, says Vince Cable  Britain's Business secretary confirms Deputy PM Nick Clegg is to launch review of oversight of intelligence agencies Trapped in Qatar Footballers Describe Nightmarish Treatment Qatar, host of the 2022 WC is spending a lot of money to attract players and coaches. SPIEGEL spent time with a handful who have gone to the emirate and say they are aren't getting paid, but have been prevented from leaving the country German drug firm halts US anesthetic exports after finding it was sent for executions Richest 1 Percent Hold 46 Percent Of The World's Wealth 'Stop playing well, they'll know you're not mentally disabled', the inside story of how Spain's fake Paralympic basketball team in Sydney 2000 came to be known as the biggest cheats in history. Media analysts who made frequent appearances during the recent debate over a possible U.S. strike on Syria have ties to defense contractors and other firms with stakes in the outcome More Saudi women defy driving ban despite clerics warning that it would damage their ovaries Everyone Is Leaving Rural Scotland Because the Internet Is Too Slow Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Friday that high radiation levels have been detected near three water storage tanks at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant. Syrian rebel forces killed as many as 190 civilians and seized more than 200 hostages during a military offensive in August, Human Rights Watch says. Former Chinese President Hu Jintao is to be tried for alleged Tibetan genocide in Spanish court Mexicans Dont Want NYC Mayor Bloomberg Harassing Them About Soda Consumption Either  He's exporting his dietary fingerwagging to Mexico, & it isn't going over well. He's become a target in the debate over a proposal to impose a 1 peso (8 cent) per liter tax on soft drinks. Skype under investigation in Luxembourg over link to NSA Ten years ago, the calling service had a reputation as a tool for evading surveillance but now it is under scrutiny for covertly passing data to government agencies Wikileaks releases it's internal memo and the script of film 'The Fifth Estate' which criticises it 'Even worse than Foxconn' Apple rocked by child labour claims The World Bank Rejecting The Rule of Law Iran cancels annual anti Zionism conference Syrian rebels killed at least 190 civilians and took more than 200 hostage during an offensive in Latakia province in August, Human Rights Watch said on Friday, in what it calls the first evidence of crimes against humanity by opposition forces. French cop caught on video beating black woman and spraying tear gas in her face committed no infraction, has charges dropped Destroying for Peace OPCW, the UN's chemical weapons watchdog, wins Nobel Peace Prize against Malala Yousafzai and other significant individuals Alzheimer's breakthrough hailed as 'turning point' Malala meets Barack Obama and asks him to end Drone Strikes Google will soon put your face, name, and content in its ads BBC News  Cyclone Phailin Mass evacuations in eastern India! [It Is As Strong as Katrina, Twice as Wide as Sandy And it is About to Devastate India] Keep us in thought Reddit! Saudi Arabia's Women Driving Ban Doctor Dismisses Cleric's Claim That Driving Hurts Ovaries International Monetary Fund strongly suggests countries tax the rich to fix deficit European Utilities Say They Can't Make Money Because There's Too Much Renewable Energy New video Edward Snowden receives award from NSA, CIA, FBI and DOJ officials, breaks silence on NSA programs for the first time in Russia. Reveals new details on how mass surveillance makes us less  not more  safe. Asian nations stockpile $6 trillion safety net in anticipation of US default. Snowden drawn into Brazil investigation of alleged spying Brazil will ask the Russian government for permission to speak with Edward Snowden to learn more about U.S. and Canadian espionage activities in this country A SrebrenicaEsque Massacre Has Recently Taken Place In North Korea's Killing Fields In a reversal of its longstanding policy toward nuclear weapons, Japan, the only nation that has experienced the devastation of atomic bombings, will sign a joint statement by the United Nations calling for their abolition. The war on drugs is a broken business model Queen receives payrise after her rainyday fund is reduced to her last 1million Internet freedom on the decline around the world Arafat poisoning claim backed by journal  Lancet publishes peer review supporting findings Palestinian leader may have been poisoned by polonium. Syrian rebels accused of massacring civilians 'March Against Monsanto' Live Updates Another migrant boat sinks off Sicily, 200 people in sea BBC News High Court orders two sisters must receive MMR vaccine Dark web 'will evolve', warns UK cyber crime chief Malala Wins Sakharov Award, EU's Top Human Rights Award Japanese authorities may have underestimated by 20 percent the radiation doses workers got in the initial phase of the Fukushima nuclear power plant disaster, a Japanese newspaper reported on Saturday, citing a U.N. panel. A hedge fund that employs one of George Osborne's closest friends and best man is among the City institutions set to make millions from the privatisation of Royal Mail. Saudi woman detained for blogging & supporting women drivers in Saudi Arabia Foxconn admits labour violation at China factory Shutdown US 'Days' from Causing Worldwide Economic Disaster, says World Bank  If this comes to pass, it could be a disastrous event for the developing world, and that will in turn greatly hurt developed economies as well. 46 per cent global wealth owned by richest 1 per cent Credit Suisse Middle Class Young People to be Materially Worse of than Their Parents Degrading virginity tests on women must stop, Quebec doctors group urges France cements fracking ban A law prohibiting fracking for shale gas has been upheld by France's constitutional court, citing environmental protection World prepares for U.S. debt default Pink Floyds Roger Waters Tells His Israeli Fans, Its Apartheid Clear And Simple Tens of thousands of mainly young Israelis protest against hardliners opposed to peace with the Palestinians and mourn peaceseeking prime minister Yitzhak Rabin. A Roman bathhouse still in use after 2,000 years Fukushima Farmer Plutonium was detected all over village 25 miles from plant  Professor Something terrible, dreadful happening  Mayor Please dont tell this to the residents (VIDEO) Stopping Bank Bonuses Could Breach Top Bankers' Human Rights, Warns Bank Of England China has signed a 350billionyuan (45 billion euro) currency swap agreement with the European Union, marking a major step in internationalizing its currency More disclosures about Canada's aggressive foreign spying activities are coming, suggests Glenn Greenwald . . . 'There is a huge amount of stuff about Canada in these archives because Canada works so closely with the NSA,' Mr. Greenwald, who lives in Brazil, told The Globe and Mail in an interview U.S. citizen found dead in Egyptian prison Reallife 'Captain Phillips' Says HighSeas Piracy Also Thrives in South America and Spain, Not Just Somalia Snowden mass surveillance making us less safe From Silicon Valley to the South Pacific, counterattacks to revelations of widespread National Security Agency surveillance are taking shape, from a surge of new encrypted email programs to technology that sprinkles the Internet with red flag terms to confuse wouldbe snoops. Cyclone Phailin, India Google has launched a 'Person Finder' to help those displaced by the storm to reconnect with their families. It is an open source software that allows individuals to post and search for the status of relatives or friends affected by a disaster. The Plight of the Pangolin One of the planet's most extraordinary and intelligent animals is being hunted to extinction. Believed to be the world's most trafficked animal, a single pangolin can fetch as much as $7,000 on the black market. A Eureopean Union study has found 600,000 unemployed migrants are living in Britain  a 42 per cent rise. Chile indigenous groups mark Columbus Day with protests Global 'March Against Monsanto' rallies activists Russian officials have been threatening Ukraine with dire consequences, if it signs a free trade / association agreement with the EU in Vilnius Gaza tunnel uncovered inside Israel, says army French headmaster forced out of Qatar after 'antiMuslim' charges Not a single byte should leave Germany  Communication giants puts forward plan to combat NSA spies with Germanonly network hubs China state media blasts US shutdown, calls for a deAmericanized world NSA backlash sparks new technology. Antisurveillance technology created in light of NSA expose Research finds that giving money to the poor reduces poverty. CIA asset implicated in 1985 murder of undercover DEA agent in Mexico Radiation experts confirm polonium on Arafat clothing Nobody wins African prize for good governance  for 4th time in 5 years Former director general of Nobel Peace Prize winner OPCW, on his ousting in 2002 the Bush administration [feared] that chemical weapons inspections in Iraq would conflict with Washingtons rationale for invading it New York Times says UK tried to get it to hand over Snowden documents China U.S. fiscal failure warrants a deAmericanized world German bishop faces grilling over lavish lifestyle. A German bishop was in Rome on Monday to explain himself to Pope Francis after facing multiple calls to resign over embezzling $42 million in church funds. 3 million Spaniards getting by on just 307 ($416) a month. Spain's rich poor divide is now the widest in Europe. India Seizes Armed Antipiracy Ship Owned by U.S. Security Firm GCHQ is probably intercepting legally privileged communications between lawyers and their clients, according to a detailed claim filed on behalf of eight Libyans involved in politically sensitive compensation battles with the UK The perfect epitaph for establishment journalism 'If MI5 warns that this is not in the public interest who am I to disbelieve them?', says the former editor of The Independent BBC News  Malaysia court rules nonMuslims cannot use the word 'Allah' In Indonesia, Environmentalists See a Disaster in the Making  Near a palm oil plantation, bulldozers & chainsaws can be heard in what is officially protected forest. With few areas left for expansion, loggers are denuding the land. Snowden leaks MI5 chief accused of using 'foolish selfserving rhetoric'  Former DPP Lord Macdonald dismisses Andrew Parker's claim that greater scrutiny would harm intelligence agencies The 12 Least Ethical Companies In The World Covalence's Ranking Chinese tourists arrested in Paris after trying to pay for hotel room with coins Moscow riots follow murder blamed on migrant  Chants of Russia for the Russians and White Power. IMF eyes tax potential of the world's superrich China surpasses the United States as worlds largest net oil importer France prepares for war in the Central African Republic China state media blasts US shutdown, calls for a 'deAmericanized' world ...without striking a viable deal to bring normality to the body politic they brag about, it is perhaps a good time for the befuddled world to start considering building a deAmericanized world, Somali Pirate Warlord lured to Brussels Airport, Belgium, under pretext he was signing a movie deal about his life. He came. Got arrested. (English, translations available) In a single day, the N.S.A. collects an estimated 500,000 buddy lists from chat services as well as 444,743 email address books from Yahoo, 105k from Hotmail, 82k from Facebook, 33k from Gmail and 22k from unspecified other providers. Millions of Americans are impacted, yet no law authorizes it. Greenwald on Snowden Leaks The Worst Is Yet to Come Edward Snowden Is a Patriot ExNSA CIA, FBI and Justice Whistleblowers Meet Leaker in Moscow Islam does not allow terrorism at any cost. Islam condemns all violence and terrorism plaguing the world today. Muslims should demonstrate a love for peace and unity. Grand Islamic cleric at annual Hajj pilgrimage. NSA Leaks Prompt Rethinking of U.S. Control Over the Internet's Infrastructure Microphone bomb kills Afghan governor during mosque speech Qatar detained two Germans who filmed World Cup labour conditions The European Space Agency has unveiled plans to take 3D printing into the metal age by building parts for jets, spacecraft and fusion projects. Latest Snowden Leaks NSA collects millions of email address books globally Methlike substance found in popular workout supplements Further proof emerges of Turkeys genocide MINING billionaire Andrew Forrest has gifted a staggering $65 million  believed to be the nation's largest single philanthropic donation  to attract the world's best minds to Western Australia's universities. 7.2 Earthquake strikes The Philippines Ethiopian utopian village goes against the grain a community where gender equality is crucial, where organized religion is banished, and where work and development are of the upmost importance...run by way of committees where 50percentplusone vote majorities decide all bylaws and decisions School bribes pupils to take religion classes with paintball and excursions 12yearold boy's letter to newspaper goes viral Jos Bustani, founding director of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (which just won the Nobel Peace Prize), was ousted by the Bush administration in 2002 because he was a roadblock to war  since, as Bustani now explains, everybody knew Iraq had no chemical weapons Bubonic plague epidemic possible in Madagascar Swiss scientists say Yasser Arafat's belongings have traces of polonium210, supporting possibility that Palestinian leader was poisoned with radioactive substance  Lancet paper North Americas Largest City Moves to Legalize Pot Legislators in Mexico City, the largest city in North America, are preparing to push through certain measures that would decriminalize and regulate the consumption of marijuana in the Mexican capital Rogers telephone bill ruins credit rating of man who doesn't have Rogers account Typhoon Wipha, packing winds of up to 144 kilometers per hour near its center, is on a path that will take it toward the precarious Fukushima nuclear power plant. Taliban launches 'multiple rocket fire' on US Bagram airfield in Afghanistan China confirms new human H7N9 infection The Russia Left Behind France finds Church of Scientology guilty of organized fraud despite religious freedom claims Glenn Greenwald is leaving The Guardian to launch his own news organization, which already has substantial monetary backing Divers have recovered what may be a 570kg chunk of the space rock that exploded over Chelyabinsk earlier this year. The object is thought to have plunged into Lake Chebarkul leaving a 6mwide hole in the ice. If confirmed, it would be the largest fragment of the meteorite yet found. Brazilian judge rules in favour of farmers against Monsanto Jihadi Work Accident Two AlShabaab Suicide Bombers Planning To Attack World Cup Qualifying Match Accidentally Blow Themselves Up While Preparing Attack Transparency International calls on German President to intervene after BMW gives almost $1million to politicians who then block law to limit car emissions End of Swiss bank secrecy, black money information to be shared Iraq War death toll near 500K, new study estimates Germanys Bishop of Bling  Pope Francis has summoned a spendthrift German bishop to Rome to answer for his excesses, including a $3 million marble courtyard at his new headquarters with fountains spouting holy water. Using militarygrade helicopters, nightvision equipment and guns fitted with stealth silencers, organized crime syndicates are taking rhino poaching to a whole new level BP oil spill ExHalliburton manager pleads guilty to destroying evidence The Canadian Government Is Spying on Behalf of the Energy Industry Colombian Street Gangs Kidnap Girls and Auction Off Their Virginity Brazilian government to ditch Microsoft in favour of bespoke email system Snowden leaks David Cameron urges committee to investigate Guardian. Thai Police Are Shocked, Shocked After Rihanna Exposes Their Country's Sex Shows Iraq war claimed half a million lives, peerreviewed medical study finds 93 dead as 7.2 magnitude quake hits Philippine tourist islands Malala Yousafzai to get honorary Canadian citizenship GoDaddy Pulls Lavabit's Security Creds Because The FBI Got Ahold Of Its Encryption Keys Dutch diplomat assaulted in Russia The number of cockroach farms in China is growing I just want to have a future. Anger in France as Roma girl gets kicked off a bus during a school trip and deported back to Kosovo Fukushima Industries said Tuesday it was rethinking its Fukuppy mascot, after the Internet erupted in sniggers over a name that recalls the catalogue of mishandling at the Fukushima nuclear plant. Lavabit comes back online for 96 hours to allow users to download their data. The 'window' is open until 19 October. German filmmaker imprisoned for exposing dire Qatar World Cup worker conditions Scotland Now Receives 40 Percent of its Power from Renewables Senior gay Dutch Diplomat (60) Tied down and beaten up in his Moscow home. LGBT written in lipstick on his mirror. Pope Francis to Auction his Harley Davidson Motorcycle to Benefit Homeless Kenya to microchip all rhinos' horns to beat poachers Documents reveal NSAs extensive involvement in targeted killing program Largest Star ever found in the universe about to go supernova 16000 ly from Earth Brazil's biggest drug cartel promises a 'World Cup of terror' as violent demonstrations take over the streets... The threat was issued by the First Capital of the Command in Sao Paulo... Gang was behind the murder of more than a hundred of the city's police Some 30 million people are enslaved worldwide, trafficked into brothels, forced into manual labor, victims of debt bondage or even born into servitude, a global index on modern slavery showed on Thursday [17 October 2013]. Almost half are in India New EU rules to curb transfer of data to US after Edward Snowden revelations  Regulations will make it harder to move European data to third countries, with fines running into billions for failure to comply Kim Jong Un's Luxurious 'SevenStar' Lifestyle Of Yachts, Booze And Food North Korean dictator Kim Jongun enjoys a sevenstar lifestyle of yachts, parties and extravagant food, his friend Dennis Rodman has revealed. Deaf 10yearold girl trafficked to UK, kept in cellar and raped by pensioner Romanian villagers occupy site to prevent Chevron 'fracking'. Chevron decides to suspend its activities (update in comments) 10 reasons not to trust claims UK national security is being threatened by media covering whistleblower leaks British Gas hikes prices by 9.2%  with customers' annual bills set to rise by over 120  It'll leave average annual bills at a record high, forcing many more hardup households into fuel poverty. Energy giant denies accusations of profiteering, blames external factors. 2% of China's public consumes onethird of world's luxury goods 95 Bushfires burning throughout New South Wales, Australia. Hundreds of homes lost. Amnesty has urged Iran not to go ahead with a repeat execution for a drug smuggler who survived a botched hanging. The condemned man was found alive in a morgue after being hanged at a jail in the city of Bojnord last week. He is now being nursed to recovery in preparation for his repeat execution. Man from Kiribati Applying to High Court of New Zealand to be Granted Asylum as Climate Change Refugee  has three children who will live long enough to see Kiribati disappear under the Pacific Ocean National study suggests Finland is the first country in the world to start to get fitter  a reduction in obesity rates Turkey blows Israels cover for Iranian spy ring 5 major bush fires are still burning in NSW, Australia; spreading towards houses and has already shut down Newcastle Airport White House says Iran sounds serious in nuclear talks EU says Palestinian Authority lost 2.5 billion euros of aid over the last four years Bishop Christopher Senyonjo, Excommunicated Ugandan Priest, Says American Missionaries Feed LGBT Hate