 Hamas executes six suspected collaborators with Israel; body dragged through street  San Jose Mercury News Moscow bans protest against political repressions 'due to lack of political repression' After 8 more rhinos were slaughtered over the weekend, South African army deployed to assist in the war against poaching.  So far a staggering 570 rhinos have been killed this year within the country's borders. Marijuana legalization or decriminalization backed by most Canadians poll  thestar.com B.C Marijuana tax could net billions if pot is Legalized Dutch govt scraps `weed pass' for coffee shops. Dopeselling coffee shops in Amsterdam won't be shutting their doors to foreign visitors, a huge relief to the hundreds of thousands of tourists who enjoy a toke or two in the Dutch capital alongside their excursions on the canals and to the museums. National anguish at death of five Chinese street children The deaths of five street children who poisoned themselves after lighting a fire to fend off the cold have triggered an outpouring of online grief and reinforced a national debate over Chinas growing wealth gap.  India hangs Mumbai gunman Ajmal Kasab The video of a teenage girls random assault that has London up in arms. British police have released this very disturbing video, reportedly captured by a nearby closedcircuit camera, of a man attacking a 16yearold girl for what authorities say is no discernible reason. Norway to cull the 25 wolves in their country Volcano erupts in new zealand. Mohammed Kasab, the sole surviving gunman from the 2008 Mumbai attacks, has been hanged in an Indian prison Iranian news agency says the head of Iran's powerful Revolutionary Guard has disclosed his country has given fighters in Gaza the ability to produce longerrange missiles on their own, without direct shipments Iran says Palestinians in the Gaza Strip should be equipped to defend themselves against Israel. World's Most Expensive Coffee, Made of Feces, is Tainted by 'Horrific' Civet Abuse  They're kept in tiny cages, separated from their young, & forcefed only coffee cherries. Kopi Luwak surged in popularity since 2007 film 'The Bucket List' (xpost from r/nature) Singapore taxi driver returns $900k left by passengers
 A Pakistan court threw out all charges against a Christian girl accused of blasphemy in a case that drew international condemnation New Zealand's 'Lord of the Rings' Volcano Erupts A French news magazine has accused the US government of hacking into the office of Nicolas Sarkozy in the final weeks of his presidency of France. IraqiKurd tensions soar after firefight. A shootout over an unpaid gasoline bill in this small but hotly contested town has sent tensions soaring between the Iraqi government in Baghdad and the northern region of Kurdistan, threatening to ignite the ArabKurdish conflict that many have long feared. Libya Benghazi police chief assassinated NATO says Turkey has asked for missile defense against Syria
 Dozens who protested in Yemen during Arab Spring still missing Melbourne bus racist abuse video puts Australian attitudes on trial Violence Against Women in Latin America Getting Worse  Femicides in Mexico, Guatemala, & Honduras have all shot up, some of the highest rates in the world.  El Salvador has  biggest spike, with 637 women murdered in 2011, almost quadruple  from a decade ago. 


 Israel air force drops leaflets across Gaza City warning residents to evacuate homes immediately Trump hotel in Canada failing, investors suing after 7 years and no building The rising scream of pain emanating from the people of eastern Congo, trapped in a horrific and accelerating cycle of murder, mutilation, rape, exploitation and mass displacement, is barely heard. France Stripped Of Prized 'AAA' Credit Rating By Moody's Two women are arrested in Mumbai one for making a Facebook post, the other for liking her friend's post The day I saw 248 girls suffering genital mutilation Australia 'cracked topsecret US jet fighter codes' The British governments increasingly obstinate stance on criminalizing insults seems to have finally offended the public. Now an official movement, the Reform Section 5 campaign, is drawing support from all levels of society. As Hamas confronts Israel, its Arab support swells   110 UN countries back ending death penalty Billionaire Indian Brothers kill each other after an argument escalated into a gun fight  Moscow Bans 'Political Repression' Protest  'No Such Thing' A chilling article by Gilad Sharon, son of the former Israeli prime minister, in the Jerusalem Post says Israel must flatten Gaza like the US flattened Japan. France ends combat mission in Afghanistan More than 1,000 new coal plants planned worldwide, figures show. The huge planned expansion comes despite warnings from politicians, scientists and campaigners that the planet's fastrising carbon emissions must peak within a few years if runaway climate change is to be avoided US defends Israeli attacks on Gaza at UN MP Peter Lilley has received over $400,000 in oil company share options  
Analysis shows full extent of climate sceptic's financial interests in oil industry & places committee role under further scrutiny Mob's racist tirade against bus passenger caught on camera; Melbourne, Australia
			News.com.au New law in India seek to help untouchables by banning contruction of nonflushing toliets or hiring them to remove human excrement by hand Widower calls for independent investigation into death of Savita Halappanavar  criticises investigation by Health Service Executive because the team appointed includes employees from Galway University Hospital where his wife died Canada Introduces tougher AntiCannabis Laws After Savita Halappanavar's death, the brutal irony of 'prolife' is exposed Poland has arrested a person it said was planning a terrorist attack targeting the country's parliament, president and government. Special conference at 900 GMT Moody's downgrades France's credit rating to AA1 Pakistan acquits girl of blasphemy charges
after police accused cleric of framing her b'The leader of the Tamil Tiger rebels, Velupillai Prabhakaran, is dead' b'Former Mexican President Vicente Fox urges the decriminalization of marijuana in both Mexico and the US, saying it cant be that the only way is for the state to use force.' Water is becoming privatized and may soon be on the open market as a commodity. The world is running out of water and we need to spread the word and take action. Watch this Documentary called Flow For the Love of Water and see the Truth behind the World's Water Supply b'Canadian detectives beer knowledge leads to jail for U.S. pedophile' b'I give it 72 hours tops before 4chan has hacked and ripped this entire database.' b'Banks like Citigroupowned Banamex get away with charging Mexican credit accountholders usurious interest rates of up to 100 percent. '  Sabotage hits Britain's biggest cycle race b'Leading Muslim Scholars in Pakistan Denounce the Taliban' Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi on trial  b'(UK) Rise in use of drug tests to sack staff without redundancy pay' Maoists Storm Nepal's Parliament b'Lithuania gets first woman head of state' b'Thousands Displaced By War In Pakistan' b'Pakistan Is Rapidly Adding Nuclear Arms, U.S. Say' Iran's spiritual leader discourages electing a proWestern president b'150 newly elected MPs in India have criminal records' b'Former prime minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto was assassinated on the orders of the special death squad formed by former US vicepresident Dick Cheney, which had already killed the Lebanese Prime Minister Rafique Al Hariri and the army chief of that country' A Philippine Navy Lieutenant is currently in hiding out fear for her life after exposing her country's military embezzling of millions of dollars in US aid intended to fight Islamic fundamentalist terrorism in the region b'Australian topless bathing ban urged' b'Guatemala Thousands protest over allegations president had lawyer murdered' b'James Lull, Ponzi Scammer, Drives Truck Off Cliff The Day Of His Sentencing' b'Darfur rebel leader surrenders to war crimes court; Sudanese president continues to refuse cooperation' b'Woman, 66, defends right to have baby!' b'Indian markets surge on Congress win' b'The hijacking of merchant ships by Somali pirates has forced the world to take notice of a country thats been in a violent downward spiral for decades. Is there any hope for Somalia?' Russia threatens to supply Iran with top new missile system as 'cold war' escalates b'South Ossetia says it will join North OssetiaAlania as a federal subject of Russia' b'Russia says recognition of S.Ossetia, Abkhazia irreversible' b'Canada's slave trade, workers packed into filthy accommodations, denied pay and threatened with deportation' Now it's the citizen snoopers British councils recruit unpaid volunteers to spy on their neighbours b'40,000+ Passengers left stranded by the collapse of the longhaul budget airline in Britain and Canada' b'South Ossetian police tell Georgians to take a Russian passport, or leave their homes' b'Russia calls for more observers in Georgia' b'Unemployment and poverty on the rise in Berlin' b'Despite mounting antigovernment protests, Thai PM Samak refuses to resign' b'Drug Violence Alters the Flow of Life in Mexico ' b'The operation ... was halted recently in connection with plans for an impending US air attack on Iraq. writes the Netherlands' biggest newspaper. [NonLinkedJacked]' b'Georgia quits Moscow 1994 ceasefire agreement' b'During the month of August they (hitmen) killed eight US citizens and injured five more in the Mexico border city of Ciudad Juarez '  Russia's propaganda warfare b'US and Russian airliners narrowly avoid midair collision over the Atlantic.' b' Southwest China quake kills 15, scores injured' b'Georgia The truth slowly surfaces' b'Italy plans major Libya investment to turn page on colonial era' b'Russian  intelligence Israeli jets, flying from an airbase in Georgia, to bomb Tehran with munitions armed with weapons grade anthrax. ' b'Are Moldova and Ukraine at Risk? ExSoviet States Fear Russian Aggression' b'Under the guise of true heroism Gaza blockadebusting boats planning a second voyage' b' Tibetans fast for peace, Dalai Lama still in hospital' b'Economy at 60year low, says Darling. And it will get worse.' b'Azerbaijan to transport some oil through Iran instead of Georgia one example of how Iran benefits slightly from the war' Exposed 'Full Range of Collusion' Between Big Oil and TTIP Trade Reps new documents reveal that EU trade officials gave U.S. oil giant ExxonMobil access to confidential negotiating strategies considered too sensitive to be released to the European public Putin Commercial scale oil smuggling into Turkey to become a priority target of Russia's antiISIS strikes Bill Gates will invest as much as $2 billion in new clean energy partnership with US and India Nestle landed in more trouble late on Friday after a Uttar Pradesh laboratory alleged that samples of its pasta were found to have lead beyond permissible limits. Pope Francis God must never be used to justify hatred and violence Researches are now 90% sure there is a previously undiscovered chamber hidden in King Tutankhamun's tomb UK could be prosecuted for war crimes over missiles sold to Saudi Arabia that were used to kill civilians in Yemen China is crushing the U.S. on renewable energy  According to new data, China's clean energy investment over the last year outpaced that of the U.S., the U.K., & France combined. Syrian Turkmen commander who 'killed' Russian pilot turns out to be Turkish ultranationalist France puts 24 climate activists under house arrest ahead of UN talks Vladimir Putin accused Turkey of allowing ISIS jihadists to run a living oil pipe across its border as he upped the ante in the row over the downing of a Russian jet. Austrian Foreign Minister openly criticized Saudi Arabia over its human rights record, citing inhuman punishment. Also urged Saudi Arabia to create more opportunities for the relocation of the Syrian refugees in the Middle East, saying the kingdom has not done enough A boobytrapped mass grave containing the bodies of at least 110 people from the minority Yazidi sect has been found in northern Iraq, officials say. Eighteen village councils in northern India are demanding a local CocaCola bottling plant be prohibited from extracting water from the ground, claiming its over usage has led to water scarcity in the area Prominent Lawyer Shot Dead in Turkey France accepts Russian replacement for police dog killed in Paris attack Belgian Physicists Calculate that Everyone Is Lying About the Downed Russian Jet. Using video of the incident and the maps provided by Turkish and Russian officials, they show in a post on a blog run by KU Leuven that what went down couldnt possibly have happened as both parties present it. Nearly 1,000 'security risks' denied entry to France since Paris attacks Cruelty of the Tokyo 'euthanasia centre' for stray dogs where animals suffer for fifteen minutes before they die from suffocation in canine 'gas chamber' Putin Says Israel and Russia Will Continue Sharing Intelligence on AntiTerrorism The president of Paraguay has fired the head of the country's indigenous affairs office after he apparently kicked an indigenous woman. Five days after saboteurs blew up power lines in southern Ukraine plunging Russianannexed Crimea into an energy crisis, all four damaged pylons are out of action and engineers say they need a political decision to restore supplies Martin Shkreli Breaks His Promise To Lower The Price Of HIV Drug More that 700 people were killed in jihadist attacks worldwide in three weeks Suicide bomber kills at least 21 people in attack on Shia Muslim procession in Nigeria's Kano state, officials say Two prominent journalists in Turkey face charges of espionage after publishing video that allegedly showed trucks, belonging to the state intelligence agency, carrying ammunition to Syrian militants Australia slams Japans decision to resume Antarctic whaling  Environment minister says Tokyo cannot unilaterally decide to ignore scientific advice & international court of justice ruling to hunt & kill 333 minke whales ISIS mocked with rubber ducks as internet fights terror with humour Ban On Tuna Labeled DolphinSafe Shows How TPP Will Crush Consumer Rights ... dolphinsafe labeling of tuna managed to reduce annual deaths of the mammals from over 100,000 to only 3,000 but the World Trade Organization just effectively nullified this critical program Putin orders sanctions against Turkey Turkish human rights lawyer shot dead during press conference. Mystery ghost fleet washes up in Japan Eleven ships containing 20 dead sailors are discovered off the coast... and nobody can explain why Russian air strike hits busy market in Idlib province Iran orchestra barred over women musicians A highprofile performance in Iran by the Tehran Symphony Orchestra was cancelled at the last minute because it was due to feature female musicians, its furious conductor said on Sunday. Turkey Arrests Generals for Stopping SyriaBound Trucks 'Filled With Arms' Thousands Protest Arrest of 2 Turkish Journalists on Spying Charges Brazil to sue miners BHP and Vale for $ 5.2 billion following bursting of dam Syria army says Turkey increases arms shipments to rebels Spain Approves 'Sun Tax,' Discriminates Against Solar PV Oman has scored zero in the global terrorism index, which reflects well on its safety and security against terrorist threats, according to the Global Terrorism Index 2015 released recently by the Economics and Peace Institute. Meanwhile, no Omani has joined ISIS, according to a monitoring group Migrants attack Macedonian police as construction of Greek border fence begins British war planes 'could be bombing Isis in Syria within 72 hours' Hrriyet columnist faces up to five years in prison for insulting President Erdoan Eyewitness No IS group in Aleppo, so who is Russia bombing? Turkeys President Erdogan says Putin has not returned his phone call Probe begins after Arabic graffiti found on four easyJet planes in France Hong Kong's 'pink' dolphins under threat from airport and Macau bridge Conservationists fear Hong Kongs unique dolphins are at risk of disappearing due to loss of habitat and pollution from two major construction projects. RussiaUkraine row over Crimea escalates as Moscow cuts coal to Kiev Kremlin says Putin 'fully mobilized' to tackle threat from Turkey Bill Gates to pledge $1 billion for 'clean energy' Putin calls Turkey 'accomplices of terrorists' after Russian jet shot down Fighter jet goes down in flames near Syrian border Turkey's Haberturk TV footage Nestl admits slavery and coercion used in catching its seafood France's leading Muslim body called Tuesday for imams to require a permit to preach and for a new religious body to fight back against jihadist propaganda. The country's imams should be given a certificate  like a driving licence  that ensured they promoted a tolerant and open Islam. Reports of Russian helicopter downed during search for fighter jet pilot. Vladimir Putin warns of 'serious consequences' following Turkey shooting down Russian jet West should learn from Iraq and Libya, says Russian envoy Vladimir Morozov.We can remember Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. In both cases, it was said that if you remove the dictator, the country will prosper. The result as we can see is quite different, he said Russia to cut off natural gas to Ukraine Secret cell of British Muslim women encouraging others to join Islamic State exposed US issues worldwide travel alert Eating less meat only way to save planet, warns climate think tank We cannot avoid dangerous climate change unless consumption trends change. NATO calls 'extraordinary meeting' after Turkey downs Russian jet Young 'to be poorer than parents at every stage of life' Taiwanese beauty queen kicked out of Miss Earth pageant for refusing to change 'Taiwan ROC' sash to 'Chinese Taipei' New chemical attack fears as Paris health authority reports protective suits stolen from hospital Boy dies of Ebola in Liberia, first such fatality in months Government is ignoring ISIS recruitment in Ireland says top Muslim cleric More Mexicans leaving US than arriving Russia's Lavrov cancels scheduled visit to Turkey French police Explosive belt without detonator found in southern Paris suburb of Montrouge Putin Russia will not tolerate such crimes as attack against its Sukhoi24 plane Bomb explodes outside Greek business federation offices in Athens police Sweden set to tighten asylum rules for refugees Israel nuclear weapons arsenal includes 115 warheads, according to a new report by the Institute for Science and International Security, a Washington, DCbased think tank Norway to raise taxes to pay for refugees I gave the order myself  Turkish PM on downing Russian plane 'Severe blow' Al Qaeda suicide bomber takes out leadership of key ISIS brigade Depressed Elephant Has Been Living In A Concrete Cell For 61 Years Hackers knock out ISIS's Dark Net propaganda site BBC Downed plane pilot denies Turkey warning Iranian Authorities Overrule Husband, Allow Female Soccer Captain To Travel To World Cup Event All Russian tourist agencies stop selling Turkey trips, cancel charter flights Turkey downed Russian fighter jet to protect ISIS oil sales Putin Russian lawmakers submit bill to hold to account anyone who denies Armenian genocide RIA Syrian and Russian special forces have rescued the second pilot of a Russian warplane shot down by Turkey and he is now at a Russian air base in Syria Turkish military release radar image tracking Russian fighter jet over Turkish territory before attack. Radar shows Russian jet only over Turkey for 10 seconds. All Russian bombers in Syria will now be escorted by fighters. Russia bombards Syrian rebels near site of downed Russian jet Gambia bans female genital mutilation Greece Agrees With Russian Assessment of Turkey's 'Unfriendly' Actions No war with Turkey  Russia condemns planned provocation and expresses disappointment over Ankara prioritizing contact with NATO Syrian military source says rebels making heavy use of U.S.made antitank missiles paid for by Saudi Arabia and supplied via Turkey Flight data released by Russian Ministry of Defense shows that the Su24 never entered Turkey. Erdogan We didn't know warplane was Russian US says it cannot coordinate with Russia until they stop killing so many civilians and moderate rebels. Russia to stop air communication with Turkey Europe should take no more refugees, says French prime minister NATO backs Turkey over Russian aircraft Over 1/2 the world's primates on brink of extinction  International experts call for urgent action to protect mankind's closest living relatives. Highlight threat to lesserknown apes & monkeys from largescale habitat destruction & illegal wildlife trade Archeologists in Croatia announced their discovery of a 3,500yearold sunken town in Adriatic Sea near Zadar, a southern coastal city. Turkey's Erdogan says Russia should apologise after jet downing  CNN Turkish army releases audio of warnings to downed Russian plane Turkey won't apologize for downing Russian jet, Erdogan says. Russia holding up Turkish goods at border as relations sour  Reports of hundreds of trucks bringing Turkish goods stranded ISIS releases video claiming war on over 60 nations. Turkey moves 20 tanks to its border and sends 18 fighter jets on patrol as Russia crisis continues Iraqi forces cut last ISIS supply line into Ramadi by retaking bridge | News , Middle East The United Arab Emirates has secretly dispatched hundreds of Colombian mercenaries to Yemen to fight in that countrys raging conflict, adding a volatile new element in a complex proxy war that has drawn in the United States and Iran. Russia accuses Turkey of 'hypocrisy' after Erdogan admits airspace violation 'does not justify attack' Islamic State riles China by recognizing Taiwan in new propaganda video Canada's PM Trudeau refuses to point finger at Russia over tensions with Turkey Russian jets hits aid trucks in Syria India's poverty rate falls to 12.4%, electricity plays big role Venezuelan opposition politician shot dead Eagles of Death Metal will finish their Bataclan set in Paris TTIP talks EU alleged to have given ExxonMobil access to confidential papers  Documents and emails obtained by the Guardian reveal collusion between Brussels and industry over the fossil fuel push in free trade negotiations In the Italian countryside, not far from Pisa, a vast experiment is about to be switched on. If it's a success, one of Albert Einstein's greatest predictions will have been directly observed for the first time. If it fails, laws of physics might have to be reconsidered The Islamic State group (ISIS) is on its last breath in the city of Ramadi, where it is blowing up homes to punish young men who have fled and joined the Iraqi Army, an Iraqi officer and the government said. Brazilian police on Wednesday arrested the government's leader in the Senate for allegedly obstructing the investigation into a corruption scandal at stateowned oil company Petrobras Britain offers France use of airbase in Cyprus to support air war on ISIS in Syria Ukraine has banned all Russian planes from using its airspace and exports of Russian gas to Ukraine have been halted by statecontrolled giant Gazprom. A painful chapter in Quebecs history has concluded with the release of a detailed report on how corruption infiltrated every corner of the provinces multibilliondollar public construction industry and seeped from the biker gangs and the mafia into bureaucracy and politics. Turkish newspaper editor in court for 'espionage' after revealing weapon convoy to Syrian militants Russia fully suspended from world athletics after accepting an indefinite ban from the sport $750/pill pharma company reverses decision to lower drug price  Turing will offer hospitals and patients discounts, but high list price stands. Saudi Arabia just promised to sue anyone who compares their justice system to Isis CocaCola's chief scientist and heath officer leaves after being caught setting up a nonprofit which downplayed the role of sugary drinks in the obesity epidemic Swedish court 'We cannot ban Pirate Bay' After deliberating for almost a month on the closelywatched case, the District Court of Stockholm ruled that copyright holders could not make Swedish ISP Bredbandsbolaget block Pirate Bay. Two journalists arrested in Turkey for story on weapon loaded Turkish intelligence trucks bound for Syria Turing's $1 a pill Daraprim competitor sells well; Impris considers producing cheap versions of other price gouged drugs French ban on Muslim headscarves is upheld by human rights court after woman sacked for refusing to remove hers loses appeal Saudi Arabia is planning to execute more than 50 people in a single day Turkish fighter jets violate Greek national air space | News HSBC whistleblower jailed for five years over biggest leak in banking history Turkey violated Greek airspace more than 2,000 times last year Medical marijuana users get OK from Ontario government to vaporize anywhere Putin on working with U.SWhy did we give the Americans this information? Either they're not controlling their allies or they're leaking this info all over the place. 2,700 yrold sarcophagus of high priest of God Amun unearthed in Luxor Turkey's Erdogan warns Russia not to 'play with fire' Amazon Deforestation increases by 16% in 2015 26 Turkish businessmen taken into police custody in Russia Russia deploys advanced S400 airdefence missile system in Syria after Turkey downed one of its jets Artist says his death sentence results from a personal dispute, not atheism 800 BelgiumBound Shotguns Seized by Italian Police Official Russian jet incident planned, Turkish opposition member says US accused of covering up death of six children in Syria air strike [includes video] Russia raiding Turkish firms and sending imports back. Moscow also preventing Turkish tourists from entering Russia, businessmen say, in apparent response to downing of plane Russia Wipes Out Syrian rebels in area where its plane was brought down Germany arrrests man who may have sold guns to Paris attackers China said on Thursday that it planned to establish a military facility in Djibouti, a strategically important country on the Horn of Africa, which would apparently be the first permanent presence overseas for Chinas military and a sign of the growing reach of its navy. Fighters in Syria are on steady doses of an amphetamine called Captagon. This allows them stay up for days, killing with a numb, reckless abandon. Side effects include psychosis and brain damage Shots fired at Radisson Hotel in Bamako, Mali (French) British police still shun guns despite Paris attacks We are an unarmed force  were proud of that US Approves $1.29 Billion Arms Sales to Saudi Arabia Czech Republic to deliver 10 million rounds of ammunition and 5,000 grenades to Peshmerga forces fighting ISIS Gunfire, explosions, hostage situation as jihadists attack luxury Radisson hotel in Mali  reports Saudi court sentences Palestinian poet to death for apostasy U.S. criticizes Israel's punishment of 6 weeks community service for policeman filmed beating PalestinianAmerican teen. US says says evidence of excessive force is 'clear' and the sentence doesn't promote accountability Ukrainian President supports replacing Russian with English on all passports A leaked Malaysian police report alleges there could be at least ten ISIS suicide bombers in Kuala Lumpur, where leaders from 18 countries, including the US, Russia, Japan and China, are set to gather this weekend for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit 28 terrorists killed in Chinas Xinjiang province King Abdullah of Jordan We Are Facing A Third World War Bataclan concert hall will reopen despite Paris attacks Now that TPP agreement has been reached  theres plenty of time for public debate Obama responding to a question from a Malaysian youth who said the TPP was elitist and excluded most voices By extending state of emergency, France can now block websites China Has a $1.2 Trillion Ponzi Finance Problem Boko Haram, responsible for the Nigeria explosion this week and kidnapping 300 girls last year, is the now world's most dangerous terrorist group  not ISIS (Daesh) World powers are poised to forge a single resolution at the United Nations Security Council to declare a common war against Isis and eradicate jihadists in Iraq and Syria On the run from Isis Jihadists targeting Paris attacker Salah Abdeslam for chickening out of killings U.S. Releases Convicted Israeli Spy Jonathan Pollard After 30Year Prison Term The Islamic State group is aggressively pursuing development of chemical weapons, setting up a branch dedicated to research and experiments with the help of scientists from Iraq, Syria and elsewhere in the region, according to Iraqi and U.S. intelligence officials. Loud explosion after security alert, evacuation at London tube station (France) Army recruitment inquiries triple since attacks Swedish Jews close synagogues after terror threat raised A new study shows that the most widely used insecticides in the worldneonicotinoidsturn bumblebees into more bumbling pollinators, leading to lower yields for apples and perhaps other plants that they visit. Saudi Arabia Sentences Poet to Death for Atheism Anonymous said Saturday it has uncovered information about Islamic State group attacks in Paris as well as on locations in the U.S., Indonesia, Italy and Lebanon, all apparently set for Sunday Belgium raised its terror alert level to the highest level in the capital Brussels on Saturday, warning of an imminent threat Anonymous takes down the main messaging forum used by ISIS Cable and satellite providers in Canada must provide a $25 basic cable package or channel pickandpay system by March 1, 2016 Russians inscribe 'For Paris' on bombs destined for Syria Paris attacks Terrorist arsenal found in Brussels suburb US urged to reject bomb sales to Saudi Arabia War on Isis UN in rare unanimous vote calls on world to unite against jihadist group Pakistanis views on ISIS showcase worrying trend 62% of the individuals revealed that they did not hold a definite opinion about ISIS while 9% even showed support for the group. Russian cruise missiles hit ISIS from Mediterranean & Caspian; 600 killed in one strike No problem. I will talk to my boss B.C. man learns he will be next king of Ghana tribe Putin Blasts Syria With New Stealth Missileand Shows the World He Can Strike From 1,700 Miles Away SpaceX gets mission to take NASA crew to space station Turkey seizes 11 million pills of 'Syria war drug' reports Turkey seized 11 million pills of a stimulant that's helping to fuel the Syrian civil war Nurse thought Paris attack was gas explosion, started giving CPR, then discovered injured man was suicide bomber, his bomb not fully exploded. Syria secretly sentenced free software developer Bassel Khartabil to death. Japan Considers Sending Navy to Aid U.S. in South China Sea Egypt's top Muslim cleric issued an impassioned appeal Saturday to disassociate Islam from extremist attacks, saying Muslims themselves had suffered most from the catastrophe of terrorism. 'Nearly impossible' to find jihadists among migrants, Greeks warn UN Approves Resolution Urging Action Against Islamic State Mali hotel attack 'No more hostages' after special forces raid British rescue 347 French near Falklands Islands after cruise ship catches fire and loses power. Canadian City Becomes The First In The World To Implement Climate Change Warning Stickers At Gas Stations North Vancouver, BC passed a law that mandates climate change warning stickers be applied to gas pumps China declares war on ISIS after terrorists 'execute Chinese hostage' Paris city police commissioner arrived at Bataclan before special forces. Ran in alone, took out one of the gunmen. state of emergency as Crimea loses electricity. Pope Says Christmas Will Be A Charade Because Whole World Is At War Thanks to Russian strikes, our troops advancing on nearly every front, Syrian President Bashar alAssad says The French military has seen a surge in applications after the Paris attacks Putin never said To forgive them is up to God, but to send them to him is up to me US rock group Pearl Jam donated proceeds from a concert in Brazil to victims of a toxic mining spill that killed 12 people and was the country's worst environmental disaster Around 100 ISIS militants killed by Syrian army on Saturday A volcanic island which was formed in 2013 has grown to 12 times its size, according to Japan Coast Guard officials. New aerial film footage of the remote Nishinoshima shows eruptions are still taking place from a crater in the islands center, and continuous lava flows. Japan is running out of people to take care of the elderly, so it's making robots instead.To address the issue, Japanese companies are leading in the development of Carebots. Vladimir Putins massive, tripledecker war room revealed 2 Deaths Reported After Missiles Hit Doctors Without Borders Hospital In Syria U.S. vets return to Iraq to fight ISIS A tiny Swiss bank specialised in financing social and environmental projects will on January 1 go where no retail lender has gone before, applying negative interest rates on individual clients. Suicide Attack in Cameroon Kills 10 The ISIS bombs hidden inside dolls and toys to kill CHILDREN Iraqi military reveal IEDs placed in toys by Islamists Iranian court sentences Washington Post reporter Rezaian to prison. Authorities missed many 'red flags' before Paris shootings Merkel berated over refugee policy by key ally, who says Germany must end welcome culture for refugees  Independent.ie Liberia monitors over 150 Ebola contacts as virus reemerges Russia kills 10 militants who had sworn allegiance to ISIS U.S. and Chinese troops connect in firstever exchange at JBLM. first time Chinese troops have been invited to train in the continental United States 'Not in my name'  Italy's Muslims rally against terrorism Entire northern border of Syria to be shut off by US/Turkish force. 75 percent of it has now been shut off. And we are entering an operation with the Turks to shut off the other remaining 98 km (61 miles) Russia Bans Scientology Australia passes law banning antivax parents from childcare benefits Russian sailor drinks half a litre of rum before crashing 7,000ton ship at full speed into Scotland Only 3 northern white rhinos left on Earth Third Paris stadium suicide bomber identified as refugee who came via Greece New hacker group (Ghost Security Group) 'Spying' on Islamic State instead of hacking them. Calling Anonymous tactics 'unsophisticated' Canada's Syrian refugee plan limited to women, children and families Plot to 'explode three bombs in German football stadium' foiled after game cancelled at last minute | The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, said 'Security officials took a responsible decision' Paris attacks Fugitive Salah Abdeslam frequented gay bar in Belgium Cult's potentially lethal bleach 'cure' for Autism spreads to Britain. Parents giving children sodium chlorite and hydrochloric acid on the advice of Genesis II Church of Health and Healing An exCIA director claims Snowden should face the death penalty because he has French blood on his hands. Some experts cast doubt on that claim, with one saying the Paris attacks are being used as a good crisis by those in power Chinese police use a flamethrower on 'Muslim terror suspects' People in Belgium are flooding the hashtag #Brusselslockdown on twitter with cat pictures after the police officially asked them not to communicate on social media about their whereabouts. More than 1,200 Europeans who flew out to join Islamic extremists have returned home Iraq 300 ISIS Militants Surrender to Peshmerga Turkey has summoned Russias ambassador following intensive bombing of ethnic Turkish people in Syria | The Turkish foreign ministry warns that the Russian attacks could lead to serious consequences. Turkey has already warned the Kremlin that it will shoot down its warplanes. Five Finger Death Punch cancel show in Milan following reported terrorist threat. Russian thieves made off with a full bomb's worth of highly enriched uranium | GlobalPost Brussels alert 'stays at highest level' The election of a lesbian as president of the student body at Koreas superelite Seoul National University has made front page news, exposing the generation gap between Koreas increasingly liberal younger generation and older people still imbued in the nations conservative traditions. Belgian police arrest six terror suspects after raids across country Argentine opposition wins presidential election Israeli woman killed as more violence hits West Bank Report Russia Starts Ground Operations in Syria Russian strikes blamed for 400 Syrian civilian deaths Irish priest Delay communions until adulthood  It should be when people have choice, when they have proper formation [of faith]. What Im saying isnt off the wall, its realistic. First topless protest in an Islamic state leads to 3 arrests (NSFW). Hungary torches 500 hectares of GM corn to eradicate GMOs from food supply A pair of Saudi maids each get 1,000 lashes & 10 years in prison for witchcraft. A compassionate sentence for a crime that usually results in the death penalty. El Salvador court denies seriously ill woman abortion. Lawyers for the young woman argued that continuing the pregnancy would place her life at risk. The foetus itself is missing part or all of its brain. Girl turns up at a police station in the UK on her wedding night and claims she had been forced to marry a man she had only met once or she would be killed U.N investigators say most Syrian rebels are not seeking democracy Canadian abortion rights campaigner Henry Morgentaler has died. Parents killed by Nazis, survived the Polish Ghetto, Aushwitz and Dachau. Persecuted in Canada, went to prison for 10 years Responsible for the eventual overturning of Canada's abortion laws. A true humanitarian and hero. Iran is in the throes of an unprecedented sexual revolution. Could it eventually topple the regime? More than 1,000 dog skulls found in Thai garbage dump. Authorities fear that the dogs were killed for food, most likely meatballs, and that the processor intentionally started the fire to cover his or her tracks. Assad Syria has received Russian missile shipment Extremists arrested in Turkey, supposedly carrying 2 kg of Sarin gas. Deadly New Virus Is Spreading. Virus has killed half the people known to be infected. Almost half of people shot dead by Australian police were mentally ill Report says 44 out of 105 fatal shootings in the past 22 years were of people with mental illness Soldier will plead guilty to slaughtering 16 villagers in Afghanistan to avoid the death penalty Editorial Recreational drug control a world first New Zealand could be the first legal, regulated market for recreational drugs thanks to the Psychoactive Substances Bill before Parliament. A Muslimrun company have been ordered to pay a Christian worker over 2,000 for racially discriminating against him because he is white Middle East Coronavirus Called 'Threat To The Entire World' Sexual allegations about 81 BBC staff have been reported since the Jimmy Savile scandal came to light  with almost half still working for the corporation UN rights chief urges global powers Don't send arms to Syria rebels.[xpost /r/strictlyworldpolitics] Assad We received 1st shipment of S300 missiles from Russia UK special forces snatched Woolwich terror suspect Michael Adebolajo as he tried to enter Somalia from Kenya in 2010 and was flown back to Britain and allowed to roam free for the next two and a half years after he was give a clean bill of health by security services Syrian Rebels Fragment Over Growing Power of Islamists Two men become first gay couple to wed in France Rape in South Africa and other African countries. Some shocking stats. Kim Dotcom Wins Case to Get Seized Material Back... Police attacks peaceful protest trying to save a park in the heart of Istanbul, Turkey. Local media is being silenced. Amelia Earhart's Plane Revealed in Sonar? A grainy sonar image captured off an uninhabited tropical island in the southwestern Pacific republic of Kiribati might represent the remains of the Electra, the twoengine aircraft legendary aviator Amelia Earhart was piloting when she vanished on 7/2/1937 South Korea follows Japan to ban all US wheat imports after unapproved Mansanto mutant strain found in Oregon Former Mexican president (Vicente Fox) pushes for pot legalization Japan cancels U.S. wheat order on GMO fear Nasa's Curiosity rover has confirmed what everyone has long suspected  that astronauts on a Mars mission would get a big dose of damaging radiation Cardinal Abortion is bigger sin than priest abuse Cuba says inclusion on U.S. terrorist list 'shameful' McCain denies knowingly posing with kidnappers U.S. Senator John McCain was photographed with a known affiliate of the rebel group responsible for the kidnapping of 11 Lebanese Shiite pilgrims (xpost /r/syriancivilwar) Giant Asteroid Zooming by Earth on Friday Has its Own Moon Pakistan Rape cases DNA tests not admissible as main evidence says Council of Islamic Ideology The River Nile has been a source of life for millions over the centuries. Now Ethiopia is diverting water to build a giant dam, and those downstream who depend on the river, are left wondering when and whether this issue can be resolved peacefully. 170 indigenous people ready to die to protect their land UK Government's child internet safety adviser wants default safety setting on Google Search to force users seeking hardcore porn sites to register NASA's Curiosity rover confirms a stream once ran through Gale Crater on Mars Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics a 'monstrous scam' Fugitive CEO with Arrest Warrant  Shaileshkumar Famous for Scareware Software Programs US and Germany urge Russia not to arm Syria military Turkey finds sarin gas in homes of suspected Syrian Islamists Novartis warns India over drug patent Novartis has threatened to stop supplies of new medicines to India if the countrys top court refuses to grant a patent for Glivec, its cancer drug. The destruction of tropical rainforests is having an even greater impact on the environment than was previously thought Syrian forces kill three Westerners, including an American woman and a British citizen, who it claims were fighting with the rebels British taxpayers to pay 'millions' towards secretive Bilderberg meeting security b'BREAKING NEWS Attack on Dutch Royal family, car tries to hit royal bus at high speed, hits public' The truth behind Egypt's swine killings b'The real victims of swine flu  Every other important story in the world' b'124,687 people were stopped and searched by police under antiterror laws in 2007/2008. Less than 0.06% were arrested for terror offences (UK).' b'Scientists are baffled by what theyre seeing on the Suns surface ' The Ontario government wants to end Ticketmaster's practice of reselling highpriced tickets through its subsidiary TicketsNow. b'Jewish prof. equates Israel with Nazisslammed for antiSemitism' North Korea 's concentration camps can be seen on Google The engineer who foiled an attempt to assassinate one of India's richest men has been found, dead. b'British forces will formally end combat operations in Iraq today' b'200 incidents of police brutality at G20, London law firm swamped by complaints. At least 10 cases involve the beating of women.' b'The recording industry is no longer targeting pirates  they are actually trying to hijack the very fabric of the Internetz.' b'Swedish Pirate Party gets 5.1% in latest EU poll' b'Ireland proposes a blasphemy law  ' b'Three months after Israels war ended, life for Gazans is still dismal' b'Poor Egyptian Christians farmers riot after swine flu cull  decision criticised as a real mistake by UN food expert' b'response to swine flu talking heads Yuck. I feel like I have to wash my brain out with bleach.' b'WHO  As of 1800 GMT, 29 April 2009, nine countries have officially reported 148 cases of swine influenza A/H1N1 infection' b'Britain Ends Combat Operations in Iraq' b'Mexico shuts down government in flu fight as WHO warns of pandemic' b'People try to portray the bridge jumping nonsense as a tradition that goes back for decades.This kind of thing has only been going on for the last 20 to 30 years.' b'IMF predicts US economy worse than world economy in 2010' b'ExTiananmen convicts still struggling to survive' b'[VIDEO] Queensday celebrations in Holland disrupted by violent carcrash, Queen is safe.' b'France reintroduces threestrikes law, clash with EU likely' North Korean leader, in rare address, seeks end to confrontation with South It will cost Canada 25 times more to close the Experimental Lakes Area research centre than it will to keep it open next year, yet the centre is closing. Raped by 42 men in 40 days. Sixteen years later, she awaits justice, Kerala, India Planet's oldest fossils at 3.49 billion years old found in Australia. 121 Journalists Killed on Duty in 2012 Palestinians to outnumber Jewish population by 2020, says PA report  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Kim JongUn calls for an end to confrontation with South Korea  Reuters Japans New Leader Endorses Nuclear Plants
  Egypt official Israel will be wiped out in a decade Extremism unchecked in schools, secret briefing reveals  Telegraph Britain is expected to lose its AAA credit rating this year, dealing a blow to George Osborne's defence of deep spending cuts as the key to retaining Britain's status with global investors. Africa Where black is not really beautiful LOTR trilogy sound editor Hopkins dies in NZ Multiple Feuds Bring Record Year of Violence to Karachi   
The sad truth was whatever your religion, business affiliation, or political party, someone was willing to kill you for it. The murder rate in Pakistan's largest city & commercial hub hit an all time high. North Korea's Kim JongUn vows radical economic shift Pakistan Lifts YouTube Ban, for 3 Minutes Poverty in one of the world's richest kingdoms Saudi Arabia Ghana bans secondhand fridges  A ban on the import of secondhand refrigerators is coming into force in Ghana to reduce energy consumption and harm to the environment. Man arrested after online rant against Liverpool and Hillsborough disaster victims  American plane leaves Iran after emergency landing China Kicks Out 'New York Times' Reporter Syrian PM says Assad ready for peace talks Venezuela fearing the worst amid reports Hugo Chavez is close to death Ivory Coast New Year stampede kill dozens.
 Indian police to officially charge 5 suspects with murder in gangrape case. The sixth suspect in the case that has outraged the country is under 18 and a juvenile Saudi Arabia accused of trying to wreck Paris climate deal  One of the worlds largest oil producers is getting in the way of a deal and making implausible objections, say delegates and campaigners Kazakhstan has passed a law that would require citizens to install a certificate on all their personal devices allowing the government to capture all the web traffic, passwords and financial details of the population. Nearly 70,000 clerics came together and passed a fatwa against terrorist organizations, including IS, Taliban and alQaida. These are not Islamic organizations, the clerics said to a sea of followers, adding that the members of these outfits were not Muslims An undercover sting by Greenpeace has revealed that two prominent climate sceptics were available for hire by the hour to write reports casting doubt on the dangers posed by global warming. Thousands Sign 'Ban Trump From UK' Petition. The UK has banned entry to many individuals for hate speech There is no internet censorship in China, says China's top censor Angela Merkel is Time person of the year Icelanders flock to religion revering Sumerian gods and tax rebates  Ancient Zuist movement enjoys revival as thousands join as part of protest against requirement that citizens pay taxes to state church. Hundreds of Muslims marching against terrorism in London 'ignored by British media' India accounted for $12.3 billion, or 40%, of the total of $31 billion of globalized engineering and R&D in 2015 2000 Sex Workers From Indian State Maharashtra Skipped 2 Meals A Day To Gift One Lakh Rupees To Chennai Flood Relief Australia's exPrime Minister Tony Abbott declares 'Islam must change, not us' Historians say that in all likelihood they have found the remains of the tomb of Suleiman the Magnificent, who died in 1566 while his troops were besieging the fortress of Szigetvar in southern Hungary. Angela Merkel's deputy accuses Saudi Arabia of sponsoring extremism S. Korean Navy fires warning shots at Chinese ship in Yellow Sea Oil producers prepare for prices to halve to $20 a barrel 5 Arab Israelis arrested for IS support, planning terror attacks London Metropolitan Police  Mr Trump could not be more wrong Amnesty report ISIS armed with U.S. weapons NHS rationing 'is denying patients care' as cash crisis deepens Germany, UK to ban petrol and diesel vehicles by 2050 President Vladimir Putin Su24's Black Box to Reveal Truth About Jet Shot Down by Turkey and it should be opened only in the presence of international experts. Taliban attacks Kandahar airport and USNATO base Canada launches inquiry into murdered and missing indigenous women  Justin Trudeau promises total renewal of relationship with aboriginal people with investigation of nearly 1,200 murders and disappearances in three decades A generation of Syrian children are facing catastrophic psychological damage with one in four inside Syria at risk of developing a mental health disorder from witnessing traumatic events, a global children's charity said on Tuesday. Resistance to lastresort antibiotic has now spread across globe US confirms death of top ISIS leader in Libya Arnold Schwarzenegger has got his sights set on vanquishing another peril Climate change | Speaking at the United Nations conference on climate change in Paris, he said that the world had to unite to tackle climate change, rather than pointing the finger at the largest polluters. U.S. Agent Gets Six Years Prison for Silk Road Bitcoin Theft Private American donors have pumped more than $220 million into Jewish West Bank settlements in recent years through taxdeductible donations, effectively subsidizing a policy opposed by U.S. administrations for decades, according to an investigation published in an Israeli newspaper on Monday. The price of raw, illegal ivory has almost halved in China in the past 18 months because of growing public awareness, a promise from President Xi Jinping to ban the trade, a farreaching anticorruption drive and a slowing economy, according a new study by Save the Elephants. A 16member panel, paid for by Monsanto, is disputing a World Health Organization report published earlier this year that concluded glyphosate, the world's most widely used weed killer, is probably carcinogenic to humans. Totally antibiotic resistant Salmonella has reached Denmark meat, at least one human case known. 3 injured in blast at Moscow bus stop  reports A 64yearold albatross named Wisdom, believed to be the oldest known tracked bird in the wild, has returned with a mate to a large nesting colony on Midway Atoll to lay An egg Humans are draining even more of earth's freshwater than previously thought Japan defends scientific value of new plan to kill 333 minke whales  claims it wants to study how many whales can be harvested sustainably Bibi the lion, made famous from her appearances on the BBC's Big Cat Diary from 1996 to 2008, has been discovered dead after being poisoned, a BBC wildlife crew has confirmed. The use of antibiotics in agriculture is fuelling drug resistance and must be cut back or even banned where they are important for humans, a new report has warned. Muslim thrown off Coach in Bristol after passenger said they felt uncomfortable.. Beheaded for practicing magic; ISIS executes two sorcerers in Libya Vancouver startup, GKup, launches 'world's first' 100% compostable coffee pod, aims to tackle singlecup brewer waste that circled the globe 11 times in 2014 Eagles Of Death Metal Appear In Paris Less Then 1 Month After The Attack. A Russian activist has been sentenced to three years in prison under a new law that tightens punishment for taking part in unauthorized protests. The verdict was strongly condemned by Amnesty International Islamic State going broke? As airstrikes target oil revenue, ISIS slashes salaries, imposes new taxes (report from Londonbased analysis firm IHS) Russians Are Joining ISIS in Droves | Jihadists from Russia and Central Asia are pouring into the caliphate, 300 times more than a year ago. Iran tested ballistic missile, breaching U.N. council resolutions 4 female students who went to Syria to join ISIS attended Mississauga school Iran and India to Build $4.5 Billion Pipeline Cyprus To Give Russian Warplanes Emergency Landing Rights UK Parliament Vote in Favor of Airstrikes in Syria Oscar Pistorious guilty of murder. The Pentagon lavished nearly $150m of taxpayer money on villas with private security, flat screen TVs and three course meals for special events for US government staff in Afghanistan, an official watchdog has found No jail for 2010 BP oil disaster white collars Turkey has proof of Russian involvement in Daesh oil, President Erdoan says Canada Ontarians paid $37billion above market for electricity over eight years, AuditorGeneral's report says Saudi Arabia 'destabilising Arab world', German intelligence warns Paris attacks France 'to extend state of emergency indefinitely'  reports Facebook accused of blackmail after Belgian court rules it can no longer track nonusers Friend of Paris suicide bomber arrested at Brussels Airport FIFA Corruption Top Officials Arrested in PreDawn Raid at Zurich Hotel UN on wrong track with plans to limit global warming to 2C, says top scientist. Climate change scientist James Hansen says current half arsed plans to reduce emissions will lead to dangerous climate change and calls for an honest carbon price to cut fossil fuel use. Brazil speaker Cunha opens impeachment proceedings against president Dilma Rousseff New Report Details TPP's 'Panoply of Threats' to Climate  The 12nation pact would be 'raw deal for communities & our climate,' Sierra Club says Russian TV host Pavel Lobkov announces HIV positive status live TVHe is the first public figure in Russia to be openly HIV positive Iraqi Kurds refute Russias claims on TurkeyDaesh oil trade, say tankers belong to KRG Mexico to debate marijuana legalization in January A Dominican cardinal upset over comments that the U.S. ambassador made about corruption in his country has said the openly gay diplomat should focus on homemaking. Let him focus on housework, since he's the wife to a man. ISIS Releases Video Purportedly Showing Beheading of Alleged Russian Spy Photos The scene in Chennai, the Indian city suffering its most devastating rains in 100 years Turkey guilty off 'treacherous war crime' after shooting down Russian plane, warns Vladimir Putin And evidently Allah decided to punish the ruling clique in Turkey, by depriving it of any reason or logic. United Arab Emirates threaten to destabilize Tunisia for not repressing moderate Islamists ala Sisi in Egypt A Chinese artist vacuumed up Beijing's smog and made a brick from what he collected NATO Unveils Plans to Grow, Drawing Fury and Threats From Russia A dream team of tech giants  Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg, Richard Branson, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Jack Ma from Alibaba, along with a host of international tech leaders  have announced they're coming together to combat climate change Breakthrough Energy Coalition Quebec Judge issues $1 fine for possessing 30 cannabis plants, calls marijuana laws obsolete Turkish doctor faces 2 years in jail for sharing meme that likens president Erdogan to Gollum in LOTR Cameroon army 'kills 100 Boko Haram fighters, frees 900 hostages' Zuckerberg, wife pledge to donate 99% of their Facebook shares, about $45 billion, to charity Russia says has proof Turkey main consumer of Islamic State oil France shuts three mosques on grounds of radicalization Four Arrested In Italy For Planning ISIS Attack On Pope Man held at Guantnamo for 13 years a case of mistaken identity, say officials Young people who question the Government or media may be extremists, officials tell parents Kim Jongun's Aunt (who lives in the US) will sue North Korean refugees for defamation in South Korean courts World's richest 10 per cent produce 50% of CO2 report David Cameron calls Jeremy Corbyn a 'terrorist sympathiser' for opposing Syria air strikes Researchers Exxon, Koch Family Have Powered the ClimateDenial Machine for Decades Istanbul metro blast and injuries reported German nuclear fusion reactor 'stellarator' cleared for first test on 10 December 2015 Turkey YouTube ban violated freedom of expression European court of human rights China clone factory claims it can replicate humans, is only holding off for fear of public reaction Bill Gates teams up with Mark Zuckerberg to create multi billion dollar fund for clean energy technologies Hitler's words to return to German bookshelves. For the first time since the Second World War, Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf will be printed in Germany in January No, Mark Zuckerberg is not giving 99% of his Facebook shares to charity  Times of India Russia building new military bases on islands claimed by Japan A major Indian city has been underwater for almost a month now Venezuela has bigger oil reserves than Saudi Arabia  yet there's no toilet paper in stores Beijing is shrouded in a cloud of smog 25 times the safe level of toxic particle PM 2.5 337 whales dead in Chile in one of history's biggest beachings Amnesty International says Qatar has done almost nothing effective to end chronic labour exploitation since it was chosen five years ago to host the football World Cup in 2022. #SueMeSaudi Twitter users taunt Saudi Arabia Erdoan I will resign if any oil purchase from Daesh is proven Pope says fundamentalism is 'disease of all religions' Australia MP says 'tyranny of political correctness' stops debate on Islam and extremism Wales has become the first nation in the UK to introduce a revolutionary new system to increase organ donors adults will be regarded as having consented to organ donation unless they have opted out. North Korea violates UN resolution with submarine missile launch that failed to make it above water 11,571 Norwegians have registered for licences to kill 16 wolves, although the country may have only 30 in the wild Yemen crisis Sanaa resident describes Saudiled bombing as like 'being at the centre of an earthquake' Putin makes 99yearold daughter of Tsarist general a Russian again Thai printer replaces International New York Times article with blank space instead of critical piece on stagnant Thai economy Schools shut in Beijing as air pollution reaches hazardous levels | CTV News World headed toward 'suicide' if no climate agreement pope The Chinese renminbi will join the dollar, euro, yen and pound as one of the worlds main reserve currencies The ocean is filling up with a mysterious life form and scientists don't know why Phytoplankton, microorganisms that float, as opposed to swim, are rapidly thriving in the North Atlantic, suggesting an environmental shift that defies previous scientific predictions. Dubai to make solar panels on rooftops compulsory by 2030 US Marine Found Guilty of Killing Transgender Filipino Top US Intelligence Chief Calls Iraq War A 'Huge Mistake' BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands Germany to join military action against Islamic State in Syria but won't participate in air strikes Global warming could suffocate life on Earth as oxygen levels fall, research shows Big Data Predicts Centuries Of Harm If Climate Warming Goes Unchecked ISIS is preparing a 'backup' capital in case its major center in Syria falls Express Scripts Covers $1 Alternative to $750 Pill Daraprim The International Monetary Fund has officially designated the Chinese yuan a global reserve currency. Beijing has issued its first ever Red Alert over smog, and the city is going into complete shutdown Ten african countries vow to recreate 100 million hectares of lost jungle, twice the size of Europe. World bank & Germany announces funding After Paris Attacks, Proposed French Law Would Block Tor and Forbid Free WiFi Chile removes marijuana from list of 'Hard Drugs' takes steps towards legalization. NATO has ruled out sending ground troops to fight against Islamic State militants in Syria.Muslims are on the front line in this war. Most victims are Muslims, and most of those who fight against the IS are Muslims. We can not carry on this struggle for them, Nearly 100 people in Turkey have been arrested after being charged with insulting President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over the past 10 months Britain no longer a Christian country, and its time to rid public life of Anglicanism, panel says The Isis papers leaked documents show how Isis is building its state Killing whales Let's 'agree to disagree', says Japan Venezuela opposition claims victory in legislative elections Wreck of legendary Spanish galleon is finally found, Colombia says. The value of its cargo  believed to include gold, silver, emeralds, and other precious cargo  has been estimated at more than $10 billion French Regional Elections  farright party Front National ahead with over 30% of the votes Egypt destroys 20 newly found tunnels along border with Gaza FBI investigating Sepp Blatter in $100M ISL bribes scandal. Bacteria containing mcr1 gene resistant to all known antibiotics found in Denmark China is forecast to become the world's biggest electric car market this year, with sales estimated at 220,000 to 250,000 vehicles Argentina arrests Syrians traveling on false Greek passports Assad says Britain's Syria strikes 'illegal', will only fuel terror Kerry angers Israel with talk of 'binational state' Russia loses advanced military satellite on launch Venezuela Opposition Says It Won Congress as Government Silent Opec bid to kill off US shale sends oil price down to near sevenyear low EU to press ahead with plans to suspend Schengen rules China is laying the groundwork for a robot revolution by planning to automate the work currently done by millions of lowpaid workers. The new Liberal government has promised to act quickly to legalize marijuana for general use, which would make Canada the first G20 country to end cannabis prohibition on a national level. German Vice Chancellor Gabriel'Saudi Arabia must stop financing Wahabi Mosques throughout the world. They are a breeding ground of Terrorism. In Germany many extremists considered dangerous persons emerge from these communities. I say to them that the time of looking the other way is over.' Uruguay is now generating 95% of its electricity from renewable energy Passengers on the flight Frankfurt  Belgrade stopped a Jordanian who wanted to get into the cockpit France shuts down three mosques in security crackdown Yazidis Get Revenge On ISIS In Sinjar Obama went back to war in Iraq in 2014 to save the Yazidis of Sinjar from ISIS. Now, after retaking their homes, theyre killing the neighbors they think betrayed them U.S. Officials Admit a Mistaken Identity Case at Guantanamo Bay, Held for 13 years Finland plans to give every citizen 800 euros a month and scrap benefits India to criminalize marital rape Gay refugees placed in separate accommodation after attacks in the Netherlands Ford Recalling Up to 452,000 Cars Because Fuel Tanks May Crack Major Italian catholic magazine ask for Tony Blair to be put under trial for war crimes Tamil Nadu(India) Floods, 270 Dead ISIS threatens Modi, Vows to expand War to India World's Largest Bakery To Stop Caging Hens For Eggs Kuwait Airways pilot loses licence for inviting porn star into cockpit In Australia, $300 million will be invested in the drug treatment sector as part of a new national plan that shifts focus from policing to prevention. UK jets hit ISIS oilfield as Typhoons fly first missions Facebook, Google and Twitter are stepping up efforts to combat online propaganda and recruiting by Islamic militants, but the Internet companies are doing it quietly to avoid the perception that they are helping the authorities police the Web. Croatian police debunks The Sun journalist lies It is not true that he managed to smuggle himself from Turkey to France, he didn't pass through Croatia without showing any papers we registered him and we have scan of his passport Tree by tree, more than a dozen African governments pledged to restore the continent's natural forests at the United Nations climate talks on Sunday Report Russia begins delivery of S300 missiles to Iran Patriot Act author warns EU against dragnet response to terror Scientists find out a way to store electricity in paper Google Patents NeedleFree Blood Draw System Syria row No 10 admits '70,000 fighters' figure made up of disparate groups Iraq orders Turkey to 'immediately' withdraw troops sent across border Canada to become first G7 nation to legalize marijuana government Iran ready to present proof on ISIS oil trade to Turkey Official Sharia courts in Britain lock women into 'marital captivity', study says Academic with unprecedented access to Islamic divorce hearings says courts fail to report domestic violence Thousands of South Koreans, many wearing masks, marched in Seoul on Saturday against conservative President Park Geunhye, who had compared masked protesters to terrorists after clashes with police broke out at a rally last month Defense Contractors Cite Benefits of Escalating Conflicts in the Middle East Isis spreads to Afghanistan as 1,600 militants pledge allegiance to terror group. OPEC Unity Shattered as SaudiLed Policy Leads to No Limits  OPEC abandoned all pretense this week of acting as a cartel. Its now every member for itself. More than half of Indian scientists selfidentify themselves as religious and almost a third believe that religion and and science can not only coexist but be used to help each other, reveals a worldwide survey of how scientists view religion. Lake Chad suicide blasts 'kill 27' Porsche Is Building a Tesla Competitor Brutal new ISIS video puts child soldiers through Hunger Gamestype training Big Oil Faces Historic Human Rights Inquiry for 'Complicity in Climate Change' 'Climate change interferes with the enjoyment of our fundamental rights as human beings. Hence, we demand accountability.' 75 Voters In Argentine Soccer Federation Election Somehow Produce 76 Votes Protesters demand to stop stoning of Sri Lankan maid in Saudi Arabia Saudi Warplanes Drop Cluster Bombs on Own Soil to Prevent Yemeni Forces' Advances World's Largest Islamic Organization Tells ISIS To Get Lost NASA releases clearest images of Pluto world might see for decades Mexico arrests 'gang members' over Australian surfers murders 'Two new suspects' in Paris attacks Merkel Pledges to Confront AntiSemitism Among German Refugees Responding to a complaint filed by typhoon victims, a Philippines human rights commission agreed Friday to look into whether large international fossil fuel companies are violating the human rights of its citizens by driving climate change. Volkswagen scandal might force it to sell luxury brands  Bentley, Lamborghini and Ducati could be on the chopping block. Former prime minister Tony Abbott pocketed taxpayerfunded travel allowance on a day he attended a birthday celebration for a mining magnate and Liberal Party donor. 'Ghost ship' mystery grips Japan as rickety boats with corpses, skeletons continue to wash ashore World's largest Muslim group, Sunni movement launches anti extremism campaign U.S.led coalition is finding and killing a mid to highlevel Islamic State leader every two days Mount Etna has errupted Uruguay makes dramatic shift to nearly 95% electricity from clean energy In less than 10 years the country has slashed its carbon footprint and lowered electricity costs, without government subsidies ISIS Dumping Dead Bodies On Syrian Streets Causes Deadly 'FleshEating' Disease To Spread Exxon could lose 'billions' in climate change lawsuit 'Enough's enough' Former deputy prime minister of Australia calls for travel warnings after US shootings Denmark 'votes No' on adopting EU rules Turkish jets, two armed, violate Greek air space | News Latin America's Largest Ever Legal Marijuana Crop Planted in Chile Medical marijuana advocates won a huge victory in Chile in November as the regional agriculture authority approved a 6,900plant marijuana farm and a team of volunteers planted 20 strains of highpotency marijuana seeds The number of Muslims attacked each week in London has more than tripled since the Paris attacks, figures show. The Met said in the week prior to the attacks on 13 November there were 24 recorded Islamophobic incidents. Two weeks after there were 76. Australia Passes New Law to Strip Jihadists of Citizenship Israel Arrests Young Jews Suspected of Terrorism Against Palestinians With average speed of 16.1 Mbps, Lithuania offers best public WiFi in the world Turkey gives the cold shoulder to US proposal to seal Syria border Egypt 12 Killed, 5 Hurt in Firebomb Attack at Nightclub How the Toxic Trade Deal You've Never Heard Of Could Kill the Climate TiSA seeks to place 'corporate handcuffs' on government attempts to steer away from fossil fuels, says Global Justice Now Russia just successfully tested an antisatellite missile Bhutan has most ambitious pledge at the Paris climate summit Himalayan kingdoms forests absorb three times more CO2 emissions than its population create, helping to make it the worlds most carbon negative country Research finds rich nations' fossil fuel subsidies exceed climate aid 40 to 1 Former Isis hostage says airstrikes on Syria are a trap Paris attack fugitive posed as refugee at Budapest railway station in September, Hungarian government claims Saudi Arabia Spends over $60bln in war on Yemen German government agrees to participate in Syrian war Japan defies world as 'research' ship embarks on minke whale kill In Pakistan Gunmen stop a van containing teachers that educate girls, shoot and murder 5 teachers and 2 aid workers Russia boosts space spending Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved a plan to spend $68.71 billion on developing Russia's space industry from 2013 to 2020 Japan's Population Falls by 212,000 in 2012 (record drop) Solar energy on the rise in Germany  the recent solar boom means the alternative form of energy now reaches 8 million homes in Germany, a 45 percent increase compared to 2011 Pakistan is developing a new generation of smaller tactical nuclear weapons. The dangers and challenges such arms present are very real. Six women and a man, working for a health and education charity, have been shot dead in a driveby shooting after they left a community centre in northwest Pakistan, police say. The victims of Tuesday's attack were all Pakistanis attached to the community centre in a Swabi village. 52,000 Amerasians, the illegitimate children of Filipino women and US soldiers,  fight for recognition in the Philippines.   Insight How Colombian drug traffickers used HSBC to launder money Indian lawyers refuse to defend gang rape accused Euros discarded as impoverished Greeks resort to bartering 60 people have been killed in a stampede following a New Year's fireworks  Hollande refuses to ditch supertax   President tells France 'we will still ask more of those who have the most' after court rules proposed 75% rate unconstitutional  An Indian minister has called on the authorities to reveal the name of the Delhi gangrape victim so that a new antirape law can be named after her. Al Saud remains hostile towards democracy and human rights. The Al Saud family of Saudi Arabia has dealt heavy crackdowns on peaceful protesters who demand democracy and human rights Blood of Beheaded French King Louis XVI Found in Gourd    Many spectators dipped their handkerchiefs in his blood.  A piece of fabric was in a dried, hollowedout gourd, leaving blood stains. The DNA is very similar to genetic material from  mummified head of earlier  king.  Egypt satirist faces probe for insulting president Israel will cease to exist within a decade, says Muslim Brotherhood official   Telegraph Over 60,000 dead in Syria conflict, U.N. says Qatari poet jailed for insulting the state's ruler.   Egypt satirist faces probe for 'undermining' Morsi  
Bassem Youssef, Egypt's alternative to Jon Stewart, faces investigation after insulting the president on television.  Armed robbers hit Apple store in Paris, reportedly steal $1.3 million in goods Drugresistant malaria in Thailand threatens deadly global 'nightmare' In Myanmar, Muslim survivors recall Buddhist assault that forced mass exodus  The Washington Post IsraeliPalestinian Clashes Erupt in West Bank  Drop in North Korean refugees to South Korea. Significantly fewer people fled North Korea towards the South in 2012 compared with 2011, data from Seoul shows France to deport radical Muslim clerics Julian Assange to run for a seat in the Australian Senate Senior British rabbi filmed telling alleged child abuse victim not to go to the police  S. Korea's space rocket launch apparently successful.  Becomes the 13th country to reach space from their own soil. | YONHAP NEWS France to deport 'radical foreign imams'   
France's interior minister says the move is part of a fight against global jihadism.  Most of Timbuktu's Ahmed Baba Institute's manuscripts saved, according to locals. Beijing cancels flights as pollution hits beyond index levels S. African billionaire to give away half his money  Payback time in Mali Residents hunting down and beating suspected Islamist extremists in newly liberated town Dutch Court Rejects Most of Shell Spill Case  Judges  rejected most of a landmark case brought by Nigerian farmers against Royal Dutch Shell for poisoning their fish ponds & farmland with leaking pipelines. Israeli forces have attacked a target on the SyrianLebanese border Reports of heavy presence of Israeli jets over Lebanon territory SecretaryGeneral of the United Nations says the situation in Syria is catastrophic I appeal to all sides, and particularly the Syrian government, to stop the killing... in the name of humanity, stop the killing, stop the violence Germany is marking the 80th anniversary of Adolf Hitler's rise to power with a solemn ceremony at a memorial site in what was the heart of Nazi Berlin. Shamil Jeppie, the Timbuktu Manuscripts Project director at the University of Cape Town, said that more than 90% of the 300,000 manuscripts said to be in the region were safe. A man is facing animal cruelty charges after 155 dead cats were found in an apartment in Windsor, Ont. Zimbabwe has just $217 in the bank Russia Pulls Out of US Drugs Agreement  The decadeold drug control deal does not address today's realities & has exhausted its potential.
It's seen by some as the latest sign of a deterioration in ties since President Putin's return to the Kremlin.   An innovative college for homeless people in London is attracting hundreds of students British internet users' personal information on major 'cloud' storage services can be spied upon routinely by US authorities Egypt State on Brink of Collapse. Chinese Love for Himalayan Viagra Causing Shortage From OverHarvesting & Threatening Ecological Damage   Worlds most expensive medicinal fungus is in serious decline. It's  a symbol of wealth & power in China, & as  its economy booms, the fungus is enjoying unprecedented popularity.  Gay chocolatiers forced out of remote Scottish village     driven out after suffering a decade of homophobic and antiEnglish abuse. Mexico raids alleged sex slavery cult on border, detains 14 foreigners, including 6 Spaniards Family finds pet tortoise that was missing for 30 years as they clean out dead father's storeroom In China, Beware A Camera May be Watching You  
There are an estimated 2030 million surveillance cameras in China  or 1 for every 43 people. Officials say the cameras help fight crime & maintain social stability. But critics say they're used to monitor & intimidate dissidents. Syrian state TV has confirmed that Israeli warplanes bombed a military research centre northwest of the capital, Damascus. S. Korea Measles Free in 2012 with 98% vaccination rate U.S. official confirms Israel behind attack on SyriaLebanon border Smog 'Airmageddon' Chokes China  All week in Beijing, in offices & homes, in lifts & shops, restaurants, taxis & buses, 1 topic dominates conversation   foul air.  Walking out into streets is like plunging into a swirling soup. The pollution swathes the city, wreathing everything in grey.  Colombia plans to decriminalise ecstasy in a bid to battle the nation's rampant drug problems Timbuktu Manuscripts Apparently Escaped Burning   In contrast to horrific reports from Timbuktu earlier this week, an important library of medieval texts is still standing, and many manuscripts are thought to have survived the hasty retreat of Islamic militants  A 15yearold Icelandic girl has been granted the right to legally use the name given (Blaer), despite the opposition of authorities and Iceland's strict law on names. The decision overturns an earlier rejection by Icelandic authorities who declared it was not a proper feminine name.   UN inquiry says Israel must end settlements  A 224footlong U.S. warship will have to be cut into smaller pieces to get it off a Philippine reef where it grounded two weeks ago, Navy officials . . . They said that's the only way to prevent further damage to the Tubbataha Reef, a Philippine national park and UNESCO World Heritage site Syria threatens to retaliate for Israeli airstrike  Syria threatened Thursday to retaliate for an Israeli airstrike and its ally Iran said there will be repercussions for the Jewish state over the attack. Myanmar police used white phosphorus, a munition normally reserved for warfare, to disperse protesters demonstrating against government efforts to relocate villagers. U.S. braces for North Korean nuclear test 'at any time' Suspected Poacher Shot Dead on  Private Ranch After Fierce Gun Battle With Kenya Wildlife Service Rangers4th killed this weekHunt for 5 accomplices  is underway. Translators are in demand in courts to make Chinese & Vietnamese wildlife defendants intelligible to the English & Swahili speakers.
 Hackers in China Attacked The New York Times for Last 4 Months
 French forces enter last urban Islamist stronghold   Days after capturing Gao and Timbuktu, French forces entered Kidal  the last northern Malian city under rebel control  encountering no resistance amid reports that Islamist fighters had already fled the city.  Swedish court convicts man for Hitler salute  The Local President Vladimir Putin hires Boys II Men for concert to promote fertility China to Boost Solar Power Goal 67% as Smog Envelops Beijing Will Syria Bleed Hezbollah Dry? Leading privacy expert Caspar Bowden has warned Europeans using US cloud services that their data could be snooped on. Israeli fighter jets targeted a military research center near Damascus early on Wednesday morning, Syrian state news agency SANA said citing army officials. Pakistan's secret service gave half a million Rupees (about $5,000)  to man who beheaded Indian soldier last month. Syrian state news agency says Israeli warplanes bombed military site near Damascus Syria Confirms Israeli Airstrike Outside Damascus Many financial institutions and multinational organizations view speculating on food commodities as a dangerous game and a contributor to global hunger. Despite its bruised reputation, Deutsche Bank is leaping back into the business. North Korea to open economy for foreign investment this year supported by German economic and legal experts. They are interested in the Vietnamese model Two Swedes Renditioned To The US, Possibly To Death Penalty, In Secrecy And Without Lawyers Knowledge Indian politician publicly beaten by crowd after he is caught raping a woman After Years in Solitary, an Austere Life as Uruguays President  Jos Mujica, a former guerrilla who took office in 2010, donates most of his salary, shuns opulence and lives modestly, as he says the leader of a democracy should.  In Pakistan 9yearold in critical condition after gangrape First LGBTfriendly mosque opens in France German solar power installations at record high in 2012 Capacity grew by more than 7.6 gigawatt, breaking the previous records of 7.5 GW in 2011 and 7.4 GW in 2010, and far above the 2.5 to 3.5 GW Berlin would like to see each year Australian heist goes wrong as robbers tunnel into KFC not jewelers  A New Account Of India's Brutal Gang Rape Is Out  And It Makes Delhi's Police Look Awful The Palestinian Authority has officially changed its name to 'State of Palestine,' in its first concrete  albeit symbolic  move since its successful UN bid for statehood. Asia is Purchasing Nearly all of Irans Oil  Even as they cut their imports, China, India, S. Korea, and Japan account for nearly all of Iran's oil sales. As a Girl in India, I Learned to Be Afraid of Men Church of England lifts ban on gay bishops France's censorship demands to Twitter are more dangerous than 'hate speech'. Few ideas have done as much damage throughout history as empowering the government to criminalize opinions it dislikes Israeli fighting Assad 'can't go home'  
Arab Israeli who joined rebel forces in Syria says they burned his passport, refuse to allow him to leave 
Google concedes defeat in China censorship battle. 

US company quietly drops warning message that Chinese users saw when searching for politically sensitive phrases
 Mexican drug gangs dig into mining industry  The Zetas cartel, one of Mexico's most violent groups, has moved into coal mining as it's more lucrative than drugs Kenyan man butchers, feasts on 5yearold son Union flag protests Nine police officers hurt in fresh flag trouble. Police said more than 30 petrol bombs and other missiles were thrown as police dealt with serious public disorder in east Belfast. Unruly passenger taped to seat on Iceland Air flight Another Indian town council bans use of mobile phones by girls  excessive use of mobile for listening to music and talking to men led to crime against women.  Hong Kong dries thousands of shark fins on rooftops to avoid prying eyes of environmentalists.. Islamic Jihad vows to fight the Jews if they return to Egypt | Egypt Independent Burma Moustache Brothers keep on telling jokes after prison and torture. China gearing up for antisatellite test