 German brewers concerned fracking could contaminate water supplies, violate beer purity law of 1516 A report out Thursday calls on Canada to decriminalize personal use of all narcotics and regulate cannabis, saying current policies are failing to reduce drug use or make Canadians safer. 3D printed gun explodes during testing by Australian police. Malaysians outraged after sharia court allows rapist to marry his 13yearold victim Orthodox Christian protesters, lead & organized by Priests, have brutally attacked gay rights activists in Georgia. All this crowd, like zombies, they simply wanted to kill us. Not beat or humiliate, they simply wanted to kill us, said Nino Kharchilava, one of the protesters. The Muslim Brotherhood Has Turned Cairo Into A Dystopia [PHOTOS] RAF Fighter jets reported escorting passenger plane to Stansted Airport Stockholm rioting continues for fifth night 5,000 cave paintings discovered in Mexico These groups escaped Spanish control for almost 200 years Magnitude 8.2 Earthquake Hits Russian Far East off Kamchatka Croatia bans sex education in schools after pressure by conservatives and catholic church In Berlin, you can carry 15 grams of marijuana. In Munich? Just six. To ease any confusion, German states are now trying to hash out possession regulations that would apply across the country 'The future of freedom on the internet is at stake' The highest reported share of selfdescribed atheists is in China an astounding 47 percent 'Something passed underneath us, quite close' Airbus A320 has close encounter with UFO  Home News  UK Muslim preacher justifies the hacking to death of a British soldier Swaziland's albinos have called on the government for protection ahead of elections expected later this year, fearing their body parts will be harvested by candidates seeking good luck. German beer makers have warned the chancellor Angela Merkel that the controversial method of drilling for natural gas known as fracking could damage Germanys legendry beer industry by contaminating the purity of the water. Plane seen On Fire flying over London.... Looks like an engine fire! Nineteenyearold Israeli sentenced to jail for the 10th time because of his refusal to serve in the army Fukushima contamination found in plankton at all 10 points tested in the Pacific Ocean 3D Printed Windpipe Gives Infant Breath of Life Scientific American British police arrest two more over London attack Mass piracy lawsuits are back in Australia A law firm is requesting major Australian ISPs hand over the details of users who have allegedly used peer to peer Internet file sharing platforms to pirate content owned by the firms clients Stockholm riots throw spotlight on Swedish inequality. 'Five nights of rioting in the suburbs of Sweden's capital Stockholm have raised the national debate about immigration, unemployment and social inequality' Pope Francis says atheists can be good Atheists should be seen as good people if they do good, Pope Francis has said in his latest urging that people of all religions, and none, work together. South Korean police have discovered a all female criminal gang running a honeypot operation. They entice married men to have sex with a member of the gang and then blackmail them with the threat of reporting it as rape. Dutch meat tycoon, Willy Selten, has been arrested for allegedly selling 300 tonnes of horsemeat as beef Stockholm hit by third night of rioting. Pm calls for calm Kim Dotcom to Google, Twitter, Facebook I own security patent for the twostep authentication system. He says he doesnt want to sue, but might if the likes of Google and Facebook dont help fund his legal battle with the U.S. Government. Man hacked and beheaded with meat cleaver by two men who have been shot and killed by police in England China has been stealing intellectual property from the US. It has cost the US upwards of 300B dollars a year. 7 year old South Korean girl killed by a falling suicide jumper. Stockholm riots enter day four Huge underwater structure stumps Israeli archaeologists Chile's fish supply decline 'catastrophic' after years of overfishing Saudi Arabia six executed, including five Yemenis crucified outside a university Three former Ford Motor Co. executives were charged Tuesday with crimes against humanity for allegedly targeting Argentine union workers for kidnapping and torture after the country's 1976 military coup. Man with bloodied hands and weapons speaks after brutal attack in South East London Mum talked down Woolwich terrorists who told her 'We want to start a war in London tonight' Australia OKs Mine on Proposed World Heritage Site  It requires clearing 30,000 hectares that a scientific report identifies as of World Heritage standard. Minister Burke has given the green light to landscape destruction. This mine will result in environmental vandalism on a grand scale. AntiKorean rallies are growing in Tokyos ShinOkubo district, with the hate speech ramping up to even death threats. Both men who hacked British soldier to death were known by UK intelligence services Swedish riots rage for fourth night Christian academy in Surrey, British Columbia gives enrollment priority to those experienced in speaking in tongues. The nonprofit society that operates the school received $5.8 million in government funding last year. Video of man who killed soldier with machete in London speaking with bloodied hands Journalist Riham Said rips of hijab, gives Muslim cleric Yousuf Badri huge serve on national TV Sweden riots spread to south of capital Attack in London being treated as terrorism Pussy Riots Imprisoned Russian Rock Star Alekhina announces hunger strike North Korea's hidden labor camps exposed A new UN panel is vowing to hold North Korea's Kim regime to 'full accountability' for decades of mass crime and murder. Will Pyongyang face ICC indictment? Pope proclaims all redeemed, even atheists. The Lord has redeemed all of us, all of us, with the Blood of Christ all of us, not just Catholics. Everyone! 'Father, the atheists?' Even the atheists. Everyone! Gay Marriage Bill Passed in the UK Unconfirmed shootings in London BBC News. 2nd day of riots in Stockholm suburb shakes Sweden. BBC News  LIVEPolice attend London Machete Beheading On Street POLICE have twice stopped a woman, 73, from boarding a plane to Africa to meet an online romance scammer who fleeced her of $75,000. Torture Victims Body Is Found Near U.S. Base Afghan investigators say the man was seen in a videotape undergoing torture at the hands of an AfghanAmerican translator for a U.S. Special Forces unit Malaysian man who is charged with raping a 13yearold girl before marrying her under sharia law has provoked national outrage, as the father claims the accused paid the family Mystery Irish Potato Famine pathogen identified 170 years later  It's the 1st ancient plant genome to be successfully sequenced, a breakthrough expected to help fight modern agricultural diseases German software giant to recruit hundreds of people with autism after pilot project succeeded SAP sees a potential competitive advantage to leveraging the unique talents of people with autism World on course to run out of water, warns Ban Kimoon Freshwater supply and water quality under pressure, warns UN secretary general on International Day of Biological Diversity Libyan Islamists Bomb Catholic Church In Benghazi Nutella lawyers shut down what other companies would consider a wet dream UK justice minister insists the UK Pakistani community must tackle grooming (rape) gangs Russian drunk driver who killed 7, including 5 orphans, at bus stop gets 8 and a half years China agrees to impose carbon targets by 2016. Koreans more racist than Chinese or Japanese Godless funerals thrive in postCatholic Ireland. 'The growth has come amid a backdrop of church decline. The number of people who call themselves Catholics is at an alltime low' Number of Afghan women jailed for fleeing abuse soars | World news Quebec area where cancer rates are 80 times higher to be studied Lithuanian Foreign Minister Israel risks facing boycott of all Israeli goods by European countries US Senate committee votes to provide weapons to Syrian rebels Body of Footless Torture Victim Unearthed Near US Special Forces Base in Afghanistan Latest development deepens mystery surrounding activities in Wardak Province Millions falling into poverty in recessionracked Italy report India Bans Captive Dolphin Shows as Morally Unacceptable  Says they're highly intelligent & should be seen as nonhuman persons with their own specific rights. Intelligence reports confirm that China is quietly encouraging regime change in North Korea and is grooming Kim's older brother Kim Jongnam to take over his role when Kim Jongun's control over the country crumbles. Teen dies after hiding embarrassing testicle lump Preschools may get right to bar unvaccinated children A retired Church of England priest has been found guilty of a catalogue of historic sex attacks on young children has been jailed for 10 years Large majorities in the Muslim world want the Islamic legal and moral code of sharia as the official law in their countries China demands North Korea release captured Chinese. British police officers will be forced to name any friends who work in the media, or else face the sack, under new guidelines Worldwide Protests Against Monsanto Scheduled For May 25th North Korea releases Chinese fishing crew. Nazi Swastika Flag Raised Near Palestinian Mosque 'WikiLeaks' founder Julian Assange said that he has received a series of unclassified instant message exchanges from UK intelligence officials suggesting that he is being framed.' Eddie Izzard Two more tours and Ill be mayor  Izzard will seek Labour's nomination to run in the 2020 London Mayoral Election Climber's phone call from Everest 'illegal' Catholic Church takes on reproductive rights in Philippines, risks further alienation. We know (greater access to birth control) will just snowball later on. After this, they will file bills for divorce, euthanasia, abortion, and homosexual marriages. Residents of a western Mexico area who endured months besieged by a drug cartel cheered the arrival of hundreds of Mexican soldiers Monday. [xpost from /r/worldevents] [UK] Tory Lord beleives Gay marriage bill may lead to 'lesbian queen and artificially inseminated heir' | He beleives the legislation could allow him to marry his son to escape inheritance tax Church of Scotland votes to allow gay ministers Russian spacecraft returns to Earth with most of its furry crew dead B.C. police find first counterfeits of new 100$ polymer bills, meant to be impossible to have counterfeits Syria and Israel in exchange of fire Saudi Arabia executes 5 Yemenis, displays bodies UK signals support for EU import of Canadian tar sands oil Leaked papers show UK rejects proposal to classify oil from tar sands as highly polluting, a label that would deter EU countries from importing it Tunisia topless Femen activist arrested for 'immoral gestures' Our society is Muslim and we do not accept this marginal behaviour Homeless Melbourne girl 'gangraped' Police raid school teacher for uploading $4.00 history book to his website that offers free educational resources for students 1000 year old coins discovered in Australia could rewrite history Viacom, Paramount, Fox and Lionsgate have all asked Google to take down links pointing to the Pirate Bay documentary TPBAFK. North Korean forces have seized a Chinese fishing boat. Ranbaxy Laboratories knowingly sold inferior and dangerously contaminated generic drugs. When discussing the quality of AIDS drugs sold in Africa, an executive allegedly said, Who cares? It's just blacks dying. Youths burn 100 cars in north Stockholm riots 4 African girls invent a generator that produces 6 hrs of electricity from one glass of urine Deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon pacing 88% higher than last year's rate Yemeni women used to tell their children, go to bed or I will call your father, a villager tells CNN. Now they say, go to bed or I will call the drone. That is a golden ticket you give al Qaeda to use against you. Report Calls on World Leaders to End War on Drugs UK Police retain DNA from thousands of children. Some 120,000 gene samples taken in two years, as police forces argue they are acting within the law Golden Dawn MP stopped from taking gun into parliament. North Korea launches shortrange missile into East Sea for the third day in a row News museum caves to Israel lobby will not honor two cameramen killed while working for Hamasrun AlAqsa TV, reversing a Friday decision to include them on a memorial for fallen journalists How Humans Are Changing the Planetin 7 Dramatic GIFs Julian Assange reveals GCHQ messages discussing Swedish extradition Half of the silk on sale in Beijing contains little or no silk, study finds. GCHQ embarrassment as WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange reveals instant messages that he says point to 'fit up' Restraint is the new red in China President Xi Jinping is pressing the Communist Party's elite to cut back on lavish living amid growing public resentment. The economic effect is farreaching. Iran Hangs Men Convicted Of Spying For U.S., Israel Syria has surfacetosurface Tishreen missiles aimed at Tel Aviv and is ready to use them should Israel decide to conduct a strike on Damascus Do white people have a future in South Africa? 'The answer, as with so many similar existential questions, is Yes  but' 'Terrorist attack' against Moscow prevented after counterterrorism raid in the town of OrekhovoZuyevo Rice being planted 10 miles from Fukushima Daiichi  Residents cant stay in town overnight  Intended for sale Julian Assange reveals GCHQ messages discussing Swedish extradition  WikiLeaks founder uses subject access request to access British agency chatter, which allegedly calls extradition 'a fitup' Canada 'marijuana seed dealer' extradited to US  may face up to 25 years in US jail for a crime punishable by only a $200 fine in Canada b'Russians Capture, Raid and Destroy Pirate Ship (video)' b'Hamas is set to destroy 180 Gaza houses in order to erect an Islamic religious center. Palestinian Center for Human Rights says Hamas has already destroyed 20 homes, forcing 150 people to live in tents.' b'SAUDI ARABIA Woman Opens Fire on Religious Police Officers' b'The secret life of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange ' John Cleese plans 'alimony tour' to pay his exwife  Armed with a netbook, medical supplies and a bicycle, Bangladesh's InfoLadies are giving millions of poor people access to crucial information on their doorsteps that will improve their chances in life  b'Fijian dictator plans to modernise the country by introducing public floggings, dress codes for women' b'7 Abandoned Wonders of the Former Soviet Union Deserted Cities, Buildings, Bases and More [pics]n' b'Owner of Kyrgyzstan fuel depot speaks out Could American officials be prosecuted for corruption?' b'Toyota investing $50m in electric car firm Tesla Motors' b'Pink Hitler posters provoke fury in Italy' b'160+ dead in Air India crash' b'BBC News  How France maintains its grip on Africa' b'Brazil orders Polish priest arrested in abuse case' In Havana, it's illegal for Cubans to migrate to Cuba b'EU staff demand more money in the midst of debt crisis' b'Six survivors in the horrific plane crash in Mangalore, India' b'Freedom Flotilla begins journey to Gaza' b'AUSSIES heading to South Africa for the World Cup are in more danger of becoming a victim of violence than in Afghanistan.' b'German torpedo sank South Korea ship report ' b'Thai government talks reconciliation' b'According to Clinton, evidence is overwhelming in Korean warship sinking.' Chinese gov't All geo data about China must be stored on servers inside China b'Clinton Sees House She Helped Build at China Expo' b'While everybody its talking about the flu, Mexico will legalize Drugs for personal use' b'Egypt orders slaughter of all pigs  roughly between 300,000350,000  over swine flu.' b'CNN  patient zero has been found, and he likes ice cream' b'Blasphemy to possibly become punishable by up to 100,000 in Ireland; Amendment to Defamation Bill proposed by Justice Minister Dermot Ahern' Now Russia's in the game  warship captures captures Somali vessel with 29 on board b'With no $10 laptop in sight, India buys 250,000 OLPC (One Laptop Per Child) laptops' b'China to Let Taiwan Participate in UN Body  Step Towards Greater Recognition of Taiwan' b'North Korea threatens Missile Test if Security Council does not apologize for Condemnation of last Missile Test' b'Boliva is the Saudi Arabia of Lithium. You can literally scrape it off the ground. [PBS VIDEO]' Cannabis Ain't A Crime  a British High Court challenge to drug law b'1948  Head of German Gestapo hired by...  CIA' b'110 Scale Saturn V Rocket Succesful Launch ' b'WHO raises pandemic alert level 5, saying all of humanity is under threat. ' b'Spain Opens Inquiry on Guantnamo ' U.S. planning to cut off Talibans main source of money, the countrys multimilliondollar opium crop, by pouring thousands of troops into provinces that bankroll the group's operations. b'World Bank finds Israels water policy hard to swallow  The National Newspaper' b'Hey nice biceps!...When the teenager realised it was Purple Aki, he ran away very frightened and very shaken' b'Network which used pensioners to smuggle drugs on cruise ships broken up in Spain' b'Deep in the Amazonian jungle, a rare Indian tribe extends this maternal instinct beyond its own species. In a remote village, shaded by giant trees, the breasts of female humans also feed the urgent lips of hungry baby monkeys.' b'Aporkalypse Now more swine flu cases reported in New Zealand' b'They found the kid who licked the pig' b'Police in the Russian city of St Petersburg were today searching for a rare missing leopard which was stolen yesterday when thieves ambushed a TV producer and drove off in his luxury Mercedes 4x4.' b'SKorean experts claim to have cloned glowing dogs' b'Palestinian Embassy was inaugurated in Venezuela' b'A Palestinian military court condemns a man to death by hanging for treason for selling land to Israelis.' Muslims dont care about Swine Flu being called Swine Flu.  The Israeli minister doesn't speak for us. Mexico outbreak traced to 'manure lagoons' at pig farm Canada Cops can now 'take all your stuff' Mexico's Senate has approved a bill decriminalizing possession of small amounts of narcotics for personal use, in order to free resources to fight violent drug cartels. b'Why is the news freaking out about the Swine flu? 3040,000 people die from the regular flu in the US each year and 300500,000 worldwide' b'A clear message must be sent to Israel The sanctions against this settlement builder should be the start of a wider boycott of all who profit from the enforced acquisition of Palestinian land.' b'Baxter Healthcare  The company contracted to make a swine flu vaccine, accidentally shipped LIVE bird flu in a vaccine' b'Any news channel passing off infotainment as news should be required, by law, to have a highly visable and and scrolly message that read, This information is for entertainment purposes only and may not be factual.' b' Exsoldier bragged about Iraqi rape, deaths lawyer' b'Lithuania's economy shrinks 12.6%, Our economy is falling into deep hole, and I see no positive signs in the nearest future, says financial analyst in Vilnius.' b'Britain Another terror scare revealed as baseless' b'Pakistani fighter jets bomb Taliban in an effort to halt advance on Islamabad' b'Chinese students register US based website to complain' b'Swastika priest  A priest has shocked parishioners by welcoming them to church wearing a swastika armband' Dubai property prices 'fall 41%' in 3 months 1976 Swine flu 'debacle' Triggeres an Enduring Public Backlash Against Flu Vaccinations b'Three men have been cleared of helping to plan the 7/7 London suicide attacks with an alleged reconnaissance mission' b'Swine Flu Container Explodes on Train in Switzerland' A population control pressure group has issued a call for the Australian government to institute a onechild policy to ensure the continent's environmental and economic sustainability. b' Israel renames unkosher swine flu' b'Stonehenge pagan ordered to end 10month protest' b'Putting things into perspective How many people die of flu every year? How many died of swineflu?' b'Worldrenowned pianist declares he will not return to U.S.' b'The United States, this fabled land of immigrants, has fallen dismally far behind countries like Australia and Canada in openness to immigration.' b'Map of Swine Flu cases; updated in realtime as reports come in.  Last week this was just a few dots in Mexico' b'Redditors awarded for being homo heroes' b'The Pirate Bay FTW!' b'European Internet users, rejoice! Amandement 138 was voted again and the European Internet has been saved. For now.' b'14 videos showing footage of British police tactics during G20 protests  Bloody disgrace!' British police respond to 'trial by media' b'Israeli President We all want a world that is clean of nuclear bombs, but the problem is that those holding the bombs are religious fanatics, extremists, that do not cringe from all methods of killing' b'Memberhistory for the Swedish Pirate Party' b'Kuwait state arrests candidate for .. criticizing the ruling family' New Video Shows Police At G20's Protest Beating People With Batons And Shields [video] b'China plans to build 93,000ton atomicpowered aircraft carrier' b'Iraqi militia torturing gay men by glueing their anus' b'Mossad agent attempts to derail the prosecution of two AIPAC spies by suborning a member of Congress and promising her the chairmanship of the Intelligence Committee' b'State of Emergency extended in Thailand' b'After victory in the Swat Valley, the Taliban are moving into the next region.  100km from Islamabad.  How long until US troops deploy to Pakistan?' b'Internet radicals ready themselves for European Parliament' Teen pirate came under flag of truce. He should've used flag of parley. b'60 years ago  the Zionist 9/11 that failed A group of Jewish terrorists who planned to drop leaflets and bombs on London fall into a police trap' b'China will display its nuclear submarines for the first time in history' b'Sri Lanka army accused of carnage' b'63,000 Tamils refugees flee from LTTE territory in Sri Lanka' The story of 8 year old quadriplegic  Maria Aman and what it says about the Israeli government's attitude towards Palestinians Any idea that Chavez is some sort of threat to the United States is absurd. It's hard to see his fiery antiAmerican rhetoric as anything more than performance art b'Ahmadinejad dropped language describing the Holocaust as ambiguous and dubious from a prepared speech' b'Second woman says Paraguay president fathered kid out of wedlock when he was a Roman Catholic bishop' Ahmadinejad's speech at the UN Conference on racism full text b'Israel decides to build a Museum of Tolerance atop a Muslim cemetery' b'Israeli Legislator Writes Letter To Rahm Emanuel, Reminding Him That He Needs To Be Loyal To Jewish People And Israel Only, Not America' b'The public are fast losing patience with thuggish policing' b'A survey 16 copyright regimes around the world found the United Kingdom is the worst, a blessed plot which makes it illegal to rip CDs, doesn't protect parody and satire, and puts a copyright on government documents.' b'Ahmadinejad says Israel is run by a racist government, western diplomats stage walkout at UN conference' b'IDF thugs beating women and teenagers, forcing a teens arm out and hitting the elbow with a brick in an attempt to break it' b'Cult author JG Ballard dead at 78' Red Cross 'worn out' in Sri Lanka (Horrifying picture included) b'Hamas accused of extrajudicial killings of Palestinians in Gaza' International condoms 'too big' for Indian men Turkey's scheming in Strasbourg shows it doesn't belong in the European Union.  By Christopher Hitchens b'Swiss president ignores Israel lobby and proceeds to meet with his Iranian counterpart on the eve of the antiracism Durban Review Conference being held in Geneva.' Britain walks out of conference as Ahmadinejad calls Israel 'racist' b'Father denies Slumdog child sale  He was tempted, he rejecteed the offer, then he was blatantly slandered' b'China Late last year, the government cut to 1 percent its tax on family vehicles with fuelsipping engines no larger than 1.6 liters, while raising the levies to as much as 40 percent on cars, minivans and sport utility vehicles with larger engines.' According to reports, the European Commission will soon begin an investigation into the British government's use of Internet surveillance b'Swedes demonstrate in support of Pirate Bay' Hamas directed gunmen to eliminate political opponents and suspected collaborators under the cover of Israel's military offensive in Gaza b'Lets Get The Somali Pirates To Patrol The Seas. It Would Save Money And All The Hassle' Torture Victim Turns Tables on Libya at 'Racism' Conference... b'Amnesty International Fiji Develops Culture of Fear Under Military Rule' Somalia's Godfathers RansomRich Pirates b'While Whitelisting Syria, Linkedin Keeps Sudans Internet Users Blocked!' Prince Charles told don't interfere on planning decisions ** Leading architects complain that prince abuses position to 'skew' planning decisions b'Muslim Cleric participates in Rabbis and Imams for peace conference, then goes on TV and declares that Jews are inherently evil and that no Jew or Zionist will be left on the face of this earth' b'Five men decide a 19 yearold is a coward, so they take him into a tent, strip him down, handcuff and hold him down, and indecently assault him while video and photographing the scene.  This setting is Afghanistan, but the players are all British soldiers.' b'Swedish Pirate Party Doubles in Size After Bay Verdict ' b'Israeli Soldiers Shoot American Between The Eyes With Tear Gas At AntiDemolition/Settlement Protest In The West Bank [WARNING Graphic Video]' b'[ThePirateBay] The judge that sentenced Piratebay founders is a member of antipiracy organizations' b'10 Days after imposing Sharia Law, Taliban militants have now taken control of Brunei the strategically important district just 70 miles from the capital. Honestly, how long does Pakistan have?' b'Pirate Bay Judge Accused of Bias, Calls for a Retrial' b'If Lieberman had turned up to speak, would western delegates and ambassadors have staged a walkout? ' b'Thailand  Army Bullets Used in Assassination Attempt' b'Netanyahu No Peace Talks With the Palestinians Until Obama Does Something About Iran.....' b'Do Palestinians Really Want a State?  the psychology of the Middle East conflict' British troops 'breached human rights laws'; captives were [allegedly] tortured, murdered and their bodies mutilated.  b'Oh, btw, your general works for me....' b'Olmert, Livni and Ehud Barak charged with war crimes by a group of Norwegian lawyers. New law in Norway allows foreigners to face charges against war crimes, genocide and crimes against humanity.' b'Baghdad  A suicide bomber killed at least 28 people  detonating a belt of explosives as police distributed aid to a crowd of homeless families.' b'Czech Soldiers in Afghanistan We're Not Going to Fight, it's Dangerous....' b'The Inventor of the Web Opposes to Online Spying' b'I feel good today because of this video Stand By Me performed by street musicians across the world & spliced/mixed together. Excellent.' b'Bolivian President Evo Morales on Wednesday accused the World Bank of trying to blackmail his country several years ago by demanding freemarket reforms in exchange for aid loans' b'Israel defies US and destroys Palestinian home' b'Taliban Seize Vital Pakistan Area Closer to the Capital' The Japanese government is offering to pay the air fair for hundreds of thousands of bluecollar Latin American immigrants and their families if they'll sign an agreement promising never to work in Japan again. b'China Unveils New Fleet of Nuclear Submarines' The good news Somalia's most powerful Islamist is back to stabilize the country. The bad news Somalia's most powerful Islamist is back to stabilize the country. b'Criminal duress got skipped for distractionary conversations of torture how?  Remember Valerie Plame sacrificed during spy shortage?  Why not!  How did we get her name, anyway?' b'Independent journalist fined for taking video of Belarus KGB officer' b'Israeli FM Believe me, America accepts all our decisions. The Obama Admin will put forth new peace initiatives only if Israel wants it to.' Video shows UAE royal setting man's testicles on fire, running him over with an SUV. Welcome to Dubai, have a pleasant stay! b'China wants citizens with unique names to change them under new ID system' b'US Freddie Mac chief found dead' Full Text of President Ahmadinejad's Remarks at U.N. Conference on Racism b'The results indicate that 74% of Palestinians and 78% of Israelis are willing to accept a twostate solution on an option range from tolerable to essential, while 59% of Palestinians and 66% of Israelis find a single binational state unacceptable.' b'European Prosecutors Are Likely To Investigate CIA And Bush Administration Officials On Suspicion Of Violating An International Ban On Torture If They Are Not Held Legally Accountable At Home, According To U.N. Officials And Human Rights Lawyers.' b'70euro admission charge for unlimited food, drink and sex between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m' b'All of 12 men arrested over a suspected bomb plot in the UK two weeks ago have now been released without charge.' b'Torture tape implicates UAE Royal Sheik; victim is whipped, beaten, electrocuted, run over by SUV Viewer Discretion is Advised ' WTF?! France trying to pass harsh new law that would cut off internet access for people who download pirated music and films. Gov't agency called HADOPI will police the intrnet on behalf of copyright owners b'The world attends to Palestinian grievances but not Chechen ones for the sole reason that Palestinians are, uniquely, the perceived victims of the Jewish state.' b'DHS Chief Janet Napolitano Says 9/11 Hijackers Came From Canada....' b'Britian unveils plans for 50% tax bracket ' b'Russian SWAT in action while capturing bank robbers! Most viral video in Russia! [VIDEO]' b'Netanyahu again attempts to dictate US foreign policy' b'Hugo Chvez gives to Barack Obama an island to be transformed into an environmental reserve' Finally, I'm in America!!! Save Steve Irwins Place! Australian Govt allowing Bauxite mine to be built next door. Sign the Petition pls..or I'll get my thumb and.... Covert Mexican drug agents 'dead' b'A Workers Paradise Found Off Japans Coast' b'Earthlike planet Gliese 581 e discovered, a rocky mass of 1.9 Earth masses!' b'Kiwis confused about the proper names of their islands' b'Old Europe investigates whether to pursue Bush officials on torture' b'Q&A Sri Lanka crisis ' b'Snow Patrol lead singer defends Pirate Bay founders and says If you want to download music  just fucking go for it!' b'Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, Stated On Thursday There Will Be No Freeze Of The Construction And Expansion Of Settlements In The West Bank' b'Mexico City . This evening the Senate approved the opinion of the legislative initiative to combat drug trafficking, which allows the carrying of small doses of drugs, marijuana, cocaine and crystal, among others.' b'Apartheid Israel Destroys more Palestinian Homes in Jerusalem' b'Irish reject evoting, go back to paper  Ars Technica' b'Eight Scientists Find Active Nanothermite in 9/11 WTC Dust  April 6, 2009' b'Killer flu Mexico City shuts down' b'OK, Who Brought The Israeli Oranges Into Iran?' b'Today Iceland, the first casualty of the financial crisis, votes a new legislator and government. Will it make a difference?' $$$ behind Fearmongering Of Pakistan's Demise b'Interpol seeks arrest of Venezuelan opposition leader' b'The worlds longest running failed state. Also pirates.' b'There are almost 200,000 private contractors in Iraq (more than US soldiers) and Obama is continuing to use mercenaries there and in Afghanistan and Israel/Palestine.' Spain's jobless rate rose sharply, to 17.36% with 4 million people out of work; more than double the European Union average World Health Organization Mexico swine flu has 'pandemic potential' b'How To Protest Corruption In Zimbabwe Activists Make Posters And Placards Out Of Trillion Dollar Notes To Protest Against Mugabe [cool pics]' b'Transcript Interview with U.N. torture official Manfred Novak' b'Media fee to replace Finland TV licence ' b'Live updates from the elections in Iceland by the blogger in Iceland  Surviving Iceland' b'Mexico All public events suspended  Se suspenden todos los eventos pblicos ' b'Aussie troops strike Taliban heartland, 80 dead' b'Swine Flu Deaths Raise Fears Of Global Pandemic' b'2,800 organised criminal gangs, British law enforcement is illequipped to deal with the threat that they pose' Is Pakistan going to crumble? Pakistan's Taliban dilemma and why a partition may be imminent b'The amazing thing is not that you have cases of suicider students but the amazing thing is that the bulk of them try to carry on in the middle of this mess as if life is normal, they want to celebrate their graduation and they want to build their life...' b'I think more people need to understand what waterboarding is. [VIDEO]' b'Poland to ban Che Guevara image and other materials that incite fascism and totalitarian systems' b'We may need to seek them out and destroy them where they live,. Vioxx maker Merck and Co drew up doctor hit list.' b'Israel admits to having used white phosphorus in Gaza.' b'Key Tamil Tigers leadership surrender, Sri Lanka within days of ending a 25 year civil war.' b'Taxing the rich, chart of income tax rates for the wealthiest in various countries.' G20 police officer said he wanted to 'beat up hippies' on Facebook  b'Pirate Bay lawyer wants a retrial' Dick Cheney's death squad killed Lebanese former prime minister Rafik Hariri b'Tens of thousands of Armenians march through the capital to commemorate the 94th anniversary of the Armenian genocide' b'Pedophile Priest Hires Private Detectives to Harass His Victims' b'Islamic insurgents advance closer to Pakistani capital' b'60 dead in Mexico flu outbreak' b'80 people died in Iraq and 120 others were injured thursday in three bombings, one by a female suicide bomber that held a young childs hand as she set off her explosives among a group of women and children receiving emergency food aid' Spain's jobless rate soars to 17.4%, doubling over the past 12 months b'Israeli FM Lieberman World leaders must drop 'land for peace' and 'twostate solution' slogans, the obstacle to any solution is not Israel. It is not the Palestinians. It's the Iranians.' b'Bank wants 40,000 pounds from G20 girl 17 ' Attorney General If you were just following orders, then you're good. Seems strangely familiar... b'Fatal swine flu breaks out in Mexico' b'Twintrack talks in Burma raise peace hopes' b'Report Reporters to be tried in N. Korea' b'Cops taser naked man at arts festival (with video)' Sweden spied on CIA 'terror flights' b'Former KKK leader David Duke has been detained by police in the Czech Republic on suspicion of denying the Holocaust.' Nobel laureate accuses Israel of 'ethnic cleansing' b'The outbreak of swine flu should be renamed Mexican influenza in deference to Muslim and Jewish sensitivities over pork, said an Israeli health official Monday.' 'Panic Can Spread More Quickly Than Swine Flu' b'First the swine flu, now an earthquake. Mexico City is doomed!' b'British Government Plan to monitor all internet use  We are watching you' b'How an FBI agent got Abu Zubaydah to talk without Torture.' b'Peering into North Korea' b'Sweden has the highest incidence of reported rapes in Europe  twice as many as runner up the UK, a new study shows.' b'Map showing the spread of the swine virus' Israel's secret plan for West Bank expansion  Middle East, World  The Independent This will end well Jerusalem settlement 'extended' b'Give us back our private lives  UK government unveils plans to monitor every one of our phone calls and emails' Poland's Secret CIA Prison b'Europes first case of swine flu confirmed in Spain' b'WHO raises pandemic alert to phase 4.' b'Peaceful Palestinian demonstrations met with Israeli teargas, stun grenades & live ammunition' b'First lesbian prime minister wins Iceland election under leftwing coalition' EU warning Don't travel to U.S., Mexico.  Warning comes as Spain reports first confirmed case of swine flu in Europe. b'British nuclear subs repeatedly leaked radioactive material' b'The arms trade has expanded by more than 20% worldwide in the past five years, with the Middle East and Asian countries accounting for most of the increase. The US was by far the largest arms supplier, accounting for 31% of global weapons exports, with over a third going to the Middle East.' b'Iran arms ship bound for Gaza downed near Sudan' b'The likely next leader of North Korea has been chosen' b'Fouryearold could hold key in search for source of swine flu outbreak' b'The worlds climate scientists in both public and private are admitting the same thing  defeat.  Global warming won.  Humans lost.' b'UK government scrap plans for the goverment run internet database, draw up plans to require ISPs to log the data' b'Over 100 dead in Mexico flu outbreak, markets jittery' b'I work as a resident doctor in one of the biggest hospitals in Mexico City and sadly, the situation is far from under control' b'London Cop's Facebook Rob Ward can't wait to bash some long haired hippys up @ the G20.  Twenty minutes later another Facebook user posted a reply that said Dats bad but good in da same way lol [laugh out loud]. ' b'WHY is Mexico Citys international airport, which handles about 70,000 passengers each day, operating normally???' b'Cruise ship fends off pirate attack with gunfire.  Israeli private security forces exchange fire with bandits and drive them off' Forced back to their last 5 square miles of territory, the Tamil Tiger's offer a ceasefire on humanitarian grounds. Sri Lanka insists they surrender. b'The outbreak coincided with the President Barack Obamas trip to Mexico City on April 16. Obama was received at Mexicos anthropology museum in Mexico City by Felipe Solis, a distinguished archeologist who died the following day from symptoms similar to flu' b'Norway given more Continental Shelf by the UN' b'swine flu map' b'Lost Wallets People who have experienced deprivation tend to be more generous than the very wealthy. ' b'Swineflu outbreak linked to Smithfield factory farms' b'US created Taliban and abandoned Pakistan Clinton' No more Bonuses at UBS after bailout? Then We''ll Raise our Salaries by 1520% ... b'Rwanda bans BBC local broadcasts ' b'British MI6 agent throws war against drug traffickers into chaos by leaving top secret information about covert operations on a bus in South America' b'Somali pirates attack German cruise liner with 1200 passengers on board. Guntoting security of the ship successfully fights them off.' b'Looks like the Flu Is Spreading' Mexico gov't decrees special powers in flu crisis b'Swine flu tracker  wash your hands says CDC!' b'Baxter (the company that  sent contaminated seasonal flu product contained live bird flu virus) is working on vaccine to stop swine flu outbreak in Mexico.' Was Israel Planning To Destroy Iran's Airforce? b'13 kids killed by bomb disguised as toy in Pakistan' b'Hey Reddit ... You want peace in the Middle East?  This is the only way that will happen.' b'Keeping track of swine flu with a worldwide map showing infections by country. (courtersy of Wikimedia Commons)' b'Press release FluForecast warning was issued a year before the recent Mexico and California H1N1 pig flu cases. Hope this is a good thing.' b'Yukihisa Fujita, a member of the Upper House of the Japanese Parliament has recently published a book  Fujita claims that 9/11 as the main reason for the War on Terror needs to be newly investigated in order to find peaceful solutions.' Arrest warrant and rape charges against Julian Assange dropped WikiLeaks founder Julien Assange accused of rape in Stockholm, wanted by Swedish police. Wikipedia Editing for Zionists Assange no longer wanted Wyclef Jean Barred from Haiti Election Australia heads for first hung parliament since 1940 Julian Assange accused of two cases of rape according to swedish newspaper Was Dr David Kelly, a British government expert in germ warfare, murdered in run up to Iraq war? Iran to supply Lebanon with antimissile system Iran hopes Russia's next step be delivery of S300 missiles system MP Iran to fire up first nuclear power station North Korea opens a Twitter account. South Korea blocks its citizens from accessing the content, threatening offenders with jail. It is reported in the media that relief operations for around 700,000 persons could not be carried out because an airbase in Jacobabad district, Sindh province, is controlled by the US forces. Chomsky For South African sanctions, against Israeli sanctions.  For Jewish right of return, against Palestinian right of return. I regard myself as a supporter of Israel. Hundreds of people protest over killing of civilian by NATO troops in Afghanistan Egyptian Police Recover Stolen Van Gogh Painting Valued at $50 Million Australia set to vote a 20 year old into parliament Smear campaign suspected in Assange arrest  Venice's first female gondolier, in its 900 years history. Moscow city governments plan to come up with a Code of the Muscovite to instruct immigrants how to behave Iran to start up first nuclear reactor Wikicong launch Net offensive Government urged to reveal 'true' national debt of 4.8 trillion, or 78,000 for every person in the UK.  Floodwaters threaten city of halfmillion in Pakistan After hearing that Fidel Castro regulary wrote a newspaper column I wanted to find it online. None of the MSM who quoted it of course provided the link so here's a direct link to the english version. Google unveils detailed map of North Korea Libor Lies Revealed in Rigging of $300 Trillion Benchmark  The benchmark rate for more than $300 trillion of contracts was based on honesty. New evidence in banking's biggest scandal shows traders took it as a license to cheat.  Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands to announce abdication Israel a NoShow at Its UN Rights Review There is currently a Canadawide outage of the entire Visa credit card network. Surfer breaks world record by riding an enormous 100foot wave. Sword gang were like a pack of dogs as they stabbed 16yearold to death in central London  Telegraph Man sells canned fresh air in China. Welcome to yuppie capitalism, comrades. Tortoise 'survives in locked store room for 30 years' Melbourne pushes for world's toughest smoking ban that would prevent lighting up in all public spaces as part of a proposal to make the city healthier and more attractive to visitors Men are MUCH more likely to commit suicide by a wide margin. Hundreds of British troops will be deployed to Mali We cannot let states fail because we know from recent history that failed states just lead to really difficult circumstances, instability 'Dozens of bodies' found in Syria Syrian Rebels and Activist findThe bodies of dozens of young men, all apparently summarily executed Poison suspected in deaths of 10 endangered pygmy elephants in Borneo Stepgrandchildren of infamous Nazi propaganda boss Joseph Goebbels are hidden billionaires Iran sentences U.S. pastor to 8 years in prison for for his religious beliefs Growing number of dreadlocked people have had their hair stolen in Johannesburg the past few months. NoGo Zones Map Will Detail Germany's NeoNazi Hotspots. A German nonprofit organization is set to launch an interactive map that will show where neoNazi activities are concentrated across the country. AntiGay Bill German Foreign Minister Criticizes Russian Legislation    Moscow is seeking to make homosexual propaganda a prosecutable offense. But Germany's foreign minister  warns Russia's ambassador  it could aggravate EuropeanRussian relations. Niger gives green light to U.S. drone deployment Niger has given permission for U.S. surveillance drones to be stationed on its territory to improve intelligence on al Qaedalinked Islamist fighters in northern Mali and the wider Sahara, a senior government source said. Canadian mining firm allowed use of forced labour at African mine Large arms shipment intercepted off Yemen, Iran eyed as source
| Reuters 100yearold greatgrandfather has spent 34 years working for same firm after becoming bored with retirement
 One Billion Rising 'It's like a feminist tsunami' Moody's downgrades six Canadian banks Mali rebels fleeing Timbuktu burn library full of ancient manuscripts A Father in North Korea is reported to have been executed by firing squad after murdering his two children to eat them during a hidden famine that may have killed more than 10,000 people last year. Iceland wins controversial Icesave case at European court Timbuktu Mayor Says Islamists Burned Texts  
Extremists  torch library containing historic manuscripts in Timbuktu as French & Malian forces close in on the desert city.   They torched all the important ancient manuscripts. The ancient books of geography & science. Want to become a British citizen? Better swot up on Monty Python  New citizenship test will quiz people on all aspects of British life including comedy, music, history and science
 Israel gave birth control to Ethiopian Jews without their consent Wind power has surpassed nuclear power to become China's third largest energy resource 18yr old Australian man survives for nine weeks in bushland, in Summer, during 45 degree heatwave. Massive Explosion Traps 200+ Workers At Nuclear Facility In Iran; Denied By Iran WikiLeaks movie script apparently leaked to WikiLeaks Google faces legal action over alleged secret iPhone tracking 10 million UK iPhone users could have grounds to sue Google after it sidestepped Apple security settings to monitor web habits Britain's Economy Is a Disaster and Nobody Is Entirely Sure Why  Matthew O'Brien  The Atlantic Egypt unrest Morsi declares emergency in Port Said North Korea Sanctions by South would be 'declaration of war'  World News Doctors risk murder and torture for treating the wounded in Syrias civil war  Security precautions they take are extraordinary. Doctors use false names, even with each other. Carrying medical equipment is a risk and getting caught with a stethoscope at a checkpoint could mean death or detention Iran 'sends monkey into space' Liberated Malians celebrate, Frenchled forces clear Timbuktu Libor Scandal widens into Asian markets Iran arrests 11 journalists accused of cooperation with foreignbased media outlets Cow smuggling ... it's how Bangladesh gets its beef  Beef is a delicacy in Bangladesh, but Hindumajority India refuses to sell their sacred cows. The demand is so high, however, that a dangerous $920 million cow smuggling trade has popped up.   Paratroopers trained by special forces based in Canada were behind a failed countercoup in Mali last year to bring back a democratically elected government, but many have since been hunted down and killed by the countrys military. Ariel Sharon showing brain activity seven years into coma UK Government Romanian or Bulgarian? You won't like it here! Toyota reclaims world's top vehicle maker title Widening Gap Between Rich and Poor Threatens to Swallow Us All World Economic Forum in Davos    Global Risk report identifies growing inequality for the 2nd year as one of the biggest potential challenges the world is facing. $20 trillion oil basin discovered in Australia set to turn the country from importer to mass exporter. London 'Muslim Patrol' members arrested for homophobic public harrassment Road tunnel in Norway to stay shut for several weeks after 27 tonnes of cheese catches fire An official says Nepal's government will begin issuing citizenship certificates with the category 'third gender' for people who do not wish to be identified as male or female. Single and Over 27 What the Chinese Government Calls Leftover Women Princess Bride quote intimidates passengers on a flight to New Zealand.  In other news, Inigo Montoya added to the terrorist watch list. Despite win, Netanyahu loses big in Israel election. Israel's next coalition government will likely be significantly less beholden to rightwing hardliners than the current one. Magazine editor jailed for 11 years for defaming Thai king  King of Thailand had previously said that he did not object to criticism. Morocco to Change Law Allowing 'Rape Marriage'  
Women's rights activists are welcoming a proposal by the justice minister to change a law that allows rapists to escape prosecution if they marry their underage victim Chinese Workers Take Japanese Bosses Hostage To Protest 2Minute Limit On Bathroom Breaks Canadian oil company fined millions for bribing African officials. Man survives falling from Siberian train and running 4 miles in 40C, wearing just a Tshirt, shorts and slippers Two million people of working age have left Britain over the last decade in a drain of talent. Mali's musicians defiant in face of music ban by Islamists  they sing Song for Peace. Take a listen.  Selfish, ignorant, dangerous Europe's verdict on Cameron speech Nepal introduces transgender category on ID cards Iran authorities step up political surveillance, ordering coffee shops to install cameras to monitor customers  Top Japanese Official Urges Elderly to Hurry Up and Die  Famous Bridge in India is in Danger of Coming Down...Because of Spit Primed and Ready Huge Pentagon BunkerBuster Gets Green Light For Possible Iran Mission  Spain has long been disconnected from the highspeed rail network that crisscrosses Europe. But no longer. A new line connecting Madrid, Barcelona and Paris opened last week. For Rape Victims in India, Police Are Often Part of the Problem New Zealand environmentalist wants all cats in the country to be banned, to save the birds Suicide bomber kills 22 inside Iraqi Shi'ite mosque Syria builds paramilitary force aided by Iran, NGO says A new asteroidmining company, Deep Space Industries, Inc., launches Tuesday with the goal of helping humanity expand across the solar system by tapping the vast riches of space rocks.  It plans to launch a fleet of prospecting spacecraft in 2015. Canadian student whistleblower tells his college about massive security breach in their system, gets expelled. The Vatican built a secret property empire using Mussolini's millions Population Bomb scientist Nobody has the right to as many children as they want Immigrants Are Being Stabbed to Death on the Streets of Athens | VICE Air cadets rewrite their oath to remove God from pledge One of the UK's largest and most respected youth organisations, the Air Cadet Organisation, will no longer compel its new members to take a religious oath Chinas Water Pollution Crisis  According to one report, up to 40 percent of Chinas rivers were seriously polluted and 20 percent were so polluted their water quality was rated too toxic even to come into contact with. Irish council has voted to back a motion allowing for people living in rural areas to drink and drive India warns Kashmiris of possible nuclear attack The cost of solar energy has dropped below the cost of diesel generation worldwide for communities living away from the electricity grid, according to the International Renewable Energy Agency Prince Harry I've killed in Afghanistan. But Dad wants me to act like a prince
 Japan threatens to fire at chinese fighters  Chinese military officer has raised the spectre of nuclear weapons and warned Australia not to side with the United States and Japan as a territorial dispute in the East China Sea continues to escalate.
 Not a Fake Headline France Mad at United States for Not Vigorously Supporting an Intervention Gambia Gov't Announces FourDay Working Week  Fridays will henceforth become rest and prayer days alongside Saturdays and Sundays In Mexico, citizens take on gang violence themselves. A 56 year old British Grandmother has been sentenced to death in Indonesia for drugtrafficking $2.6 Million worth of Cocaine Turkey Nine Human Rights Lawyers Imprisoned Are Animals Near Chernobyl Mutating or Thriving? Russia to evacuate citizens from Syria Huge gas leak creates rotten egg small across France and the UK. ''The trafficking of young children, especially girls, under the garb of placement agencies, is the biggest organised crime in India today,'' said Bhuwan Ribhu Polio virus found in Egypt linked to Pakistan Russia pushes forward with controversial antigay legislation that would outlaw homosexual propaganda' Bank of Denmark to charge customers fee for having account to increase profits; receives fierce critisism Google Earth puts North Korea labour camps on the map  RT News Russia moves to enact antigay law nationwide The Swiss turn on the superrich An investigation by the BBC has revealed that Thai officials have been selling boat people from Burma to human traffickers. Ugandan soldiers have killed one of Kony's bodyguards, believed to be in charge of child abductions. Japans finance minister Taro Aso say the elderly should be allowed to hurry up and die instead of costing the government money for endoflife medical care Neutral Austria votes to keep military draft  60 percent voted in favour of maintaining the draft, which is seen as binding civil society to the military and instilling a sense of citizenship in young men. China has accused the US Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, of presenting a distorted picture of its dispute with Japan over islands in the East China Sea. China's buying a fleet of Russian bombers perfect for taking on the US Navy An Australian scientist has said he discovered how to turn HIV against itself to stop it progressing to AIDS French, Mali Troops Retake Islamist Towns  They've recaptured the Malian towns of Diabaly & Douentza from Islamist fighters US Navy ship 'ignored reef warnings' Iran resorts to hangings in public to cut crime Three bottles of rare, 19th century Scotch found beneath the floor boards of Antarctic explorer Ernest Shackelton's  Germany's Pirate Party Suffers Massive Setback in Lower Saxony State Election Vatican's demand for silence is too high a price  Fr Tony Flannery Fracking 'will ruin Bath's spa waters' | UK Is Britain guilty of systemic torture in Iraq? 2nd Tibetan selfimmolates in China in a week Revolutionary Japan is suddenly the centre of world affairs  Telegraph Evidence Of Life On Mars May Be Underground... Known cases of the Guinea Worm tropical disease drop to 542, down from a high of 3.2 million 25 years ago Algeria crisis Hostage death toll 'rises to 48' Shark Attack British holidaymaker jumps into sea in Australia to drag thrashing beast away from children by its tail.


 Youth expelled from Montreal college after finding security flaw How to Catch Illegal Logging in the Amazon? Make a Trunk Call  Trees in Brazil being fitted with mobile phones.  Data is sent from sensors once logs are within 20 miles of a phone network so officials can stop sales. The system is run by Dutch company. Priest is planning to defy Vaticans orders to stay quiet. If I signed this, it would be a betrayal not only of myself but of my fellow priests and lay Catholics who want change. I refuse to be terrified into submission Oxford college sued over using 'selection by wealth' for admissions Canada Almost Dead Last on Environment  It produces more garbage per person than any other nation in study, twice as much garbage per capita as Japan, the best country in category. Ahead of only US & last place Australia on environmental performance Aaron Swartz Cannon Fodder in the War Against Internet Freedom  
Govts are determined to control the internet & if hackers like Swartz get in the way, they will be crushed A report about child sexual abuse in the Roman Catholic Church in Germany, based on victim accounts and released by the church this week, showed that priests carefully planned their assaults and frequently abused the same children repeatedly for years. Japan Confirms Dock on Washington Coast Is Tsunami Marine Debris An Islamic vigilante group has been confronting people in a London suburb asking women to cover up and to give up alcohol claiming they were living an 'unclean life' Residents in the northern Malian town of Gao on Saturday lynched a prominent Islamist leader in retaliation for the killing of a local journalist Foreigners Now Permitted to Carry Mobile Phones in North Korea Guatemala's president 'My country bears the scars from the war on drugs' 140 nations agree on legally binding rules to curb mercury pollution Antarctic cruise ship takes 50hour detour to rescue French sailor Alain Delord, who was attempting a solo roundtheworld voyage, off Tasmania Antipoaching drones to take off in Africa Sophie Schmidt's (ExGoogle CEO Eric Schmidt's daughter) photo and text impressions of their recent visit to North Korea. Call off war on drugs, leader of Guatemala tells the west President Otto Prez Molina says regulated narcotics market must be introduced to forestall threat to democracy from drug cartels Mexico Over 150 police in Durango state arrested on suspicion of organized crime links Antiracism protesters rally in Athens after Pakistani stabbed Japan warns China over 'airspace violations'  Deutsche Bank will continue to gamble on food products There is no correlation to world hunger. Investigation Shows Spanish Ruling Partys ExTreasurer Had $29 Million in Swiss Account 
A load of Thunderballs A shocking UK ruling (let's call it the 007 standard) gives undercover police licence to break hearts. It's the hacking of people's lives
 Stopping Child Labor There's an app for that  
A smartphone app in Colombia uses crowdsourcing to document and fight child labor. Whenever users see a child working they can take a picture, log the location, & the app sends it to Colombia's child welfare agency. Japan defends right to fire warning shots as territory dispute with China heats up
 70YrOld Lard Washes Up on Scottish Beach  Oceansoaked baked goods from 1940s seem to have come from a WWII merchant vessel. Barrels they were in rotted away, leaving lard pieces still bright white.  They  smelled good enough to have a fry up with.  Lard appeared on this beach in '40s & '60s. In New Zealand, the number of Facebook users has stayed the same over the last 3 months. 1315 years olds are leaving at the same rate as their parents are joining At least 90 people were killed in a nightclub fire caused by a pyrotechnics show in southern Brazil Nicholas Stern 'I got it wrong on climate change  it's far, far worse' Israel admits Ethiopian women were given birth control shots Death toll in Brazilian nightclub fire is now at least 220. Iran unveils machine for amputating thieves fingers | The Observers Poland's investigation into secret CIA prisons loses steam Sir David Attenborough Humans are a plague. Drugresistant infections could pose apocalyptic scenario, medical experts warn Glasgow to be UK's 1st 'Smart City'  It has quite extreme challenges  it has the lowest life expectancy of any city in the UK   & the hope is  if we bring together energy, transport, public safety & health it'll be  a better place to live.  It won 24 million  from  Technology Strategy Board . Environment Canada warns alleged polluters, instead of prosecuting them Berlusconi defends Mussolini for backing Hitler Official Hints Israel Has Shelved Its Plan for Attack on Iran Great Barrier Reef at Great Risk From Coal  The big mama of all reefs under siege by fossil fuel development pushed by recently elected conservative Queensland state govt. UNESCO  threatens to strip the reef of its World Heritage Site status  if  more isn't done to protect it. Egyptian Judge sentences 21 to death after riot kills 74 Brazil Nightclub Fire Kills at Least 90   A band's pyrotechnics show caused the fire. Some 2,000 people were in the nightclub when it broke out.  Archeologists revise image of ancient Celts | Culture | DW.DE  The allfemale militias of Syria French Capture Strategic Airport in Move to Retake North Mali Satellite photos suggest that North Korea is ready for a nuclear test Israel vows Syria strike at any sign of chemical arms transfer Why Clothes Might Not Be Made in China Much Longer Poland Source of Horsemeat in UK Beefburgers Scandal  
Irish govt says raw material imported from Poland had up to 20% horse DNA.  Irish food & agriculture minister says he's sure Poland was the source of the contamination.  France orders Twitter to identify racist users Tepco plans to dump cleaned Fukushima No. 1 water Hundreds of students march in Indian capital to demand strict laws to protect women Child labour uncovered in Apple's supply chain A Black Bloc Emerges in EgyptWearing black masks and waving black banners, it warned the Muslim Brotherhood of using its military wing to put down protests. Russia's Vladimir Putin says West is fomenting jihadi 'blowback' Swedish ISP hits back over TV licence fees  A Swedish ISP outraged by the prospect of computer and iPad owners being forced to pay TV licence fees is offering clients a TV Stopper to block online content from state broadcaster SVT. United Nations Launches Investigation Into U.S. Drone Program UK government unveils gay marriage bill Czechs outraged over proposal to make water cheaper than beer. Germany Plans To Deploy Armed Drones in Combat Abroad  SPIEGEL ONLINE Zeman wins Czech presidency The euro hit an 11month high and global equity markets advanced on Friday on signs of a healthier European financial system and a brighter outlook for Germany, while U.S. stocks extended a rally to an eighth day, their best run since late 2004 The Biggest Housing Bubble in the World Is in ... Canada? Majority of British citizens want to leave the EU. Top climate scientist denounces billionaires over funding for climatesceptic organisations
 Wreckage of missing plane found in Antarctica Russian Parliament Passes AntiGay Law in First Reading  The bill was supported by 338 deputies, with only one lawmaker opposing it and one abstaining Deutsche Bank trader loses $34m bonuses over Libor scandal Attackers blow up main oil pipeline in Yemen, forcing the country to shut down one of its most lucrative sources of income Iceland's president dismisses EU common fisheries policy as colossal failure Egypt At least 22 people have been killed in clashes after 21 men were sentenced to death for football violence in which 74 people died Mali FrenchLed Soldiers in Control of Gao Airport  Both Gao's airport & the strategic Wabary bridge have been secured, though fighting continues in the town.  Gao, along with Kidal & Timbuktu, were seized by an alliance of Tuareg rebels & Islamists last April.

 New B.C. telescope to make massive 3D map of universe Polish parliament rejects efforts to legalize gay unions Egyptian protest clashes leave 4 dead, at least 370 injured  Rallies mark 2 years since revolution toppled Hosni Mubarak Who can fly drones in UK airspace missile manufacturer, police forces and golf video company among more than 130 groups licensed to use technology Game to destroy CCTV cameras vandalism or valid protest? Activists in Berlin are teaming up to trash surveillance cameras. Points are given, with bonus scores for the most innovative modes of destruction Prime Minister David Cameron calls for a worldwide crackdown on big companies that avoid paying taxes. A German court ruled on Thursday that people have the right to claim compensation from service providers if their Internet access is disrupted, because the Internet is an essential part of life. A group of Delhi women have decided the best way to make sure women are safe is to create a special cab service just for them. Women drive the cabs and only pick up women passengers.  The Economist's hilarious article on why Saudi Arabias morality police shut down a dinosaur exhibit Kim Dotcom wants to encrypt half of the Internet to end government surveillance. Egyptian protesters torch Muslim Brotherhood HQ in Ismailia London hailed as one of the safest cities on the planet after murder rate hits 42 year low (99 murders last year in a city with a population of 8m). The Catholic church in the Philippines has declared war on birth control following a landmark legislation that has come into effect, effectively making sex education and contraception more widely available Sri Lanka to stop sending housemaids to Saudi Arabia after beheading China media threatens North Korea aid cut over atomic test Al Qaeda Commander Killed for the Third Time
 Pacific Bluefin Tuna Population Down 96%  Fishermen from Japan, Mexico, South Korea & US fish Pacific bluefin, but about 80% are consumed in Japan. Despite  finding, countries are still fishing for this tuna in its only known spawning & nursery areas in the western Pacific Ocean.

 Honduras Can't Pay its Bills  Street surveillance cameras in 1 of  world's most dangerous cities  turned off cause govt hasn't paid millions it owes. Police radio threatened to be suspended. Teachers protest cause not paid in 6 mos, while doctors complain of no  gauze & needles. Indian women given kitchen knives, chili to fend off rapists The Shiv Sena party, an ally of the main opposition BJP, said it had handed out 21,000 knives with threeinch blades to women in the city and surrounding areas and plans to distribute 100,000.  Coronal Mass Ejection Headed for Earth 21yearold jailed for dumping pig's head at mosque Cuba gets highspeed internet Major oil discovery off Northern Ireland coast
 A French court has ordered Twitter to hand over details of users who spread antiSemitic messages, months after offensive tweets were removed. US and China come together over defiant North Korea
 Argentine Navy destroyer, Falklands Island conflict veteran, Rolls over and sinks at the dock due to neglect. Army and police called in as 15,000 crocodiles flee South African farm India Shiv Sena party gives knives to women for protection. South Korean prosecutors have detained and charged a Korean American with the illegal transfer of a staggering 1.09 trillion won ($1.02 billion) in Iranian money frozen in South Korea under international sanctions Two former Scientology members sue church claiming it 'duped' people into donating  millions to misrepresented causes Don't buy South African wines striking workers' plea to foreign consumers A renegade band of Solomon Islanders is responsible for the slaughter this week of about 900 bottlenose dolphins, says a group that was paying for the killing to stop. Villagers claim they were promised $2.4 million and only received $700,000. The rise in drug resistant infections is comparable to the threat of global warming, according to the chief medical officer for England. Spain unemployment rate hit a record youth rate at 55% A growing number of university students in Toronto are looking for sugar daddies to help pay down their tuition fees and living expenses, says the founder of a U.S. website that helps them do just that. 
George Soros backs Guatemalan president's call to end war on drugs says the war on drugs had endangered political stability and security in many countries
 The filmmaker Roger Ross Williams reveals how money donated by American evangelicals helps to finance a violent antigay movement in Uganda. Catalonia declares itself a sovereign entity The UN is launching an inquiry into the impact on civilians of drone strikes and other targeted killings. Twentyfive attacks will be examined  in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Yemen, the Palestinian territories and Somalia. UK Firearms offences are 40 per cent down in less than a decade On a daily basis, groups of heavily armed men attack local officials, police, soldiers, teachers and any Muslim they believe is not adhering strictly enough to Islamic values Islamist terrorism worsening in Thailand 15,000 crocodiles escape from South African farm   Telegraph Palestinians threaten to take Israel to ICC  Middle East  Al Jazeera English German Supreme Court defines internet access as 'minimum subsistence means' UBS study heralds age of unsubsidized, profitable solar Purely based on economics, we believe almost every family home and every commercial rooftop in Germany, Italy and Spain should be equipped with a solar system by the end of this decade. Three Canadians Missing in Antarctica Witchcraft claims against children in Congo DRC reflect curse of poverty. Sorcery charges are increasingly being used by povertystricken Congolese families as an excuse to abandon their children Burger King has said says it is no longer sourcing food from an Irish supplier linked to horsemeat. North Korea to target U.S. with nuclear, rocket tests
 The Moroccan government has said it plans to change a law that allows rapists to avoid charges if they marry their victims. The move comes nearly a year after 16yearold girl committed suicide after being forced to marry her alleged rapist. Chinas latest restriction for Tibetans no passports 
How Britain Enthusiastically Teamed Up with Bush's Horrific Torture and Rendition Agenda $20 trillion valuation of Australian oil greatly exaggerated, says the company that holds the exploration permits.  Antibioticresistant diseases pose 'apocalyptic' threat. Australia Coalition Lies to UN in Order to Strip Tasmanian Forest of Heritage Listing so it Can be Developed  Photos show 90% of the 74,000 hectares the govt claims is degraded are ecologically pristine forests Uncovered in Jerusalem, 9 tiny unopened Dead Sea Scrolls U.S. Investigators Suspect Missing Airplane Flew On for Hours MH370 BBC have just broadcast this satellite image which Chinese officials believe could be wreckage from Flight MH370. A man who found his computer infected with ransomware demanding payment of 13,000 or face jail decided to take his own life and that of his fouryearold son | The report comes from the Romanian commune of Movila Miresii, made up of three small villages and located in the east of the country. Misbehaving bankers and their bosses will have to hand back bonuses up to six years after they pocketed the cash under a proposed rule from the Bank of England to prevent excessive risktaking One of VICE's journalists, Matthew Power, has died in Uganda. WWF reports a full year without a single incident of poaching in Nepal Israel ends military exemption for ultraOrthodox Europe says USmade cheeses can't use Old World names Europe Passes Deal to Enforce Standard Mobile Phone Charger After Crimea, Sweden Flirts With Joining NATO Sweden's top general estimated in 2013 that the country could only defend itself for a week if attacked. Three EU Countries Hit 2020 Renewable Benchmarks Early | Sweden leads the way for all EU members with 51 percent of its energy coming from renewables. London zoo celebrates birth of rare Sumatran tiger cubs (around 300 left in wild) Animals See Power Lines as Glowing, Flashing Bands, Research Reveals  Pylons & wires that stretch across many landscapes are having a worldwide impact on wildlife Russia Massing Military Forces Near Border With Ukraine US NSA stop mass surveillance now or face consequences, MEPs say Uruguay planning to sell legally cloned marijuana by years end Russian President Vladimir Putin's approval rating has soared to a threeyear high following the political crisis in Ukraine and an upcoming regionwide referendum on whether Crimea should secede from Ukraine and return to Russia. Philippines Military evades Chinese sea blockade to airdrop food to soldiers on a tiny and remote shoal claimed by both countries Russia and Iran agree Russia will build 2 Nuclear plants in Iran Google has given UK security services 'special access' to monitor YouTube including power to flag swaths of content at scale instead of only picking out individual videos Canadian soldiers formaly end mission in Afghanistan after 12 years. Vietnam searchers find nothing at the debris site marked by the Chinese Unidentified gunmen seized the bank in the center of Kiev 220,000 troops, 1,800 tanks, 400 helicopters on Ukraine border as Russia launches exercise of 4000 elite paratroopers and 36 planes. Australian makes protesting illegal and fines protesters $600 and can gaol (jail) up to 2 years A girl who was kidnapped 7 months ago in Spain has turned up alive in the depths of the Amazon rainforest Russia has lost more money in one day as a result of the Ukraine crisis than it spent preparing for the Sochi Games Gay sex just got decriminalized in Lebanon Poland moves to reduce dependence on Russian gas Tim BernersLee, inventor of the Web, calls for a global Digital Bill of Rights to protect Internet users from surveillance. Body wearing lifejacket reported found off MalaccaThe Beijing News reports a source claiming to be a local volunteer assisting in the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has found a dead body wearing a lifejacket How the NSA Plans to Infect Millions of Computers with Malware Masked guards seized computers from three Norwegian journalists and labelled them as spies as they attempted to leave Crimea Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 turned 290 degrees and headed to Indonesia for at least 2 hours after contact lost near Vietnam A photographic view of how a faceless militia is operating in Ukraine right now. They are, Believed to be Russian soldiers. Venezuelan student leader shot dead at protest Chinese ridicule Malaysias recruitment of witch doctor to track missing plane Barrage of rockets launched from Gaza to Israel | i24news Japan wants to dump radioactive water from Fukushima in sea Malaysias air force chief denies saying MH370 detected over Malacca strait Turkey thousands gather at funeral of Berkin Elvan, 14, who died after being wounded by a police tear gas canister Russian oligarchs and Vladimir Putin are likely to escape sanctions over the occupation of Ukraine, UK government admits Missing MH370 Hopes as fishermen find life raft Israel ends ultraOrthodox military service exemptions 'Tell us the truth' Chinese families hurl water bottles at Malaysian airline staff before clueless officials admit the plane is anywhere within a 27,000 square nautical mile area and change their mind over when it was last seen again Turkish boy hurt in antigovernment protests dies nine months later | Berkin Elvan, then aged 14, got caught up in street battles between police and protesters after going out to buy bread for his family. He was struck in the head with a suspected police teargas canister and went into a coma. Ukraine says will not fight Russia over Crimea The World Wide Web is 25 years old today! Swedish reporter shot dead in Afghanistan ABC News reports a satellite imaging company out of Denver, Colorado is crowdsourcing the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Help search for the missing plane using satellite images shot this weekend. Antiwar protest in Moscow Ukrainians, forgive us [video] Israeli troops shoot dead a PalestinianJordanian judge at border crossing Venezuelans Are Marked With Numbers To Stand In Line At Government SupermarketsIt's hard to get a sense of what a food shortage is like unless you've lived through one, but this tidbit from Venezuela serves as a chilling illustration. Saudi Arabia has threatened to blockade neighbouring Qatar by air, land and sea unless Doha cuts ties with Egypts Muslim Brotherhood, closes global channel alJazeera, and expels local branches of the US Brookings Institution and Rand Corporation think tanks. Snowden has shown the 'huge disparity of surveillance and power', says Gellman | Government needs reminding that they work for us, says Pulitzerwinning reporter Barton Gellman, who describes Edward Snowden as ending an era of indifference to surveillance. MH370 detected above Malacca Straits at 2.40am A report by the United Nations Human Rights Council has called for independent investigations to be carried out into drone attacks after a series of strikes that result in unexpected civilian deaths in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen and elsewhere. Most of the attacks involved US drones. New Zealand plans vote on changing national flag Malaysian Military official tells Reuters plane flew for more than an hour after vanishing from air traffic control screens PILOT I'm Not Surprised There Was No Mayday Call From The Missing Malaysia Plane Turkey clashes after 15 year old boy hurt at Istanbul Gezi Park protest dies Two Russian cosmonauts, U.S. astronaut head back to Earth Live China deploys satellites to find missing Malaysian plane Malaysia military tracked missing plane to west coast source Explosion at Power Plant in Novokuznetsk, Russia, video in link. UN warns world must produce 60% more food by 2050 to avoid mass unrest A Chilean woman was shot dead while clearing a barricade put up by antigovernment protesters, the first foreign fatality during a month of civil unrest in Venezuela, authorities said on Monday. Palestinian refugees starving to death in Syrian camp, human rights groups say Chinas billionaire politicians quadruple their wealth  Despite their low official government salaries, at this weeks National Peoples Congress annual meeting, there will be 86 renminbi billionaires and Chinas richest politicians have quadrupled their wealth in the past eight years. Four suspended after video shows workers bludgeoning turkeys with shovel [Canada] Kim JongUns sister, Kim YoJong, makes first official appearance Thousands protest after Swedish activist stabbed North Korea reportedly tries to sell bordertown land to Chinese investors Russian troops fire at Ukraine military post The man who witnessed Steve Irwin's dying moments has described for the first time how a massive stingray wildly stabbed the conservationist 'hundreds of times'. Kim Jongun calls for execution of 33 Christians Ukraine may have to go nuclear, says Kiev lawmaker Ukraine crisis US will not recognise Crimea referendum, says ambassador Washington threatens further action against Russia if Vladimir Putin uses poll to legitimise military occupation, says Kiev envoy Ukraine Sticky Post Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Passengers' Mobile Phones Ring But Not Answered Mexico kills drug kingpin reported dead years ago official 26 Disquieting Photos Of Armed Russians Still Surrounding Ukrainian Soldiers In Crimea. Desmond Tutu Israel guilty of apartheid in treatment of Palestinians | JPost [Ukraine] A hotel and two cars belonging to Crimean Tatars have been burned down in Russianoccupied Crimea [Photos + Video] Russia Welcomes the US Destroyer Truxtun, by Moving Bastion AntiShip Missiles to Crimea Chinese courts acquitted a total of 825 people out of almost 1.16 million verdicts last year, a conviction rate of 99.93 percent. Limbs broken, forced to eat feces, Chinese officials say they were tortured into false graft confessions Kenya's President declares to cut his salary by 20% and to cut cabinet ministers salaries by 10% Abuse Victims Should Be Able To Sue Catholic Church, Says Cardinal Pell Massive Bombing near Baghdad; 97 Killed 237 Wounded Across Iraq  Antiwar.com Sex Workers Have Labor Rights Just Like Any Other Employee, Confirms NZ Court Low levels of radiation from the Fukushima nuclear disaster likely will reach ocean waters along the U.S. West Coast next month, scientists are reporting. UN warns of genocide in Central African Republic Fortytwo African migrants have drowned when their boat capsized off the coast of Yemen Global Debt Exceeds $100 Trillion as Governments Binge, BIS Says Taiwanese Intelligence received warnings of possible terrorist attacks on Beijing's airport days prior to the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines 307 Malaysias civil aviation chief clarifies the stolen passport passengers looking like Mario Balotelli US transfers $429m to Israel for Iron Dome  Globes English