 Most important of all, the United States should support the Palestinians' bid for recognition as a state at the United Nations. Israel has demanded for decades that the Palestinians drop violence and turn to diplomacy to achieve their goals. That is what going to the United Nations is. Diplomacy. Grenade attack at Casino Royale in Monterrey, Mexico. 8 confirmed dead, 12 injured and over 40 trapped.  How Israel takes its revenge on boys who throw 
stones Saudi beheading accomplishmentsThe beheading of Ruyati  executed in June for her killing of an allegedly abusive Saudi employer  stirred such revulsion Explosion hits UN building in Abuja, Nigeria Libyan activist freed from prison after 14 years of virtual isolation. He had no idea of the uprising occurring in his country and thought that the rattling of gunfire and thuds of explosions this past week were Gods trumpets heralding the moment of his death. A suspected meteorite has been caught on film soaring across the sky over the Peruvian city of Cusco (Video) Evidence suggests Gadaffi's daughter did not die in 1986 bombing as claimed Mexican gunmen set casino on fire, killing 32 and injuring dozens more Dangerous cybercrime treaty pushes surveillance and secrecy worldwide Canada and Australia are using the controversial Council of Europe Convention on Cybercrime treaty to introduce new invasive online surveillance laws, many of which go beyond the Convention's intended levels of intrusiveness WikiLeaks US diplomat posed as Korean tourist in undercover visit to China tiger farm The Lap of Luxembourgery  In the dark heart of Europe lies a nation rotten to the core. A secret banking haven. Where democracy is a joke. We're talking Luxembourg. World's highest per capita GDP. Just as well. Also highest debt $3.76m per capita The Kingdom of Magical Thinking  Widely assumed to be a fabulously wealthy welfare state, Saudi Arabia is in fact an economic basket case waiting to happen.  Blast Hits U.N. Building in Nigeria  China and Russia boycott sanctions against Syria Pakistani slain governor Salman Taseer's son abducted The son of assassinated Punjab governor Salman Taseer, who was killed in January for opposing the blasphemy law, has been abducted, Pakistan police say. Dangerous Cybercrime Treaty Pushes Surveillance & Secrecy Worldwide The Crimes of Col. Qaddafi  By Christopher Hitchens Gaddafi feared full US invasion.. attempted to enlist a Leftwing US congressman to travel to Libya as part of a stop the war lobbying campaign Teen shot in Chile antiPinera protest dies. Local radio said witnesses blamed police for firing the shots. Bolivian Mennonites jailed for serial rapes European farmers buying knockoff pesticides containing solvent the EU banned because it's a huge problem for pregnant women Kim Jongil Tactical genius  To survive as a fierce little dinosaur in a world of mammals entails not only sharp venomous fangs to snarl at everyone, but also animal cunning. Keep 'em scared, and then outwit them.  As Venezuelas crime rate soars, devotion to a very particular group of saints known as the Santos Malandros (Thug Saints) is becoming widespread.  32 dead in attack on casino in northern Mexico In Saudi Arabia only the boldest dare to speak out, Khaled alJohani was one of them. He's not been seen since.  Look at the shock on the BBC reporters face. Hear him speak. The bravest man in Saudi Underground river 'Rio Hamza' discovered 4km 
beneath the Amazon  up to 6000km long, it flows 
at just 1 mm/hr Brazil considers  broad new cybercrime bill, that, among other things, will criminalize both file sharing and ripping a CD to a computer Kim Jongil tells China he is ready for denuclearization talks Pregnant in Putin's Russia  Russia is in a demographic crisis, shedding 2.2 million people (or 1.6 percent of the population) since 2002 At least 25 police and soldiers have been killed after hundreds of Taliban crossed the border from Afghanistan into Pakistan  Why Are Finland's Schools Successful? Mosquitoes 'disappearing' in some parts of Africa U.S. official AlQaeda's No. 2 leader killed in Pakistan Libya Hundreds of bodies found decomposing at Tripoli hospital Gaddafi escapes to Algeria?  Convoy crosses Libyan border to neighboring Algeria; rebels estimate Gaddafi was among passengers, Egyptian news agency says Austrian women held captive in basement  again. For the third time in recent years, an Austrian man is accused of raping women and holding them captive in his basement. This time, they are his mentally disabled daughters. Rebels settle scores in Libyan capital  Indian parliament affirms antigraft proposal Germany did not give its approval to the international military mission in Libya, to the irritation of its NATO allies. Now, after the rebel victory in Tripoli, Berlin is looking for a role in rebuilding the country. Iran warns of regional crisis if Syria falls (AP) China is Outfitting Its Subs With Controversial FirstStrike Nuclear Warheads Doors open on terrible secrets of a crumbling police 
state in Tripoli  The Globe and Mail Syrian forces 'in mosque attack' China announces support for Palestinian UN statehood bid The makers of Nurofen Plus have recalled all remaining stock, saying sabotage is suspected in some packets.after three packs were found to contain an antipsychotic drug. There's no humanitarian crisis, but U.N. mission to Syria finds that civilians are subject to excessive force Morning protests erupt in Syrian capital Live fire reportedly used as security forces surround a mosque in the Kafarsouseh district in western Damascus. A UN investigative team has wrapped up its visit to Syria, concluding that there is an urgent need to protect civilians from excessive force. Syrian Weapons Sites Worry U.S., Israel  Intelligence Services Allege Significant Stockpiles of Gases, Missiles at Military Bases Could Be Targets Amid Unrest
 Brazilian Wind Power Now Cheaper Than Natural Gas To save 2.4bn a year, Spain's socialist government has passed a law forcing doctors and pharmacies to prescribe generic drugs rather than the more expensive brand names sold by pharmaceutical companies A new era in U.S. foreign policy The Libya intervention is so significant precisely because it did not follow the traditional pattern of U.S.led interventions... Fareed Zakaria UN 13yearold Palestinian boy killed by Israeli fire last weekend, was actually killed by a Palestinian rocket that misfired. Overpopulation isn't causing the famine in the Horn of Africa.  It's the political economy. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Tuesday he will only recognize a Libyan government led by his friend and ally Muammar Gaddafi and accused the United States of inciting the country's civil war. 349 Cable Leaks from Libya were released Facebook 'Like' button declared illegal in German state Data protection comm's office ordered website owners to immediately stop the passing on of user data to Facebook in the USA by deactivating the respective services and threatened to take legal action if they fail to comply Five years after journalist Anna Politkovskaya was murdered in Moscow, Russian police now believe the contract killing may have been organized by one of their own. A retired officer was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of being involved in the murder. Clooneys satellite project shows new evidence of mass burials in Sudan Palestinian elections postponed again.  This time indefinitely. Captive journalists walk free from Tripoli hotel Japan Fukushima robot operator publishes tellall diaries and videos, now offline Brazil's plans to extract an unprecedented 30 billion barrels of oil from reserves locked in deepwater subsalt fields 60 miles off the coast & up to 5 miles underwater.  It's spending $226 billion to reach it  $127 billion will be spent on exploration & production alone. Japan gets downgraded amid great challenges  Japan's credit rating has been downgraded days before the nation was due to see its sixth new leader in five years, with Prime Minister Naoto Kan set to resign over his handling of the March 11 disasters. North Korea 'ready to impose nuclear moratorium', declares Kim Jongil Gaddafi vows no surrender after rebels overrun Tripoli compound Libyan strongman Muammar Gaddafi vowed martyrdom or victory in an audio message delivered from hiding. The UN and Red Cross confirm being attacked by the Israeli military during the 2008 war on Gaza Russia Cargo rocket crashes in Siberia  Moody's cuts Japan's debt rating on deficit concerns Rating agency Moody's has cut Japan's longterm sovereign debt rating, citing concerns about the size of the country's deficit and borrowing levels. Turkey prepares for ground assault on Kurdish rebels in Iraq  Turkish forces have begun massing on the Iraqi border ahead of an expected attack on Kurdish rebels in the neighboring country's mountainous northern region. The attack would follow days of airstrikes on the area. A Defiant Qaddafi Speaks to a Tripoli Radio Station  Qaddafi says residents must cleanse Tripoli of rebels CIA is helping New York Police to spy on Muslim communities in th US The One Billion Dollar Question Who Are the Libyan Rebels? Zimbabwean farmers grow Nigeria's green revolution In the ruins of Gadhafi's lair, rebels find album filled with photos of his 'darling' Condoleezza Rice Syrian Army shooting live rounds at civilian homes proving a blatant disregard for civilians. Some 12 million people around the world do not have citizenship of any country, and are being denied basic human rights as a result, the UN has warned. Strong 6.8 magnitude earthquake shakes central Peru Colombia Supreme Court decriminalizes drugs for personal use 300,000 antidengue mosquitoes released in Australia in effort to block spread of the disease Syrian cartoonist's hands broken as 'warning'  2,730 Bodies Found in Unmarked Graves in Jammu and Kashmir British SAS leads hunt for Gaddafi. Paypal founder now looking to create startup countries  Libyan rebels say Muammar Gaddafi surrounded  he man who led Libya for four decades was hiding in the buildings with some of his sons. Syrian forces beat up political cartoonist Ali Ferzat Gaddafi's Fleeing Mercenaries Describe the Collapse of the Regime China proposes banning torture testimony; new law will not explicitly forbid physical maltreatment A fresh abuse scandal shocked Austrians on Thursday when police revealed that a father in a small village had allegedly held his daughters prisoner for more than 40 years, sexually abusing them repeatedly. The case came to light only by chance, and the alleged perpetrator has been arrested. Northwest Africas minority Springtime for them too?  The Berbers join the Arab revolt Google to pay $500m over Canadian drug adverts Arctic sea routes open as ice melts Two major Arctic shipping routes have opened as summer sea ice melts, European satellites have found. Mexican terrorists target nanotech researchers with package bombs Tripoli Fighting Rebels 'Corner Gaddafi' in apartments Visa and MasterCard credit cards are no longer valid 
in Syria under new U.S. sanctions (AP) Indian lawmakers agreed to discuss stringent anticorruption law proposed by reform activist, Anna Hazare, whose eightday fast demanding the legislation has drawn burgeoning support and tested the scandaltainted gov't Ukraine turns nuclear missile base into a museum  CNN Rebels believe they have surrounded Gadhafi near compound China says Google has not sought approval on Motorola bid  Canadian Opposition Leader Jack Layton Dies. Saif Al Islam Captured. Green Square Liberated. Libya is almost free! Why Iceland Should Be in the News, But Is Not Wiki war 3500 unpublished leaks destroyed forever as Assange hits out Professor Juan Cole Top Ten Myths about the Libya War Poland Sold Arms to Libyan Rebels Rhinos threatened with extinction to meet demand for bogus cancer cure 'Once a rhino's horn has been hacked off, they leave the animal to bleed to death. The price of rhino horn is 35,000 per kg, making it more expensive than gold.' NATO is bombing Gaddafi compound in Tripoli Canadian opposition leader Jack Layton dies at 61 Gaddafi's son captured live on television From Hiroshima to Fukushima Japan to Declare Wide Area 'Uninhabitable' Due to Radiation Syrian prodemocracy protesters emboldened by Libyan rebels' success Gadhafi says he'll stay in Tripoli 'until the end' The United States, the European Union (EU) and Arab nations want to set up an international inquiry into atrocities by Syrian government forces. Japanese government expected this week to declare a large zone around the Fukushima plant uninhabitable, perhaps for decades Amid violent crackdown, Syria's protesters get creative Evolving tactics, like flash mobs and night rallies, keep Syria's uprising nonviolent in the face of a brutal crackdown. In Ireland, Ghosts of Towns That Never Were  
 
With photos of ghost estates, where homes are unfinished or empty  & haunting Deadly Tornado in Ontario 112 year old exArmy man joins anticorruption protests in India Coulson got hundreds of thousands of pounds from News Int  Human trafficking outpaces drug trafficking Libyan Rebels pull back from heavy fighting. Japan 6,000 people hold a protest against Fuji TV, upset that they are airing too many Korean Dramas Rebels Control 90 Percent of Tripoli, Amidst Fighting Peter Ackroyd 'Rioting has been a London tradition for centuries'  Three years after the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy, the financial industry has become a threat to the global economy again. Governments missed the chance to regulate the industry, and another crash is just a matter of time. Nato drops leaflets on Tripoli (pics of the designs) Muammar Gaddafi's son Saif alIslam NOT captured, as previously reported Scientists say farming needs to become 'holistic'  Radically overhauling farming could both boost food production and protect the environment, scientists say. Paying for environmental services is one step that could also help people and the planet at the same time. The company that does the disabilities assessments for the UK government (the ones with the 40%  70% error rate in favour of no, you're fine) is attempting to shut down websites critical of them via legal threats.  Inspired by Libya, Chinese Netizens Want China's Communist Regime Also Overthrown Germany lost a giant today Loriot, our funniest and most humane humorist of the last decades. He was loved by everyone and no one could make fun of the german character like him. Libyan rebel interviewed by SkyNews wearing Gaddafi's hat Andy Coulsen, disgraced former press adviser to 
David Cameron, was being paid by News 
International while working for the Conservative 
Party. Australia Passes CO2 Offset Laws, Carbon Pricing Next  
Parliament endorsed world's 1st national scheme that regulates the creation & trade of carbon credits from farming & forestry, to complement govt plans to put a price on carbon emissions from mid2012 Cisco and Abuses of Human Rights in China  Are companies that build and market equipment for the purpose of surveilling and censoring prodemocracy activists in authoritarian regimes culpable when those activists are imprisoned or tortured? IsraelGaza Ceasefire Lasts an Entire Day  At least one Palestinian is killed and others are injured after a rocket fired from an Israeli drone hit a civilian vehicle in west Rafah, in south Gaza Strip, medical sources said An Indian effort to pioneer a nonsurgical, reversible vasectomy has run into an unexpected hurdle no volunteers How to get $12 billion of gold to Venezuela Libyan rebels asks leader of UKs Libyan Jews to run for office in Libya that should include women and Jews Gaddafi's son Saif alIslam NOT in rebel custody after all. North Korean leader arrives by armoured train on first visit to Russia in nine years. Dominique StraussKahn **prosecutors** ask judge to dismiss sex charges Both the Philippines and Vietnam shop for warships in territory dispute with China.
 The fighting is not yet over in Tripoli, but the scramble to secure access to Libyas oil wealth has already begun. Nearly 100 PKK members killed in Turkish air raids in north Iraq 
      Ferry runs aground after captain stuck in toilet
| Reuters

 Japan's Premier Naoto Kan Stepping Down Proof that the Chinese government launching online attacks E.U. Elites Keep Power From the People Monsanto sued by Indian government for releasing GMO eggplant without authorization from traditional varieties. Le Monde article and India News Argentina censors more than 1,000,000 blogs hosted on Blogger because they are all on the same IP address as two blogs ordered blocked by a judge Iran sentences American hikers to 8 years in prison for illegal entry and espionage 'Gadhafi is finished' Rebels advance in Libya Corruption in India You pay for a birth certificate, a death certificate, said a 30yearold software engineer and one of thousands who marched in Delhi to support Hazare. All your life you pay. And for what? For things that should be free. Two Chechen teens responsible for saving 23 at Utoya, and hitting A B Breivik with rocks before being fired upon. Wirklich? Germany declares Facebook Like button illegal Shell finally stops North Sea leak after 10 days  
Scottish government launches investigation into safety procedures  Qaddafi and Two Sons Rumored To Have Fled Libya British police issue warning on Twitter to anyone considering supporting internet attacks against companies and governments 5 southern African countries have agreed to create a giant conservation zone in the Okavango & Zambezi river basins that stretches over an area 1/2 the size of France For far too long, the Germans have allowed the Europe debate to be led by a small number of experts, meaning they bear partial responsibility for the current chaos. But there is still a way to achieve a better Europe and get ordinary people to care about the EU  through direct elections. German privacy watchdog declares Facebook's like button illegal Bodies found in Mexico might be kidnapped marines Rebels claim to take 'revolution' inside Tripoli, clashes reported The cost of revolution  Facts and figures of the Arab Spring Fukushima Radiation reports overshadow progress at plant  45 percent of children living up to 30 miles from the Fukushima plant tested positive for radiation exposure. Libyan Rebels Say They Control Zlitan  10 Most Corrupt Indian Politicians High food prices driving unrest The waves of social unrest and political instability seen recently around the world have coincided with large peaks in global food prices Environmental activism in China Poison protests draw 12,000 Burning Cars In Berlin Again  
35 cars were torched in Berlin this week. It's hard to say why. But something is going on in Germany. There is a crisis of identity.  Rocket salvo hits south of Israel Doorstep rubbish collections have been scrapped in Britain for the first time since they were introduced more than 130 years ago.   Telegraph Europe's Turn to the Right What is the link between the Norway killers actions and the ideas he espoused?  Monsanto and the mortal danger to traditional agriculture Contrary to their mendacious propagandized promises of solving the problem of world hunger...biotech companies are instead in the process of destroying the world's ecosystems, and thus the natural food chains and life cycles Egypt called on Israel Saturday to immediately halt punitive strikes on the Gaza Strip  Egypt denounces the use of force against civilians in any circumstance and strongly advises Israel to immediately stop its military operations against Gaza  With the elections for the Berlin state parliament just four weeks away, the German Pirate Party is on course to an impressive election win Gadhafis son, Saif alIslam captured as rebels enter Tripoli Rhinos threatened with extinction to meet demand for bogus cancer cure  
Poaching in South African nature reserves has reached epidemic levels, driven by soaring demand for their horns Slovakian Minister to propose voluntary sterilization of Roma women. 'Multiple blasts and gunfire' in Tripoli Crank who targeted science writers lured into threatening police Montreal police arrested a suspect who has been targeting the atheist and skeptic communities with online threats and harassment for years Protests all over India against corruption Russia stands by Assad. Meet the Irish teen who tracks and kills Gaddafi snipers
 England's riots shouldn't be blamed on 'moral decline', says Tony Blair  Former prime minister gives verdict on unrest and says that politicians are 'missing the point' talking about a broken society Coco Chanel Nazi agent?  New book alleges fashion designer worked for German military intelligence in France during WWII. Chanel was a consummate opportunist. The Nazis were in power, and Chanel gravitated to power. It was the story of her life Sexual assault charges against Dominique StraussKahn to be dropped on Tuesday, prosecutors say Thousands of Sunflowers Planted in Fukushima to Combat Radiation in Full Bloom (PHOTOS) Libyan Rebels Pass Defense Ring Near Tripoli  NYTimes.com Syrias uprising Bashar goes ballistic Syria raises tension with Turkey in new border move President Bashar alAssad increases military patrols along frontier to dissuade Turkey from intervening in domestic unrest 20110820 Statement by Julian Assange on the reported destruction of WikiLeaks source material by Daniel DomscheitBerg Indian inquiry confirms graves in Kashmir hold more than 2,000 unidentified bodies A Battle Is Under Way For The Forests Of Borneo  NPR In Arid South African Lands, Fracking Controversy Emerges The contentious practice of hydrofracking to extract underground natural gas has now made its way to South Africas Karoo. But opposition is growing amid concern that fracking will deplete and pollute the areas scarce water supplies Canada mulls warrantless internet infogathering powers for police Climate change driving species out of habitats much faster than expected. Animals and plants have adapted to warming by moving regions up to three times faster than previously thought, report shows
 Egyptian Flagman Climbs Flagpole of Israeli Embassy in Egypt and Pulls the Flag Down  Thousands of Egyptians Protesting Recent Violence Cheer Him On  Sweden's Moderate Party has announced that it will not stand in the next church elections which take place in 2013, signalling an intention to cut political ties with the Church of Sweden. Human slaughterhouse discovered in Tripoli  Telegraph UK doctors prepare to challenge the Govt's decision not to order an inquest into the death of weapons expert Dr David Kelly; accuse Govt of being complicit in a determined and concerted coverup Libya Torture was rife in Gaddafis prisons but to execute detainees days before they would have been freed is a sickening low in the governments behavior 53 bodies discovered in southern Tripoli, apparently 
executed by retreating Gaddafi forces. Indias Parliament Gives In to Protests on Corruption Bill Egypts Muslim Brotherhood declares war on the bikini Eight killed, six missing as typhoon ravages Manila Libyan leader Col Muammar Gaddafi is ready to begin talks to transfer power, according to his spokesman Malta strips Gaddafi of his honours In Iran an alleged Israeli assassin has been sentenced to death for killing nuclear scientist. Libya rebels fear for Gaddafi prisoners.  Up to 50,000 prisoners are unaccounted for. Norwegian police arrest man with weapons and explosives cache I.M.F. Chief Chastises Policymakers  Trichet Income inequality is ultimately a threat to society. Libyan capital Tripoli faces water, power crisis Living conditions in Tripoli are becoming increasingly desperate, with most of Libya's capital without water, electricity or proper sanitation. AlQaida's No. 2 (Atiyah Abd alRahman) killed in Pakistan Areas near Japan nuclear plant may be off limits for 
decades Ken Loach 'the ruling class are cracking the whip'.
The leftwing film director talks about the riots, his early work on television Arab League recognises Libyan NTC The regional bloc readmits Libya's membership, turning over the country's seat to the rebels' political leadership. Anna Hazare India campaigner ends hunger strike UK Home Secretary Theresa May banned all marches in Tower Hamlets, east London, and four neighbouring boroughs for a 30day period Spain follows Germany, France and writes debt ceiling in constitution  Spain is to amend the constitution to enshrine a public debt ceiling in the constitution, following similar measures in Germany and France. The government also set out labor reforms to combat high unemployment. Libya Rebels Say Qaddafi Uses Human Shields to Defend Sirte
 Hiroshima, Mon Ami History's Most Awkward Handshake In boozesoaked Spain, the party may soon be over Luxury, horror lurk in Gadhafi family compound Disney's bestselling Cars toys are being made in a factory in China that uses child labour and forces staff to do three times the amount of overtime allowed by law Chinese artist Ai Weiwei remained largely silent after 81 days of imprisonment and a government order to not speak out after his release. He has just written a scathing critique calling Beijing a constant nightmare A story missing from our media Iceland's ongoing revolution African Union says Libyan rebels may be indiscriminately killing black people Germany and Greece plan biggest solar panel array 
ever 10GW of generating capacity The Baltic miracle continues The economies of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania surge ahead 20 years after their independence from the Soviet Union. AlJazeera Network demands Israeli authorities immediately release Samer Allawi, AlJazeeras Afghanistan Bureau Chief. Mr Allawi was arrested by Israeli official without reason while on vacation with his family in the occupied West Bank. US misused our intel to justify Iraq War, says German exspy chief Gaddafi's wife and three children in Algeria Catholic clergy 'abused children for decades in County Donegal'. Report is expected to claim police were complicit in coverup of sexual abuse by priests and lay members of the church. Thai censorship critic strikes back at snitch Web host China's biggest relocation project yet  Plans to move 3 million people and reroute the Yangtze River are underway.
 Tax us more, say wealthy Europeans One of Taiwan's best regarded hospitals mistakenly transplanted HIVinfected organs into five patients after a hospital staffer misheard the donor's test results by telephone.



 Scared Mexicans try undertheskin tracking devices  The Washington Post Gaddafi's girl executioner Nisreen, 19, admits shooting 11 rebel prisoners, now she is shackled to hospital bed awaiting justice Nigeria Too Big to Fail  From corruption to sectarian division to terrorism, Africa's most populous country (and one of its most oilrich) could find itself spiraling out of control Bird flu fear as strain mutates Syria forces surround town after 'defections' Troops backed by tanks deployed around Rastan after tens of soldiers from the area reportedly defected. Labour seeks law change to stop News Corp renewing BSkyB bid Nepal elects Maoist leader as new prime minister The daughter also rises  Women are storming emergingworld boardrooms | The Economist Taiwan hospital transplants 5 HIVinfected organs Libya Stench of dead bodies and garbage fills streets  British Queen 'tried to use state poverty fund to heat Buckingham Palace' Ahmadinejad gives controversial UN speech, stating that some saw the 9/11 terrorist attacks as part of a US conspiracy to protect Israel. Result US and other Western delegations walk out in protest. Israeli navy kills Gaza fisherman As the Palestinian fisherman's boat approached the limits of waters where Israel permits Palestinian maritime traffic (as a result of Israel's naval blockade of Gaza), an Israel military boat open fire on the small fishing vessel. The US and other Western delegations at the UN General Assembly walk out in protest as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad questions the events of 9/11. 5 die in Mozambique drinking contest  The deaths occurred in the different stages of a competition to see who could finish off five bottles of brandy fastest, reported Noticias newspaper.
 France Starts Reporting 'Millions' of FileSharers Is Gideon Levy the most hated man in Israel or just the most heroic?  For three decades, the writer and journalist Gideon Levy has been a lone voice, telling his readers the truth about what goes on in the Occupied Territories. Scenes from China  The Big Picture [pics] U.K. mulls breaking up big banks. A government probe in Britain is looking at whether some of the country's biggest banks should be broken up. London bureau chief Stephen Beard talks with Steve Chiotakis about whether this plan is really on the table and what other reforms may happen. Half of Romanians 'Yearn for Communist Past'  Fortynine per cent said their life was better before December 1989, with a higher standard of living and job security being given as the main arguments, according to the poll. Voters tried to use SQLinjection to sabotage Swedish election. Handyman jailed for planting child pornography on his boss's computer in an attempt to get him fired and get a promotion Iranian president 9/11 was a U.S. conspiracy While Nicaragua was on holiday, the Sandinista government of Daniel Ortega reprinted the Constitution. It now includes a law that was left dead 20 years ago. DR Congo mass rape defies belief, says UN Breaking News Toddler killed by tear gas in East Jerusalem Will the meeting in Rome result in action against food speculation?  The idea that speculating on food prices has become a way for western financial institutions to make money at the cost of lives is abhorrent
 China denies ban on rare earth metals to Japan. Mexican Journalists Flee Drug War, Seek Asylum  The war has claimed more than 28,000 lives and has become one of the most dangerous stories in the world. Some journalists have taken the ultimate step fleeing to the US to seek political asylum. Playing Beethoven in Kinshasa  In the Congolese capital Kinshasa, just surviving is hard enough. But one group of people spends hours traveling across town to sit in a sweltering compound and practice Handel. Thursday  September 23, 2010's editition of The Daily Show the had  King Abdullah II of Jordan
King Abdullah II of Jordan believes Iran has taken away the moderate voice by hijacking the IsraeliPalestinian issue.  King Abdullah II of Jordan on TheDaily Show with Jon Stewart | If peace talks fail, expect war by the end of the year. What could possibly go wrong? Revealing Wilde letters sold for 30,000 The Pirates Are Winning!  Pirate economy so big, entrenched, popular, that it would have captured the state, if only there were a state in Somalia to be captured 

 by Jeffrey Gettleman | The New York Review of Books Russian botanist Nikolai Vavilov created a preserve outside St. Petersburg that contains one of the worlds largest collections of rare seeds and crops. Now, scientists and conservationists are waging an international campaign to save the reserves fields from being bulldozed for housing development 7 elephants killed by a train when they ran on the tracks to protect their young. Greetings from North Korea Pakistan erupts after US jailing of 'daughter of the nation' Aafia Siddiqui  Thousands take to the streets to protest as scientist convicted of attempting to kill US soldiers gets 86 years
 First Black Elected Official Defies Racism In Russia  Father Jailed for 14,400 years for Raping Teenage Daughter  Sex Scandal Threatens a Georgia Pastors Empire And the new British Labour party leader is.......Ed Milliband Journalists often have to tell stories about what is broken in the world. So it comes as a nice divergence to tell a story about something that is functioning well. Enhancing food security is seen in Brazil as a basis of all other poverty initiatives. AJE correspondent explains how it works. China is on this treadmill to hell, he says, because so much of its GDP growth comes from construction which cant be sustained. If China were to slow down the construction industry, its GDP growth would go negative very quickly. Widespread fraud in Afghan elections may spell end of government's legitimacy Nine Storey Apartment Built Of Wood in Nine Weeks By Four Workers Japan rejects apology on China boat row. Iran would consider ending higher level uranium enrichment, the most crucial part of its controversial nuclear activities, if world powers send Tehran nuclear fuel for a medical research reactor Learning from China Cubas communist leaders set to roll out new capitalist reforms What happens when an Australian Muslim cleric calls for the beheading of a Dutch politician?

Not much. Perceptions of Drug War Mean Mexican Tourist Destinations See Sharp Downturn In Business US to seek stronger ties with Somali breakaway regions Somaliland and Puntland How slums can save the world The pilot informed our central control here that he was landing in Stockholm, he said.

He added the suspect was of Pakistani origin. Pakistan erupts after US jailing of 'daughter of the nation' Aafia Siddiqui

  The Guardian Afghan Elections  Evidence is mounting that fraud in last weekends parliamentary election was so widespread that it could affect the results in a third of provinces 163 Nations Stayed to Hear Ahmadinejad, 27 Did Not Police arrest passenger after plane makes emergency landing in Sweden  India drops the chili bomb. What has added spice to India's diet for centuries may be the next addition to its defense arsenal. Germans are leaving Catholicism in larger and larger numbers  Plague breaks out in Tibet Indian authorities have arrested a computer scientist for refusing to divulge the source of an electronic voting machine that he and a team of researchers used to expose holes in the country's election system Israel is guilty of everything the US is accusing Iran of and accused Iraq of doing The Pakistani minister for defence production 
resigns after accusing the military of carrying out 
assassinations, including that of Benazir Bhutto. Israel has never lacked enemies but now it risks losing its friends Global resistance has halted introduction of GM crops by biotech giants Afghan 'voterigging videos' emerge 
AlJazeera obtains video apparently showing police ignoring fraud. Brazil looks likely to elect an extraordinary leader next weekend  The former guerrilla set to be the world's most powerful woman
				Americas, World  The Independent Obesity spreading in China wherever there are fast food restaurants How the Chilean Miners Are Surviving Underground Chile miners Family joy as rescue capsule arrives Jewish aid ship sails for Gaza 
Vessel manned by activists attempting to breach Israel's blockade of coastal strip set sails from northern Cyprus.  Today is the day where Israel chooses whether to continue to expand Jewish settlements in the occupied Palestinian territories.  Obama, the UN, the EU and Russia have all asked Israel to not resume building. Mexican police arrest drug lord Margarito Soto Reyes aka The Tiger Ed Miliband leftwing? Theyre having a laugh The portrayal of Ed Miliband as a leftie shows how far to the right Britain has travelled 'You may now turn over your papers'  This week those hoping to become All Souls fellows will sit 'the hardest exam in the world'.  U.S. Gift for Iraqis Offers a Primer on Corruption UN Warned of Major New Food Crisis at Emergency Meeting in Rome Chile miners escape route arives Arabs claim Israeli discrimination [...] Israel's declaration of independence, the equivalent of a constitution, states that all citizens are equal but the onefifth of the population who are Palestinian, believe they are less equal than others [...] Twitter feeds and blogs tell hidden story of Mexico's drug wars  Egypt and Thirsty Neighbors Are at Odds Over Nile  Hershey's Markets To Kids But Is Likely Implicated 
In Child Labor, Trafficking And Forced Labor | 
Economy | AlterNet Channel islanders attack Street View car. Another blow to Google's Domesday Book Police in Turkey now allowed to detain potential protesters without a court order, based merely on their looks, in what an opposition member calls beyond fascism The only way to solve this problem is to execute the killers on spot  Tanzania's Minister for Natural Resources and Tourism recommends summary execution of elephant poachers. The War on Drugs Is Over. Drugs Won The war on drugs could not have been a bigger failure. To sum up their most important findings, the average purity of heroin and cocaine have increased, respectively, 60% and 11% between 1990 and 2007. Cannabis purity is up a whopping 161% over that same time North Korea calls Switzerlands refusal to sell it ski lifts a serious human rights abuse Japan asks for world's help on Fukushima leaks Brazil wants Internet independence from the US The NSA spying scandal has woken Brazil out of its data protection doze. Plans are being made for an optical network to link twelve South American countries with Europe and Africa, and largely avoid the US. British imams willing to marry girls as young as 14 in secret BBC airs *fake* video of medic claiming chemical weapons in Syria Catholic elites' clothes defy Pope Francis' call for humility. As Pope Francis urges church officials to live more modestly, the price for one cardinal's clothes can cost as much as $20,000. Canadian spy agency dissected Brazilian Energy Ministry Canada, as well as the US, infiltrated and spied on the Brazilian Energy Ministry, a new leak by Edward Snowden has revealed. A Baby factory just opened in India. Surrogate mothers will carry Western couples' babies for about 8,000 USD Nuclear scare at Navy submarine base after 'unbelievable' failures Taliban Says It Would Try to Kill Malala Yousafzai Again Turkey is set to end a ban on several letters of the alphabet Scientists who discovered the mechanism of cellular vesicle transport are awarded Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2013. Olympic flame arrives in Russia  and extinguishes itself Chinese women flock to sex classes. Sex is a traditionally a taboo topic in China  leaving some adults with no idea how procreation works. New, private classes are changing that. A set of official documents detailing how the wartime Japanese military carted off about 35 Dutch women from a prison camp in what is now Indonesia and made them provide sex as comfort women has been disclosed to a civic group at the National Archives of Japan in Tokyo, group members said Sunday. After Netanyahu tells BBC Persian that Iranians could wear jeans and listen to western music if Iran was free, Iranians tweet him photos angrily in response. Countries that treat workers the best, according to World Economic Forum 1. Switzerland 2. Finland 3. Singapore Iraq Children Killed In Playground Bombing FSB Vladimir Putin's immensely powerful modernday KGB Crocodiles Disappearing as Dinner in Jamaica  Once abundant, they're increasingly difficult to spot. A growing taste for crocodile meat & even their eggs has conservationists worried that the reptiles might be wiped from the wild altogether. Boozy feral pig who found fame after getting drunk on stolen beer and starting a fight with an innocent cow dies in car accident Assad the 'West is more confident in alQaida than me' Muslims formed a human chain outside a Pakistan church during mass to act as a shield for those attending Sunday mass inside. China is employing two million people to keep tabs on people's Internet use, according to state media, in a rare glimpse into the secret world of Beijing's vast online surveillance operation. Russia to monitor 'all communications' at Winter Olympics in Sochi Athletes and spectators attending the Winter Olympics in Sochi in February will face some of the most invasive and systematic spying and surveillance in the history of the Games, documents shared with the Guardian show. Two Canadians who have been detained in an Egyptian jail for over a month without charges have been released, the Canadian government has confirmed. Brazilian authorities sided with protesting natives and slammed as unconstitutional an amendment that would give lawmakers authority to approve and demarcate indigenous lands Radiation Soars 6,700 Times Legal Limit as Fukushima Disasters Continue Unabated 'Cleanup' a litany of failures near daily leaks, escalating danger, TEPCO and government coverups Typo adds $14.5 billion to Spain's debt Suspected Al Qaeda leader who had a role in 1998 bombing of US Embassies in Kenya & Tanzania seized in Tripoli Israeli bulldozers razes Palestinian village for 4th time | Palestine Canadian man wins lawsuit allowing hi to resell Trader Joe's products under the name Pirate Joe's Jerusalem court rejects Israel nationality petition  Citizens have to register as Jewish, Arab or Druze and can't simply call themselves Israelis Ikea Sends Its New Flatpack Refugee Shelter to Syria Russia ordered to compensate chess grandmaster (and Putin critic) Garry Kasparov over protest arrest TransPacific Partnership Talks Headed For Finish Line Amid Official Secrecy American and British spy agencies targeted Tor network with minimal success Some Online Journals Will Publish Fake Science, For A Fee Chinas smog polluting Fuji, new study says A Japanese study is claiming that toxic air pollution from China is to blame for high mercury levels atop beloved Mount Fuji. Who bombed Pakistan's Christians?  Bombs have killed more than 100 in Pakistan in little over a week, with scores more injured. The violence has reignited a quest to understand who is fighting whom in Pakistan  and why. End of free National Health Service care for migrants under new bill (UK) Khamenei Something about Rouhani's U.S. trip wasn't proper. The U.S. government is untrustworthy, egotistical and illogical and breaks its promises. A suicide bomber drove a truck packed with explosives into the playground of a primary school in northern Iraq and blew himself up, killing 14 students and their headmaster on Sunday, police and medical sources said. Swiss to vote on providing every citizen a basic income of approximately $2,600 per month whether they work, or not. Madagascar arrests 19 over deaths of European tourists Libya wants answers over raid by US commandos Obamas noshow in Asia is a boost for Chinas Xi, trying to repair ties with region. China floods thousands of troops into Tibetan village that is defying a law requiring every Tibetan to hang a Chinese flag over their home. Since troops arrived, 40 villagers have disappeared. The Pirate Party of Russia has offered NASA the use of its dedicated servers to temporarily host the US space agencys website as it has been shut down due to the lapse in federal government funding. Medicinal marijuana is now legal in Romania, the 10th country in EU that makes this decision! 1500YrOld Swedish Fortress Massacre Revealed, Frozen in Time  A fort untouched since the 5th century reveals a brutal massacre. Bodies are lying where they fell. In 1 case, a couple were cut down from behind as they ran through the house, another is in a doorway. The Supreme Court (Japan) has rejected an appeal by a citizens group demanding that the state disclose the names of firms whose employees were officially confirmed to have died from overwork, saying this could harm their corporate reputation. NSA presentation (Tor Stinks)  read the full document How the Owner of the Company That Handled Edward Snowden's Encrypted Emails Courageously Stood Up to the Feds' Massive Investigation Scientists have found way to use a third person's DNA to greatly reduce the potential for disorders of the heart, brain, and muscle. Large numbers of European politicians condemn the act as a three parent baby incompatible with human dignity and are working to make the therapy illegal. Water 6,700 times more radioactive than legal limit spills from Fukushima Morocco teens held for kissing photo on Facebook A campaign to post a million copycat photos was later launched in protest. Chile has declared a state of emergency after a late frost caused an estimated $1 billion worth of damage to fruit crops, potentially hitting wine production and impacting trade from one of South America's top fruit exporters. National Organization for Marriage Caught Helping Russia Pass Antigay Laws Ireland votes on eliminating its Senate. A Spanish judge has risked the ire of women everywhere after ruling that a driving school was within its rights to charge female learners more because it was proven that men were better drivers US scientists boycott Nasa conference over China ban; Nasa facing backlash from US researchers due to rejection of Chinese nationals from conference American and British spy agencies targeted Tor network with minimal success Tor remains largely secure  the agencies had only limited success in trying to identify users. An alcoholic British mother who let her fouryearold son starve to death and left his body in a cot for almost two years was sentenced Friday to 15 years in jail. Arab blasphemy law being drafted in Qatar Law would empower Arab countries to file cases against nonresident violators  'all forms of defamation, derision or denigration of religions and prophets will be considered crimes.' U.S. federal judge has ordered the release of a mentally ill Guantanamo Bay prisoner who spent more than 11 years at a psychiatric ward Norway asked to destroy Syria's chemical weapons Greenpeace International's director says Russia's seizure of its ship Arctic Sunrise and the arrest of its crew is the worst assault on the group's environmental activism since its flagship Rainbow Warrior was bombed in 1985. Al Jazeera sources say the US may have been involved in seaborne assault in Somalia that killed at least one alShabab fighter. The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has endorsed overtures to the US made last month by President Hassan Rouhani in New York. The Seas are in Rough Shape Children among 5 Afghans killed in NATO airstrike Russia stops all adoptions to Sweden due to risk of children getting gay parents. Swiss to vote on 2,500 franc basic income for every adult  Switzerland will hold a vote on whether to introduce a basic income for all adults, in a further sign of growing public activism over pay inequality since the financial crisis. Internet freedom on decline worldwide as governments tighten grip  report UFO crashes into London primary school playground A very talented parent built the space craft and dressed as forensic detective to help with staging of crash. Later school received letter of apology from aliens stating they accidently crashed into playground whilst sightseeing in London 99% of Kidnappings in Mexico Went Unreported Last Yr  Thanks to fallout from continued crackdown on illegal drugs, its crime ratenumber of crimes per 100 headsis over 34, a near historic high. No wonder Mexicans are more concerned with security than unemployment, inflation, or health. Five stupid things Dread Pirate Roberts did to get arrested Everyone thought the shady figure behind the Silk Road website was a criminal mastermind. The reality tells a different story Gambia withdraws from Commonwealth, rejects membership of 'neocolonial institution' Pope Francis Heads of the Church have often been narcissists, flattered and thrilled by their courtiers. The court is the leprosy of the papacy. A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced a young man to 10 years in prison and 2,000 lashes for dancing naked on the roof of a car. We are not an island. We must not think we can be protected from conflicts  President of Germany urges country to play a bigger global role Thousands of proGaddafi Libyans tortured in secret prisons under new regime. TEPCO confirms contaminated water may have flowed into the Pacific Ocean in latest radioactive scare at Fukushima Russia's Military Is BackA million men under arms. Thousands of new tanks and planes. A hundred new satellites. Nextgeneration weapons. Inside Vladimir Putin's $755 billion plan to restore Russian might. NSA and GCHQ target Tor network that protects anonymity of web users Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant operator says another tank leaked toxic water FOI file reveals Catholic Church tried to strike agreement with NSW police which would conceal evidence against accused priests Saudi black op team behind Damascus chemical weapons attack  diplomatic sources The 12 countries involved in the TransPacific Partnership trade negotiations are now planning to only scrap fishing subsidies that clearly cause overfishing, negotiation sources said Thursday. Europe's Youth Unemployment Crisis In One Grim Map No threat to Qatar's right to host Fifa will announce Qatar faces no threat to its right to host the 2022 World Cup despite proven bribery, slave labor, extreme heat, and strict Islamist laws How Snowden's Email Provider Tried To Foil The FBI Using Tiny Font  The TwoWay  NPR Legendary Vietnam Gen. Vo Nguyen Giap Dies Miniskirt ban prompts protest at Hungarian university Japan to pay $3.1bn to remove US troops from Okinawa, will host spy drones Lampedusa sinking Italy mourns up to 300 migrant dead New evidence reveals FBI demands companies secretly turn over crypto keys, allowing them to simultaneously wiretap all customers worldwide, and threatens to jail them if they violate the gag order Unsealed Lavabit documents show owner defied US government court order for SSL key and destroyed the servers instead Edward Snowden's EMail Provider Defied FBI Demands to Turn Over Crypto Keys, Documents Show  Faced $5,000 Daily Fine Police caught in the act trying to incriminate innocent brazilian protester by planting explosives in his bag Pope Francis 'I believe in God, not in a Catholic God' For sale Chinese babies and children. $8k for a baby boy, $2500 for a newborn. Many buyers are from Western countries. ExNSA/CIA chief Hayden jokes of putting Snowden on kill list Canada Rolls Out a $1 Billion Privatized Medical Marijuana Industry 85 year old Canadian farmer is forced to surrender land that has been in his family for two centuries to allow for expansion of a military base The Russian Embassy in Libya is currently under attack. No more free delivery and special discounts France moves against Amazon which is destroying bookstores. Chinese tourists warned not to pick noses or urinate in public NSA Now Claiming 'Terrorist Chatter' Leak By Unnamed Govt Officials 'More Damaging' Than All Of Snowden's Combined Teachers in China have the highest levels of public respect, according to an international study comparing their status in 21 countries. Fukushima nuclear plant operator says another tank is leaking toxic water IMF says US must solve debt crisis Health of oceans declining fast BBC News  David Cameron suggests cutting benefits for under 25's. So they are Either learning or earning Ancient 300 yearold City Of Idu Discovered Beneath Mound In Iraq AP News At least 94 dead in migrant shipwreck off Italy Russian Embassy in Libya attacked CIA ramping up covert training program for moderate Syrian rebels Iranian cyber warfare commander shot dead in suspected assassination Iran's cyberwarfare czar is allegedly assassinated Alawite villages attacked by Islamists South Korean carmaker Hyundai Motor will defer payments due from US federal employees impacted by the partial government shutdown. Australia had a government shutdown once, in 1975. It ended with the Queen firing everyone in Parliament. FBI raids alleged online drug market Silk Road, arrests owner Saudi Arabia gives 20 lashes punishment to man for beating wife BBC response to government shutdown Even in the middle of its ongoing civil war, the Syrian government has continued to pay its bills and workers wages Heron is now 74% cheaper in Europe than it was in 1990 due to a failing global drug policy. Greek woman who went to Golden Dawn neoNazi group for support speaks up. They talked of beating up gay and darkskinned people. A party member came to visit me. He offered to break someone's arm and leg for 300 euros. Ignite a car for 1,000 euros. Hospitalize someone for a month for 1,500 euros. A German writer is banned from the US for criticizing the NSA Thousands in Japan reported to be suffering massive and recurring nosebleeds in recent days  Gundersen Japan doctors tell us, We know our patients have radiation illness but forced to keep it secret (VIDEO) Japan Aims to Beam Solar Energy Down from Orbit  JAXA developing revolutionary concept to put power stations in orbit to capture sunlight & beam it to Earth. It wouldn't deplete resources & it'd be unaffected by time of day or weather & provide environmentally friendly, clean energy. Lavabit founder raises $20,000 to fund court battle Greenpeace activists charged with piracy by Russian authorities, could face 10 to 15 years in prison for oil rig protest Tom Clancy dead at age 66 The True Size Of The Shadow Banking System Revealed (Spoiler Humongous) The Dominican Republic's top court has ruled that children born after 1929 to Haitian migrants be stripped of citizenship and deported. UK's first AllMuslim school AlMadinah closes after inspection Iran considers end to Death to America Highly dangerous radioactive material stolen by burglar in Swords (Ireland) SomaliCanadian arrested for allegedly beheading 4 sons in Somalia | CTV News Almost 1,000 people killed in Iraq last month, UN says A Belgian man has been killed by medical euthanasia after claiming that a botched sex change operation had turned him into a monster Japan fastfood chain to grow food 100 km from wrecked nuclear plant Tokyo Electric Power Co. said about four tons of radioactive water spilled out of a tank at its stricken Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power station on Tuesday. The water seeped into the ground around the tank, TEPCO officials said. Torture 'widespread' in Libyan jails  UN report Europe's Largest Internet Exchange Decides To Open US Office, Risks Making Itself Subject To NSA Demands ExMicrosoft privacy chief I don't trust Microsoft after NSA revelations, says he was unaware of Prism datasharing program when he worked there US leaker Edward Snowden among 3 finalists for EU's top human rights prize A CEO who resisted NSA spying is out of prison. And he feels vindicated by Snowden leaks. Age of Unreason The governments of Britain, Canada and Australia are trying to stamp out scientific dissent. German writer and NSAcritic is not allowed to enter the US A superpower has paralyzed itself. The unthinkable has happened.  Europe reacts to US government shutdown Korean minister blasts Japan for covering up Fukushima radiation leak Snowden to EU Whistleblowers need protection, Surveillance of whole populations is one of the greatest challenges facing human rights Report Cheaper, purer illegal substances suggest global war on drugs is failing NYC Accountant Gets 18 Years for Aiding alQaida Siberian tigers making a comeback in China Peru exports more illegal gold than cocaine, and its the worlds biggest exporter of cocaine NSA stores metadata of millions of web users for up to a year, secret files show A kiss between two women gets them arrested in Brazil. US shutdown has other nations puzzled NSA spied on Martin Luther King, Muhammad Ali, Protestors of Vietnam War Operation Minaret Venezuela kicks out three U.S. diplomats, alleges plot to sabotage economy Saudi Men Buying Syrian Refugee Children as Brides and Prostitutes The Indian lawyer for two of the four Delhi gangrapists sentenced to hang last week has criticised the victim's parents for allowing her to go out at night with a boy and claimed he would have burned her alive if she had been his daughter. NSA May Not Be Collecting Your Location Data From Telco Dragnet... Because It Gets It From Your GPS Qatar World Cup 2022 70 Nepalese workers die on building sites Nepal has said that 70 of its migrant workers constructing facilities for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar have died on building sites since the start of 2012. War on illegal drugs failing Illegal drugs are cheaper and purer globally than at any time over the last 20 years Putin nominated for Nobel Peace Prize Obama, after meeting Israel PM, says 'no options off the table' on Iran At U.N., Syria compares rebel violence to 9/11 attacks How can some countries, hit by the same terrorism we are suffering now in Syria, claim to fight terrorism in all parts of the world while supporting it in my country? Wounded in action An infantry unit fights its way out of an ambush in Kunar Province, Afghanistan (Holy hell. One of the soldiers takes a bullet to the helmet, but survivesit's all caught on camera.) A former CNN Iraq correspondent suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder says his employers wouldn't run footage he filmed of what he describes as a war crime by US troops, an Australian news source reports. The battle to save Russia's Pavlovsk seed bank. Scientists and conservationists are waging an international campaign to save Russian botanist Nikolai Vavilov's Pavlovsk seed bank from being turned over to housing developers Israeli FM's no loyalty, no citizenship campaign IsraeliArabs (1/5th of Israels population, not including Palestinians under occupation) who aren't willing to swear allegiance to Israel as a uniquely Jewish state, could lose the citizenship. Iraq's Bar Association to defend Iraqi soldier who killed US soldiers  The occupation imposed on Iraq has forced slavery on our people...Iraqis have been born free, refusing humiliation and slavery, so the sons of our people have risen to defend the land and...resist the occupation forces. Mexico newspaper cuts drug war coverage after slaying, appeals to cartels We ask you to explain what you want from us, what we should try to publish or not publish, so we know what to expect.  Israeli Vows to Sell Arms to Russias Enemies Move Aimed at Punishing Russia for Selling P800s to Syria David Cameron insists The UK is a country of faith Mexican paper asks drug cartels to guide its news coverage.  Biggest newspaper in Ciudad Jurez decides to restrict its drug war coverage after killing of second employee in two years
 'Asian unicorn' spotted for first time in a decade A Canadian's Response ... someone with the handle of 'canuckcutie' wrote a stinging and thoughtful response objecting to my criticism of Canada. I thought it was worth reprinting here ...  Michael Moore I think, therefore Im guilty  the intellectual trend in Britain is a remorseless slide towards a dark age of intolerance, reverting to a reasonsuppressing, heresyhunting culture in which certain opinions are being turned into thought crimes. Missing Iraqi artifacts found in premiers storage. France on full alert for suicide bomb threat on Paris transport Colombia thanks Ecuador for military assistance, Ecuador denies help Swedish Pirate Party Runs Aground in Election   Netherlands cancels tour by Israeli mayors because participant list includes settlement representatives. Pope's visit Blimey. What to say to the Pope?   Mayor of London wonders how best to welcome Pope Benedict Long time no See ... I felt like a woadpainted savage called upon to explain the religious backsliding of the tribe  Mexican newspaper to cartels We ask you to explain what you want from us, what you want us to publish or stop publishing... you are the de facto authority in the city now In an effort to approve energy efficiency, Chinese county of Anping is instituting 22 hour blackouts in homes, factories and public buildings every 3 days Pakistan still needs your help. Thailand `The Red Shirts will fight on!'  Eyewitness account of the September 19 Red Shirt protest Teetering on the apocalypse  China media warn Japan over escalating sea row UK Proposes All Paychecks Go to the State First  Everybody should just work at their job and the government should just give everyone what allowance they feel they deserve to get. Who Wants to Be a Russian Billionaire? 35% of Russias entire wealth now in the hands of just 110 people. Teslas $110,000 Model S is now Norways bestselling car Alarming mass dieoff of starfish in areas along Canadas Pacific coast  Theyve disintegrated, now theres just goo left  Appeared to melt  Single arms clinging to rock faces, tube feet still moving Taiwan says China will be able to invade in 2020 UN caused deadly cholera in Haiti, covered it up, lawsuit says Survivors and family members of nearly 700,000 Haitians who have contracted cholera are suing the U.N. for billions of dollars, accusing it of covering up its role in starting the worst outbreak of the deadly disease in modern history. A Russian court on Tuesday ordered a critic of President Vladimir Putin confined to a psychiatric ward indefinitely over clashes with police at a protest, a ruling likened by rights activists to abuses of psychiatry during the Soviet era to jail dissidents Half of the $51bn for the 2014 Sochi Olympics, the most expensive ever, is alleged to have disappeared in corrupt building contracts 30,000 year old Brazilian artifacts throw wrench in theory humans first arrived in Americas 12,000 years ago Another accident at Fukushima. At what point do we need to start paying attention (again)? U.S. to halt Egypt aid after coup Virgin auctions Colombian gangs entrap girls as young as 10 then sell them to the highest bidder Snowden leaks are a 'gift' to terrorists says UK intelligence chief The 'First Global Snapshot' Of The Drug War Used Government Data To Prove That It's An Abysmal Failure Three years in Abu Dhabi jail for father who killed son over bad grades Canadian Workers Replaced With Temporary Foreign Workers Dolphin killing town from The Cove is to open a marine park, where you can swim with dolphins, then eat them Passenger with no flying experience lands airplane after Pilot falls ill midflight Russians being paid to post online in favor of Putin and his allies, attack his opponents. Iranian citizen I could not have dreamt that the Iranian news would broadcast the voice of real people who would say, on camera, that our president has conversed with America Nobel Chemistry Prize to Martin Karplus, Michael Levitt and Arieh Warshel for developing multiscale models for complex chemical systems Parliament suspended in France after a drunk male lawmaker makes sexist chicken noises at a female deputy The first rules on state regulation of the press for more than 300 years will be set out this week after politicians rejected the newspaper industry's plans for selfregulation Russian President Vladimir Putin voiced his strong willingness on Oct. 8 to resolve a longrunning RussoJapanese territorial dispute and sign a peace treaty with Japan. Britain arrests four users of Silk Road online marketplace President Barack Obama said on Tuesday that China had probably taken advantage of his absence from a summit in Asia this week and he warned that the government shutdown and fiscal debate were hurting U.S. credibility abroad. Higgs boson scientists win Nobel prize Swiss to vote on $33,600/year universal basic income for every adult Australian FOI request proves Australian Govt knew all about PRISM, said nothing to Australian people Girl expelled from school for having two dads U.S. is now the worlds biggest oil and gas producer Ecigarettes are not medicinal and should remain on free sale, the European Parliament rules Switzerland Decriminalizes Marijuana, Won't Prosecute For Small Amounts Of Weed Kuwait has said they will use medical tests to detect homosexuals and make sure that they cannot enter the country Chinese Police Fire on Unarmed Tibetan Protesters in Driru Billionaire Masayoshi Son, Japans secondrichest person, mounted an attack on the next wealthiest, Hiroshi Mikitani, wiping out a combined $4.3 billion in their companies market values. China says US has 'responsibility' to resolve debt ceiling row; Vicefinance minister outlines concern over 'safety of Chinese investments in the United States' North Korea puts army on alert, warns U.S. of 'horrible disaster' North Korea said on Tuesday its military would be put on high alert and be ready to launch operations, stepping up tension after weeks of rhetoric directed against the United States and South Korea FBI struggles to seize 600,000 Bitcoins from alleged Silk Road founder; authorities battle to control Ross Ulbricht's personal wallet Two Inner Hebrides islands are to become a native honeybee sanctuary, after a new law is passed Conservative parties are lobbying to remove Palestinian history from school curriculum. Marijuana is Legal in North Korea Story of a Tourist Canada spying in Brazil more to come, Greenwald promises  Journalist Glenn Greenwald says he has more documents regarding Canada's spying in Brazil 'Sanctimonious little prigs' Richard Dawkins wades into row as London School of Economics atheist society 'banned from wearing satirical Jesus and Prophet Mohamed Tshirts' Worse Than Gangs Rio Police Criticized for Favela Crackdowns A new security campaign is helping authorities win back control of Rio's favelas ahead of next year's World Cup. Special police units are driving drug gangs out of the slums  but often only to replace them with their own thuggish rule Blood sugar Oxfam accuses Coke and Pepsi of fueling land grabs  The soft drink giants agree to look into allegations that farmers were displaced in Cambodia. Iceland rises from the ashes of banking collapse Inside Syria's model town Peace, until alQaeda arrived  The residents of Yabroud have established an independent government that manages everything from schools, the court and emergency services to humanitarian aid and defence. It is remarkably efficient  as long as they can keep alQaeda out. Arabian Gulf countries to begin using clinical tests to identify homosexuals. Will deny visas to homosexuals and transgender people. Woody Allen pulls Blue Jasmine in India  Woody Allen has stopped his latest film, Blue Jasmine, from being screened in India after learning mandatory antitobacco adverts would be inserted into its smoking scenes. Turkish police can now legally arrest and detain people they deem at risk of conducting a protest without court orders what you have is evidence about what real aggression is, which is the President of the United States is always insinuating that we reserve the right, at any moment, at any time, at our will, to go on to military attack on Iran, even if they dont attack us. China's crackdown on human trafficking frees 16,517 abducted women and children Bill Clinton Russian immigrants in Israel are an obstacle to peace Al Jazeera has called on the International Security Assistance Force (Isaf) to immediately release two of its cameramen arrested in Afghanistan over the last 72 hours. Mexico building a wall on part of the border with Guatemala. Some Afghan Boys Are Girls  
Fascinating, quirky feature on Afghan obsession with sons. Parents with a string of daughters can elect to dress and raise one as a boy, in the hope of getting a son next. Schools and society turn a blind eye
 UN finds Israel broke international law in attack on Gazabound flotilla  Indias commonwealth games are finished before they ever started Bombing at Military Parade in Iran kills 12 A Palestinian has been killed after a Jewish settlement guard opened fire at a group of men in an Arab neighbourhood of East Jerusalem. Israel Rules Out Signing Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty | Official Asking Israel to Sign NPT Violates International Law With the country suffering from a drought, the Fijian dictatorship tries to stop tourism declines by banning the Met Service from reporting on the weather 11 accused of rhino poaching in S African court today.  On World Rhino Day. Report India to be the fourth most powerful nation/bloc in the world after the United States, China, and the European Union Chinese mine bosses circumvent law saying they have to work in the mines like a boss Riots Erupt Near Temple Mount of Shot Palestinian False ceiling collapses at Commonwealth Games venue Israeli police storm Jerusalem mosque compound  Rabid vampire bats kill five children Flood refugees threaten Pakistan's political stability India tries to save reputation and avert Commonwealth Games crisis Train crash kills 21 in India. UN experts Israel flotilla raid broke int'l law Charges on South Africa 'kidney trafficking syndicate' [...] Netcare's hospital in Durban allegedly conducted more than 100 operations in 200103 in which poor Brazilians and Romanians were paid to donate kidneys to wealthy Israelis [...] Women take majority in Swiss cabinet for first time How the CIA ran a secret army of 3,000 assassins Granddaughter of Titanic's Second Officer reveals family secret about the sinking Titanic sank because an officer steered INTO the iceberg instead of away from it as he was ordered. Vigilantes in Mexico take on kidnap gang  The crowd, now grown to nearly 2,000 people, exploded again. Crowd members broke into the barracks with trucks, took the two boys outside and beat them, witnesses said. Ahmadinejad warns US of war with 'no limits'  The United States has never entered a real war, not in Vietnam, nor in Afghanistan, nor even World War II.  Fidel Castro Israel has right to exist. UN Gaza aid probe finds 'clear evidence' against Israel Mentally handicapped Danes lobotomised until 1983  Many mentally handicapped Danes, including children, were lobotomised between 1947 and 1983, and many died from the operation, a historian behind a soontobepublished book on the topic told Danish media Thursday. A computer virus that some experts say may have been written by 'another nation state' could be targeting Iran's powerplants.  CIA operates a large attack drone spy network in addition to Counterterrorist Pursuit Teams Hundreds Die of Lead Poisoning in Nigeria Colombia No. 2 FARC commander killed Again, shame for India, and for me as an Indian.. Italy abandons full body scanners, claiming them to be Slow and Ineffective. Score one for privacy! New shelter constructed over Chernobyl ruins  The New Safe Confinement is a 108meter tall sliding arch structure, which will cover the existing sarcophagus, which had been hastily built as a temporary measure after the nuclear disaster in 1986. Colombia  Government confirms the death of FARC military leader 'Mono Jojoy' [Google Translate] Dickens in Lagos  To understand life in Lagos, it helps to read Dickens, and viceversa. The great cities of the developing world are a century or two behind the West, full of the colour and characters of 19thcentury novels  CWG in India It is well known that India, and the Great Indian Bureaucracy, are extremely corrupt. But has the corruption crossed all bounds and is running amok? I don't recall any international event being managed so ineptly and with such disregard to a country's image and honor. Israel rejects UN criticism of its Gaza war probe Analysis Many Israelis and Palestinians live as if peace has already arrived UN condemns brutality of Israeli raid on aid flotilla The U.S. delegation walked out of the U.N. speech of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Thursday after he said some in the world have speculated that Americans were actually behind the Sept. 11 terror attacks, staged in an attempt to assure Israel's survival. CIA running secret army of 3,000 Afghan paramilitaries Colombia  Leaked documents reveal that Colombia's intelligence agency DAS spied on anyone suspected of opposing former President Alvaro Uribe, including wiretapping government officials close to the thenpresident. Four Japanese investigated in China for illegally videotaping military targets No. 2 FARC Leader Killed I tracked down a man who killed 14,000 people What we could learn from Portugal's drugs policy A decade ago Portugal took a radical new approach to illegal drugs by treating users as people with social problems rather than as criminals 'I would sit there wondering how people could be that bad'  Japan Creating a zerowaste city from scratch Greenpeace activists followed up on Japanese whaling whistleblower, but that case got dropped, and now they're to be jailed for theft, for the evidence they took and publicized to expose corruption. As Sarkozy expels the Gypsies from France, it should be remembered that this genius musician spent most of his youth in Romani camps near Paris playing banjo, guitar and violin.  Jean 'Django' Reinhardt. Israeli aircraft have carried out three bombing raids on the Gaza Strip, killing one man and injuring another.  Iran orders 99 lashes for woman facing execution, rights group says New Zealand earthquake picking up the pieces ETA declares ceasefire in challenge to Spanish government to open talks   Telegraph BBC News  Baghdad suicide bomb attack at army base kills seven French protest over Roma expulsions 
Thousands of people demonstrate against government measures they say are being used to target country's Roma community. Tony Blair pelted with eggs and shoes at book signingFormer prime minister attacked by antiwar protesters in Dublin as he promotes memoirs Brussels plans 'treasury' for EU Grandma Cha Sasoon finally got her license  on her 960th try. Israel foreign minister Peace 'not achievable' | 
Peace deal not possible 'in next year or next generation.' Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erekat Hamas may be willing to accept a peace deal with Israel should the agreement resolve the core issues at hand Dagestan suicide attack kills 5 at Russian army base Iran orders 99 lashes for woman facing execution after they saw the photo of a woman without a head scarf in a newspaper The US will probably keep thousands of soldiers in Iraq beyond the official departure date of end 2011, despite Obama's official announcement last week marking the end of the US combat mission Israeli military aircraft documents recent explosion at Shiite group's weapons cache; shows Hezbollah operatives concealing rockets, transferring weapons Second South African nurse hospitalized after attack by strikers South Africa Civil servants strike  Government employees close schools, hospitals and challenge President Jacob Zuma and ANC. France protests against security crackdown, Roma Expulsion In Christchurch, dawn breaks on a nightmare ISIS destroys Iraq's oldest Assyrian Christian monastery that stood for over 1,400 years Oceans running out of fish as undeclared catches add a third to official figures Chemistry Teacher opens fire on Taliban Militants in valiant effort to protect students Isis cuts soldiers pay by 50% Leonardo DiCaprio has launched a ferocious attack on the greed of the worlds energy industry at the World Economic Forum in Davos. DiCaprio used an awards ceremony to demand more action on climate change, decrying those who deny it is a problem. Terrorist Attack on Bacha Khan University Muslim man who protected Christians during Kenyan terrorist attack dies in hospital Jews welcome in Russia, Putin tells Europes Jewish leaders Inside the worlds saddest zoo Horror pictures show starving bears and lions abandoned by billionaire oligarch Swedish Police Instructed to Withhold From Public Suspects Skin Color and Ethnicity to Avoid Being Labeled Racist Freed Iranians in Prisoner Swap Choose to Stay in United States Norway to bus the first 60 out of 5,500 migrants from safe countries back to Russia India's internet regulator just called Facebook's Free Basics campaign 'crude' and 'dangerous' OBarry, star of oscarwinning dolphinkilling film 'Cove', refused entry in Japan, detained at airport The UK government's official voice encryption protocol, around which it is hoping to build an ecosystem of products, has a massive backdoor that would enable the security services to intercept and listen to all past and present calls, a researcher has discovered. ISIS confirm Jihadi John was killed in Raqqa air strike Gauck Limiting refugee numbers not 'unethical' Plastic to outweigh fish in oceans by 2050, study warns Israel Defense Minister In Syria, if the choice is between Iran and the Islamic State, I choose the Islamic State. For the next month, Earthlings will be treated to a spectacular sight, with all five planets visible to the naked eye lining up together, stretching from the horizon to the moon. But just dont call it a planetary alignment. According to Human Rights lawyers, Thai prosecutors love Microsoft as they give them all the information they ask for. 49th Mersenne prime discovered, largest prime to date. Obama, Erdogan speak by phone, vow cooperation against terrorism sources 'Patriots' distribute pork sandwiches during protest against praying Muslims A simple spelling mistake has led to a 10yearold Muslim boy being interviewed by British police over suspected links to terrorism. The boy, who lives in Accrington in Lancashire, wrote in his primary school English class that he lived in a terrorist house. He meant to write terraced house. Barrel of Oil now cheaper than an actual Barrel to put the oil in. German police make first arrest in Cologne New Year's Eve sexual assaults No. of suicides in Japan drops below 25,000 for first time in 18 years Donald Trump branded a 'fool', 'buffoon' and 'wazzock' by British MPs Take back migrants or lose aid cash, Berlin tells North Africa Germanys ViceChancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, has threatened to withdraw aid from north African countries if they dont cooperate on taking back rejected asylum seekers. UK Terrorism Act incompatible with human rights, court rules in David Miranda case  His judgment came in the case of the detention of a man detained at Heathrow airport for carrying files related to information obtained by the US whistleblower Edward Snowden. Facebook Begins Merkel led banning on hate speech and xenophobic comments for European users Bavarian conservatives want national burqa ban The conservative Christian Social Union (CSU), ruling party in Bavaria, want to pass a new law making it illegal for anyone to wear a burqa in Germany. EU has no more than 2 months to get migration crisis under control  EU's Tusk Largest ever longitudinal twin study of adolescent cannabis use finds no relationship between heavy use and IQ decline. New riot in Dutch town against refugee centre Irans petroleum production forecasted to increase to 3.7 million barrels per day by the end of 2017. Austria suspends Schengen, imposes Border Controls Germany must soon close borders to refugees, transport minister tells Merkel Alleged Paris attacks suspect arrested in Morocco Tearing down the Calais jungle Bulldozers movein despite migrant backlash North Korea We have invented hangover free alcohol Vladimir Putins Internet Adviser Owns a Torrent Site Greek police forced a smuggler to kneel before the body bags of the children before sending him to prison 961 foreign ISIL members from 57 countries caught in Turkey in 2015 Iran nuclear deal 'satisfies everyone except extremists', says president Hassan Rouhani As the crash in commodities prices spreads economic woe across the developing world, Europe could face a wave of migration that will eclipse todays refugee crisis, says Klaus Schwab, executive chairman of the World Economic Forum. MI5 named UK's most gayfriendly employer after survey Canada not invited to antiISIS coalition meeting in Paris  Politics ISIS 'halves salaries for fighters in Raqqa' as USled coalition air strikes continue to target oil and revenue streams Tapes describe U.S. servicemen killing civilians for sport Since 2000, 7,454 people killed as a result of the Israelpalestine conflict 6,371 Palestinians and 1,083 Israelis Israeli court recognizes Jewish pre1948 property deed in East Jerusalem, allowing for the legal eviction of dozens of Palestinian families who will be replaced by Jewish families. Russia is exporting 60 tons of mammoth ivory to China per year, and scientists estimate there is plenty more where that came from.  More Israelis have been killed in car accidents than in all of the countrys wars combined.   Parents Of Soldier Say They Warned Army About Thrill Kill Sergeant  ABC News Aid ship carrying eight Jewish activists from Europe, Israel, and the US was seized by Israeli navy off the coast of Gaza Since 2006, over 28.000 people have died as the result of the drug war in Mexico Settlement freeze? It was barely a slowdown
What took place in the past few months is, in the best case scenario, not more than a negligible decrease in the number of housing units that were built in settlements. By Dror Etkes  Taser firm that supplies weapons to UK police forces had its licence revoked for supplying unauthorized weapons to cops in the standoff with gunman Raoul Moat Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Tuesday abruptly sacked veteran Moscow mayor Yuri Luzhkov, a powerful political opponent who criticized the Kremlin and then defied pressure to resign Continent of Fear The Rise of Europe's RightWing Populists Tony Blair received early torture warning, court told A Dutch woman guerilla chick is thought to have been killed in last Wednesday's Colombian army raid on a Farc camp. Pakistan has lodged a protest with Nato after forces killed more than 30 insurgents in a rare, crossborder air raid.  
North Korea's Kim JongIl appoints son, Kim Jong Un, to a fourstar genearl, fueling speculation he'll lead next. Mexico landslide buries hundreds of homes, 1,000 people feared dead or injured ACSLaw could face 500,000 fine for porn list leak People's Republic of China threatens Nobel Prize Committee Canadian court overturns prostitution laws The worst drought in the last 30 years has ignited more than 47,000 fires in Bolivia over the last few months  9.9 million acres burned so far New Al Qaeda Number Three Killed Before his Seat Got Warm Medvedev fires Moscow's mayor Is this a turning point in his presidency? Luzhkov dethroned by Medvedev! Insurance firms are establishing a private navy to take on Somali pirates This week, Germany will FINALLY finish paying reparation for World War One! UN report shows conclusively that during Mavi Marmara raid, US citizen Furkan Dogan and five Turkish citizens were murdered executionstyle by Israeli commandos  'America used to be our enemy No 1. But now it's alQa'ida,' say former insurgents Denmark plans to be fossilfuel free by 2050 Gay film festival attacked by masked Islamic protesters Canada's AntiProstitution Law Rejected Iceland's parliament has voted to refer former Prime Minister Haarde to a special court over his role in the financial crisis. European cities hit by anticuts protests Iranian court sentences man to 19 and a half years in prison for blogging Mystery airstrike as Somalia collapses Most Overweight Nations Thanks to the Ontario Supreme Court's ruling, it is now legal to run a bawdy house, communicate for the purpose of prostitution, and live off the avails of prostitution. WalMart's African Adventure Begins. Pay Attention. Hitmen kill Mexican mayors as drugs war intensifies  When criminals beat smalltown mayor Gustavo Sanchez to death with rocks this week, Mexicans were horrified but no longer shocked by the latest attack on a local leader in the countrys vicious drugs war.  China cracks down to keep melamine out of food.  India Launches Project to ID 1.2 Billion People In Afghanistan, pipe dreams of peace The Son Also Rises  FP looks at the world's autocratsintraining who are waiting to take over their fathers' regimes. Iraq's militia leaders reveal why they turned on alQaeda Protestors from more than 30 European countries have taken to the streets over government plans to introduce spending cuts. One in five plant species face extinction  Just what Zimbabwe needs  the arrival of WalMart... EU to Begin Proceedings Against France Over Expelling Gypsies Sixyearold Evelyn Armendariz was hiding in fear under a bed in her father's Jurez home when a gunman shot her twin sister, Eileen, right above her. 'Mumbaistyle terror plot' against UK uncovered Explosions heard in Indonesian capital  in Jakarta, with reports of casualties. Wearing black jackets adorned with a symbol of a Viking and the Finnish flag, the Soldiers of Odin have surfaced as selfproclaimed patriots patrolling the streets to protect native Finns from immigrants, worrying the government and police. Denmark is poised to pass a law requiring newly arrived refugees to hand over valuables, including gold or jewelry, to help pay for the costs of lodging them. In Huge Win For Elephants, Hong Kong Finally Vows To 'Phase Out' Ivory Sales London breaches air pollution limit for the whole of 2016 in just over seven days Scientists say humans have canceled the next ice age Istanbul suicide bomber entered Turkey as a refugee, less than a week before his attack killed 10 tourists A local politician in Bavaria is following through on a threat he made to Angela Merkel in October  by sending a bus full of refugees on a 550km journey to her office in Berlin As Oil Crashed, Renewables Attracted Record $329 Billion  These figures are a stunning riposte to all those who expected clean energy investment to stall on falling oil and gas prices, said Michael Liebreich, founder of the Londonbased research arm of Bloomberg LP. Car bomb at Turkish police station kills 5 Francois Hollande has called the idea French Jews would hide their religion out of fear intolerable, after an antiSemitic attack in Marseille. NASA Planetary Defense Office Set Up to Save Earth Anger in Haiti over misspent aid, six years after the 2010 earthquake Israel to bar Sweden from any role in future diplomatic process with Palestinians Kerry Thanks Iran for Quick Release of U.S. Sailors Bomb blasts and gunfire in Jakarta Suicide Attack on Pakistan Polio Vaccination Center Kills 15 Norway to send refugees back to Russia  by bike [Developing in Sydney, AUS] Police clearing Opera House, ferries cancelled Canada officially welcomes first 10,000 Syrian refugees African lions are set to gain greater international protection this year in the wake of the killing of Cecil by an American dentist in Zimbabwe in 2015. The number of lions in Africa has declined by half since the 1990s. French MPs wear Jewish kippot to National Assembly in show of solidarity Taiwan's pig farmers threaten largescale protest over US pork containing ractopamine, a drug fed to promote rapid weight gain Prominent Putin Critic Vladimimr Pribylovsky, CoAuthor of The Corporation, Found Dead in Moscow New Charlie Hebdo cartoon suggests dead 3yearold refugee Alan Kurdi would have become sexual attacker