 Denmark aims to get 50% of all electricity from wind power Queen Elizabeth stuns bride and groom by accepting invite The Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the world's oceans, 6.78 miles deep, has only been reached by two humans and that was 50 years ago. Today however, James Cameron has started his descent to the ocean's deepest point. He is going to be the third human who has reached the Mariana Trench. Earthquake in Chile 'Last week UK approved the extradition of 23yrold student, Richard ODwyer to the US. In a response to the decision, The Times reader wrote an interesting letter thats worth sharing...' Prominent Kuwaiti Muslim scholar says freedom comes before Shariah A fall to cheer For the first time ever, the number of poor people is declining everywhere Israel cuts ties with UN human rights body  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Poland's new gas reserves turn out to be about 10% of the original estimate.  Greed Is The Beginning of Everything  


Interview with Tomas Sedlacek, freethinking Czech economist and philosopher. Complicated mathematical models are simply wrong or pointless at best. The real question should be Is the economy working the way we want it to? Kenya announces discovery of oil
 Monsanto, a halfcentury of health scandals Proving you're gay to the Turkish army A gang of women  described as blonde, bilingual and well educated  have been taking Brazilian shopping malls by storm, kidnapping female shoppers and maxing out their credit cards, police say. In a visit to Cuba, Pope Benedict calls for Cuba to abandon Marxism, saying that It is evident that Marxist ideology in the way it was conceived no longer corresponds to reality. Israel cuts contact with UN rights council, to protest settlements probe Foreign Ministry orders envoy to Geneva to ignore all phone calls from rights council commissioner; 'The council sparked this process', says a senior Israeli official  Only one of Japan's 54 nuclear reactors now running Israeli police say they have launched an investigation into reports soccer fans swarmed into a Jerusalem mall chanting antiArab slogans and beat Palestinian workers there. Man in Afghan army uniform shoots 2 NATO troops in Afghanistan. North Korea's dehumanizing treatment of its citizens is hiding in plain sight  Israel cuts contact with U.N. Human Rights Council over probe into Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank.
 A Norwegian court on Monday sentenced Mullah Krekar, the founder of a Iraqi Kurdish Islamist group, to five years in jail for issuing death threats against a former government minister and others. Japan shuts down another nuclear reactor; all could be off line by May  Pakistan bans Indian James Bond film  Journalist seeking truth about Khmer Rouge 'fears for his life'  James Cameron releases the first ever video footage of the bottom of the Mariana Trench  seven miles below the ocean's surface. 10,000 People Sign Petition to Honor Alan Turing by Putting Him on the 10 Note  Just last month the government there refused to pardon him for the crime of moral turpitude, that is, that he was gay. Global Warming Close to Becoming Irreversible  The world is close to reaching tipping points that will make it irreversibly hotter, making this decade critical in efforts to contain global warming, scientists warned on Monday. 11 suicide vests found at Afghan military HQ Australia bans Chinese  technology giant Huawei from bidding to help build a nationwide highspeed Internet network due to concern about cyber attacks traced to China Why the Right to Water Is Under Attack  
World leaders are trying to roll back momentum that would instill the right to water as an essential human right Al Jazeera has received a video of the murderous rampage in southwest France and is now considering whether to air it over the objections of President Nicolas Sarkozy. EU Parliament not sending ACTA to ECJ, making a final decision right away Al Jazeera not to air French killings video BP Oil Spill Seriously Harmed DeepSea Corals  Evidence compelling that explosion at Deepwater Horizon drilling rig in 2010 badly damaged colonies in the Gulf of Mexico  Egypt liberals to write rival constitution Japan in Uproar Over Censorship of Emperor's AntiNuclear Speech German police can base ID checks on skin color, court rules  A court in Germany has ruled that police can demand to see train passengers' ID on the basis of their skin color, supposedly to track down illegal immigrants.
 New Australian Laws Target Wikileaks New extradition law will make it easier for foreign governments to request extradition of Australians and a new spying law that broadens ASIOs reach, which has been dubbed the WikiLeaks Amendment. WHO The fight against new, antibioticresistant strains of tuberculosis has already been lost. Is Human Impact Accelerating Out of Control? The conference has already declared that the Holocene Epoch is now over and that the Anthropocene  in other words, the epoch when the impact of human activity will be clearly seen in the future in the geological record  has already begun. Japan goes off script at summit to slam North Korea Inequality The deals off  In much of Cuba it has become hard to find anyone under 40 with a good word to say for the system. The young people here have nothing to do. They are desperate,  | The Economist Study shows a 78% increase in executions worldwide. O2 forced to expose 'porn downloaders' Taiwan woman commits suicide while on Facebook Deepwater Horizon spill severely damaged deepsea corals more than 11 kilometers from the well site People seven miles away can see a gas cloud coming from the Total rig.  The gas cloud encircled Total's leaking Elgin Franklin oil and gas platform in the North Sea following failed attempts to kill the leaking well. Syrian government accepts Kofi Annan's 6point peace plan Spanish copyright monopoly lobby Promusicae files lawsuit against reputable Professor Enrique Dans for soiling their honor, and demand 20,000 in damages The potato movement is taking off across Greece agricultural produce is being sold directly to consumers by their producers. 105 year old woman hanged herself after telling her family she was tired of waiting to die. UK Student wins Police payout after being arrested for filming Germanys $263 Billion Shift To Renewable Energy Is The Biggest Reconstruction Of It's Energy Market Since WWII. France restores ban on GMO maize crops | Reuters UK teenager arrested for antiwar Facebook post Russian troops roll into Syria to support Assad Iran presses ahead with dollar attack (will no longer accept oil payment in USD just as Saddam did in 2000) Muhammad Wazir lost his mother, his wife, a sisterinlaw, a brother, a nephew, his four daughters and two of his sons in last week's mass shooting in two villages. Like anyone, I wanted my children to be doctors, engineers  important people. All my dreams are buried under a pile of dust now.


 Einstein archive goes online  
Hebrew University of Jerusalem to publish 80,000 of the worldfamous physicists documents on new internet archive
 Australia Passes Controversial Mining Tax Into Law  The Australian Senate has pushed through into law a 30% tax on iron ore and coal mining companies Six political activists who gathered last year to watch and discuss television news broadcasts of the Arab Spring protests were convicted Monday of plotting to overthrow the government. Norway's state church headed toward  disestablishment | The Christian Century Which is the world's biggest employer? The Vatican has expressed its dismay and betrayal at the sinful and criminal acts by Catholic clergy guilty of child abuse across Ireland. I cannot imagine US infrastructure, diplomats or personnel would be safe anywhere in the world says former Iranian ambassador if US attacked Iran.  Venezuela  Govt. hands out 600 musical instruments to children across ten schools as part of a strategy to prevent crime, and bringing the number of instruments handed out so far to a total of 1,600. Peaceminded Israeli reaches out to everyday Iranians via Facebook  CNN.com Australian Government Moves To Quickly Pass Laws To Sterilize, Electroshock, And Restrain Children Without Parental Consent CenterLeft Mexico Presidential Candidate Vows to End Drug War Greece  theatregoers will pay for their tickets not with money but with food, which the theatre's staff will then distribute among half a dozen charities and welfare organisations in the city. Major earthquake in Mexico  7.6 Greek bailout actually another bailout for the banks.  It is estimated that out of every euro provided by Brussels, only 19 cents will go to the Greek government, with the rest flowing straight into the coffers of banks and financial investors.  China raises concern to North Korea about rocket launch Deaths Spotlight Taiwan's 'Overwork' Culture  Working hard is ingrained in Taiwanese society. But recent deaths attributed to overwork are leading people to question the culture for the 1st time. Russian Court declares books on Scientology to be extremist literature and bans them from sale. 7.9 in Acapulco, Mexico Bomb explodes in Paris at Indonesian Embassy this morning Why Has India Become the World's Top Arms Buyer?  India has replaced China as the worlds largest arms buyer, accounting for 10 percent of all arms purchases during the past five years, a Swedish research group said. Egyptian teen throws herself off a balcony to avoid forced marriage Germany has confirmed plans to sell a discounted nuclearcapable submarine to Israel, after Berlin reportedly dropped objections over Jewish settlement building in the Palestinian territories.  Suspect in Toulouse shootings declares allegiance to alQaida according to French police Israel banning use of underweight models African reporter confronted with violent threats after story on female circumcision Mohammed Merah, gunman suspected of murdering three children and rabbi at a French Jewish school, has been arrested Greece 1 in 6 disability claims fake Are Walmart's Chinese Factories as Bad as Apple's?  
A fictionfree investigation finds that in many cases, the company's auditors are asleep on the job Centre fully accepts decriminalization of gay sex AG  The Times of India Gunman who killed French Paratroopers and children at a Jewish school is in a siege with police. Apparently is a 24 year old French Muslim claiming to be a member of AlQueda. Russia warned Tuesday [20 March 2012] that Iran would have no option but to develop nuclear weapons if it came under attack from either the United States or Israel over its contested atomic programme. Dutch Catholic Church accused of castrating young boys who complained of sexual abuse or suspected of homosexuality. Russia and China agree on a U.N. Security Council statement that threatens Assad Apache copter crashes in Afghanistan  Some things just need to be seen to be believed. [video] As Greek health services are defunded HIV rates soar; Malaria makes comeback after 30 years Bolivia Has Transformed Itself by Ignoring the Washington Consensus By breaking with orthodox prescriptions for progress, Evo Morales has helped to forge a new Bolivia centered on 'living well' Payday Loans in the UKthey learned this trick in the States  RIP NHS, 19482012 Cameron gloats as hated Health Bill passed to allow private firms to cash in on care Cameroon Elephant Massacre Shows Poaching, Ivory Trade Require an International Response 'Less than a month ago Bouba NDjida National Park was home to 450 elephants. Today, at least half of those elephants are gone, slaughtered by armed horsemen...'  Mexican Government predicted today's 7.4 
magnitude  earthquake one month ago. U.N. Security Council backs Kofi Annan's Syria peace plan Pirating UK Student to be Extradited to the US 'Despite public outrage Home Secretary Theresa May approved the extradition order today. The 23yrold student has never visited US, but now faces several years in a US prison.' 23 years old shooter in Toulouse, France, killed during assault, according to police. Over 308'000 PostSecondary Students (out of 450'000) in Canadian Province of Quebec On Strike Today To Protest Austerity of 75% Tuition Increase. Over 100'000 Expected In The Streets Of Montreal Today. 200'000 On Unlimited General Strike. Australia's mostwanted man caught after 7 years hiding in bush, eating kangaroos Baffling Illness Strikes Africa, Turns Children Into Violent Zombies Official Coup d'etat underway in Mali Contamination Time Bomb  Chevron, TransOcean Executives Face Criminal Charge for Brazilian Oil Spill  Prosecutors say 'crime against nature' could land imprudent company's employees in jail Gangs of women in Zimbabwe have been picking up male travellers to have sexual intercourse and harvest their sperm, according to reports. Alberta colleges, universities made illegal donations to Canada's ruling Conservative party during the last few years  CBC Muslim envoys walk out in protests at U.N. gay rights debate Kim DotCom to get monthly living expenses of $48,000 New Zealand court rules that the MegaUpload founder and alleged pirate will see more monthly cash and also be allowed the use of one of his cars Indian government may have lost $210 billion in 'mother of all scams' Antipiracy outfit BREIN is trying to stop the massive influx of Pirate Bay proxy sites that circumvent a courtordered blockade in the Netherlands Syrian rebels running out of ammunition as government presses offensive Marijuana Must Be Legalized  Massive fire sweeps through one of the oldest markets in Calcutta, destroying most of the shops  30 fire engines fought the blaze for over 4 hours  Why the World Should Keep Destructive Men Out of the World Bank  Just between you and me, shouldn't the World Bank be encouraging more migration of the dirty industries to the Lesser Developed Countries? (quote from banker Larry Summers, leading nominee to head the World Bank)  Toulouse shooting suspect Mohamed Merah dies jumping from his apartment window with gun in hand IMF Banksters worst fear Egyptians launch campaign to repudiate Mubarak's debt's Soldiers stage coup in Mali  Magna Carta to get modern makeover for 800th birthday
| Reuters Iraqi Kurdistan threatens to declare independence The Brazilian who wants to jail Chevron oilmen Leaked documents show 9,000 Nazi war criminals fled to South America after World War 2 (Telegraph)  Suspected al Qaeda militants unleashed a wave of terror across Baghdad and 11 other Iraqi cities on Thursday, killing at least 60 people in a series of attacks on government buildings, security targets, restaurants and a primary school North Korea warned that any criticism of its nuclear weapons program would be considered a declaration of war Staff Sgt. Robert Bales to face 17 murder counts in Afghanistan massacre Protesters gay the pray away. Not only has the United States reduced oil imports from members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries by more than 20 percent in the last three years, it has become a net exporter of refined petroleum products like gasoline for the first time since the Truman presidency. China Has Censored All Mention Of The Rumored Coup Attacking Iran to be worst mistake in U.S. history Castro Japan orders antimissile defence for N Korea rocket ACTA On Hold, But The Protests Continue In Serbia BBC News  China to end organ donations from executed prisoners New president urges Germans to stand by European unity, advocates tolerant society Better prepared Mexico's 7.4 quake causes damage, but no deaths
 'Pitbulltype' dog mauls five police officers in London, UK Gradeschool students in a northeastern Brazilian city are using uniforms embedded with locator chips that help alert parents if they're cutting classes, the city's education secretary said Thursday. Canada's Supreme Court says it's understandable for aboriginals to commit crimes, and they shouldn't be punished too harshly The United States, European allies and even Israel generally agree on three things about Iran's nuclear program Tehran does not have a bomb, has not decided to build one, and is probably years away from having a deliverable nuclear warhead. Hubbard ban Scientology books officially extremist in Russia (again)  RT Radiation risks from Fukushima are likely to be less than for Chernobyl US warns of 'strong response' if North Korea launches rocket  The Times of India Russia has destroyed 60% of chemical weapons
 Fresh water supplies are unlikely to keep up with global demand by 2040, increasing political instability, hobbling economic growth and endangering world food markets, according to a U.S. intelligence assessment released on Thursday. Kim Jongun's Barbaric Purge of 'Unsound' Military Brass He Uses Mortar Rounds To Dispose Of His Redcoats Fukushima Pref. deleted 5 days of radiation dispersion data just after meltdowns
 Nigeria's finance minister wants to be president of World Bank Portugal hit by general strike against austerity As Syria's bloodshed deepens, the Britishborn first lady has become an object of contempt for many, a Marie Antoinette figure who shopped online for crystalencrusted Christian Louboutin stilettos while her country burned. b'Venezuela and China Sign a New Oil Deal' b'India 13 yearold boy attempts to return a bag. The bag was the bomb. Terror strikes Delhi again, on Saturday.' Iraqi progress Baghdad's best medical facility cannot even keep their elevators operating b'Democracy Now Ahmadinejad Interview Part 1' IAEA's Syrian Contact Assassinated, Stalling Nuclear Probe b'Canadian Pol Dumps Candidate Over 9/11 Remarks ' b'End of road for driver with $1.9 million in fines' b'China, Pakistan to further enhance military ties' International Criminal Court's chief prosecutor will continue to push for Sudan's leader to be charged with war crimes b'the attack Thursday evening on the Faina, a Ukrainian vessel bringing military equipment to Kenya, has provoked the wrath of two of the most powerful militaries on the planet' b'Russia Aims to Upgrade Nuclear Arsenal' b'Finnish ISP thinks W3C.org is a childporn site' b'Global Warming Pollution Increases 3 Percent Chinese Greenhouse Gas Pollution Largely Responsible for Bringing CO2 Emissions to Record High' 'Holy' Airliner Hijacking Thwarted in the Netherlands b'Director of a British company who bribed a Ugandan official escapes jail | World news | The Guardian' b'Sir Alex Fergusan Berbatov can bring us the title' b'Iraq Signs Billion Dollar Power Deals with GE, Siemens' b'NKorea may already have nuclear warheads exCIA official' b'Paul Newman Dead' Zimbabwe's food crisis is escalating b'Bush says bailout will be passed' b'British Army Demands the Right to be British Race Gestapo Upset ' From 'straight talk' to smear campaign... The Straight Talk Express has taken a nasty turn into the gutter b'Pictured How China gets its troops to stand to attention  pins in their collars and crosses on their backs' In other elections ... honestly I didn't know whether to put this in the  World News, Funny or WTF reddit b'Japanese space tourist paid Space Adventures $21M to go to the ISS. They bumped him, sent one of their investors instead, and kept his money' France's top diplomat said Thursday that many European nations have decided to wait out the Bush administration b'Xinhua Runs Spacewalk Story Before Astronauts Leave Earth' Somali pirates 'seize 30 tanks'...where are the ninjas when you need them? New Coup D'Etat Rumblings in Venezuela b'The Swedish government says it is proposing measures to soften an eavesdropping law after widespread public protests' Pakistan 'kills 1,000 militants' b'BBCNews US military says its troops have exchanged gunfire with Pakistani forces across the border with Afghanistan. ' 1st anniversary of Burma's bloody Saffron Revolution b'Jewish extremists suspected in attack on Israeli peace activist' b'BBC World leaders and philanthropists pledge nearly $3 billion to fight malaria' b'Gay leader assassinated in Baghdad. Militia run Islamic courts sentencing gays to death.' b'90 School Children Abducted by Uganda Rebel, LRA' Over half of Europe's amphibians face extinction by 2050 | Environment | The Guardian Carbon dioxide emissions in '07 outpaced researchers' most dire projections b'Pakistani and American Troops Exchange Fire' b'Iran Sinking as Groundwater Resources Disappear' b'Russia to ban Simpsons and South Park' b'Tehran  A tale of two cities?' b'2 Terrorism Suspects Arrested on KLM Flight' b'Fusionman crosses the English Channel using his jet wing! [article and vid]' b'Pakistan warned US troops not to intrude on its territory Friday, after the two antiterror allies traded fire along the volatile border with Afghanistan' China's astronauts in orbit, prepare for spacewalk b'Government questionnaires stir unease about ethnic cleansing in a Baghdad enclave' b'Harper Hunt' Documents leaked by Edward Snowden reveal GCHQ programs to track targets, spread information and manipulate online debates Germany 'may revert to typewriters' to counter hitech espionage | Politicians claim communciations technology is mistrusted in wake of US spying allegations and NSA surveillance revelations Iran sentences eight Facebook activists to total of 127 years in prison for 'criticising government' India caps price of 108 more medicines Hong Kong asks Beijing for greater democracy Cheetah Smuggling Driving Wild Population to Extinction  Rising demand for cheetahs as luxury pets in the Middle East taking gruesome toll as 2/3 of snatched cubs are dying en route. Nations at both ends of the trade agreed urgent action is needed. Moscow Metro derailment 3 killed, over 80 injured in rush hour Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa (the BRICS nations) to launch World Bank and IMF rivals 10,000yearold rock paintings depicting aliens and UFOs found in India Germany pledges $1bn to UN climate change fund Australia George Brandis set to require internet, phone companies hold customer data for two years. U.S. signs agreement for $11 billion arms sale to Qatar The US has begun stage 1 of sending recent illegal immigrants back to their home countries Australian intelligence agencies to be given new powers. Australians would be wise to insist on very careful scrutiny of these proposals before endorsing them. Chinese TV anchor vanishes from the screen in corruption investigation, viewers watching an economics programme on China Central Television on Friday saw only an empty chair with an unused microphone where Rui Chenggang normally sits North Korea fires 100 artillery shells near border over USSouth Korea naval exercises WTO rules against US in trade spat with China and India 90% of mostly civilian aircraft destroyed by rocket shelling at Tripoli airport, Libya may now seek deployment of international force UK's New Energy & Environment Ministers Opposed Green Energy  Energy minister, Matthew Hancock, signed letter calling for cuts to wind power subsidies & environment secretary, Liz Truss, claimed renewable power was damaging the economy CNET attacked by Russian hacker group Ebola crisis in West Africa deepens Pakistan Man accused of blasphemy sentenced to death UN Secretary General Ban Kimoon says he will try to raise $2.2bn (1.3bn) in aid money to fight the spread of cholera in Haiti. Russia has invited monitors from the OSCE to two of its border crossings with Ukraine as a sign of goodwill. Meanwhile, Ukraine has said shots that downed a military plane probably came from Russian territory. TEPCO's rubble removal at Fukushima plant likely spread cesium to rice paddies 20km away Swedish prisoner escapes.. to go to the dentist. Returns to prison afterwards. Japanese want to build a power plant on the moon and send the energy to earth using lasers or microwaves. Police Distribute Roses To Gay Pride Marchers in India New Snowden document reveals NSAs international malware operation The NSA has infected more than 50,000 computer networks worldwide with malicious software designed to steal sensitive and private information China sends warplanes to newly declared air zone Plans for gayonly retirement homes to protect elderly homosexuals from homophobia are being considered in France Brazil confirms satellite deal after US spying outcry  Brazil's stateowned telecom provider Telebras signed a $560 million contract to deliver a satellite for secure communications Thursday, following months of outrage over revelations of US cyberspying. Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds caused the 'financial downfall' of thousands of small businesses through unscrupulous business practices, according to an explosive report out on Monday Canadian RCMP officer says he has 'legal right' to smoke medical marijuana in uniform Germany and Britain block Palestinian bid to join international olive trade group China 'tailed' US and Japanese planes in defence zone China says its fighter jets followed US and Japanese planes as they passed inside China's newly declared air defence zone in the East China Sea. Amsterdam sees closure of 'potcafes' as next step to prohibition  The Netherlands is unique on marijuana possession policy  While an illegal drug, having 5 grams or less is not a criminal offense. Visitors to Amsterdam's coffee shops may find this law doesn't apply to them anymore. Karzai says U.S. drone strike killed child, wont sign security deal if similar attacks continue Laidoff Spanish TV staff mutiny, take over broadcasts 2 Blasts outside US Air base in Japan Iraq violence Eighteen killed after being abducted. The UN says 979 people  including 158 police and 127 military personnel  were killed in violent attacks in October. More than 6,500 civilians have died since January, the highest annual toll since 2008 A new and more aggressive strain of HIV discovered in West Africa causes significantly faster progression to AIDS Berlusconi accused of bribing witnesses in prostitution trial Thai protesters capture army HQ Recent estimates put the number of young men and women involved in gang activity at 150,000 in the UK. What we have also started to see is an increase in gangrapes. Seven, eight, nine, 10 in a group targeting vulnerable young girls. 450,000 Christians flee from Muslim attacks in the Central African Republic Microsoft, HURTING after NSA backdooring, will now harden own pipe CNN cuts most crucial points from interview with Russia's UN envoy on Syria Weve had enough Shipyard workers protest treatment after coworker commits suicide b'$US 13 billion of the money allocated for reconstruction projects in Iraq was wasted or stolen, with some of it ending up in alQaedas coffers' [Breaking] 'Shooting' at school in Finland b'Noida CEO beaten to death by sacked employees' Japan starts work on $9B 'space elevator' to replace rockets  b'Venezuela Welcomes Russian Warships and Chinese Fighter Jets' b'Scenes from India (pics)' Methane 'escaping' from Arctic sea bed 22 year old story, submitted as news, reaches reddit's front page.  'Grim' Afghanistan Report To Be Kept Secret by US  b'Colin Powell On Russia/Georgia Conflict Georgia Started It' b'School shooting in finland' b'Millions of tonnes of methane, bubbling to surface of Arctic sea, could accelerate global warming' b'Critics Question Ability Of Missile Defense System' Iran president blames Wall Street turmoil on U.S. 'military engagement' b'Irans President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the US military intervention abroad is partly to blame for the economic turmoil on Wall Street.' b'Sarkozy calls for those behind the market crisis to be punished' Russia engages in 'gangland' diplomacy as it sends warship to the Caribbean EU patent office on strike 'the organisation is decentralising and focusing on granting as many patents as possible to gain financially from fees generated.' b'Mystery surrounds hijacked Iranian ship' b' U.S.led wars behind Wall Street crisis Ahmadinejad' b'Pakistan blames US raids for hotel bombing' b'Double Darwin Award? A couple having sex on a railway track have been killed by a train' b'Tourists Taken Hostage in Egypt  Relocated to Sudan' b'Bush, Ahmadinejad To Speak At UN ' b'Workers Allegedly Beat CEO To Death In India' b'Russian navy sails to Venezuela ' b'Oil prices shoot up over $25 a barrel  the biggest 1day rise ever  as anxiety over US bailout weighs on dollar ' b'Russia has successfully fired a new intercontinental ballistic missile. The Bulava missile has a range of 10,000 kilometers and can carry six individually targeted nuclear warheads.' Pakistan's top leaders were to have been in the Islamabad Marriott hotel when it was bombed  but changed venue at the last minute After a 20 year ban, Italy's Prime Minister has vowed to return nuclear power to the country b'Nearly 53,000 Chinese children sick from milk  Yahoo! News' b'Mariam Ayyad, 57, attempted to block Israeli soldiers from arresting university students in her building ... was beaten and pushed and she fell down the stairs.' b'Sex with trafficked women to be criminalised' b'That Syrian Nuclear Facility that Israel bombed last year?  The IAEA found no trace of radiation nor graphite in the remains.' Another 'W'  Foreign Policy Failure  Russia and Venezuela to Conduct Joint Naval Excercises in Caribbean  b'Iraqi Lawmaker Faces Prosecution For Visiting Israel, Advocating Peace' b'Pakistani troops fire on invading U.S. choppers' Pakistan troops 'repel US raid' b'Breaking Pakistani Troops, Tribesmen Fire On US Helicopters' b'Pakistani forces fire at US choppers officials. The incident happened late on Sunday near Lwara Mundi village in the North Waziristan district' All We are Saying is GIve Peace a Chance  UN 'Guns Fall Silent' in Afghanistan on Peace Day b'Dig pinpoints Stonehenge origins' b'Almost 13,000 Chinese children sickened by tainted milk ' Pakistan's rulers were supposed to be in Hotele during bomb attack  b'Turkey scared to admit Armenian genocide, says historian' Change in dinner plans saved Pakistan's rulers from hotel bomb attack b'Pakistani troops fire on intruding U.S. choppers' b'Heads are starting to role in China as the tainted diary products scandal deepens. ' b'Russian ambassador Czechs selling security for radar' Merchant of Death appears in Thai court, no it's not Nic Cage Huge Panama Papers search database goes public Monday Pakistan police arrest 13 for burning girl in honor killing Scientists invent silk food wrap that's biodegradable and could replace plastic cling film  Bananas & strawberries kept at room temperature for more than a week did not go off after they were coated with a nearinvisible film made from silk Russia is offering free land to citizens in hopes of getting people to develop the remote Far East part of the country from Siberia to the Arctic. A household of five will receive over 12 acres. Man rescued after 2 months adrift in Pacific North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said his country will not use nuclear weapons unless its sovereignty is infringed on by others with nuclear arms and it is willing to normalize ties with states that had been hostile towards it, state media reported on Sunday. Despite intense opposition from the drinks industry, the Australian NSW government has chosen to support a communitybacked recycling scheme for drink containers, as it seeks to reduce litter by 40 per cent by 2020, voting to adopt a 10 container deposit scheme to start in July next year. A tanker has mysteriously washed up on shore in Liberia with no sign of the crew A molasses spill in a river in El Salvador from a sugarcane processing plant has caused authorities to issue an alert. 3.4 million liters (900,000 gallons) of sludgy, hot molasses was released into the La Magdalena river Canada's 'Out Of Control' Fire Doubles In Size Africa's Great Green Wall could halt youth migration, extremism  The planned Great Green Wall would see a 7,000 km strip of vegetation reaching from Senegal to Djibouti, designed to trap the sands of the Sahara, halt the advance of the desert and restore 50m hectares of land. Reusing graves means UK cemetery will never run out of space  Reuse of spaces is the sustainable solution to overflowing graveyards, if done sensitively, says one of Britains biggest cemeteries Egypts Interior Ministry, in Error, Releases Memos on Restricting News Media. One document proposed a rule to stop all coverage related to Giulio Regeni, the Italian graduate student whose brutalized body was found on a Cairo roadside in February. Iran is facing a 'widescale armed uprising' as Kurdish insurgents have started targeting the Revolutionary Guard Fort McMurray wildfire reaches 156,000 hectares in size, expected to double Saturday. Turkish airstrikes kill 55 ISIS fighters Leading Pakistani human rights activist gunned down in Karachi hours after Facebook post hailing London for electing first Muslim mayor The Saudi King Fires the Guy Who's Been in Charge of the Country's Oil for 20 Yrs  Faced with plummeting oil prices, King Salman wants to revamp Saudi Arabia's economy & consider a future that relies less on petroleum sales. ProCorporate TTIP on the Ropes as Top French Officials Lambaste 'Bad Deal' At this stage, France says 'No,' says president Franois Hollande Two people dressed in Afghan military uniforms killed two NATO service members on Saturday, according to the NATOled mission there. Tens of thousands of Poles waving national flags staged a huge protest march through Warsaw on Saturday, accusing the conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party that took power last year of undermining democracy and putting Poland's European future at risk Camron under pressure to end tax haven secrecy PM faces call to force British territories to adopt anticorruption laws after Panama Papers scandal Aung San Suu Kyi Asks U.S. Not to Refer to 'Rohingya'  The Rohingya, Muslims in a Buddhist land, are reviled by the majority. They have lived in Myanmar for generations but are denied many basic rights. Swaziland King 'Steals From Children' to Buy Jet Panama Papers leaker targets NZ Prime Minister John Key Tax havens have no justification, say top economists, calling for their abolition | More than 300 economists are urging world leaders at a London summit this week to recognise that there is no economic benefit to tax havens, demanding that the veil of secrecy that surrounds them be lifted. Russia offers water bombers and specialists to help fight Fort McMurray forest fires CBS report Russian gold medalists used steroids at Sochi Olympics Panama paper trail goes online with massive searchable database About a fifth of homes have been destroyed in Fort McMurray, a Canadian city ravaged by a huge wildfire, the local MP has told the BBC. Israel seizes Palestinian family's land by secretly altering documents After the Pacific Ocean swallows villages and five Solomon Islands, a study blames climate change The study is the first time anyone has concretely analyzed the loss of Solomon Island shoreline in the context of global warming, they say. Panama Papers Source Wants Whistleblower Immunity to Aid Law Enforcement North Korea's Leader Just Announced He's Getting a Promotion, Nukes Are Ready Lightning kills four elephants in Sri Lanka  Elephants are venerated in the mainly Buddhist country and they are a highly protected species. Elephant deaths must be investigated and death certificates issued before disposing of the carcasses. Japanese court rules vagina figurines 'pop art', not obscenity US struggles to convince Iraqis it doesn't support IS Nasa Releases Dozens of Patents Into the Public Domain Turkish President Accuses Europe of 'Dictatorship,' Cruelty' Philippines investigates Shell and Exxon over climate change | A legal case will consider if the emissions of 50 fossil fuel companies violate the human rights of those hit by extreme weather Morning after pill British women forced to pay five times more than European peers for contraceptive 'As a society we embrace sex for pleasure, but expect women to march a walk of shame, and pay through the nose,' says the British Pregnancy Advisory Service Austrian chancellor steps down In its minority report, the Labour Party expressed strong opposition to the TPP, saying the Government had failed to effectively represent the longterm interests of New Zealanders Panama Papers reveal middlemen between Canada and offshore secrets Offshore finance more than 12tn siphoned out of emerging countries Nearly half of Europeans in poll want own votes on EU, like UK 66 Activists Arrested in Climate Change Protest in Australia NASA Releases FirstEver Global Topographic Model Of Mercury Top palm oil producer sues green group over deforestation allegations Malaysian palm giant lost business after it was suspended from the Roundtable for Sustainable Palm Oils certification scheme over deforestation allegations in Indonesia Red Cross Curaao is ready for possible Venezuelan refugees  Curaao Chronicle b'US marines were seen transporting metal crates inside the Marriot Hotel the day before, security personnel was not allowed to know for what purpose' Czech Republic's ambassador is among those killed in Pakistan Marriot Hotel attack b'Quebec Man Changes Name To Avoid NoFly List' b'For the past month, the risk of a war between the United States and Pakistan has quietly grown.' b'Israel troops kill 14yo near settlement ' b'The U.S. Army has just awarded a $4 million contract to begin developing thought helmets that would harness silent brain waves for secure communication among troops.' b'Massive suicide bombing at Mariott hotel in Islamabad, Pakistan. They used a bomb filled truck and rammed it into the building. ' b'Church of England admits by getting our first reaction (to Darwin's Theory of Evolution) wrong, encouraging others to misunderstand still.' b'Explosion in Pakistan causes 33 foot deep crater' b'Terror chief tipped to head MI6' b'UK Police Federation set to demand right to strike' b'15 killed, 30 injured attempting to steal fuel from train in India ' b'Chavez says Latin America needs Russia' b'South African President Mbeki formally resigns' b'Warning in Israel & Palestine  We must be ready to use force against Hamas to take control of Gaza' Could this be the world's largest diamond? Huge uncut gem discovered in African mine b'Israeli PM Olmert declares intent to resign  CNN.com' b' Scandalhit Olmert to resign formally Sunday' b'REPOSSESSED? Millionaire spooked from mansion' b' Rescuers comb Pakistan bomb hotel' b'Diplomats Syria passes 1st test of nuclear probe' b'Man lives for ten months without cash' b'Explosion At Pakistan Marriott Hotel Kills at least 40.' b'Ebay warning ahead of AllIreland' b'Pakistani president tells foreign troops to keep out' Iran's new parliament has more women than clerics Report Germany considering stopping 'unconditional support' of Israel Colombia legalizes samesex marriage. A virulent strain of herpes virus will be released into MurrayDarling river system in bid to eradicate European carp, in what Science Minister Christopher Pyne has dubbed a carpaggedon. Australian Government estimates the $15m project will kill 95% of carp in river system over next 30 years. Munich Oktoberfest to get firstever entrance checks  Revellers hoping to join in the carousing at Munich Oktoberfest will have to pass through a security check before entering the festival grounds this year, Munich authorities have said. US military finds itself not guilty of war crimes in Afghan hospital bombing German right wing party(Alternative fr Deutschland, AFD) calls for ban on minarets and the burqa Spanish Ditch Diggers Unearth 1,300 Pounds of Roman Coins  Workers find hoard of 19 amphora with mintcondition coins from the 3rd & 4th centuries. Find is remarkable, not only in size, but because it appears uncirculated, making them some of bestpreserved coins ever discovered. 72yearold man pulled from rubble 2 weeks after Ecuador earthquake Cambodia's prime minister has ordered a million hectares of forest be included in protected zones as the country faces one of the world's fastest deforestation rates. The move will bump Cambodia's conservation zones up by a fifth, bringing more than a quarter of the country's land under protection. Vietnam Dead Fish Crisis Critics Blast Taiwanese Corporation Formosa Plastics As Environmental Disaster Devastates Region Royal Cambodian Turtle Population Plummets 95%; Just 10 Left in the Wild  Attempts to save this revered species in the rivers of Cambodia appear to have failed Farmers nationwide have threatened to organise protests against the government if it decides Thailand should take part in the TransPacific Partnership (TPP) agreement. UK Hospitals Are Feeding 1.6 Million Patients Health Records to Googles AI Kenya Burns Elephant Ivory Worth $105 Million to Defy Poachers Thousands of Brits who refused to do unpaid work in return for Jobseeker's Allowance may be due compensation after the Government lost a legal battle. State of emergency declared in Baghdad Crisishit Venezuela pushes clocks forward to save power Nissan recalls 4 million cars over seat belt and airbag safety fears Colombia's illegal mining linked to malaria outbreak Video appears to show the moment a Syrian hospital was destroyed by an airstrike Saudi builder Binladin terminates 50,000 jobs newspaper Rescued circus lions flown from Peru to South African refuge Google AI gains access to 1.2m confidential NHS patient records Ecuador earthquake Rescuers pull 72yo survivor from rubble two weeks after disaster Puerto Rico says it will default on Monday Bitcoin's elusive founder reveals himself as computer scientist Craig Wrightand publishes info needed to verify claim Leaked papers allege US intimidating EU over TTIP free trade deal German media say secret documents reveal the US is pressuring the EU to approve a transatlantic free trade deal. The reports say Washington may block easier car exports if the EU doesn't open up its agricultural market Leaked TTIP documents cast doubt on EUUS trade deal Berlin Brandenburg airport corruption 'whistleblower poisoned' Looting On the Rise As Venezuela Runs Out of Food, Electricity Food Producers Alert They Have Only 15 Days Left of Inventory amid Rampant Inflation Health experts believe Australia is on the brink of virtually eradicating cervical cancer because of vaccine and testing breakthroughs Overfishing puts $42bn tuna industry at risk of collapse Former Catholic priest John Farrell sentenced to minimum 18 years for sexually assaulting 12 children Some 30,000 people took part in a yearly May Day rally in Tokyos central Yoyogi park, protesting against the controversial TPP trade deal among other issues, national work unions federation Zenroren said in a statement on Sunday. Puerto Ricans leaving island for U.S. in record numbers Pakistan Blasphemy case registered against six for desecrating Sikh man's turban Deadly heat wave is shattering alltime records in Southeast Asia and India. The temperature in Sukhothai, Thailand spiked to 44.3 degrees Celsius, or 111.7 degrees Celsius Buses set on fire after Saudi Binladin Group 'lays off 50,000 foreign workers' UAE to build artificial mountain to improve rainfall Massive oil theft by pirates costs Nigeria $1.5 billion every month Israels controversial roof knocking tactic appears in Iraq. And this time, its the U.S. doing it. Tips should go to workers, not employers, says government report | Charges on gratuities in restaurants, hotels and bars should be scrapped or limited, according to a review of tipping practices 44 claimed dead, maybe more. Others missing, injured, and feared to be captured, after suicide bombers attack soldiers in Somalia. British firm's Korean unit apologises over poison deaths Most of the victims were found to have used Oxy Ssak Ssak, a liquid humidifier disinfectant sold by Reckitt Benckiser in South Korea from 2001, that has been blamed for around 103 deaths  mostly women and children Greenpeace publishes leaked TTIP documents #TTIPLeaks The mosquitoborne Zika virus may be even more dangerous than previously thought, scientists in Brazil say. China Is Reportedly Training a 'Maritime Militia' to Patrol the Disputed South China Sea No TTIP if agriculture is threatened France Turkish artillery, US drones kill 34 ISIS militants in northern Syria France will press its G7 partners this month to launch an irreversible process to control the prices of new medicines, part of a global drive to make lifesaving drugs more affordable Iceland president's wife linked to offshore tax havens in leaked files | News The United States has told Pakistan it will have to finance the purchase of U.S. F16 fighter jets itself after members of the U.S. Congress objected to the use of government funds to pay for them Nine years of censorship  Canadian scientists are now allowed to speak out about their work  & the govt policy that restricted communications. It's not a crime if hungry poor steal food, Italy says The Super Rich Were the First to Bail During the Financial Crisis  Bloomberg Three Earthlike planets discovered orbiting dwarf star Turkish journalists accuse Erdoan of media witchhunt Berta Cceres murder 4 men arrested for Honduran activist's death  2 are linked to company building hydroelectric dam which Cceres was fighting. Cceres, who last yr won the Goldman environmental prize for her work opposing the Agua Zarca dam, was shot dead at her home 2 months ago. Mass brawl erupts in Turkish parliament over constitutional amendment French journalist infiltrates jihadist cell for six months Kenyan President personally sets fire to huge ivory stockpile to show countries commitment to combating poachers. EU may fine countries for rejecting refugees India's hottest town reaches 48.5 C (120 F) in a heat wave. Zika Virus Birth Defects May Be 'Tip of the Iceberg', Experts Say EU to grant Turkey visafree travel Climate to inspire exodus from Middle East, North Africa in coming decades.Temperature and sea level aren't the only things expected to rise as a result of climate change. As heat becomes more extreme in some parts of the world, scientists expect a significant rise in the number of climate refugees. A Copenhagen art exhibit planning to portray two of the Brussels suicide bombers and one of the Paris Bataclan attackers as martyrs has been reported to police for encouraging terrorism. An investigative economist has crunched 45 years of official statistics to discover just how much kleptocrats have plundered from 150 mostly poor nations. Cheering Cubans greet first cruise ship from US in decades Monsanto Set To Fight Argentina Over Royalties Owed By Farmers New Zealander William Trubridge breaks the world record for deepest freedive at 122 metres Hamas says its ties with UK Labor's Corbyn 'painful hit for the Zionists' Hamas praise of Corbyn coincides with a media firestorm in the United Kingdom surrounding recent revelations of extremist antiIsrael and antiJewish expressions by Labor members Labour suspends three councillors over Israel comments Brazil judge orders WhatsApp blocked, affecting 100 million users Wildfire destroying Fort McMurray, most of city evacuated Selfproclaimed Sharia Police in Germany to stand Trial on the grounds of violating laws against wearing uniforms with political messages Doubts rise over TTIP as France threatens to block EUUS deal Seven of the world's biggest banks have agreed to pay $324 million to settle a private U.S. lawsuit accusing them of rigging an interest rate benchmark used in the $553 trillion derivatives market Jewish man handed life in prison for grisly murder of East Jerusalem teen. The Israeli ringleader in the killing of a Palestinian teenager who was abducted and burned to death in 2014 has been sentenced to life in prison. King Felipe of Spain dissolves parliament, clearing way for a rerun of national elections, for the first time since the countrys return to democracy in the late 1970s. Clashes in Paris as police try to remove migrants occupying empty school Australia's first openly gay Muslim Imam has started a support group for gay Muslims Suicide bomber taken down by poisoned arrow Kenyan police bust ISIS cell plotting largescale biological attack Israel stops four tons of rocket chemicals from being smuggled into Gaza Attacks on Hospitals Are 'War Crimes,' UN Chief Says Millions of dead fish on Vietnam's shores raise industrial pollution fears Iran will close the strategic Strait of Hormuz, a passageway through which a third of the world's oil is transported, unless the US and its allies stop threatening it, a senior Iranian military commander has said. Apple no longer has exclusive rights to the iPhone name in China Senior Egypt Official Blames Tom and Jerry, Video Games for Violence Across Middle East As Asia's rice crop shrivels due to drought, food security fears resurface.A heatwave is sweeping top rice exporter India, while the No.2 supplier Thailand is facing a second year of drought. Islamic State kills U.S. Navy SEAL in northern Iraq Iranian cartoonist jailed for insulting members of parliament released Number of children in Japan declines for 35th straight year to hit record low Norway's $872billion sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, said it would press U.S. oil majors ExxonMobil and Chevron to do more to report on the risks of climate change. European Commission says EU states refusing to take refugees will have to pay 250,000 euros per person Scientists win $3 million for detecting Einstein's waves The founder and leader of the German antiIslam movement, Pegida, has been convicted of inciting racial hatred. Lutz Bachmann escaped a prison sentence but was fined 9,600 (7,600; $11,000) for calling refugees scum A company owned by Google has been given access to the healthcare data of up to 1.6 million patients from three hospitals run by a major London NHS trust. India plans to spend $6 billion on creating new forests Isis members can now be stripped of Australian citizenship David Cameron has no intention of withdrawing his claim that Donald Trump was divisive, stupid and wrong to call for a ban on Muslims entering the US, Downing Street has said. Kenya May End Forced Anal Exams of Suspected Gays US spent $1.4B+ on abstinence programs in Africa over 12 yrs. Study finds programs failed. Top Saudi cleric Homosexuals should not be punished Turkeys prime minister resigns amid highlevel rifts and deepening crises A Colombian sailor has been rescued after spending two harrowing months lost at sea, witnessing the deaths of his three shipmates and forced to eat seagulls for survival, U.S. Coast Guard Honolulu says. Thousands of Tons of Dead Creatures Hit Chile's Beaches.Heaps of dead whales, salmon and sardines blamed on the El Nio freak weather phenomenon have clogged Chile's Pacific beaches in recent months. Scientists uncover 71 million year old dinosaur fossils during Antarctic expedition Royal Navy fires warning shot at Spanish patrol boat hassling US submarine near Gibraltar Italy rules that stealing food not a crime if desperately hungry UN official to Israel You must criminalize torture Most of Greek bailout money went to banks study A Sydney woman who mistakenly had $4.6 million transferred into her bank account has been arrested at Sydney International Airport while attempting to leave the country Danny HealyRae labelled 'Ireland's Sarah Palin' after telling Dail climate change debate 'only God controls the weather' 105 female students escape abduction in Nigeria Brazil top court suspends parliament speaker Eduardo Cunha, who led impeachment drive against President Rousseff IDF general in bombshell speech Israel today shows signs of 1930s Germany  Israel News Sisi says Western human rights values dont apply in Egypt Muslims in Punjab, Pakistan funded the construction of a Catholic church Bangladesh Islamist party leader to hang for war crimes Germany gives goahead to relax rules on medical marijuana. Paraplegics and MS patients can heave a sigh of relief doctors will soon be able to prescribe medical marijuana to relieve pain or symptoms. Berlin gave the goahead to relax rules on therapeutic cannabis use. Mdecins sans Frontires to pull out of World Humanitarian Summit stating that the summit has become a figleaf allowing systematic violations, by states above all Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkeys Prime Minister, Is Expected to Be Replaced 'We need a revolt against the fossil fuel industry' Tesla chief says educating the public on climate issues is essential in countering oil and gas lobbys influence over big political decisions Fort McMurray wildfire grows 8 times larger as battle continues Pope Francis urges Europe to return to postwar principles What has happened to you, the Europe of humanism, the champion of human rights, democracy and freedom? Over 70% of Germans doubtful on EUUS TTIP pact. Merkel, meanwhile, reiterated her government's official position Wednesday, saying that she would do everything to conclude the negotiations, preferably by the end of 2016. Fort McMurray fire now too large, too fierce to stop without rain The targeting and killing of people with albinism in Malawi has a reached a crisis point after two more people were killed and their bodies mutilated, a leading acivist has said, just days after the UN said the community faced systematic extinction German report Bailout has saved banks, not Greece 35 tons of dead fish wash up in China lake Oil prices surge above $45 amid Canadian wildfire Turkish journalist Can Dndar escapes attempted shooting outside court Plans for coalfired power in Asia are 'disaster for planet' warns World Bank | Experts have offered stark warnings that proposed power plants in India, China, Vietnam and Indonesia would blow Paris climate deal if they move ahead Most of Greek bailout money went to banks  according to new study by the European School of Management and Technology U.S. To Ship Peanuts To Feed Haitian Kids; Aid Groups Say 'This Is Wrong' Venezuela accuses US of conspiring to topple Nicolas Maduro Dozens reported killed and wounded by air strike on Syrian refugee camp near Turkish border, activists say Palmyra hosts Russian concert after recapture from ISIS Blanket ban on psychoactive substances in England and Wales to begin on 26 May Firefighting plane crashes in Northwest Alberta while combating the fires in Alberta Bulgaria t return migrants to turkey from June 1 | Bulgaria has become the first EU member state to sign a protocol with Ankara to set in place procedures for sending illegal migrants back to Turkey starting from next month. Haiti had Zika months before Brazils 2015 outbreak. A fever epidemic in 2014 in Haiti wasnt chikungunya but Zika. University of Florida scientists tested cultures from Haitian schoolchildren. Funding needed to determine impact of mosquitoborne Zika virus. US sets deadline for Assad's transition from power to August 1st Saudi forces engage and kill suspected ISIS fighters near the holy city of Mecca. Go your own way, Erdogan tells EU Spain reports 1st case of Zikalinked microcephaly Amazon and eBay hosting ads for banned invasive species  Unregulated traders are using the sites to sell some of the worlds most invasive plants, with potentially devastating impacts on ecosystems The EU won't sacrifice its high food safety standards for better US auto market access in a transatlantic trade deal being negotiated, German Agriculture Minister Christian Schmidt said Friday. London elects its first Muslim mayor. Panama Papers source breaks silence over 'scale of injustices' Labatt Breweries Halts Production & Ships 200,000 Cans of Clean Water to Fort McMurray Residents Impacted by Raging Fire Saudi Prince Urges American Voters To Make The Right Choice On Donald Trump For the life of me, I cannot believe that a country like the United States can afford to have someone as president who simply says, These people are not going to be allowed to come to the United States Egypt official blames Tom and Jerry cartoons for violence in the Middle East ISIS terrorist's wishlist revealed after wife arrested, luggage seized at airport Islamic State executes a 7year old boy for insulting divinity U.S. reveals troops on the ground in Yemen Kazakhstan calls for nuclear free world by 2045 Iranian filmmaker sentenced to 233 lashes for documentary about graffiti in Tehran Australia quietly adds 49 species to threatened and endangered lists 'Stop resetting your password so often', says British spy agency A New Zealand man has pleaded guilty to possession of extremist Islamic videos and is set to be the first person in the country to be sentenced for such offending. More than 8 million in UK struggle to put food on table, survey says 4.7 million thought to be regularly going a day without eating More than 50 mass graves found in former Isis territories in Iraq as evidence of genocide mounts Leopards have suffered a 75% range loss worldwide Bangladesh Sufi Muslim hacked to death in suspected Islamist attack Fort McMurray wildfire before and after satellite images Man who leaked Panama Papers targets New Zealand Prime Minister in new data dump Pakistan rejects US conditions attached to sale of F16s Canada's Fort McMurray wildfire 'to double in size' Saudi prince Getting nukes an option if Iran breaks deal The wildfire that destroyed the Fort McMurray region in Canada's Alberta province is expected to incur the largest insured property losses from a single disaster in Canadian history. Oil tanker washes up on Liberia beach with no crew or lifeboats Rio declares financial emergency, requests funding for Olympics It's official May is now Earth's hottest month on record Thomas Mair, charged with MP Jo Cox's murder, gives his name as Death to traitors, freedom for Britain to UK court Iraqi forces take back Fallujah from ISIS Norway says it will boost defences against unpredictable Russia We have an increasingly unpredictable neighbour to the east which is strengthening its military capacity, and showing willingness to use military force as a political tool, Exxon Has No Free Speech Rights to Commit Fraud, say Climate Groups Exxon's preemptive strike to shut down the investigation before it is completed should not be countenanced, says Union of Concerned Scientists Large number of Turks in Germany put Islam above the law Germany may be home, but many don't feel accepted  new study reveals what ethnic Turks think about religion and integration, with many putting Islam above the law and some even justifying violence to expand Islam Radiohead Listening Party in Istanbul Attacked by Islamists Belgium Police Arrest 12 Suspected of Planning New Terror Attack Shattered records show climate change is an emergency today, scientists warn. Unprecedented temperature levels mean more heatwaves, flooding, wildfires and hurricanes as experts say global warming is here and affecting us now U.S. says it will stay in Black Sea despite Russian warning Canada's PM Justin Trudeau announced a possible commitment of troops to Europe following intelligence suggesting that Moscow is retooling for the possibility of war. China has ordered an apparent media blackout on mainland coverage of a Hong Kong booksellers claim he was abducted by Chinese agents amid outcry in the territory and internationally over the case. 'We shall not take anyone in'. Angry Hungarian ministers hit back at EU migration quotas  Hungarian politicians have said the country will not accept any migrants because the country does not need immigration. Kenya allows anal probes to detect homosexuals. Bulgaria set to ban niqabs and burqas in crackdown on the face veil Bill tabled by the nationalist Patriotic Front party backed by 108 MPs to eight against China has signed an agreement with the United Nations to open its future space station to spacecraft, science experiments and even astronauts from countries around the world Victoria Police failed to act on complaints about a policeman who sexually brutalised nine children during his 12 years in the force, the County Court was told on Friday. China must get better on human rights before Canada will sign a trade deal Trudeau Canada's assisteddying bill is now law after clearing final hurdles. Radical Islamists attack Radiohead record store event in Istanbul American man commits suicide by slashing his throat in Taiwan courtroom drug trial The Russian track and field team will not compete at the Rio Olympics after world athletics governing body upheld a ban imposed for statesupported doping. A handful of Russian athletes may be able to compete under a neutral flag if they can demonstrate they have lived and trained outside Russia. Pakistan has banned an actor from hosting a TV show, for discussing the rights of minorities in the country. The host earlier remarked that the state shouldn't discriminate against its citizens based on their sect & religious affiliations. Later, an Islamic cleric has called for murder of the host. Lawmakers call for defunding UN schools after film shows Palestinian kids praising ISIS Canada Legalizes PhysicianAssisted Dying There is no need for anyone else to engage in politics. Our duty is to support the leader in this country. No one should do politics in Turkey except Erdoan, says chief adviser. Egypt just sentenced two former Al Jazeera employees to death Turkish police use tear gas, rubber bullets and water cannons to disperse protesters against radical Islamists' assault on Radiohead fans. Over 500 people had gathered in Cihangir Square with beers in hands. Microsoft avoids paying 100m a year in UK corporation tax Canada willingly makes tax deals with tax havens. Billions of dollars are moving out of Canada  nearly all tax free  with 92 tax treaties signed. 3 International Space Station astronauts return safely to Earth Pakistan Province Grants 300 Million Rupees To 'University of Jihad' Refugees should have to 'accept Kiwi values' The government is being told it should make refugees sign up to New Zealand values before they allowed are into the country. Firemen in Sicily are battling dozens of forest blazes which they believe were lit by the island's mafia or their collaborators.Authorities have pointed the blame at mafia mobsters allied with unscrupulous developers who hope to build villas and holiday homes on the torched land Norway's parliament approves radical proposal to become climate neutral by 2030, 20 years earlier than planned Russian aircraft bombed US backed rebels near the Jordanian border, forcing US to send aircraft to the area. Hundreds of academic, religious, popular, student, human and social rights organizations around the world signed a document Friday that condemns the brutal repression exerted by the Mexican government against teachers who reject the education reform by President Enrique Pea Nieto. North Korea Steals U.S. Fighter Blueprints Vladimir Putin says that Russian will work with whoever is elected US president Thousands of people in Poland march to defend abortion rights Angry Julian Assange starts fifth year cooped in London embassy Thai government is planning on legalization of methamphetamine Thousands protest U.S. bases on Okinawa after Japan woman's murder In a show of strength before an international courts ruling on Chinas claims in the South China Sea, US Navy sails 2 Aircraft carriers in western Pacific UK government suspects many of those who attacked England supporters are in Russias uniformed services German minister warns NATO of 'saberrattling' against Russia IMF says EU exit 'largest nearterm risk' to British economy Rio Declares 'State Of Calamity' Ahead Of Games Turkish troops kill 11 Syrians trying to cross border monitor Decriminalisation Call As 'War On Drugs' Fails. Top public health experts say illicit drug use should be treated as a health issue rather than punishing those who need treatment. Germany to end unofficial tolerance of polygamy 'No one who comes to us has the right to put their cultural roots, or their religious beliefs, above our laws,' says justice minister Killing of nonMuslims and minority groups forbidden in Islam.Bangladeshi clerics have issued a fatwa against the killings of minorities and secular campaigners in the mainly Muslim country, where police have arrested over 10,000 people in a crackdown on militancy. Once Islamic State is defeated, Iraq should be divided into three separate entities to prevent further sectarian bloodshed, with a state each given to Shi'ite Muslims, Sunnis and Kurds, a top Kurdish official said on Thursday. LEGO donates 600 million DKK (90.7 million USD) to new children's hospital in Copenhagen Physicists have detected ripples in the fabric of spacetime that were set in motion by the collision of two black holes far across the universe more than a billion years ago. The event marks only the second time that scientists have spotted gravitational waves Obama meets Dalai Lama in spite of China protest A chilling call Police to contact 151 Canadians on ISIS 'kill list' BBC News EgyptAir wreckage found in Mediterranean Norway Kills More Whales than Japan and Iceland Combined, Report Finds. India aims for a record by launching 22 satellites on a single rocket The World Has Gotten More Peaceful, Except the Middle East Catholic orders take their lead from the pope and divest from fossil fuels Four Australian Catholic orders are jointly and publicly divesting from coal, oil and gas We believe the Gospel asks no less of us Undercover police officer 'recorded Muslim extremists calling for gay people to be thrown from a building during secret ISIS support meetings in back garden' 'El Chapo' prison guard killed; Mexico deploys 300 troops to guard prison Employee of Panama Papers Law Firm, Mossack Fonseca, Is Arrested in Switzerland $40 billion aid to Israel is 'largest ever' to any country, says Susan Rice Lam Wingkee, bookseller who went missing for nearly eight months and only returned to Hong Kong from the mainland this week, described on Thursday his harrowing detention at a border crossing and sustained efforts by authorities there to extract information from him. Poliovirus detected in water sample in India, state declares global emergency One in four deaths of young men aged from 15 to 39 in Ireland is due to alcohol and drink is a factor in half of all suicides.Alcohol is also involved in more than one third of cases of deliberate selfharm, peaking around weekends and public holidays. Prince William Becomes First Royal to Pose for LGBT Magazine  Speaking out on homophobic bullying LIGO Has Detected Gravitational Waves for the Second Time Walmart Canada says it would stop accepting visa cards because of unacceptably high fees. Visa accuses Walmart of using customers as Pawns in battle over fees. $28 bln invested in cluster weapon producers in 4 years  Report finds 158 financial institutions involved in funding production of weapons, despite intl law banning cluster bombs A Kenyan High Court has dismissed a case challenging the legality of anal tests as proof of homosexuality MP Jo Cox dead after shooting attack Saudi Arabia upset after Hillary Clinton links oil kingdom to terrorism India may be building an underwater wall of microphones to keep track of Chinas submarines, Hydrophones can record and listen to underwater sounds ExAuschwitz guard Reinhold Hanning, 94, sentenced to 5 years for being accessory to murder in 170,000 deaths. The annual Gay Pride Parade in Istanbul is under threat from ultranationalist and conservative groups who have pledged to do what is necessary to stop the event. Russian athletes to remain banned from international competition Israel seeks life plus 60 years for gay pride stabber Brazil's tourism minister resigns weeks before Olympics A rare, risky mission is underway to rescue sick scientists from the South Pole China behaving like 'gangster' state with bookseller kidnap, say Hong Kong politicians Putin Today USA is the only superpower. Report shows young people today in Australia are overqualified, underemployed and swimming in debt Alleged killer of British MP was a longtime supporter of the neoNazi National Alliance Taliban use 'honey trap' boys to kill Afghan police  The Taliban are using child sex slaves to mount crippling insider attacks on police in southern Afghanistan COGAT Israel water supply to Palestinians increased, not decreased Deaths, arrests as looting erupts in Venezuela Elderly Japanese, among the world's richest retirees, are flocking to inheritance advisers, tackling historical taboos on discussing death and providing a rare avenue of growth for the country's brokerages and banks. Russian hooligans attack Spanish tourists outside cathedral  Independent.ie Boko Haram shoot dead 18 women at funeral in northern Nigeria ISIS Committed Genocide Against Yazidis in Syria and Iraq, U.N. Panel Says Greece wants to send thousands of migrants back to Turkey in coming weeks Missing Hong Kong bookseller I was kidnapped  One of five Hong Kong booksellers who went missing in late 2015 said he was kidnapped after crossing the border into mainland China Kim Jongun destroys model village in North Korea built by his 'despicable human scum' uncle Sources claim the theme park made the North Korean leader uneasy Turkey Bans Gay Pride Parade in Istanbul, Citing Security One dead, others injured in mass stabbing at Calgary medical clinic. Gay Chinese man sues mental hospital for trying to cure him with drugs and beatings Goldman Sachs hired prostitutes to win Libyan business 'Man holed up in Paris suburban home with hostages after killing policeman' A group of Pakistani clerics has issued a fatwa, or religious ruling, declaring honour killing over perceived damage to a family's reputation against the teaching of Islam, and anyone who carries out such an attack a heretic Animal Welfare Institute Report Norway is now the worlds leading whaling nation, killing more whales in the past two years than Japan and Iceland combined. ISIS leader alBaghdadi killed in air strike Report Leaked secret audio recordings of Brazils most powerful figures have sparked a series of explosive scandals in the nations ongoing political crisis. Now, Brazilian lawmakers are trying to outlaw publication of such recordings US with 5 percent of the world's population has nearly third of world's mass shootings London's mayor has banned 'unrealistic body images' from transport advertising University of Toronto under lockdown after report of armed man French police have started the process of deporting almost 50 Russia fans following violent clashes with England supporters that marred the opening days of Euro 2016. The Pirate Party charges back to the top of polls in Iceland with only four months until elections The atmosphere has hit a grim milestone  and scientists say well never go back within our lifetimes Barrier Reef rodent is first mammal declared extinct due to climate change Unprecedented 11 million supporters sign petition calling for the end of China's Yulin dog meat festival Bollywood is celebrating a rare court decision to overrule the country's chief censor, who had sought to censor a controversial film about drug problems in the state of Punjab. ISIS militants massacres 40 civilians in Ghandoura, north Aleppo Muslim villagers donate money to build church for Christian community in Pakistan Australia reviews visa of Islamic scholar over homosexuality comments Mongolia is changing all its addresses to threeword phrases. The system, developed by a British startup, identifies 9squaremeter spaces anywhere on the planet with just three words. Nonpraying people 'animals', Turkish academic says on state TV ISIS claims responsibility for killing of French police officer Laser technology reveals huge medieval cities hidden in the Cambodian jungle Canadian Hostage Robert Hall Beheaded by Abu Sayyaf Militants First Muslim Gay 'Imam' Says Quran Doesn't Call for Punishment of Homosexuals ISIS Twitter accounts have been hijacked with gay porn Dalai Lama grows quite skeptical about the effects of prayer, stating that serious actions are required for real changes Nearly 400 international scientists called on Barack Obama to rule out further expansion of oil and gas exploration in Arctic waters under US control. A gay couple has been detained by Moscow police in Russia after leaving flowers and a sign with Love wins written on it outside the US embassy. Russian law bans protests over gay rights, and LGBT people in the country suffer severe discrimination and homophobia. Scotland beats climate emissions reductions target six years early. Down 46% since 1990. Scientists have discovered the first complex organic chiral molecule in interstellar space. Israel cuts water supplies to West Bank during Ramadan Avocado shortage fuels crime wave in New Zealand Catholic teenager hung on cross at work left 'ashamed', four men are accused of religiously aggravated assault by beating. Justin Trudeau considers European troop commitment as Canadian Intel warns Russia is 'mobilizing for war' Obama risks angering 1.3 billion Chinese people by meeting the Dalai Lama, warns Beijing The UN [has] ruled that Ireland's abortion ban violates human rights Young Australians are more educated than previous generations, but they are struggling to turn higher qualifications into paid work. Malnutrition is sweeping the world, fuelled by obesity as well as starvation, new research has suggested China warns U.S. against meetings with Dalai Lama, and Taiwan president Mexico's first independent governor No one likes fat girls Brazil's giant dams risk destroying heart of the Amazon, says Greenpeace Construction of 40 dams in the Tapajs river basin would severely affect indigenous people and is not justifiable economically, says new report Justin Trudeau Refuses to Stop Giving Canadians Criminal Records Over Weed Raqqa Elderly Christian forced to convert to Islam, cannot afford ISIS minority tax Islamophobia on the rise in Germany  study. Islamophobia has risen markedly in Germany, a study published on Wednesday showed, underscoring the tensions simmering in German society after more than one million migrants, mostly Muslims, arrived last year. A morsel of neverbeforeseen alien rock has been dug up in a limestone quarry in Sweden, where it had lain deeply buried for about 470m years, scientists said Tuesday. Chinese children at five are 8cm taller than 40 years ago, according to government surveys over 161,774 healthy children May Was Planet's Hottest Month on Record, NASA Former No. 2 at Argentinas Public Works Ministry was arrested burying millions outside convent Five Die in Attack on Gay Club, Shootout in Eastern Mexico Pakistani Senator Threatens Activist With Rape on Live Television ISIS 'will target' the Rio Olympics 2016 says Brazil's antiterror chief Germany Thousands Surround US Air Base to Protest the Use of Drones Over 5,000 Germans formed a 5.5mile human chain to surround the base MH370 Debris discovered off south Australian coast means missing planes wreckage could span 10,000 km TwoThirds of the World to Suffer Water Scarcity in 10 Years NSA Looking to Exploit Internet of Things, Including Biomedical Devices, Official Says Walmart Canada to stop accepting Visa, says fees too high Eleven German MPs under police protection in 'genocide' row Drug traffickers burning down Guatemalan forest to make clandestine landing strips for planes carrying USbound cocaine have razed an area twice the size of Manhattan this year, officials say. Nuuk, Greenlands capital, was warmer than New York City soaring to 75 degrees (24 Celsius) Thursday, marking the warmest temperature ever recorded in the Arctic country during June. Tel Aviv mayor links terror attack to occupation, sparking outcry Revenge porn threats could be made a crime in England and Wales Chinas Dog Meat Festival Is Again at Hand, and Opponents Are Lining Up Japan, U.S., India kick off key joint naval exercises amid growing Chinese maritime assertiveness | The Japan Times ISIS terrorist executes his own brother in charge of apostasy England and Russia could be thrown out of Euro 2016 if there is more violence | Football Marseille erupts into chaos as English, French & Russian hooligans exchange violent attacks Oilrich Norway is taking a big step in saving tropical rainforests that are crucial to absorbing the world's carbon emissions. The Scandinavian country has become the first in the world to pledge not to use products that contribute to deforestation. Explosion in Shanghai Pudong Airport Elated women in Syria have removed their niqabs  the facecovering veil made compulsory by Isis  after their village was liberated from the jihadists. Bounty war Drug lords raise offer for Philippines leaders head to $1,000,000 Turkey's Jews host Ramadan iftar at restored synagogue  Turkey S. Korea to resume crackdown on Chinese fishing boats Bangladesh police have arrested 3,155 people in 24 hours following a spate of gruesome murders. ISIS Claims Responsibility for Blasts Near Syrian Shiite Shrine That Killed at Least 20 A Dutch woman who alleged she was raped after being drugged in an upscale nightclub in Doha was convicted of having sex out of wedlock by a Qatari court on Monday and given a oneyear suspended sentence. Islamic State claims responsibility for Orlando nightclub shooting Muslim students in Denmark banned from praying during school hours Turkish website reports 50 perverts killed in a bar The New Democrat Party of Canada is introducing a motion on Monday, calling on the liberal government to decriminalize simple possession of marijuana for personal use immediately. 5 Delhi Hospitals Fined $125 million For Refusing Free Treatment To Poor German MP calls for a travel ban on Erdogan  Sevim Dagdelen has urged action after receiving death threats over the Armenian genocide vote in Germany's parliament. She said she wants Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to be prevented from entering Germany. Exclusive Edward Snowden leaks reveal secret Scottish spy system Microsoft to buy Linkedin for $26.2 Billion Irish Prime Minister I'll meet Donald Trump and tell him why his views are racist and dangerous Islamic decree terms honor killing unIslamic act Reports of powerful explosion in Beirut India Is Building a $60 Million MonsoonPredicting Supercomputer Ukraine Holds Its First Major Gay Pride March in Kiev Cleric who preached death for homosexual acts and toured Orlando visits Sydney Greece will soon recognize Palestinian state, ruling party says Bangladesh arrests over 100 Islamists in crackdown after killings Russian hooligans were savage and organised, say England fans. The Australian government will establish a special $1 billion fund to protect the Great Barrier Reef from the ravages of climate change and declining water quality. Goldman Sachs hired prostitutes to win Libyan business, court told Wall Street Bank also accused of paying for travel and fivestar hotels by Libyan sovereign wealth fund, as UK high court hearing gets under way Ukraine holds its first largescale LGBT pride parade May Broke A New Record For Arctic Sea Ice Loss Oscar Pistorius to be sentenced for murder of Reeva Steenk the former athlete faces 15 years in jail after appeal court rejected culpable homicide verdict in shooting death of Steenkamp in 2013 At least 12 released Guantanamo detainees implicated in attacks on Americans Thousands flee Falluja using first safe exit route secured by Iraqi army U.N. Chief Admits He Removed Saudi Arabia From ChildKiller List Due to Extortion German public pool bans the burqini Trans people in UK could face rape charges if they don't reveal gender history Hindu ashram (monastery) worker hacked to death in Bangladesh There have been systematic attacks in Bangladesh in recent months on minorities, secular bloggers, intellectuals and foreigners Naked & afraid German nudist colony protests refugee shelter over safety concerns Carbon dioxide has been pumped underground and turned rapidly into stone, demonstrating a radical new way to tackle climate change. The unique project promises a cheaper and more secure way of burying CO2 from fossil fuel burning underground, where it cannot warm the planet. AIDS deaths in India down 55% since 2007 ;HIV infections down by 66% since 2000 Kurdish Group Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack  Kurdistan Freedom Falcons warns tourists Turkey is no longer secure for you. U.S. widens war in Afghanistan, authorizes new action against Taliban UN Secretary General Ban Kimoon says he faced unacceptable pressure to remove the Saudiled coalition fighting in Yemen from a blacklist over child casualties. Mr Ban said a number of countries had threatened to cut off vital funding for many UN programmes. Refugee camp in Duesseldorf burned down by migrants Russia We will respond to entry of U.S. naval vessel into Black Sea For the first time ever, India has crossed a major milestone in the use of renewable energy; Total capacity of renewable energy projects(wind and solar energy) expanded to 42,850 MW, overtaking hydropower at 42,783 MW, out of the country's total capacity of 300,000 MW on April 30 Justin Trudeau defends deal to sell armored vehicles to the Saudis  Were not a banana republic The United States has wasted billions of dollars in reconstruction aid to Afghanistan over the past decade, and now a renewed Taliban insurgency is threatening the gains that have been made, the U.S governments top watchdog on Afghanistan said 67% Increase in Mexican MultiMillionaires Under Pea Nieto.Mexico is the second largest economy in Latin America and also one of the most unequal countries in the world. An estimated 61 million live in poverty Years before Big Oil began sowing doubt about the science of climate change and fighting efforts to cut dangerous emissions, the fossil fuel industry sought to muddle the research around smog Japan and India consider a joint Earth sciences space mission First freight train from India to Russia will start running in August The former attorneygeneral of Papua New Guinea has called for Australians to help investigate the police shooting at student protesters that left as many as a dozen wounded. Israel temporarily barring all Palestinians from entering Israel after Tel Aviv attack. Bog Butter Found in Irelands County MeathThe 2,000 yrs old waxy lump was 12 ft below bog. Butter, placed in wooden casket or animal hide, was buried in bogs to preserve it. This lump was not covered. It is at the juncture of 3 kingdoms, like a nomans land. U.S.backed forces cut off all routes into ISheld Manbij Syrian Observatory Military frees 225 hostages held by Boko Haram Mumbai has 25 days of water left in reservoirs.A 50% water cut has also been imposed on shopping malls, star hotels, factories and stadiums.