 Jamaica proposes marijuana dispensers for tourists at airports following legalisation The kiosks and desks would give people a license to purchase up to 2 ounces of the drug to use during their stay Stephen Hawking says pollution and 'stupidity' still biggest threats to mankind we have certainly not become less greedy or less stupid in our treatment of the environment over the past decade Boris Johnson says he will not run for Tory party leadership Six gay men in Ivory Coast were abused and forced to flee their homes after they were pictured signing a condolence book for victims of the recent attack on a gay nightclub in Florida Switzerland denies citizenship to Muslim immigrant girls who refused to swim with boys report Palestinian terrorist stabs israeli teen girl to death in her bedroom Puerto Rico will default on $1 billion of debt on Friday Republic of Ireland fans to be awarded medal for sportsmanship by Paris mayor. Afghan suicide bomber 'kills up to 40'  BBC News US airstrikes kill at least 250 ISIS fighters in convoy outside Fallujah, official says Turkish Cop Who Took Down Istanbul Gunman Hailed a Hero Cannabis compounds could treat Alzheimer's by removing plaqueforming proteins from brain cells, research suggests Japan's top court has approved blanket surveillance of the country's Muslims 'They made us terrorist suspects, we never did anything wrong,' says Japanese Muslim, Mohammed Fujita CIA Gave Romania Millions to Host Secret Prisons Groups urge U.N. to suspend Saudi Arabia from rights council Googles free wifi at Indian railway stations is better than most of the countrys paid services Mounting evidence suggests 'hobbits' were wiped out by modern humans' ancestors 50,000 years ago. The men who carried out Tuesday's terror attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport were from Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, a Turkish offical said. Calls to suspend Saudi Arabia from UN Human Rights Council because of military aggresion in Yemen More Than 100 Nobel Laureates Call Out Greenpeace For AntiGMO Obstruction In Developing World British pedophile sentenced to 85 years in US for trafficking child abuse images Domminich Shaw, a kingpin of sexual violence against children, sent dozens of images online and discussed plans to assault and kill a child while on probation US permitted 1,200 offshore fracks in Gulf of Mexico between 2010 and 2014 and allowed 72 billion gallons of chemical discharge in 2014. We will be swimming in ridicule  French beach police to carry guns while in swimming trunks Police lifeguards on Frances busiest beaches will carry guns and bulletproof vests for the first time this summer amid fears that terrorists could target holidaymakers. UEFA says no minutes of silence for Istanbul victims at Euro 2016 because 'Turkey have already been eliminated' Law Enforcement Sources Gun Used in Paris Terrorist Attacks Came from Phoenix NSA surveillance The US is behaving like China Both governments think they are doing what is best for the state and people. But, as I know, such abuse of power can ruin lives By Ai Weiwei European member of parliament on PRISM We really need to wake up. This is serious stuff. The government knowing everything, literally everything about us, and we are unable to exercise any meaningful democratic scrutiny? That is not a democracy. Dutch intelligence has access to PRISM, reveals existence of moles in companies Astronaut Chris Hadfield announces resignation  Tony Blair There is a problem within Islam and we have to put it on the table and be honest about it. It has at its heart a view of religion that is not compatible with pluralistic, liberal, openminded societies. Turkey imprisons more journalists than any other country TransCanada Whistleblower says Oil Industry organized crime Chinese internet users call for an Edward Snowden of their own Chinese Internet users back Snowden, call on government to protect him Google chief wrote about 'terrifying' surveillance months before NSA leaks Turkish riot police move into Taksim Square  live updates | World news NSA builds its largest data farm... Ever. Daniel Ellsberg Edward Snowden, Saving Us From the United Stasi of America  Snowden's whistleblowing gives us a chance to roll back what is tantamount to an 'executive coup' against the US constitution NSA Prism scandal Russia would consider Edward Snowden asylum claim  live coverage | World news Allies concerned about privacy, want answers about US surveillance programs German bank employee falls asleep on keyboard, transfers millions Edward Snowden not safe in Hong Kong, warns human rights chief  Hong Kong authorities have cooperated with the CIA in the past to remove enemies of US, says Human Rights Watch director Police gathering around Taksim square in Turkey. Interventions expected shortly. Russian congressman It would be a very good idea to give Edward Snowden a political asylum. We will certainly look into a political asylum for Snowden if he applies for one says Putin presssecretary. Merkel to Raise NSA DataGathering Program in Talks with Obama Next Week  It's good and necessary for the U.S. to rethink its antiterror legislation. says Justice Minister Obama pressured by European leaders to explain NSA surveillance tactics  Information chiefs worldwide sound alarm while US senator Dianne Feinstein orders congressional review of NSA program Prince Harry saved gay soldier from homophobic attack Taliban Beheads Two Boys in Southern Afghanistan A Chinesemanned spacecraft has blasted off with three astronauts on board for a 15day mission to an experimental laboratory, the latest step towards the development of a space station. Turkish police have begun to invade square where the protests were taking place. Live TV b'it only took two planned attacks in Germany to persuade a majority of the population to support a massive dismantling of civil rights' UK MP Resigns to launch a oneman crusade against the Government's plan for suspected terrorists to be detained for 42 days without charge. German Papers Say 'Many Have Lost Faith in America' Because of Bush 'Jewish settler attack' on film. Footage from a video camera handed out by an Israeli human rights group appears to show Jewish settlers beating up Palestinians in the West Bank. b'US Army fraudulently alters armor test results!' b'Zimbabwe is going to shit even more  Opposition leaders arrested.' b'Fallujah Babies Suffer Unprecedented Deformities' A sign of things to come?  Spain's trucker strike cripples the nation. b'Comparison of how many days you can be held without charge in seven different countries. Way to go UK!' Mexico and Spain Presidents Reject Embargo Against Cuba and say in joint conference it hasn't worked b'Mugabe stripped of US degree' b'Insurgent attack frees hundreds from Kandahar prison. 1,710 Taliban now roaming the streets of Kandahar City. ' b'Hundreds of Taliban militants escape from prison in Afghanistan' b'While Bush Admin is insisting on Abstinenceonly sex ed, Iran   yep, the one with the so called Mullahs  has been distributing free condoms & needles to fight AIDS for years now!' b'..it is Mugabe who is finding it difficult to come to terms with the reality that he is no longer popular  this is why he is now threatening war.' b'Textbooks at a private Islamic school in northern Virginia teach students that it is permissible for Muslims to kill adulterers and converts from Islam, according to a federal investigation ' 'If you want to help Iran, don't attack'  interview with the Iranian human rights lawyer Shirin Ebadi, who was the country's first female judge b'U.S. Media Blackout On Bilderberg 2008' b'Written on the Bodies of Children The Reality of War (Caution  disturbing images)' b'Drought in Ethiopia has caused food shortages, killed livestock and more than doubled the number of people needing urgent humanitarian aid to 5 million' b'Lisbon Treaty (European Constituion) rejected in Ireland  Tallies indicate No victory in Lisbon vote' b'Israeli settlers throw stones at Palestinian boy, then steal his donkey. Compassion Zionist style' b'Gadhafi Obama fears Israel will assassinate him like it did JFK' b'the nuclear powers including the United States, France and Britain  should prepare to use nuclear weapons [...] to prevent the acquisition of nuclear weapons by a nonnuclear state' E.U.'s New Rules Forcing Changes By U.S. Firms and require companies to demonstrate that a chemical is safe before it enters commerce  the opposite of policies in the United States Huge Explosion at Chemical Plant in Ukraine Jordan Approximately 7,000 IS members killed in strikes HSBC files show how Swiss bank helped clients dodge taxes and hide millions India is now officially the world's fastest growing big economy Report Hooded gunmen fire on police in Marseille, France Plane carrying Chile soccer stars found, 50 years later Germany rejects Greek claim for World War Two reparations Tony Abbott wins spill vote, will continue as Prime Minister Italian policeman who posed as a host on the Couchsurfing website has been charged with drugging and raping a 16yearold Australian girl Russia is reportedly getting military bases in an EU state EU warns Greece don't assume euro zone will accept your demands Britain Putin acting like mid 20th century tyrant over Ukraine Thousands of British Muslims protest against Charlie Hebdo magazine for publishing cartoons of Prophet Mohammed Militants blow up Pakistan girls school HSBC is in hot water in the UK and Europe after its Swiss arm was alleged to have helped clients evade millions of pounds in tax, with Belgium preparing to issuing a police warrant for the group's directors. Australian Windfarms Face $13 Billion Wipeout from Political Impasse  Australia faces a $13.3 billion exodus of investment from its windfarm industry because of a political deadlock, threatening to kill hopes of meeting a selfimposed clean energy target West 'caused Ukraine crisis'  Putin French law blocking terrorist and child abuse sites comes into effect Law that allows blockade of offending sites without a court order criticised by freespeech groups as circumventing judicial power Palestinian illegally staying in Israel saved two Jews from a mob Canadian army loses expensive GPSguided shells while leaving Afghanistan Moscow & Cairo to drop USD, use national currencies in bilateral trade  Putin Lithuanian president in Munich To betray Ukraine would mean to betray ourselves Mass grave with 62 bodies found in Colombia Samsung Privacy Policy Watch What You Say Around Your Smart TV. France can now block suspected terrorism websites without a court order b'Did US attack Pakistan last night? Pakistan fury at deadly US strike ' b'If U.S. or Israel drops a bomb on Iran, it will shut down Gulf oil exports by launching a barrage of missiles on tankers in the Strait of Hormuz and Arab oil facilities' Top Secret documents on AlQaeda left on a train by a 'very senior intelligence official working in the Cabinet Office'.  Documents found by passerby and handed to the BBC b'Seoul protest that started over allowing possible mad cow (CreutzfeldtJakob Disease) in beef threatens to topple government. (Why dont WE care?)' 'Jewish settler attack' on film  b'Cult of Scientology has disabled man from Plymouth arrested (Stuart Wyatt)' b'No one knows the longterm carrying capacity of planet Earth for humans, absent cheap fossil fuels, but its likely a lot fewer than 7 billion. The implication is not just sobering; its paralyzing.' b'Robert Mugabe is stealing food aid from the hands of children, and giving it to political supporters. Does this guy have any semblance of humanity left?' b'Huh, the American establishment has a LONG history of being incredible dicks to enemy combatants (dating back to WW2)' b'Marine Mean Motari gets expelled, another punished over puppy throwing video' b'American Aid Is Seized in Zimbabwe' b'US offers pledge of $10.6bn for Afghanistan' b'What a great country.' b'United Airlines to Charge for Checked Bags' Zimbabwe's military is actively involved in running Robert Mugabe's reelection campaign. b'Chinese are naming children Olympic Games' b'Pentagon released video of a controversial air strike in Pakistan' b'4 dead, 40 hurt as tornado hits Boy Scout camp' Islamic Cleric Issues Fatwa Condemning Gambian President's Gay Genocide b'Footage of deadly US airstrike' b'British MP to resign, seekrelection in defence of civil liberties!' John McCain believes that it would be a good thing to have a longterm military presence in Iraq as long as casualties are down. Wouldn't that make us conquerors or occupiers? b'China & Taiwan reopen talks' b'Estonian parliament approves EU Lisbon Treaty, Still Waiting on Ireland' b'Ukranian Women Strip in Protest' Uruguay legalizing marijuana Facebook accused of shutting down activists pages Wildcat Unions Springing Up In Chinese Factories, Demanding Higher Wages, Humane Conditions and The Right To Organize Egypt warns Israel Don't interfere with opening of Gaza border crossing GERMAN police arrested three alleged members of alQaida who had been planning attacks in the country. The three were Moroccans living in the western German state of North RhineWestphalia and were caught with large amounts of explosives Gaddafi's youngest son killed in NATO strike  Syria sends tanks into civilian population of 120,000; 62 killed; Total death toll exceeds 500 Mubarak 'could face death penalty' Pakistan government has declared an Education Emergency. Less than a third of the students could subtract 3digit numbers UK Protest groups claim Facebook has taken down dozens of pages in a purge of activists' accounts Toshiso Kosako, an advisor to Japanese Prime Minister on the nuclear crisis said he will resign in protest of the handling the Fukushima Daiichi power plant crisis, saying the government has belittled the laws and regulations New EU regulations on herbal medicines come into force Australian government conspired to hide knowledge of the torture of Guantanamo Bay prisoner Mamdouh Habib while he was temporarily held in Egypt UK police criticised for preemptive strikes against protesters of the Royal wedding Officers use blanket stop and search powers and arrest 52 people across London Taliban announce beginning of spring offensive Unraveling The Mengele Mystery More than 30 years after the infamous Nazi doctor died under mysterious circumstances, an internal police report reveals just how much effort Israel invested in tracking him down. Iranian President Ahmadinejad missing amid possible power struggle Syrians prepared to bury scores of people killed in a day of rage against the regime, with activists vowing a week of new protests as the US and Europe imposed sanctions on Damascus Turkey internet censorship 138 words and terms banned from the internet Fresh violence hits Syrian town Deraa hit by shelling and heavy gunfire, as funeral processions for scores of people killed in protests get underway. Gadhafi Calls for CeaseFire Talks with NATO Western Colleges Risk Moral Catasrophe In The UAE  
As elite Western Universities seek greener (financial) pastures in the Emirates, they must not compromise what makes them elite  freedom of inquiry. This can be tricky in a place with strict media laws and censored text books President of Yemen backs away from agreement to step down U.N. condemns Syria in protester deaths South Korea to stage livefire exercises near the same island that was shelled in November.  Swiss whistleblower Rudolf Elmer plans to hand over offshore banking secrets of the rich and famous to WikiLeaks Tunisia the first Arab popular revolution, rather than euphemism for a coup
 Joint U.S. Israeli Project Created Stuxnet Worm Used Against Iran Berlusconi paid to sleep with Ruby when she was 17, and subsequently had her freed from a Milan police station  where she was being held on suspicion of theft  by fooling officers into thinking she was the granddaughter of the Egyptian president. Tunisia`All Arab dictators are shaking on their thrones'  Left and Arab voices on the insurrection Algerian man douses himself with gasoline and burns to death , echoing trigger that toppled the leader of neighboring Tunisia. Thousands of Israelis rally in defence of human and civil rights  Tel Aviv sees largest demonstration in years as people protest against parliamentary investigation into funding of rights groups Stuxnet Worm Used Against Iran Was Tested in Israel (NY Times) Quebec Muslim immigration consultant arrested for helping hundreds in Middle East collect benefits from Canada Former dictator Baby Doc Duvalier returns to Haiti  Early results from Southern Sudan's referendum indicate the region has voted overwhelmingly to split from the north and form a new country. Another harsh blow to Mexican authorities.  Police commander abducted in Veracruz. The Taliban is to drop its opposition to the education of girls in Afghanistan, the country's education minister has told British media. Chinese Mothers...in Hong Kong react to  the Why Chinese Mothers Are Superior essay  Spain demands US clears earth from site of 1966 nuclear bomb mishap  Man sentenced to death in Egypt over Copt killings NY Times reveals what everyone assumed. Stuxnet worm was tested in Israel.  Iran to display shot down U.S. drones, top Iranian official says YouTube  Massive Protests in Tunisia Push President to Flee French President Sarkozys New Years resolution to catch 10,000 illegal downloaders a day  Cables From American Diplomats Portray U.S. Ambivalence on Tunisia Continuing riots in Tunisia new president sworn in as the former flees Europe's biggest farright parties  countrybycountry Violence in Tunisia as Ben Ali loyalists carry on fight PresidentsforLife Going Out of Fashion  European Parliament Official In Charge Of ACTA Quits, And Denounces The 'Masquerade' Behind ACTA Doctor accused of working on a virus that only targets black people Central banks are printing money to a degree never seen in human history Doctors Without Borders has suspended its work in prisons in the Libyan city of Misrata because it said torture was so rampant that some detainees were brought for care only to make them fit for further interrogation Thousands protest conservative Islam in Tunisia  Retired teacher says We spent our lives educating people, and now some want us to go back in time 14 centuries  Most EU states sign away internet rights, ratify ACTA treaty. European Parliament observer resigns in protest
   An official Chinese newspaper says Beijing must punish the Philippines economically for proposing closer military ties with Washington. U.N. nuclear team arrives in Iran Thousands of cars flying white ribbons circle central Moscow in antiPutin protest Greece rejects German plan to surrender control over its budget  Greek officials have flatly refused to consider a German plan that would see it relinquish control over its budget. Greece's leaders meanwhile have edged closer to a deal with private investors in ongoing debt talks. The SuperResistant Bacteria That Has India Hell Scared Dangerous chemical pollutes drinking water in China  Emergency workers in southern China are pouring sacks of neutralising powder into drains leading to the Liujiang River as they try to tackle a chemical spill France announces 0.1 percent transaction tax from August Anger at further Royal Bank of Scotland bonus payouts David Cameron faces calls to rein in pay at bailedout bank after revelations more staff could receive large bonuses One mans idea on creating housing in Haiti starts to take shape. check out Rosen's Little Haiti Houses. Thwarted on US oil pipeline, Canada looks to China Swiss Government study reveals that pirating INCREASES sales! Canadian PM DeclaresI think what's happened around the Keystone is a wakeup call, the degree to which we are dependent or possibly held hostage to decisions in the United States, and especially decisions that may be made for very bad political reasons,  Exotic animal trade grows in Asia Rare animals have become status symbols. They are trophies for people to demonstrate their wealth and the collateral damage of Asia's economic rise, says director of a wildlife conservation group Is Sweden ditching Social Democracy?  The party that built modern Sweden faces lowest poll results in a century.
 Hugo Chavez warns he could nationalize some banks

 Fake drugs given to NHS patients still untraced  Only 8 people out of several thousand who received counterfeit drugs from the NHS in an incident in 2007 have been identified. The Working Class Rises Up Across Latin America  

Maids, parking valets, & other domestic workers push back against ill treatment in the world's most unequal region. A Canadian jury on Sunday found an Afghan father, his wife and their son guilty of killing three teenage sisters and a cowife in what the judge described as coldblooded, shameful murders resulting from a twisted concept of honor. Syria army moves to wrest Damascus suburbs from rebels Japanese hostage 'beheaded' by ISIL Japan 'We will never, never forgive' ISIS for apparent beheading Britons like Israel better only than North Korea, poll finds Some 35 percent of Britons name Israel as their least favorite nonEuropean country, a worse score than Iran's. Bill Gates We Need A World Government Israeli medical marijuana creates buzz but no high the marijuana is coveted for lifesaving medical benefits for epileptic children, doctors say  without the high Chile's President Bachelet proposes end to total abortion ban Bachelet has tabled a bill in Congress to legalise abortion in cases of rape or when there is a threat to the mother's or the baby's life African Union agrees to send multinational force to fight Boko Haram Isis fighters explain why they've left Kobane | I swear by God, their planes did not leave the air, day and night; they did airstrikes all day and night. They targeted everything. They even attacked vehicles; they have not left a building standing. Muslim Brotherhood Gives Foreigners Ten Days to Pack Bags and Leave Egypt Canadian workers have fundamental right to strike, top court rules Egypt bans Hamas' armed wing, lists it as terror group Experts raise alarm as plague kills dozens in Madagascar Ukraine wants UN to label Russia as a sponsor of terrorism 'The greatest German friend Poland has ever had'  Richard von Weizscker, the German president from 1984 to 1994, had a gargantuan task the reunification of Europe. After his death on Saturday, Germany's eastern neighbor Poland was also mourning the former leader Syria aims to 'flush out all terrorists' in 2015. Syria's prime minister said on Sunday the country wanted to drive all insurgents out of its territory in 2015 and was prepared to back any attempts to fight global militancy. Snowden files show Canada spy agency runs global Internet watch  Canada's electronic spy agency has been intercepting and analysing data on up to 15 million file downloads daily as part of a global surveillance programme In Ireland thousands join water charge rallies Thousands of antiwater charge protesters have brought town and city centres to a standstill in up to 20 nationwide demonstrations Thousands of prodemocracy protesters will rally on Hong Kong's streets Sunday for the first time since mass demonstrations shut down parts of the city for more than two months Israeli arrested for fighting with Islamic State in Iraq Kurdish forces beat back 'Islamic State' in Kirkuk, Kobani  Kurds have retaken an oilfield in Iraq seized by the Islamic State (IS) on Friday. After beating back IS, the police and Kurdish forces freed 24 oil workers taken captive by the Sunni militant group Footage has surfaced showing Israel's shelling of UNIFIL's Spanish contingent in southern Lebanon which killed one peacekeeper Indian millionaire thrashes guard, tries to run him over with his Hummer Saudi Arabia postpones flogging of blogger Raef Badawi for third week. Badawi is serving 10 years and to get 1000 lashes for 'Insulting Islam' in Blog. Analysis of Turkey's withheld tweets shows majority of censorship actively points out government corruption or makes fun of politicians Egypt President Sisi warns of 'long battle' with militants b'BBC uncovers lost Iraq billions' b'War Criminal George W. Bush not Welcome in the U.K.' b'Offensive Speech US says it's free, others disagree' b'Bush/Cheney Plan Demands 58 US Bases In Iraq, immunity from prosecution for U.S. troops and private military contractors, and will allow U.S. troops to remain in the country indefinitely.' b'Grocery refuses to sell Jack Daniels barbecue sauce (2% alcohol) to 25yearold without ID' b'On farewell tour of Europe Bush steps up threats against Iran' Pakistan Blames U.S. Coalition for Troops' Deaths b'Senior intelligence officer leaves top secret terrorist files on train If Al Qaeda truly were as dangerous as our lying leaders paint them, we would be so fucked...' b'Food for schoolchildren was ordered to be given to backers of President Robert Mugabe, the U.S. ambassador said.' Cuba's City Gardens Flourish and 70% Of Vegetables And Herbs Are Organic.  b'The European Commission has pledged to support open standards and promote interoperability, to avoid vendor lockin of European governments to any one technology' China's list of Olympic don'ts b'Blogging in Singapore a hazardous business' b'Iraqis Denounces American Demands for 60 Military Bases' b'Africa World Leaders Begin Debate On Crop Use for Biofuels, Food' b'Iran 1st in Middle East stem cell research' b' Set a Guinness World Record, Enjoy a Better Web' b'France blocks online child porn, terrorism, racism' b'Race for Life coming to Czech Republic' They're Killing Us Darling. They Really Are. Since the people running the show have been found to be lying, merciless psychopaths then there are no limits to the evil they will do. b'OPEC Supports SaudiBacked Oil Summit' b'A major and twelve Pakistani soldiers martyred' b'Turkish PM court must explain headscarf ruling' b'crazy fitness tools from 1860  ' b'2 US Lawmakers say computers compromised by Chinese ' Britain's top directors condemned as elite greedy pigs after a 49% pay rise last year, while average workers failed even to keep up with inflation Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos says he would support worldwide legalization of softer drugs such as marijuana provided everyone does it at the same time.  Canadas homicide rate hits 44year low Over 200 Cambodian workers fainted this week in a factory which manufacturers clothes for Swedish fashion giant H&M.
 Paris police have arrested around 20 Christian fundamentalists who burst into a theatre and threw stink bombs to protest against a play featuring the face of Christ drizzled with fake excrement. Gaddafi killer faces prosecution UK royal succession laws changed  daughters to have equal rights as sons How can I be proud of my China if we are a nation of 1.4bn cold hearts? In the fifth year of a terrible war in Mexico that has exhausted the military, consumed the presidency of Felipe Calderon and left more than 43,000 dead in drug violence, Joaquin El Chapo Guzman, the founder of the Sinaloa cartel, reigns supreme Fukushima released 'twice as much' radioactive material as first thought. Far more radioactive caesium released into the atmosphere than previously estimated, according to study Helsinki Court orders Finnish ISP Elisa to block subscriber access to The Pirate Bay. The ISP has to block the domain names and IP addresses of the worlds mostvisited torrent site by end of next month or face 100,000 euro fine Rape being used to cure Lesbians. Singing Geneva banker 'The global economy is about to crash'
 Thousands of protesters gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square Friday to press the ruling army to speed up the transfer of power to civilian rule, and an Islamist leader said his followers would stage a sitin if the army does not respond. Iranian grand Chess master Maghami was expelled from an international chess tournament after refusing to play an Israeli Bangkok Flooding Putting Pets Before People [pics] German flag burned on the streets as Greeks react angrily to historic Eurozone deal Church of England shaken to its foundations as row over anticapitalism protest escalates. 6.9 Magnitude Earthquake Near the Coast of Central Peru Syrian forces 'kill dozens' in Homs and Hama Activists say at least 36 people killed, mainly in Homs and Hama, as protesters call for nofly zone to protect them. Egyptians march to Tahrir Square in solidarity with #OccupyOakland Gaddafi's chemical weapons were hidden despite pledge to Tony Blair  Warning for China's Economy Wenzhou's cutthroat network of private credit came tumbling down this spring. FTSE 100 directors' earnings rose by 49% last year 4yearold Palestinian girl is rendered quadriplegic by Israeli military training in occupied West Bank National Geographic sold to Fox French court confirms Monsanto guilty of chemical poisoning Top female student takes on corruption in Egypt after scoring zero on exams A new species of human ancestor found, Homo naledi, has been found in South Africa Female cartoonist could have 12 year prison term extended for shaking her lawyer's hand Travelling to work 'is work', European court rules The Amazon tribe protecting the forest with bows, arrows, GPS and camera traps  With authorities ineffective, the 2,200strong Kaapor, in the Brazilian state of Maranho, are taking on the illegal loggers with technology & direct action People climbing onto rooftops to stay alive  Japan is experiencing extreme flooding Finland to raise taxes on the wealthy to cover refugee costs The European Commission and Big Tobacco accused of coverup after heavily redacted documents released.Documents back up fears that TTIP will allow tobacco giants to take legal action against the UK and other European governments who attempt to tighten smoking legislation UK govt calls environmental controls on fracking unnecessary red tape  Added its weight to a behindthescenes lobbying drive by oil & gas firms including BP, Chevron, Shell & ExxonMobil to persuade EU leaders to scrap series of environmental safety measures, according to leaks. A judge in Iran has started sentencing criminals to buy and read books instead of handing down jail terms to avoid irreversible physical and psychological impact on convicts and their families Thailand introduces first law to protect LGBT people German Lawmaker At the Root of Refugee Crisis are Wars Led by the United States in the Middle East More Than 1,000 Indian Muslim Clerics Sign Fatwa Against ISIS Number of Russians Living in Poverty Nears 22 Million China to explore 'dark side' of the moon. China has confirmed it plans to send a spacecraft to land on the moon's dark side before 2020... ISIS claim to be holding Norwegian and Chinese men hostages Karachi 'water mafia' sucking city's pipelines dry. Officials say 30 percent of Pakistan city's water supply is wasted or stolen, worsening an already chronic shortage. Saudis protest intrusion into diplomat's house as Nepalese women recount horror. Sudan's security forces killed, raped and burned civilians alive, says rights group. Human Rights Watch report catalogues appalling acts carried out by Sudans Rapid Support Forces during two military campaigns in Darfur. UN 96,000 children are starving and close to death in the port city of alHodeidah in Yemen Egyptian researchers developed a costeffective method for cleaning saltwater in just minutes NonEU countries Norway, Iceland, Switzerland, and Liechtenstein will have to agree to relocate asylum seekers in the latest EU scheme or face possible penalties Russian troops join combat in Syria Child poverty in Scotland is now so severe that teachers are being sent advice on how to spot if a child in their class is going hungry Muslim radicals in Germany are trying to recruit some of the growing numbers of asylum seekers reaching the country Al Qaeda Leader AlZawahiri Declares War on ISIS 'Caliph' AlBaghdadi Cereal banned from Zimbabwe schools after pupils brewed beer Palestine flag to fly at UN headquarters after majority vote Hundreds of thousands of Catalans gather in Barcelona, calling for secession from Spain Citi's Chief Economist Says China Is 'Financially Out of Control' Black Mamba female rangers awarded for antipoaching efforts  A mostly female antipoaching unit known as the Black Mambas in South Africa won the United Nations top environmental prize this week. Saudi diplomat case Waive immunity, Delhi tells Riyadh. There is prima facie evidence of abuse, sodomy and rape by the diplomat and his fatherinlaw North Korea says defectors are liars and that people who stay behind are happy Obama Directs Administration to Accept 10,000 Syrian Refugees U.S. government officials have blocked the release of 116 pages of defense lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanamo Bay detainee Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody Researchers at Alexandria University in Egypt have unveiled a costeffective desalination technology which can filter highly salty water in minutes. Australia Peter Dutton overheard joking about rising sea levels in Pacific Island nations Europe migrant crisis Hungary 'will arrest illegal migrants' UK MPs reject 'right to die' law TPP protesters occupy Prime Minister's office World nuclear capacity set to grow by 45% by 2035 Scientists Poorer nations outdo wealthier ones on climate pledges  Developed countries ought to be embarrassed. Ethiopia & Morocco have been considerably more transparent than China & Canada. Mexico was really better than US or EU in terms of plans. Turkish Teen Gets Suspended Sentence for Insulting Erdogan Female cartoonist on indecency charge for shaking man's hand Thousands petition to free Atena Farghadani US intelligence chief says Iraq, Syria may not survive as states, could split along ethnic, sectarian lines 50 kg of gold stolen from Egyptian Mint Authority. Russia World must arm Syrian government against IS Astronomers resort to crowdfunding to save Australia's Mopra Radio Telescope 52 People Killed After Crane Falls in Mecca's Grand Mosque Obama says that Chinese cyberhacking is 'unacceptable'. The White House said he will no longer stay at New York's Waldorf Astoria hotel, which was bought by a Chinese company last year. Obama also said that China should fear confrontation online I guarantee you we will win if we have to. Germany houses asylum seekers at former Nazi concentration camp Buchenwald The premier of British Columbia, Christy Clark, has advised Miley Cyrus to stick to what she knows, twerking and provocative dancing, rather than getting her followers up in arms about a wolf cull in that province, which Clark says is to help protect endangered caribou. The TransPacific Partnership would kill Canadian auto jobs says Unifor, the union that represents thousands of autoworkers in this country. Hungry, aggressive polar bears lay siege to Russian weather station Vodafone illegally accessed the mobile phone records of Fairfax investigative journalist Natalie O'Brien to find the sources of her story, according to a leaked email. Russian cosmonaut sets new record in space | Russia's Gennady Padalka has returned from his fifth space mission spending a cumulative 879 days in space, a new record. The threeperson crew touched down safely in Kazakhstan. At least 60 killed in Indian restaurant gas explosion $11mn, 36hour historic head transplant to be carried out in China in 2017 Egyptian prime minister, cabinet resign Hundreds of Tunisians have gathered in the heart of the capital under heavy security to protest against a law which offers amnesty for those accused of corruption A Strong El Nino Is Here, and Likely To Last Through Winter and Spring, NOAA Says India To Buy Attack Drones From Israel For $400 Million Report New Canadian study analyzing 35 years of US General Social Survey data, finds no empirical link between growth pornography availability via the internet, and aggressive behavior against women. Russia to U.S. talk to us on Syria or risk 'unintended incidents' FBI says The famous Australian 'IS jihadist' is actually a Jewish American troll named Joshua Ryne Goldberg. A former French minister stirred up controversy Friday after saying Germany took our Jews and gave us Arabs as France began taking some of the thousands of refugees arriving in Germany More than 430,000 refugees and migrants have crossed the Mediterranean to Europe so far in 2015, a record number that is more than double the total for the whole of last year Fleeing war, Syrian refugees bike across Arctic border U.S. Drops Charges That Professor Shared Technology With China New wave of refugees possible due to cuts in UN aid | International aid to Syrian refugees is drying up. The emergency could mean that soon more and more longterm refugees living in Arab transit countries will come to Europe. China Tells U.S. to Stop 'Groundless' Hacking Accusations Accused Canadian terror suspect tries to convert a prisoner, earns a jailhouse beatdown Militant group in Gaza (Jaish alIslam) pledges allegiance to ISIS in communiqu A 200 yr old tree in Ireland is blown over during storm to reveal an early medieval skeleton within the roots Sweden wants Russia to explain threats over NATO Entry Sweden has called in Russia's ambassador to explain comments by a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman who said any Swedish decision to join NATO would have consequences that would compel Russia to respond Climate change talks in Paris our 'last chance', say Pacific islands 'This is not politics, it's survival'.The Pacific island nations whose very existence is threatened by rising sea levels have issued a desperate plea to Australia and New Zealand. Some 20,000 people are protesting against Moldova's government for the eighth straight day, demanding a probe into the estimated $1.5 billion that disappeared from three Moldovan banks Germany 'to start border controls' Twelve major banks have tentatively agreed to pay $1.87 billion to settle allegations that they colluded to fix prices and lock out competitors Nations using child soldiers are invited to British arms fair | New figures reveal that of the 23 countries listed by the UN for grave violations against children or where child soldiers are used, the UK sold military equipment to 19 during the past five years. Munich has run out of space for refugees, says mayor, as crisis pushes German city to 'the limit Norwegian politicians propose putting refugees on Svalbard  remote Arctic islands with more polar bears than people Jeremy Corbyn's Labour Is A 'Threat To National Security', David Cameron Claims In Tweet Leader of Al Qaeda Belittles Leader of ISIS as Not Worthy In a blistering new message, [Ayman alZawahiri] denounces [Abu Bakr alBaghdadi] as the illegitimate leader of a phony caliphate. A Man Found a Chunk of Whale Vomit Worth $10,000  The vomit contained ambergris, a substance produced inside whales' stomachs, which can be used to create the musky smell in perfume. Woman On Alan Kurdi Boat Claims Drowned Toddler's Father Is A People Smuggler Al Qaeda leader Ayman alZawahri has called on young Muslim men in the United States and other Western countries to carry out attacks within their countries and urged greater unity between militants. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said that beginning next week, immigrants found crossing into the country illegally will be arrested Hungary has accused the Austrian chancellor of making comments unworthy of a 21st century leader after he described the country's asylum seeker policies as reminiscent of Naziera Germany. Germany's Merkel sees need to cooperate with Russia on Syria A UKfunded memorial to Kenyans killed and tortured by British forces during the Mau Mau uprising in the 1950s has been unveiled in the Kenyan capital. Belgium 'Ready' To Send Troops To Syria After Order Is Restored Scottish nationalists will propose holding a new referendum on independence from the rest of Britain, Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said on Sunday [13 September 2015]. First confirmed double meteorite crater discovered in Sweden Knife and Car Attacks on Kurdish Rallys in Germany and Switzerland Leave Many Injured Federal government will match up to $100 million for Syria aid, while Ontario hopes to resettle 10,000 refugees Thousands flock to antimigrant demos in E.Europe French consul in Turkey suspended for boat sales to migrants Malcom Turnbull becomes Prime Minister of Australia after Tony Abbott rejected by Liberal party El Nino set to be strongest ever. The most powerful weather pattern of its type in the past 65 years will have huge impacts on weather around the globe. 12 Mexican Tourists and Egyptians Killed After Security Forces Misidentify Them As Terrorists Police drop VIP Westminster paedophile ring murder probe over lack of evidence A Chinese woman suspected of stealing a $300,000 (195,000) diamond in the Thai capital, Bangkok, has had the jewel surgically removed from her intestines. Iran's President Rouhani sends message for Jewish new year  May our shared Abrahamic roots deepen respect and bring peace and mutual understanding. L'Shanah Tovah. Australia A former teacher from one of Australia's most distinguished families of judges has avoided jail after being convicted of filming up the skirts of his students and possessing ( over 9000 images) child abuse material. In a remarkable technical feat, researchers have sequenced DNA from fossils in Spain that are about 300,000 to 400,000 years old and have found an ancestoror close relativeof Neanderthals. Don't return, a Sydney uni student is told after his father 'disappears' in China Bolivia proposes commercialization of the coca leaf Japan's Mount Aso volcano erupts Historian understood to have found first use of word f*** in 1310 English court case Two suspected terrorists linked to Boko Haram are charged with horrendous acid attack on holidaying British teenagers El Nino could make 2015 'the hottest year on record'... and 2016 will be even hotter. The findings will demolish claims by climate sceptics that the slowdown in the rate of global warming over the past 17 years proves that scientists concerns are exaggerated. Goldman Sachs report Oil headed to $20 a barrel. Economist says it's unlikely because There are too many big financial players that have been buying up oil they would just start buying up the companies and shutting down production themselves Iran's President Wishes Jews a Happy Rosh Hashana Egypt Begins Digging Moat To Protect Itself from Hamas The moat is intended to prevent the MuslimBrotherhood affiliate in Gaza from digging smuggling tunnels into Egypt. Vivienne Westwood drives tank to David Cameron's house in antifracking protest. Three critically endangered Javan rhinoceros calves where spotted on camera in an Indonesian national park, much to the excitement of staff and rhino lovers. Obama Administration Accused of Ignoring Geneva Conventions in Refusal to Release 74Pound Guantanamo Detainee Taliban storms Afghan jail with suicide bombers, releases over 350 prisoners NASA Launching 4K TV Channel The Egyptian army announced it has killed 64 alleged Islamic State (IS) militants in North Sinai Saturday Oxfam Increasing inequality plunging millions more Europeans into poverty.Between 2009 and 2013, the number of Europeans living without enough money to heat their homes or cope with unforeseen expenses, known as severe material deprivation, rose by 7.5 million to 50 million people Czech PM insists migrant quotas 'won't work' Egyptian Billionaire who wants to purchase private islands to house refugees, has identified potential locations and is now in talks to purchase two private Greek islands The UN Says US Drone Strikes in Yemen Targeting al Qaeda Have Killed More Civilians Than al Qaeda Saudis Accused of Not Taking Refugees Despite 100K Empty Tents Denmark has said it will not participate in the EUs plans to resettle some 160,000 refugees. US troops return to Iraq to battle Islamic State West 'ignored Russian offer in 2012 to have Syria's Assad step aside' Hungary Declares Emergency As It Blocks Migrants At Border Whales to gain 'longsought protections' as navy limits sonar use, activists say Thousands of refugees may lose right of asylum under EU plans  Brussels meeting is expected to call for establishment of refugee camps in Italy and Greece and for detention of irregular migrants Two decades of frontierfree travel across Europe unraveled on Monday as countries reestablished border controls in the face of an unprecedented influx of migrants, which broke the record for the most arrivals by land in a single day. According to a new study, half of the sea turtles on the planet have ingested some form of plastic. This comes just days after another study (with some of the same researchers involved) reported similar findings in seabirds  some 90 percent of which have consumed plastic. Tens of thousands of people have already left Central America for the United States, fleeing violence and poverty.Extreme weather could drive further migration from the Central American countries, particularly Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador. Tourists interrupt endangered turtle reproduction season in Costa Rican beach FOIA Reveals TPP Has Immigration Chapter Australian mother on trial for genital mutilation Hundreds quarantined as Ebola returns to north Sierra Leone district They are calling it the great Indian gold rush. Within months, Indian officials are expected to auction licences for new gold mines across the country, and abandoned colonialera mines are set to be revived. Okinawa governor to block construction of new US airbase Takeshi Onaga says he will revoke permits for offshore base in Henokos pristine waters, opposing Japans central government Ex FIFA adviser Blatter should face a criminal investigation for TV rights deal City officials have suspended the mayor of Bucharest who is under arrest on suspicion of taking bribes worth 25,000 euros ($28,000) from companies working for the city hall. Canadian banks helping clients bend rules to move money out of China Poland & Sweden agree to intensify military cooperation North Korea 'restarts nuclear operations' | BBC Teen Arrested for Planning Alleged ISISInspired Attack on Pope 'Syria Is Emptying' Tuna and mackerel populations suffer catastrophic 74% decline, research shows Australian Government introduces No Jab No Pay legislation, preventing parents of unvaccinated children from receiving childcare benefits. Norway will soon pay Brazil the final instalment of a $1bn payment for slowing the rate at which the Amazon rainforest is cut down, and is in talks about a further scheme. Air Canada pilot diverts international flight to save dog from freezing. Nepal to stay secular, proposal for a Hindu nation rejected 'If you are worried about refugees, stop supporting terrorists'  Assad interview Exxon's Own Research Confirmed Fossil Fuels' Role in Global Warming Decades Ago | Over the past several years a clear scientific consensus has emerged, Cohen wrote in September 1982, reporting on Exxon's own analysis of climate models. Scared By Russia, Sweden And Poland Make War Pact Netherlands bans wild animals in circuses Hungary convicts migrant for illegally crossing into country, first conviction under new law Germany can stop cash for jobless EU migrants  The European Court of Justice ruled on Tuesday that Germany can deny basic welfare payments to European migrants  even if they've previously had a job in the country. The Leap Manifesto, an ambitious plan to end fossil fuel subsidies, increase income taxes on corporations and the wealthy, cut military spending and implement a progressive carbon tax, signed by at least one hundred notable Canadian personalities David Attenborough backs huge Apollostyle clean energy research plan Google to raise $11 million for refugee crisis in Europe in 11 donationmatching campaign UK drops out of top 10 renewable energy ranking for 1st time  Conservative govt has sentenced renewable energy to death by 1000 cuts & left investors puzzled, says EY report. Weve entered a really weird phase where weve almost got govt energy policy being set in a vacuum. Pope warns religious orders Take in refugees, or pay property taxes. Iranian Female Soccer Star Faces HusbandImposed Travel Ban WWF  Failing fisheries and poor ocean health starving human food supply. Their report shows a decline of 49 per cent of marine populations between 1970 and 2012. Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour can win the 2020 general election by creating a radical grassroots movement.They call us deficit deniers; they spend billions cutting taxes for the richest families and for the most profitable businesses. What they are is poverty deniers, Croatia says it will allow migrants to travel on to northern Europe  opening up a new route a day after Hungary sealed its border with Serbia. Flying Korea's farmed dogs to safety  Our goal is to end the dogmeat industry in Korea, Turkish presidents office says insulting president not within freedom of expression Saudi suspends Binladen group over Mecca crane crash  royal court AnheuserBusch InBev, the maker of Budweiser and Corona, said Wednesday it has approached rival SABMiller Plc for a potential takeover that would combine the world's two biggest brewers China stocks resume sharp slide as economic worries mount Efficiency up, turnover down Sweden experiments with sixhour working day | World news | The Guardian 7.9Magnitude Earthquake Strikes off the Coast of Chile HPV vaccine should be free for boys, says mother who paid $340 The vaccine is free for girls in Grade 6, but costs more than $300 for boys US priests accused of sex abuse get a second chance by relocating to South America  The Catholic Church has allowed priests accused of sexually abusing children in the United States and Europe to relocate to poor parishes in South America, a yearlong investigation has found. BBC News A Russian prank caller has said he and a colleague tricked Sir Elton John into thinking President Vladimir Putin had called him to discuss gay rights Nobel director regretted Obama peace prize. Saudi Arabia Juvenile prisoner faces 'death by crucifixion' after appeal is dismissed University of Sydney Student Smashes NASA Record For Fuel Efficiency; Mars and Back on a Tank of Fuel Iceland's capital declares boycott of Israeli goods Tsunami alert as Chile hit by powerful 7.9 earthquake Final push for TPP set for end of September School ordered to pay student $1 million for sex abuse by female principal of ultraorthadox Jewish school. Principal fled to Israel and is fighting extradition. Migrants break through police lines on CroatiaSerbia border I am racist and my racism based on Islam, says supreme council member of Malaysia's ruling party Czech President Refugees from Ukraine should be included in EU's refugee quotas Rising number of employees reporting mental health issues. More than two fifths of employers have seen increase in workers reporting conditions such as depression or anxiety UK Judge gives Asian pedophile harsher sentence when victims were Asian because Asian sex crime victims suffer more than whites. Exxon Believed Deep Dive Into Climate Research Would Protect Its Business | 1979 memo It behooves us to start a very aggressive defensive program in the indicated areas of atmospheric science and climate because there is a good probability that legislation affecting our business will be passed. Jewish Man Dies as Rocks Pelt His Car in East Jerusalem World Wide Fund for Nature says nearly half the world's marine animals wiped out in single generation The emergency edition of WWF's Living Blue Planet Report revealed a 49 per cent decline in marine vertebrate populations between 1970 and 2012. For some fish this figure was almost 75 per cent. Threatened, starved Cook reveals life at Saudi Diplomat's house Global study reveals soaring antibiotic resistance in India Burkina Faso 'coup' Presidential guard dissolves government Malicious Cisco router backdoor found on 79 more devices, 25 in the US Russian Authorities Close Down American Center in Moscow The Russian government has shut down the U.S. Embassy's American Center in Moscow after 22 years in operation Brazil's Supreme Court has banned corporate contributions to political campaigns and parties Investigation finds Exxon knew about CO2's effect on the climate since 1977, but ignored internal research and warnings Islamic extremist shot dead in Berlin after stabbing police officer Man sentenced to death in Saudi Arabia will be crucified Finland has a strike  over 30 000 people have gathered in the rain to protest against the government, no public transport working, stores closed Cameron gives top environment policy job to oil man ahead of major climate talks India is not an 'ITsuperpower' but an 'ITlabour contractor' as it lacks innovation  Indian Minister Bid to inspect Israeli nuclear site blocked Burkina Faso just had a coup that put the military junta into power. Protests have begun. Ukraine bans journalists who 'threaten national interests' from country Refugee Kicked By Camerawoman Gets Job as Soccer Coach in Spain Skeletons of 200 Napoleonic troops found in Germany First 'zeroemissions' hydrogen filling station opens. It uses electricity generated by a wind turbine to split water into its constituent parts hydrogen and oxygen. For the second time in two years, a captive snake in southeast Missouri has given birth without any interaction with a member of the opposite sex. A new report ties the Russian government to a sevenyear malware campaign Germany seeks stricter limits on migrants, rolling back welcome mat One million Yemenis ready to invade Saudi Arabia according to Iranian Press Israeli police could use live sniper fire against Palestinian rock throwers under Benjamin Netanyahu plan Japan passes new military bill, Scuffling ensues. Russia says ready for talks with United States on Syria Farmers in northern France have been ordered to destroy this year's produce because of pollution caused by World War One armaments left in the soil 'Supergonorrhoea' outbreak in Leeds In egalitarian Sweden, richer regions reluctant to share refugee burden China Is Building The Mother Of All Reputation Systems To Monitor Citizen Behavior Half a million children have fled attacks by the Islamist group Boko Haram over the past five months, the UN children's agency says. Elephants Shot With Poison Arrows Travel To Humans For Help Japan passes law allowing troops to fight abroad Croatia says it can take no more migrants They will get food, water and medical help, and then they can move on. The European Union must know that Croatia will not become a migrant 'hotspot'. We have hearts, but we also have heads. Croatian Prime Minister Zoran Milanovic A WikiLeaks document appears to show US plans to destabilize Syria back in 2006 The president of Canada's largest private sector union says the TransPacific Partnership could have catastrophic effects on the nation's economy. Operation Smile in India saves 19,000 missing children from Slavery, abuse UK new counterextremism bill, which will ban nonviolent extremists, risks provoking a backlash in Britains Muslim communities a government watchdog has warned. Cameron have defined extremism as as vocal or active opposition to fundamental British values. Russia Warns Poland After WWII Monument Pulled Down Russia has threatened Poland with most serious consequences for pulling down a monument to a Soviet World War II general Advanced Ligo labs in the US, designed to detect ripples in gravitational waves permeating through the universe, are up and running It's sort of like we've been deaf to the Universe until now, and turning on these detectors is like turning on our ears. 'Bad news on ISIS wasn't welcome' We know more about how US officials reportedly cooked ISIS intel Witnesses Egypt flooding tunnels to Gaza Strip 500,000 Children Forced To Flee Boko Haram Hungary seizes migrant train from Croatia, disarms 40 Croatian police and arrests train driver Germany's Oktoberfest kicks off in Munich  Golden days have come again in Germany for keen beerdrinkers and sausageeaters the 182nd Oktoberfest has begun in Munich after the tapping of the first keg. The festival is expected to draw 6 million visitors. Three Guatemalan activists working in the northern part of the country have been kidnapped following a landmark court ruling against palm oil manufacturer Repsa UN officials have openly criticized the the virtual silence with regards to civilian suffering in the Yemeni conflict from the world community, warning that unless violence on the ground is stopped via political compromise more people will suffer. A group of British aviation enthusiasts committed to seeing Concorde fly again has revealed it has the funds to purchase one of the supersonic jets and bring it back into service within the next four years. Hungary's Foreign Minister Warns of Up to 35 Million Migrants Coming to Europe Claims a 240yearold bottle of wine was uncorked in Crimea for former Italian leader Silvio Berlusconi and Russian President Vladimir Putin have sparked a probe in Ukraine. The researchers from Sunshine Coast University (SCU) and the University of New England (UNE), Australia have discovered that the Aboriginal people keep the oral tradition story passed on for generations about the sealevel rise dating back to over 7 000 years ago. The worlds largest Delta 3D printer can print nearly zerocost housing out of mud 1,100 crossingborder refugees apprehended by Slovenian police Migrant crisis Croatia will 'force' Hungary to take migrants Iranian crowds chanting 'death to America' don't mean it personally, says president Hassan Rouhani China Calls On North Korea To Halt Planned Space Launch, Nuclear Test. b'A French judge has ordered two branches of Scientologists and their leaders to stand trial for fraud ' b' Russia in legal bid to ban South Park' '60 Minutes' Cut Ahmadinejad's Statement, 'Solution Is Democracy' in Israel/Palestine b'U.S. drones kill 13 in missile attack in Pakistan' b'Screw You, TSA No Conviction on Key Charges in LiquidBomb Trial in London' b'Scientology on trial for fraud in France!' b'An EU ban on ads with sexist overtones? Another quasifictional piece of translucent flimflam' b'Film Backs Afghans Claims of US Killings [of 90+ civilians]' b'Giant Buddha found at Afghan site.' b'After denying strenously the US reopens inquiry into Afghan attack that may have killed upto 90 civilians' b'Videos surface showing dead Afghan children after US raid, sparking a new investigation' b'Consortium of Media Execs to Canadian Green Party  You can't participate in debate because the other parties don't want you there.' b'Everything going wrong in the world .. in one convenient graphical display. ' b'Until yesterday the US military had insisted that only seven civilians were killed in Nawabad on the night of August 21  the actual number is closer to 92 (Vid)' b'Father rescues his toddler daughter after she is sucked down 150ft flooded drain.' b'Greenpeace Mexico Scores Big with Green Sex Guide' b'Afghanistan Civilian Deaths From Airstrikes on the Rise' Harrowing video film backs Afghan villagers' claims of carnage caused by US troops 1 in 4 'facing fuel poverty' b'Russian warships are headed to the Caribbean' b'Interrogating Human Rights and Climate Change' b'Revealed Shocking footage that could prove 90 Afghans  not seven  died in U.S. airstrike' b'The Afghan government, human rights officials, and a U.N. investigation back up the account of villagers who say 90 civilians were killed in a U.S. airstrike.' b'Germany Discovers a War in Afghanistan' b'Afghanistan  UN has video of U.S. airstrike aftermath' NZ police mysteriously lose video of Megaupload raid Invisible Children, Makers of KONY2012, Spied For Ugandan Regime WikiLeaks Norway's mass killer Breivik 'declared sane' 3000 dead dolphins found north of Peru. ...as far as enlisted experts can tell, offshore oil exploration in the region is the most likely culprit. Latin American countries to U.S. The war on drugs is not working Wikileaks shows Invisible Children spied for Uganda, and backed an operation that killed more civilians than militants. Fighting to Stem its Growing Debt, Spanish Town Considers Cultivating Cannabis Japan's Sony more than doubles net loss forecast to $6.4 billion An imam in France has approved the marriage of two men who had previously married in South Africa, where samesex marriage is legal, but the French government refuses to recognize it. Committee for Human Rights in North Korea publishes report detailing torture, forced abortions and public executions in a vast network of secret political camps. (PHOTOS, 6.3 MB .pdf report) Like it or not, there was better rule of law under the Taliban,  Afghanistans dancing boys are invisible victims Revealed lobbyists' plans to hijack 'people's petitions'.

Bell Pottinger memo offers to help clients shape EU law  despite ban on business involvement
 President Mugabe 'close to death' North Korea Prison Camps 150,000 Languish In Secret Gulags, Human Rights Group Says Twitter helps free kidnapped South African from trunk of his car China launches new 650 MW nuclear reactor Syria ceasefire fighting continues as deadline passes Iran to Cut Off the Internet, Replace With Clean Alternative A museum that has honored Josef Stalin in Georgia since 1937 is being remodeled to exhibit the atrocities that were committed during the Soviet dictator's rule. Japan Policeman in schoolgirl uniform arrested for flashing China records $5.35 billion trade surplus in March Syria Homs activists resort to pigeons to communicate Drought is so severe in parts of Britain that for the 1st time 2 regions will trade water to supply over 100,000 homes in the worsthit areas  Severn Trent to sell 30 million litres of water a day to Anglian Water, 1 of 7 companies that imposed a hosepipe ban last week Water supplies may start running out by 2030 Chart The mindboggling rise in Asian coal consumption Worlds 7 billionth person about to be born In many German cities, Muslim arbiters, or peace judges, are settling criminal cases before law enforcement can bring the cases to court. That is undermining Germany's rule of law, according to a new book. China jails Tibetan monks for 13 years as accessories to murder for burning suicide A tale of two cities It's been 2 years since the city 
of Windsor Ontario had a murder  minutes away 
230 homocides in Detroit since January Germany kiboshes body scanners at airports  Body scanners being tested at Hamburg Airport are so error prone that the German government has decided not to introduce them across the country for the time being. Pakistan to ban encryption software French Report Legal Punishment for Filesharing as Severe as Manslaughter The Gadhafi Family Album Special forces raid BP Moscow offices Pakistani Man Murders Six Daughters in Honor Killing When Germany eliminated conscription this year, an extensive civil service program for conscientious objectors also came to an end. A new program launched to replace it, however, has not found enough volunteers. Now, many service organizations are facing shortages. Hong Kong has seized nearly two tonnes of elephant ivory worth about $1.7 million hidden in a shipment from Malaysia and detained a local man over the haul, customs authorities said Wednesday.  Chinese factory workers make vehement appeals to ipad giant APPLE for providing medical compensation for poison affected workers who worked in making touchscreens for iphone. In southern Mexico, about 500 indigenous Mayans  some of them linked to Zapatista rebels  have converted to Islam and pray in a mudhut mosque. Fewer young Swedes use condoms  Every other Swede aged 25 to 35yearsold opts not to use a condom when having sex with a new partner, a new survey shows, raising fears of an explosion in sexually transmitted diseases. A Spanish town is recreating the annual Celtic wedding festival of Lughnasadh, which sees couples get married for just one year  Boeing rejected Gaddafi proposal for spying on Libyans; other companies had less compunctions Libyan man murders three daughters after they were raped by proKhadafy troops NATO Propaganda Leaflets Found in Tripoli [Pics] Former Qaddafi Mercenaries Describe Fighting in Libyan War  We would kill three or four in the front of the crowd and they all ran away How dentists are saving Borneo's rainforest  
Dentists are offering free treatment to patients who oppose illegal logging Exxon to replace BP in $500bn deal to develop Russia's Arctic oil The WikiLeaks website crashed in what appeared to be a cyberattack following the publication of State Department cables Sarkozy warns against preventive strike on Iran
 AU fears Libyan rebels killing Blacks. Libyan rebels may be indiscriminately killing Black people because they have confused innocent migrant workers with mercenaries, the chairman of the African Union said Monday. Chinese doctors to call for bear farms to be closed Japanese breakthrough will make wind power cheaper than nuclear Israel sends 2 warships to Egyptian border; Iran set to send fleet to area as well News Corp. Hunkers Down Murdochs to Testify Under Oath  A British High Court will hear the testimonies of top News Corp. executives in October Futuristic 'airships' planned for North Blair and Bush planned Iraq war without second UN vote, letter shows Israeli military arms settlers in preparation for Palestinian protests. West Bank settlers are given training before protests predicted to coincide with a Palestinian petition for UN recognition
 Homelessness could spread to middle class in the UK, Crisis study warns 6 die as 'trashslide' buries houses in Philippines China Struggles to Protect Dwindling Panda Population Israel Sends Two More Warships to Red Sea Egyptian Border  part of a military reinforcement there following warnings that militants are planning another attack on southern Israel from Egyptian soil  Suspect says Mexico casino fire set over unpaid extortion money Five are arrested in the deadly Monterrey arson as public outrage mounts, with some calls for the president and state governor's resignation over the rising toll from the bloody drug war. StraussKahn returns to IMF, gets warm applause Suspected North Korean cyberattack on a bank raises fears for S. Korea, allies Russia and China's Energy Dispute and the Struggle for Eurasian Dominance  Russia is prepared to return to China the $10 billion received in 2009 and to stop transporting Russian oil to China, unilaterally abrogating the 20year contract. BBC journalist killed during Taliban attack 'may have been shot by US forces'.  Big oil companies may have to give up Iraq gas Many of the world's biggest energy companies may have to surrender most of the gas from Iraq's vast southern oilfields to a processing and export project led by Shell, a final draft contract between Baghdad and Europe's biggest company Nato fighter in midair collision with Lithuanian plane Indian government victim of major targeted malware attack Syrian protesters 'killed' after Eid prayers Seven people reportedly shot dead by security forces at the start of the Muslim Eid alFitr holiday. Foreign Firms Helped Gadhafi Spy on Libyans Important rebel leaders in Libya are allied to alQaeda Julius Malema supporters clash with South Africa policeSouth African police have fired stun grenades at supporters of controversial ANC Youth League leader Julius Malema ahead of his disciplinary hearing. Libyan Rebels Reportedly Used Tiny Canadian Drone 
 NYTimes.com Turkish airstrike campaign 'killed 160 Kurdish rebels'  Turkish jets bombed Kurdish rebel bases in northern Iraq in a series of air strikes last week which killed up to 160 rebels, Turkish officials say. 8.7 Earthquake outside Indonesia Political Revolution in Germany Pirate Party is Country's Third Strongest Party in New Poll ...the political newcomers currently enjoy 13% of voter support and are now the third most popular party in the country ahead of the Greens, which lagged behind at 11%.  Man jailed for 11 years for burning down Familyrun furniture shop during London riots Philippine warship in standoff with China vessels The Muslim Brotherhood,which now controls the parliament of Egypt, Presidential candidate Khairat alShater declares the goal of the Muslim Brotherhood movement is the establishment of a global Islamic State. North Korea Is Lying About Its Rocket Launch, SatelliteWatchers Show Canadians favour higher taxes to fight inequality  poll  RT News Spain Is on the Bleeding Edge of a New European Crisis Spains 709 billion euros of sovereign debt is roughly twice that of Greece, Ireland, and Portugal combined Elite female night raiders break down barriers in Afghanistan Argentina Grieving Parents Find Baby Alive in Morgue  BP faces shareholder revolt over chief executive Bob Dudley's 4m pay, despite a depressed stock price US judge rules UK parliamentary committee cannot be shown evidence of UK involvement in renditions WWF Russia setting up park to save leopards Iraq's fugitive vicepresident says two more of his bodyguards have been tortured to death by security forces during a terrorism investigation. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claims that Iran has as much hard currency as they need, and they can stop selling crude oil for at least two to three years.  Baby ruled stillborn is found alive 12 hours late in Argentine morgue World News  'Happy tears' as Peru miners are rescued after six days trapped underground Timbuktu scholars, librarians, & ordinary citizens hiding tens of thousands of historic texts & priceless ancient manuscripts from rebels  The rebels may have an educated leadership, but they're sending in footsoldiers who won't have any respect for paper culture.  Dutch conservative coalition govt has signaled since January that it intended to prohibit khat, the mild stimulant plant from the Horn of Africa, and now, indications are that the ban will happen soon The number of poor people in Greece without access to medical care is on the rise, and the NGO Doctors of the World has warned the economic crisis is taking its toll on people's health.  Jordan to revoke citizenship of Palestinian Authority, PLO officials; move coincides with a new electoral law in Jordan that seeks to limit Palestinian representation in parliament Philippine warship in standoff with Chinese ships China names exleader's wife in murder case  Former star Bo Xilai sacked from Communist Party leadership and wife named as suspect in death of British businessman. Entire Indian ocean on tsunami watch following 8.7mag earthquake near Aceh. Greece offers copforhire service renting out policemen for $39 per hour to raise cash Shit's about to get real in Thailand... b'One more employee from Foxconn (Iphone manufacturer) falls off building and dies' b'Dubai  Couples who publicly kiss are jailed, yet the  state turns a blind eye to 30,000 imported prostitutes' b'IranFarzad Kamangar Executed' b'Were not going to take any extra efforts now to calculate flow there at this point. Its not relevant to the response effort BP' South Korea's navy fires warning shots at intruding North Korean patrol boats.  b'Scientists fear BP spill far worse than thought  one of the plumes is 16 kilometres long, nearly fivekilometres wide and 91 metres thick' b'Volcanic ash closes UK airports' b'The hypocrisy of child abuse in many Muslim countries...one former warlord boasted of having up to 3,000 boys over a 20year period, even though he was married, with two sons.' Why are British women's breasts getting bigger? b'Spains Jobless Find It Hard to Go Back to Farm' Like all political jargon, the word 'progressive' has been stripped of meaning b'Russia to supply Syria with arms' b'PAKISTAN A girl of 14 year was gang raped to take revenge from her father for nominating accused persons in a theft case' b'Once were all finally distracted from the possibility of the Gulf of Mexico being turned into a dead sea by the next 24/7 crisis  expect repeats. After all, what happens when, in the tough oil era, the BPs of this world hit the melting Arctic with their deep water rigs in really bad climates?' New book suggests Canada's Government is pushing the Evangelical Christian Agenda. b'A hero finally brought to heel by his opponents Judge Baltasar Garzn suspended over Franco investigation' b'Puerto Rico just had an earthquake! It was around 5.41 according to the latest update.' b'Labour hid scorched earth debts' b'Redshirts warn of civil war as Thai troops told to shoot on sight' b'Google Says It Mistakenly Collected WiFi data including web usage data from its StreetView vans' b'Carnage and curfew in Bangkok' b'A moderate earthquake has rattled the eastern Dominican Republic and western Puerto Rico | Global News Hound' b'The American Taliban Are Coming The drone war over Pakistan  covert, mercenary and a mix of both  is considered not only by Pashtuns but by most of Pakistani public opinion for what it is a USconducted war  an extrajudicial, systematic mass killing of unknown, invisible people.' b'Magnitude 5.7 Earthquake in Puerto Rico 116AM GMT 4' b'One of the reasons why no one watches TV on TV anymore.' b'Early release for Iraqi shoethrower after his sentence was reduced for good behavior.' b'Oil tanker split in two before it sank near the Red Sea entrance to the Suez Canal; Egyptian officials trying to contain the oil spill' b'Former Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert indicted  the first criminal indictment ever filed against a current or past Israeli prime minister' b'Opposition wins in Japan election  Ruling party officials set to resign after apparent crushing defeat at polls.' Poll 89% of Pakistanis believe the US should be declared a hostile state.  And they are still pissed that the US substituted wheat for F16's that were already paid for. b'Japan goes to the polls as the Liberal Democratic Party looks set to fall after 50 years of nearuninterrupted rule' Al Jazeera English  Pakistan 'modified US missiles' b'The 2,000th anniversary of the battle that founded a nation. For most countries it would be a reason for parades and flag waving. But not this one. ' b'Bank officials on the run in Nigeria after giving $5.Billion worth of bad loans' b'Taiwan police clash with Dalai Lama opponents ' b'Afghan Resistance Statement. The decisive and complete boycott of the Afghan people with the August 20 election showed once again that the Afghans could not be trapped through conspiracies and wiles of the invaders and their surrogates' b'The Iraqi who saved Norway from oil' Universities and Student Unions to pay legal fee's for Tamil Protester that was arrested. (Btw I'm the one waving the flag) b'China Says One Child Policy Will Be Strictly Enforced For Decades' b'Lockerbie bomber release linked to oil deal Britain agreed to include Lockerbie bomber Abdel Basset alMegrahi in a prisoner transfer deal with Libya because of overwhelming interests shortly before an oil deal was sealed with Tripoli.' b'Water Scarcity Looms as Population, Temperature Rise' The affair has been dubbed 'Bloodgate'. In the dying moments of a crucial match, a Harlequins player faked a blood injury so he could be replaced by a goal kicker who could win the game. b'India to reduce population growth 80% via electricity...' b'Simon Dee, one of the biggest stars on British TV and radio in the Swinging Sixties, dies of cancer at the age of 74.' b'Hot Asians Show Up at Chinese film awards' b'Belorussian Su27 crash on Radom Air Show (Poland)' b'Iraqi military repo men comb world for missing fighter jets, ships stashed by Saddam' Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party defeated in a landslide. b'The Nations That Gave Up on Nuclear Bombs' b'Thousands call for Turing apology' b'Nearly 60% of black and African people living in Russia's capital Moscow have been physically assaulted in racially motivated attacks, says a new study.' b'In Australia, when a political figure goes missing while hiking in the mountains, he actually is missing  in the mountains' b'Lesbians given equal birth rights' b'Australia closed a chapter in its military history today when the bodies of the last two Australian servicemen missing in Vietnam were returned home, nearly 40 years after their last wartime mission.' b'We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is seeking and developing weapons of mass destruction  Sen. Ted Kennedy, September 27, 2002' Fly ash pollution from coalfired power stations Tests on children living in areas around India's power stations show high levels of uranium in their bodies...ground water show that levels of uranium around the plants are up to 15 times the WHO maximum safe limits b'A report by the top US general in Afghanistan is expected to admit the current strategy is not working' b'Effective today, police and councils in U.K. can impose Drinking Banning Orders  dubbed booze Asbos  on anyone who behave antisocially while drunk' b'An alQaeda terrorist captured in Iraq has confessed to being trained by Syria' b'A court in Sri Lanka sentences prominent Tamil journalist to 20 years in prison for causing communal disharmony.' b'Federal Reserve Made $14 Billion on Turmoil Loans' b'Hamas leader denies Nazi genocide of Jews' b'And I think there is nothing that can't be done if it is fundamentally reasonable.' b'B.C. town rallies to stop toxic waste plant' nnOur thanks go out to John Yettaw, Burma Junta says..nnBurma's detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi plans to renovate her crumbling lakeside home to keep out trespassers, her lawyer says. City officials in Tehran have agreed to investigate claims that bodies of protesters were secretly buried in the nation's largest cemetery b'A fivedayold wildfire burning out of control in the Los Angeles foothills and forest has claimed its first victims  two firefighters whose vehicle plummeted off the side of a road.' b'Why did Scotland really release Libyan Lockerbie bomber?' b'How Shifts To Smaller Family Sizes Contributed To The Asian Miracle' b'Crazy UK government now allows people who aren't parents to be named as parents on a baby's birth certificate.  Are you really my dad? they may ask when they grow up.' b'Claims of Peace in Darfur Disputed by Rebels, Officials' b'Honour killings and brutal murders of gay men on the rise in Iraq, as Iraqi authorities look the other way' b'Increasing Accounts of Fraud Cloud Afghan Vote' Gabon casts first votes after dictator's death  b'Poll  World trusts Ahmadinejad more than Bush to do the right thing regarding world affairs.' b'Egypt achieves truce between Israel and Hamas leaders, will go into effect within three days' b'New Amsterdam smoking ban doesnt apply to marijuana, you will be breaking the law if you smoke a tobaccobased joint ' b'Swedes take to the street to fight domestic spying' b'Guantnamo has proved a useful distraction from the secret detention camps run by the US around the world' b'London Police Attack Bush Protesters with Truncheons' b'Fifth severed foot found on Canadian coast' Hamas Says It's Reached CeaseFire Truce With Israel b'Undercover BBC reporter in Zimbabwe encounters feared Mugabe supporter' b'Report U.S. Gave Green Light For Taliban Prison Attack' West Bank 'attackers' arrested b'Vibrant London demonstration against George Bush attacked by police' b'Top 5  Worlds Smallest Cars' b'So much for not talking to terrorists' b'Wind Power Blows into Peru and Brightens Future' b'Israel and Hamas agree to Gaza truce' Shame on US Refugees from Iraq, Afghanistan Make Up Half the World's Total Reports UN b'Ahmadinejad to OPEC Dump weak dollar' b'Fifth severed foot found on the British Columbia shoreline!!' b'A backlash is brewing against Beckham and his fellow band of famous Lakers fans, whose prime seats cost up to $20,000 each' b'Time travel could be possible in months' b'Iran Attack More Likely as Bush Pretends to Use Diplomacy?' b'BREAKING Car bomb kills more than 50 Iraqis in crowded marketplace' b'Iran Withdraws $75B from European Banks to Prevent Seizure' Serbia rejects Kosovo's constitution BBC News  Gordon Brown 'stepping down as Labour leader' b' New Zealand women are regularly getting drunk and cruising around in packs looking for men to have sex with.' b'Kosovo Albanian mass grave found under car park in Serbia' b'Gordon Brown Resigns As Prime Minister and Labour Leader With Immediate Effect ' b'If the only metric of success is to kill members of alQaeda and the Taliban, then certainly drone attacks have been successful, but if the objective is to win the global war on terror and to defeat the radicalisation agenda in this part of the world then I think there are a lot of questions.' b'Samsung sues a British columnist for libel over a satirical spoof.' b'Australian smokers get a rude shock with graphic new cigarette packaging policy' b'A Father saving his Son' b'4 people are missing after a house in Quebec just  suddenly sank into a 9metre deep sinkhole. Holy  shit.' Red Cross confirms 'second jail' at US Bagram airbase, Afghanistan. Former prisoners tell BBC they were held at this secret jail and subjected to abuse.  b'S. Korea plays tough, North wont get free World Cup coverage' b'Birth Defects in Fallujahs Children. Up to 15 times as many chronic deformities in infants, compared to a year ago. Cases include include a baby born with two heads, babies with multiple tumors, and others with nervous system problem. Still wondering why they hate us?' b'Wanted by Interpol Sigurur Einarsson, former Chairman of Kauping, one of the fallen Icelandic banks.' b'Dear BBC, I hope you survive the latest UK government' b'Amateur Video Of Gulf Oil Slick  Damage Appears To Be Much Worse Than BP Admits' b'China suffers seventh child stabbing attack in a month' b'Legal Highs now illegal in Ireland.' b'The accidental hero. How Cornish sailor saved islanders' Nothing matters except the church's image b'Iraqi insurgents kill 102 in a series of suicide  bombings from Mosul to Basra in Iraq, the highest  number in one day this year, and jeopardizing a  planned US withdrawal.' b'French parliament condemns full Islamic face veil' b'Ireland introduces immediate blanket ban on legal highs.' Mexico's Army seizes huge drugcartel weapons cache b'Russia says may build nuclear power plant in Syria' Apparantley, Israel's Commitment to Human Rights was Good Enough for the OECD, which voted Israel in Unanimously Yesterday.