 Germany agreed Thursday to turn more than 60 former military bases into nature preserves, with the aim of creating vast new green oases and sanctuaries for rare species of birds Man falls to his death in London after clinging to British Airways flight for 8,000+ miles; 2nd stowaway in critical condition Mexico to Donald Trump You are one ignorant,' 'prejudiced' hombre  By just declaring his intention to run for president Wednesday, he managed to start a minor spat with Mexico. A Gold Coast police officer who leaked video footage of his colleagues assaulting a handcuffed man could face charges and jail time, civil libertarians say North Korea Claims It Has Cure for MERS, Ebola and AIDS China is utterly and totally dominating solar panels China has emerged as the worlds largest market for solar panels and in 2015 is expected to be home to a quarter of the planets new energy capacity from solar panels, according to a new report from GTM Research TransPacific Partnership? Never heard of it, Canadians tell pollster Canada controversial antiterrorism bill, C51, is now law. Israeli youths arrested after arson attack on Catholic church Saudi Arabia, one the loudest voices against climate change action, blocks drive to tighten global warming cap. Officials Chinese had access to U.S. security clearance data for one year Cuba to offer WiFi at 35 public spaces for the first time Renewable energy in numbers. Wind, solar, hydro and other renewable sources made up 59% of new power generation capacity installed in 2014. Denmark takes a sharp turn to the right after antiimmigration Danish People's Party soars in parliamentary elections, vowing to support Britain's demands for EU reform Three wounded in terrorist shooting attack north of Jerusalem. China stocks plunge as bubble fears grow Jobless Afghan fighters say they were paid by the Iranian government to fight for Syria's President, Bashar alAssad, and promised passports and jobs if they survive. Spain turns its back on the sun. Proposed legislation will stifle smallscale solar and wind energy production, critics warn 300 arrested in global wildlife raids  Seizures include Over 12 tons elephant ivory from Thailand, DRC, Kenya, Singapore, Mozambique & Uganda; 126 rhino horns from Mozambique, Vietnam, Namibia & Kenya; 10,000 dead sea horses, over 400 live turtles & tortoises in UK. Armed Groups Reportedly Raped, Castrated, and Slit the Throats of Children in South Sudan UK Muslims helping jihadis, says Cameron Communities must stop 'quietly condoning' barbaric ISIS, PM warns in blunt speech New DNA Results Show Kennewick Man Was Native American  Kennewick Mans genome also sheds new light on how people first spread throughout the New World, experts said. There was no mysterious intrusion of Europeans thousands of years ago. Instead, several waves spread across the New World Euro zone announces emergency summit on Greece as money flees Pakistan suspends death penalty during Ramadan  BBC News Exclusive  Deposit withdrawals surge at Greek banks as debt noose tightens  2bn withdrawn over the past three days Sweden announces first centre for raped men US says it will not provide food aid to North Korea during its worst drought in 100 years Russia warns of 'risks' should Sweden join Nato A top Russian official has told a leading Swedish newspaper that the country would be likely to face military action if it were to join Nato. Pork sold by several leading British supermarkets found to be contaminated with a strain of superbug MRSA linked to overuse of powerful antibiotics on factory farms  Some develop skin complaints & the bug can cause lifethreatening infections, including pneumonia & blood poisoning Man in Dubai faces $68,000 fine for Swearing on WhatsApp All Systems Go for NASA's Mission to Jupiter Moon Europa  Observations of Europa have provided us with tantalizing clues over the last two decades, and the time has come to seek answers to one of humanity's most profound questions. India Just Upped Its Solar Target FiveFold, Will Install More Solar This Year Than Germany Anonymous responsible for massive cyberattack on Canadian government websites due to the Harper government's controversial bill C51 China, the United States and India were responsible for nearly 80% of global growth in the first three months of the year World Hasnt Had So Many Refugees Since 1945, Report Says Israel Vows to Prevent Massacre of Syrian Druze After Islamist Rebels Surround Village Near Golan Heights Chad Burqa Ban Islamic Face Veils Outlawed In MuslimMajority State Following Boko Haram Suicide Bombings Some African Countries Are Trying to Use Science to Make Homophobic Laws, Now African Scientists are Pushing Back Hungary will build a 4 meter high fence along its border with Serbia to stop illegal migrants 'Highly significant' Spanish Armada cannons discovered off coast of Ireland Fukushima power plant operator 'knew of need to protect against tsunami but did not act' Canadian Government Lambasted for Stifling Science and Dissent British Government dodges Freedom of Information act with automatic 3month deletion of emails $1bn has vanished from three of Moldova's leading banks, much of it passing through UK companies. Honduran soldiers are taking over public hospitals and medicine storage warehouses to guarantee the supply of drugs to patients after a recent fraud and graft scandal rocked the Social Security Institute France seizes the assets of Russian staterun media For the first time in modern history, Asia is now richer than Europe. And it is catching up with North America too; by 2019 Speaker of Greek parliament releases debt committee finding that debt is odious and should not be repaid. Prime minister is ready to say the great no and reject any unfair debt deal EU agrees to extend Russia economic sanctions by six months Hong Kong Legislature Votes Down BeijingBacked Election Plan Hundreds of pet owls abandoned after Harry Potter craze fades Pictures of the 6.0 Earthquake in North Italy A 73yearold Japanese woman climbed to Mount Everest's peak Saturday, smashing her own record to again become the oldest woman to scale the world's highest mountain. Immortal Avatar Russian project seeks to create robot with human brain The Pirate Party fits the political gap 'two years ago, hardly anyone knew that the Pirate Party even existed; now, all of a sudden, it has won seats in state parliaments in four successive elections, and a new poll puts them at 11% of Germany's national vote.' Pakistan has blocked Twitter over blasphemous material on the social networking site. Scientists who claimed homosexuality could be cured withdraws claim and apologises Franois Hollande pledges support for gay marriage in France 'A communiqu issued by the office of the PM, JeanMarc Ayrault, marked the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia yesterday with a pledge to put the presidents manifesto promise into law.'  Quebec protesters set fires in busy Montreal streets Frankfurt March Protests Unchecked Capitalism Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset alMegrahi dead [xpost from r/unitedkingdom] BBC News  Three killed in northern Italy earthquake Exploding The Myth Of The Feckless, Lazy Greeks Stereotypes and untruths are everywhere, but this economic crisis is not the selfinflicted result of a lax Mediterranean work ethic. Fighting rages in eastern DR Congo Lockerbie bomber alMegrahi has died in Libya
| Reuters Fourth Mexican army officer held in drug cartel probe Pakistan blocks Twitter because of tweets considered offensive to Islam UK special forces 'to stay in Afghanistan after 2014' Eggs thrown as Taiwanese president sworn in Mafia suspected in Italian school bombing  Local mafia cartel the United Sacred Crown are alleged to be behind the bombing of a girls' school in Italy which killed one and injured seven others.  Youth protest former Mexican ruling party's rise Yemen clashes kill 34 militants, soldiers officials Syria Rebel Suicide Bomber Attacks Regime Military Installations, 9 Killed, 100 Wounded Deadly floods strike north Afghanistan  The Vatican is threatening legal action against those responsible for Vatileaks, a book of leaked internal documents. Suicide blast kills more than 100 Yemeni troops at parade rehearsal  CNN.com Israeli soldiers seen standing by as settlers use live fire against Palestinians Bee Gee's singer Robin Gibb is dead. Earthquake destroys $326 million worth of cheese WATCH An Israeli settler shoots at Palestinians while IDF soldiers stand idly by, 24 year old Palestinian wounded as a result. NATO decides to activate missile shield despite Russian threats  NATO leaders launched Sunday 1st phase of a USled missile shield for Europe, risking the wrath of Russia which has threatened to deploy rockets to EU borders in response.

 Elusive 'Asian Unicorn' Faces Extinction Japanese man severs real estate agent's arm with katana Quebec corruption inquiry could expose links between Mafia, politics and construction  Study Despite Tougher Copyright Monopoly Laws, Sharing Remains Pervasive  61% of 1525 yearolds in Sweden share culture online, in violation of the copyright monopoly Ban Kimoon Eradicate polio, finally  The highly preventable disease survives in only Afghanistan, Nigeria and Pakistan. If we don't wipe it out now, a future epidemic could be devastating. Arctic melt releasing ancient methane BBC News  Three climbers die on Mt Everest Russia Says West Considering Military Action on Iran  It's one of many signals coming from sources that the military option is realistic & possible.  We're receiving signals this option is being reviewed in some capitals as more applicable in this situation. We're very worried about this.  Inside Halden, The Most Humane Prison In The World  Report from highsecurity prison in Norway. Where rehabilitation is focus, not retribution. Prisoners include murderers, paedophiles. Yet every cell has flatscreen TV and private shower. Warden can't remember last figh Taliban destroy poppy fields in surprise clampdown on Afghan opium growers.  Action by Taliban welcomed by government and clerics but insurgent says destruction was for religious reasons Svyatoslav Sheremet, head of Gay Forum of Ukraine, is beaten as he met with members of the media to inform them that a scheduled gaypride parade was cancelled UK banks are ready for Greek exit, says Bank of England Pakistan restores Twitter after block JPMorgan Chase loss only going to get worse  Drones of its Own NATO Signs Deal with Northrup Grumman for Global Surveillance Capabilities Mexican Journalists Silenced to Death  Journalists are being killed, wounded & threatened at an alarming rate in Mexico since the US/Mexican 'War on Drugs' accelerated into a bloodbath of deaths, wounding & torture beginning in 2006. Alleged perpetrator of mass beheadings in Mexico arrested Czech exminister Rath faces hearing over box of cash   A week ago police detained Mr Rath as he was carrying a wine box containing 7m koruna (224,000). He is accused of diverting money from an EU project. Did a Dingo Do it?   32 years on,  the 4th inquest into Azaria Chamberlain's death opened in Darwin this morning.  A coroner's court heard the 9weekold baby was probably taken by a dingo. She famously disappeared from a tent at Uluru in 1980.
 30 North Korean officials involved in South talks die 'in traffic accidents'  Its the older generation thats entitled, not students Canada eliminates entire marine pollution program China hits back on U.S. human rights 26% of minors in Spain live in homes that fall below the 2010 poverty threshold BBC News  Syria crisis Houla child massacre confirmed by UN Pope's butler arrested over Vatican documents leak Syria shelling 'kills at least 90' Not All Israeli Citizens Are Equal  NYTimes.com Syria children slaughtered as regime unleashes 18hour attack on town Japanese chef cooks and serves his genitals at Tokyo banquet. After massacre kills 90 in Syria, Russia ships MORE weapons to Assad. Women must bathe less, shave heads to avoid AIDS  Zimbabwean politician German solar power plants produced a world record 22 gigawatts of electricity per hour  equal to 20 nuclear power stations at full capacity  through the midday hours on Friday and Saturday Syrian activists decry 'massacre' in Houla  [WARNING photos of dead kids] Egypt elections results in a 'nightmare scenario' In Brazil, a showdown over rainforest deforestation  Brazil's president is scheduled to sign a reform package today that could retroactively legalize the deforestation of millions of acres in the Amazon. Center of gravity in oil world shifts to Americas. The dynamics of energy geopolitics is changing in a way that had been unforeseen just a few years ago. Egypt runoff called 'worstcase scenario'. A Muslim Brotherhood candidate and a former member of Hosni Mubarak's regime will compete to become Egypt's next president, firstround election results show. Diplomat Iran nuclear talks complete failure. Western powers demand Iran completely shut down nuclear Program, offer no end to sanctions Israeli gunboats and an Egyptian clampdown on fuel smuggling into the Gaza Strip are strangling the Palestinian enclave's little fishing fleet, slowly turning a generation of fishermen into fishmongers. [UK] Theresa May we'll stop migrants if euro collapses IMF Chief to Greeks  It's payback time don't expect sympathy   Japan and China begin direct (non dollar) bilateral trading in June. Google warns hundreds of thousands may lose Internet in July Teen Solves Newtons 300YearOld Riddle  An Indianborn teenager who lives in Germany has  solved a mathematical problem posed by Sir Isaac Newton that's baffled mathematicians ever since A 61yearold German woman has been fined 800 for blowing a whistle down the telephone at a callcentre worker and damaging her hearing  after she got fed up with constant coldcalls to her house Israeli settler shoots Palestinian in West Bank
Some 25 Israeli settlers, some carrying guns, set fire to wheat fields in the Palestinian village of Orif, near the northern West Bank city of Nablus. Quebec passes new law that many say is intended to stifle protests by students; thousands rally in Montreal to protest it Brave Saudi woman confronts religious police trying to chastise her for having painted nails  then posts video online 
Outrage Grows Over Syria Massacre  Western nations are pressing for a response to the massacre in the Syrian town of Houla, with the US calling for an end to what it called President Bashar alAssad's rule by murder Afghan women leave the country in fear of Taliban return. The threat of a curtailment of women's rights prompts many to quit before the 2014 handover IMF chief tells Greeks to pay their taxes Gorilla Areas Bombed by Congo Rebels   Fighting in the central African state has reached the national park where a dwindling population of primates lives. Just over 800 gorillas remain in the world, with 210 living in the area. The definition of heroism Man drowns rescuing two children BBC News  Nato air strike 'kills Afghan family' BBC News  Bosnian couple 'enslaved German girl' Sweden wins eurovision songcontest! Syria Denies Responsibility for Massacre Near Homs Riots Over Smelly Pig Plant Shut it Down   Pigs started dying after locals blocked access.  Chili ordered it closed & the 500,000 surviving pigs removed to prevent health disaster. Removal is expected to take 6 months.


 Manmohan Singh is beginning an official visit to Burma, the first by an Indian prime minister since 1987  He will meet President Thein Sein and opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi, whose mother once served as Burma's ambassador to India.  IndiaBurma Border Caught in Time Warp  Both sides are poor & underdeveloped, & awash with ethnic tribes who are often at conflict with the governments in Delhi and Nay Pyi Taw, part of the reason why the region is a hotbed of insurgency Australia teen dies after YouTube 'Final Goodbye' video goes viral Syria 'massacre' raises pressure for international response Greeks riled by IMF chief Lagarde's 'taxdodging' comments Moscow police detain 40 as gay activists demand right to hold parade, face Christian protest Lady Gaga cancels Indonesia concert amid Muslim protest fears Social media fuel Mexican youth protests Center of gravity in oil world shifts to Americas  Rebel Groups Merge in Mali, Agree on Islamic State  
The 2 rebel groups that seized control of the northern half of Mali have agreed to fuse their movements & work together to create an independent Islamic state on the territory they occupy Quebec is trampling basic human rights to quash student protests Indian state says it's OK now to kill tiger poachers on sight. Iran Navy Helps U.S. Ship Attacked by Pirates in Middle East Child pornography is great, the man said enthusiastically, Politicians do not understand file sharing, but they understand child pornography, and they want to filter that to score points with the public. Sweden moves to outlaw forced marriages Nearly 1,000 dogs reportedly have been sickened by chicken jerky pet treats from China, according to a new tally of complaints from worried owners and veterinarians submitted to federal health officials. RCMP to ease Canadians into the idea of U.S. agents in Canada Official 122 girls, 3 teachers poisoned at Afghan school Over 700 arrest last night in Montreal and Quebec City during a student demonstration. Canadian Pacific Railroad wants to cut employee pensions by 40% and worsen already rough working conditions. In response, a strike is showing how important 4,800 CP workers are to the Canadian and Global economy,  Iran navy saves US cargo ship from pirates North Korea ready to carry out nuclear test at any moment Drunk Chinese couple buries carhit victim alive  police. A young Chinese couple is suspected of burying alive an elderly woman, whom they thought they had hit and killed while driving drunk after an allnight karaoke session. The two most important criminal organizations in Mexico are engaged in allout war, and the most spectacular battles are being fought for the cameras as the combatants pursue a strategy of intimidation and propaganda by dumping ever greater numbers of headless bodies in public view. New Zealand officials pledge to snuff out smoking entirely by 2025. Australia21 Board Member Dr Alex Wodak Should Illicit Drugs be Legalised in Australia? The War on Drugs, waged for at the last 40 years, has failed comprehensively. Important leaders of the community in Australia and other countries now increasingly acknowledge this. Indian state says it's OK now to kill tiger poachers on sight
 TEPCO today announced their new estimates of the radiation release at Fukushima. They now estimate that four times as much Cesium was released as at Chernobyl A Female President Demands Equal Rights for Africa's Gays Gold Boom Spreading Mercury as 15 Million Miners Exposed African asylum seekers injured in Tel Aviv race riots  Violence breaks out after inflammatory speeches as protesters join politicians to demonstrate against rising Israeli immigration U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan Inventor of the TV remote control dies at 96  North Korea executes 3 for cannibalism. Chinese police have arrested a young couple who buried an old woman alive in the mistaken belief she was dead after their car hit the 68yearold Julian Assange wears Anonymousstyle mask in rare public appearance BBC News  SpaceX Dragon docking with ISS Montreal's student protesters defy restrictions as demonstrations grow
 The Yes campaign for Scottish independence officially launched today. Famous Scots supporting the Yes campaign include Sean Connery and Brian Cox. Which countries work the longest hours?  Generally speaking, long working hours are associated with lower productivity per hour  Ontario Students are considering joining Quebec Mexico's war on the drug cartels started in Michoacan; six years on, it's a cautionary tale of prohibitionism's failure  Unprecedented attack on Canadians' constitutional freedoms. Biggest telescope ever, to be built in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa, announced today. US cuts Pakistan aid over jailing of bin Laden sting doctor US cuts $33m in aid to Pakistan.  $1m for each year of Shakil Afridi's sentence. Tel Aviv race riot flags bitter immigration dispute Potbanging against Bill 78, Quebec law limiting protests, is catching on. Report N. Korean officials executed in staged traffic accidents Spain plans $11bn rescue of troubled bank  Minister announces full nationalisation of Bankia, country's fourthlargest lender, amid rising loandefault rates. Spanish doctor ordered to pay for upkeep of child after failed abortion Mexico gang launches car bomb near US border Newly Independent South Sudan becomes FIFA's 209th member Vatican detains suspect in unauthorised leaks probe Jailed punk band Pussy Riot pushes free speech limits in Russia At least ten top members of the Irans Guardians of the Islamic Revolution (Pasdaran) group have died under suspicious circumstances in recent months Trash Bin Babies India's Female Infanticide Crisis   Can the European concept of baby hatches help curb sexselective abortions and infanticide? An Israeli who rescued a distressed climber on Mount Everest instead of pushing onward to the summit said Friday that the man he helped, an American of Turkish origin, is like a brother to him. Iranian sailors chase off pirates attacking U.S. ship Information shows that Syrian President Bashar Assad's brotherinlaw, Assef Shawkat, and several other senior officials were indeed poisoned b'Disaster unfolds slowly in the Gulf of Mexico [pics]' b'Police force their way into home and handcuff a 63 year old man for having a poster saying David CameronWanker in his window' b'Man who gambled on his life dies' b'North Korea reports nuclear fusion success' Protesters attempt to storm Irish parliament.   Protesters angry at Ireland's multibillion efforts to bail out its banks have tried to storm the entrance of the Irish parliament and several have been injured in scuffles with police.  World's Largest Open Border  Bullshit. Young Quebec girl accosted and left stranded in downtown Windsor after attempting to cross the border WITH HER FUCKING PASSPORT. b'The EU has given Estonia a green light to join the Eurozone in 2011' Egyptian Emergency Law Is Extended for 2 Years giving Gov't the right to arrest people without charge, detain prisoners indefinitely, limit freedom of expression and assembly, and maintain a special security court b'Sweden has expelled a highranking Syrian diplomat for allegedly planning to abduct his daughter, Swedish media report.' b'US planned nerve gas attack on Australian troops Newly declassified files reveal that US military scientists wanted to bomb and spray 200 mainly Australian troops with the deadly nerve agents in the 1960s' b'The UK has a new Prime Minister' b'Personal cellphone data end up for sale at Mexico flea market. The government had asked everyone to register their phones, but many refused, citing fears of spying or other misuse of the data. It turns out they were right.' b'Samsung declares war on free speech' b'This is the fith time in a few weeks, what is going on in China?  Man kills eight at Chinese nursery ' b'My tweet was silly, but the police reaction was absurd Guardian.co.uk blogger on his arrest and prosecution for Twitter airport comment.' b'A regiment of eunuchs should be established to guard India's borders and leading politicians, a state minister said, citing their loyalty and integrity' Acid attacker jailed for 30 years for avenging family's 'dishonour' Another school massacre in China. It's more than a coincidence now. Is this a new form of terrorism against the state? b'Citing the Bible, PM of Israel says that Jerusalem and its alternative Hebrew name Zion appear 850 times in the Old Testament and that this proves it is the indivisible capital of Israel' b'7 children, 2 adults hacked to death with kitchen cleaver in China kindergarten attack ' b'North Korea Claims Nuclear Fusion' b'Lone survivor in plane crash this morning (BBC)' b'Breaking News Another schoolstabbing in China leaves seven dead, at least another 20 wounded' b'BP throws kitchen sink at oil Geyser. Plans to dump junk in the well; Tires, balls, and other crap.' b'MI5 faces allegations over torture of British man in Bangladesh' b'Muslim said he is suing Supermarket giant Tesco for religious discrimination because he was asked to handle crates of alcohol in a warehouse.' b'PETER HITCHENS How China has created a new slave empire in Africa' b'German leader warns U.S. superpower era is over' b'How China has created a new slave empire in Africa' b'Americans deploy advanced radar system to Israel' b'Report Taliban, Afghans in secret peace talks' b'Russia has called for a revival of the global antiterrorism coalition that formed after Sept. 11, 2001' b'The Banker Suicides Have Begun' b'Austrian voters support party that wants to bring back Nazi symbols' b'Now Brits could be forced to apply for a visa before travelling to America' b'Top Afghan policewoman shot dead' b'China's State News Agency Publishes Article Describing The Taikonauts First Night In Space Before They Had Even Left Earth And Blame It On A Technical Error' b'Official Story Of Pakistan Truck Bombing Is A Lie' b'Blast in Delhi again, two killed' b'Austrian Elections The Populist and His Protg' b'Lawyers for China milk victims pressed to quit' b'Sunni cleric Yusuf Qaradawi calls Shiites heretics trying to invade Sunni nations, tapping into antiIran anxieties. Shiites express dismay at the remarks amid Iraq war and efforts to forge unity.' b'Violence Increases as Settlers Begin Challenging Israel' b'Revealed secret Taliban peace bid' China's TaintedMilk Crisis Grows Despite Official Claims  b' Confusion looms over ownership of seized Ukrainian military cargo ' b'Islamist plunder weapons from hijacked ship in Somalia' b'Chavez says crisishit U.S. needs new constitution' b'Darren Meade, is Being the Change he Wants to See in the World.' b'Credit crunch banker leaps to his death in front of express train' Snowden to reveal secrets of Arab dictators Pirate Party founder Rick Falkvinge admits using drugs and enjoying it, slams Sweden for deranged and destructive drugs policy that leads police to arrest anyone on any bullshit suspicion Turkey to require pet owners to undergo mandatory certification. A new law also will forbid the sale of most animals in pet shops. U.S. Taped Moscow Plotting Chaos Ukraine loses at least $80 billion since Russia takes Crimea Ukraine has lost at least $80 billion since Russia annexed its southern Crimea region and the price tag will be much higher when Kiev includes lost profits and the value of possible energy reserves in the Black Sea. The Chernobyl arch alone will end up costing about $1.5 billion, financed largely by the United States and about 30 other nations. The Pentagon says Russia's defense chief has assured Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel that Russia will not invade Ukraine Rio Olympics preparations 'worst' I have ever seen, says IOC vicepresident Dispatch 31  Simon Ostrovsky describes his kidnapping Saudi Arabia criticises Norway over human rights record Israel okayed nearly 14,000 settler homes Prosecutor General Yanukovych took $32 billion to Russia, financing separatism in Ukraine A television debate show in northern India has ended in horror after a spectator set himself ablaze and embraced a local politician 30,000 Chinese Factory Workers Strike Against Maker of Nike Sneakers IED kills one Ukrainian soldier, injures one. Stop using Microsoft's IE browser until bug is fixed, US and UK warn Several wounded when proRussian separatists attacked a rally in support of Ukrainian unity US senators remove requirement for disclosure over drone strike victims | World news No sign of Russian troops withdrawing from Ukraine borderNATO official European Union moves to end smartphone patent wars Video of South Korean ferry's captain being rescued in his underwear, and speakers telling students to not move. Israel's High Court rules in favor of Palestinians in the West Bank Area C Russian says was 'irresponsible' to send monitors to east Ukraine Russia, Iran In Talks To Sign $10 Billion Energy Deal Ukraine's ProRussian Candidate Quits Presidential Race More than TwoThirds of Afghanistan Reconstruction Money has Gone to One Company DynCorp International 683 Muslim Brotherhood Supporters Sentenced to Death in Egypt Hitler's former maid Elisabeth Kalhammer breaks her silence after 71 years Cold War SpySatellite Images Unveil Lost Cities. Photos triple number of known archaeological sites across the Middle East, revealing thousands of ancient cities, roads, canals, and other ruins. China bans The Big Bang Theory and other American shows from the internet; analysts say government censors are concerned with ideological issues. Desmond Tutu has said he is happy Nelson Mandela is dead  so he does not have to see what South Africas current leaders are doing to the country BP and Shell exposed as US prepares first warning shot against Russia's oil and gas industry John Kerry told the Trilateral Commission that Israel risks becoming an apartheid state if it doesn't make peace China releases trove of Japanese sex slave records Australian State Government urges boycott of Ben & Jerrys ice cream over WWF propaganda on Great Barrier Reef 60,000 Chinese Workers Continue Historic Strike Human Rights Watch report Israel structurally shooting unarmed Gaza civilians. ProRussia forces free Swedish military observer held in Ukraine It wasn't immediately clear why only Johansson was released, but the proRussian insurgents had accused the group of being NATO spies and Sweden isn't a member of the transAtlantic alliance. Missing Flight MH370 Exploration company believes it may have found MH370 Food Prices In Russia Grew 40 times faster than in Europe for 1st quarter of 2014 Mayor of eastern Ukrainian city shot Hungarians march against antiSemitism after farright poll gains Ukraine crisis EU set to intensify Russia sanctions US judge rules search warrants extend to overseas email accounts Mayor of Kharkov, Ukraine shot in back, hospitalized Syria's Assad to run for third term as president Russian vicepremier visits North Korea to discuss economic ties The Toll Of 5 Years Of Drone Strikes 2,400 Dead Russia Unexpectedly Raises Main Rate as S&P Lowers Rating Ukraine kidnapped observers paraded by proRussian gunmen in Slavyansk Missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 Malaysian prime minister admits lost plane WAS tracked by military radar South Korea PM to resign over criticism of the governments handling of the ferry incident. North Korea calls Obama a powerful pimp and gangster for South Korea's prostitute President; says South Korean president's behavior like a crafty prostitute eagerly trying to frame someone by giving her body to a powerful pimp. The North then said it was ready for full scale nuclear war. Russian and Ukrainian game developers are starting to leave their countries in midst of political crisis Heavily armed African and French peacekeepers escorted some of the last remaining Muslims out of Central African Republic's volatile capital on Sunday, trucking more than 1,200 people who for months had been trapped in their neighborhood by violent Christian militants. Brazilians welcome geneticallymodified mosquito to help fight dengue fever  With dengue endemic in three of the host cities for this summer's World Cup, Brazilian health officials are trying a radical new approach to fighting it  biotechnology. Museum dedicated to Tiananmen square massacre opens in Hong Kong Ecuadors President Rafael Correa has ordered 20 Pentagon officers and staff to leave the country Ireland Doctors back two GPs who want cannabis use legalised Danish cabinet minister allows full access to mine all her online data, in an attempt to show just how much information can be derived from an individual's digital footprint. All synthetic drugs sold as legal highs to be removed from New Zealand shops within two weeks Serial Killer Arrested For Killing Gay Men In Pakistan Gunmen refuse to release European observers seized in eastern Ukraine Iraq Bomb explodes at election rally NIS aquires supercomputer  It's codenamed Steelwinter and is part of a 100 million dollar investment program. The supercomputer will crack heavy cryptology and analyze the vast amounts of data Norwegian Inteligence Service (NIS) collects. The Russian Defense Ministry complains of large Ukrainian troop buildup in east  that the number of Ukraine troops put the proRussian militants at a disadvantage because the latter are armed only with small amount of pistols and shotguns. Saudi Arabia says has 10 more cases in MERS outbreak and two more people have died from the disease Former Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser warns Australia risks war with China unless US military ties are cut back Baltic States Lead Push to Cut Russia Gas Reliance A federal judge on Wednesday dismissed criminal charges against a former Blackwater security guard whose actions allegedly triggered the shootings of dozens of Iraqi citizens at a traffic circle in Baghdad nearly seven years ago Iraqi helicopters attack jihadi convoy across Syrian border ProRussia rebels hold Germanled observers hostage Search for MH370 reveals a military vulnerability for China Europe bans American apples for containing a possibly carcinogenic chemical and group asks U.S to examine them GE invests $24 million in Welspun Renewables Energys solar project  With this transaction, GE Energy Financial Services has exceeded $10 billion in cumulative renewable energy investment commitments worldwide, including $1.8 billion in solar power commitments in seven countries. Putin Halts All Talks With White House Satellite images taken on Wednesday include hints that North Korea may be preparing to detonate multiple nuclear devices at once Nearly 200 Schoolgirls Are Still Being Held Captive And Abused By Militants In Nigeria Saudi princess calls for uprising Stop moaning about our bonuses Barclays boss slaps down investors angry at bank's pay practices Russian jets cross into Ukraine airspace The Taliban Has No Clue to Whom It Should Return a Captive US Soldier Danes see Russia as a threat to peace in Europe G7 Nations Agree To More Sanctions On Russia US troops land in Latvia amid Ukraine crisis BBC News  Spain Endangered hamstersized deer born in zoo Human Rights Watch 'Israel Must Stop Shooting at Palestinian Civilians for Simply Crossing a Line' Finnish Officers see growing threat from Russia Russia fears Crimea Water Shortage  Ukraine reducing supply Latvia says Russia trying to use 'provocateurs' in Baltic state Liberty, human rights are godless and faithless ideologies created by atheists to undermine Islam, says ISMA chief | Malaysia 7 OSCE observers captured by separatists in E. Ukraine Ukraine crisis Pentagon says Russian jets violated airspace UK RAF fighter jets scrambled to investigate Russian planes which flew close to UK airspace Ukrainian Troops Confront Eastern Separatists as Russian Troops Mass Along the Border ProRussian separatists have seized a bus carrying international observers from the OSCE. Separatist leader says Kyiv 'spy' is in detained group. The Canadian Supreme Court has rejected the Harper government's plan to reform or abolish the Canadian Senate Poland holds biggest security exercise in decades Palestinian unity govt will recognize Israel Abbas Russia Warns Kyiv will pay for 'antiterrorism' campaign China to jail eaters of rare wild animals In the past 24 hours, Saudi Arabia has reported four new deaths from a Middle East virus related to SARS and 36 more cases of infection, including a Turkish pilgrim in Mecca. Reclusive owner of South Korean ferry dubbed the millionaire with no face is raided by police as its revealed the doomed vessel was THREE times over its maximum load Ukraine warns Russia is bent on World War Three Simon Ostrovsky Has Been Released Two of the most popular Englishlanguage proficiency tests in Japan can no longer be used to obtain student visas to Britain after a British TV program exposed fraud in the testtaking process. North Korea arrests 24 year old American citizen trying to claim asylum in DPRK S&P Cuts Russia to Just Above Junk Status John Kerry Just Gave Russia A Final Warning McDonald's Canada CEO calls foreign worker controversy 'bullshit'  Scandal reaches upper echelons of government OSCE Slams Putin For The 'Height Of Hypocrisy' In the OSCE, the Russians are always alleging double standards, but this is ridiculous because in Russia, anybody who calls for separatism is a criminal. So, that means that the people in Ukraine under Russian standards would be criminals. Spanish team finds hidden 'tomb of Jesus' Spanish Egyptologists have discovered what could be one of the oldest images of Jesus Christ, painted on the walls of a mysterious underground structure deep in an ancient Egyptian tomb. Mi8 helicopter explodes at Kramatorsk airport in Ukraines east Russia makes internet bloggers with over 3000 daily views register with the Roskomnadzor (state body of media) ExSoviet Officials Call on Russia to Pull Troops Officials from five exSoviet republics called on Russia to withdraw its troops from border areas near Ukraine, and they backed a free and fair Ukrainian presidential election on May 25. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has accused the West of wanting to seize Ukraine, amid escalating rhetoric between Russia and the US. US suspends tax talks with Russia as a form of 'unofficial sanctions'. In the coming weeks, a 30% tax penalty will hit US payments going to over 800 Russian banks. Australia to Purchase 58 More F35 Fighters for $12.4 billion 3 russian helicopters are said to have violated Ukrainian airspace McDonald's boycott threatened over use of temporary foreign workers  British Columbia  CBC News North Korea's Got a Big Crystal Meth Problem Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to pay a total of $324 million to settle a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to hold down salaries in Silicon Vall Another U.S. warship enters Black Sea Sweden wants cruise missiles 'for defence' Armenians are protesting today at Turkish embassies, all across the world, for recognition of the Armenian Genocide of 1915, where 1.5 million Armenians were slaughtered. FCC Abandons Net Neutrality Iran's President Rouahani calls for gender equality American troops now en route to Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia in response to Russian troop movements and European concerns over Russian aggression. Yesterday, US soldiers arrived in Poland. Putin calls the internet a 'CIA project'. Four physicists have announced their resignation from the academic council of one of Russia's top research institutes, accusing it of failing to defend a prominent colleague who was fired for truancy after attending a workshop at Stony Brook University in the U.S. Ukraine forces kill up to five rebels, Putin warns of consequences China Is Shutting Down Porn Websites En Masse Swearing in films banned by Russia's lower house The Russian parliament's lower house has passed a bill that bans swearing from films, music and other works of art. In addition, members of the public could face penalties of up to 2,500 roubles for swearing in public ...  Chemicals killing smartphone chip factory workers Samsung and Apple factories accused Facebook, Gmail, Skype face Russia ban under 'antiterror' data snooping plan Ukraine crisis Army moves to retake Sloviansk [Preliminary] Magnitude 6.7 earthquake just hit off the coast of Vancouver, Canada. Brazilian Congress passes Internet bill of rights China says more than half of its groundwater is polluted | Number of groundwater sites of poor or extremely poor quality increases to 59.6%, Chinese government says Brazil's new Internet 'Bill of Rights' protects privacy, ensures net neutrality Dutch fighter jets intercept 2 Russian bombers in its airspace Researchers unravel the works of a bishop who theorised multiple universes 800 years ago 106,000 Signatures in Support of Pirate Bay Founder Delivered to Danish Govt.  After amassing 106,000 signatures a petition aimed at improving the prison conditions of Gottfrid Svartholm has been delivered to the Danish government. RAF Jet Chases Russian Planes Away From UK Russia orders troops to south and west borders after Ukrainian soldiers kill five United States likely to impose sanctions against India over drug IP issue US President Barack Obama has reaffirmed his support for Japan in its row over islands with China, after talks with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.But he confirmed that the islands fell under a security treaty that commits the US to act if Japan is attacked. Canada under increasing pressure to come up with coordinated NATO response to Russia in Arctic Norway has been severely punished for the Norwegian Nobel Committee's decision to award the prize to Liu Xiaobo, one of the leaders of the 1989 uprising in Tiananmen Square. Russia, India Planning $30 Billion Oil Pipeline Through Xinjiang British people by 21 ratio say it was good for society, not bad, that newspapers reported the materials given to them by Edward Snowden Mission to Mars is necessary for survival of human race Pope Francis told divorced and remarried woman there is nothing wrong with her taking Communion Pope Francis reportedly told a divorced and remarried woman that there is nothing wrong with her taking Communion, in what would be a huge departure from current Catholic teaching. Russian Facebook founder flees country after being forced out as CEO Russian social network is now effectively under state control North Korea offer condolences to South for Sewol Ferry disaster Report Vice Journalist Captured in Eastern Ukraine Poland is about to engage in a massive military spending spree to replace Sovietera equipment Ukraine VICE journalist held by separatists, TIME reporter released US deploying troops to Eastern Europe For the first time Turkey PM Erdogan offers condolences over mass WWI killings of Armenians Saudi prince kills about 2,000 endangered birds on safari Russia Warns Ukraine of Potential Military Response Founder of biggest Russian social network VKontakte flees Russia, claims Persecution 'Don't behave like gangsters,' Ukrainian PM tells Russia ProRussian Insurgents Identified The Green Men of VKontakte Russia begins extracting oil in the Arctic despite Greenpeace efforts Suspected mass grave, believed to contain at least 250 bodies of ethnic Albanians killed in the 199899 Kosovo war, excavated in Serbia Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been convicted of libel in a ruling that could potentially lead to the jailing of one of President Vladimir Putins most prominent critics. Russia Bans Military and Police from Traveling Abroad In Russia, a Soviet revival grips leadership Acting Ukraine president calls for relaunch of antiterrorist operation in east after politician tortured to death Nearly 90 percent of the chemicals in Syrias weapons arsenal have now been removed from the wartorn country, with only two or three shipments left for export, the group responsible for policing the global treaty that bans chemical munitions reported on Tuesday. Violent protests have broken out in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro following the death of a young man allegedly beaten by police. Sweden to beef up air force to counter Russia China issues veiled warning to N. Korea not to conduct nuclear test China Violent Government Thugs Beaten To Death By Angry Crowds After They Killed A Man Documenting Their Brutality North Korean new generation losing faith in the regime After decades of absolute control, Pyongyang's iron grip on the lives of ordinary citizens is finally slipping Arab royal hunts down 2,100 internationally protected houbara bustards in three week safari Bolivia raises minimum wage by 20% CEO Of Russian Facebook Says He Was Fired And That The Social Network Is Now In The Hands Of Putin Allies  So ends the slow unravelling of independence at VKontakte, Russias most popular social network. China's new environment law submitted to parliament... will give legal backing to Beijing's newly declared war on pollution and formalise a pledge made last year to abandon a decadesold growthatallcosts economic model that has spoiled much of China's water, skies and soil. DSL router patch merely hides backdoor instead of closing it  Researcher finds secret knock opens admin for some Linksys, Netgear routers. North Korea erupts with antigay tirade against UN Human Rights Chair UltraOrthodox Jews are resisting new laws which force them to join the army US releases photos of Russian special forces soldier operating in eastern Ukraine. Russia bans Tatar leader from Crimea after Putin signs decree Spanish Congress rejects Catalan independence referendum Sri Lanka to deport British tourist with Buddha tattoo US ordered to release memo in Anwar alAwlaki drone killing Everest's Sherpas Issue List of Demands Chinese hackers are stealing our secrets  US Admiral It is a significant shift in how Russian ground forces approach a problem,  James G. Stavridis, the retired admiral and former NATO commander. Leaflets Given To Donetsk Jews Made Waves Worldwide, But Not In Donetsk Extremist Hindu leader in India calls to evict Muslims and loot and burn their properties First sign of South Korea ferry disaster was call from a frightened boy who is among the missing  The Globe and Mail Hundreds of people were killed because of their ethnicity after South Sudan rebels seized the oil hub of Bentiu last week Rockets from Gaza hit Israel, army launches airstrikes in Passover clash Trial of Al Jazeera journalists resumes Correspondent Peter Greste and producers Mohammed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed appear in court in Egyptian capital Cairo. Fukushima disaster Tokyo hides truth as children die, become ill from radiation  exmayor Activity has increased at North Korea's nuclear test site ahead of a visit by US President Barack Obama to the region Twitter bans two whistleblower accounts exposing government corruption after complaints from the Turkish government Jamaica sees green in ganja  After more than a century, the island of music and marijuana seems ready for legalization Canadians rally to legalize marijuana Japan defence chief puzzled by Russian warplanes The country's air defence force scrambled fighter jets for seven days in a row after spotting Russian military planes. They are continuing flights, which we deem as abnormal and were unseen even in the Cold War era,  Defence Minister China has seized a Japanese ship over debt from 1936. Malaysia Airlines MH192 has made an air turn back to KUL, but is currently circling round burning fuel and unable to land due to problems with its landing gear and burst tyres. India and Georgia have made it compulsory for Pakistani travellers to get antipolio vaccine prior to entering their territory; several other countries may follow suit Snowden reporter promises more NSA revelations are coming. And Greenward hits back after Rep. Peter King denounces the Pulitzer Award calling it 'disgraceful'. North Korea accuses US and allies of worst human rights abuses; says defectors to South Korea who exposed human rights abuses are terrorists and that North Korea's masses are leading happy lives. The North said that human rights investigations would only make it achieve Final Victory faster. Photos Link Masked Men in East Ukraine to Russia and suggest that many of the men who have seized Ukrainian government sites are indeed Russian military and intelligence forces. Abuse of veal calves unveiled by hidden camera Baby calves... are kicked, punched, slapped and yelled at by barn employees. Some are grabbed by the testicles to force them into narrow wooden stalls. Several lie gasping for air on slats stained with urine and feces. [Canada] Spains Robin Hood takes from the banks and gives to the disenfranchised  They call him the Robin Hood of the banks, a man who took out dozens of loans worth almost half a million euros with no intention of ever paying them back. David Cameron fuelling sectarian division by bringing God into politics' Russia stares at recession as Ukraine crisis scars economy Ukrainian synagogue reportedly firebombed Bangladesh Factory Owner Charged With Murder Its been almost a full year since the tragic Bangladesh factory collapse killed 1,135 garment workers in the capital of Dhaka.This week, authorities announced that Rana [the negligent owner of the factory] would stand trial for his role in the disaster. Scottish independence pollYes on brink of victory Tesla poised to start delivery of Model S to Chinese motorists Unease in Vatican over cardinal's 'luxury flat' An Italian cardinal is moving into a 600squaremetre (6,500 square foot) Vatican apartment in apparent contradiction with Pope Francis's call for a poor Church Botswana bushmen 'If you deny us the right to hunt, you are killing us' Ukraine Conflict Becomes Hostage Crisis as Separatists Take Prisoners Ukrainian journalist and activist Irma Krat arrested by proRussian separatists for 'war crimes' Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed laws simplifying procedures for Russian speakers in the former Soviet Union to obtain Russian citizenship and on obligations for migrant laborers working in Russia. Nigeria Latest Boko Haram massacre; over 150 dead India Wants To Take On 'US Hegemony' Over The Internet... By Renaming It The Equinet Engineers are about to blast away the top of a Chilean mountain to create a site for the European Extremely Large Telescope. It will allow us, for the first time, to directly observe planets outside the solar system Six schools in Birmingham, U.K. implicated in Trojan Horse plot by extremists to Islamise secular state education . In 60 Days, South Sudan will Starve There is a looming crisis in South Sudan that, if not dealt with, could rival some of the worst famines in recent history. President Barack Obama has signed into law a measure that would bar entry to any UN ambassador whom the US says has engaged in terrorist activity. US Drone Obliterates Civilians in Yemen At least fifteen people, including those not specifically targeted, are killed or wounded in bombing Saudi man fined for allowing his wife to drive. Government to introduce law requiring porn sites to obtain proof that users are over 18 Turkey may leave World Wide Web says Communication Minister Thousands of Chinese spent their best years making Nike shoes and now have no pensions Poland wants 10,000 American troops deployed to defend against Russia Deadly gun attack in eastern Ukraine shakes fragile Easter truce Putins popularity at its peak, society rallies around patriotism Nearly 1/5 of China's farmland is now too polluted to farm; 82.8 percent of contaminated lands are polluted by pollutants like Arsenic, Cadmium, and Nickel. Although air pollution is highly visible and present, these pollutants eventually end up in the soil and pollute it as well. Meteorlike Object Explodes Over Russia Strike at Nike, Adidas China supplier halts output Bodies found inside sunken South Korean ferry  52 confirmed dead Criminals Are Using Drones To Find Weed Farms To Rob Some 3,000 Crimeans refuse to become Russian citizens About 3,000 residents of Crimea, including Sevastopol, have refused to receive Russian passports, Russian Federal Migration Service chief Konstantin Romodanovsky said. BBC News  Rubin Hurricane Carter has passed away Saudi Arabia announces jump in new cases of deadly MERS virus Saudi Arabia has confirmed seven new cases of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), adding up to 36 infections in five days, a sudden increase of a disease that kills about a third of the people infected and has no cure. South Africans Have Case for Aiding Apartheid Ford Motor Co. and IBM must face a class action from black South Africans accusing them of supplying the apartheid regime with military cars and computers, a federal judge ruled. Syrian Rebels Are Being Armed With USMade AntiTank Missiles Ukraine crisis Geneva deal hangs by a thread after deaths in Slavyansk ProRussian militants and unidentified assailants are reported killed in gun battle in eastern Ukrainian town Spanish Court Refuses to Close Guantnamo Torture Investigation Iran says reactor dispute 'virtually solved'  Middle East Lenovo Caught Installing Adware On New Computers Israeli Prime Minister Candidate Isaac Herzog says in an interview the country's people are fed up with Benjamin Netanyahu's politics of fear. If elected, he says he wants to reignite the peace process and is prepared to negotiate with the Palestinians. Netanyahu humiliated after he tries to play down wealth with video recorded in his decrepit home... which is revealed to be his servants' quarters Poverty in Germany at its highest since reunification. Some 12.5 million Germans are now classified as poor. Tens of thousands of people demanding justice marched Wednesday despite pouring rain in Buenos Aires to mark a month since the suspicious death of a prosecutor who was ready to accuse the Argentine president of a massive coverup. Germany rejects Greek loan request Uk defense minister Mr Putin is as great a threat to Europe as Islamic State | You have jets being flown up the English Channel and you have submarines in the north sea, it looks to me like the cold war it's warming up UK admits unlawfully monitoring legally privileged communications  Intelligence agencies have been monitoring conversations between lawyers and their clients for past five years, government admits So Paulo Is Running So Low on Water People Might Be Warned to Flee Cheering for the Islamic State on Facebook can get you jailed in the UK. SecretaryGeneral of Hezbollah, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, said that Mecca and Medina are the main targets of IS, not Jerusalem, pointing out that its caliphate cannot prevail without the Two Holy Mosques. Calls on Saudia Arabia and Kuwait to end the Sectarian rifts and to join forces to combat IS Google warns of US government 'hacking any facility' in the world. Hamas prevents Arabic fiction award finalist from leaving Gaza Australian David Hicks held at Guantanamo says he was tortured for five years. NATO urges Russia to 'withdraw all its forces' from eastern Ukraine There was another star in the solar system when humans first spread from Africa Germany's army underequipped; Europe's armies only have one tenth of the strength of the U.S. Army Kyrgyzstan detains imam for 'encouraging followers to fight for Isis UK Russia's most advanced antiaircraft artillery system is being used in Ukraine RAF jets scrambled after Russian aircraft seen off Cornwall During the trial of the Islamic State militants who attacked Turkish forces at Nigde last year, court files revealed that Turkey, beyond supplying opposition forces with weapons and ammunition, had also given artillery support to Al Qaeda affiliated groups that captured Kassab in Syria last year. Nearly A Third Of Canadian Netflix Users Pretend To Be American ISIS threatens to send 500,000 migrants to Europe as a 'psychological weapon' Hundreds of thousands march in argentina, to honour the death of prosecutor nisman and to protest the goverment Pope Francis strongly criticizes gender theory, comparing it to nuclear arms Malawi bans child marriage, lifts minimum age to 18 Ineffective homeopathic alternatives to vaccines should be taken off the market because they are a dangerous distraction, Canadian public health officials urge as infectious diseases such as measles make a comeback. 15 year old girl strip searched at Canadian school; Education minister defends practice, says it is OK if done respectfully; girl feels violated and destroyed. Thailand To Give Chinese Tourists Etiquette Manuals Norwegian Muslims volunteer to protect synagogue Nigeria kills 300 Boko Haram militants in recapture of 11 towns military Four members of a polio immunization team have been found murdered after being kidnapped in southwest Pakistan, officials said Wednesday. Italy Fears ISIS Invasion From Libya UK parliament calls for Internet to be classified as a public utility After searing tragedy, Everests deadliest route is now offlimits. The mountain has been deteriorating rapidly the past three years due global warming and the breakdown in the Khumbu Icefall is dramatic France Is Getting More Intolerant and Racist, According to Human Rights Report Germany's army is in very bad shape Soldiers painted broomsticks black to replace missing machine gun barrels during Nato manoeuvre in Norway. Using nanoparticles to simulate the way the sky diffuses sunlight, an Italian company has developed a new type of artificial lighting that is indistinguishable from natural daylight to the human eye, cameras or computers The massive plume on the surface of Mars no one can explain Claims ISIS are now organ harvesting after shallow mass graves contained bodies with surgical incisions and missing kidneys Ukraine retreating from siege town Study finds 'the principal drivers of political violence are rooted not in poverty, but in experiences of injustice discrimination, corruption and abuse by security forces.' CNN/ORC poll Majority of Americans oppose Netanyahu invite Polands complicity in CIA torture programme confirmed as European Court rejects Warsaws appeal Putin tells Kiev to let troops surrender as Ukraine ceasefire unravels U.S. says 'proxy war' with Russia not in Ukraine's interest Suicide Bomber Kills Up to 8 in Xinjiang, China Peter Oborne Quits The Daily Telegraph Over Newspaper's 'Fraudulent' Coverage Of The HSBC Scandal ISIS launches major assault on Kurdish front Quebec education minister says students can be stripped search in schools without police present Resentment has mounted so much in South Korea against what has come to be known as gabjil, highhandedness by the rich and powerful, that parliamentarians are proposing legislation to punish some of the worst abuses. Anonymous hacking group shuts down over 800 Islamic State Twitter accounts Shots fired near Copenhagen synagogue U.S. Drops to 49th in World Press Freedom Rankings, Worst Since Obama Became President The countries immediately ahead of the U.S. are Malta, Niger, Burkino Faso, El Salvador, Tonga, Chile and Botswana Inside the ISIS plot to attack the heart of Europe Wiretaps of phone conversations and listening devices indicated the cell members were in the final stages of preparing a major terrorist attack in Belgium Copenhagen shootings Police kill 'gunman' after two attacks Braunschweig Carnival parade canceled over 'Islamist' terror alert Montreal borough cancels Muslim groups reservation at community centre after learning two fundamentalist imams were hosting the event Majority of Canadians appear to back mandatory childhood vaccination Sifting Ukrainian Fact From Ukrainian Fiction Video of Senator James Inhofe presenting photographs to the Senate on Wednesday of what he said were Russian tanks in Ukraine. Two of the images were in fact taken in 2008 during Russia's war with Georgia The Islamic State Inches Toward a Showdown With the U.S. Marine Corps Over 700 artists announce a cultural boycott of Israel. They say they will not accept invitations to Israel, or funding from institutions linked to its government. Greek Minister (Syriza) pledges to shut immigrant detention centers''I'm here to express my shame, not as a minister but as a human being, he said. I couldn't believe what I saw. I really could not believe it. This must change and it must change immediately. The Japanese and U.S. governments are making arrangements to issue a joint statement that will set forth a stronger JapanU.S. alliance, based on their bilateral relationship over the 70 years since the end of World War II. Second Argentine prosecutor renews probe of President there is enough evidence to continue investigation into whether President Cristina Fernandez hid Iran's alleged role in a deadly 1994 bombing, a probe that paused after a different prosecutor died mysteriously last month Denmark contradicts Netanyahu, urges Jews to stay put despite terror attacks Japanese officials cried alarm on Sunday as Chinese patrol ships entered the waters of the Japanesecontrolled Senkaku Islands, and Chinese officials vowed to increase their presence in the area. Isis threatens to attack France, Belgium American AH64 Apache helicopters attack ISIS base; attack helicopters equipped with numerous heavy weapons, including 30 mm machine guns, Hellfire airtosurface antiarmor missiles and in some cases Hydra 70 rockets. Georgias exPresident Saakashvili who is wanted in his home country, has been appointed an aide to the Ukraine President to help the wartorn country on its path to reform. Gunmen attacked a vehicle carrying a polio vaccination team in northwestern Pakistan on Saturday, killing the driver and wounding a health care worker, according to police officials. Ukrainian leader says ceasefire in effect One of the worlds largest airlines makes its flight attendants ask permission before getting married Boko Haram plans massacre of 200,000 Christians Binyamin Netanyahu in climbdown over prize judges Israels PM has been ordered by the countrys attorney general to reinstate three judges he removed from the Israel prize because of their leftwing views Protests across Pakistan to denounce Taliban. Shooting at Danish blasphemy seminar Canada's 'Fox News North' Sun TV Network closes due to poor ratings Canadian Police Say They've Foiled Valentine's Day Mass Shooting Plot HSBC whistleblower There are 'more revelations' Apple CEO Tim Cook challenges Obama with impassioned stand on privacy Angela Merkel says sanctions on Russia scheduled for Monday will come into force At least 500 classical books, which were stolen from Italian libraries three years ago, were returned by German authorities on Friday. Polish Renaissance mathematician, Nicolaus Copernicus, and Italian physicist, Galileo Galilei, authored some of the books that are worth over 2.5 million euros. TPP protects rights holders, not consumers, says Senator Ludlam Kurds recapture more villages in Kobani from ISIL North Korea cancels mass games for 2015 1 billion people are expected to tune into India vs. Pakistan World Cup cricket match Doctors Worldwide Blast TPP's 'Chilling Effect' on Health, Climate Protections While US corporations have been involved in negotiations, 'health agencies have been forced to rely on leaks,' physicians point out ISIS releases video claiming to show 17 Kurdish fighters Paraded in cages 'to be burned alive' like Jordanian pilot Isis chops off women's hands 'for using mobile phones' in northern Iraqi city of Mosul 198 Whales stranded on a New Zealand Beach. ISIS Fighters Sneak Into Iraqi Base Wearing Iraqi Army Uniforms Hillary Clinton thinks Europe 'too wimpy' with Putin, London mayor says US Russia Resupplying ProRussian Forces as CeaseFire Nears ISIS to be banned in India Millions in Ebola funds unaccounted for in Sierra Leone Poroshenko Will Impose Martial Law If CeaseFire Fails Israeli house strikes killed mostly civilians Govt remove Greenpeace activist Priya Pillai's deplaning from UKbound flight, to prevent her from testifying against the Indian government's Mining project's that are destroying Forest land. HSBCs Swiss branch must repatriate the US$3 billion deposited in the 4,040 undeclared accounts held by Argentine citizens and companies, AFIP tax bureau chief Ricardo Echegaray said An Australian learner driver who stitched his own chainsaw wound and drank gin for the pain before driving to hospital has lost a Supreme Court appeal against a drinkdriving charge. Ukraine Truce 'Broken 139 Times' On First Day Magnitude 6.9 earthquake recorded in Northern Japan, tsunami warning issued 71% of Chileans Approve Legislation to Decriminalize Abortion Mexican Marijuana Production Slumps in Face of US Legalization Japans conservative Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Tuesday his government would uphold Tokyos official apology for the damage and suffering it inflicted on its neighbors during World War II. Major war likely in Ukraine, says Prime Minister of Slovakia. CIA Bought and Destroyed Iraqi Chemical Weapons CIA purchased nerveagent rockets from sellers part of an undisclosed effort to ensure remaining chemical weapons did not fall into terrorists hands. The arms purchase plan, known as Operation Avarice, began in 2005 and continued into 2006. Islamic State militants 'burn to death 45 in Iraq' Robert Mugabe's birthday party cooks up elephantine storm before it starts  Donation of meat from elephants, buffalo, sables, impalas and a lion for Zimbabwean presidents 91st angers more than just conservationists A Palestinian rap band has threatened to take legal action against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's rightwing Likud party for releasing a campaign ad in which their song is associated with ISIS All 6000 of Jodrans mosques to run on solar energy. China Reporters attacked for snapping police chief feasting on rare giant salamander Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei says Islam has ordered Muslims to treat the followers of other religions with fairness and justice. France debates ban on Muslim veils in universities Greece rejects EU bailout offer as absurd Scientists identify drug that could block multiple sclerosis Vicente Fox Stumps to Legalize All Drugs Worldwide 5 French teens held for vandalizing Jewish graves The president of Egypt has called on the UN to authorize an international coalition to fight Islamic State in Libya. ElSissi said the coalition that fought Moammar Gadhafi.had abandoned the Libyan people. At least 18 dead in Haiti Carnival accident Russian Prosecutors Seek 10 Year Sentence for Putin Critic Alexey Navalny Turkey women share harassment stories after grim murder  Women dress in black, take to streets and post stories of harassment online after murder of student Hezbollah leader denounces mass beheading of Egyptian Christian hostages in Libya, says Israel's Mossad and CIA behind Islamic State Putin Fires Medvedev Ally as Kremlin Rift Grows 64 ISIS Members Killed As Egypt Launches First Foreign Strikes In 24 Years ISIS in Libya releases a video of beheading 21 Egyptian Christians. Croatia Has Its First Female President Former intelligence officer says PM Harper of Canada is using fascist techniques to fast track his antiterror bill, and it will cause more terrorism, not less. Bill Clinton Apologizes To Mexico For War On Drugs Hundreds of Jewish tombs damaged in northern France MI5 is facing allegations it was complicit in the sexual abuse of children, the high court in Northern Ireland will hear on Tuesday. Victims of the abuse are taking legal action to force a full independent inquiry with the power to compel witnesses to testify Poland kicks off unprecedented military spending spree Heavy shelling hits Ukraine town where rebels reject ceasefire The United States has stopped updating Israel about developments in nuclear negotiations with Iran in response to Netanyahu's planned congress speech, after Boehner admits he failed to tell administration he had invited PM. India to build worlds largest solar power plant EU acknowledges 'Russian forces in Ukraine' Japan 'pledges $15m to fight armed groups' following murder of Japanese citizens The man who is suspected of having shot two people dead in Copenhagen was 22 years old and born in Denmark, Copenhagen Police said on Sunday. Egypt says they have found a 2.5kilometer smuggling tunnel leading into the Gaza Strip, the longest such passageway discovered in their crackdown on crossborder smuggling. The tunnel was operated by the military wing of the Palestinian Hamas movement, which Egypt says is a terrorist organization. Experts call for return to human intelligence after Snowden Israeli hospital rebuilds injured Syrian man's face Egypt 'bombs IS targets in Libya' Thai officials tell teens to buy smaller condoms  A Ministry of Public Health spokesman said teenagers feel pressured to buy larger condoms to avoid being mocked by their friends for having a small penis Spy agencies fund climate research in hunt for weather weapon, scientist fears  Alan Robock raises concern over who'd control climatealtering technologies if research is paid for by intelligence agencies. I think this should be out in the open & it has to be international... Ukraine says won't pull back heavy weapons because of rebel fire. Air France jet makes emergency landing in Russia  Boeing 777 bound for Paris lands safely in Yekaterinburg in the Urals Moscow Ready to Squeeze Out Migrants If Unemployment Surges Nicaraguans demand action over illness killing thousands of sugar cane workers Families say government failing to address concerns that harsh working conditions are behind chronic kidney disease epidemic. A trafficker who raped and attacked young migrant girls he had led through the desert to Libya to make the perilous crossing to Italy was sentenced to 30 years by an Italian court. Obama sends Congress draft war authorization that says Islamic State 'poses grave threat' Puerto Rico considers fining parents of obese children up to $800 Meteor explodes over New Zealand Pagan 'Sea God' statue to be replaced and reinforced after global support Tesla only sold 120 cars in China in January, CEO Elon Musk Threatens to fire Executives Sharia4Belgium trial Belgian court jails members. The judge called the organisation a terrorist group and sentenced leader Fouad Belkacem to 12 years in jail. Turkey investigating computer game Minecraft for being too violent USA Guantnamo 9/11 military hearing halted after defendant claims court interpreter worked at CIA black site French govt allowed to block sites featuring terrorism with no court order Italy To Supply Kurdish Peshmerga with Advanced Weapons, Including Kurdistan's FirstEver Military Helicopter Pakistan likely sheltered Osama Bin Laden ExISI chief The Palestinians will open an embassy in Stockholm Tuesday night, cementing closer ties just months after Sweden became the first western European Union country to recognize Palestine as a state. US army to start training Ukrainian troops, commander says US plans to establish military base in Kurdistan Thousands of Muslims protest Charlie Hebdo cartoons in London. 100,000 British Muslims sign petition against drawing of Mohammed Watching Assange is sucking our resources, U.K. chief says as police weigh costs Poachers kill rare Mali elephants  19 Gourma elephants have been killed in the past month. There are estimated to be just 350500 elephants left. Sweden has announced a 1.5 billion kronor ($180 million) Palestinian aid package. The leader of the French conservative UMP partys youth wing has stepped down after a newspaper revealed his residency permit had expired, and that he was therefore an undocumented immigrant in the country Australian mammals on brink of 'extinction calamity'  It's lost 1 in 10 of its native mammals species over the last 200 yrs in what conservationists describe as an extinction calamity. No other nation has had such a high rate of loss of land mammals over this time period. US Deploys A10s to Europe Amid Debate to Arm Ukraine More Israeli aid set to reach Kurdish Yazidi, Christian refugees of Islamic State Pakistan's main intelligence agency probably knew where Osama Bin Laden was hiding and hoped to use him as a bargaining chip before he was killed by US forces in 2011, a former spymaster has said. Unemployment causes 45,000 suicides a year worldwide, finds study Researchers say unemployment linked to more suicides than recession and that risk among jobless is stronger where more people are in work U.S Closes Embassy in Yemen. Mugabe falls '27 bodyguards punished' after Zimbabwe president stumbles on carpet Twitter says Russia repeatedly tried to erase tweets by critics of Putin. Israeli who placed bomb at Palestinian girls' school released from prison early. The Indian Supreme Court Just Told Muslims They Can't Have Multiple Wives Young girls who choose to get the HPV vaccinewhich helps prevent genital warts, cervical cancer and a host of other deadly diseasesdo not suffer from higher rates of sexually transmitted infections, according to a new study. American ISIS Hostage Kayla Mueller Is Dead, Family Confirms Retired Master Cpl. Paul Franklin, who lost both legs in Afghanistan to a suicide bomber in 2006, says every year he has to prove to Canadian Veterans Affairs that he still has no legs and needs a wheelchair. Jordan Moves Thousands of Troops to Border With Iraq India anticorruption party routs BJP  Wins 95% seats in a historical win ISIS recruiter, freed from Gitmo, killed in drone strike in Afghanistan Obama Asks Germany to Stop 'Assuming the Worst' About NSA Spying An original copy of the Magna Carta has been discovered in a scrapbook in Kent, England. Ukrainian soldiers seize Russian tank in nocturnal raid Ukrainian journalist faces 15 years in jail after calls to boycott the draft Aboriginals sue Canadian government over adoptions to white families during 1960s Aboriginals who were adopted into white families during the 1960s Scoop are suing the federal government for the loss of their culture and emotional trauma. Australia's Great Barrier Reef could be severely damaged if the government does not completely ban the dumping of dredge waste in the World Heritagelisted waters, a report commissioned by conservation group WWF say. Samsung warn consumers not to discuss personal info in front of its voice activated TV's ISIS suspect ''The Turkish Intelligence Agency, MT, helped us smuggle arms to radical groups in Syria'' UK spent 300 times more on fossil fuels than clean energy despite green pledge HSBC leak shows Venezuela among top clients in secret Swiss bank accounts Obama 'may supply arms to Ukraine' The Justice Department is pushing some of the biggest banks on Wall Street  including, for the first time in decades, American institutions  to plead guilty to criminal charges that they manipulated the prices of foreign currencies. Obama If Putin Really Wanted Ukraine, He Could Take It Obama Says Russia Has Clearly Violated Agreement On Ukraine Hong Kongbased bitcoin exchange MyCoin has allegedly shut its doors and stolen HKD 3 billion ($386.9 million) in the process 'Operation Death Eaters' Anonymous Wade Into Child Sex Abuse Scandal And Threaten To Expose High Profile Abusers Google waited six months to tell WikiLeaks it passed employee data to FBI | Tech giant facing renewed questions about user data as WikiLeaks lawyer says The question I have is what caused this sixmonth delay? Every ocean now has a massive plastic garbage patch Isis Eight wouldbe suicide bombers killed while entering Iraqi base hosting US forces Vatican mulling new department to tackle environmental issues. Pope Francis has said that man is destroying nature and betraying God's calling to be stewards of creation. Revenge porn, posting sexual images without consent, outlawed in Britain  CBC News Chess to be taught in Spanish schools Spains government is set to add chess to the school curriculum after politicians of all stripes unanimously agreed on the proposal. Iceland jails former bank bosses; Four bosses of fallen bank Kaupthing sentenced to 4  5 1/2 years in prison for market abuse after failed appeal. One year in prison for Korean Air heiress whose tantrum over macadamia nuts delayed flight Canadian Prime Minister vows to appeal court ruling allowing women to wear niqab during citizenship oath, calls it offensive Elderly woman filmed confronting ISIS militants and branding them 'devils' Scientists at a US science conference have said it is now time to actively try to contact intelligent life on other worlds. Unemployment Is Killing 45,000 People Each Year  The number of suicides related to unemployment remains stubbornly high despite the improving economy, according to a study published this week. Study World dumps 8.8 million tons of plastics into oceans Brazilians Hoard Water, Prepare for Possible Drastic Rationing Turkish police use water cannon on protestors decrying religion in schools Kill Dolphins, Whales To Reduce Competition For Fishermen, Suggests Mayor Of Beachside Town In Philippines Ukraine Provenance of Photos Showing Atrocities Questioned [NSFW] Rosetta stonestyle stele unearthed in the Mediterranean coast Fracking will be allowed under national parks, UK decides Woman linked to Paris attacks appears in ISIS propaganda Saudi Arabia engineered oil crisis Dallas Fed chief United Nations Envoy 'President Bashar Al Assad of Syria is part of the solution' Boy flogged 60 times in town square for calling ISIS the wrong name Islamic State Claims To Have Abducted 21 Coptic Christians In Libya England bans smoking in cars containing children. Ukraine 50 Russian tanks and 40 missile systems rolled into the country while Putin talked peace Russian President Vladimir Putin announces ceasefire for eastern Ukraine to start on 15 February Paris Votes To Sue Fox News King of Spain takes 20percent salary cut in push for modest monarchy Two Sydney Men With Islamic State Flag Give Terror Threat In Video, Get Arrested Minutes Before Attack Lawyer moved Halliburton subsidiary bribes through secret Swiss HSBC accounts Files open new window on $182 million Halliburton bribery scandal in Nigeria Turkish parents complain of push towards religious schools Dominik Hasek will give his olympic gold to whoever will return czech children taken by norwegian authorities to their mother Vietnamese police catch poachers with endangered Pangolins. The poachers were fined, but the live animals were then sold to local restaurants Beating heart cells created in Simon Fraser University lab Kim Jongun urges N. Korean troops to get combatready Toxic orange cloud spreads after chemical blast near Barcelona SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches 10 people from Quebec who contracted measles from the Disney Land outbreak were all unvaccinated European Parliament to investigate CIAs torture and rendition operations in EU 70% of Kuwait has just been hit with an electrical power outage. ExKorean Air executive gets 1 year in prison over 'nut rage' ProRussian Rebels Refuse to Sign Peace Agreement US weapons to Ukraine 'would be matched by Russian arms to rebels'  International Institute for Strategic Studies warns that Moscow could arm separatists more quickly than US could reinforce Ukraines forces Network of 250 Spanish butchers and phone shops funding jihadists in Syria  ISIS sympathizers using hawala system to secretly transfer money to terrorists, say police; Spanish police conducting 368 investigations into Islamist terrorism ISIL executes 23 of its members in north Iraq Japans nuclear regulator on Thursday cleared a second set of reactors for restart, another step toward returning the country to nuclear power after the Fukushima disaster of 2011 led to the shutdown of all units. Israels Intelligence Affairs Minister Yuval Steinitz warns that Israel might act unilaterally against Iran if Nuclear Deal goes ahead Over 100 neolithic cult sites containing sexual carvings, graves and humanlike figures, and dating back roughly 8,000 years, have been found in the Eilat Mountains in southern Israel. b'Wow, it turns out the guy who was paralyzed but fully aware for 23 years isn't.. he's a vegetable and the people saying he's communicating are really faking his communication. ' Prof Nutt (Gov't scientist who was sacked over Cannabis research) cuts presenter down to size on Sky News b'UK jails schizophrenic for refusal to decrypt files' The world's biggest animal sacrifice begins today b'Screw you Murdoch. BBC have no plans to charge for online news' b'Leaked documents reveal Tony Blair lied about Iraq' b'Microbiologist who warned that flu vaccine was bioweapon & arrested by FBI for allegedly trying to bomb White House was expert in manipulation of virii, with 28 publications' India's parliament is up in arms over the leak of a report, 17 years in the making, on the destruction of a mosque, the Babri Masjid, in 1992. The report exposes the complicity of India's rightwing Bharatiya Janata Party in the riot and clashes that followed. b'Bank of England gave SECRET bailout loans to RBS and HBOS' b'DNA nation British police keep a much larger DNA database than anyone else. USA is 5th' An activist in China has been sentenced to 3 years in prison for blogging about poorly built schools that collapsed during China's massive earthquake last year, which killed thousands of children. Australian airport takes away a paralympian's wheelchair and he ends up crawling through the airport to board his plane. 'Cruel, illegal, immoral' Human Rights Watch condemns UK's role in torture. Pressure for inquiry grows as torturers themselves allege British complicity. b'Police routinely arresting people to get DNA' b'China executes two over tainted milk powder scandal' There are fears in Japan that a potentially deadly Australian invader is beginning to close in on some of the country's most crowded urban areas. b'In Afghanistan, People hate the Americans from the bottom of their hearts ' b'The number of deaths by cause over the past 300 days  this really puts the swine flu pandemic into perspective' Political dynasties die hard in Philippines  Against death toll from Monday's violence, now at 46, political warlordism looms large b'UK role in torture of its own citizens in Pakistan condemned by HRW as cruel, counterproductive and in clear breach of international law' b'Drunk police accused of beating a man to death.' b'Call girl who made Berlusconi look bad receives death threats' b'Blackwater secret war in Pakistan exposed  Taliban  assertions that Blackwater bombed civilians need to  be investigated' b'Kelvin Thomson stepped up his populationcontrol campaign last week, releasing a 14point plan to cap Australias population at 26 million.' Russia is Telling Blond, BlueEyed People to Breed. It's Working.