 b'Im proud the Dutch collect over  41 mln for Haiti, government doubles it all, totaling  83,448,252 (Dutch link)' b'A TSA worker was staring at her. Then he pulled a small, clear plastic bag from her carryon. Inside the bag was fine, white powder. ' If this guy doesn't look badass I don't know who does. b'A BBC Newsnight investigation has found that a so called bomb detector, thousands of which have  been sold to Iraq, cannot possibly work.' b'Russian Policeman who accused the country's police force and judiciary of massive corruption is arrested after already being fired' b'So, Hamas representative DENIES that he offered recognition of Israel's right to exist on Palestinian land and nullify its charter' b'China condemns US call for unrestricted internet' b'India We hide in jungles during day, come to village at night. We dont want to be arrested by police who come to our villages during day. Security forces destroyed foodgrains from previous harvest. Civil rights team members strangled, assaulted repeatedly  right outside police station.' b'China is now making a very real effort to export its culture to the worlds poorest continent. It will be interesting to see how mutual the traffic is.' b'Human rights campaigners who have been struggling for years to eliminate female genital mutilation in West Africa got a boost this week as news emerged that a group of Muslim clerics and scholars in Mauritania had declared a fatwa, or religious decree, against the practice. ' b'The scanner caught a subject's cell phone and Swiss Army knife  and the microphone he was wearing  but missed all the components to make a bomb that he hid on his body... Fullbody scanners they're not just a dumb idea, they don't actually work. ' b'China rebuffs Clinton warning that who disrupt the free flow of information in our society pose a threat to our economy, our government and our civil society. Countries or individuals that engage in cyberattacks should face consequences and international condemnation' b'Heavy Fighting in Nigeria between Christian and Muslims continues. More than 460 people died and 18,000 are homeless due to the continuing violence which began on Sunday.' German TV highlights failings of body scanners (Worth looking even if you don't speak german) b'Haiti earthquake aid pledged by country' b'Venezuela steps up aid effort to Haiti, questions US military deployment' b'The North Koreans broke my body. But they could not reach my soul, she says. ' Hugo Chavez says U.S. possess an earthquake weapon that caused Haiti's earthquake b'You are seeing apartheid in action, you cant believe what you are seeing, he said. Israel has no right to be doing a thing in the West Bank, under any international law; they shouldnt be taking an inch of it. ' Europe applauds Obama 's initiative to restrict the activities of big U.S. banks and calls for an international agreement b'Turkish police on Friday rounded up 120 people suspected of links to the alQaida terror network in simultaneous predawn raids in 16 provinces' b'Juarez, the Bagdad of Mexico, right on the US border, is now occupied by the Mexican Army to protect it from drug gangs.' b'Israel has paid the United Nations $10.5 million for property damage and injuries the world body suffered during Israel's attack on Gaza a year ago. The U.N. agrees that the financial issues relating to those incidents ... are concluded, spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters. Eh?' b'Police kill man in Haiti over allegedly stolen rice, article includes graphic footage of the incident' b'Everyone knows about hitting a child at 30 mph versus hitting them at 40 mph, but how many people know you should always drag a bloodied intruder back into your house before calling the police?' b'Haiti 360....AMAZING!' b'Exwife lies about child sex abuse during custody battle. Although acquitted, husband loses kids, house and job while fighting allegations and decides to charge her for perjury.  Exwife threatens to Kill Bill.' b'Somali Pirates want to send loot confiscated from rich countries to Haiti The humanitarian aid to Haiti can not be controlled by the United States and European countries; they have no moral authority to do so. They are the ones pirating mankind for many years' UK Terror level raised to 'severe' So...is there an election coming up? b'Orwell has nothing on this CCTV in the sky  police forces in the UK planning on using militarystyle spy drones for routine monitoring of civilians. ' China's absolute levels of poverty and illiteracy have doubled since 2000. In India, they've been halved. The urbanrural income gap has steadily declined since the early '90s. Over the past decade, economic growth in rural India has outpaced growth in urban areas by almost 40%. b'I was a British Ambassador at the time of the events covered by the Iraq Inquiry. I know many of the witnesses and a great deal of the background. I can therefore see right through the smooth presentation. Jack Straw was the smoothest of all  but he told lie after lie. ' b'Venezuelan oil could be double that of Saudi Arabia' b'Hamas Will not recognize Israel' b'Despite the fact China is facing fast aging and sex ratio imbalance, the country will continue its lowbirth policy due to the pressure of population growth.n' b'Iraq littered with contamination Over 40 sites with radiation or dioxins linked to cancer, birth defects, ill health.' b'Legal row as social networkers escape in suicide machine' b'Almost a third of the runners who finished in the top 100 have since been disqualified for cheating in the race in the southern port city of Xiamen.' b'The number of people surviving on less than $1 a day shrank rapidly in the decades leading up to 2006' b'Haitian woman, aged 84, found alive in quake rubble after 10 days' nIsraelis protest over 'fascist' Jerusalem settlements b'Found this great and simple live news ticker, thought Reddit might like it! ' b'The Iraqi government has spent over $80 million on useless techedup dowsing rods to detect bombs.' b'China vs. Google Beijing fights back' b'US Marines End Role in Iraq as Attention Shifts to Afghanistan' b'Choose between veil and right to vote, rules SC of India.' b'Haiti's suffering is a result of calculated impoverishment. Haiti's poverty is treated as some baffling quirk of history...when in reality it is the direct consequence of a uniquely brutalnrelationship with the outside world  notably the US, France and Britain nstretching back centuries.' The IMF has made a loan of $100 million to Haiti. It's interestfree, but that's not good enough. Haiti needs grants, not loans. They say they are working to cancel all Haitian debt, but we need to hold them accountable. b'Nearly 80 percent of the 300,000 conflictrelated deaths in Darfur were due to diseases like diarrhea, not violence, Belgian scientists said on Friday.' Belarus Calls Russia's Oil Export Duties Illegal  NYTimes.com b'Cannibalism, child junkies, beaches full of human shit, murder for fun.. Fascinating documentary by Vice magazine about Liberia, one of the most hardcore fucking places on the planet.' A bunch of people came to my village to hang out. They weren't very nice. b'Evidence relating to the death of UK Govt weapons inspector David Kelly is to be kept secret for 70 years...unbelievable!' b'Truth over delusion Hugo Chavez did not accuse the U.S. of causing the Haitian earthquake' Photographers fed up with being stopped and searched by British police under UK's terrorism laws gathered in London to protest against the practice b'China to US shut up about socalled Internet freedom' Scientologists 'heal' Haiti quake victims using touch b'15% of the Entire Population of Port Au Prince has been killed' b'Our message is clear We are planting here, we will stay here, we will build here, this place will be an inseparable part of the state of Israel forever, Binyamin Netanyahu. Is there any hope for peace??!!' b'Iraq war was illegal, top lawyer will tell Chilcot inquiry' b'Haiti deathtoll hits 150,000' b'US to lift 21year ban on haggis Smuggled and bootlegged, it has been the cause of transatlantic tensions for more than two decades. But after 21 years in exile, the haggis is to be allowed back into the United States.' Photographers attend a mass picturetaking gathering organised by the group I'm A Photographer, Not A Terrorist! in protest of stop and search action by police in Central London on January 23, 2010. b'Text Messages in China to Be Scanned for Illegal Content' b'I am sorry, but Tibetans are not the peaceloving, serenely religious culture people make them out to be  ' b'Italy Government wants to clamp down on online video... WTF?!' b'More Saudi airstrikes in Yemen.  113 Saudis dead  since start of conflict.  What exactly is going on  there?' b'Video Game Addict Stabs Mother To Death, Plays More CounterStrike' b'Cable networks cut antiChavez station RCTV off the air after order from the government.' b'News from the regime that launches agressive wars against its neighbors routinely Israeli minister suggested that Israel was heading for a new war with Lebanon' b'Dear CNN, every time that Bin Laden makes a new terror video, how about you fucking keep it to yourself? ' b'Jihad du Jour Suicide Bomber Takes Out Two Children...' b'Drugs brings more money to Mexico than oil.' b'The Vice Guide to Liberia ' b'UNICEF says there should be a moratorium on new adoptions, warning that vulnerable children could be at risk of trafficking or abuse' We raised $100K for haiti without breaking a sweat. Wikileaks has shutdown due to lack of funds. Let's fix this. b'Israel has assassinated a senior Hamas military commander in Dubai' b'11 Iranian Protesters sentenced to Death' b'Bills Gates pledges $10 *billion* to vaccine research, largest donation in history' b'Supreme Court of Canada ruled on that the interrogation of the only Canadian citizen, 15 years old, held at the Guantnamo Bay violated his rights' b'Medical students routinely practice doing internal  pelvic examinations while surgery patients are  unconscious, and without getting specific consent' b'LIVE Tony Blair Faces Iraq Inquiry (0930 GMT to 1700 GMT)' b'BBC website readers air their views on Tony Blair and the war in Iraq and the consensus seems to be that he should be tried for war crimes.' b'The Hamas leader that Israel apparently killed in Dubai? Well, yeah, Hamas says he died of cancer in the Palestinian media...' Blackwater's Youngest Victim Nineyearold Ali Kinani died from a gunshot wound to the head in the Nisour Square massacre. His father may be the one man standing between Blackwater and total impunity. b'Families of Iraq war dead voice anger at Blair I would simply like Tony Blair to look me in the eye and say he was sorry. Instead, he is in there smirking' b'Russia unveils Fifth Generation Fighter  PAK FA  [VID]' b'The Taliban has won the war in Afghanistan, now the coalition of the willing is negotiating the terms of its surrender which it will present to the Taliban, it involves over half a billion dollars in payment in exchange for an end to hostilities.' Blind faith in a mere mortal brought too many parents to jail. Meet Dr. C. Smith; quack pathologist and head of Canada's largest children's hospital. b'65 years after the Holocaust ended, many Jews are asking Is its memory being abused? Does Israel use Holocaust as a blackmail weapon? Norman Finkelstein and Israel W. Charny debate. [video]' Tony Blair opened himself up to a charge of misleading Parliament today when he told the Iraq Inquiry that the threat posed by Saddam Hussein's WMD programme had not increased after 9/11. Jail liar Tony Blair!! b'People who administer bonecrushing handshakes to prove the strength of their personalities should be charged with assault, says a Labour MP.' b'Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair denies he made a secret deal with Bush about Iraq' b'Argentine President  says Bacon Is Better Than Viagra' b'Italy opens first prison for transsexuals!' b'Eat Indian, love Indians campaign in Australia' b'Ireland has embarked on the most difficult public art commission in the history of the state  a monument to those abused for decades at schools and orphanages run by religious orders; even more difficult now because one group of victims says the funds should instead be donated to Haiti.' Russian police this week raided the offices of a prominent environmental group that had protested government plans to reopen a controversial paper mill on the shores of Siberia's Lake Baikal. Homeopathy protesters to take 'mass overdose' outside Boots (sort of a reminder) b'All countries chip in for the Haiti relief effort Ghana ($3 million); Democratic Republic of Congo ($2.5 million pledge); and Sierra Leone ($100,000). Others are Cambodia ($50,000); Liberia ($50,000) and Senegal ($1 million)' b'Bloomberg Maybe A Secret Banking Cabal Does Run The World After All   wait, WHAT?' b'To gasps from the gallery, Blair said we should be  proud of the war ' China threatened to impose sanctions on U.S. arms firms and cut cooperation with Washington unless it cancels a $6.4 billion arms sale to Taiwan, in an unprecedented move signaling Beijing's growing global power. Britain's newspapers have expressed shock at Tony Blair's defiant insistence he had no regrets about removing Saddam Hussein, blasting what they saw as the former prime minister's blind selfbelief. b'do not watch this if you ever want to feel safe on a plane again' b'Togo football team quit the last African Nations Cup due to two members of its delegation being murdered; now the team is fined US$50,000 and banned from the next two African Nations Cup.' b'Tony Blair refuses to regret overthrowing Saddam Hussein and says that even without him having weapons of mass destruction he would have still invaded Iraq? I fail to see how that was his business...' b'Nineteenyearold Arash Rahmanipour was executed in Iran on January 28 after being convicted of waging war against God and attempting to overthrow the Iranian regime' US halts Haiti victim evacuations in 'medical bill row' b'U.S. Approval of Arms Sales to Taiwan Angers China' b'Where Is The Color Green? ' Okay Blair, you're supposed to be a peace envoy, you now want to go to war with Iran? b'Another Finkelstein video Less dramatic and more rationale this time, explains how real survivors are being cheated by fakers and phonies' b'The Russians are supplying Libya arms worth $1.8 billion' b'China Is Leading the Race to Make Renewable Energy!' b'China freezes US military ties nAfter Taiwan arms sale, China lays sanctions, ends arms control talks.' b'China mulls military base on Pak soil  Is it a tactic to counteract Indian and US influence in the area?nttttt' b'NATO airstrike kills 4 Afghan soldiers in mixup' b'Paulson Russia tried to collapse US banks' b'Mounting Stresses, Failing States' b'Tony Blair was branded a murderer and liar but unrepentant, unforgiven, Blair says Id do it again' b'Italy follows France with a bid to ban the burqa' b'USTaiwan arms deal leads China to threaten sanctions against US companies' With increasing numbers of natural disasters and more people in harm's way, the capacity of donor nations and the world at large to respond to future crises may be stretched too thin.n The trial of Geert Wilders What started as a plan to bully Islam's critics into silence has resulted in the Qur'an being put on trial. b'Remember that adorable 9yearold who sang at the opening ceremonies? That was fake, too.' Russia 'ends Georgia operation' b'If we had no sexual harassment we would have no children...' AlQa'eda is losing support in Iraq because of a brutal crackdown on activities it regards as unIslamic  including women buying cucumbers b'Ceasefire in Georgia Putin Outmaneuvers the West' b'Why Microsoft and Intel tried to kill the XO $100 laptop' b'Stratfor The RussoGeorgian War and the Balance of Power   ' I'm Trying to Get a Sense of This Whole GeorgiaRussia War Vote Up If You Think Georgia Started It, Or Down If you Think Russia Did The US military was surprised by the timing and swiftness of the Russian military's move into South Ossetia and is still trying to sort out what happened, a US defense official said Monday b'U.S. Beats War Drum as Iran Dumps the Dollar' b'Gorbachev Georgian military attacked the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali with multiple rocket launchers designed to devastate large areas' b'CNN use footage of Tskhinvali ruins to cover Georgian report [VIDEO]' b'Beginning a war as the Olympics were opening violates the ancient tradition of a truce to conflict during the Games.  The IOC could respond by taking the 2014 games away from Russia.' b'55 pyramids as large as the Luxor stacked into a megacity pyramid in Tokyo Bay' b'The 11 Top Party Cities in the World' b'U.S. troops still in Georgia (did you know they were in Georgia in the first place?)' b'Why Russias response to Georgia was right' b'Gorbachev accuses U.S. of making a serious blunder in pursuing its interest in the Caucasus region' b'Russia, Georgia, and NATO Cold War Two' b'Remember that adorable 62yearold who led your country into war based on evidence? That was fake, too.' b'War in Georgia The Israeli connection' b'All signs point to the US encouraging Georgia to invade South Ossetia. Goddamnit Bush.' b'Christopher King argues that the US and NATO are behind the Georgian invasion of South Ossetia but have misjudged Russian resolve. ' b'America The New Mexico?' BBC NEWS | AsiaPacific | Extinction 'by man not climate' b'Crackdown in Bangkok [pics]' Scientology president's daughter slams 'toxic' church, describes lonely childhood of forced separation from parents b'Top Italian policemen get up to five years for violent attack on G8 protesters ' b'How can I disturb social order? What happens in my house is a private matter.   Swingers on trial in China. ' Germany bans naked short selling and the trading of naked credit default swaps involving euro zone debt. The bans target two types of speculative trading that have been blamed for exacerbating the financial crisis and Europe's sovereign debt crisis.  Noncrew in cockpit in Polish president's plane crash Abu Dhabi woman reports gang rape and is charged with illegal sex. The court's reasoning She had agreed to be in a car with a man, so she had agreed to sex. b'Former ministers legalise all drugs!  Save the country, legalise drugs. Under this striking banner, two former Dutch government ministers (for Foreign Affairs and Health) are launching their revolutionary plan.' b'Experts feared that it would happen  and now it has. The devastating oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has come in contact with a strong ocean current. As a result, the oil could end up further afield, with unforeseen and potentially devastating consequences.[+gallery]' b'Brazil wants Iran sanctions dropped I think that ignoring this agreement would be despising a peaceful solution' b'Britain rejects Falkland Islands talks with Argentina' b'I did not know that boycotting your occupier's goods, the ones that are produced on your stolen land, is an act of hate!' World's fish stocks may vanish in 40 years  More than 20 million people employed in the fishing industry may need to be retrained for other work over the next 40 years if the final collapse of fish stocks in the world's oceans is to be avoided, the UN has warned. President of France's cabinet approves bill to ban full Islamic veil  b'White House okays missile defense aid for Israel' Pakistan will block Facebook because of 'Draw Muhammad Day'. b'BREAKING VIDEO Troops move in on Red Shirts camp' b'WikiLeaks founder has his passport confiscated' b'Refugee advocates say at least nine asylum seekers returned to Sri Lanka by the Howard government were killed and those sent back in past year have been held in police custody and some assaulted.' b'Euro drops to new fouryear low against US dollar' b'Tensions getting high on University of Victoria campus after police intervene between pro and antibunny factions.' b'Facebook is a major influence on girls 40% of girls identified Facebook as one of the most important things in their lives  compared with 6% of boys.' b'New photocopy rules in Tibet city' b'Based on investigations of the wreckage, South Korea will formally blame North Korea for sinking one of its navy vessels in March.' b'The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that German laws on preventive detention is a violation of their human rights. Now Germany will be forced to release almost 200 felons, including convicted rapists and multiple murderers. The first offender has already been released.' Mom of missing gay man Too bad he's not a 21yearold cheerleader, then they'd still be looking for him Russia U.S. Poland Missile Deal Won't Go 'Unpunished' The government has been accused of creating laws that have a chilling effect on freedom of expression in the UK in a critical report from the UN's committee on human rights b'The Italian government has lashed out at an influential Catholic magazine which suggested fascism might be resurfacing within the government.' b'Gorbachev Georgia started conflict in S. Ossetia' China fakes more than your girlfriend; 'Ethnic minority' children at Olympics ceremony were fake too! The UN's criticism of freedom of expression in the UK are valid b'Russian general threatens nuclear strike on Poland as Bush demands Moscow withdraws from Georgia' b'Russia can inspect Polish missile defence site' b'RussiaGeorgia Conflict Fueled by Rush to Control Caspian Energy Resources' Business Week Victory in Georgia gives Russia the edge in the struggle over access to the Caspian's 35 billion barrels of oil and trillions of cubic feet of gas Under Soviet rule we didn't believe a word of our own propaganda... But we have learnt... that the West has its own propaganda and... is more powerful because people believe it. b'Ministers have been accused of building a national DNA database by stealth by retaining profiles of nearly 40,000 children never convicted of a crime.' Russia Georgia can 'forget' regaining provinces Russians 'Seize US Weapons Depot' in Georgia b'Why are redditors generally supportive of Russias invasion of Georgia, but critical of Americas in Iraq?' b'Johann Hari We need to stop being such cowards about Islam' b'US officials have said that their military presence in Georgia will now become permanent' b'Israel clears troops who killed Reuters cameraman' b'Unenforceable laws encourage cops to escalate their tactics  until tragedy occurs' b'What Chinese pollution really looks like' b'Hacker Kidnaps and Tortures Informant, Posts Picture as a Warning to Others' b'Bush Tells Putin This Aggression Will Not Stand' b'Georgia is all about the oil pipelines' b'Rivals say they plan to remove Georgian president' b'Khan Younis massacre The men of the town were told to line up in the main square and were then systematically shot so their bodies lay in a long row. Some who stayed in their homes were killed there. It is not only Israeli leaders who did not show empathy it is entire Israeli public' Mentally ill Briton to be executed for drug smuggling in China tomorrow! Let's get this some attention. b'At least 15 dead in Tehran street battles' Most Americans don't know there is a major war happening right now in Mexico. War broke out in Mexico in December 2006 when the newly elected president Felipe Calderon sent 6,500 troops to Michoacan state to fight the drug cartels. b'Jailed Briton in China does not know he will be executed Dec 29th' Opposition leader's nephew among nine dead amid rioting and bloodshed in Iran b'UN Secretary General Ban Kimoon said Gazans were being denied Basic Human Rights and urged Israel to end its unacceptable and counterproductive blockade. ' b'Netanyahu wants Israeli force on Palestinian border' Turkey seeks return of Santa Claus' bones Interview with German Environment Minister Norbert Rttgen 'China Doesn't Want to Lead, and the US Cannot' b'Mafia prince Nick Rizzuto Jr. shot dead in Montreal' b'AlQaeda claims responsibility for attack on plane' b'Dameer Centre for Human Rights reported high levels of deformed births and miscarriages, and that the use of radioactive and toxic ammunition by the Israeli army on Gaza resulted in significant deterioration in the health of Palestinians' Iran's government cracked down on its opponents arresting two outspoken critics as well as several aides to main opposition leaders after eight people died in fierce clashes in Tehran b'Be careful what you wish for. [Mousavi] was at the heart of a regime that executed dissidents, took U.S. hostages and launched a fatwa against author Salman Rushdie.n' b'Then came Absolutely Fabulous. Her character, Patsy, drank, smoke, swore, took cocaine and had sex with younger men' b'Awaiting Gaza March, Holocaust Survivor Stages Hunger Strike' b'Suicide bomber kills 30, extremists accused of trying to start sectarian war. ' b'Somali pirates were paid $4 million in ransom to release a hijacked Chinese cargo ship carrying coal and 25 sailors who had been in captivity for two months' b'25,000 passengers hit by delays at British airports' b'Israel to Build 700 Homes in East Jerusalem.' b'British man to be executed in China for smuggling heroin' b'In a quick, oneday operation, Thai soldiers with riot shields and clubs have evicted more than 4,000 Hmong asylum seekers from a holding center and forcibly repatriated them to Laos, where they say they face retribution from their government.' A comprehensive review of Britain's muchloved libel laws planned b'Is there an anti megaphone out there or some other counter action?' b'Former South Korean president kills himself because he's in debt to too many people.' b'Greece  Muslim immigrants clash with police for a second day over Koran incident' b'Jelly Dildos Cause Autism' b'Swat Valley Pakistan Claims New Gains Against the Taliban' b'Moscow mayor offers to host world counterterrorist center' Initially welcomed, the mullahs controlled Mingora with burnings and beheadings. Now Pakistan's army could expel them b'Royal Navy warships dispatched as Spanish invade seas around Gibraltar' Former leader's apparent suicide stuns South Korea b'New photographs that show British soldiers on their way to the Somme. But who took them? And who were these Tommies marching off to die? ' b'Poll 30% of Israelis Would Flee Homes if Iran Goes Nuclear...' b'Fighting rages between Pakistan army and terrorist militants' b'Palestinian officials said no political plan for peace in the region will be accepted without the right of Palestinians to return to their homelands' Pakistan army 'in Taliban city'  b'Former South Korean president commits suicide by leaping off cliff. Take a hint, George.' b'GM cuts ties with four Ottawa dealerships' b'Former South Korean President Roh MooHyun died on Saturday after falling into a ravine while climbing a mountain.' b'French Turn to Cows as Alternative Investments' b'Communist leader elected Nepal PM' b'Double the number of Australians now being treated for heroin addiction' (Greece) Muslim 'Immigrants' in Second Day of Rioting... b'Wales, UK, plans for energy selfsufficiency with renewables in 20 years' b'Egypt arrests Al Qaeda terror attack suspects' Alaska's Naitve's struggling to survive while Palin hands out cookies b'My revenge will be the laughter of my children in the new homeland  exIRA man talks to British Tamil girl' b'Report Lebanon arrests three Israeli spies' b'In an evergrowing surveillance society, the average Briton is being recorded 3,000 times a week. ' b'Sir Ian Blair, Metropolitan Police commissioner, had his rival bugged' b'Israel approves release of 200 jailed Palestinians (AP)' b'Georgia Crushed, US Humiliated, NATO and Europe Split It Was a Good Week for McCain' b'573,639 The disturbing number of Britons with no criminal record but now registered on Labours DNA database' b'Georgia, Israel, the CIA, the US and Russia. Its all about the oil. ' b'Russia may arm Baltic fleet with nuclear warheads' Ukraine offers West radar warning(It's getting kind of 'chilly' around here all of a sudden.) b'Taliban issues ultimatum to Canada' b'Ossetians collect evidence of Georgian genocide' Russian forces 'advancing on Tbilisi'  b'Iranian Olympian forbidden from NBA  ' b'The links between various arms of the USA establishment and Mr Sarkozy are much closer than imagined. Now the CIA has a puppet in power in France. ' b'Solar Air Conditioner Production to Ramp Up in China' War between FBI and US drug enforcers left Taliban's leader at large b'Baby joy for couple whose children were stolen by social workers' b'Teachers fear hidden CCTV cameras in schools' New Chinese Olympic Fake 'Cardboard Piano' b'NATO Gives Membership Green Light to Albania and Croatia' b'Turkish Bloggers collectively fight back against censorship' b' Iran says it launched satellite into space' Russia 'distributing passports in the Crimea' b'Georgia NATO membership yes, Merkel meets Saakashvili, russian troops start withdrawal' If It's War We Want, McCain Will Deliver b'OPEC official says output cuts may be needed' b'Twelve Year Old Girl Shocks Fox News  Says Georgia was the Aggressor, Not Russia' b'The 12 year old girl who got cut off by Fox News speaks out on the event' UK drugs policy 'has no impact on supply' b'The War on Terror Brings Mass Surveillance  In Sweden' The Big Question Is the 'war on drugs' really making the problem worse? b'British government admits national DNA database holds records of 40,000 INNOCENT children ' b'One group of about two dozen [ethnic Georgians] was escorted through the streets by armed Ossetians and a Russian officer. Labor even turns monkeys into humans, the Russian officer said.' Danish Cartoonist Charged in Jordan 'I Don't Allow Fanatics to Intimidate Me' b'Is Not Western Hypocrisy Astonishing?  Pat Buchanan on Georgianneocon aggression' US must share power in new world order, says Turkey's controversial president Make sure to ask the right questions to our manipulated media or you'll get cut [VID] Iranian minister's Oxford degree 'a fake' b'How the US Military use Hollywood to turn out Blockbuster Propaganda [vid]' The Dollar's record comeback last week... Just set another record... whats going on? Salman Rushdie attacks 'censorship by fear' over The Jewel of Medina b'Gori Russian soldier shoots at Israeli reporter, loots his car' b'Secret Israeli military material went unguarded in Georgia' b' Georgia accuses Russia of blowing up a key railway bridge' The 21 edicts from the Chinese Government's propaganda unit The War We Don't Know Call to replace 'embarrassing' British national anthem before 2012 Olympics NeoNazis march into Germany's property market to buy place in the future b'Georgians still hoping that U.S. military will arrive' The EU's 170,000strong army of bureaucrats Italy's illegal immigration soars b'Investigation reveals the 1985 Live Aid and Band Aid which raised $250 million, had 95% of that money diverted to support Ethiopian rebels and to buy weapons.' Because a number of you have asked about my postreddit life, here's my first entry as a Kiva Fellow in Armenia b'Irish Catholic Bishop Asks Parishioners to Help Cover Costs of Sex Abuse Lawsuits; Parishioners and abuse victims disgusted.  So am I.' b'The night when the lights when out in Chile.' b'Dubai seeks arrest of Israeli prime minister and Mossad chief over murder of Hamas leader' b'Victory for freedom of expression in New Zealand court rules that naked bicycle riding is legal' b'New U.S. Embassy In London To Cost $1 Billion (PHOTOS)' b'Australia plans to dump toxic waste on tribal lands' b'All of the 4 arrested had been trained by the CIA and, possibly, Israel.' b'On Feb. 20, four Muslim women took a conspicuous step to protest gender segregation in Muslim mosques by refusing to relegate themselves to a cordonedoff prayer zone for women and instead worshiped with the men at the Islamic Center of Washington, D.C. ' b'Pakistan reveals the Talibans secret underground cave network' b''Son of Hamas' who spied for Israel I have gone from being a prince in my country to the lowest possible level, of being a traitor' b'Giant Rogue Waves hit cruise ship; 2 passengers killed when 26 foot waves hit off the French port of Marseille' b'Two people have been killed and six injured as giant waves slammed into a cruise ship in the Mediterranean' b'Two Thirds of Afghan Police Drop Out Before Training Completed It would take another 82 years to have a properly trained police force' Ethiopia aid 'spent on weapons' b'Dear Reddit The past 8 months have been hell for us Iranians abroad. So I just wanted to say that we are very proud to have won this award, and I want to share it with you. ' b'75% of Germans do not want to be chipped.' b'Saudi woman senteced to 300 lashes and jailed for 18 months for appearing in court without a male.n' b'How the settlers backed by the IDF and Israeli government have created an apartheid state in Israel.  13 minute clip from 60 minutes really puts the Palestinians hell on earth into perspective' b'Ugandas environment dilemma as the countrys forest cover dwindlesn' b'Chas Freeman This time apartheid has western complicity' Dubai seeks Israeli PM's arrest over hotel murder.  b'Apartheid in Israel The mayor of Jerusalem has announced a plan to demolish an area of Arab East Jerusalem to make way for an upmarket district of luxury hotels and gardens.' b'U.S. commanders Unsure Who's Behind Iraq Attacks The bigtime players aren't there anymore. The organized terrorists aren't there anymore.' b'Elvis Costello and Santana cancel show in Israel supporting an academic and cultural boycott to protest its occupation of Palestinian territory' b'Saudi woman beats up virtue cop  According to the Saudi daily Okaz, a woman allegedly laid into the religious policeman, punching him repeatedly, and leaving him to be taken to the hospital with bruises across his body and face.' b'South Korea will formally blame North Korea on Thursday for launching a torpedo at one of its warships ' b'Portugal legalizes samesex marriage' b'Hypocrisy at its height, Museum of Tolerance built on a 1000 year old Muslim cemetery in Jerusalem.' b'France has first 'burka rage' incident.  A 60yearold lawyer ripped a Muslim woman's Islamic veil off in a row in a clothing shop in what police say is France's first case of burka rage.  ' b'Berlin Set to Relax Cannabis Laws  A new marijuana policy could make it legal for individuals to posses up to 15 grams (0.5 ounces) of the drug in the German capital. The regulation would make Berlin among the most cannabisfriendly in Europe.' 2010 Dakar Rally Did $566,000 In Damage To Chile's Archaeological Sites b'Former Dutch Liberal leader says legalise all drugs' b'UK Police call for remote button to stop cars' Abuse victims' fury as Cardinal Sean Brady, head of the Catholic Church in Ireland, refuses to quit for his part in a secret canonical tribunal in 1975 at which two minors were made to swear oaths of silence about their allegations against the paedophile priest Father Brendan Smyth Screaming demands for financial reforms and an end to corporate lobbying, hundreds of people have been rallying in Washington. Protesters want Wall Street banks held accountable for the economic meltdown. 'Too Big to Fail' Not Too Big to Jail b'Israel offered to withdraw from the Golan Heights in exchange for Syria cutting its ties with Iran and the resistance movements. Syria responds saying that reality proves Israel is not working for peace ' b'So basically, the right to strike has been abolished in Britain' b'It is open season on journalists in Russia' b'Somalia, the Perfect Failed State  Somalia, which has been without a functioning government for almost two decades, serves as a warning for what could happen to other failed states.' 'We've run out of cash' England is screwed. b'Hey reddit, how about condemning this?  A Court in Egypt is to rule next month on whether Egyptian men married to Israeli women are to be stripped of their citizenship.' b'The Swedish Pirate Party Becomes The Pirate Bays New Host After Another Attempt To Take It Down By Hollywood Studios' b'South Korea North responsible for torpedo attack on warship' The agreement on the transfer of Iran's enriched uranium, achieved via TurkishBrazilian mediation, is an important victory for Iranian diplomacy and a debacle for Israeli policy b'Bangladeshi children take a steroid commonly used to fatten cattle in order to make them look a bit more developed and because the customers like them to have a bit more curves.' b'Vietnamese girl in one of the unforgettable images of the Vietnam War , has been reunited by the BBC with Christopher Wain, the ITN correspondent who helped save her life 38 years ago.' b'17,000 Form Human Chain At U.S. Base In Japan' b'New Iran sanctions plan agreed, Hillary Clinton says' b'BREAKING Israel attacks aid flotilla in international waters  at least 2 people murdered, 30 injured' b'Youtube video of the aid flotilla attack Clearly shows gunfire and civilian casualties BEFORE Israeli troops board, despite Israeli claims of selfdefence.' b'Nick Clegg, UK Deputy PM (Dec 22, 2009)  Lift the Gaza blockade. The suffering is shocking. And nobody will benefit from the radicalism that confinement engenders.' Imagine a country where your mobile phone is taken from you at the airport with no explanation or apology, where there's no access to the internet, where your minders watch every move and you're reported if you try to leave your hotel alone. And football is a state secret... b'Israeli commandos kill 16 Free Gaza activists in international waters, wound at least 60 others' b'President of Germany resigns for this remarks he made during a surprise visit to Afghanistan Military deployments are necessary in an emergency to protect our interests, for example, when it comes to trade routes' b'Turkey threatens action; Israel on alert' b'Israel attacks Gaza aid fleet' Helium balloons float propaganda, DVD's, money, and small radios into North Korea b'China issues new rules banning evidence obtained through torture in death penalty cases' b'State of alert throughout Israel. Brink of war or new Intifada' b'Israel defending the indefensible The Israeli military's justification that its soldiers were lynched and hence were defending themselves adds insult to death.' b'Report Israel attacks Gaza flotilla, 10 die' b'Protesters try to storm Israeli consulate in Turkey ' b'CloseUp Footage of Mavi Marmara Passengers Attacking IDF Soldiers' b'Japan plans to build robot moon base by 2020' b'Turkey Future Gaza Aid Ships Will Have Military Escorts' b'As she asked him about fuel prices he suddenly poured petrol over her from a jug he was holding. He then set her alight' Nigeria's Agony Dwarfs the Gulf Oil Spill. The US and Europe Ignore It b'French President Sarkozy said Africa should be given a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council Lack of representation on the peacekeeping body is unacceptable' b'Former German Foreign Minister How many bailouts will the people of the Western democracies tolerate before the crisis of the global financial system turns into a crisis of Western democracy? The answer is clear not many more.' b'No weapons on stormed Turkish ship Report' b'New Zealand animal welfare advisors think animals may experience pain if their throat is cut and they bleed to death without being stunned...' b'AlJazeera anchorwomen resign over being accused of not dressing conservatively enough' Much Of China's And India's Fresh Water Now Tainted By Pollution And Largely Unusable b'Get ready for a crazy summer. Undercover investigation by The Guardian reveals plot by the 'English Defence League' to target Muslim communities, stoke violent racial/religious unrest, and provoke mayhem and disorder this summer across the UK.' b'In front of 120 million viewers random guy jumps on stage (at 1 min 10 secs) to join the Spanish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest and tries to look like part of the act before being hustled off by security guards' b'White Poverty In South Africa [pics]' b'The people of El Salvador are fighting against a Canadian mining giant that was lawfully denied permits for a gold and silver mine that would devastate the local environment and threaten the health and livelihoods of residents' b'It has been estimated that the mineral wealth in the belt of asteroids between Mars and Jupiter equals about 100 billion dollars for every person on Earth' b'The government distributed pamphlets advertising a wonder drug that would increase the height of short people. Those who responded to the pamphlets were sent away to uninhabited islands along to rid the next generation of their substandard genes.' b'This should really be in WTF Israel stations nuclear missile subs off Iran' b'Canadian boy to return home after 2 years in U.S. foster care after being picked up by Oregon police for not wearing his bike helmet' b'Despite overwhelming negative response, the Australian government is still going to censor the internet' b'Shell Oil tried for crimes against humanity' Another Danish pharmaceutical company has withdrawn products from Greece in protest at the government's decision to cut the prices of medicines by 25%. b'Nigerian oil spills? I am saddened by the Meh.' b'More than 50,000 Greeks with diabetes are left without insulin after Novo Nordisk, the world's leading supplier of the drug, withdraws from Greece in a brutal capitalist blackmail after being asked to reduce the cost of its medicine by the Greek government.' b'Mystery faults develop simultaneously in two  ships attempting to break Israel's blockade of Gaza' b'Japan party quits coalition over US base' 'The Best Party', a parody party in Iceland seems to be winning the capital's municipal elections!  b'China urges region to step back from Korea clash' b'Rick Steves A Perspective on Iran; Rick Steves sheds light on Iran, calling it the most misunderstood country he has ever visited.' The Palestinian Authority is considering introducing its own currency called the 'Palestinian pound' An international children's rights charity has said it has evidence that Palestinian children held in Israeli custody have been subjected to sexual abuse in an effort to extract confessions from them. b'Guatemala volcano rains chaos ' b'Gazabound aid ships leave Cyprus  Al Jazeera' b'Pigeon held in India on suspicion of spying for Pakistan' b'Oxford Tradition Comes to This   Death (Expound)  Many candidates, including some of the best, seemed at a loss when confronted with this exercise, ' b'North Korea rally heightens tensions on the peninsula' b'Woman knocks down Pope Benedict at Christmas Mass.' b'Ugandan President Museveni says he will block the antigay bill from becoming law.' Venezuela's Chavez threatens to kick out carmakers unless they share their technology with local businesses b'Woman who knocked down pope had pasta in her pocket  PASTAFARIAN?!' b'450 people from 21 countries, including 30 from the USA, have traveled for 3 weeks all the way from London to Jordan in a 210 vehicle convoy loaded with humanitarian relief supplies for the people imprisoned in Gaza.' b'Chvez declares Angel Falls is no more World's tallest waterfall gets new name, KerepakupaiMer, which in indigenous Pemon language means waterfall of the deepest place.n' b'Drug tests catch out 10 police (UK)' b'Once the worlds fourthlargest lake, the Aral Sea has almost disappeared altogether  thanks to a grand Soviet public works project that diverted the water into the desert to grow crops' Cool Saudi Feminist calls for woman's right to have 4 husbands, male dominated Saudi sent her flowers, Oops I mean death threats b'According to satellite surveys, as much as 80 percent of former prime land lies uncultivated. ' b'Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has vowed to defeat the organised crime in the country by 2013.' Don't blame the system for winter travel chaos. Stay put. b'Christmas Eve around the world included the Pope  being pushed at Mass; an Israeli man being shot  and killed in the West Bank; and the killing of at  least 26 people across Iraq' b'Pope knocked down before Xmas mass' b'The solar salesman who put his cow on the market to bring power to the people in Africa' b'Pig farts spark Australia gas scare  I shit you not reddit' b'Bin Laden daughter flees to Saudi embassy in Iran ' b'Traumatic Brain Injuries  Growing evidence shows that Progesterone should be considered as an optional treatment' b'The Pakistan Supreme Court has ordered the Pakistan Government to recognize transgendered, intersex, and Eunuch's as a distinct gender from male and female.' Here's a video the Taliban released this morning of an American soldier they captured 5 months ago. He's 23 and a prisoner on Christmas. b'Fireworks set off aboard airliner' b'Five VA men may face terrorism charges, Pakistan police say' Ayatollah Montazeri's Legacy  In death he may have become the inspiration for the most significant opposition the regime has faced since the 1979 Islamic Revolution Britain's freedoms under threat from 'Big Brother security state', warns Director of Public Prosecutions Centuries of freedoms being broken by security state, says England's top prosecutor b'Newly declassified documents Stalin was ready to send over a million Soviet troops to the German border in order to preempt Nazi aggression. This could have prevented the outbreak of the World War II' b'Providing micronutrients for 80% of the 140 million poorest children in the form of vitamin A and zinc would cost $60 million/year. This action holds benefits of more than $1 billion/year.' b'China accuses US of widespread human rights abuses on its own territory and hypocrisy in criticizing others' A Photo Essay on Vietnam's Forest Pygmies Only discovered in the 1980s, this is Vietnam's Smallest Indigenous Minority (in both senses of the word) 'More inequality' in rich nations b'Terrorism Act' b'Bali bombers to be shot dead after losing court appeal to be beheaded' b'1917 Baron Rothschild was the addressee of the Balfour Declaration, which committed the British government to the establishment in Palestine a national home for the Jewish people.' b'Somalia frees hijacked cargo ship' b'What are the Japanese doing right now? Minute by minute graphs from the best census keeper on earth' b'Bali bombers to be shot to death' b'Canada had role in torture of its nationals probe' Mobile's missed calls that reveal 'terrorists tried to detonate car bombs 15 times in central London' Lloyd's of London, the world's biggest insurance market, said Tuesday that Hurricanes Gustav and Ike will cost it at least $2.34 billion in damages claims. Amnesty International says Nigeria's criminal justice system is so flawed, it's calling for a moratorium on executions to avoid the deaths of innocents. Mao Zedong's only grandson leads Maoist revival b'CounterTerrorism Bill clause 83 reminder  chilling effect on reporting or speculation about military or intelligence service or police personnel ?' b'In Algeria, death sentences follow fugitives thick and fast' b'French Bistros File Record Bankruptcies as French surrender their culinary pride to Le Big Mac' b'Botswana brides Buy now, pay later' ANC call on SA land redistribution described as 'reckless' Army scientists 'deployed in UK' Sarkozy pushes eurozone 'economic government' b'Coke Dealers Badass Party House w/ Private Zoo' b'Japan 44 per cent of country's workforce are parttime only. Communistthemed manga comics are enjoying soaring success.' b'Seriously, what's going on in China that would cause melamine in everything from milk to dogfood... and now chocolate and strawberry flavored willy spread?' b'Fascinating Pictures of Russian Trains ' b'Activists celebrate Irans ban on juvenile executions' b'New Security Scanners Called Virtual Strip Search at Melbourne Airport Will Show Genitals!' b'Beijing Olympic Official gets the Death Sentence.' b'Rwanda abandons French language' b'Convert or we will kill you, Hindu lynch mobs tell fleeing Christians' b'A split in Belgium?' b'Pakistan facing bankruptcy as world financial crisis deepens' b'Trial of 86 nationalist hardliners accused of using assassination and bombings in an attempt to overthrow the Islamistleaning Turkish government is postponed when supporters flood the courtroom.' Burros carry one man's library to Colombian villagers b'UK borrowing at 60year high' b'Did a Gulf of Tonkin Incident Just Happen In Iranian Waters?' b'Vietnamese Security Police Again Active in Poland' b'Really? Iran Security Forces arrest pigeons working for imperialists equipped with metal rings and invisible strings near Natanz nuclear facility' b'China to Allow Land Leasing, Transfer. New Law Is Part of Project Aimed at Doubling Rural Incomes' b'Sri Lanka MoD says 33 troops died fighting Tiger rebels over the weekend. Here are some govt. videos.' Muslim fanatic prisoners to be 'deprogrammed' using controversial techniques to 'cure' them of beliefs b'Bank hackers steal from French President Sarkozy' Drug violence traumatizes Mexico's children. b'Almost 200 UFO files will be made available by the MoD over the next four years.' b'Israel Considering Saudi Peace Deal' British spinster jailed after breaking neighbour's arm with spade b'Argentina nationalizes private pensions and acknowledges that they were an enormous error''. Argentina takes action to protect workers and retirees instead of banks. ' b'How people of other religions are treated in Muslim countries Amazing facts.' b'Baby rape a cure for AIDS  How can this be sick belief be common in a developed country? over 1500 new infections daily, over 20,000 rapes a year' b'UN says wealth gap creating a social time bomb  Growing inequality in US cities could lead to widespread social unrest and increased mortality.' b'Another war? Bosnia in real danger of collapse' b'Israeli Revealed as owner of South Sudan bound weapons ship' b'EU awards its Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought to jailed Chinese dissident Hu Jia.  China's Foreign Ministry calls it meddling but too trivial to dwell on.' b'Mexican Government Covers Up Murder of Journalist' b'Pakistan stares into the abyss' b'Massive Secret Uranium Shipment Revealed' b'Pakistan Will Give Arms to Tribal Militias.  What could go wrong?' b'Pakistan 8 Students Die in Suspected US Missile Strike on School' b'Russians told all is well as economy sinks' b'Adolf Hitler and the Nazis were working on a Big Brotherstyle cable television propaganda industry to be broadcast across Germany' b'Farright Austrian leader sacked for revealing gay affair with Jrg Haider' b'US airstrike kills 9 Afghan soldiers at checkpoint' b'US, British exdiplomats warn Bosnia in danger of collapse' b'UN warns of mass starvation in North Korea' b'Horrific Flashback From My Soviet Childhood' b'Pakistan takes $5bn IMF bailout after allies refuse funds' b'Russia Backs Keeping U.S. Force in Iraq' b'GOP Donors Critical of Palin's Pricey Threads; Some Want Money Back (..like to think they were successful enough to [get] their wardrobe with their own money)' b'India Launches Moon Mission' b'Mobile biometric scanners for all UK police' b'V, U or L shaped  the shape of the coming global recession [Hint L shaped is bad]' b'US falls to 119th out of around 160 countries ranked by press freedoms outside its own territory, says Reporters Without Borders.' Austria in shock as leader of far right Alliance for the Future of Austria reveals he's gay  and was having a longterm affair with Jorg Haider, the former leader BBC India successfully launches the unmanned Chandrayaan 1 spacecraft  the country's first mission to the Moon b'Moon rocket at an Indian price Just 80 million dollars to the moon' b'Despite intense U.S. pressure, Pakistan refuses to buy the with us or against us worldview and are edging closer to talks with the Taliban, saying, What's wrong with talking?' b'Kristallnacht remnants finally unearthed near Berlin, close to 70 years on' b'Surprisingly enough, Chagos Islanders lose the latest round in their battle to return to their home, stolen from them by the UK' b'Russia, Iran and Qatar announce an OPECstyle big gas troika that will control 60% of the world's gas supplies.' Women who switched roles to live lives as men. Last of Albania's 'sworn virgins' b'Chinese call Microsoft the biggest hacker in China, with its intrusion into users' computer systems without their agreement or any judicial authority.' b'Dutch police official on coffeeshops and the meshing of legal and illegal drug trade' b'A skyscraper in Mecca catches fire. Does anyone have more on this?' b'Ouch! Wachovia Reports $23.9 Billion Loss for Third Quarter' b'Dear Mr. Brown, we are not terrorists' Chagos Islanders, comprehensively screwed over by the UK and US governments, may have a chance of returning to their stolen homeland (but don't hold your breath) b'It is more important to be attractive than to be right' b'Civilian deaths from US/Nato air strikes in Afghanistan are not accidents or mistakes  they are calculated and predicted' b'UK Government tied in knots by bondage protest' b'Nicolas Sarkozy threatens to sue over voodoo doll that tells people to stick pins into his body' b'Jamaica beach vanishes in crime wave' b'Economic downturn likely to cause British recession Brown' b'35 Taliban reported killed in Afghan battle....Just how many of these f*ckers are there?' b'Mexico arrests suspected major cocaine trafficker after shootout' b'Donors pledge 4.5 billion dollars to Georgia' b'Mountain range that rivals the Alps may prove that Antartica was once part of Western U.S.' b'Imprisoned Chinese Human Rights Activist Hu Jia Receives Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought' b'Time and Money Running Out for Pakistan' b'EU Calls For New World Governance (video) ' b'Eastern European economies face bankruptcy ' Pakistan rejects 'America's war' on extremists b'Sign the petition to stop Australian Internet censorship' b'Stephen Hawking to retire from prestigious post' b'In Russia, Calm Despite Plunging Stocks and Shaky Banks' b'Afghan authorities have arrested 13 people, including employees of DHL courier service, after a shooting killed two foreign nationals and a security guard in Kabul Saturday.' b'Kenya readies for Obama tourist boom' b'UN aids Iraqi Christians chased from Mosul (AP)' b'Yemen floods leave 46 dead, 20,000 without shelter' b'Explosion Destroys Key Bridge in Georgia' b'Passenger hijacks Russian internal flight report | International | Reuters' b'Europes largest mosque opens in Chechnya' b'Switzerland rallies for nuclear disarmament' b'Pakistan and Afghanistan Forecast Stormy with a Couple Hurricanes on the Way' b' Time and Money Running Out for Pakistan' b'The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said on Thursday that virtually no medical supplies were reaching Gaza, putting the lives of several hundred seriously ill patients at stake' b'Hindu extremists held over deadly bombings' b'Cold War Stories Baykonur, Two Generations Ago ' b'Future of the press useful or just shallow?' b'Israel may turn to right as coalition talks crumble' b'US Govt Helping Rid Iraqis of Dangerous Economic Surplus' b'Guantanamo guards struggle with hunger striker ' b'EU formally renews ties with Cuba ' b'Terrorism laws can be abused to stifle dissent UN rights expert' b'Colombia Half a million people on strike in the nation that kills more union members than the rest of the world combined.' b'Australia uses accusations of child abuse to take land from Aborigines for uranium mines'  Aussie govt Don't criticize our (terrible) 'Net filters b'German banks wants bonus repayment repayed from former managers.  Nice lead Germany' b' Oil falls nearly $5 as OPEC cut fails to halt slide ' b'U.S. Student Jailed In Iran' b'Resurgence of antisemitism in Germany' The United States has plundered global wealth by exploiting the dollar's dominance, and the world urgently needs other currencies to take its place China paper b'North Korea faces worst food crisis in decade  Millions of people in the country are facing severe deprivations not seen since the mid1990s' Airport Striptease Germany Shies Away From 'Peeping Tom' Airport Scanners b'Russian default risk tops Iceland as crisis deepens' b'EU defies Beijing warning to award Chinese dissident human rights prize' b'Deputy Governor of the Bank of England This is a onceinalifetime crisis and possibly the largest financial crisis of its kind in human history ' b'Eastern European economies face bankruptcy' Stephen Hawking to retire as Cambridge's Professor of Mathematics b'The arrest of Pinochet  10 years later. 30,000+ victims, 38 convictions.' b'I'm in search of Gandhi in the land of Gandhi, he added. I've failed to find him.' Russia's financial crisis is escalating with lightning speed as foreigners pull funds from the country and the debt markets start to price a serious risk of sovereign default. b'North Korea clamps down on mobile phones to stop news of food crisis' b'Iran holding American student in prison' UK's highest court has criticised Islamic law for discriminating against women following a case in which a mother was forced to flee to the UK from the Middle East Iran accuses US of 'pillaging' Iraq  Rumors flurry about Ahmadinejad's health following event cancellations. b'BBC Rampant Evidence That Georgia Committed War Crimes During Conflict With Russia' b'Is Britain on its way to becoming a surveillance society. Or has it already arrived?' b'Extremists to be barred from UK' b'1000 Congolese citizens hurl rocks at a UN compound, angry that a 17,000strong U.N. peacekeeping force has been unable to protect them from a rebel attack just 25 miles north of the city.' b'Happy Diwali ' b'UK parents to be fingerprinted by nursery schools' b'Europe on the brink of currency crisis meltdown ' b'Defectors describe executions, torture in North Korea' b'The 255th death due to lack of medical treatment resulting from the seige on Gaza passed away, Monday' b'How then did a Victorian working class family with four children enjoy a nutritious if unsophisticated diet on a budget of less than 2 per week?' A news story that's remarkable for giving a much rounder than usual picture of civilian responses to the Islamist stoning of a woman accused of adultery. North Korea's military threatened to use everything in its arsenal to reduce South Korea to rubble unless Seoul stops civic groups from sending antiPyongyang leaflets into the communist state. b'A woman in Somalia has been stoned to death after an Islamic Sharia law court found her guilty of adultery' Chile's torture colony   Colonia Dignidad  b'Right By My Side Where You Supposed To Be  We might be on the verge of a major breakthrough with the Taliban' b'Italy megamarch against Berlusconi' b'Iraq demands all US troops out by 2011' b'IMF may need to print money as crisis spreads ' Refugees Australia rejected 'killed by Taliban' 'Bush's Way of Waving Goodbye to Syria?' b'UN atomic energy chief warns of nuclear theft ' b'China May Lend Russia $25 Billion as Part of Oil Deal ' b'Q&A Why is Congo in the news, and what role is the UN playing?' I don't get it? Are people who insist on warring against the WRONG Country stubborn, or stupid, or evil? Iranian general admits supplying weapons to 'liberation' fighters in middle east b'It begins Australian net filters may block porn and gambling sites as well.' b'Sharia rulings on divorces and disputes to be rubberstamped by English courts despite women being treated like secondclass citizens. When will suffrage be repealed?' Japan's fastestgrowing class the working poor b'Soldiers Speak Out is a powerful, firsthand testament to the reality of the military experience' b'Report Iranian president has fallen ill' b'Muslim sex abuse victims have a religious obligation not to report their abusers' b'Man has arm sucked down a vacuum toilet on a train' b'West African court orders the Nigerian state to pay $19,030 in damages and interest for failing to protect a child from being sold into slavery.' Dutch towns 'swamped by drug tourists'  planning to close coffee shops b'Iran Cabinet Minister Facing Impeachment after his supposed Oxford University law degree turned out to be a fake.' Britain's police state steams ahead Police will use new device to take fingerprints in street b'Pakistani girl charged with immorality is chased by dogs then shot dead; father says a land dispute is the real motive.' Nun 'attacked and gangraped by 40 men' in antiChristian violence in India b'West ganging up on Russia | The Japan Times Online' b'Syrian witness reacts to US raid' b'Illegal Horse Fighting Festival Begins' b'Worried Japanese parents try to marry off adult children ' b'Syria accuses US of deadly raid' Iran US military raid 'unacceptable'  b'An Inside Look into Bribery in China' b'A special ops surge in Afghanistan' b'Yen gains, Nikkei hits 26yr low as markets suffer' b'US special forces launch rare attack inside Syria (October Surprise?)' Japan's burgeoning class Working Poor Someone has to take the fall Georgia's PM fired by president b'Is the Rudd government about to erect a Great Firewall of Australia?' b'Russian historian Boris Borisov asks what became of over seven million American citizens who disappeared from US population records in the 1930s.' b'A 24yearold woman who spent her life as a slave has taken the Niger government to court, claiming it failed her by ignoring its own laws.' b'Israeli best seller breaks national taboo  Israeli academic and historian says Jewish Nation myth ' Abu Nidal, notorious Palestinian mercenary, 'was a US spy' b'Our MPs barely earn a crust' b'Italians flood Rome in antiBerlusconi protest' b'Dalai Lama Gives Up On China Talks' b'Iranian president has fallen ill' b'Hundreds of thousands march through Rome to protest against the rightwing government of Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi' b'German movie puts world war II rapes in focus' b'38 people dead and as many as 30,000 homeless in Eastern India as Christians face growing attacks' b'I hate the gooks  John McCain' b'Hong Kong Extends Melamine Testing After Finding Chemical In Chinese Eggs' b'Mushroom The Most Powerful Symbol of Life and Death' b'Armed assailants attacked a man and gouged out his eyes in front of his family during a gruesome assault in southern Afghanistan' Remembering the UK's last recession Tourism? It's just national prostitution, says Prince Philip b'Landmark Berlin Squat Battles Eviction' b'Livni calls for early Israeli election' b'Basque demonstrators take to the streets, demanding the right to a referendum on independence from Spain' b'Melamine found in eggs from China' b'Betancourt compares her ordeal to Austria dungeon crimes' b'Daring $1m midday heist in Milan ' b'Iran Says OPEC May Decrease Production Further' I Know We've Got This Election in US To Worry, But I Wanted To Help Shine More Light On Our Australian Friends Potential 'Internet Filter' Problem. Let's Keep That In The Spotlight Too! I can picture in my mind a world without War, a world without Hate. and I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it. Jack Handey b'British home secretary launches investigation into CIA and MI5 torture which could lead to a criminal prosecution.' b'Not as important as the US election or aussie internet censorship.. but.. 215 dead, up to 50,000 people may be homeless in Pakistan, following earthquake..' b'Australia to implement mandatory internet censorship' b'British cave explorers find worlds deepest cave. 1 km. That shit is deep!' b'Iceland Britain has devastated our economy' b'Israeli meseum of tolerance being built on a Muslim graveyard' b'Chinese News reports on RAND proposal for an American war to save the American Economy' b'Jordan woman stabbed to death over sex images' b'Dutch 2008 Commemorative coin (Netherlands and Architecture) beautiful and wonderfully creative' b'(pics) Battles rage in Congo' b'Losing Afghanistan After 7 Years of War, the Taliban Attacks the Culture Ministry in Heart of Kabul' And the winner of Bayer's 17th International Childrens Painting Competition is...you guessed it... b'China to Talk with Dalai Lama Envoys  Comic' b'War Refugees Christians On the Run in Iraq' b'Global Fund revokes $10M in antiAIDS funding and $2M in antimalaria funding to Uganda over allegations of mismanagement.' b'Not Even Getting Hosed Down Can Stop A Band Of Somalian Pirates' b'Listen online to live audio of CNN TV' b'Scores dead in nine Indian explosions' b'If Walter Cronkite says World Government it must be true' b'Graffiti on a wall between Israel and Palestina' Meanwhile, in the UK, Lesley Douglas, BBC Radio 2 controller, resigns over the Brand/Ross prank call 'scandal' b'Israeli army to defend Palestinians from..............Israeli settlers' b'Bomb attacks in India kill at least 67' b'Finnish evoting system loses 2% of votes, has no paper trail' b'One dead, thousands without power and the first October snow in London in 74 YEARS as Arctic blast sweeps across UK' b'Gordon Brown's terror claims for ID cards are bunkum says GCHQ expert' mental midgets at tsa will eventually reallow us to bring our nonexplosive liquids back on planes! now if they'll just stop stealing our crap b'Over 1,000 foreign soldiers killed in Afghanistan since 2001' Report N. Korea's Kim suffers `serious' setback b'UK doctors warned we'll report you to MI5 over IT security' b'UK will face peak oil crisis within five years, report warns' b'Five synchronized suicide bombings hit Somalian targets, including a UN building and the Ethiopian embassy.' b'The stench went through my nostrils   Pub chefs accused of serving human excrement in gelato to a family complaining about noise during a football match. ' b'Israeli biometric database bill passes first vote' b'World Conservation Congress biodiversity underpins the wellbeing of human societies and their economies' b'Net giants create code to defend online freedoms' b'UK database guru warns over breaches' b'This is the Zlin143, the plane commonly used by the Tamil Tigers' Air Wing which today dropped aerial bombs on a Columbo power station and escaped a Sri Lankan air force dragnet.' Venezuela gets its own Satellite! Let's try to find out what it can do! b'Young dodge the internet censors' Livni's brave stand b'U.S. embassy in Syria says may close to public' b'Extremists face tougher UK entry' b'MI5 targets Irelands alQaeda cells' b'Ludmilla Radchenko For The Art Of Being A Woman' b'Scores dead after Pakistan quake' If you guys don't elect Obama, can we have him? b'Cops Centipedes are dangerous weapons' China unveils world's fastest bullet train  In the year since Israel launched its devastating military offensive in Gaza,it has faced intense international condemnation and accusations of war crimes. Israel's response? Threats  of much harsher action. b'Two Irish Catholic bishops resign during Christmas mass over church coverup of child abuse' b'On Dec. 26, 2004, a massive undersea earthquake off Indonesia unleashed energy equivalent to 550 million Hiroshima atomic explosions, and triggered a tsunami that killed 230,000 people in 14 Asian and African countries' b'Guttenberg Afghanistan will never be model western democracy' b'Iranian riot police clashes with antigovernment protesters' b'China sentences a former literature professor who helped draft a manifesto that demanded open elections and the rule of law to 11 years in prison for subversion' b'Security stepped up at airports worldwide after airline incident' British paper names Iranian protester Neda 'person of the year' b'Ukraine, having embraced capitalism, finds that even zoo animals are starved and made to live and die in terrible conditions. During Soviet times, the zoos facilities might have been relatively spare, but the care was far better.' b'US diplomatic car allegedly tried running over an Israeli guard recently at an IDF checkpoint in the West Bank' b'China moves to reduce internet access for their citizens to only the governmentapproved whitelisted sites' b'A prominent opposition journalist in Kyrgyzstan, whose autocratic president has been courted by the United States, died on Tuesday after being thrown  from a sixthstory window, his arms and legs bound with duct tape. Yes, things are so much better under capitalism. ' b'Caught in ThaiCambodian crossfire  Convicted of spying, Sivarak Chutipong became casualty in Southeast Asian political drama' b'Uzbekistan holds election as West watches' Neda Soltan is Times Person of the Year Neda was not political. She did not vote in her country's election, but was appalled by the rigging of the result. Since she was shot in a democracy protest, her face has become an opposition symbol b'Farmers marvel at skills of Captain Miles Malone' b'More Irish Bishops Resign Over Abuse Scandal' Welcome to Gaza's Killing Fields where Palestinian Children live. It is sad that what seems so obvious to rest of the world escapes the minds of apologists for Israeli state terror. b'Pakistani Muslims Wish Their Christian Neighbors Merry Christmas by Threatening to Burn Them Alive... ' b'Art is flourishing in Palestine ' b'Dozens of villagers in the Kenyan district of Kisii are falling prey to superstitious groups accusing them of witchcraft. A group of youths tortured five suspected witches before setting them on fire. [video]n' b'New scheme for population control soon Azad  There will be no law, no force, but only through awareness, efforts will be made to control population.' Why does CNN constantly claim to be 'the best news network out there'.. b'Yo, /r/worldnews, can we stop grouping jews with zionists? It only hurts your case.' b'Jewish Modesty Patrols Sow Fear In Israel' b'Anyone notice Iceland falling apart at the seams?' b'When Europeans were slaves Research suggests white slavery was much more common than previously believed.' b'Minimum vacation time around the world' b'Behind the Bluster, Russia Is Collapsing' b'Drug violence kills at least 49 in Tijuana (Mexico) this week' b'Israel criticized indirectly for refusing review of atomic program' b'Suspected US Missile Strike Kills 20 in Pakistan' b'United States Cuts Condom Funding In Africa' b'Russia Accuses Georgia On Bomb Blast.' b'Two HighRanking McCain Campaign Officials Lobbied For Companies At Center of SexForOil Scandal' 'Jesus was a Palestinian,' claims U.S. history text b'Somali Pirates' b'Blair advised Mandelson on return' b'Iraqi Air Force Receives U.S. Manufactured Advanced Surveillance Planes' b'Crisis talks to save German bank' b'Russia starts pullback from Georgian war zones' British Bullshitting Corporation's (BBC) lies on WTC 7 torn apart by WeAreChange.Org on Ground Zero b'Reports Link Karzais Brother to Heroin Trade' b'Europe Full savings protection soon?' b'US embassy in London to relocate' 'High level of melamine' in two Cadbury products b'Turkish troops bomb northern Iraq after PKK clashes' b'Modesty Patrols Sow Fear In Israel, UltraOrthodox Jews, On Campaign For Purity, Allegedly Stone Women For Wearing Red Blouses' b'India has never been a threat to Pakistan says new Pakistani President' b'On This Day Witold Pilecki Allows Himself to be Captured by the Nazis' b'While claiming to be nonpartisan and not for profit MEMRI uses US tax payer money to mistranslate Arab news media to further a proIsrael agenda' b'Suicide bomb explodes outside Islamabad hotel   many dead' b'Protest turns violent as thousands of Germans take to the streets to counter antiIslamic rightwing demonstration' Pakistan in sovereignty warning Pakistani President Asif said he will not allow Pakistan's territory to be violated by terrorists or foreign powers fighting th b'Why is a massive terrorist attack on Pakistan, blasting a huge crater in the earth and rocking buildings up to two miles away, *not* the biggest story on reddit?' b'Breaking News South African President Mbeki to quit' b'Russia, France put aside Georgia war differences. The US Snarls.' India's moon mission unveiled b'Repression of religious freedom in some parts of China has intensified over the past year, the US government says.' b'Deadly blast targets Marriott Hotel in Islamabad' China's tainted milk scandal has worsened, with tests now showing liquid milk is also affected b'Three year cover up in China milk scandal ' b'How the woman set to be Israels new Prime Minister was an agent  in an elite spy unit' b' A terrorist being questioned' b'Apocalypse Now? New world order could have devastating implications for Western nations' b'Pakistan Warns Against Violation of Sovereignty' b'Russia to build space launch site in Cuba' Bill Maher Video Replaces Top Iraqi Ayatollah's Website In Hacking Stunt [video] (UK) Man Praises Qur'an, Stabs Woman in Head with Screwdriver b'Hadron Collider forced to halt ' b'Bomb Explodes at Hotel in Pakistans Capital, Killing at Least 40' b'Mexico plans antikidnap police' b'Big bailout Where things stand ' b'A Closer Look at Recent Violence in Bolivia'