 Greek bailout extension refused Tunisia will shut down about 80 mosques accused of inciting violence, Prime Minister Habib Essid has said, after a beach attack that left 39 people dead Australian Government Contractors Will Now Go to Jail for Reporting Child Abuse in Detention Centers Unvaccinated Six Year Old Boy Diagnosed With Diphtheria In Catalonia Dies | The Spain Report Seven Kaupthing Bank executives convicted and jailed in Iceland for market manipulation Thousands of angry, torchbearing Hondurans marched on Friday to call for the resignation of President Juan Hernandez and demand an independent probe into one of the worst corruption scandals in the country's history Dutch sue their own government on climate changeand wincourt orders government to action against climate change Greece set to default on loans Police in China's financial hub Shanghai took away at least three busloads of environmental protesters outside the municipal government Saturday, preventing the latest rally that started with a rumor that a petrochemical plant could move into the area 'Majority' Of 38 Tunisia Terror Dead Are British Greeks Line Up at Banks and Drain ATMs After Tsipras Calls Vote NSA Spied On NonAmerican AntiVirus Companies | British and American intelligence agencies have spied on antivirus companies and probed their software for weaknesses, as the snoops sought to enhance their offensive surveillance techniques, according to fresh Snowden docs released by The Intercept Kurds drive IS jihadists from Syria's Kobane Father And HusbandToBe Saves Fiancee's Life After Throwing His Body In Front Of Terrorist Attack Greek PM Alexis Tsipras calls referendum on bailout terms Greece has closed door on further talks Eurogroup's Dijssebloem Security crackdown launched in Tunisia targeting individuals described as extremists, after gunman kills 39 at resort hotel KuwaitBound Plane Declares State Of Emergency Lions will return to Rwanda for the first time in more than two decades, wildlife officials have said, after the endangered animal was wiped out following the country's 1994 genocide Germany's coalition government has approved several arms exports to the Gulf region, despite concerns about conflicts and human rights violations. BRICS Bank to be Operational by End of 2015 South Africa 1/2 Half of Europes electricity set to be from renewables by 2030  Leaked EU paper predicts fast renewables growth to around double current levels if countries meet climate objectives Germany all but buried negotiations to keep Greece from default on Saturday, saying a surprise decision by Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras to call a referendum had left nothing to discuss but how to cope with failure. Cables Released by WikiLeaks Reveal Saudis Checkbook Diplomacy Greek PM Tsipras to call referendum on bailout deal WikiLeaks says it's leaking over 500,000 Saudi diplomatic documents, some files already online Terminally ill children in unbearable suffering should be given the right to die, the Dutch Paediatricians Association said on Friday. Bin Ladens son asked US for death certificate Mens rights group barred from Torontos Pride Parade Bruce Schneier I believe that both China and Russia had access to all the files that Snowden took well before Snowden took them because they've penetrated the NSA networks where those files reside. UK's legalization of CD ripping is unlawful, court rules  anyone who transferred music from a purchased CD to an MP3 player was committing an offense Greece Debt Crisis Despair as $1 Billion Withdrawn From Banks in a Day The world is quickly running out of water, new NASA study says Norway denies Snowden entry for freedom prize | Norways government has refused to allow the NSA whistleblower Ed Snowden to cross over the border from Russia to to collect a freedom of speech prize, warning that he may be at risk of arrest. Putin says Harper will change his mind on Russia in G8 if U.S. tells him to South African President plotted with ministers to allow Omar Al Bashir to escape arrest for human rights crimes on an ICC arrest warrant The world is embarking on its sixth mass extinction with animals disappearing about 100 times faster than they used to, scientists warned Friday, and humans could be among the first victims Japan Says Hopes to Resume Whaling Later This Year Japan plans unilateral restart to Antarctic whaling in 2015, says official  A resumption would defy the International Whaling Commission, which says Tokyo has not proven the mammals need to be killed for research China and Russia to build new highspeed railway Russia and China have announced plans to build a new highspeed railway line from Moscow to Kazan. Passengers will be able to travel some 800 kilometres in just three and a half hours Moscow threatens Belgium with reciprocal measures over assets freeze | Russian President Putin has said that Moscow will defend its interests after Belgium and France froze Russian assets. The move comes after a court awarded claimants a record $50 billion over defunct oil company Yukos. Toyota's Top Female Executive Arrested In Japan On Drug Charges The United Nations took a step closer Friday toward crafting a major treaty that would protect marine life beyond territorial waters by passing a resolution at the General Assembly. David Cameron says Britain will accept just 'a few hundred' more Syrian refugees despite 4 million displaced by the war CIA did not know Yemen drone strike would kill alQaeda leader Nasir alWuhayshi WikiLeaks Releases Saudi Diplomatic Cables Revealing Political Intrigue And Lavish Spending BDS movement seeks to empty Israel of Jews, former Spanish Prime Minister says Brazil about to lower prison age Cambodia is training an elite squad of rats, imported from Africa, to sniff out landmines and other unexploded ordnance in the once warwracked kingdom Israel and World Bank sign water tech deal A biotech startup has managed to 3D print fake rhino horns that carry the same genetic fingerprint as the actual horn. The company plans to flood Chinese rhino horn market at oneeighth of the price of the original, undercutting the price poachers can get and forcing them out eventually. Saudi Arabia warns citizens about 'fake' information after Wikileaks release 60,000 secret documents giving an insight into Saudi foreign policy and the behaviour of the royals Conservationists are hoping to prosecute two men who used a whale shark as a surfboard while being towed by a speedboat. Iran's female vice president has launched a furious attack on sanctimonious hardline groups who forced a ban on women spectators during historic USIran volleyball match An estimated 250,000 people have descended on London to take part in a demonstration against government austerity measures. The Somali jihadist group alShabab has launched a major attack in the country's capital Mogadishu. A suicide bomb has exploded near the national intelligence headquarters World Bank to use Israels water expertise in developing nations Israel strikes Lebanon 'to destroy downed drone' Saudi warns citizens against sharing 'faked' documents after Wikileaks release A 62yearold man in Guatemala has received a hero's welcome after a 200km (125mile) march in protest against government corruption Saudi WikiLeaks memo reveals Iran bombed South Sudan Thousands of revelers, newagers and selfstyled Druids descended on the ancient stone circle at Stonehenge on Sunday, catching a brief glimpse of the sun as they marked the summer solstice  the longest day of the year in the northern hemisphere. Egyptian President invites Vatican Pope Francis to Egypt Israeli border policeman stabbed and wounded by an 18 y/o Palestinian at Damascus Gate in Jerusalem Italian prosecutors are seeking to indict 297 people and the Bank of China in connection with a massive moneylaundering investigation Ukrainian President says Ousting of Ex President was Illegal Over 220 Central American migrants were violently attacked in two different instances in Mexico; 160 Feared Dead Death Toll From Tainted Liquor in Mumbai Reaches 94 Thousands of demonstrators march through Berlin over refugees, Greece | Thousands have demonstrated in Berlin for World Refugee Day, while calling for a solution in crisis talks with Greece. Protesters said Europe should adopt a more open and understanding approach to both issues. US official says British government undermined progress on tax avoidance Hundreds of thousands rally in Rome against gay unions Cambodia to start using rats to sniff out landmines scattered throughout country Nauru detention camp guards 'filmed themselves getting sexual favours from refugees' in return for showers and drugs according to a former case manager on the island. India blames heat wave deaths on climate change Islamic State militants plant mines and bombs in Palmyra monitoring group Poaching has reached an alltime high. 96 elephants are killed a day on average. Fracking poses 'significant' risk to humans and should be temporarily banned across EU, says new report A major scientific study says the process uses toxic and carcinogenic chemicals and that an EUwide ban should be issued until safeguards are in place New Zealand scientists voice concern over gagging on climate change. When 40 percent of scientists say they are being gagged and can't speak out on issues of public importance, it's clear evident something is wrong, Labor science and innovation spokesperson David Cunliffe said in a statement. Australian senate passes controversial antipiracy, websiteblocking laws Afghan parliament under attack  BBC News Giant toxic algae bloom off West Coast may be largest everWhat may be the largest toxic algae bloom ever recorded on the West Coast is poisoning sea lions in Washington State and shutting down fisheries as far north as B.C. Spanish town 'Camp Kill Jews' officially changed name Pope asks Why didn't Allies bomb railway lines to Auschwitz? India has trained dozens of German Shepherds to protect its tigers German MP suggests country's army should have enough equipment  a tank battalion with no tanks is not a tank battalion Russia demonstrates first 'microwave gun' that can disable drones and missiles from up to six miles away at Army2015 Thousands of people formed human chains in cities across Spain's wealthy northern Basque Country on Sunday to call for the right to hold a regional referendum on independence Snapshot Sleuthing Confirms Russian Military Presence In Ukraine EU extends sanctions on Russia UK government study Society on course for collapse by 2040. Backed by Lloyds of London study showing possibility of acute disruption to the global food supply. in the near future China has opened a new, safer and more convenient route for Indians undertaking the arduous KailashManasarovar Yatra as the first batch of pilgrims crossed the Indian border and entered Tibet via Nathu La, in the latest confidencebuilding measure between the two neighbours. The United States and its allies won't let Russia drag us back to the past, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said in an address in Berlin on Monday, as he accused Moscow of trying to recreate a Sovietera sphere of influence. Australia bans more than 240 games in six months Hamas praises 'heroic' stabbing, but avoids responsibility  18yearold assailant Yasser Tarwa shown on terror groups website brandishing its paraphernalia Chinese woman pays to rescue 100 dogs from meat festival Germany frees alJazeera reporter Ahmed Mansour After 3year hiatus, Egypt appoints new ambassador to Israel Across Europe, protesters call for solidarity with Greece | Brussels and Amsterdam have joined London, France, Germany and Italy in hosting mass rallies in support of cashstrapped Greece. Demonstrators said the financial sector must take responsibility for the damage it caused. Canadian mining company dumps toxic waste into Mexican river While the company has denied the spill is toxic, a state environmental body says the corporation will face fines for contamination. Lithuania hasn't decided on arms supply to Ukraine, prime minister says Doctors have voted overwhelmingly to urge the UK Government to remove health and social care services (the NHS) from a controversial trade agreement between the EU and United States (TTIP) | Doctors warned the deal would open up the health service to privatisation by US firms New Pentagon manual declares journalists can be enemy combatants Isis 'crucifies children for not fasting during Ramadan' in Syria  The extremist group's religious police force is reportedly brutally enforcing fasting for the Muslim holy month in its territories Australian land the size of England hits market for $325 million  the biggest property sale on Earth Conditions So Bad at London Prison, Staff Doesn't Bother Cleaning Bloodstained Cells and Beds Holocaust memorial vandalized two weeks after unveiling in Greece Turkey Reacts Angrily to Belgian Prime Ministers Recognition of Armenian Genocide UK parties paid for fake supporters during general election U.S. data hack may be 4 times larger than the government originally said Google eavesdropping tool installed on computers without permission The Demand for Sand is so High There are Illegal Sand Mining Operations  The clamor for sand is so great, that organized crime has sprung up around sand mining. The sand mafias in India are particularly prevalent. Only certain kinds of sand are sought & mining it causes problems. Kurdish forces announce capture of ISIS military base in Syria Commercial fisherman catches a 6.5 Metre, 3 Tonne Basking Shark; Instead of selling the fins for profit, donates the whole specimen to Melbourne Museum. Egypt army digs trench along Gaza border to prevent smuggling Yulin dog meat festival Woman travels 1,652 miles to save as many dogs as she can. 30 killed at crowded mosque by 2 young female suicide bombers in northeast Nigeria Officer who tazed and killed Polish immigrant in Vancouver airport sentenced to 30 months for perjury and collusion Chiles largest city shuts down as smog causes environmental emergency Authorities have recommended Santiagos 7 million residents avoid outdoor activity, closed 1,300 businesses and ordered 1.7m vehicles off the streets The mighty lion, reclusive cave crabs and the world's rarest sea lion are among nearly 23,000 species at risk of dying out, a top conservation body warned Nearly 700 people have died over past 4 days as a result of Karachi's heatwave 60 million kids live without their parents in China. To thwart and extract hacks from antivirus software companies, the spy agencies reverse engineered software, intercepted email and spied on web traffic. Kaspersky Lab was a major target. The result was potentially a gold mine of exploits. China aims to challenge U.S. air dominance Pentagon  China quickly closing the technological gaps, developing radarevading aircraft, advanced reconnaissance planes, sophisticated missiles and topnotch electronic warfare equipment Afghan Soldier Kills 6 Terrorists, Wins New Apartment Medical technology that could eliminate need for animal testing wins design award | Revolutionary OrgansonChips could change the way pharmaceutical trials are conducted France to cap executive pay at state firms no more than 20 times the lowest pay. The NSW upper house has voted in favour of gay marriage Russian Millionaire Tosses Paper Money Planes Out of Office Window, Laughs as People Brawl Over Them Men trick way into North Korea Three Strikes Against ACTA In European Parliament Today Alberta pipeline spill discovered by accident; still leaking oil and water into muskeg. Israeli politician Send human rights activists to prison camps It may seem painless, but drone war in Afghanistan 
is destroying the West's reputation  Telegraph Moscow Mistakenly Plants Field of Marijuana Instead of Grass US student killed while filming violence in Syria AntiCensorship Tool Used in Syria and Iran Compromised It adds a keylogging component, and ships the recorded information off to a server hosted in the US and registered to a person in Saudi Arabia 11yearold played dead to survive Syria massacre BBC News  Russia contributing to potential Syria civil war  US Olympic beer to cost 7.23 a pint  Telegraph Report Chavez's cancer has 'entered the end stage'  Yahoo! News Study Sleepy drivers almost as dangerous as drunk drivers Report Chavez's cancer has 'entered the end stage' Suspect that sent body parts to government parties in Canada may have filmed the killing. Security tighter than ever at Bilderberg conference Ehud Barak If negotiations fail, Israel must consider unilateral withdrawal from West Bank Norway prison plans to hire cell buddies for Breivik Scottish Parliament Formally Endorses Independence Egypts decadeslong state of emergency came to an end on Thursday after its last renewal expired, the ruling military said in a statement, vowing to continue to protect the nation Latest alleged girls' school poisoning blamed on Taliban 'attack on women's education' China says no to another massive stimulus plan to boost economy Stock markets down across Asia as investors sought clues as to how the world's secondlargest economy would respond to its biggest economic challenge in three years. Dutch Parliament kills ACTA by unanimous vote, 'no similar agreement will be ever signed by the government' Rookie Toronto cop harassed and berated by fellow officers for arresting offduty constable on DUI charge Google wins YouTube copyright battle While German and U.S. courts say YouTube is responsible for pirated material, a French court backs Google saying, It has no obligation to police the content. IMF's Christine Lagarde, who chastised Greek tax evaders, pays no taxes herself; she makes $467,940 a year in salary and is given a $83,760 yearly allowance, both taxfree Trololo man in critical health condition Greeks voted themselves the hardestworking country in Europe, with most others saying they were laziest. By hours worked, the Greeks were right. Russian Journalist Stabbed 20 Times, Apparently for Insulting Islam Quebec's Bill 78 threatens freedom of expression 'Its penalties are draconian, designed more to stifle free expression than protect public order. Legislatively, it's the equivalent of using a sledgehammer to crack a nut' Mexico finds cartels making fake military uniforms Pope Benedict on Wednesday [30 May 2012] angrily denounced media coverage of a leaks scandal shaking the Roman Catholic Church, saying it presented a false image of the Holy See. Human foot sent to Conservative Party of Canada headquarters Julian Assange loses appeal against extradition to Sweden After 50 Years of Silence, China Slowly Confronts the 'Great Leap Forward'   Half a century after the famine that killed perhaps 30 million people, censors have quietly loosened their ban and citizens are moving past the taboo. Why now? Christine Lagarde  IMF head who told the Greeks to pay taxes  pays no tax on her $1/2M salary Germany's renewable energy revolution leaves UK in the shade  The country expects renewables to contribute 35% electricity by 2020  no matter what the cost
 One policeman sent to the hospital in Spain after being bitten by 3 women 13 found slain in Syria as world anger mounts  CNN.com BBC News  Julian Assange loses extradition appeal at Supreme Court Spain woes drag euro to 23month low vs dollar Discovery of bones at B.C. lake resurrects one of darkest tales in Canadian history Annan says Syria 'at a tipping point' after massacre  Several nations expel Syrian diplomats to protest the Houla massacre, which officials now say involved mostly housetohouse summary executions of civilians. Iranian Officer Tehran Sent Troops to Syria India to open super highway to Burma and Thailand India is to open a new four lane motorway to allow traders and tourists to drive from its eastern tea state of Assam into Burma, Thailand and eventually Cambodia and Vietnam.  BBC  Increase in West Bank demolitions of Palestinian homes, say United Nations. Ethnic cleaning, say Palestinians.  Unprecedented Wave Of Railway Suicides Hits France Israel agrees to negotiate over pre'67 lines Fatal Radiation Levels At Fukushima Now 'Off The Scale' It's not just Apple and Ikea, China also fakes these stores Disney, Nike, D&G, McDonald's, Starbucks and more Japanese officials are shocked after finding a new record high of radiation at Fukushima contrary to their expectations. Seeing North Korea from the Inside The people of Iceland have now twice voted not to repay international debts incurred by banks, and bankers, for which the whole island is being held responsible. With the present turmoil in European capitals, could this be the way forward for other economies? Swede busted for building a nuclear reactor in his kitchen The Audacity of the World Ignoring Somalia Korean journalist predicts collapse of North  News International ordered mass deletion of emails nine times  Phonehacking scandal Key figure at News International arrested key figure at News International, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiring to intercept communications and corruption. Italy Burqa Ban Muslim Veil Law Passes Parliamentary Commision Israeli high court finds in favor of Palestinian property rights. Syrian protesters demand action to halt killings by Bashar alAssad regime  Activists appeal to international community to increase pressure as condemnation mounts over escalating bloodshed Norway Withdraws Jets from Libya Ops Israel's supreme court ordered the evacuation of a hilltop outpost where some 250 Jewish settlers live without further delay, upholding a petition made by Palestinians and an antisettler group over five years ago Japan Nuclear Crisis Record High Radiation at Crippled Japan Nuke Plant  Murdoch creampie thrower gets 6 weeks in jail Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding Co., run by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said its associate firm, Jeddah Economic Co., had signed a 4.6 billion Saudi riyal ($1.23 billion) deal with Bin Laden Group to build the world's tallest tower in Jeddah The Shabab Islamist insurgent group, which controls much of southern Somalia, is blocking starving people from fleeing the country and setting up a cantonment camp where it is imprisoning displaced people who were trying to escape Shabab territory Egypt army breaks up protest in Cairos Tahrir Square  China Aims To Renew Status As Scientific Superpower. China was probably the world's earliest technological superpower, inventing the plow, the compass, gunpowder and block printing. Then, science in the Middle Kingdom languished for centuries. Philippine capital hit by massive floods Turkeys Generals Resign  
Good analysis of tension between the military and governing AKP. Problem is that the healthy process of asserting civilian control is being undertaken by a party that's intolerant of dissent and has been politicising the bureaucracy Police in Sydney are trying to defuse a bomb that has been strapped to a teenage girl Greece to decriminalize drugs. MP who doggedly hunted News Corp execs was warned by Rebekah Brooks she would pursue him for the rest of his life Italy approves draft law to ban burqa  Randi Zuckberg I think anonymity on the Internet has to go away  Israel's secular middle class strikes back  Protest over housing costs starts to turn into confrontation with the government. Could crack open issue of why so much taxpayers' money is spent supporting unproductive ultraOrthodox Chinese agency downgrades U.S. credit rating Exsoldiers sentenced to 6,000 years in prison for Guatemalan massacre Saudi Arabian lawmakers have put a draft law before the Shura Council that would in effect criminalise legitimate dissent. Ukraine to save bears from forced vodka drinking FINALLY! U.N. Security Council condemns Syria over crackdown NATO investigates BBC reporter's death in Afghanistan. A local news agency has suggested he was killed by US troops. Paralysed woman's tries to claim 6m damages from friend's father after getting drunk and diving into the shallow end of his pool. Fails. Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon accelerated in June, with over 300 sq kilometers destroyed, a 17% increase over the previous month One of our islands is missing Egypt Trial of exPresident Hosni Mubarak to open Libya Allying With Islamists, Qaddafi Son Says The liberals will escape or be killed, vows Seif elIslam elQaddafi . . . Libya will look like Saudi Arabia, like Iran. So what? Head of Radioisotope Center at University of Tokyo, Prof. Kodama, testifies on how serious Fukushima fallout really is Syrian tanks occupy main Hama square, shell cityresidents and besiege protest hubs  All communications have been cut off. The regime is using the media focus on the Hosni Mubarak trial to finish off Hama, one of the residents told Reuters  As Italy Crumbles, Berlusconi Hosts Another Bunga Bunga Party Poll Muslims, atheists most likely to reject violence Cull of 30,000 pet dogs ordered after deadly rabies outbreak in Chinese city of Jiangmen but experts say plan unscientific and inhumane Rape as a Weapon of War Men Suffer, Too  Global Spin  TIME.com I have always been interested in physics and chemistry, Handl said, adding he just wanted to see if it's possible to split atoms at home. Interview with an Utya survivor   'This is police, you're safe.' That's the trick he used.  Military prosecutors discovered the existence of 14,000 CIA photos from 'black sites' in Aghanistan, Poland, Thailand, Romania and Lithuanianow defense attorneys want access CNN confuses butt plug and dildo banner for ISIS flag at London gay pride Spy Agency's Secret Plans to Foster Online Conformity and Obedience Exposed Internal memo from secretive British spy unit exposes how GCHQ and NSA used human psychological research to create sophisticated online propaganda tools More than 25,000 venomous spiders have descended on a small town in Australia and experts have no idea why. Greeks Are Emptying Their Bank Accounts After Last Night's Referendum Announcement Police use teargas and rubber bullets at Istanbul Pride ISIS terrorist leader Caliphate officially declares war with Rome, India, China, Palestine (Israel), Somalia, Iran, Pakistan, Egypt, Iraq, Indonesia, Afghanistan, Tunisia, Libya, Algeria and Morocco. SpaceX just failed at its third attempt to make history, and its 'reusable rocket' just exploded to bits Tunisians march and carry British flags in protest at shooting that left 39 dead Pakistani IT Company Axact Sold 1,918 fake degrees to Saudis From the Arabian Peninsula to northern India to Californias Central Valley, nearly a third of the worlds 37 largest aquifers are being drained faster than they are being replenished, according to a recent study led by scientists at the University of California, Irvine. Japan to invest 20 Billion dollars in Indian solar power French terror suspect took selfie with beheaded victim and sent the image via WhatsApp to a Canadian mobile phone number ISIS uses USmade antitank missiles in Hasakah offensive Turkey will 'never allow' Kurdish state in Syria warns Erdogan Swedish military moves after Russia worries France Adopts Extensive Surveillance Law European Central Bank to 'maintain Greek funding limit' at level agreed on Friday Ecuador has released 201 tortoises on Santa Fe Island in the Galapagos archipelago, where a similar subspecies went extinct more than 150 years ago Belgian doctors give 24year old woman green light to die by euthanasia because of 'suicidal thoughts' An Argentine judge ordered the seizure of assets of oil drilling companies operating in the disputed Falklands Islands on Saturday, as rhetoric heats up before October elections Islanders left drowning under a sea of waste As thousands of tourists flock to tiny Koh Lan, they leave behind tonnes of rotting rubbish that locals are illequipped to handle. Armenian Police Target Journalists In Violent Crackdown A construction worker has found a stash of Swiss Bank gold during demolition work in the Bavarian town of Passau. Authorities are investigating who can claim the gold worth nearly one million euros ($1.12 million). Norways Prime Minister Erna Solberg has described Natos campaign to push member states to spend two percent of GDP on defence as nonsense. 'Blind agreement' and closeddoor deals Report slams TPP negotiations Bill Gates to invest $2bn in breakthrough renewable energy projects Lego To Replace OilBased Plastics Japanese TV channel ran false subtitles in interviews with South Koreans in order to fan antiKorean sentiment Greek banks 'to stay shut on Monday'. Puerto Rico says it cannot pay its debt, setting off potential crisis in the U.S. Activists Want To Know Why No One Is Investigating Libyan Human Rights Lawyer's Murder  Salwa Bugaighis was 1st woman to call for ouster of Qaddafi. After she cast her ballot in last yr's election, men in hoods & military uniforms stormed her home, shot & killed her. Her killers remain at large. Saudi Officials Linked to Jihadist Group in WikiLeaks Cables Legislators in Brazil's largest city, Sao Paulo, have banned the production and sale of foie gras, a delicacy made from the fatty liver of forcefed ducks and geese. City councillors said animals go through a great deal of suffering for the production of the pt. Uber managers arrested in France over 'illicit' taxi service Mafia in Australia Major drug trafficking group linked to senior politicians, investigation reveals Putin Nations must unite to fight Islamic State militants; Russia backs Syria's Assad A young woman died on Monday, the first fatality among nearly 500 casualties from a weekend blaze at a Taiwan water park, officials said, as investigators focused on the coloured powder that rained fire as it was sprayed over revellers from a stage. Turkey is sending 18.000 soldiers into Syria Israel Intercepts First of Four 'Freedom Flotilla' Boats to Gaza Seniors going bankrupt in soaring numbers More Canadians are outliving their savings and spending their golden years in debt. Greece, which may default on an International Monetary Fund debt repayment due on Tuesday after talks with creditors broke down, owes its official lenders 242.8 billion euros ($271 billion), according to a Reuters calculation based on official data. Monkeys break free in great escape from research facility in Puerto Rico Wikileaks reveals Saudi links with Haqqani Network An historic meeting between Pope Francis and Patriarch Kirill of the Russian Orthodox Church is getting closer every day would be a significant step towards healing the 1,000yearold rift between the Western and Eastern branches of Christianity, which split in the Great Schism of 1054. Hamas unveils new tunnel it says reaches into Israel  The attack tunnel is said to be 3.5 kilometers long ISIS executes over 3000 in Syria in yearlong 'caliphate' Russian entrepreneurs have launched a toilet paper covered in text of Western sanctions Lord Janner faces sex abuse prosecution Ukraine to apply for EU membership candidacy US Embassy cables depict a farreaching campaign to prevent Haiti's democratically elected leader from returning to the country after the 2004 coup. Chess federation president barred from presenting prizes at the British chess championships in Sheffield... because he was wearing a gay rights Tshirt Who Is The Guilty Party?  
On the difficulties of trying to be honest in China. Writer buys flat. Previous owner has rigged electricity meter to show only 10% of consumption. You'd think the power company would want to put it right, yes? But nothing is simple Turkey confirms seizure of Iranian arms shipment to 
Syria China The only way the Americans have come up with to improve economic growth has been to take on new loans to repay the old ones... maintaining economic growth and excessive consumption by means of debt financing, hence masses of economic bubbles, which eventually triggered the financial crisis Private Robot Armies And The Future Of War  
In a decade or so the world's armies, terrorists and hobbyists will own thousands if not millions of cheap drones, piloted by algorithms. Scary enough. But what if a botnet hijacks them? Traditional and cyber warfare converge Populist Polish politician found hanged in his party office in Warsaw Philippines Untouchable Soldiers Internetsavvy Chinese are using social networking to share their complaints about extravagant government spending. Even the statecontrolled media are starting to grumble.  Sudan blocks South's oil shipment  [T]here were two weeks when we had none of the paper towels we use for wiping gel off patients. We were using toilet paper and kitchen towels. That was six months ago. Austerity & Greece's crumbling health service. Hama, Syria 40 Premature babies DEAD in hospital chambers as electricity is shut off by the government Hacking whistleblower was ignored Killer shrimp are costing Britain billions of pounds to tackle  It's the worst alien invader of England & Wales' waterways  Deaths reported during Syria protests Activists say at least 12 people killed as thousands take to the streets on Muslim fasting month's first Friday. 200,000 evacuated as China braces for Typhoon Muifa Doctors Without Borders stops work in Bahrain after 
raid An entire Mexican police force resigns over attacks from cartels. Somalia's alShabab rebels leave Mogadishu New 5star hotel opens in blockaded, Hamasruled Gaza for the elite amid widespread poverty Turkey Dials Back Plan to Expand Censorship  Syrian tanks roll out in force  Residents flee tank assaults on Deir ezZor and Homs even as government promises free general elections by year's end. MP on News Corp execs It now seems to be everyone for themselves. The edifice is cracking. Theyre all fighting like rats in a sack.  Emergency G7 summit called as markets continue to fall  Telegraph At least 10 killed in Somali refugee camp firefight London riot intensifying  Phone hacking Rebekah Brooks of News Intl. may have resigned her position, but she remains on the company payroll. Riot breaks out and police cars set on fire in Tottenham after a father of four was shot dead by police. 
	US special forces killed in Afghanistan crash  Central & South Asia  Al Jazeera English
 31 U.S. troops, 7 Afghans killed in Taliban attack on NATO helicopter In a rare event, Taliban insurgents shoot down a Chinook helicopter with a rocketpropelled grenade near Kabul. It's the largest singleincident loss of military lives since the war's start. Italian bond market, the world's 3rd largest, is teetering on collapse  the European Central Bank votes whether or not to bail them out at noon EST today. Japanese people start hoarding last year's rice for fear that this year's crop may be radioactive London regroups after 'worst riots in years' Authorities call for calm in aftermath of riots that former police chief called a glimpse into the abyss. Top Gear lies about electric cars Fukushima City resorts to secret dumping to deal with piles of radioactive dirt Doubts emerge over fatal shooting of Mark Duggan, which sparked two days of rioting. According to police estimates, 300,000 protesters took to the streets across Israel in what constitutes the largestever protest in the countrys history. Torture efficiency, western style Under UK's secret torture policy, intelligence officers were instructed to weigh value of information sought against pain inflicted. In Afghanistan, the rise and fall of Little America On The Trail Of George Orwells Outcasts  


80 years ago Orwell published his famous work Down and Out in Paris and London. Could the same poverty and destitution he described still exist today? Retracing his steps reveals some awkward truths. Initial ballistics tests of bullet that hit police officer's radio in Mark Duggan killing show it was a police issue round Germany has requested that the U.N. Security Council meet on Monday to discuss the worsening violence in Syria, a spokesman for the German mission at the United Nations said. Cuba opening to private enterprise spurs service sector startups Angry crowds have attacked riot police in north London following a protest at the fatal shooting of a man by armed officers earlier in the week.  Syrian military defied growing condemnation and deployed dozens of tanks into the restive city of Deir alZour, killing at least 20 people, activists said.  
      Germany doubts larger fund can rescue Italy report

 Somalia famine Rebels leave Mogadishu  
Islamic extremist rebels withdraw from Somalia capital, food distribution to improve. Students Pressure Chile to Reform Education System through Kissing Protests and Hunger Strikes China's foreign minister has arrived in Sudan, the first highlevel visit by Khartoum's key ally since South Sudan became independent in July.  Arab League calls on Syria to halt violence as more than 60 die in latest Assad crackdown Activists say casualties escalating by the hour as security forces launch attack on the city of Homs; Arab League chief says Syria government must expedite steps toward reform. Scientology's Viral Marketing b'In China, Web Users Made a Stand for Freedom of Expression, and Won  Web Filter Launch Postponed, No New Deadline' b'Survivors of torture joined human rights activists in the streets of Washington DC to demand prosecution of those involved in planning and implementing U.S. torture policies' Saddam Hussein's FBI Interviews Revealed b'Amnesty accuses Israel of using human shields in Gaza' b'ACLU Obama Admin. Relying On Tortured Confession In Habeas Case' b'UN expert says Israeli seizure of aid ship a crime' b'The US media and govt are GETTING IT WRONG AGAIN. The people of Honduras are desperately trying to hold on to their democracy. **PLEASE** read this letter from an American humanitarian who has lived in Honduras for 30 years.' b'North Korea test fires two missiles. Test chaos ensues.' UK Government bans former antiterror chief's tellall book b'The Great American Bubble Machine by The Rolling  Stone Magazine  Something, that every person on  this planet should read. [via SAForum (!)]' b'Honduras Coup Leaders Suspend Constitutional Guarantees' b'Civil War is unfolding in Niger' Operation Ore, Britain's biggest internet paedophile operation, may be investigated for miscarriages of justice Carradine's death 'not suicide' FBI says Saddam's weapons bluff aimed at Iran FBI says Saddam's weapons bluff aimed at Irann| Saddam told FBI he faked WMDs to bluff Irann| Reuters US opens 'major Afghan offensive' Croatia's Prime Minister resigns without any explanation 19 months after winning his second election b'Italians plan to gather in Vicenza to take nonviolent action aimed at freeing Italy from U.S. occupation and opposing the proposed construction of an enormous new U.S. military base' b'Crisis in Honduras, JuneJuly 2009 Coup if it is rightist, revolution if it is leftist' b'Israeli troops seize aid ship' Why President Zelaya's Actions in Honduras Were Legal and Constitutional Israel 'wantonly destroyed Gaza' Honduras' Coup Congress Erases Five Basic Liberties b'Corpses for cash USbacked soldiers in Colombia are killing innocent people, dressing them up as FARC rebels, and collecting cash rewards.' Six people were hanged in Tehran's Evin prison today (July 1st)  Iran Human Rights b'The EU decided today to summon all Iranian ambassadors in capitals across Europe in a coordinated protest over the detention of UK embassy staff.' b'Iran Hangs Protesters' Iran's 'informant' hotline revealed IRAN Ten days of anguish, abuse inside Tehran's prison archipelago b'Amnesty Israel Used Children as Human Shields in Gaza Amnesty accused Israeli forces of using children as human shields and conducting wanton attacks on civilians. ' b'Red Cross Report on Israeli Action in Gaza Should NOT be Forgotten!' b'Giant Naked Goddess to be Carved in Hillside' Iran regime has become a 'naked dictatorship' b'Six people were executed in Qom. 29 people scheduled to be executed in Tehran.  Iran Human Rights (July 3)' b'new movement from iranians to boycott nokia' b'British embassy staff in Iran to go on trial for election protests.' b'Torture In Iran' Video interviews with two Palestinians who have won international scholarships, but aren't allowed by Israel to accept them. b'We were on our way home from a funeral when he was pulled out of the car and arrested. Iran' b'Missile experts see Soviet parts in NKorean rocket' b'Why Iraq is Now the Most Corrupt Country on the Planet ' b'Iran Cleric Says British Embassy Staff to Stand Trial' b'17 die in US missile strike in Pakistan ' b'Saddam Hussein Clears Things Up To The FBI ' b'Iranian blogger who claimed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has Jewish roots is being detained by Iranian authorities' b'Defense Department Releases Previously Secret Torture Documents' b'Iraq Sanaas cry for her missing husband ' b'Aid workers in Darfur are in impossible situation' b'Happy Canada Day!' Israel's naval blockade devastating key Gazan  industry and source of food fishing. Oslo accord  limit was 20 nautical miles  Israel unilaterally  reduced to 3 nautical miles Eager to Tap Iraq's Vast Oil Reserves, Industry Execs Suggested Invasion b'Now police say the man who died at April's G20 demonstrations in London may have been assaulted by a police impersonator' b'Here we go again  Israel planning to expropriate another 2% of West Bank land ' b'The new owners of The Pirate Bay say users will be paid for sharing files.' Iran's Mousavi says new government illegitimate b'Six Mousavi supporters reportedly hanged in Iran' China's Marlboro Country The strange, underground world of Chinese counterfeit cigarettes. b'North Korea vs. USS John McCain.  North Korea blinks. ' ID cards 'will never be compulsory' for Britons. Yay! b'Italian People Not another US base on our soil!  A local referendum voted 95 percent against the base.  A leader of the opposition to the base has been elected to the local government.  An Italian prime minister has been temporarily thrown out of power.  ' What's next for Iceland? Croatia's PM Sanader steps down  b'Goldman Sachs 'Engineering Every Major Market Manipulation Since the Great Depression'  Rolling Stone' b'Israeli navy takes control of activist ship to Gaza' b'No cure for the human condition ... suicide rates are up in the one country where the happiness of people is the cornerstone of the government policy.' b'AlQaeda threatens France with revenge over burka stance' b'Darkness over Iran. Censorship strangle the iranian web but in the world the attention is still high' b'Naomi Klein Oppose the state of Israel, not the  people' Two boys, ages 5 and 6, are caught in SNAFU in  Gaza because Israel won't allow them to go to  Jerusalem to renew their U.S. passports   Naturally, Israel blames Hamas b'A garden party in east Beijing billed as a protest against Green Dam, a controversial web filtering software, turned into a celebration after the programme was postponed' b'Airbus Again Teenage girl sole survivor of Comoros jet crash with 153 aboard' b'Sentencing will take place this week in the first federal cyber bullying case in the US which was brought to trial after a teenage girl took her own life.' b'In the wake of yesterdays crash of Yemenia Flight IY626, European Union Transport Commissioner Antonio Tajani is urging for an expansion of the EUs aviation blacklist.' b'Uganda to outlaw female circumcision ' b'BREAKING NEWS 129 killed in Muslim riots in western China, state media report' Iran's Revolutionary Guard takes command (and ownership of the country) Weapons inspector who died of 'suicide' in '03 was writing expose on Iraq's lack of WMD's  At least 140 people killed in UighurHan riots in Western China's Xinjiang region b'How to stop basiji bikers' b'China riots worst outbreak of ethnic violence in 33 years' b'Israeli settlers attack peace activists and a news crew' b'As Marwa wrapped up her statement to the court, the accused man lunged at her with a knife he had brought with him. In front of her child, Marwa was stabbed eighteen times in less than 30 seconds.' b'Israeli Minister calls for Jewish takeover of Palestinian areas in Israel  ' b'Think White Supremacy and Racism is Dead?  Think Again.  ' b'Deadly Clashes in Honduras as ExPresidents Return Blocked ' b'It's Been a Bad Week for Israel  Israel no longer  enjoys its traditional 'immunity' from criticism' b'Ethnic Rioting In China  Twitter Blocked | Techgeist' Afghanistan's only pig released from quarantine b'Programmer Steals Software That Runs Goldman Sachs Automated Trading Systems' I know the translation is horrible, but the gist of it is this on July 4, the government of Iran changed their statement, saying that the BBC and CNN faked Neda's death, and that no one actually died. b'Boeing 757 breaks down? No problem, find a passenger who can fix it.' b'Iran to prosecute satellite TV contributors' b'McKinney released, returning to United States' b'Honduras Riot police fire live rounds at protesters. 10yearold boy killed. Honduran emergency services confirmed that a child had been killed and a Red Cross spokesman said it was treating about 30 people for injuries.' Christian MP got taxpayers to pay for 68 hotel 'paytoview movies'  b'140 killed in China riots   [Video]' Britain's most popular zoo was evacuated on Sunday after 30 chimpanzees escaped from their enclosure. Hondurans pour into the streets  `We are more determined than ever to overthrow this terrible coup' My friend in Honduras just sent me an email with videos and pictures of the military firing on peaceful protesters. I uploaded his eyewitness account for everyone to see. Please don't let this disappear, because no one else is reporting it. b'Watch this Israeli TV Footage of Settlers Attacking  Peace Now Activists and TV Crew' b'Iran 34 people hanged in less than a week' b'Girls He Tricked Us Into Sex With Tarot Card' b'Iranian Reformists Planning Strike Please let them know that if they are watching, fewer of us will be killed. It is when America stops paying attention that the regime loses all restraint.' b'Mir Hossein Moussavi, Mehdi Karroubi & Mohammad Khatami joint statement' b'Iranian opposition leaders have criticized what they describe as the security state.  They are asking for all those arrested to be released.' b'Official Internet cut in Xinjiang to prevent riot from spreading' b'Her name is Hiyam. Remember her! A Gaza teenager killed by Israelis as she offered aid.' b'Israeli Supreme Court extends restrictions on nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu for another 6 months. Vanunu is prohibited from leaving the country, speaking with foreigners, or approaching foreign embassies.' b'UK weapons inspector David Kelly was writing a book exposing highly damaging government secrets before his mysterious death' b'Han Chinese, backed by police, now retaliating against Uighur protests and violence in Chinese northwest. This could get very ugly very fast.' b'G20 police authorised to use force minutes before  Ian Tomlinson died' b'RICO Violations Leveled Against Blackwater Over Baghdad Massacre' b'Han Chinese protesters seek Muslim Uighur targets ' b'UN experts gravely concernednby mass arrests in Iran' b'Robert McNamara, Vietnam war engineer who that sent thousands of young people to their utterly pointless deaths' b'China arrests 1,434 after deadly Xinjiang riots' b'A curfew has been imposed on the city of Urumqi in western China for a second night after ethnic riots on Sunday which left 156 people dead.' b'Pakistan Taliban buying children for suicide attacks' b'Nico Pitney Iran Uprising Blogging (Tuesday July 7)' b'Ahmadinejad Iran election was world's freest. ok, sure. if Khomenei's sock puppet says so, it must be true...' b'Man blows himself up while fishing with dynamite' Polar bear expert barred by global warmists  Mitchell Taylor, who has studied the animals for 30 years, was told his views 'are extremely unhelpful Gaza conflict Residents' Views on Hamas' Standing  After the Israeli Incursion Last January b'Hey Reddit, I have a 1947 world altas. I wonder if it can teach us anything about peace in the Middle East? [pic]' Israel has taken everything away from the Palestinians, now in a new PR move they're claiming the White House is being unfair asking them to end settlement expansion claiming the Palestinians are not making any concessions, what concessions could they possibly make? b'North Korea Launches 7 Missiles Off Its East Coast' b'Operation Ore may have left a scar on British justice Scores of the men caught may not be paedophiles, but victims of identity theft' Armed Israeli 'settlers' take over Mosque in Hebron for 'half hour of Jewish prayers'. The IDF (most moral army in the world) fearing for the safety of these armed thugs stood by in guard. b'Witness Overwhelmed Iranian hopsital staff, Iranian police confiscating bodies in trucks' b'McKinney refuses to sign document to win release' b'This is Cynthia McKinney and Im speaking from an Israeli prison cellblock in Ramle ' b'IRAN Protests in Kashan University ' b'Help Protesters in Iran Run a TOR Bridge or a TOR Relay!' b'Key leaders of Honduras military coup trained in U.S.' b'USbacked Colombian soldiers execute innocent for cash' b'NKorea fires 3 missiles off east coast' b'We did it in Saddam's palace and I can think of nothing better. That S.O.B. is rolling over in his grave right now, Biden said of the former Iraqi dictator during a naturalization ceremony for U.S. troops in Iraq. ' b'AIPAC propagandist Dennis Ross moves over to the National Security Council' b'G8 Protest Turns Violent' b'Iran election crisis Much ado about nothing?' b'Russia to allow US arms shipments to Afghanistan' b'EU resolve hardens as British workers face Iran show trial after the regime said that they had admitted conspiring against the Islamic Republic' b'Yup  Bahrain did make a state visit to Israel ' b'Interview with Adie Mormech of Free Gaza from  Israel Prison' b'Iran hangs 20 drug traffickers in one day  IRNA | Herald Sun' Jordan's identity crisis  An important article was published in Al Quds this week, reprinted from Al Jazeera, that uncovers the problems that Jordan has with its Palestinian Arab population that rarely gets any Western coverage. Here is my translation    Welcome to an inhuman country. Church, intellectuals and human rights organizations against the racist security decree in Italy, but Berlusconi government doesn't care b'African leaders denounce International Criminal Court' b'Whats been happening in Iran since everyone stopped paying attention?  A first hand account, Vice Magazine style.' b'Cynthia McKinney Refuses Israel's Offer of Release  McKinney refused the offer because she would have been required to sign an admission of guilt that she violated Israel's blockade.' b'iranian protesters beating up the police, july 3rd' b'Canadian gas pipeline hit by 6th bomb ' b'New cyber sword coming to the help of Iranians' b'Honduras's new de facto chancellor Obama is a little black man who knows nothing.' b'Ukraine Outlaws Possession of Porn But Medical Purposes OK' b'Smokers may have to cough up $20 for a pack of cigarettes' b'German officials move to ban flatrate bordellos. Also, German news is hilarious.' b'Israel is hijacking the voice of Jewish people' b'Costa Rica is the greenest and happiest country on the planet, UK comes in at 74 and the US at 114 out of 143 countries' b'Leading Clerics Defy Ayatollah on Disputed Iran Election' b'Jordanian police Sunday arrested 11 people, including trade union leaders, to break up a demonstration against fruit and vegetable imports from Israel, protest organizers said.' b'Ahmadinejad says he wants public talks with Obama ' b'Iran clerics defy election ruling' You Tube, Twitter, and Blog Israel, Like Iran, Can't Control How the World Sees Inside It b'The Violent Oppression of Women in Islam (NSFW)' b'Syria mends US, Arab ties as ally Iran in turmoil' b'Clerical Group Defies Leader on Disputed Iran Election  ' b'When Americans do it, it's enhanced interrogation; when Iranians do it, it's torture.' b'Philippines church bomb blast kills five' b'Obama seeks thaw in USRussia ties' b'En vivo lo que sucede en #Honduras. Live, the military coup is firing upon the Honduran people awaiting the arrival of President Zelaya.' b'Right to food law in India proposed ' b'Zionists are furious, Canadians are allowed to watch Al Jazeera, Fox News biggest loser ' b'Woman who falsely cried rape jailed for 1 year ' b'A man is found guilty of insulting and abusing a muslim woman by calling her a terrorist and an Islamist whore. During an appeal court hearing, he stabs her 18 times to death. Her husband gets shot while trying to save her and it turns out that she was three months pregnant. ' MP uses his parliamentary immunity to break through the secret act Britain outsources Torture. British Reddits, please read his statement  I can't think of anything more important to do today than read this and then writetothem(.org) Rupert Murdoch's newspapers try to bury evidence of their phone tapping and hacking of British politicians. A forest of steel pillars was unveiled in London's Hyde Park today honouring the victims of the July 7th, 2005 attacks on the city's transit system. b'G8  India is willing to discuss proposals to replace the US dollar as the global reserve currency' b'Rape a huge problem in Afghanistan, U.N. says. Families will often resort to the traditional and religious practices of baad and zina to save face, either by insisting the victim marry the rapist or prosecuting her for sexual relations outside of marriage.' b'A 31year old, headscarfwearing Egyptian Muslim woman, Marwa AlSherbini, who was about four months pregnant, takes her German neighbor to court for calling her a terrorist. Now, in the courtroom, the neighbor, Alex W., stabs her 18 times right in front of her 3year old son.' b'Catholic priest pleads guilty to 29 sex offences ' b'Iranians arrested during election protests are being subjected to harsh interrogations, beatings, sleep deprivation, and threats of torture to extract false confessions stating that they were supported by foreign powers and aimed at overthrowing the government HRW' b'Israeli Housing Minister Jews, Arabs should not live together.  Arabs buy apartments in places with a Jewish nature, which causes unwanted friction.  He also complained about the expansion of [the Arab] population that doesn't love the state of Israel.' b'Police give antisocial behaviour warning to twoyearold  Telegraph' Afghanistan's only pig escapes b'They are basically importing cheap labour, for cooking, cleaning and driving cabs, in the guise of education. Costly lesson for Indians in Australia.' b'Mojtaba Khamenei, son of the Iran's supreme leader, has taken control of the militia being used to crush the protest movement, according to a senior Iranian source. This game has not finished. The game has only just started.' b'South Korea says the major websites including government agencies and banks have been paralyzed due to a suspected cyber attack.' BNP advocates sinking illegal immigrant's boats at sea b'Revealed  the secret torture evidence MI5 tried to suppress' b'Honduras Teachers and workers are on strike since Monday for an unlimited period of time, condemn the military coup, reject the defacto government' b'North Korea attacks! (US Treasury department and Secret Service web sites.)' b'As Iraq Stabilizes, China Bids on Its Oil Fields' b'A Letter from an Israeli jail' b'Homeschooled Inuit Ready to Graduate from US College at 16' b'Tories give $400K to Toronto Gay Pride Parade; Harper not gay about it.' b'Hey Reddit Want to better understand the recent violence in China's Xinjiang region?  Here's Human Rights Watch's report on the complex architecture of law, regulation, and policy in Xinjiang that denies Uighurs religious freedom, and by extension freedom of association, assembly, and expression.' b'Australia town bans the sale of bottled water, first community in the world to do so' b'She is fifteen. He is sixteen. She lures him into an ambush. Prepared by his rival. He is stabbed and beaten with baseball bats. He dies. The girl and the boy trot off, she carrying his hoodie and a bloody purse.' Pictures from those uigharhan riots we've been reading about (graphic) b'Iran Erupts Again' Swiss unions demand six  that's right, six  weeks vacation for all b'Drones kill X amount of people in country Y (I see this headlines so often I have become numb to the fact that unmanned machines are killing humans). Its like we are in a 1980's scifi film or something...' b'Fox News owner under phone hacking investigation  breaking live.' b'Censordyne because Internet censorship is FUN. PS Fuck you Kevin Rudd' b'Charged with espionage for taking mobile pics in Iran ' b'An attempt by Hamas police to detain a young woman walking with a man along the Gaza beach has raised alarms that the Islamic militant group is seeking to match its political control of the coastal territory with a strict enforcement of Islamic law.' b'BNP leader sink boats with African migrants on board' b'Violent clashes erupt between Iranian protesters and security forces ' Russia 'shot down its own planes'  b'Iranian dissident blows the whistle on former militia colleagues who committed violent acts against protesters in recent weeks' b'Thousands protest, defy crackdown in Iran  crowds chant death to the dictator' b'Crowd enjoyed watching a rape attack in public until this decent man stopped it' b'3YearOld Girl Killed with Acid...' b'The Israel Project Ending Settlements = Ethnic Cleansing' b'Accused of returning to terrorism, former Gitmo detainee a respected Afghan politician' b'Remember those two US journalists arrested and jailed for grave crimes in N. Korea? Don't worry, not many people do but they're still in prison' 'Four JDL members trashed Paris bookstore' | Jewish News | Jerusalem Post b'More Than $600 Billion And Counting Iraq War Lies Revisited' Sink immigrants' boats, says BNP Member of European Parliament. Pirate Bay's anonymous web surfing  service 'Ipredator' set for launch. b'Tens of thousands of South Korean computers set to selfdestruct on Friday, North Korea suspected.' Associated Press standards editor to staff Combat in Iraq is not over, and we should not uncritically repeat suggestions that it is, even if they come from senior officials. The situation on the ground in Iraq is no different today than it has been for some months. Israel Soldier admits to looting Turkish aid flotilla ship Russian Submarine Hunts Clues to CenturyOld Mystery. Legend has it that almost a century ago a series of railway wagons stuffed with gold sank into the depths of a lake in Siberia. This week, researchers, exploring the depths by submarine, may have found the Russian royals' lost gold. Cheerleaders cover their skin to avoid offending the Iranians at US vs Iran basketball game Hamas, 10 other groups pledge to continue targeting Israelis The European Commission has suspended plans, resisted by Ireland, to allow the transfer to Israel and storage there of sensitive personal data on European citizens Russian spy found dead on beach may have been killed United Nations now says 240 women, girls, and babies may have been raped in DR Congo town. Energy in Brazil The sugar industry produces food, fuel and environmental benefits. How fast it grows may depend on an argument about how it should be regulated Murdoch Reporters's PhoneHacking Was Endemic, Victimized Hundreds  Andy Coulson, currently media advisor to British Prime Minister David Cameron, is accused of having encouraged the hacking during his tenure as editor of Murdochs News of the World paper 13 Palestinian armed groups vow to step up attacks against Israel Europe deporting Iraqi refugees now that combat operations are over Pakistani news site tries hard to blame India and the West for Cricket match fixing scandal Highprofile Portugal child sex abuse 'proved' Spanish 'Mecca' disco angers some Muslims
 Karzai moves to assure Afghan depositors The Kabul Bank intervention sparks a rush of withdrawals Testing Chvez  If the polls are reliable, it seems that Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez will be tested on September 26. For the defenders of Venezuelan democracy, the test will come the morning after The Peanut Solution Suicide blast rips through Pakistan city, 43 dead NATO attack kills 10 civilian campaign workers in Afghanistan.  Press release calls it a precision air strike. US SecDef says he's not aware of civilian casualties and that the attack hit its intended target.  In other news, US complains Karzai is not doing enough to fight corruption. Russia extends ban on Aug. wheat exports A virtual counterrevolution | The Economist Israeli and Palestinian leaders begin framework talks 
on a peace deal Mexico drug war the new killing fields Iran opposition leader's home attacked Everest College, a U.S.owned chain of 14 private career schools, shut down in Ontario, Canada by provincial government after allegations of falsified job placement and grade data Another atheist sentenced in Egypt. University reported disbelieving student to the authorities NSA/GCHQ hacked into world's largest manufacturer of SIM cards, stealing encryption keys Family of girl stripsearched at Quebec school to sue school board Finnish President Signs SameSex Marriage Law Drugresistant malaria has been detected at the MyanmarIndia border and now poses an enormous threat to global health, scientists have said. ProRussian rebels in eastern Ukraine have broken a daysold ceasefire more than 250 times since it went into effect earlier this week, a US official said Thursday President Zuma to white South Africans  We're a rainbow nation and nobody will chase you away. We'll fight against those who will say so, so there must be no fear at all US Military Reveals Massive Plan To Attack, Retake Mosul From Islamic State Israel 'crucial and loyal ally in fight against Boko Haram,' says Nigerian gov't spokesperson Thousands of cats smuggled from China buried in Vietnamese cull. First reports suggested that many of the cats were buried alive but Hanoi police later issued a statement denying this happened, insisting they were crushed to death with a dump truck before being buried. German academics wait till Hitler's copyright expires to publish annotated version of Mein Kampf Ireland has just given Malta a naval ship, instead of selling it The Irish Government has donated the recentlydecommissioned L AOIFE to Malta to help the Mediterranean country deal with the ongoing refugee crisis in the region Iran has stopped questionable nuclear centrifuge testing IAEA Georgia condemns Russia, South Ossetia deal as step toward annexation US Embassy Turkey, US sign deal to train, arm Syrian rebels Thailand bans foreigners from paying Thai women to be surrogates, after highprofile cases spark debate  Case of boy with Down's syndrome put its surrogacy industry in the spotlight. His Thai surrogate said his Australian parents abandoned him, but took his healthy twin sister home. Israel increases Gaza exports and exit permits for merchants  COGAT increases quota for Gazan merchants traveling to West Bank, eases travel restrictions, and expands agricultural exports. Obama rejects as 'ugly lie' notion that West at war with Islam Venezuelan Opposition Leaders Say Caracas Mayor Arrested Tel Aviv bus stabber who injured 17 indicted Palestinian terrorist wanted to become a martyr, kill as many Israelis as possible, court documents show 2 Strong Cyclones Hit Remote Parts of Northern Australia NATO Urges Russia To 'Withdraw All Its Forces' from Eastern Ukraine The Islamic State caliphate is in danger of losing its main supply route Belarusian President Lukashenka, the last dictator of Europe, says his country is ready for a constructive dialogue with NATO | said the fighting in Ukraine has shown that Belarus must have an army capable of protecting its national interests US judge rejects BPs bid to decrease $13.7bn fine for 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill No one killed in Torch skyscraper fire in Dubai Fire rips through Torch skyscraper in Dubai, one of the tallest residential buildings in the world Obama said everyone wants secure mobile communications. But the NSA worked to undermine that. North Korea has 100,000 labourers working abroad in a statesponsored slavery scheme Critically endangered pangolins rescued, then sold as food  Vietnamese officials illegally trade 42 protected pangolins, placing a spotlight on the creatures, which are the most trafficked wild mammals in the world A parliamentary motion asking for an inquiry into the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's (ISIL) activities inside Turkey has been rejected by the votes from President Erdogan's ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP). US Judges will soon be able to issue worldwide warrants Copenhagen shooting 500 gather for gunman's funeral Tokyo is on high alert ahead of the annual city marathon on Feb. 22 following the recent hostage crisis where two Japanese nationals were held captive and killed by the Islamic State militant group. A civil war is brewing in Yemen Moody's downgrades Russia sovereign debt to junk Libyan chemical weapons 'seized by extremists' Russian Soldiers Were In Debaltseve Fighting Against Ukrainian Military, Claims Russian Newspaper Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday other countries should not have the illusion that they can attain military superiority over Russia Scattered across the ocean floor in the cold waters of the Arctic are nuclear submarines and reactors dumped by the Soviets up until the early 1990s. Now, as energy companies are seeking to drill in those same waters, the Russian government has shown an interest in cleaning up its nuclear waste. Russian expansionism may pose existential threat, says Nato general US, Iraq preparing a 20,000 man spring offensive to retake Mosul from ISIS Scared By Russia, Sweden And Finland Make War Pact Zambia's top prosecutor on Friday stunned a magistrate when he refused to prosecute himself on charges of abuse of office and declared himself a free man Stolen statue of Irish sea God Manannn mac Lir has been found French Carrier Enters Persian Gulf, ISIS Strike Missions Could Start Soon Isil suicide bombing kills at least 45 in Libya Fistfight breaks out in Turkeys parliament over controversial bill to increase police powers Researchers from Kaspersky Lab have uncovered the first ever Arabic language advanced persistent threat (APT) group. Dubbed Desert Falcons, the group of thirty or so attackers Leading ClimateDenier Harvard Scientist Caught Accepting Bribes from FossilFuel Corporations as well as the Koch Brothers. Australia's Prime Minister admits the system let us down as the government releases the first report into the Sydney siege A national security hotline received 18 calls about the selfstyled cleric Man Haron Monis just days before he took 18 people hostage at a cafe in Sydney. Deadly bomb blast hits peaceful rally in Kharkiv, Ukraine 19 aircraft were refused use of Irish airspace or airports in 2014 over concerns they were carrying indiscriminate military hardware like cluster bombs | The mainly US planes, classed as civilian, were rejected on advice from the Department of Foreign Affairs and forced to reroute. Fresh nuclear leak detected at Fukushima plant in Japan. Sensors, which were rigged to a gutter that pours rain and ground water at the Fukushima Daiichi plant to a nearby bay, detected contamination levels up to 70 times greater than the alreadyhigh radioactive status seen at the plant campus. Plastic waste from Pacific Ocean found in trout returning inland to spawn had perforated its stomach and shredded its anus raises concern over pollution levels decimating fish stock in future. Turkish men wear skirts in protest for victimized women Ancient fountain in Rome permanently damaged by rowdy Dutch soccer fans Saudi female TV presenters urged to dress more modestly  BBC News Modi bets on GM crops for India's second green revolution. Allowing GM crops is critical to Modi's goal of boosting dismal farm productivity in India, where urbanisation is devouring arable land and population growth will mean there are 1.5 billion mouths to feed by 2030  more even than China. Malta rejects Irish navy ship gift, calling it junk Filthy India air cutting 660 million lives short by 3 years Baghdad, the capital of Iraq, set to get first female mayor, Zekra Alwach will be the only female mayor of any Arab League capital. US Chevron quits shale gas operations in Romania. Bangladesh ferry capsizes after collision, at least 33 dead Pakistani and Indian doctors set up joint medical facility in Karachi Thailands militarydominated parliament has passed a law banning foreigners from paying Thai women to be surrogates, which threatens to push the countrys booming fertility tourism industry underground. The move follows a string of scandals involving Australians and Japanese who hired Thai women. Coldest Night of the Year homelessness fundraiser events cancelled...due to the cold Charlie Hebdo cartoonist receives online death threats from jihadists CocaCola bottler suspends operations in Mexican city following attacks on its workers and its trucks. CNN Kerry threatens more sanctions over Ukraine Turkey evacuates troops at historic tomb in Syria, one soldier killed [Unconfirmed]Turkey moves military into Syria Russia cut to 'junk' by Moody's; says Russia's economy is headed for a deep recession in 2015. India's Petroleum ministry leak 5 executives arrested for corporate espionage in what is being called a Rs 10,000 crore scam (~ US$1.6bn, GBP1bn, supporting link in comments). The family of the codebreaker Alan Turing will visit Downing Street on Monday to demand the government pardons 49,000 other men persecuted like him for their homosexuality. There's a massive new leak of confidential spy files from MI6, Mossad and the FSB China to credit Ukraine for $3.6 bln to reduce dependence on Russian gas Edward Snowden documentary Citizenfour wins Oscar Report ISIS leader gunned down in Mosul. Egypt's President It's time for an Arab coalition against ISIS Reuters bureau chief found dead in Islamabad Measles kill toddler in Berlin The vice principal of a Turkish high school who raised eyebrows after suggesting the formation of harassment teams to prevent female students from wearing short skirts, has been relieved from administrative duty and reappointed to another school as a plain teacher Israel is to purchase 14 F35 stealth fighters from US aerospace giant Lockheed Martin at a cost of around $110 million each Thirty Jihadis return home to Australia after being foreign fighters Indias Largest Bank Commits $12.5 Billion For Renewable Energy Funding Homeless Britons Are Turning To The Sikh Community For Food Grand Imam of Egypt's top Islamic Institution has called for a radical reform of religious teaching to tackle the spread of islamic extremism. Large Hadron Collider scientists gear up to discover new particle with a recent upgradea new particle could be detected this year that is even more exciting than the Higgs boson. Girl as young as seven kills herself and five others in Nigeria suicide bombing by Boko Haram Ukraine's army refuses to start withdrawing heavy weapons. A Ukrainian military spokesman told reporters on Monday that the move will not start before rebel attacks stop completely. The leader of an ISIS brigade in Qalamoun was shot dead by a senior official of his own group, in a disagreement over allegiances and relations with the Nusra Front. Putin approved Ukraine invasion before Kiev government collapsed A Russian newspaper claims to have an official government strategy document outlining the invasion of Ukraine that was prepared weeks before the Ukrainian government collapsed last year ISIS Destroy Virgin Mary Church and Central Library of Mosul Great Britain Baroness Warsi gave official roles to people with links to extremist groups France deployed an aircraft carrier in the Gulf as part of the USled military campaign against the Islamic State Israel asks UN to condemn Iran Holocaust cartoon contest Hindus urge Pope Francis to discipline Derry priest who warns of risk involved in yoga 'HamasFatah rift hindering efforts to rebuild Gaza,' Arab League says The city of Edmonton is considering adding an eleven kilometer (seven mile) 'freezeway' that will allow residents to skate to work, with a pilot project planned for as early as next winter. New Zealand to enter the war against ISIS 70 firms named and shamed after refusing to pay their worker the minimum wage Kim Jongun calls for full combat readiness for war with US Turkey paid Muslim Brotherhood $1 million dollars to eliminate Armenian Genocide documents. Japanese crown prince says country must not rewrite history of WW2  Naruhito makes rare statement on importance of correctly remembering Japans role in war as right wing attempts to downplay issue of sex slaves Al Jazeera Leaks Spy Cables reveal Mossad concluded that Iran was not producing nuclear weapons, after PM sounded alarm at UN in 2012. Nine killed in Czech Republic shooting NSA director defends plan to maintain 'backdoors' into technology companies HSBC worlds 2nd largest bank apologizes for helping wealthy elite break domestic laws to evade taxes. Turkish Men Are Wearing Miniskirts to Fight for Womens Rights ISIS kidnaps 90 Christians in Syria CIA attempted to contact Hamas despite official US ban, spy cables reveal A US court in New York has found the Palestine Liberation Organization and the Palestinian Authority liable for attacks in Israel, the jury awarded victims of the attacks more than $218m. Canada's proposed antiterror bill raises alarm bells with former Prime Ministers and Supreme Court justices; PM Harper refuses to budge on lack of oversight of sweeping new powers. NSA chief declines comment on spyware reports, says program are lawful Putin War with Ukraine 'unlikely' National Security Officials Have Been Notified of Suspicious Tunnel Found Near 2015 PanAm Games Venue (Toronto) New Charlie Hebdo issue (Headline Here We Go Again!) marks return to business as usual Amur Leopard Doubles in Population. Now number at least 57 cats (up from just 30 cats in 2007) One fifth of Germans want revolution report A 94 year old SS Medic has been charged with 3,681 counts of murder in connection to Auschwitz. More Siberian methane blowholes found in permafrost Russia offers Iran modern missiles despite UN embargo Inside an ISIS Handbook for Foreigners Running to the Islamic State ISIS Burns 8000 Rare Books and Manuscripts in Mosul Satellite image research proves Russian artillery strikes into Ukraine, a fact previously denied by the Russian government NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden didnt mince words during a Reddit Ask Me Anything session on Monday when he said the NSA and the British spy agency GCHQ had screwed all of us when it hacked into the Dutch firm Gemalto to steal cryptographic keys used in billions of mobile SIM cards worldwide. Jamaica passes act decriminalizing possession of up to 2 oz of pot, paves way for medical marijuana Canadian PM Harper urges swift passage of antiterror bill; says public strongly supports bill, so little scrutiny of it is needed UK stuns Europe by sending troops to Ukraine U.S. military vehicles paraded 300 yards from the Russian border The majority of British Muslims oppose violence against people who publish images depicting the Prophet Muhammad, a poll for the BBC suggests. The survey also indicates most have no sympathy with those who want to fight against Western interests. A10 Warthogs return to Germany as situation in Ukraine deteriorates A prominent bishop accused Turkey of preventing Christians from fleeing Syria while allowing jihadists responsible for their persecution to cross its border unchecked. it allows through lorries, Daesh fighters, stolen oil, wheat & cotton all of these can cross the border but nobody can pass over First ever baby woolly rhino unearthed 18monthold 'Sasha' is found in the Siberian ice after being buried for 10,000 years Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' Reprinted in Germany for First Time Since WWII First day with no troops killed under Ukraine truce Brazil's environmental agency says it's detained a landgrabber thought to be the Amazon's single biggest deforester. Workers got a shock when they unearthed a rusted can labeled Zyklon B  the deadly poison gas used by the Nazis in Auschwitz McDonalds avoided paying over 1 Billion in European corporate taxes between 2009 and 2013, the report 'Unhappy Meal' released Wednesday by a coalition of trade unions and civil society organizations shows. Sec. of State John Kerry Russia is lying to my face about having troops in Ukraine | Russia has engaged in a rather remarkable period of the most overt and extensive propaganda exercise that Ive seen since the very height of the Cold War Radioactive Fukushima Water Leak Was Unreported for Months Official. Iranian cruise missiles blow up lifesize replica of American aircraft carrier British Infantry to train the Ukrainian army and provide tactical intelligence In training mission Swedish Police Mistake '21' Birthday Balloons for ISIS Initials Report Saudis might help Israel attack Iran in exchange for progress in peace process Pentagon will be deploying a small number of troops to Ukraine to provide combat medical training to forces there who have been battling Russianbacked separatists Egypt Interior Minister tells security forces to machinegun protesters in new leaks France says Russia would face more sanctions if Mariupol attacked The HSBC bank is accused of systematic involvement in tax evasion and money laundering to the tune of more than 100 billion euros. Actress Emma Thompson and her husband refuse to pay 'a penny more' in taxes until HSBC tax evaders go to jail HSBC bosses reject calls to quit after 'terrible list' of problems IS militant 'Jihadi John' named as Mohammed Emwazi from London One in three Germans say capitalism to blame for poverty, hunger | The survey found that more than 60 percent of Germans believe there is no genuine democracy in their country because industry has too much political influence and that the voice of the voters plays only a subordinate role. China bans ivory imports for 1 year to protect elephants Kerry Reminds Congress Netanyahu Advised U.S. to Invade Iraq McDonald's accused of avoiding 1 billion euros in taxes in Europe Apple ordered to pay $533 million for patent infringement ISIS losing ground to Kurds  Fears for 150 Christians abducted by the group grow as an ISIS supply line cut The death risk from smoking may be much higher than previously thought  tobacco kills up to two in every three smokers not one in every two, data from a large study suggests. U.S. deserter needs Iraq war crimes evidence to be refugee A U.S. soldier who deserted because he thought the Iraq war was illegal could have grounds for seeking asylum in Germany but only if he can show he would have been involved in war crimes, Europe's highest court said Poland to Send Troops to Help Train Ukrainian Army India calls for UN Security Council reforms this year It is ironical that calls for democracy and the rule of law are being made in a Council that itself embodies the undemocratic stranglehold of the privileges of a few, forged by a wartime alliance that no longer exists. ISIS Kidnaps 150 Christians in Northern Syria Adultery is no longer illegal in South Korea; 5,500 people formerly arraigned on charges in the past six years. Islamic State is selling looted Syrian art in London to fund its fight TTIP Transatlantic trade deal text leaked to BBC Catholic diocese raided in Oslo by police. Bishop suspected of wrongfully claiming as much as USD 13 million. US gifts military equipment to Poland The first Australian fighting with the Kurds against ISIS has been killed. ISIS militants destroyed 3,000yearold Iraqi artifacts with sledgehammers British schoolgirls are sneaking off to Syria via Turkey in pursuit of fun, adventure and the possibility of becoming wives of IS fighters After NSA Hack China Stops Buying Major US Tech Brands NATO commander warns about deteriorating situation in Ukraine fighting is getting worse everyday. France wants imams to learn secular values as part of new antiradicalisation push the French government will push imams to take universitylevel civics classes. American atheist blogger hacked to death in Bangladesh The big melt Antarctica's retreating ice may reshape Earth. Over at NASA, ice scientist Eric Rignot said the melting is going way faster than anyone had thought. It's kind of a red flag. German tank battalion to be activated amid russia crisis | Germany plans to activate a tank battalion that exists only on paper as it seeks to increase the country's military capability. The DM spoke of a changed security situation amid the conflict in Ukraine. Outrage over a school strip search of a 15 year old girl causes Education Minister who said such searches are OK if done respectfully to quit. 14 year old girl with cystic fibrosis pleas to Chile's President to be euthanized. Islamic campaigner who today defended ISIS executioner Jihadi John as a 'beautiful, kind young man' was filmed calling for jihad outside U.S Embassy Rare Intact Roman Tombstone Found in England Made from Cotswold limestone, the 1,800yearold inscribed stone was found in a grave  directly above an adult skeleton. Its the sort of thing archaeologists only find in places like Pompeii, the archaeologists, Neil Holbrook, told reporters. Argentina President Cristina Fernandez case dismissed Under U.S. Pressure, PayPal Nukes MEGA For Encrypting Files AlJazeera retracts and apologizes for false story on Gaza flooding Russia's Khodorkovsky Putin is a 'naked king' facing economic ruin Islamic State destroys 8th Century B.C. statue, among many other ancient and priceless ones. Dozens of new craters suspected in northern Russia Satellites show giant hole ringed by 20 'baby craters' FIFA strips Qatar of the 2021 Confederation Cup Press Digest EU unveils new Energy Union to avoid Russian gas blackmail Assyrian Christians crowdfund an army to reclaim homeland from ISIL  Financed by a vast diaspora and trained by US vets, the Nineveh Protection Unit wants to 'cleanse' homeland of ISIL Saudi Arabia to allow Israel use of its airspace to strike Iran  report Argentine Judge Rejects Criminal Case Against President Russia to tap $50 billion from Reserve Fund as deficit balloons Suspected Israeli nationalists torch Christian seminary in Jerusalem Worlds first gridconnected wave power station switched on in Australia Quebec judge refuses to hear single mother's case You are not suitably dressed' The Siberian crater saga is more widespread  and scarier  than anyone thought Colombian police confiscate 3.3 tonnes of cocaine and flaunt it for the cameras