 b'We have seen new kinds of cancer that were not recorded in Iraq before war in 2003, types of fibrous cancer and bone cancer. These refer clearly to radiation as a cause' b'Former Miss Argentina dies after ass surgery ' b'Pirate Bay refuses to shut down. remains elusive. ' Hugo Chavez threatens to nationalize private banks for refusing to lend to the poor and for failing to sufficiently aid in the country's development. b'Sacked by text, the Indian workers who built Dubai ' b'We are not a backward people, and we are  capable of fighting for democracy, human and  women's rights in Afghanistan. In fact the only way  these values will be achieved is if we struggle for  them and win them ourselves.' b'UK again shows no backbone in extradition request.It is quite astonishing that two boys who have been found not guilty in the court in which they were tried have now been sentenced in their absence to three years' imprisonment. ' b'East Jerusalem should be Palestinian capital, says European Union  Israel accuses EU of destroying prospects of renewed peace talks ' b'Five British yachtsmen have been detained by the Iranian navy' b'Maziar Bahari was jailed under the ridiculous assumption that he was a spy because of working with Jason Jones of the Daily Show [VIDEO]' b'An Italian town's Operation White Christmas aims to kick immigrants out before December 25th.' b'As flooding continues in the Philippines, with little international aid or publicity, streets become canals and natives quietly adjust to living in a seemingly permanent flood zone instead of on dry land. ' b'Amy Goodman Detained at Canadian Border, Questioned About Speechand 2010 Olympics' Iran prison doctor for the protestors 'was poisoned', prosecutors say b'Venice flooded by seasonal high tide' b'20 Signs That The U.K. Has Become The Most Oppressive Big Brother Society On Earth' b'American troops did not expect to play a role in stabilizing Iraq after overthrowing Saddam Hussein, a key adviser to former British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday.' Canada's image lies in tatters. It is now to climate what Japan is to whaling.nttttComment is free |nttttThe Guardian b'A new law has come into force making it a criminal offence for people to cause a nuisance or disturbance in NHS hospitals.' b'Chinese state media reveal secret, illegal jails' b'It is a great honor for me to stand here tonight as the first Somali journalist to win this award. By recognizing me, you are also recognizing the courage of the small band of working journalists still in Somalia.' b'Israeli military now hiring professional trolls  unit forming to fight enemies online' b'Report Teenage suicide bomber kills Pakistan provincial lawmaker in his house' b'The party is over in Dubai. It officially ended for the freewheeling emirate late Wednesday afternoon when Dubai World, the governmentcontrolled investment conglomerate, announced a sixmonth standstill on debt repayments.' b'Northern Ireland  50% rise in new HIV cases in year ' Picture of Afghan Girl screaming after suicide bombing wins Pulitzer Prize EU may reject ACTA Batch of dinosaur eggs found in Russia's Chechnya region Inhabitants of Fucking to vote for namechange after $20K signs are stolen Israels Minister of Intelligence and Atomic Energy Agrees Ahmadinejad Never Said Israel 'Must Be Wiped Off the Map' Iranian Girl Jumps onto Ahmadinejads Car to lecture him about how to run his country. The president listened to what she had to say. Britain destroyed records of colonial crimes US Strike on N. Korea Possible if Nuclear Test Held  KBS WORLD Gulf seafood deformities alarm scientists  Features  Al Jazeera English U.N. Wives Urge Syrian First Lady Stop your husband Photographs apparently showing soldiers posing with body parts of a dead insurgent drew strong condemnation on Wednesday from American officials and the ambassador in Afghanis The Australian government gives over $4 billion in direct subsidies to mining companies each year, according to a report commissioned by Australian activist group GetUp, aiming to pressure the feds to cut subsidies 




 A newlydiscovered field in Iran is considered among one of the biggest light crude oil fields discovered in the world in the past decade according to official news sources. Is humanity quietly abandoning a future in space? Swedish Minister of Culture celebrates with the circumcision of negro cake Saudi might soon set minimum marriage age
 Spanish king I'm sorry, I made a mistake and it won't happen again. Saudi Arabia Readers respond to Saudi princesss call for change Union Activists are Being Murdered South Korean government moves to censor racist remarks online Dismembered bodies found in Mexico town  Remains of 14 men found stuffed inside a minivan in Nuevo Laredo that is often a flashpoint for the country's drug war. Civil liberties trump fight on terror, Canadians say Large minority favour requiring citizens to carry I.D. cards at all times, poll finds Netanyahu defends his comparison of Iran to the Nazi Holocaust Angry North Korea threatens retaliation, nuclear test expected
| Reuters U.S. Soldiers Pose With Bodies Of Suicide Bombers In Afghanistan  b'Poland Legalization of Marijuana  two majour steps in the right direction' What's REALLY happening between Russia and the U.S. b'As Brazil begins to tap its immense oil reserves, it is bucking the tradition of giving all the profits to the upperclass.' b'Surveillance in a Box Siemens has developed software to pool and sort data from telephone calls, email and internet activity, bank transactions and insurance records. ' US confronts Russia as Cheney flags 'deep' interest in exSoviet zones b'Spanish judge seeks information on civil war dead' b'US gives $1bn to rebuild Georgia' b'Oil prices likely to drop below $100 due to falling demand and stronger dollar  according to Reuters' Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko has threatened to dissolve parliament and call elections after the collapse of the country's ruling coalition. b'$75B Spent By Evil Saudis To Spread Islam Globally' b'Second Russian journalist in three days killed ' Gov't Triggers Official Inquiry into Alleged CIA Prisons in Poland b'Sudden death after arrest may be new syndrome (nothing to do with tasers or beatings of course)' b'The French Ban TV for Children Under Three' b'Third US Navy ship heads for Georgia' b'The Medvedev Doctrine and American Strategy (Stratfor)  Russia Makes Clear Its Intentions' b'3 More Canadian Soldiers Die, 5 Wounded' Britian's [Big Brother] CCTV system proves to be a waste! b'Scotland Could Boost UK Hydropower by 50%' b'Tensions between Russia and U.S. threaten space station' b' North Korea begins reassembling nuclear facility' b'Iraq Iraqi army readies for showdown with Kurds | World news | The Guardian' b'Persia Ancient Soul of Iran  ' In Iran, women's rights activists score victory on marriage legislation Vladimir Putin picked as world's most influential person  Cruise Ship Saw Them, But Didn't Help Drifting Boat, Passengers Say  
After 28 days at sea, only 1 of the 3 men aboard an injured Panama fishing boat was still alive Discovery of world's largest colony of leatherback 
sea turtle may see species removed from critically 
endangered list Soldier's daughter hacked to death, hunts down killers in 5 days China to Officially Stop Repatriating North Korean 
Refugees Drifting fishermen died after luxury cruise liner sailed past but didn't stop A video of a 17yearold girl being gang raped spread by cell phones through South Africa on Wednesday, shocking a nation battling an epidemic of violence against women. A new father in India became enraged when his wife gave birth to a girl. He then allegedly took out this frustration on the young infant, and has been accused of stuffing the young childs mouth with clothes, battering her with a blunt object and biting her. She passed away.. India tests missile capable of reaching China, Europe Bollywood actress kidnapped and beheaded by actors EU agrees to hand over airline passenger data to U.S New Bill in the UK wants internet to be censored from porn by default The Bill wants technology for filtering out porn to be provided at point of sale on every Internet enabled electronic device that can download content Kim Jongil calls for peace with South Korea in 'will' Rotting from within The Massive Corruption in the Chinese Military A life destroyed by cowardly acid attack. She calls herself the voice of the people, the antisystem candidate who will ensure social justice for the havenots and purify a France she says is losing its voice to Europe and threatened by massive immigration and rampant Islamization. 3,000 Ancient Buddhas Unearthed in China Israel's Deputy Prime Minister Dan Meridor admitted that Iranian President Ahmadinejad never said Iran wanted to wipe Israel off the face of the map in an interview with Al Jazeera Merkel ally says Islam not part of Germany
 Labour MP Tom Watson News Corp operated like 'shadow state' NZ ISP Issues First Music Piracy 3rd Strike 6 months after the socalled Skynet law was introduced, local ISP TelstraClear has confirmed that one of its customers is the unlucky recipient of a third and final enforcement warning, delivered on behalf of RIANZ Taliban commander turns himself in demanding $100 reward offered on his own 'Wanted' poster BBC News  South Korea deploys cruise missiles amid North tensions Spain Is Doomed Why Austerity Is Destroying Europe ... but the beatings will continue until bond yields improve! How the Goldman Vampire Squid Captured Europe Europeans are being hoodwinked into relinquishing their cherished democracy to a rogue band of financial pirates, and the rest of the world is not far behind. Australian human rights lawyer and WikiLeaks supporter is placed on a watch list and prevented from flying home without government permission A girl filmed Israeli soldiers' brutality. Since then, her family has been the victim of revenge attacks.   b'The Dutch have recalled a spy from Iran citing a U.S. plan to attack Iran with unmanned aircraft within a few weeks.  An Israeli news source confirmed preparations for a military strike against Iran.' b'Japanese wives hire professional seducers to set up hubby for divorce. (File under It just ain't fair)' b'Japans Prime Minister Resigns' b'State of emergency declared in Bangkok' b'Judge Says Human Rights Case Against ExxonMobil Can Move Forward' b'Israelis guilty of Hebron killing' b'Thirst, a presentation about water shortage is the World's Best Presentation for 2008 on SlideShare.' b'Russia Says US May Have Sent Weapons To Georgia' b'Dutch intel US to strike Iran in coming weeks | Iran news | Jerusalem Post' b'Gareth Porter notes how the US has easily applied a double standard to condemn Russia.' b'Israeli army targets family over brutality film' While we debate over offshore drilling and lifting gas taxes, China is planning to build the world's fastest train at 236mph.  b'Nabucco Pipeline suddenly given a lot of importance by Turkey et al. after conflicts in Georgia' b'1.2 Million Homeless, Approx. 3 Million Affected After Floods in Bahir, India' Thailand's prime minister calls state of emergency  b'According to the NICCIA,  Pakistan is slated to become a failed state by 2015, as it would be affected by civil war, complete Talibanisation and struggle for control of its nuclear weapons.' WAR WARNINGRussia Warns Rothschild's European UnionNAYO Super Power b'Mexico Supreme Court upholds abortion law' Death Penalty Campaign NeoNazis Exploit Public Anger Over Girl's Murder (Germany) b'From East Africa to South Asia, the US is disengaging in the former hot spots of the War on Terror. Its a quiet admission that Bushs foreign policy has failed.' BBC NEWS | Europe | Police 'break up Ingush protest' One man's fetid open sewer is another man's gold mine b'Lula suspends Brazil spy chiefs over phone taps' Apprently a 49 Game Losing Streak ain't THAT bad...... b' Iran withdraws $75 billion from Europe' b'Lithuania has rejected the idea of sending Germany an invoice for occupying the country during WW II. Instead, Lithuania is demanding cash from Russia for forcing it into the Soviet Union in 1940' b'Israel pressed to reveal why army killed cameraman' b'People were understandably annoyed at being smashed over the head in their own country at the request of a foreign security service' b'Russia Father identifies missing son in neoNazi beheading video' b'Guantanamo routinely held the wrong men.' b'What you dont see on CNN IOF Shoot Live Ammunition on Peaceful Protest' b'Repressive governments are arresting record numbers of bloggers for speaking out online' b'Weird  Bin Ladens son aspires to be peace activist' b'RED ALERT Talibans on the offensive have taken control of eight villages and are marching toward Kandahar city.' Blueprint for nuclear warhead found on smugglers' computers b'17 Reasons Why Bicycles Are the Most Popular Vehicle in the World Today' b'We are very happy with the food crisis. Why? Because we produce a lot of food, and our problem has been the market. (WTF?)' b'RFK Jr. warns Canadians about corporate media' b'Protesters chant George Bush terrorist and Arrest George Bush as Bush dines with rupert Murdoch' b'Satellites Document War, Destruction From Outer Space' b'Who leaked the details of a CIAMossad plot against Iran?' b' Iraq takes a turn towards Tehran' Russia's 7 wonders announced b'Why Americans Are No Longer the Tallest People in the World' b'Man gunned down as he stomps a toddler to death' b'Want to understand the conflict in Central Asia?  Cute chibi countries can help!' b'Out of Panic Grows Muddled Thinking  the US Airlines Industry | from the hip' b'Refugee forcibly deported from Australia to China is tortured, then commits suicide.' b'Austrian cellar wife returns to dungeon ' China clears murderer after 'victim' shows up alive  10 years later. Apparently torturing for 'confessions' with chilli water and fireworks doesn't always work. Briton jailed for kiss in Dubai condemns Emirate's 'hypocrisy' b'In Belgium, there are no national political parties, no national newspaper, no national TV channel, no common school curriculum or higher education, and no national football team. There is, however, the national debt, running at 80% of GDP.' After an election that left no party with a clear majority, the final decision over who becomes Britain's next prime minister could lie in the hands of one woman who never votes The queen. b'Iran Executes Five Activists, Sending Message to Critics' Mali imam living in fear after backing women's rights b'The China model === The Beijing consensus is to keep quiet.  nIn the West people worry that developing countries want to copy the China model. Such talk makes people in China uncomfortable' b'Journalist Assaulted for Reporting on Corruption in India' b'US and British troops march through Red Square for the first time, past the mausoleum of Vladimir Lenin, as Russia celebrates the 65th anniversary of the end of WW II' b'According to Australian opposition leader, the Earth was hotter when Jesus was around than it is today. Citation needed!' b'Ordinary Greeks angry at government and rioters But youth see debt crisis as evidence that the capitalist system is broken.' b'40,000 Prostitutes Ready For The World Cup' b'In Uganda, AIDS War Is Falling Apart ' b'Mercury high in Japanese town that hunts dolphins' 'Its not a bailout for Greece. Its a bailout for European banks' b'Central Obrera Boliviana, the largest union in Bolivia and longtime ally of president Evo Morales, has called for an indefinite strike starting tomorrow asking for a bigger increase in wages than the 5% announced last week.' b'Mass grave find shows Serbia slowly facing up to past' b'Merkel coalition routed in German state voting' b'EU parliament urged to investigate H1N1 outbreak' b'British Pagan police get right to take festivals as holiday' b'Bombings, driveby shootings kill at least 84 across Iraq' b'A man in central China was freed after nearly 10 years in prison for murder after his alleged victim turned up alive ... in a case that raises concerns about police using torture to extract confessions.' WWII's Operation Mincemeat  The Germans did not realizeuntil it was too latethat William Martin was a fiction. The man they took to be a highlevel courier was a mentally ill vagrant who had eaten rat poison; his body had been liberated from a London morgue... What's In a Name?  When it comes to oil spills, apparently its a lot. [WashPost] b'Interview with Economist Nouriel Roubini  More crises will come and go before world leaders agree on true reform. Breaking up huge banks would be a good place to start.' US strikes 'kill 20 in Pakistan' b'A script written by the BBC and the government to be broadcast in the event of a nuclear attack has been published.' b'Jewish settlers trying to stop olive harvest, opposed by Rabbis for Human Rights' Medvedev  The U.S. financial crisis should be taken as a sign that America's global economic leadership is on the wane Cokie Roberts Once Again Proves She Doesn't Belong Within 100 Miles of a News Studio b'How symbolic that Chinese astronauts take a spacewalk while the US Treasury Secretary is on his knees. ' Life in Somalia's pirate town b'Britain Forty percent of children live in poverty' b'How they see us A dangerous juncture in Afghanistan' b'Young immigrant females age 11  26 now required to get the highly controversial HPV vaccine before becoming citizens.' b'Shocking China monitors Skype users for mention of Taiwan, dissident groups, democracy. NSA helpfully points out that it would be easier to just monitor everything.' b'What a surge will do for Afghanistan...' Is the African National Congress, South Africa's Ruling Party, About to Split? b'Religious fundamentalists are waging a ruthless campaign to eliminate women who have taken up highprofile jobs' b'Tonight these pictures will be projected in some 50 cities all over the world.  We wanted you to see them first.' b'Bangkok Sex Tycoon Runs For Governor' Signs of a pending depression? The Economist's Dword index b'The Jewel of Medina  out on Monday' Phallic charms, buffalo amulets at heart of plans by Thailand's new culture minister b'An explosion in the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali on Friday killed nine Russian peacekeepers and wounded three others' Kenya's wild and dangerous west b'The Forgotten Wars less than 1% of people knows there is a war in Sudan and Somalia' b'Israeli settlers turn on their own soldiers. ' Development Doesn't Require Big Government~Poor countries are learning the wrong lessons from the crisis. b'The Bailing Out Continues in Europe Belgium is bailing out a large bank that just went under' Less than 2% of websites on Scandinavia's child porn internet filter is actually child porn U.N. rights body backs critique of Gaza flotilla raid. United States is the only country voting No Ecuador troops take over Quito airport (30 Sep, 1142) Bishops threaten Philippine president with Excommunication for offering birth control to married couples. Birth control is Abortion! says Church. New bank bail out increases the deficit of Ireland from 12% to 32% of GDP. When will banks stop stealing our money? Pakistan has just closed the most important border crossing for trucks supplying NATO troops in Afghanistan Ecuador declares emergency as police protest, president is attacked Pakistan has banned NATO supply convoys to Afghanistan after fighting between NATO troops and militants led to the killing of three Pakistani soldiers Dubai police chief says Mossad threatened him over Hamas killing  Dubai's police chief says he received death threats from the Israeli spy agency Mossad linked to his investigation into the January assassination of a senior Hamas leader. World's first 'cyber superweapon' attacks China Jordan deliberately jammed alJazeera World Cup coverage More than 7,000 complaints lodged against UK banks every day Anglo Irish Bank failure would 'bring down' Ireland Man, sons convicted of stoning El Paso woman to death Researchers believe at least 58 million children in China are growing up without one or both parents, who have left to find work. Why the US doesn't talk to Iran  UFOs in Montreal? Strange sights reported in my city Tour de France champion Alberto Contador tests positive Sometimes, for a day or two we don't even have bread, nor flour to make bread. There's a store nearby that, when we are truly desperate, lets us take a bag of bread on credit. I owe them a lot of money... Hungry in Gaza Stuxnet origin may be, oh surprise, Israel Sri Lanka's president has confirmed a twoandahalfyear jail term for former army chief Sarath Fonseka. Pakistan Cuts Off NATO Supply Route Lorries prevented from crossing into Afghanistan in apparent retaliation for recent deadly crossborder NATO raid Eight Germans and two British brothers are at the heart of an alQaidalinked terror plot against European cities BT embroiled in ACSLaw porn list breach German Conservative Parties Agree To End Conscription  Both parties want to keep conscription as a part of Germany's constitution, the Grundgesetz, leaving open the option for its return in the future. b'How is impeachment a front page story in Le Monde, while barely being covered in the top tier main stream media of the US? A great Gore Vidal article with some excellent comments.' b'Get Osama Bin Laden before I leave office, orders George W Bush' b'Bill Moyers Journal The National Intelligence Agency is issuing a contract to spy on players of massive multiplayer online games like World of Warcraft and Second Life.' b'In May, more US and allied troops were killed by guerrillas in Afghanistan than in Iraq' b'Ireland Punishes the EU for Constitution Trick (They should add a Bill of Rights. That is what it took to get the US Constitution approved.)' b'Congressman Nadler Senior American officials ought to go to jail for this' b'Maliki calls U.S. demands unacceptable' b'Americas Prison For Terrorists Often Held The Wrong Men' b'Now they can lock you up indefinitely' b'Pair of reporters interview 66 former Guantanamo detainees' Britain's military says soldiers can wear their uniforms in London's gay pride march b'Nuclear Weapons Blueprint shared with the Axis of Evil by Pakistani Scientist. Is this Bush`s smoking gun? ' Saudi Arabia's oil minister on Sunday will address reports that the world's largest oilproducing country is set to raise production by about 500,000 barrels per day. b'2 US Professors speak in Israel The proIsrael lobby in the US is leading the charge for attacking Iran and damaging US interests.' World's Most Expensive Real Estate Markets #1 is London and #8 is Manhattan... b'If Bin Laden is Still Alive and Still a Threat, and if Bush is All About Winning the War on Terror, Why is Bush Only NOW Showing ReFound Interest in Killing Him?' b'Experts astounded at the high rate of imprisonment in New Zealandalmost twice that of most western European countries' b'President of Afghanistan threatened Sunday to send troops to Pakistan to fight Talibans for the prison operation that liberated hundreds of fighters' b'Covering the Beijing Games? Expect to be Censored' b'The Institute for the Investigation of Communist Crimes in Romania' b'Afghanistan threatens to invade Pakistan.' b'Real people 1, Eurocrats 0 (after extra time)' b'Drugs cartel led by woman turns Mexican town into shooting gallery' b'Bush urges British PM Brown not to set Iraq pullout timetable' b'Karzai Threatens to Send Forces Into Pakistan' b'Fucking hell ... it's fucking Great Britain. It's 2008. I've been to Soweto and I've seen Aids orphans eating better than that.' b'Brian Haw, Britains most loved peace protester, beaten to pulp by police' b'Suicidal teenager urged to Jump by crowd, so he did' b'British envoy says mission in Afghanistan is doomed, according to leaked memo ' b'More Blowback  The U.S.backed Ethiopian military has secreted away scores of suspects  including pregnant women and children  and fueled antiAmerican rancor in Africa.' b'The Atlas of the Real World' b'Should Germany prosecute Holocaust deniers like Gerald Toben?  Should England extradite them?' b'US navy happy to extend blockade of pirate ship' b'Sources Man blamed for Bhutto killing is dead' b'In Bolivia, we nationalized for the people to have money, while the United States wants to nationalize debt and a crisis of the wealthy.' b'The New Democratic Party (NDP) of Canada is standing by candidate Bev Collins over beliefs about the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.' b'Voter Turnout A Global Survey.' b'Somalia World can use force against the pirates. Things are going to get interesting....' After being accused of Flirting with Sarah Palin, Fatwah Is Issued Against Pakistani Prime Minister For 'Indecent Behavior For A Muslim'  b'Trio of warlords blamed for surge in Afghanistan violence' b'Cost of massive unemployment in Iraq could be paid in blood' b'Somali pirates deny fatal onboard shootout' b'168 Hindu pilgrims die in stampede at temple' b'MI6 secrets found on camera sold on eBay Newspaper says info includes names, school records of alQaida suspects' b'Security Analyst Warns of Rise of Organized Crime in Zimbabwe PART 5 of 5' b'For you you to call my God INVISIBLE is a call for action.  My country will wipe you and your kind from this earth very soon. Islam is a foolish cult. America hates you and will see you destroyed.' b'A Palestinian 20 years, kept their children in the basement' Pakistani Taliban Leader Dead Or Dying?, Baitullah Mehsud Very Ill, Officials Say Group Scrambling For New Leaders, Taliban Says He's Getting Better b'Canada  CBC National News covers 9/11 Truth' b'Dusty Foggo Gets Green Light for Green Badge' b'Draw ignites FIFA World Cup fever' b'Dr David Kelly Legal Action To Prove Weapons Expert Was Murdered' Why switzerland has the lowest crime rate in the world and why it's the least likely to be taken over by a ruthless dictator.....the Sig SG 550! b'Amanda Knox was found guilty of the Meredith Kercher murder and will spend 26 years in prison' b'At least 109 people have died following an explosion at a nightclub in the Russian city of Perm' b'Ottawa boy ordered to shut down his radio station  They said I need a licence, Saad said. I didn't know. I said, 'OK, I'll apply for the licence but I can't shut off the station.'' b'Canadian climate researchers targetted by hackers breakins at University of Victoria campus' Dubai's burst bubble A stateoftheart metro train system opened in Sept at a cost of $7.6 billion. At 9.30am on a Thursday the station at Dubai airports cavernous Terminal 3 is empty. The train into the city, capable of carrying more than 640 people, has 21 on board  Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. cements ties with Saudi Arabian prince who is also involved with the Carlyle Group. Doctors call for weapons expert's untimely death to be reinvestigated b'Fire in Russian nightclub kills 109. Video of the start of the blaze.' b'Amanda Knox Found Guilty' Pentagon emails ask if Canadians are 'bad guys' b'Rise in suicides in Saudi Arabia' b'Italys government rocked by accusations made in court by a Mafia hitman that Berlusconi had made commitments to Sicilys Cosa Nostra' Didn't the North Koreans already handle the China portion of this? b'Massive protests in UK regarding climate change, trying to be heard at the summit in Copenhagen' b'Evidence points to cannibalism, human sacrifice at 7,000 yr. old site in Germany' Hanoi is turning into a corrupt executive's vision of Orange County, CA  check out these photos of luxury cars on the streets in a country where GDP is just over $1000/per person for evidence b'Saudi filmmakers persist in making movies where their work is often branded too racy or unIslamic, and banned' b'Beast of Kandahar is acknowledge by the Air Force' IEEE Cover Story Securing Power in the Gaza Strip,The Palestinian power plant has endured bombings, embargoes and blockades Can it ever fully power Gaza's grid? b'Philippines under martial law after brutal massacre' b'Tens of thousands stage antiBerlusconi protest in Rome' b'Saudi Arabia Witchcraft and Sorcery Cases on the Rise | Human Rights Watch' b'Crazy shit going down in the Philippines. 57 people slaughtered, 47 people arrested under martial law, including the leader of a Muslim region. Thousands of troops sent in.' Meet the man who will soon become the first person to walk all the way from the source of the Amazon to its mouth. 'Hardcore' is so inadequate to describe this guy... b'Mother Theresa was not a friend of the poor. She was a friend of poverty.' b'Tabloid fearmongering results in self fulfilling prophecy whereby police think there is a law against photography' b' A Russian scientist this week said Russia has fallen behind the U.S. in an arms race the race to arm sea mammals, that is. It turns out, the U.S. military does employ teams of dolphins and sea lions to patrol for weapons and intruders' b' Top climate scientists share their outlook  This is such a good report and from the Financial Times. I did not expect such quality  and the insights on some of the key climate people is most interesting.' b'The CIA Given Permission To Access EU Bank Records' b'for the rape and drugging of a 13 year old girl you are banished to your luxury chalet in the Swiss Alps' b'Iran Blocks Internet on Eve of Rallies  CBSNews' b'Greece police repression has turned many of the usually antianarchist media against the ministry... Minister of Public Order has held meetings with the owners of major stations and journals giving them directions on how to broadcast news in the following days' b'Israeli security agents held a Palestinian patient for three weeks without charge, interrogated him repeatedly and offered access to hospital care if he agreed to become an informant...' b'Japan Launches Satellite to Spy on N.Korea' b'The Queen has issued a strong warning to newspapers not to publish paparazzi pictures of the royal family.' b'Yemen teeters on brink of failure  latimes.com' b'So now the US wants Holland to stay in Afghanistan the Dutch Approach is suddenly the way to go. Have you ever heard of it?' b'A new report finds that the World Bank is not doing enough to protect indigenous rights under its mechanism to reduce emissions from deforestation and forest degradation (REDD). ' b'Riots break out in Greece' b'Philippines  Martial law declared in massacre province' b'...And the fallout from the Swiss minaret ban continues. Now Iran is superpissed.' b'China pays web surfers to find porn' b'Jonathon Porritt, one of Gordon Browns leading green advisers, is to warn that Britain must drastically reduce its population if it is to build a sustainable society.' b'KABULThe Taliban said in a statement Saturday it would provide a legal guarantee that they would not intervene in foreign countries if international troops withdraw from Afghanistan.' b'14 killed in clashes in Mexico' b'Exarmy chiefs testify about alleged Turkish coup plot' b'Global warming solutions are hurting indigenous people, says U.N.' b'Tomorrow 56 newspapers in 45 countries take the unprecedented step of speaking with one voice through a common editorial.' b'While Warner, Sony BMG, EMI and Universal are dragging filesharers to court for copyright infringements, they are themselves facing up to $60 billion in damages for the same offenses.' UK economy to drop out of world's top 10 Iran's old slogans  Slogans that Iranians used 30 years ago to call for an end to the Shah's regime are now thrown back at the Islamic regime which replaced it. Lesbians getting the 'gay' raped out of them. Evo Morales wins landslide victory (63%) in Bolivian presidential elections, bolstering his efforts to empower the country's indigenous majority under a socialist banner b'Palestinian fury over evictions ' b'History is full of leaders who cannot bear the result of their portraiture. When nearly all the worlds leaders were in NY for a meeting of the UN, Platon, a photographer for The New Yorker, tried to hustle as many of them in front of his lens as possible.n' b'Average speed cameras installed in neighbourhoods  for the first time, tracking drivers for a distance in  order to eliminate the tactic of slowing down for  speed cameras and then speeding up' b'MARG BAR DIKTATOR!! Students protest against the government of Iran' Ireland's top Roman Catholic leaders will hold talks with Pope Benedict this week to formulate the Vatican's response to an Irish government report on a 30year coverup of sexual abuse of children by priests. The North Korean Army is on standby and ready to quell any protests against last week's drastic currency reform. Three weeks after the shooting, Sri Lanka's army chief General Sarath Fonseka was reported as saying the military had to overlook traditional rules of war and kill Tamil Tiger rebels who had come under white flags to surrender. b'Yukos comes back to bite Putin international law at work (for once)' 97% of climatologists believe in anthropogenic global warming, but many redditors disagree. Isn't this like evolution vs creationism all over again, except with dire consequences if we're wrong? b'IranAfter the election the chants were only about people getting their votes back, but now it is more about the system and leaders themselves  ' b'Nicolas Cage has been given an award for his humanitarian work by the United Nations Global Citizen of the Year' Minerals at heart of Congo's latest war b'Previously, only the US and Japan had produced 10 million cars in a single year. Now, China joined the rank.' UK ministers accused of lying to the parliament in an attempt to cover up Britain's role in the socalled extraordinary rendition of two men captured in Iraq and sent to Afghanistan for interrogation b'Tehran University cordoned off, arrests made on day of student protests all over the country. (Google translate from Farsi)' b'Police in Greece clash with rioting protesters as thousands marched in Athens to mark the death of a teenager' Bolivian President Evo Morales easily won his second fiveyear term, solidifying the revolution he promises to bring to the country's longoppressed indigenous majority b'Blair was urged by senior British officer to delay Iraq invasion because postwar planning was woefully thin' Thousands of people protested to demand that the army leave Mexico's most violent city, accusing troops of provoking a surge in drugwar killings and running protection rackets b'Remember Tony Blair's 45minute WMD claim? He got it from a taxi driver' b'...the record industries could use songs as long as  they pinky swore they would get authorization and  pay the artist for it eventually. And yet individual  downloaders are sued for millions of dollars.' b'The US cash behind Israeli extremist settlers IRS records identified 28 US charitable groups that made a total of $33.4m in taxexempt contributions' b'Thieves in Brazil have stolen more than $6m while everybody watched a soccer game' b'Car bombs cause carnage in Baghdad at least 101 killed and 182 wounded' Copenhagen climate conference in disarray following leak of document that would effectively mean 'screw you 3rd world' b'Has Anyone Read the Copenhagen Agreement?  The aim is to give a new as yet unnamed U.N. body the power to directly intervene in the financial, economic, tax and environmental affairs of all the nations that sign the Copenhagen treaty.' b'EU proposes twocapital Jerusalem' b'83% of Mexicans support using the Mexican army to fight drug traffickers; only 30% want U.S. forces deployed to Mexico to fight drug traffickers.' b'Hacked email climate scientists receive death threats' b'Four car bombs exploded in Baghdad in quick succession, killing at least 101 and 182 injured' b'$100,000 dinosaur robot stolen from Mexico exhibition' b'Judge accuses 3 Pinochet associates of poisoning former Chilean president Eduardo Frei with low doses of mustard gas and thallium. ' Afghanistan's president has warned that it will take 15 years before it is able to pay for the costs of maintaining its own security forces b'Mongolians Damages Great Wall of China' Afghanistan 'unable to pay for own troops for 15 years' b'This is number 1,789, or thereabouts, in my long running series, What the hell is going on in this country?' Israel's justice minister starts process of Talibanization Religious Law Must Become Binding, the Torah contains ''a complete solution to all the things we are dealing with'' b'Fundamentalists block entire Paris streets by praying, preventing the inhabitants of the area from going out or returning to their homes, the shopkeepers from working, and ordinary citizens from circulating normally.' b'Karzai Says Afghan Army Will Need Help Until 2024.' b'Series of coordinated attacks  including three carrigged bombs striking near government sites  killing 112 people and wounding 197 in Baghdad.' The International Court of Justice (ICJ) is holding hearings examining whether Kosovo's declaration of independence was legal, with Russia and the U.S. arguing from opposite sides of the table. b'A Chinese woman managed to enter Japan illegally by having plastic surgery to alter her fingerprints, thus fooling immigration controls, police claim.' b'Uganda Cholera, Yellow Fever, Ebola, Plague On the Rise' b'Afghan Drug Lords and Corrupt Officials Smuggling Millions To Dubai' b'A 26yearold doctor who exposed the torture of jailed protesters in Iran died of poisoning from a delivery salad laced with an overdose of blood pressure medication' b'North Koreans in shock after the Govt decide to revalue the won currency  existing notes are swapped with new ones at exchange rate of 100 to one, knocking two zeroes off their value!' b'Smokers who drop cigarette butts in the City face an 80 fine following the launch of a new crackdown. ' b'What emerges from these 12,000 pages of documents is how the diocese became complicit in hiding, obfuscating and harming children in its flock. Young. Defenseless. Trusting. Sheep to be sure. That, in my mind, makes the diocese as culpable as their childpreying pedophilic priests' b'In 2008, Israel revoked the residency of 4,577 East Jerusalem Arabs  21 times the average of the previous 40 years.' b'EU Palestine move enrages Israelis' b'College girl gets duped into having sex with shaman, only to realise she got conned a few months later. im ashame of my people...' Copenhagen climate change talks must fail, says top scientist  World's leading climate change expert says summit talks so flawed that deal would be a disaster What to Do About Europe's Secret Nuclear Weapons? b'Israel stripped Palestinians of Jerusalem residency status last year at a faster rate than at any time in the history of the Jewish state' b'Monbiot The Most Urgent Threat to World Peace is  Canada. The harm this country could do in the next two weeks will outweigh all the good it has done in a century' b'The Kosovars, Turks, and other Muslims can go home, feel accepted, and build as many minarets as they like. The Swiss on the other hand will eventually be dispossessed of their one and only homeland.' b'RBS board to quit if chancellor vetoes 1.5bn in bonuses. Winwin?' b'Oops, Italian police have crashed their most valuable patrol car, a 165,000euro (150,000) Lamborghini.' b'Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard enraged by Schalit deal, urges PM to kill Hamas prisoners' An international view on Obama's speech at West Point Never Before Has a Speech Felt So False  b'Russia shifts stance on Iran, Ahmadinejad defiant' b'U.S. foreign policy to rescuing Muslims or trying to help free them from tyranny  in Bosnia, Darfur, Kuwait, Somalia, Lebanon, Kurdistan, postearthquake Pakistan, posttsunami Indonesia, Iraq and Afghanistan a narrative that says America is dedicated to keeping Muslims down is thriving' Iran's Ahmadinejad betrays Khomeini's promises and plans to phase out state subsidies for food and gas, thus producing an inflation rate of up to 60%. n b'Indonesia has banned the film Balibo, which depicts the deaths of six foreign journalists in East Timor' b'A Libyan court sentenced two Swiss businessmen to 16 months in prison for violation of residency laws, just two days after a vote in Switzerland to ban the construction of minarets sparked criticism in the Muslim world.' b'Islamist group claim Russian train bomb attack' b'The mayor of a Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank has been arrested for disrupting police trying to stop unauthorised construction work saying they acted like animals' b'Climate change sceptics have been forced to change their own graph showing a decrease in global temperatures after admitting that they got it wrong' In Hong Kong and Taiwan, yesterday's gruesome crime is today's digital cartoon. b'One of the saddest days in Canadian history  The Senate Committee studying C15, a bill that would bring mandatory minimum prison sentences for marijuana to Canada, has given its approval with minor amendments.' b'Israels army is recruiting soldiers for a new unit that is waging a virtual public relations battle on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter' b'Hamas to introduce death penalty in Gaza for drugs' b'Swiss leader calls for Jewish cemetery ban after ban on Muslim minarets' b'It was the deadliest industrial accident in history. On Dec. 3, 1984, clouds of poisonous gas leaked from a pesticide factory in Bhopal, India, and were carried on the breeze to nearby slums, killing 4,000 people in one day. Over the next few years, countless more died.' Mandelson declares war on Rupert Murdoch's media empire b'WTF!? UK police questioning photographers for taking innocent pictures of tourist destinations, landmarks and even a fish and chip shop' b'Rape victim, age 13, stoned to death for having sexnI could not have picked a more horrifying, tragic example to prove the point of my last three blogs (part 1, part 2, conclusion). WARNING The details that follow are very disturbing.' b'FIFA to make changes after Thierry Henry handball' b'Peruvian police force concocts story about criminal gang of human fat smugglers to bury a story that they run a drugrelated death squad' b'Reform movement for English libel law gathers momentum' b'Denmark rife with CO2 fraud ' b'Spate of Maid Suicides Sheds Light on Abuse (Lebanon)...' b'The World Bank has agreed to loan India $1bn (600m) over the next five years to clean up the Ganges, one of the most polluted rivers in the world' Iranian arms merchant says 'war is coming' b'Deadly bus explosion in Syria has hit a crowded bus carrying Iranian pilgrims' Honduras `The election was a farce, new regime will not be recognised'  National Resistance Front b'The research paper from the Italian doc that found the new treatment for Multiple Sclerosis [PDF]' b'Musk lake is a sarcastic name for the sewerage bit that flooded recently killing 100 person in the second largest Saudi city that has no drainage network although Saudi reaped 2 trillion dollars from oil ' Honduras' Congress overwhelmingly voted against reinstating President Manuel Zelaya, shrugging off international pressure four months after a coup that has isolated one of the poorest countries in the Americas b'Apartheid in Israel Arabs cannot reside in Jerusalem despite the Arab identity of the city' b'Mongolia to introduce national, unconditional basic income for all citizens' b'Iran's state television will ban makeup for women, abnormal music and unruly children, an Iranian newspaper reported' b'Police forces that name and shame criminals must remove the details from their websites after a month new rules on data protection and human rights' A UN report that's expected to be published in two weeks claims that that Nevadabased company's purchase of minerals looted from eastern Congo is helping to finance a decadelong war that has claimed the lives of millions of civilians b'Ruins of Pompeii added to Google Street View' b'A Lost European Culture, Pulled From Obscurity...older then Ancient Greece, or Egypt.' b'Shitstorm in Spain over proposed law to shut down sites, because of copyright infringement, without a court order.' b'UK closes X Filesstyle unit No UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat, resources are focused on the top priority  the frontline in Afghanistan' Israel last week We'll freeze settlement expansion. Israel today Let's build 84 more housing units. b'Iranian Crackdown Goes Global' b'Cigarette smuggling rises in Canada' b'Grim fate of injured hunter trapped in well shocks Spain' b'Settler runs over a Palestinian in front of soldiers [vid]' b'Thug who stabbed a man five times awarded more compensation than his victim was offered.' Explosion in Russian nightclub 'kills scores' b'UFO investigations unit closed by Ministry of Defence  In over 50 years, no UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom' b'Copenhagen Conference Prostitutes Offer Free Climate Summit Sex' b'Pakistani suicide bombers kill at least 37 inside mosque  ' b'Mexico City police freed 107 people who were forced to work under slavelike conditions in a clandestine factory making shopping bags and clothing clasps' 'Cavemen' brothers inherit a share of a 4 billion fortune. b'Jews back Muslims on minaret ban... Please, Swiss people you must keep banning all Jew and Islamic things and peace will be achieved!' The kilometrehigh skyscraper, the underwater hotel, the cloud on stilts The Dubai architecture you couldn't make up.n Dubai's ruler writes poetry, rides horses across the desert in and hobnobs with royals like the Queen of England. Mixing extravagance with boundless ambition, he commanded the desert citystate's meteoric rise  and helped sow the seeds, some observers say, of its debt crisis. b'Google boss Eric Schmidt Newspaper executives looking for someone to blame' b'Silvio Berlusconi, Italian sex symbol, linked to mafia in court evidence ' Uganda's 'Appalling' AntiHomosexuality Bill' UK's Gordon Brown and Canada's Stephen Harper call the legislation unacceptable, and now Sweden is adding its voice b'Nepalese ministers are preparing to hold a cabinet meeting on Mount Everest to raise awareness of the effects of climate change.' b'Fifth of Scots have poor literacy Fifth of Scotch whistles innocently.' b'Rawalpindi mosque attacks kills 26  Is this Jiahd?' b'(Russia) You won't buy our version of the war in Georgia? Fine, we won't buy your version of 9/11.' b'U.S. Security Firm Indicted for Fraud in Afghanistan' b'The government of Iceland getting a 4 bn loan from Russia in exchange for a 99year lease on the airport at Keflavik  a former American air base' b'Recent scenes from North Korea' b'Iran says it forced down Western plane.  U.S. denies initial Iranian reports that aircraft was American' b'An Iranian news agency said on Tuesday that a U.S. military aircraft had violated Iranian territory unintentionally and had been forced to land in Iran.' b'The Western World Needs to Rethink its Rush to Biofuels ' b'The West has completely failed the people of Somalia' b'Nepal declares girl new living goddess.  3yearold will be worshipped as incarnation of the Hindu deity Taleju' 50 dead in seven days in Mexico's drugs war China's Reputation On Product Safety Reaches a New Low b'Pakistan Faces Bankruptcy, Wants $100 Billion Handout' b'Russia says Georgia trying to provoke new conflict' b'Taliban split with al Qaeda and seek peace with Afghan government' b'AlQaeda is dwindling, but recent military strikes by the Americans in Pakistan's tribal areas are unifying the different radical Islamic groups' A novel about the Prophet Muhammad's child bride has been published in the US ahead of schedule after the office of the British publisher was attacked. b'Yahoo employee was head of media terror cell for Islamic Mujahideen' b'Terror as Iceland faces economic collapse' b'Russia is moving back to hairtrigger alert testing for its strategic nuclear bombers and cruise missiles for the first time since the closing years of the Cold War' b'The PEPCON disaster' b'Putin Releases Video Learn Judo With Vladimir Putin' It's 1240 Pm Pacific Time, and the DJIA is Down 393 Points and Plummeting! b'UN Says at Least 5,000 Flee Violence in Congo  NYTimes.com' b'Australian jet plunge injures 40 ' b'US supports Taliban return to power' b'BBC Investigation shows how much of a ripoff Cash4Gold is' b'Three Irish women are challenging the Irish antiabortion law in the European Court of Human Rights.' b'Mystery as spiral blue light display hovers above  Norway' b'Czech Govt Allows 5 Cannabis Plants For Personal Use From 2010' b'A photographer was stopped by a squad of seven officers who pulled up in three cars and a riot van (nanny state)' b'66%  of Saudi girls are beaten, 33%  are tortured with hot irons, not much  has changed since their old habit of  burying them alive ' b'Pakistan President has assets beyond his means of $1.5 billion' European America's favourite insult  b'Supertax on bank bonuses why the heck not?' b'Venezuela  Students shot while protesting for basic services in the country. One dead.' b'Half of all journalists jailed around the world worked online as bloggers, reporters, or Web editors. Most of them are freelancers with little or no institutional support.' Landowner stunned to find 1,000 yr. old anchor while draining his land to plant potatoes on Scotland's Isle of Skye. b'A brave step forward, a respected Arab human rights body calls out Arab states abuses.' b'Copenhagen talks in disarray after draft leak' b'Surprise, the world is stable! the appropriate response to claims that America is about to collapse or conquer the world... is a bored yawn.' Blair 'was told Iraq had disarmed  but still went to  war' Justice Israeli High Court Denies Palestinian Student's Petition to Finish University Iran shows again why it's the leader in human rights.  b'Rio and So Paulo police together kill more than 1,000 people every year says human rights watch. In our society the poor become homo sacer.' b'Second stalled wheel may doom Mars rover' b'Vast waves attract Hawaii surfers  Hang 11' Argentine president feuds with media conglomerate  What's behind Argentina's attempt to decentralize the media? b'A student in Ukraine died after his jaw was blown off reportedly by exploding chewing gum.n' b'Tradition! For 40 minutes, they trampled the bellowing, groaning bull, tried to break its neck by wrenching its head around by the horns, pulled its tongue out, stuffed sand in its mouth and even tried to tie its penis in a knot.' b'UK proposes 50% tax on banker bonuses' China's empty city, built for no reason other than to maintain an 8% growth rate! Madness! [VID] b'Russia confirmed that it was one of their missiles that was observed over northern Norway yesterday, launched from a nuclear submarine and built to carry nuclear warheads' b'Swedish Pirate Party Proposes Internet Bill of Rights in the European Parliament and wants your suggestions' b'Please let the world know Supreme Court maintains censorship of the press in Brazil' b'More girls in India are refusing to become child brides Despite a 2006 law banning the ageold practice, most parents in rural India still want to marry off their daughters before the legal age of 18.' b'Scotland to abolish Double Jeopardy rules.' b'Egypt building underground metal wall to curb smuggling into Gaza' b'What really matters is not minarets, but that we all, Muslims included, commit to the essentials of a free society' b'Greece Riot police that gave elderly woman brain injuries visits her at hospital, says it was accident. After beating her, he had also attacked doctor who tried to give her first aid.' b'Norwegian fisherman says he was nearly hit by the Russian failmissile while at sea' UK's richest man could make more than 1bn from carbon trading scheme b'Venezuela workers have now taken over the [rice packaging] company and made it 100% operative...  they showed that they dont need a capitalist manager to advance in the production of food' b'Afghanis are not exactly in agreement with the Nobel Committe and with Obama that he is the person deserving a Nobel Peace Prize.  Here are a few comments from Afghanistan...' b'Pakistani police 5 Americans have alQaida link' Somali bomber 'was from Denmark' b'Report Nigerian police killing civilians' Brazil police 'kill 11,000 in six years' b'U.K. government urges businesses Label products from settlements ' Old news, but worth the read Rio's drug wars by The Guardian. b'Despite the growth in world food production, fears of a food crisis remain very high because population growth has outstripped food production in the poorer half of the world population.' b'India to form new southern state' b'Britain taxes bank bonuses' b'Britain cut out of key decisions on Iraq says MI6 chief ' b'Copenhagen Summit developing nations warn of failure without US reverse' b'Membership for the Balkans Brussels Paves Way for Next EU Expansion ' Iceland. Sept 5/08  UN's Best Country to Live '07.  Oct 5/08 Food hoarding begins, Currency rated just above Zimbabwe b'The dark side of Dubai' b'China cancels military contacts with US in protest ' b'Pirates die mysteriously on captured ship' b'Pakistan facing bankruptcy ' b'Taliban split with al Qaeda, seek peace !' Teacher's Union calls for Legalization of TeacherStudent Sex b'Duality of man Is anyone kind of relieved that the other economic boot is dropping even though they are shitting their pants?' Female fighters We won't stand for male dominance b'Biggest ever fall in UK stocks' b'CNN King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia recently hosted talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban militant group' b'Germany to allow domestic military deployment' b'Moscow Says U.S. Leadership Era Is Ending ' b'The Impact Of Global Insolvency Pakistani Government Is About To Go Bankrupt' b'Markets need morals, says Brown.' b'Chinese lawyers seeking redress for the infant victims of poisoned milk are facing Official Government pressure to abandon their efforts. ' b'AIDS, cancer scientists scoop medicine Nobel ' Europe's economic super power, Germany, agrees to 50 billion bail out b'France urges Israel not to attack Iran' b'Attackers in the Congo shot and hacked to death six workers of the International Committee of the Red Cross' b'17 year old Girl has 7 Kids ' Iceland's Economy on Verge of Collapse b'Europe joins the bailout game' b'Iraq The Surge Is Not Working' b'Strange Creature Found On Russian Coastline Baffles Locals' Medical marijuana legal in all forms, Supreme Court rules (Canada) Elon Musk's SpaceX Plans To Launch 4,000 Satellites, Broadcasting Internet To Entire World Global Diabetes Rates Are Rising as Obesity Spreads Extramarital sex isn't adultery so long as you've paid for it, Japanese court rules Rupert Murdoch is getting ready to step down as the CEO of 21st Century Fox Isis's deadliest atrocity 600 bodies confirmed found following 'worst massacre' by jihadists Under Kim Jong Un, North Korea Faces Historic Famine As Drought Threatens Crop Production Corpse Elected Mayor in Mexico  A Dead Man Wins in Cartel Country Enrique Hernndez fought the lawless& the lawbefore he was shot to death at a campaign rally last month. But he wins election from the grave. Islamic State (IS) fighters have been targeted by other radical Islamist groups in Libya who have now declared a jihad against the extremist group. With less than 500 dollars and an Internetpowered campaign, 25yearold Mexican Pedro Kumamoto tapped into discontent with corruptionplagued political parties and makes history as the first independent candidate in Mexico to win an election by popular vote. Russia is no longer strategic partner of European Union, say Members of the European Parliament (resolution passed by 494 votes to 135, with 69 abstentions) Australian PM actively trying to reduce growth in renewable energy sector and limit wind farms Leaked trade deal terms prompt fears for Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme  Documents on the TransPacific Partnership revealed by Wikileaks have revealed draft rules for medicines provided by national health care schemes Tony Abbott agrees windfarms may have potential health impacts  Bill Shorten accuses PM of hurting investment in renewables as Abbott says his government is working to reduce the number of visually awful turbines North American scientists call for end to tar sands mining Fake Mobile Phone Towers Found To Be Actively Listening In On Calls In UK Turkish President Erdogan''Western countries are backing Syrian Kurds, but they are Terrorists'' Bid to block US military plans to turn Pacific islands into simulated war zone Spanish government to tax consumers who store their own renewable energy Americans and Canadians, it says, were the only nationalities surveyed in which more than half of those polled believed that their country should take military action if Russia attacked a NATO ally. Azerbaijan bans The Guardian and other news outlets from reporting on Baku European Games TTIP vote postponed as European Parliament descends into panic over trade deal reuters Saudi Arabia ready to raise oil output further to meet demand Ancient Church Uncovered During Highway Project in Israel 600 bodies exhumed at ISIL massacre site Members of a U.N. peacekeeping mission engaged in transactional sex with more than 225 Haitian women who said they needed to do so to obtain things like food and medication, a sign that sexual exploitation remains significantly underreported in such missions History Has Been Made. Female Genital Mutilation Banned In Nigeria. IMF data shows Iceland's economy recovered after it imprisoned bankers and let banks go bust  instead of bailing them out 'The biggest leak in Polish history'. Thousands of pages of top secret documents from 'the tapes affair' published on Facebook by a Polish businessman relentlessly fighting with corrupt authorities. Richard Branson grants new fathers at Virgin up to 12 months paternity on full pay European Parliament TTIP vote cancelled because of huge public pressure. Canadian Spy Bill C51 passed by Senate, despite widespread public opposition Humans to have sex in space for the first time Saudi Arabia is to lift laws that ban women from travelling without a man's permission Ontario first in North America to curb beekilling neonicotinoid pesticides Australian and New Zealand medicine to cost more and healthcare will suffer under TPP, according to Wikileaks documents In 1951, 22 Inuit children were taken from their homes by the Danish government in order to serve in a social experiment. Decades later, they demand the apology they were never given. Isis's dirty bomb Jihadists have seized 'enough radioactive material to build their first WMD' In a major shift of strategy in Iraq, the Obama administration is planning to establish a new military base in Anbar Province and send hundreds of additional American military trainers to help Iraqi forces retake the city of Ramadi and repel the Islamic State. The Secretive Bilderberg Group is bringing together the world's financial and political elite this week NASA released a ton of data to help developing nations prepare for global warming Amnesty International Calls on Obama to Drop Charges Against Edward Snowden Fake Mobile Phone Towers Operating In The UK Glitch at the International Space Station on Tuesday caused its position in orbit to change 'Overstretched' Russian air force suffers three crashes in five days Ban women from male labs because they are too distracting and cry when criticised, says Nobel prize winner Sir Tim Hunt FIFA Suspends 2026 World Cup Bid Process Poll finds half of Gazans want to leave...dissappointed with Hamas Chimpanzees found to drink alcoholic plant sap in wild UK oil firm 'paid Congolese officer who offered bribe to Virunga park ranger'  Leaked documents appear to show Soco paid $42,000 to officer who was filmed offering bribes to opponents of oil exploration in DRC national park The Turkish Government is providing electricity to ISIS in the Syrian town of Tel Abyad, which is occupied by the Islamic State Island Nation Burns Boats to Deter Illegal Fishing  The president of Palau decries those who are raping our marine environment. In a fiery crackdown on illegal fishing burned a cluster of Vietnamese fishing boats off their coast Thursday, sending black smoke up flames over turquoise water. China has vowed to phase out domestic Ivory market and Crack down online ivory trade. The Obama administration is expected to announce an agreement with Cuba in early July to reopen embassies and restore diplomatic relations severed more than five decades ago Three of the poorest, most violent Central American countries want $20 billion over the coming years to lift their economies with new roads and better education to curb illegal migration into the United States. Pentagon Price tag for war on ISIS is $2.7 billion Saudi pages on 9/11 report appear blank White House Weighs Sanctions After Second Breach of a Computer System U.S. 'recognizes' N. Korea as nuclear weapon state North's media More Europeans settling in Latin America than Latin Americans in Europe Euro Slides Vs Dollar as Merkel Bemoans Currencys Strength. A toostrong euro makes it tougher for countries like Portugal, Spain, Ireland, but especially Spain and Portugal, to harvest the fruits of their economic reforms, especially in terms of exports, Merkel said Scuffles broke out at the end of the first day of a landmark pollution trial in China on Friday as families who sued a chemical plant over high levels of lead in the blood of their children confronted lawyers representing the company. New planet, discovered by 15yearold intern Latvia arrests two Russians for entering military base Worlds First Successful Penis Transplant Patient to Become a Father Australian PM Abbott on accusations of border guards bribing immigrant asylum ship captains to return home, What we do is stop the boats by hook or by crook,. Egypt temporarily opens Gaza border crossing in sign of thaw with Hamas Australia would have stooped to a new low if reports that its navy paid peoplesmugglers bound for Australia thousands of dollars to turn back their boat are true, an Indonesian government official said on Saturday. Malaysia to free British tourist over naked mountain pose The U.S. House of Representatives blocked legislation to fasttrack trade bill despite lastminute plea from Obama Chinese Hackers Stole Security Clearance DocumentsFilled with Deeply Private Datafor Soldiers and Spies Pope Francis will call for an ethical and economic revolution to prevent catastrophic climate change and growing inequality A Torture Survivor Drew These Pictures To Describe The Hell Eritrea Has Become Canadian hacker, 22, gets 18 months in prison over US trade secrets theft Saudi blogger lawyer wins human rights prize Newlysurfaced video footage corroborates widespread assertions that the Turkish government's intelligence agency has been ensuring ISIL terrorists safe passage into Syria France gives Google 15 days to expand righttobeforgotten worldwide or face sanctions In a study of more than 5.7 million children in 5 countries, Autism was found to be linked to parental age. As currency dies, Zimbabweans will get $5 for 175 quadrillion local dollars An Indian journalist who linked an official to corruption died of burns. On his deathbed, he said the official's associates and police officers had set him on fire. The U.N. surprises everyone with a breakthrough deal to slow deforestation Over 90% of the world's population wants zero carbon emissions ... more than 9 out of 10 people on planet Earth think we should stop burning the oil, gas and coal that have helped boost global temperatures to dangerous record highs. Nobel laureate Satyarthi says up to 500,000 child soldiers worldwide When I read that a fiveyearold child is given a gun to kill an opponent of a militia group in Iraq... and the child could not handle that gun, he was buried alive... That makes me angry. I think this should make you all angry, Tony Abbott brags that he halted the spread of 'visually awful' wind farms INTERPOL suspends agreement with FIFA after receiving a 20 mil donation in 2011 Pope Francis 'Let us modify our relationship with natural resources'. People must change their lifestyles and attitudes to help defeat hunger, Pope Francis said Thursday (June 11), a hint of what may be coming in his muchanticipated environmental encyclical next week. New Charges of Climate Skeptics Undisclosed Ties to Energy Industry Highlight Journals Role as Gatekeeper. Soon accepted money from ExxonMobil Corp., the American Petroleum Institute, the Charles G. Koch Foundation and Southern Co., one of the largest electric utility companies in the US Polar bears are seen eating dolphins for the first time as climate change pushes species north Solar power passes 1% global threshold Well over 100,000 people celebrate Tel Aviv Gay Pride Parade, regions biggest Climate sceptic researcher investigated over funding from fossil fuel firms  Willie Soon from HarvardSmithsonian Center for Astrophysics probed over failure to disclose more than $1.2m from energy industry when submitting articles The Worst of All Horrors | Psychologists in Iraq, a country long afflicted by violence, say theyve never seen more terrible trauma than that caused by the Islamic State. 'Profits over public health' Secret TPP Healthcare Annex published by WikiLeaks Germany drops probe into U.S. spying on Merkel Malaysia Airlines plane fire forces emergency landing 175 Quadrillion Zimbabwean Dollars Now Equals $5 Saudi blogger Raif Badawi sentence 'a slow death', says wife Hizbollah declares war on ISIL The Shiite militant group has been fighting Al Qaedalinked Jabhat Al Nusra and allied rebel groups for more than a month along the border between Lebanon and Syria, but its declaration of war with ISIL opens up a new front Dozens of new Ebola cases reported in West Africa The Israeli military has cleared itself of culpability in one of the most controversial incidents in last summers Gaza war a missile attack that killed four children on Gaza beach and injured a number of others. Just minutes ago, a North Korean soldier walked across the border within the DMZ to defect to South Korea France bans sale of Monsanto herbicide Roundup in nurseries With Little Fanfare, Mexican Supreme Court Legalizes SameSex Marriage Senior diplomat dismisses claims that Snowden docs contained agents' names Rule no.1 in both the CIA and MI6 is that identities are never, ever written down. Stocks all over the world are dropping after Greek crisis talks fell apart in 45 minutes Journalists slam article claiming Russia, China cracked Edward Snowden files. Reporters who worked with classified documents say Sunday Times piece is full of falsehoods. Russia says will retaliate if U.S. weapons stationed on its borders North Korea is planting landmines on its border to prevent its own soldiers from fleeing the country Ireland to remove 1c and 2c coins from circulation US and China sign an army cooperation agreement. US invites China to take part in joint military exercises. Scientists say pope may be the key player on climate change President Omar Hassan alBashir of Sudan, who faced arrest on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide, appeared to have slipped out of South Africa on Monday morning, dealing a serious blow to the International Criminal Courts sixyear campaign to bring him to justice. Erdoans friendly chat with mob boss at wedding sparks outrage Israeli govt approves force feeding bill, says prisoner hunger strike is a suicide terrorist attack against Israel It's Official SpaceX Is Building Elon Musk's Hyperloop Chinas Stock Market Value Tops $10 Trillion for First Time Mexico Court Effectively Legalizes Same Sex Marriage North Korea confirms Defense Minister Hyon Yong Chol's execution for napping during Kim Jong Un meeting North Korea Has Turned Off 3G Networks For Foreign Visitors Putin upsets Erdoan by making him wait for meeting Report Huge fire engulfs France basilica Israel refuses entry to UN investigator reporting on human rights in the Palestinian territories Asylum seekers face increasing violence in Germany   Antiimmigrant sentiment is growing in Germany, where refugee housing is burned & asylum seekers are attacked Taliban shadow governor among 15 killed in NATO airstrike 'Poshness tests' block workingclass applicants at top companies Study of recruitment processes at elite law, accountancy and financial firms found that 70% of jobs went to applicants from private or selective schools Philae comet lander wakes up [After 7 months] Russia and China break encryption to gain access to NSA leaked files Tigers, lions, wolves and bears are feared to be on the loose in Georgias capital amid chaotic scenes brought by devastating floods that have reportedly killed eight people Italy threatens to 'hurt' Europe if no help with migrants Germany says Europe is losing patience with Greece The historic Christian Syrian town of Maalula celebrated Saturday as a new statue of the Virgin Mary was erected in its centre, replacing the figure destroyed in rebel attacks in 2013. Turkish border troops block Syrian masses fleeing ISIS  Water canons, warnings shots fired to turn back thousands seeking to escape fighting between Islamic State and Kurdish rebels The New Zealand Defence Force has announced it will ban sugary fizzy drinks and deep fried food after official figures released show thousands of personnel tipping the scales at obese or 'severely obese' levels. Indias Railway Coaches Are Testing Solar Panels To Cut Fuel Emissions And Create Massive Amounts Of Energy Sepp Blatter reconsidering resignation from FIFA presidency  report U.N. Tightens Noose on U.N. Rights Official Who Exposed Abuses. U.N. expand investigation into veteran U.N. human rights official who disclosed abuses against children in the Central African Republic U.S. appeals court strikes down Guantanamo conviction of bin Laden spokesman; Of the 8 convictions by Guantanamo military commissions, 4 have now been fully reversed European space chief suggests making room for India, China on station Thousands march in Warsaw parade showing growing public support for gay rights in Poland Germany drops investigation into claims the NSA tapped Angela Merkel's phone | The Verge Siberia registers its warmest recorded spring sparking new fears for rapid climate change China Launches First HarbinHamburg Freight Train The ChinaMongoliaRussia corridor is the biggest one among the six land corridors along the Silk Road Economic Belt It's expected the line is going to carry some 4billion yuan worth of freight every year. Britain pulls out spies as Russia, China crack Snowden files U.S. Poised to Put Heavy Weaponry in East Europe Theresa May keeps snoopers charter secret | Home secretary under fire for extraordinary refusal to share surveillance plans amid fears government will steamroller law through parliament Last legs the species with only a few remaining individuals  graphic The rate of animal extinction has rocketed in the past halfcentury, as hundreds  possibly thousands  of species disappear each year. Our graphic indicates some of the species whose numbers have dwindled to a vulnerable few. An Argentine federal oral court yesterday convicted the first judge for crimes against humanity committed during the 19761983 dictatorship Prominent leader of ISIS detained by Egyptian army in Sinai Erdogan says troubled by Kurdish advance in northern Syria U.S. plans to store heavy arms in Baltic, E.Europe WalMart Has $76 Billion in Overseas Tax Havens, Report Says Pope blasts global warming deniers  The poor and the Earth are shouting. The water table is dropping all over the world NASA warns were on the path to global drought The fight is on to stop an annual Chinese event which is expected to involve the slaughter of more than 10,000 dogs, some of whom are burned or boiled alive. Stop eating Nutella & save the forests, urges French ecology minister  Sgolne Royal says Nutella is made using palm oil, which is contributing to deforestation, & urges Ferrero to make the spread with other ingredients Palestinian government to resign within 24 hours Shock European court decision Websites are liable for users comments Robots to 3Dprint world's first continuouslyextruded steel bridge across a canal in Amsterdam, heralding the dawn of automatic construction sites and structural metal printing for public infrastructure The worlds largest underground aquifers  a source of fresh water for hundreds of millions of people  are being depleted at alarming rates, according to new NASA satellite data that provides the most detailed picture yet of vital water reserves hidden under the Earths surface. Snowdens lawyer says he witnessed Snowden destroy his copy of NSA documents before leaving Hong Kong; slams Sunday Times story The Dominican Republic is expelling all Dominicans of Haitian descent who can't prove residency. Child sacrifices continue to rise in Uganda; children are reportedly abducted by witch doctors and others who feel sacrifices will bring them wealth Hezbollah killed the Leader of the Islamic State for Al Qalamoun, Syria. The Taliban Tells the Islamic State to Get the Hell Out of Afghanistan Gay men arrested in Morocco because they 'stood too close to each other' Scientist just created the coldest substance on Earth Diseased fish confirm damage to Great Barrier Reef ecosystem, say scientists  New research into reef confirms sediment from coastal agriculture & industry development, such as the dredging for ports, is having an adverse effect on fish New NASA data show how the world is running out of water Israel makes historic Temple Mount concessions for Ramadan..easing security checks, hundreds of Gaza visitors 4300 Sikh,Hindu Refugees from Afghanistan & Pakistan Get Indian Citizenship As Tensions With U.S. Grow, Beijing Says It Will Stop Building Artificial Islands in South China Sea 'Open Your Eyes' Israel Releases Cartoon Mocking Foreign Correspondents Half of the worlds new power capacity came from renewables last year, with China leading the way Last year, the global economy grew by 3% but emissions stayed flat. This was the first time in at least 40 years that such an outcome has occurred outside economic crisis, the IEA said Swiss investigating 53 cases of possible money laundering at Fifa Prosecute sexual offenders, says UN panel | Nations whose peacekeeping troops commit sexual abuse should be named and shamed, according to a UN panel. Its report also recommends that flouter nations be barred from contributing troops to UN missions. A rising tide does not lift all boats IMF study shows wealth does not 'trickledown' as many economists believe. IMF recommends countries should concentrate on helping the poorest 20% of citizens. Millionaires are expected to control nearly half of the world's personal wealth by 2019 Israel accused of 'war crime' over bulldozing of Palestinian olive groves. They didnt leave me anything, said Sabri Manasra, who said he and a cousin had lost 800 trees. This is damage no one will forget, not my children, or my childrens children. I dont understand how people can do this. A police force has defended scanning the faces of 90,000 festivalgoers this weekend and checking them against a list of wanted criminals across Europe. 16 year old blogger Amos Yee, jailed in Singapore for criticising the government is now the world's youngest prisoner of conscience Edward Snowden 'smeared by UK officials' Accused of publishing government propaganda against NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, the Sunday Times is using copyright to hit back at its strongest critic. South Korea to install monitoring app in teenagers phones to block access to undesirable sites. Russia will add 40 ballistic missiles to nuclear arsenal in 2015  Putin More than 40 new intercontinental ballistic missiles able to overcome even the most technically advanced antimissile defence systems will be added to the makeup of the nuclear arsenal this year, Bored London man pranks ISIS. Israeli archaeologists have discovered a rare 3,000yearold inscription of a name mentioned in the Bible. They said Tuesday it is the first time the name was discovered in an ancient inscription. It is one of only four inscriptions discovered from the biblical 10th century B.C. Kingdom of Judah Russia's 'Microwave Gun' Can Disable Drones, Warheads Up To 6 Miles Away, Official Says Italy discovers biggest illegal waste dump in Europe 'Call me The Shadow, not Bromley Batman' anonymous London vigilante comes forward A 15yrold UK schoolboy has discovered a new planet Lithuania and Poland are preparing to host US heavy arms as part of an American plan that could see the US station military equipment in Central and Eastern Europe for the first time despite opposition from Russia. Gap between rich and poor in advanced economies at its highest level in decades. Pay lowincome families more to boost economic growth, says IMF  Study indicates stagnating incomes of the poor and middle classes could have been instrumental in the financial crisis Zimbabwe ditches its currency Z$35 quadrillion is now worth US$1 Kurdish fighters cut key supply line to Islamic State capital Raqqa Egypt Sentences Former President Morsi to Death for Escaping Prison Secretary says Air Force could send F22s to Europe to counter Russia Former FIFA executive Chuck Blazer agreed to go undercover for the US government at FIFA in 2013 to avoid potential 75year sentence Further research into the sophisticated computer virus used to hack into hotels where the Iran nuclear talks took place has found it took advantage of digital credentials stolen from the world's top contract electronics maker Foxconn Vietnam fishermen 'attacked by Chinese boats', say reports