 Mexico fires 3,200 (9%) of it's federal police. Largest world's plant DNA collection in Pavlovsk, Russia is about to be bulldozed after court decision  100 Russian skinheads  Attack Crowd of 3,000, Kill 14YearOld Graduates in the UK warned of a record 70 applicants for every job, some sectors have over 200 applicants for every available job Vladimir Putin says 'unsanctioned' protesters can expect police brutality U.S. staff move kids out of Mexico City 
U.S. consulate workers in Monterrey told to relocate children as drug war rages. Net Nutrality is now law in Chile More than 3,000 Mexican federal police fired for failing to do their work or being linked to corruption Syrian man dies at the age of 125  According to his personal identity card, Othman Ebrahim Ahmad was born in 1885. He had a good memory up to his death, Mohammad, one of his sons said in Saadiya. Iran media call French first lady 'prostitute' S. Korea's incoming PM abruptly quits 
S. Korean prime ministerdesignate Kim Taeho resigns amid probe. Drunk baboons plague Cape Town's exclusive suburbs   Interview With Iran's Foreign Minister   Spiegel plays hardball. Great questions. Begins with stoning, then on to electionrigging, corruption, nuclear weapons. Mottaki dodges, blusters. All interviews should be like this  Labour's New Message? Tax The Rich  Ed Miliband has called on Labour to propose raising taxes for the betteroff and impose a 5bnayear tax on the banks as he marks out a new dividing line with his elder brother David. Australia prepares for locust plague Not guilty. Israeli captain who emptied his rifle into a 13yearold Palestinain schoolgirl | An IDF officer who claimed he would have done the same even if she had been three years old was acquitted on all charges by a military court yesterday. At least 6 people dead, 13 wounded in shooting near Bratislava (Slovakia). Gunman is believed to be 15 years old. What. The. Fuck. Japan colonial presence felt 100 years on Seoul and Korea must put aside differences in the face of unpredictable North Korea Obama to Widen Sanctions on North Korea for S.Korean boat attack Hurricane Earl grows to Category 4 Rebels attack Chechen leader's home and have bloody clash with his personal security guards Korea and Japan A 100year war of words  Sarkozy's crackdown on Roma camps adds fuel to criticism at home and abroad Indonesian Volcana Erupts Again Phillipines Solicitor General loses marriage anulment appeal... for relying on Wikipedia as an authority To offset the spate of negative stories on the Israeli Defense Force here's the Combatant's Letter, Signed by 500+ Soldiers that refuse to serve in the occupied territories.  Et tu, Israel? A singer who performed in front of a 'mixed audience' of men and women was
lashed 39 times to make him 'repent', after a ruling by a selfdescribed
rabbinic court on Wednesday. BREAKING The bloodiest fist of one of the biggest drug cartels in Mexico just fell. An Israeli army officer who fired the entire magazine of his automatic rifle into a 13yearold Palestinian girl and then said he would have done the same even if she had been three years old was acquitted on all charges by a military court yesterday. How to Kill Goyim and Influence People A rabbinical guidebook for killing nonJews has sparked an uproar in Israel and exposed the power a bunch of genocidal theocrats wield over the government Ramadan 2010  The Big Picture Israel set to build wings for some 800 F35s  Israel is in talks to build the wings for about a quarter of the United States's new F35 stealth fighter aircraft... Lockheed Martin currently plans to build some 3,200 F35s costing about $96 million each.
 Fidel Castro accepts responsibility for persecution of Cuban gays Unicef ambassador Ewen McGregor speaks on behalf of the 3.5million children and millions more who have been affected by the Pakistan floods. ( Tasmania has approved laws recognising same sex marriage. For years, the people living in a small village in 
Russia were kept ignorant in that they were living 
in the most radioactively polluted place on earth. 4 Israelis killed in West Bank shooting attack Fake goods are fine, says EU study  You all remember what happened at Haiti. Here's a video from Aljazeera of Haiti after 6 months. Fidel Castro says he feels revived Afghan Government Moves to Bailout Leading Bank  The sudden intervention by the Afghan government to shore up a deeply troubled bank sent shock waves through the capital, prompting fears among American and Afghan officials about the integrity of the countrys financial system. French Riviera Hijacked By Russian Mafia 800,000 refugees in Syria drought, most relocated to camps, have no access to electricity or running water, no schools, many children must work to sustain their families Disaster prompts resurgence for Pakistan Army Brito dies waiting for an aswer from President Chvez Four Israelis killed in shooting attack near Hebron, including a pregnant woman, one day before start of peace talks Argentina has ruled that search engines are not responsible for the content of sites that they index. The court overturned a lower court's ruling against Google and Yahoo! Argentina. Mubarak signals Egypt succession by taking son to Washington BBC News  Iranian insults against Carla BruniSarkozy unacceptable  France Tony Blair I knew Gordon Brown would be a disaster 700 metres of the Great Wall of China collapses due to excessive mining Yue Yue, the little girl run over by two trucks, has now died. Global warming 'confirmed' by independent study Basque separatist group Eta says it has called a definitive cessation to its campaign of bombings and shootings. India mulls law to make private sector bribes a criminal offense Gadhafi's last words Do you know right from wrong? Protesting students seize Chile's Senate building David Attenborough 'I'm an essential evil' David Attenborough's latest TV series, Frozen Planet, is being heralded as his take on climate change. Now 85, he explains why  finally  he's speaking out on the issue, and shares the joys of a long life spent filming sex and death in the wild Syrian protesters to Assad You're next Police move in on Occupy Melbourne as protesters defy eviction order. Swedish Court Snapping pics of sleeping woman's breasts 'not a crime'  Two young men who bared and took pictures of the breasts of a passedout 18yearold woman are not guilty of sexual molestation because the girl wasn't aware that she was being molested at the time, a Swedish court has ruled. Robert Fisk You can't blame Gaddafi for thinking he was one of the good guys Gaddafi daughter in hospital after watching her father lynched on TV Mogadishu massacre  70 AU troops killed Qaddafi Was Captured Alive  Who Killed Him? Iraq rejects US request to maintain bases after troop withdrawal Iceland's President declares support for Occupy Wall Street  protests organized by social media and technological developments are healthy for society Obama Iraq war will be over by year's end; all troops coming home  CNN.com Hacking Update News Corp To Pay $4.8M To Family Of Murdered Girl; Allegations Tip Of The Iceberg  Messengers of Death Are Drones Creating a New Global Arms Race?
 Hundreds demonstrated against the growing criminalization of homelessness in Budapest India sixth largest contributor to global wealth  
Report Indias total wealth rose by $1.3 trillion to reach $4.1 trillion in 2011; expected to top $8.9 trillion by 2016 UK Met facing mounting crisis as activist spying operation unravels ..virtually nothing was known about the secretive police units which, for four decades, had been surreptitiously disrupting the activities of political campaign groups Turkey sends 10,000 troops to Iraq border who are backed up by F16 warplanes, helicopter gunships and drones. Guatemala apologises to Arbenz family for 1954 coup  Guatemala's government has apologised to the family of former President Jacobo Arbenz who was toppled in 1954 in a CIAbacked coup.  Libyan forces 'capture Gaddafi'  local TV reports. Whistleblowers murdered in India illustrate the fatal hazards of exposing corruption Report into undercover police delayed, allegations that police chiefs had authorised undercover police officers to give false evidence in court. Russia is pressing for a UN resolution aimed at keeping thousands of shoulderfired surfacetoair missiles purchased by former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi from getting into the hands of armed groups and terrorists. Its time for the UN to formally apologize for having legitimized Gaddafis regime by electing Libya to its Human Rights Council last year, to the Security Council in 20082009, and as General Assembly president in 2009, Muammar Gaddafi killed At 105, Celebrated Chinese Linguist Now A Dissident Zhou Youguang Ordinary people no longer believe in the Communist Party. ... People ask me if there's hope for China. I'm an optimist. I didn't even lose hope during the Japanese occupation and World War II. A Jew Of No Religion  
Yoram Kaniuk, novelist, 81, wins court victory in Israel. He can be Jewish by nationality, but an atheist by religion. Sounds like progress. But raises new questions about church and state relations, and what it means to be Jewish In Syria, protests mutate to armed resistance amid economic meltdown GM crops fail to increase yield but vastly increased  use of chemicals and the growth of superweeds The study accuses Monsanto of controlling 95% of the Indian cotton seed market and massively pushing up prices Libya The End of Qaddafi and the Fall of Sirte [pics]
 Authorities knew that Rupert Murdoch's News of the World tabloid had hacked into the phone of murdered teenager Milly Dowler nine years before the scandal over the practice exploded. Gaddafi removed from truck apparently alive  video Bolivian natives triumphantly enter La Paz after a 2month march from the Amazon opposing construction of a highway through their homeland   The road is to be built through the pristine Isiboro Secure National Park & Indigenous Territory  inhabited by 50,000 native people  Police spies unit 'crossed the line', says Lord Macdonald Former director of public prosecutions accuses Metropolitan police of 'monumental misjudgment' in allowing undercover officers to give false evidence
 With injuries to the leg, torso and head, the former dictator was found alone in the drain pipe, surrounded by the bodies of his guards who had been shot as they fled Sirte from the west. Mainstream Press Account In Australia Makes The Case For Why 'Piracy' Is Not The Problem The Venezuelan Supreme Court today basically belongs to President Chvez. Ever since his supporters packed the court in 2004, its rulings have repeatedly sought to protect the presidents political agenda, not to uphold basic human rights.  Benjamin Netanyahu is ridiculed in Israel for his attempts to capitalize on the release of Gilad Shalit Ratings agency forecasts are throwing entire countries into financial crises by driving up interest rates on bonds. Now the EU is considering a ban on ratings for countries that are in the process of negotiating economic bailout packages. Mexican police Head of shelter charged with prostituting women residents  CNN.com Basque group ETA ends armed independence campaign The Rise and Fall of Muammar Gaddafi [pics]
 Qaddafi's death leaves a Libya that must build itself from scratch  Muammar Qaddafi's government was one of a kind, with no independent institutions. That means Libya's new government has nothing, good or bad, to build on. Canada's Supreme Court rules that hyperlinks on websites the link to defamatory content do not constitute publication, shielding content sharers from liability, should they inadvertently post links to libelous material b'How do I know China wrecked the Copenhagen deal? I was in the room.' b'RCMP conduct training exercise on private property without consent, shoot and kill family dog. ' b'Israel plans to demolish 900 Palestinian houses in Jerusalem to built settlements' b'In Germany, a Disturbing Rise of Extreme RightWing Violence Politically and racially motivated crimes by the far right hit a record high of more than 20,000' b'Jane was raped by a U.S. Navy sailor in 2002 in Japan I feel that the courts of Japan have made a mockery of rape victims ...moreover rapists will be able to roam free as they have in my own case, ready to rape again, until true justice rings through the air. ' b'The family of a marine involved in taking down a Mexican drugs cartel leader have been massacred in a revenge attack.' b'The 13metre (43ft) high billy goat has been torched 24 times since it was first erected in Gavle in 1966. ' b'Palestinian President Peace talks possible only when Israel stops settlements' b'Israeli newspaper What Israel fears most is a Palestinian popular struggle for equal rights.  Over the past few months, the efforts to suppress the struggle have increased.' b'British were waterboarding prisoners in Northern Ireland in 1970s' b'Hundreds of protesters, led by bornagain clerics,  cultural leaders, and university undergraduates,  demonstrate in the Ugandan capital in support of a  law to kill gay people for being gay' b'Report says 225,000 Haiti children work as slaves.' b'Lithuanian stable used for CIA interrogations' b'More Clashes reported in Iran' b'Russia and the United States tend to view Ukraine as a key battleground in a cosmic proxy war between East and West. Both have a bad habit of trying to pick winners in Ukrainian politics. These interventions, nave in their own ways, tend to backfire, often at Ukraines expense.' b'Canadian court orders woman to turn over Facebook history to assess her capacity for work ' b'Philip Weiss on organ thefts I say its further evidence of this great challenge in Jewish history, learning respect for the other' b'What is dangerous about a popular struggle is that it is impossible to label it as terror and then use that as an excuse to strengthen the regime of privileges, as Israel has done for the past 20 years.' Pakistan's transvestites to get distinct gender to ensure their rights b'Christian caught with 5m cocaine haul claims he thought the coke parcels were bibles' b'Revenge in Drug War Chills Mexico' b' Sodano explained that the case, a class action to make the Vatican accountable for child sexual abuse by priests in the US, was a violation of the internationally recognised principle of sovereign immunity.' b'Iran comes out on top in secret simulated war games ' A bomb killed two men and damaged a historic church in a northern Iraqi city on Wednesday, one day ahead of Christmas Eve services that will be heavily guarded for fear of more attacks on the country's Christian minority b'The first female freedom fighter in the Arab world, Jamila, she fought the French occupation, tortured by them , helped liberate Algeria, now abandoned and penniless ' Famous Australian tv chef loses his wife and 3 kids in a house fire. Suffers burns to 40% of his body tryin to save them. All on Christmas night.  7 year old Israeli girl is afraid to walk the 300 meters between home and school because of the violence she has faced from ultraOrthodox men who say her clothes are too revealing.  Brazil Overtakes UK as 6thLargest Economy  Belgium Is In Deep Financial Trouble Due To Bank Bailouts, But Now, Finally, A Bank CEO Is Getting Sued Because the U.S. is regarded in China as a Christian nation, many parents see Christian schools as part of mainstream American culture Largest protest since collapse of Soviet Union rocks Russia.  100,000 demonstrators More than 40 patients have died in the last five days amid an ongoing strike by doctors at public hospitals in India's Rajasthan state. Five bombs exploded in Nigeria at churches on Christmas, killing dozens and maiming hundreds of churchgoers Yuan at alltime high to the US dollar. South Korea's former First Lady Lee Heeho travels to Pyongyang to offer condolences over the death of  Kim Jongil. China jails dissident Chen Xi for 10 years  
 Veteran dissident is the 2nd within 4 days to be convicted of inciting subversion through online essays China city tightens control of microblogs, Shanghai will require microblog users to register under their real names from Monday, the latest local government in China to implement the rule after a spate of violent protests. A Murder Foretold  
Story of a murky political intrigue in Guatemala and how one attorney, investigating controversial murder case, accurately predicted his own assassination. Long, powerful article with a plot straight out of a John Grisham novel The Soviet Union's Afterlife  Twenty years later, questions endure about how and why the nation abruptly dissolved. Sea Shepherd Now Using Drones To Hunt Japanese Whalers Indonesian police fire on gold mine protesters Arab League official wounded in Syria shelling, Mustashar Mahgoub was injured in an attack in Homs; locals report tanks firing machineguns and mortars into residential areas. North Korean powerbehindthrone emerges as neighbors meet New Delhi's homeless wait out biting cold  India's homeless are waiting out the biting cold winter, which has already killed over 100 people, mostly in Uttar Pradesh. China, Japan strengthen financial, currency ties ... To support the growing economic and financial relations between China and Japan France won't arrest former war crimes court official 'Anonymous' hackers hit US security firm Stratfor Fukushima investigation reveals failings, Japan's response was confused and riddled with problems, including an erroneous assumption an emergency cooling system was working and a delay in disclosing dangerous radiation leaks. Brazilian economy 'overtakes UK' London police are investigating after man was stabbed to death on Oxford Street, one of the world's busiest shopping streets, at about 1345 GMT today. b'BREAKING NEWS German Federal ConstitutionalnCourt rules against internet and telephone data storage! Fuck yeah!' b'Massive head of pharaoh unearthed in Egypt' Chile's massive earthquake has likely altered the distribution of the Earth's overall mass, scientists from NASA say. As a result, the length of a day is now a little shorter than it was before Saturday's magnitude 8.8 earthquake.  b'12yearold Palestinian Child To Be Prosecuted As An Adult By An Israeli Military Court' b'Muslim scholar issues unequivocal condemnation of suicide bombers acting in the name of Islam' b'Overprotected children missing out on dangerous childhood' b'So, in short, the BBC have decided to bend over and take it in the Ass from James Murdoch et al.' b'Chinese police forced to resign amid allegations of torture and prisoner abuse. ' b'The Other Africa The usual image of Africa as a continent mired in conflict and squalor is unfair and misleading. Yes, African has some failed states, but most of its 53 countries are mostly peaceful, agreeable places.' b'Fatwa to condemn terrorism to be issued Suicide bombings and attacks against civilian are not only condemned by Islam, in other words, render them to be unbelievers destined for hell' b'Changing face in Poland Skinhead puts on skullcap. When I look at an old picture of myself as a skinhead, I feel ashamed. Every day I try and do teshuvah. ' b'Israel is recording details of Israelis who protest with Palestinians rights activist in an effort to block these Israelis at checkpoints.' b'Dubai will identify Israelis by physical features and the way they speak' b'Former Serbian leader Karadi denies the Srebrenica genocide, calls war just and holy' b'Chilean Army fails to regain control from looters, sends 10.000 soldiers to the earthquake region' Irish town representatives voted to remove a page signed by the Israeli ambassador from its guestbook in protest at Israel's diplomatic record. b'Chile Update Worse than originally thought. ' b'200 Russian tanks found abandoned in forest It is like you can sit behind the wheel, start up the engine and drive off and nobody would notice!' b'France announced yesterday that it has entered into exclusive negotiations on the sale of four of its sophisticated Mistralclass assault ships to Russia. If completed it would be the first major arms sale of a Western nation to Russia since World War 2.' b'EWG Uzbekistan authorities have instructed health workers to surgically sterilize women as part of a government campaign to reduce the birth rate in the authoritarian exSoviet nation.' b'The Taliban made life unbearable for nonislamic minorities causing migrations within Pakistan' b'Ex U.S. army colonel to make antiwar speech at major Canadian University' Plainclothes police broke into Mr Panahi's family home and arrested him, his wife and daughter and 15 other guests b'Chinese model ready to sick authorities on her exboyfriend who posted explicit video' b'Martin Ssempa, Ugandan minister with close ties to Rick Warren and a supporter of the bill to put homosexuals to death in that country, is showing gay porn during church services to get people all fired up to kill the gays' Police enter a private backyard without permission for police dog training, shoot and kill the property owner's dog when it defends its territory b'Incredible Article On The Man Who Shot The Romanian Dictator Ceasescu And His Wife 20 Years Ago The verdict was read out after a few hours. The Ceausescus were sentenced to death. They had ten days to appeal, but the sentence was to be carried out immediately. A nod to Kafka.' b'Racial pecking order of UAE displayed in a car advertisement' b'Unlearned lessons of the Soviet invasion  The U.S., like the Soviet Union, is learning the hard way on Afghanistan.' Iran's central bank has said defaced banknotes are to be made invalid, after the appearance of opposition slogans on money, local media report. b'200 Israeli teenagers have pledged to disobey any orders to evacuate settlements during their military service Jewish law as written in the Torah forbids the dismantling of Jewishbuilt homes' b'Barcelona People using the street as a toilet, taking drugs, having sex...Residents take pictures and send them to the mayor to protests. Happy Christmas!' b'Who was Grand Ayatollah Hosein Ali Montazeri and how did he come to realize that the theocracy he helped build for Iranians was ultimately unlivable?' b'Ugandan official on gays Killing them might not be helpful; life imprisonment would be better.' b'Outrage at Mexico drug gang reprisal killings' b'Russia will work on a new generation of atomic weapons and missiles to strengthen its nuclear deterrent says President Medvedev' b'Bangladesh  The population bomb is ticking' Member of Israel's parliament says the regime still continues to steal organs from the bodies of Palestinians b'Israel threatens another largescale Gaza war' b'European Friends of Israel sues Hamas for war crimes in Belgium' Osama bin Laden's daughter found hiding in Saudi Embassy in Tehran b'Cuba lets cardinal give Xmas message on state TV' Store opens adultsonly Santa's Grotto b'France once home to the Atlantic Sturgeon  This discovery is of major importance for the reintroduction of sturgeons into European rivers' b'Loan wolf? Prizewinning photographer faces fakery  claims' b'Peru forensic team finds bodies of 25 children killed in Ayacucho during internal war' b'Russia and Georgia have agreed to reopen a border crossing that has been closed since July 2006.' b'Christians Leaders United for War The tyrannical Iranian regime shall never threaten the world with nuclear weapons' b'I don't want to get married again until after I am dead. ' b'How health and safety is killing Christmas. no ... not a joke post. ' b'The police officer caught on film attacking Ian Tomlinson during the G20 protests could face manslaughter charges after a second postmortem concluded that the newspaper vendor died from internal bleeding and not a heart attack.' b'Officer assaults woman with a baton at a memorial protest for Ian Tomlinson, a G20 victim [vid]' b'Israel ready to bomb Iran  Get ready for a Russian smackdown' b'AIPAC in action US to boycott a UN forum on racism to protect Apartheid Israel' b'Iran convicts American journalist on spying charges' b'US plans to boycott UN racism conference.' b'Fox business interviews the Icelandic Minister of business Affairs and show clips of massive rioting...IN LATVIA!' At least 83 children lost both parents and 2,200 lost at least one during apartheid Israel's recent war on Gaza. b'French capture Eta Military Chief' Rahm is talking tough against Israel however if the Bill Clinton era is anything to go by little action will result from this, the 'settler' population in the West Bank will increase and so will funding True stories of US soldiers abused in Iraq ... Oh, by the way, they're women. b'Beijing state control over the press is insufficient and will be increased' b'A Taste of AFRICOM Somalia did find peace and tried to stop piracy until the US bombed the shit out of it in 2006 ' b'Shami Chakrabarti (of Liberty fame) was target in police search in Damian Green arrest' b'You might be Canadian!! No, Really!! Take this quiz to see!!!' b'Iran jails journalist as US spy' Afghanistan's controversial law emboldens women's rights activists | csmonitor.com b'Chavez reportedly greeted Obama by saying, with this very hand I greeted President Bush. I want to be your friend.' b'Justice for the Uighurs' '60 Minutes , Scott Pelley Talks about Cold Fusion Report b'Israelis feel chill as US sets out new ground rules' b'Shootout Leaves 16 Dead in Mexico  Drug War' b'Disappearing World Global warming Claims Tropical Island ' b'North Korea Sanctions a declaration of war' Bolivia international terror gang 'also targetted Cardinal' Taliban execute couple for 'illicit relationship' b'Head of Independent Police Board Slams G20 Police Violence and Dishonesty' b'Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad urges full defense for US reporter' b'Pirate Party Swells After Spectrial Verdict' b'Jackie Chan Chinese people need to be controlled' b'11yearold girl dies after being punished by teacher'  Schools turn to bouncers for 'crowd control' during absent teachers' lessons Tamil civilians slaughtered as army shells 'nofire zone' Could someone explain to me why so many Americans hate Hugo Chavez so much? He might be a bit pompous and have a slight authoritarian streak, but he's a truly democratically elected leader who honestly seems to care about his people. Headlines Africa  Dig 'may reveal' Cleopatra's tom b'Cut aid to Africa  Dead Aid, By Dambisa Moyo' Palestinians mourn demonstrator's death UAE arrests suspect in Lebanon's Hariri murder 5 Ways People Are Trying to Save the World (That Don't Work) b'Palestinians waiting, waiting for a solution, while Israel continues to talk peace while waging war. Are they waiting for Godot?' b'Iran breaks agreement to stop shelling Kurds' Chavez 'to restore US ambassador' b'IMF warns over parallels to Great Depression' `Capitalism is putting an end to humanity and the planet'  ALBA countries' document for the 5th Summit of the Americas b'Gunmen kidnap two foreign aid workers in Somalia' Solution to global financial crisis, Tasmania's wombat poo b'Fifty Years of Terror ETA Timeline' British MI5 Seeks a Real 'Q' b'8 basic instructions for owners of Internet Cafes in Saudi Arabia (including censorship, secret cameras)' b'History of Staged Terrorism  The trails lead back into the 1950s  NATO is still blocking the facts.' b'Overfishing to wipe out bluefin tuna WWF' b'In the last few weeks, 25 boys and men are reported to have been killed in Baghdad because they were, or were perceived to be, gay' b'North Korea responds to UN Security Council condemnation of its rocket launch by quitting negotations and resuming production of nuclear weapons' b'North Korea orders UN inspectors out' b'Ronald Reagan Was An FBI Informant' b'UK  Police raid dozens of homes as climate change activists arrested' b'Egypt accuses Hezbollah of plotting attacks on its soil, labels the group a terrorist organization for the first time ' b'The decline in Israel's reputation is a structurally inbuilt logic of an occupation that becomes increasingly aggressive, in order to maintain itself and a settler population that is increasingly radicalised. ' Dear shipping companies Haven't you ever heard of traveling in convoys? Ships did it in WWII. Check it out. Sincerely, the taxpayers who are rescuing your asses from pirates b'China Concentration Camps Are Exposed' b'We have decided to kill U.S. and French sailors if they happen to be among our future hostages' b'Apartheid Israel to Encage Christian Village' b'Charity is calling for a campaign to protect the UK's mental health, describing a culture of fear in which the media and politicians fuel a sense of unease.' b'Urine spray man gets nine years ' b'tIAEA Chief Israel would be utterly crazy to attack Iran. If you bomb, you will turn the region into a ball of fire and put Iran on a crash course for nuclear weapons with the support of the whole Muslim world.' b'Single shots killed Somali pirates the snipers were able to make the shot at night in rolling waters.' b' The [British] government does not feel the need to hold contingency plans specifically for the eventuality of crude oil supplies peaking between now and 2020.' Real IRA 'will carry out attacks on mainland Britain' b'N. Korea vows to restart nuclear reactor, end talks'  Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels say they are ready to negotiate a permanent ceasefire with the government forces b'Tony Blair claims that Binyamin Netanyahu will build a Palestinian nation  With these two Palestinians have no chance' b'Define Brave   President of Fiji Law Society speaks out from jail cell' b'Untold Stories about Somalia Pirates  European ships dump Nuclear Waste into Somalia Ocean' b'Pirates seize two ships off Somalia' b'Is the west thwarting Arab plans for reform?' b'Monsanto Uprooted Germany Bans Cultivation of GM Corn' b'Headlines Africa  Niger villages say No to female genital mutilation' b'Saudia Arabia to enter the 14th century and regulate child brides' b'Video Woman smacked and beaten by cop at G20 protests ' b'Go the French!  French Warship Captures Pirates. Pirates wanted to kill the crew and destroy the last US ship they attacked.' b'Fears that Britain is slipping into a surveillance society have been heightened by Brussels initiating legal action' b'Somali Pirates Hijack 4 More Ships' Israel does not plan to cooperate with a U.N. agency's investigation into alleged war crimes by Israeli troops and Hamas militants during fighting in Gaza. b'Fijian newspapers are turning into the Onion' b'The Mizrahis, Jewish migrants from Arab countries, are still stunned at the level of ignorance and prejudice that greeted them in the new Israel. Zionism, the ideology that built the Jewish state, was conceived in Europe and was, inevitably, set to a European tune.' Britain's failure to protect its citizens from secret surveillance on the internet is to be investigated by the European Commission. b'Free speech is nothing but trouble.' b'Afghan Feminists Beaten With Rocks Today' b'Bolivian President Evo Morales ends hunger strike. If the oligarchy insults me, if they attack me, it means that I am doing my job. It means that I am defending the people' b'G20 protest videos Growing catalogue of evidence against police' b'Genocide and crimes against humanity have become coded jargon. You end up arguing whether a particular outrage is an act of genocide or not, and not whether what happened was reprehensible or not.' The police should take note little brother's watching you b'Women hit by stones at rally against law that critics say legalizes marital rape.' b'Somalia says let us handle the pirates' b'A great tool.  Tracks world shipping and ship locations.  Liberty Sun is now off Somolia and was attacked.  ' b'London Police officer suspended after video surfaces of brutality at vigil [Video]' No winners in Thailand's crisis Vatican 'vetoes' US envoy names b'Mexico Begins Legislative Debate On Legalizing Marijuana' b'Taliban execute eloping young lovers in Afghanistan' b'London police are now deleting tourists' photos because photographing anything to do with transport is strictly forbidden. ' Schoolboy gets sarcasm instead of help when calling Australian '911'  Dies as a result In the Indian election, 700m voters, 28 days, 250,000 police world's biggest democratic poll begins b'Afghan Women Stoned During Protest of Rape Law, Make Cowards of Their Men' b'Police brutality The camera is mightier than the sword' b'Robert Fisk How can you trust the cowardly BBC?' b'Pirate Bay Trial Update  Verdict Comes Friday' b'Russia ends war with Chechnya' b'Hundreds gathered on Wednesday in front of the European Union patent office in Munich to protest a patent for a test to check pigs for a gene that makes them produce more meat, arguing that the process opens the door to further commercial exploitation of biological processes and weakens farmers.' b'Video Police threaten photographers at G20 protest with arrest ' b'Man Gets on Bus  Fiji Daily' One round of dialysis in hospitals costs 3x the average Chinese farmer's yearly income Coop clinic had provided its patients with dialysis for 1% of the hospital cost, until Chinese health officials shut it down this month. Patients now refusing to leave Beijing until they receive a settlement. b'President Medvedev Russia needs more political competition and a greater freedom to protest.' b'Britain Police make mass preemptive arrest of protesters in Nottingham' New Human Rights Watch report Eritrea becoming 'a giant prison' , is one of the most closed and repressive states in the world, b'300 Afghan women protesting Afghanistan's new rapecondoning laws are chased by groups 3x larger than their own comprised mostly of men; the women are threatened with death, called whores, and attacked.' Iranian scientists cloned a goat; the effort is part of Iran's quest to become a leader in science and medicine. Oslo Police 'NonWesterners' Behind Most Sexual Assaults... b'Spanish Prosecutor Drop case against Bush officials' b'Starving Zimbabweans poaching wild animals' Eritrea 'like a giant prison', claims human rights group b'Crazy stories from Dubai... Modern day slavery' b'Stories of UK police paranoia getting more absurd  UK police force Austrian tourists to delete bus photos.' b'A limited UNled investigation of 90 people in one jail found evidence of severe beatings and inhuman conditions. The corpse of Valeriu Boboc, a 23yearold protester, was returned to his parents covered in bruises; the authorities say he was poisoned.' b'Russia Ends Operation in Chechnya ' b'A poll of 60,000 Swedes showed that 89 per cent believed that the Pirate Bay founders should have been acquitted' The Pirate Bay Don't worry  we're from the internets. It's going to be alright. ) b'Did you know there are 4 varieties of Bengal Tiger? A beautiful photo shoot of over a dozen Bengals.' G20  Ian Tomlinson's death was NOT heart attack second post mortem suggests b'PIRATE BAY FOUND GUILTY!' b'Hong Kong Students Vote to Condemn Tiananmen Square Violence' b'Vatican bewildered by Belgian condemnation and official resolution against the pope's comments on the use of condoms.' b'U.S. experts Pakistan on course to become an Islamic state; It's a disaster in the making on the scale of the Iranian revolution, U.S. intelligence official says.' b'1,500 Indian Farmers Commit Mass Suicide' b'The Torture Colony In a remote part of Chile, an evil German evangelist built a utopia whose members helped the Pinochet regime perform its foulest deeds' b'London G20 protestor died from an abdominal haemorrhage and NOT natural causes, like orginally claimed' b'Tragic.  Over 1500 farmers in India commit suicide after crop failure.' b'CNN African Villages Denounce Female Circumcision'  Dubai Police confirm plan to block internet 'smut'  Russia deploys 22 ships from Black Sea Fleet, is another war with Georgia looming? Where there's smoke... b'Top 10 Free Secure Online Tools to avoid Pirate Bay Verdict' b'Spanish court says torture charges against Bush officials can continue, despite AG opposition.' b'The Piratebay founders found guilty, one year in jail each and a 30 million SEK fine' b'Man Killed at G20 Died of Internal Bleeding, New Autopsy Reveals ' b'Police 'stop attempt on Morales'   Press downplaying Assasination Attempt?' Chechnya Russia declares 'mission accomplished' in strongman state b'Russian Forces Deploying for Possible Action in Georgia' b' Ancient, frozen ecosystem produces bloodred ice flows' b'Headlines Africa  Former child soldiers, sex slaves recover from Liberias war' Ral Castro Cuba ready 'to discuss everything' with U.S. b'French president humiliated when French Parliment rejects his proposed law that would allow the recording and movie industry to cut off Internet for accused illegal downloaders' b'Google Street View Cameraman Dont you take pictures of me, mate.' b'Republican Lawmaker Suggests Asians Adopt EasiertoPronounce Names' b'UK, if you think Dubai is bad, just look at your own country' b'The OneChild Policy in action There are 32 million more mainland Chinese males under the age of 20 than females' b'Photographer Steve Back, whose picture of the UK's antiterror chief holding a clearly visible secret document led to his resignation yesterday Ive told Downing Street before that the quality of lenses means that we can read ministerial papers' b'Israel threatens to prevent Northern Ireland leader Gerry Adams from travelling to Gaza.  He goes anyway, and meets with Hamas leaders.' b'Swedish civil servants surfing porn to chase taxable income.' Russia's cosmonauts prepare for letdown b'Israel Cries Wolf  on Iran  again. Roger Cohen, NY Times' b'Iraq suicide bombing kills five U.S. soldiers' b'Somali pirates surrounded by FBI and US warships in Indian Ocean standoff' b'Obama asks Congress for extra $83.4 bln for military funding in Iraq and Afghanistan.. ALL money would be spent by SEPTEMBER' b'A Taste of AFRICOM Somalia did find peace and tried to stop piracy before the US bombed the shit out of it in 2006 ' Activist Charged for Inciting 'Twitter Revolution' (Updated) | Danger Room from Wired.com b'Underdogs of War 6 Tiny Nations that Kicked Ass' Interview with Iranian President Ahmadinejad 'We Are Neither Obstinate nor Gullible'  SPIEGEL ONLINE  News  International b'Lost of  hope in Gaza aftermath......this is what the war was really out to accomplish.' b'Yay! Obama seeks extra funds for wars ' b'U.S. Negotiations With Somali Pirates Continue  I thought it was US policy NOT to negotiate with terrorists. Can someone explain?' b'Democracy loses in Fiji! President abrogates constitution!' b'In the 3rd Poorest Place on the Planet. We have $200m of Reward Money Outstanding, incl. $50m for Osama & NoOne has Come Forward to Take a Cent.' b'Bolivian president Evo Morales is on a hunger strike for constitutional reform' b'Gunman on Mich Community college campus; gunshot reported' b'Russia blamed for pipeline blast ' b'How to spot a lame, lame argument  author of The Dark Side of Dubai responds to Arab criticism' While his shocking gaffes make news abroad, the Italian PM's stranglehold on TV and newspapers keeps his nation clueless. What is the difference between the government controlling the media and one family controlling it all? 2/3 of French soldiers during WWII were not white, so they weren't allowed to be in the victory parades  b'Hostage killed as French storm yacht held by Somali pirates' b'Thursday, Leon Panetta, the director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), issued a memo declaring the Obama administrations policy of amnesty for torturers. The US corporate mass media ignored the topic.' b'French subway beating  This is a brutal video the French government has worked hard to suppress.' b'Palestinians  Israel Must Back TwoState Solution and Abide by Previous Agreements, Including the Halting of All Settlement Activity, If Peace Talks are to Resume' b'Four Afghani civilians killed in raid by US military, including a mother and her children, with a baby dying afterwards.  They are described as combatants in the intitial report.  ' b'Unethical Marketing by drug company surfaces' b'Measles Outbreak' b'Toxic scandal in Somalia gave birth to new piracy' b'Death By the Numbers Pakistan Counts the Toll of the BushObama Drone War' b'Beck imitates Obama pouring gasoline on average American ' b'Somali Pirates are just avenging all the nuclear waste dumped on their coast' b'Metropolitan police chiefs ordered to justify tactics at G20 protests' b'Russian Rocket Forces tell about plans for 2009' China Gender Gap ''If you've got highly sexed young men, there is a concern that they will all get together and, with high levels of testosterone, there may be a real risk, that they will go out and commit crimes'' b'Ah, Easter.  Chocolate bunnies, coloring eggs, and.. WTF' b'The Kremlin Wins a Round in Moldova' China's guy problems only getting worse b'We have no interest in building a nuclear weapon.  The world should fear those who have built nuclear weapons in secret and who shun the IAEA.' Robber's heartattack ploy works only once b'Pirates holding a German cargo ship returned to port Saturday after failing to reach a lifeboat containing four pirates and their American hostage' b'Educating Our Kids  The Sarva Shiiksha Abhiyan | GroundReport' b'WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and SportsBus Driver Accused of Using Bus to Discipline' b'You are being lied to about pirates.' b'American captain Richard Phillips rescued, 3 pirates killed, 1 taken into custody' b'Darwinism award candidate makes her debut at the Berlin Zoo.' b'A douchebag from Harvard Palestinian civilians could be culpable for suicide bombings by supporting them' b'What the US learnt from Iraq  and the Arab world didnt' Thailand's ousted prime minister called for a revolution Sunday after rioting erupted in the capital, with protesters commandeering public buses and swarming triumphantly over military vehicles in unchecked defiance after the government declared a state of emergency. b'Ian Tomlinson threeyear wait for G20 death verdict' b'Americans invade home, massacre Afghan woman, her three children & brotherinlaw, let their God Sort It Out. ' b'We suddenly had so many women coming in with postrape lesions and injuries I could never have imagined. Our minds just couldnt take in what these women had suffered.' I've watched the police for 30 years and I still despair The policeman who 'killed' a G20 protestor claims he was 'protecting him' and forcibly shoved him to the ground for 'his own safety' b'State of emergency in Bangkok 10,000 antigovernment protesters are at the gates of Government House and several hundred are marching toward police headquarters' Am I the only person who wants an online micropayment system for newspapers? I don't want to see decent papers go under and 0.001 means nothing to me. b'UK encourages yet more personal debt at environments expense' b'Two thousand Poles are currently in prison for riding a bicycle whilst under the influence of alcohol. ' b'Hypocrisy in all its splendor' b'A second Jewish state' b'The disappearing male gender.  ' b'US court allows apartheid cases ' b'Sri Lanka to suspend offensives against rebels to enable tens of thousands of trapped civilians to leave the war zone, if the Tamil Tigers will let them.' Saudi judge refuses to annul 8yearold's marriage b'Lost everything when the Icelandic banks collapsed' b'Tamil protesters vent their fury' b'MI5 hires little old ladies, moms pushing strollers for tailing suspects' b'Russia, Iraq call for fair new world order  Gee, I thought that was what Obama and Brown were calling for' b'The filmmaker Sir David Attenborough becomes a patron of a group seeking to cut the growth in human population. ' b'American captain rescued, pirates killed' b'SEALs parachuted into water in dark, later slid down tow line to lifeboat' b'During Gaza offensive, soldier steals ATM card from Gaza resident, withdraws money in Israel' b'WTF? Why Is This Merely A Side Note? Various gangs along Somalia's coast are holding 18 foreign ships  including five taken this week  and more than 250 hostages.' b'Why I Know Weapons Expert Dr David Kelly Was Murdered, by the MP Who Spent a Year Investigating His Death' b'New Zealand Locked out union employees fight back with lock in' b'Obama To Allow Travel, Money Transfers To Cuba' b'Now pirates vow to kill future US, French hostages.' In case you didn't know, Fiji is going down the crapper b'You are being lied to about pirates' b'Vatican blocks Caroline Kennedy appointment as US ambassador because of her support for abortion, you know' b'Warning that Pakistan is in danger of collapse within months' b'British and mainland Europeans have known for more than a year new leather sofas from China are a hotbed of allergens' b'European subsidies are responsible for largescale unemployment and poverty among farmers in Africa, Asia and Latin America' b' Over 150,000 Gazans still without tap water' The coronation of Bhutan's Dragon King, and what it means for the worlds last Himalayan kingdom b'Obama says the US seeks to halt piracy on the high seas' b'U.S. Military Considers Attacks on Somali Pirates Land Bases ' (UK) Police investigate shocking video of 17 drunken soldiers 'roasting' underage girl b'The Two Piracies in Somalia' b'Wikileaks.de taken offline by German registrar' b'Iran offers to train Afghan police ' b'Georgia protesters move to oust president' b'No one dared report the accident because the owner was so powerful. Graft in China Covers Up Toll of Coal Mines ' b'Israel admits harvesting Palestinian organs' b'The day the music won. Simon Cowell defeated by Rage Against the Machine in UK Christmas chart ' Israel's chief Rabbi today said settler terrorism in the West Bank reminded him of the Nazi Kristallnacht against the Jews. b'BBC News  Police in Poland find sign stolen from Auschwitz gate' b'Fidel Castro The truth about what happened at Copenhagen' Hugo Chavez has accused the U.S. of violating Venezuela's airspace with an unmanned spy plane, and ordered his military to be on alert and shoot down any such aircraft in the future. b'Israel admits harvesting Palestinian organs' b'There is no investment in development that costs so little and brings benefits that are so farreaching and enormous.' b'USAID Understaffed and overwhelmed in Afghanistan' b'Grand Ayatollah Montazeri From the beginning of the revolution, we have been chanting slogans of independence, liberty, Islamic republic. The complaint I have is why the slogans we have been chanting since then haven't been fulfilled. May he be granted in death what he was denied in life.' b'Thousands of Maoist protesters in Nepal enforce the second day of their nationwide general strike, shouting antigovernment slogans and paralyzing much of the country as businesses remain shuttered and vehicle traffic almost nonexistent in the capital, Katmandu.' Dear World Leaders,  This relationship isn't working out. Its time for us to explore other government opportunities. We've tried to make it work. But it's not us  it's you (really).   b'Saudi air strikes kill 54 civilians Yemen rebels' b'Tens of thousands of Iranian mourners turned the funeral procession of the country's most senior dissident cleric into an antigovernment protest Monday, chanting death to the dictator and slogans in support of the opposition amid heavy security.' b'Steadicam, One long shot, 5 min 20 seconds with no editing. Robert Carlyle ' What became of Romania's neglected orphans? b'Israel admits to organ thefts' Chavez accuses U.S. of sending spy plane into Venezuela's airspace b'Man handles 5,000 worth of stolen goods. Fined 3.2m and faces 10 years in prison. How is such a fine justified?' b'Why does Pakistan hate the United States?  By Christopher Hitchens' b'O Martin! Where are thou? Despite all you did 400 years ago, Simony continues. ' b'Guerrillas take to government  Onetime rebels now hold key political positions across Latin America.' b'Remembering a truly great man Montazeri demonstrated that no one, even a charismatic and powerful man such as Ayatollah Khomeini, could influence him when it came to defending the truth. He showed that power meant nothing to him if it came at the expense of defending the rights of the oppressed.' b'Italian town where a White Christmas is a police matter. On orders from the local council, controlled by the conservative Northern League, police have been carrying out housetohouse searches for illegal immigrants in an action dubbed Operation White Christmas.' b'Britain accuses China over climate talks  report' b'Russian woman caught redhanded drinking orange juice in Dubai' b'Russia to loan Chavez $US 1 billion  to buy arms' b'Henry Rollins in Israel. Your kids will inherit the war you did not stop. Amazing video.' b'Stopping a Financial Crisis, the Swedish Way' b'Pakistani troops fire at US helicopters on border' Ahmadinejad 'American Empire' Nearing its End b'Internet will run out of IP addresses by 2010, warns Vint Cerf' Pakistan 'fires on Nato aircraft'  Zardari Says U.S. Raids Harm Pakistan's AntiExtremist Campaign   b' US finds emboldened Russia holding the cards' b'Venezuela Enchilada of Evil' b'Green Knives Bide Their Time For Gordon Brown  Red, Green, and Blue' b'N.Korea ousts U.N. monitors, to restart atom bomb plant ' b'Iraq passes election laws that US and Iraq officials call crucial for the nation to heal its political and religious fissures.' b'Fred Reed throws his hat in the presidential ring' b'Senior White House officials were central in discussions on using harsh interrogation techniques' b'Shots fired in USPakistan clash' b'The suspense is killing me' b'Carla BruniSarkozy in New York  ' b'A McCainPalin ad claims Obama has been mum on the economic crisis. That's false.' b'Finnish gunman burnt bodies after massacre' b'Bistros going out of business as French diners stay home or turn to fast food' Venezuela's Chavez sees America as a 'sinking ship' b'Indonesia cleaning up corruption' b'Do you drink enough water? ' b'Laura Dekker, a 13 year old girl who ran away from her Dutch home because Dutch courts would not let her sail around the world has been found in the Caribbean' b'This is why Zionism is racism Jerusalem Mayor Barkat has rejected the recommendation of professionals for a wellbaby clinic for  some 100,000 Arabicspeaking residents but the 7,000 Israelis will receive the baby clinic ' b'Mexico City becomes the first city in Latin America to legalize samesex marriage' b'Secret neoNazi documents published 11 membership lists about to go online (Wikileaks asking for volunteers with database skills to be able to expand fields and dumping to text)' b'BBC News  Iranian crowd stops execution and frees convicts' b'Israel to seek another 1b euros Holocaust in reparations from Germany (The gift that keeps giving...)' b'[Priest] said his advice did not contradict the Bibles eighth commandment, not to steal, saying Gods love for the poor and despised outweighed the property rights of the rich.' State Terrorists' dilemma, the woman is a Mossad agent accompanied by a guard assigned, not for her safety but to keep her mouth shut on horrific state secrets   b'd.bags in Reuters, AFP, AP and CNN, here are the torture stories you are avoiding in Egypt' b'The British army subjected prisoners in Northern Ireland to waterboarding during interrogations in the 1970s' b'Mexico City became the first capital in Catholic, often macho Latin America to allow samesex marriage on Monday when city legislators passed a law giving gay couples full marriage rights.' b' Serbia to apply for EU membership  ' Canadian Mint's missing $15 million blamed on 'accounting errors'; Mint changes accounting methods after shady investigation b'Facebook fuelling divorce, research claims  Telegraph' What isn't widely reported is that Cambodia has now received $1.2bil. in aid for returning the Uyghur asylum seekers If you don't know much about relations between Russia and Chechnya, now's a good time to learn.  b'Gunmen kill family of Mexican drug war hero  ' b'Sabotage cuts Iraqi oil pipeline' b'Egyptian bloggers expose police abuse and torture' b'Chinese villagers jailed for hunting, eating tiger' b'Pakistani court sentences two men to have their noses and ears cut off' World 'failed Gaza over Israeli blockade' according to aid groups b'US warns Japan over relocation of Futenma airbase' Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi is fired as head of Iran's Arts Institution, his only public post. b'Mexico City allows gay marriage with landmark law' In a matter of days, the number of expected foreign visitors to Tibet has gone from millions to zero, as China Forbids International Tourism to Tibet Indefinitely. Farright Greek politician punches female rival on TV. Toronto to ban plastic bags by 2013 Gay marriage in the church just passed in Danish parliament  Denmark approves gay weddings in church Four women killed for dancing at Pakistani wedding  
World News  India Today Hollande lowers French retirement age back to 60 Dead obese woman's fat sets crematorium building on fire Amid Economic Crisis, Spain Ponders Taxing Catholic Church Property  Yahoo! News Manhunt for Greek lawmaker who hit female rival on live television  World News Golden Dawn spokesman attacks leftwing politicians on live TV Dead' boy wakes up and asks for water at funeral in Brazil
 Syrian army stops UN from reaching 'massacre'  Massive Fish Kill Outside Tokyo  Looks like a carpet of sardines.  There are tons & tons of dead sardines washing up on shore.  Not only is the sight disturbing, but the huge amount of dead fish is literally smelling up the entire surrounding area. Huge Peru Tomb Found80 Bodies Greek farright Golden Dawn MP wanted for assault UN report warns global environment is near tipping point, calls for urgent action U.N. monitors shot at on way to Syria massacre site JPost journalist attacked by mob in Greece. The incident began around 8 p.m. when a group of about 20 masked men wielding batons started beating refugees, migrants and homeless people in the middle of the street. State media reported that staff at a religious school in heavily Muslim far western China set off explosives to fend off a police raid and that 12 children were burned. An overseas rights group, however, blamed tear gas used by paramilitary forces for the injuries. After 33 years, I can no longer ignore the evidence on drugs Asian Origin for Human Ancestors? Discovery of a new primate that lived about 37 million years ago in the ancient swamplands of Myanmar bolsters the idea that the deep primate family tree that gave rise to humans is rooted in Asia Freak European monsoon brings 70mph winds, torrential rain and 40ft waves to the UK 'I want my son executed'  Parents of man who secretly buried his 8yearold child after allegedly torturing her to death seek capital punishment German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the EU needs a political union even if it means some countries integrating faster than others Ray Bradbury Passes Away at 91. Russia Adopts Controversial Protest Bill  It hikes the penalty for organisers of illegal protests to 1,000,000 rubles ($32,100), while participants can be fined up to 300,000 rubles ($9,000).  'Human Rights Watch' criticized the bill, saying it severely undercut the right to peaceful assembly. Teacher who gave students zero marks becomes a folk hero  The Globe and Mail Bath Salts drug ingredient to be made illegal in Canada UN IAEA inspectors have verified that Iran converted 33% of its 20% enriched uranium stockpile into metal plates. Converting the 20 percent uranium into fuel makes it more difficult to use the material for weapons. Blind, Paralysis Tiananmen activist found hanged in Chinese hospital room, Chinese cop said this is sucide. The Vatican said it was being blackmailed by the leaking of confidential documents taken from the Pope's private apartment as an anonymous mole threatened to release more embarrassing material unless two senior officials were sacked. Dozens arrested after riot at Foxconn plant. Belgian rightwingers have offered to pay a $310 bounty to anyone who reports a veiled woman to police Starbucks Ireland alienates it's entire customer base with one bad tweet. Germany was quick to approve a phaseout of nuclear power in the country after the Fukushima nuclear disaster. Now the costs of moving toward renewable energy are just being realized, and lowincome consumers are paying the price. Groundbreaking Photography Exhibit on Imperial Japanese Sex Slave Labor Canceled in Tokyo Joseph Stalin's Deadly Railway to Nowhere  In the Russian Arctic lies buried an unfinished railway built by prisoners of Stalin's gulags. For decades noone talked about it. But 1 woman is now telling the story   & there's talk of bringing back to life the abandoned railway itself. Drugresistant gonorrhoea has spread across the world, say health officials Suspicious packages believed to contain human remains sent to two Vancouver schools Greece Warns of Going Broke as Taxes Dry Up A leading Chinese dissident, Li Wangyang, imprisoned after the 1989 Tiananmen prodemocracy protests has been found dead under strange circumstances, his relatives and rights groups said. US Drone Kills AlQaeda No. 2 Officer Large Tahrir Square protests break out over Mubarak sentence and lack of real change Why China is likely to get more involved in Afghanistan  For the past decade, China has not played a significant role in Afghanistan. But with NATO starting to pull out, Afghanistan's security will affect neighboring China. In Turkey, Abortion Law Sparks New Battle Over Mosque Versus State  
In the latest clash over the role of religion in Turkish society, thousands in Istanbul have rallied against a proposed new law that would restrict abortion rights Spain said it is losing access to credit markets and appealed to its European partners to help revive its banks, a distress signal sure to intensify global pressure on Europe to move faster to the aid of its fourthlargest economy. Yes, they use the euro. And the economy is booming. Israel's attorney general approves Netanyahu's plan to relocate 5 homes on Palestinian land to former military base in West Bank where 300 unites will be built. Netanayahu also to head settlement approval committee and establishes Palestinian court grievance  process China says Great Wall is 21,000 km long Canada's warrantless surveillance bill is back, and bigger than ever, with surveillance powers for US gov't, too(xpost from r/canada) A mob of hundreds of men assaulted women who were taking part in a march in Cairo's Tahrir Square to end sexual harassment in Egypt. North Korea ships malwareinfected games to South Korean users, uses them to launch DDoS attacks Tens of thousands of gallons of oil spilled from pipeline into Red Deer River in Alberta. Students cant win in Canadas gerontocracy Apple to pay $2 million for misleading Aussies over 4G iPad Greek extremist mob rampages through streets of Athens in broad daylight, attacking refugees, migrants, homeless, and a foreign journalist. Unclear whether the mob was of the far right or far left. Syrian rebels tried to get me killed, says Channel 4 correspondent. Alex Thomson says crew was led to 'freefire zone' as deaths would discredit Bashar alAssad's regime
 News from Antarctica 'Sexual depravity' of penguins that scientist dared not reveal Man told to ditch his 'offensive' 666 number plate. Quebec sues tobacco giants for $60bn; Lawsuit seeks to recover health care costs associated with smoking Spanish bank bailout could reach 100 billion euros Mexican network alleged to have sold favourable election coverage to top politicians  French troop pullout from Afghanistan to start in July 
Irelands brain drain uses up their quota of US, 
Canadian and Australian visas  More young people going bankrupt Spanish Banks Need $46 Billion, I.M.F. Says. 51 Colleges in Brazil are closed since the last month because of the small wages of their professors  Canadian Government Repeals Hate Speech Clause Mexicans Want New Approach To Bloody Drug War Golden Dawn spokesman claims he was provoked before live TV assault, says he will sue Iran's nuclear program 4 things you probably didn't know Mob attacks march against sexual harassment in Egypt; attackers grope women Syrian rebels tried to get me killed, says British Journalist crew was led to 'freefire zone' as deaths would discredit Bashar alAssad's regime Bhagavad Gita banyan tree dying slow death  The Times of India Parents who force their children to marry will face jail under new UK laws to be introduced Moscow bans gay pride for century ahead City court ruled lawful to ban public events that can be qualified as gay parades from March 2012 till May 2112 Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper silences Canadian scientists An 11yearold boy will appear in court in Bahrain on Monday to face charges of illegally protesting. Greece is not in a recession. It is in a Depression. Former Pentagon Analyst China can shut down all the telecom gear it sold to US Japan PM says two reactors must restart for survival of society
| Reuters The US Will ReOpen Massive Philippine Bases Not Occupied Since The Cold War Robert Mugabe's motorcade runs over homeless man North Korea faces worst drought in 50 years; South says aid unlikely UFO Sightings Across Middle East Were Probably A Missile  Argentina is trying to impose an economic blockade on the Falkland Islands Putin signs new antirally bill An eightton gilded bronze door so splendid Michelangelo dubbed it the `'Door of Paradise will be unveiled to the public again after 27 years of restoration work. New immigration law would force UK citizens with nonEU partners to choose between exile or breakup. A British journalist claims Syrian rebels set him up to die in no man's land near the Lebanese border, saying Friday he believes they wanted to use his death at the hands of government forces to score propaganda points. Euro 2012 Holland players subjected to racist abuse at training session Tobacco giant Philip Morris infiltrated Swiss university Israel to build housing in West Bank Big Content wants to bring SOPAstyle policies to Canada 14 Dismembered Bodies Found in Lorry Parked in Front of Mayor's Office in Mexico  Gangrelated messages were found on the blankets covering 11 men & 3 women
 At least 18 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a bus carrying government employees in north west Pakistan. Blood, Flesh, Gore at Site of Suspected Massacre in Syria Bloodied heads of young seals found nailed to entrance of sanctuary Ukraine ambassador accuses BBC of bias over Euro 2012 racism claims Iran leader says 'American empire' near collapse b'Global corruption index Somalia most, Denmark least corrupt country' All Systems Go for China's Manned Space Launch b'The wreckage of a suspected US spy plane has been found near the Afghan border by the Pakistani army, but it has denied claims it was shot down' b'Children are targets of Nigerian witch hunt | Children and babies branded as evil are being abused, abandoned and even murdered while the (Christian Evangelical) preachers make money out of the fear' N Korea nuclear seals 'removed'  b'North Korea expels IAEA monitors from atom bomb plant' Amid milk scare, China's elite get special food b'Aid groups Tony Blair faces imminent failure in Middle East ' Iran's Ahmadinejad US 'empire' nears collapse b'Pakistanis shoot down suspected U.S. military drone' b'English Tutor flees the country after swindling 5 billion.' b'.S. navy tanker under apparent pirate attack off Somalia ' b'Hurricanes Shift Debate On Embargo Against Cuba ' b'Soldiers accidentally kill Sunni leader in Iraq' b'Astronomers detect an interplanetary collision. Worldnews?' b'Fears grow in Lebanon as 10,000 Syrian troops arrive on the border' b'They further stated that from here on the IAEA inspectors will have no further access to the reprocessing plant.' b'Admiral Mullen Pleads For Cooperation With Russia' b'Russia Refuses To Meet With U.S. on Iranian Nuclear Program' b'Krugman on the bailout All the signs I look at, declared Paulson in April 2007, show the housing market is at or near a bottom. Umm, yeah, and we should trust your judgment now?' b'Pittsburgh students cannot get less than 50% in assignments, tests and other work.' b'Four fallacies about the RussoGeorgian conflict' Georgia's president announces government overhaul b'Does the Cold War Have Lessons for Today?' b'Excellent new BBC documentary on Israeli settlers in east Jerusalem. Not sure how long this will stay up on YouTube. Highly recommended viewing...' b'Former UK ambassador CIA sent prisoners to Uzbekistan to be raped with broken bottles and boiled alive' b'Ireland dumps electronic voting machines, goes back to fully accountable pen and paper.' Israel's prime minister has declared his country would retain parts of the West Bank forevern b'Italian teen stabs father in fight over PlayStation. Police said the argument broke out when the [father] offered his son advice on tactics to improve his play' b'Displeased but polite Canadian throws cream pie in the face of Fisheries Minister to protest the seal hunt' Israel calls UN Gaza report 'antiSemitic' b'BBC News  Ethiopian Airlines jet crashes into sea off Beirut' b'Israel After Operation Cast Lead in Gaza there were more antiSemitic incidents in 2009 than in any year since World War II' b'Report Israel opens Gaza crossings, lets in aid' 37 dead, 100 wounded in three Iraq bombings  shortly after 'Chemical Ali' is executed b'Guatemala moves to arrest expresident on US  request' Fidel Castro on Haiti Cuba `sends doctors, not soldiers' b'Former PM of Malaysia Jews had to be periodically massacred' b'Israel underlines refusal to abandon settlement program; wonders why the Arabs are trying to kill Jews.' b'Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister prevented the entry of a Belgian minister into the Gaza Strip. Your visit will only bolster Hamas  and legitimize it' b'Osama Bin Laden America will never dream of living in peace unless we live it in Palestine. Therefore, with God's will, our attacks on you will continue as long as you continue to support Israel' China's most senior negotiator on climate change calls for open mind on causes, suggests that it may have nothing to do with human activity A minority government that represents less than half of Canada decided that they can prorogue parliament in the same year that we're going to be hosting the Olympics, the G8 and G20 summits... b'Senior Whitehall lawyers to tell probe the Iraq war was illegal' b'Child soldiers are commonly seen as helpless victims of unscrupulous recruiters. But most are not. ' b'An Ethiopian Airlines plane carrying 90 people crashed into the Mediterranean Sea in flames early today just minutes after takeoff from Beirut.' BBC News  'Chemical Ali' executed in Iraq Hamas Egypt's steel wall benefits the Israeli occupation because it has killed the last lifeline keeping the Gaza Strip alive after two and a half years of siege b'When there is an emergency, it triggers a vanity parade. Lots of people go there anxious to show that their country is big and important, showing solidarity,  Italian head of civil protection' b'France considers banning the burqa' Turkey's prime minister Israel Commits War Crimes. Israel Response You are antiSemite. Airline passengers have 'no right' to refuse naked  body scanners Haiti's head Voodoo priest question Church of Scientology operation b'My cousin, who says that she is hungry and has been sleeping in bushes with dead bodies nearby, stops me. Dont cry, she says. Thats life. No, its not life, I say. Or it should not be. It is, she insists. Thats what it is. And life, like death, lasts only a little while.' b'Israel cracks down on NGO workers Oxfam, Doctors Without Borders, Save the Children lose work permits' b'Canada is quickly turning into a police state! Suggesting that a pie in the face is terrorism is what's intimidating!' US Television is reporting riots in Haiti. What they don't tell you is that their own camera crews started the riots. b'China to jail people who eat dogs or cats' b'The Great Australian Internet Blackout' b'Markus Reinhardt, head of security for the Davos World Economic Forum which starts tomorrow has been found dead of an apparent suicide.' b'Italian official The Americans are extraordinary, but when you are facing a situation in chaos they tend to confuse military intervention with emergency aid, which cannot be entrusted to the armed forces...it was pathetic' Japan 'May Rethink' US Futenma Air Base After Election Residents of the Japanese city of Nago, on Okinawa, chose a candidate opposed to the hosting of an American air base b'Government ordered police to use all means, including force, to prevent demonstrators across Serbia that blocked roads and railway lines. Both police union of Serbia and Independent Union of Police, announced they will not respect this decision and will not fight the hungry workers' b'Fox News leaves false report on Haiti uncorrected |  Raw Story' Britain awaits Blair's Iraq testimony  London police brace for protests outside Chilcot commission.n British filmmakers uncover Trajan's hidden Roman aqueduct  Venezuela  Thousands of students marched to protest the government's widely criticized suspension of a TV station opposed to President Hugo Chavez. b'A Jew a Muslim and some Christians ' Trying to tame Tokyo's adult playground b'Ministry of Justice lists ecoactivists alongside  terrorists' b'Report Al Qaeda Weapons of Mass Destruction Threat, Hype or Reality?' b'Just received this short press release from Christian Peacemaker Teams in the West Bank; doubt any news sources will pick up on it' b'Worst. Plan. Ever? Britain and Japan have agreed to head an international fund, expected to total up to $500 million over the next five years, as part of a broad plan to help lure Taliban fighters away from the insurgency.' b'The new Miss England is an Iraqi war veteran who received a commendation for bravery when she disarmed an Iraqi insurgent. She is also very beautiful!. How did we end up with a Carrie Prejean' b'Dr. Norman Finkelstein Every single member of my family on both sides were exterminated...I consider nothing more dispicable then to use their suffering and their martyrdom to try to justify the torture, the brutalization, the demolition of homes that Israel daily commits against the Palestinians' b'UN report indicates clear evidence of UK role in torture' Chavez Writes Off Haiti's Oil Debt to Venezuela b'Shoe thrown at Israel chief judge hitting her face' b'A bit of insight into the warped mentality of the ultrareligious settlers in the West Bank.  People like this are the true enemies of peace.' b'Peru in a state of emergency over 7,000 people are left homeless due to severe flooding and mudslides in several regions' b'Yesterday, they threw water bottles back at us and said, We dont want your water  Why would the Haitians do this?' b'BREAKING South Korea returns artillery fire from North. Why would they shoot back? ' b'Secret detention may amount to crime against humanity UN report' b'Canadian Surgeons go to Haiti on own accord. Now asking government to pay for their troubles.' b'Blackwater employees indicted for murder in Afghanistan were hired after pasts of cocaine use, assault and battery, and going AWOL.' b'Hugo Chavez says U.S. is using earthquake as pretext for occupying Haiti' WHO 'exaggerated swine flu danger'  Who Made the Profits? b'Robert Fisk The treelined bunkers that could change the face of the MiddlenEast. The border looks peaceful, but Hizbollah and Israel are preparing for war. This is no game. The Israeli army wants to revenge itself on the Hizbollah,nwhich humiliated it in 2006.' b'Plan considered to buy off Taliban' b'Honduras Cesar Silva and Edwin Renn Fajardo Argueta documented government repression in 2009. This is the video Cesar and Edwin tried to share. This is the video Cesar was tortured for. This is the video Edwin died for.' b'some object to the practice in some regions of beating dogs to death to release the blood into the meat.' b'Canada's spin on homegrown extremism  A man plotting mass murder in Toronto sought to profit financially from his terrorism' b'The Iraq inquiry isnt going anywhere fast, so many lies!' b'Embarking on singlechild policy in Bangladeshn' 30,000,000,000 square feet of commercial real estate being constructed in China. That's one cubicle for every man, woman and child in the country. b'Massive new effort to end the war in Afghanistan by trying to buy off the Taliban US$500million for jobs and protection' b'Supreme Leader of Iran Israel poses major threat to Muslim world, one day regional nations will definitely witness the destruction of the Zionist regime' b'Constituent harassed by Telegraph readers after sending email to Tory PPC' Worst year 'since Holocaust' for antisemitism; the  Community Security Trust recorded more  antisemitic incidents in the first six months of 2009  than it has done in any previous entire year b'Howard Zinn, arguably one of the most important scholars of our time, is dead. ' Danish Bank wont invest in Israeli companies who's reportedly been involved in construction of Jewish settlements and the Apartheid Wall in the West Bank. When is a terrorist not a terrorist? When he's a rabbi firebombing a mosque b'[Video] Dr Finkelstein responds to crocodile tears of a zionist If you had any heart in you, you would be crying for the Palestinians' b'Howard Zinn (RIP) & Noam Chomsky discuss The Lord of the Rings One of the problems with the perspective offered by the ManElf coalition is that you have to try so hard to get at the truth of the conflict, at what is really going on; it's so obscured by their propaganda and relentless militarism.' Haiti girl rescued after 15 days. I can't even go without reddit for 15 hours... Watch all of Democracy Now!'s excellent reports from Haiti. See what the main stream media isn't showing you. b'Agriculture in much of India is dying. The village economy is in crisis, assailed by migration to the cities, decades of ecological neglect, and the growing unsustainability of farming. According to a recent report, almost 200,000 farmers committed suicide between 1997 and 2009.' b'Street vendors openly sell U.S.donated rice by the cupful from bags marked not for resale.' Two former prisoners of Auschwitz are suing the  Bush family for their part in Hitler's rise to power Israel Defence Minister says the conflict with Palestinians poses a greater threat to Israel than Iran's nuclear program b'The construction of a museum of tolerance in Jerusalem  on the site of an ancient Arab cemetery  has involved mass exhumations.' b'The way Britain is governed has gone wrong and is in urgent need of reform, a group of former Whitehall chiefs has warned' b'Haiti govt gets only 1 cent of every US aid dollar' North Korea fires artillery towards South for second day in a row. Doesn't this worry anyone? b'Is google back in China? Wait... Goojje?' b'Hans Rosling World development (TED)' b'India plans to launch its first manned space mission in 2016.' UK's migrant workers oppression, Dubai is heaven in comparison but the tabloids are British  HRW claim Hamas 'DID target civilians in Gaza war' b'If I sign then that means I am selling my birthrights away.  Wape said later, the police came with their gun.n' b'Sarkozy US Dollar Should No Longer be Primary Reserve Currency' b'Traffickers targeting Haitis children, human organs, PM says' b'Lowslung teen fad switches to armpit huggers by fifth decade' b'Egypt's poor turn to booze  Bouza is cheap and nasty, but popular alcohol frowned upon by the authorities' Hamas accepts Israel's right to exist b'Out of the utter horror of Haiti, comes a picture of incredible joy  arguably one of the best pictures of all time' b'China has no troops outside its borders; Russia has a small handful in its former territories in Abkhazia, Armenia, South Ossetia and Transdniester. The U.S. has hundreds of thousands of troops stationed in six continents.n' Chavez says US 'weapon' caused Haiti quake b'NZ army to remove Bible citations from armaments  they are inappropriate and could stoke religious tensions, New Zealand said Thursday' b'We cheer when a Haitian child is rescued from the rubble, but ignore the thousands of Gazan children who are suffering malnutrition and being buried by Israeli policy' b'Russias central bank started buying Canadian dollars in a sign of increased diversification of assets away from the US dollar' b'Overweight passengers who cannot squeeze into a single plane seat are to be charged double to fly with Air France' Hamas senior representative has accepted Israel's right to exist and would be prepared to nullify its charter, which calls for the destruction of Israel, b'USAF Airman 1st Class Perry Aston took this aerial shot of vitally important, very busy Toussaint Louverture International Airport from a USAF OC135B Open Skies Observation Aircraft flying 15,000 feet above Haiti on 16 January 2010. [PIC]' Former Malaysian PM Says 9/11 Staged for 'Attacking Muslims'... b'Israel moves to launch university in West Bank settlement' b'Haiti boy, 5, survives nearly 8 days under rubble' Surgeon seeks to prevent 'unnecessary amputations' in Haiti's earthquake zone Husband Strangles Mother of Five for 'Becoming Australian'... Europe's airport security dilemma  It's up in the air whether European airports will have body scanners China says its economy expanded by 8.7% in 2009, exceeding even the government's own initial expectations. b'How often has the U.S. and NATO killed the Taliban in groups of 30 during 2009? The answer may surprise you' b'Amy Goodman reporting from Port au Prince and interviewing Dr Evan Lyon of Partners in Health. Great on the ground reporting.' b'Under various pretexts, abusive governments are attacking the very foundations of the human rights movement.  HRW World Report 2010' b'NATO military chief seeks to strengthen ties with Russia in war with Afghanistan' Geert Wilders 'I want Muslim fanatic to speak in my defence' b'UK MPs kicked out of ACTA talks. ' b'Russia Journalist dies after police beating' b'By failing to see beyond Chavez, one of the most significant dynamics ignored. Venezuelans have taken over factories; occupied urban, rural lands; launched radio, television stations; built centers for culture, popular education. Often in ways that go beyond expectations of government'