 b'Israel admits using white phosphorus Punishes top officials on attack in a UN compound' b'Terry Pratchett ready to be test case for suicide law' BBC Panorama  A Walk In The Park was left out of the US media. Shocking, I know. It also can't be viewed on BBC's website from the US. If Italy gets stuck with recent fertility levels, and fails to top up with foreign migrants, it will lose 86% of its population by the end of the century, falling to 8 million compared with today's 56 million. Spain will lose 85%, Germany 83% and Greece 74%. b'Plan to oust Saddam drawn up two years before  the invasion' Chinese reactions to USA's arms sales to Taiwan (in translation from Chinese web forums) Haitian PM Arrested US Baptists are 'kidnappers' b'Israel admits white phosphorus use  reprimands top officers' Wow, what a great university 30% of ADMITTED  students can't pass an English proficiency exam at  the minimum level b'Here in Italy, this is the iPhone TOP TEN apps. Yes, a lot of people around here are buying that one.' Ahmadinejad 'Iran will deliver telling blow to global powers on Feb. 11'  As food distribution improves, Haitians want U.S to 'take over'. Wells Fargo's Awesome Refusal to Waive Haiti Donation Fees Goalposts of Greed Moved Back b'Iraq to sue US, Britain over use of 2,000 tonnes of depleted uranium in bombs' Alarm at Mumbai's teenage suicide trend Woman forced into hiding by Britain's worst stalker attacks police failures Idahoans' rescue effort strikes nerves in Haiti An orphanage says some supposed orphans had families, who had been told their children were going on holiday. b'Israel closes probe of shooting of US protester  No crime  Big surprise' b'Japanese protest US military presence nActivists gather in Tokyo to protest Marine base on Okinawa.' Leaked climate change emails scientist 'hid' data flaws  Key study by professor Phil Jones was based on suspect figures b'Spanish judge to probe Guantanamo torture claims.' The 'explosive admission' in Israel's Gaza report b'10 US Baptists detained trying to take 33 children from quake zone across border' b'China targeting Sikorsky, LockheedMartin, Raytheon and Boeing in US arms deal sanctions' b'At least 41 people have been killed and 106 injured by a female suicide bomber in northeast Baghdad' b'Game Changer China Plans to Open Military Bases Worldwide  It has been speculated upon in opensource intelligence circles for years. So, there is little surprise for the rest of the world when it hears of Chinas first major foray in its new role as a Superpower.' Orphaned, Raped and Ignored Congo's forgotten war, possibly the most lethal conflict since World War II there are things which we just don't face in our society, things we're not willing to talk about. With respect to Afghanistan, one of the things that we don't want to face and talk about is the presence of drug trafficking in the plans of the CIA for controlling remote areas of this world. b'Thousands protest in Tokyo against U.S. military presence in Japan' b'China threatens sanctions over $6 billion US arms sale to Taiwan' b'Israel poisoned Hamas leader' b'Firefighters clash with police in Northern Spain during a protest against privatization of the emergency services' b'Gunmen murder a dozen teens, 2 adults, injure many more at house party in Mexico. The men drove up in four SUVs, went into the house and shot at everyone' Israel's remarkable new steps to solve its organ shortage b'Haitian police have arrested 10 United States citizens caught trying to take 33 children out of the earthquakestricken country in a suspected illicit adoption scheme, authorities say.' b'Switzerland to hold referendum on whether animals are entitled to lawyers to protect them from abuse.' b'Petition to bring Tony Blair to trial for war crimes' b'Reddit worldnews, I am shocked at what the comments on the post about Bill Moyers revealed today.' b'Last reel for Miramax as Disney closes studio' Japan's whalers are at sea again, harvesting meat that few will eat  b'Ed Miliband declares war on climate change skeptics' b'If someone was a suspect in a murder in a first world country one would expect the suspect to be given a fair trial, in a country with no modern justice system one would expect the suspect to be killed by thugs. In Israel the thugs wear uniforms and work for the government.' b'Israel denies Gaza war crimes in report to UN, but refuses an independent investigation. I wonder why ?' b'Russia to sell almost 2 billion in arms to Libya.' The rise of 'the African Taliban' b'I would simply like Tony Blair to look me in the eye and say he was sorry. Instead, he is in there smirking.  Theresea Evans of North Wales, whose 24yearold son, Llywelyn, was killed in Iraq.' In Iran, a few shadowy men guarantee the regime's increasingly shaky grip on power. Will they stay loyal? b'UN climate change panel based claims on student dissertation and magazine article   Telegraph' b'Local police hold 10 Americans, including a pastor suspected of trafficking Haitian children ' b'Moscow police break up antiKremlin protest' Libya Calls Immediate Ceasefire Power cable reaches Japan nuclear plant Gaddafi is a liar and ceasefire a sham as Misurata attacked GOOD NEWS FROM JAPAN Tokyo Electric Power Co has connected the external transmission line with the stricken Daiichi nuclear power plant and confirmed that electricity can be supplied At least 5 of the 50 'heroes' working at the japanese reactors are already dead, with half the others seriously injured... Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah attempts to prevent protests, gives $66.7 billion to build 500,000 housing units and $4.3 billion for more hospitals; also gives another two months' wages for all govt workers and two extra payments for university students, raises minimum wage, gives more to unemployed Sandra Bullock donates $1 million for Japan relief UN passes resolution for intervention in Libya. 10 in favor, none against, five abstain. Japan One week later [pics] Resilient Japan An 8.9 earthquake, a 33foot tsunami, crises at their battered nuclear plants  the people of Japan have withstood the last week with admirable tenacity 
The Saudi King Just Unveiled A Big List Of Bribes So That His Citizens Don't Revolt Bahrain police shooting at independent cameraman filming Japanese workers successfully connect power cable to crippled reactor Fukushima nuclear alert level raised to 5 Wall Street Journal Egypt is arming Libya rebels China shutters 130,000 Internet cafes as part of its ongoing efforts to control how citizens access the Internet and what content will be available to them. Prime Minister David Cameron has announced that British Tornado and Typhoon aircraft are being deployed immediately to enforce a United Nations nofly zone in Libya. Gaddafi's forces still shelling cities. 'Ceasefire' seems to be only words.. Japan crisis is much worse than Three Mile Island  U.S. Drone Attacks Resume in Pakistan After Acquittal of CIA Operative Raymond Davis for DoubleMurder. This is like something out of really bad movie. Military strikes on Libya within hours France Syria is Officially in full Revolution mode  March 18  The regime most capable of matching Gdog's brutality Driver videos the moment the Tsunami engulfed his car  Tokyo passengers set off radiation detectors at OHare Gaddafi says he will retaliate against foreign military intervention with attacks on passenger airplanes Lest We Forget  From rooftops, snipers kill 46 Yemeni protesters today. Bahrain Police Killing People by Drive by Shootings

 Alright, I think this may be the last of the Japan tsunami videos but it's by far the most horrifying and indicative of the devastation French fighter jets deployed over Libya French plane has fired the first live fire shots in Libya, targetting a vehicle at 1645GMT North Waziristan tribes declare war against US! Egyptians free voting for the first time in decades. Tragedy in Berlin Zoo Celebrity Polar Bear Knut Is Dead Gaddafi's letters to Obama and the UN. In case you didn't think he was on crack. Gaddafi ends cease fire Attacks power station in Benghazi, proGaddafi forces made several incursions into the city center prompting clashes with rebels Going Down In Flames Over Benghazi, Libya. Photographer Patrick Baz Libya French military jets on 'reconnaissance' French military jets on reconnaissance missions have flown over all Libyan territory on Saturday, French military sources say. Nerve Gas Used against Protesters in Bahrain French warplanes destroy four tanks used by Gaddafi forces Crowd hurls rocks at Egyptian presidential hopeful Mohammad ElBaradei, preventing him from voting  A crowd of angry men pelted the Egyptian reform campaigner and Nobel laureate with rocks and smashed his car windows outside a polling center. Fighter jet 'shot down' over Benghazi (footage) Sarkozy shouts at EU foreign minister, had to be 
restrained by Cameron. Gaddafi has lost all legitimacy. He cannot stay in power in Libya. Whatever happens, he has to go, 
 UN chief Ban Kimoon France takes action against Libya Tibet's Quiet Revolution  
Dalai Lama's retirement from politics opens up diaspora leadership succession to younger, secular candidates. Aim is to make the government in exile more democratic, selfsufficientand capable of surviving Dalai Lama's death French Mirage and Rafele fighters seen over Benghazi. ProGadaffi tanks are the likely target. Yemen's USbacked leader fails to stop uprising 'Witnesses said protesters chased security authorities out of the city of Dar Saad and were now in control.' AntiGovernment Protesters Run Off Bahrain Police  Newspaper banned by Mugabe is back on sale Japan delayed its response to the nuclear crisis over concerns about damaging the power station assets unnecessarily b'Kuwaiti women will be able to obtain their own passport without the consent of their husbands' b'Tony Blair heckled in Hebron You are a terrorist' b'As the founder of Human Rights Watch, its active chairman for 20 years and now founding chairman emeritus, I must do something that I never anticipated I must publicly join the groups critics.' b'UN puts Iran deal on the table Exporting uranium has been seen as a way for Iran to get the fuel it needs, while giving guarantees to the West that it will not be used for nuclear weapons.' b'White South African farmers have gained access to 200,000 hectares of state land in the Congo Republic, as part of a deal designed to improve food production in the povertystricken central African state' Holy Shit Yemen could become first nation to run out of water... And it's likely due to the inhabitants' strong addiction to a drug. b'I did not anticipate that the IDF would have  targeted the economic infrastructure of Gaza  including its agricultural lands, industrial factories,  water supply and sanitation works. These are not  military targets. ' b'Diplomats from Iran, the U.S., Russia and France agreed Wednesday to a draft proposal that would see Iran ship about 75 percent of its enriched uranium to Russia by the end of this year.' b'Australian Government to allow hunting of native animals (kangaroos, cockatoos etc.) in National Parks in sleazy deal with Shooters Party.' Mentally ill Briton 'could be executed within days' b'Calls for nuclear weapons in South Korea' b'The women of Kuwait can now travel with their passport without their husbands permission' b'Father accused of abducting fugitive man convicted of killing his daughter' b'Karzai, dignitaries announce runoff  Two months after Afghanistans flawed presidential elections, the stalemate is over' b'The mother of an alleged schoolgirl honour killing victim wept today as she described finding her tied up the day before she was said to have been murdered. ' UK Govt's CO2 Climate Change Ad 'Bedtime Story' Prompts Viewer Complaints The latest target of Cuba's totalitarian government is Yoani Snchez, a 34yearold Cuban blogger. Last week, she became the first blogger to win a Maria Moors Cabot Prize given by Columbia University for journalism, but the Cuban government wouldn't let her out of the country to accept the award. b'These dramatic videos, released today by the Ontario Superior court, tell the tale of an alQaeda inspired cell of homegrown Canadian terrorists.' b'ExIDF chief's widow rejects naming East Jerusalem street after him,I don't think this is a street that belongs to us. I don't think we need to be there ...' Denmark Approves Russian Baltic Pipeline  Eastern Europe Fears Of It's Use As A Political Weapon b'People living in a shanty town in the Algerian capital have clashed with police for a second night in a row over housing conditions. Some young boys spend all the night outside taking drugs so that their brothers and sisters can sleep. We will not stop the riot.' b'Maoist brutality continues in Jharkhand' b'Iran ignored appeals by Hillary Rodham Clinton and even rock star Sting and sentenced an IranianAmerican academic to 12 years in prison for protesting' b'Shocking Report Livestock Emissions Grossly Underestimated recent analysis...finds that livestock and their byproducts actually account for at least 32.6 billion tons of carbon dioxide per year, or 51 percent of annual worldwide GHG emissions 51%!!' b'Poland signs up to new US shield  Polish Prime Minister has declared his country ready to take part in a revised US missile defence plan.' b'Now charlatans will know to beware the geeks ' b'Priest says he was bullied into taking fall for Pope in abuse scandal' b'Charlie Brooker David Cameron is like a hollow Easter egg, with no bag of sweets inside. He's nothing. He's no one.' b'CNN cannot grasp the concept of working remotely.  Stranded PM runs Norway remotely' b'Air chaos to last weeks as even more volcanic ash belches out' b'Goldman Sachs to announce $4bn profit row (50%+ y/y) on the back of the strength in its fixed income division, the very division which the fraud charges stem from' Cuba's most famous cigar maker, Alejandro Robaina, has died aged 91. b'Ahmadinejad calls for U.S. to destroy its nuclear arsenal first' b'Christopher Hitchens rereads Animal Farm | Brilliant throughout. Commentary on the text well worth reading why is there no Leninpig? But the second half of the piece, history of the book immediately after publication, is the mustread' b'EU test flights to assess impact of volcanic ash on aircraft' The image Microsoft doesn't want you to see Too tired to stay awake, the Chinese workers earning just 34p an hour b'The volcanic ash hanging over Europe has mushroomed into a dark 1.5 billion dollar cloud over the airlines and other travel industry sectors, with no hope of a silver lining, analysts warned.n' b'New Canadian studies suggest seasonal flu shot increased H1N1 risk' b'Finnish fighter jets damaged by volcanic cloud' b'Aussie government cans Human Rights Act as election looms' b'Venezuela Secures $20 Billion Loan From China, Chavez Says' b'Ash cloud will last for another week Now layer of fine dust is settling on top of the ash cloud and volcano is still erupting  (excellent pics) ' b'  Air traffic disruption countrybycountry  ' b'Volcano chaos could continue for months    nThe Icelandic volcano causing travel chaos across Europe could go on erupting for months, geologists have warned.' Brazil's Chamber of Deputies approves bill granting access to public information b'Europe cut off from the UK. Gordon Brown calls meeting. ' b'Brazil secures Chinese pledge for heavy investment' So it's shagging that has brought all this disaster. Those dang Icelandics must be a frisky little lot then? b'FBI agent dismisses CIA spys claim of Iran ties to Pan Am 103 bomb' b'European airlines on Sunday stepped up pressure to reopen the skies by carrying out passengerfree test flights despite the layer of volcanic ash that kept most planes across the continent grounded for a fourth day. (Glad I'm not one of the crew members)' b'Irish Government in secret talks about internet censorship' Nick Clegg's rise could lock Rupert Murdoch and the media elite out of UK politics  b'Millions stolen from Iraq rebuilding Special task force is analyzing every transaction and person connected to Iraq reconstruction funding in order to hold people accountable' b' two girls living in Northern Ireland have been made the subject of a court order to stop them being forced into marriage in Pakistan' b'Dramatic footage of ash and lightning above Iceland volcano' b'Forget Eyjafjallajokull, Mt. Katla Is Now Getting Ready To Rumble' $2 billion windenergy project in Romania, largest in world, 5x larger than Europe's current largest, 3x proposed offshore Massachusetts project b'Iceland volcano causes fall in carbon emissions as eruption grounds aircraft' b'Tibetans need your help in the wake of the recent earthquake, over 100,000 are homeless.' b'Palestinian state certain  Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak says Israel must eventually give Palestinians their independence.' b'TOKYO  Thousands of people rallied on a remote Japanese island Sunday, protesting against a possible government move to relocate a major U.S. air base there.' b'Lesbian couple becomes first same sex couple to sign joint birth certificate' b'The Israeli Embassy reopened in Wellington, New Zealand, today, after an eightyear absence. Apparently the relationship was screwed after two reported Mossad agents were caught and jailed for trying to illegally obtain New Zealand passports in 2004, while 2 others escaped.' b'Military Increasingly Convinced of N.Korean Sub Attack' BBC News  Nick Clegg brands Labour and Conservatives 'desperate' Britain 'handed over prisoners in Afghanistan to be tortured' b'Saudi poachers boast of killing endangered animals in YouTube video' Afghan children are dying The government told them it was finally safe to come back  even built them a clinic, a school, a playground. But what good's a playground when you have nothing to eat? b'Defense Minister Ehud Barak said there is no reason for a war to break out this summer Israel must allow the Palestinians to rule themselves' b'Melbourne Gangland killer Carl Williams, beaten to death in prison.' India's unease about strategic power, and its resemblance to a gigantic European Union united only by the English language, reflects its ongoing search for a new international identity. In this quest, India is impaired by its lack of practice in the exercise of power on a grand scale. b'Should Pope Benedict step down? The case against him for collusion in child sexabuse is much stronger than the case against a number of Irish bishops who have been forced to resign.' b'Catholic Church in Worst Credibility Crisis Since Reformation, Theologian Tells Bishops' b'The economic impact of the Iceland volcano cloud European countries wouldn't get any growth this year' b'Yemeni lawmaker Banning child marriage unIslamic, part of Western agenda; also imagine a young man of 13 or 14 years of age who wants to have sex.  This is a violation of his rights.' b'The story BCG offered me $16,000 not to tell  With a diligent enough effort, one can morally justify nearly anything.' b'Dawkins comments on Times article I did NOT say 'I will arrest Pope Benedict XVI or anything so personally grandiloquent ... The Sunday Times is a Murdoch newspaper'.' b'The Vatican finally decides that bishops and other highranking clerics should report such crimes to police , but only if required by law. The remains of anything humane has finally bled out of the Vatican.' b'The man behind Wikileaks We have had to spread assets, encrypt everything, and move telecommunications and people around the world to activate protective laws in different national jurisdictions' b'Ahmadinejad urges UN chief Ban Kimoon to launch an investigation into the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States' b'Hamas is forcing other Gaza Palestinian factions to guarantee they do not launch rockets or mortar bombs at Israel' b'What is a Zimbawe Prison like.' Bishop 'blames Jews' for criticism of Catholic church record on abuse. I want a ringside seat! Vatican forgives Beatles for 'Satanic' messages, rather than focus on the international abuse scandal b'Blast rocks MI5 office near Belfast' b'Priest accused of child porn possession' b'Fr. Maciel was the greatest fundraiser of the modern Roman Catholic church. Behind that exalted faade, however, Maciel was a notorious pedophile, and a man who fathered several children by different women!' b'2010 Pulitzer Prize winners' Russian leader gently snubs Bush 'Obama is a thinker' b'Poland Mourns [pics]' b'Tasmanian Hookers Learn Tough Side Of SupplyAndDemand Economics.' b'Afghan Civilians Attacked By NATO Troops Four Killed, 18 Wounded In Kandahar' Digital Economy Act likely to increase households targeted for piracy Fears increase that law firms may hone in on innocent web users who don't illegally download b'Obama is a great guy to deal with  Medvedev' b'Riots on the streets of Bangkok  25 dead' b'Graffiti rules !  The government of Venezuela is increasingly making street art a central element of its promotion of a state ideology.' Conviction a nurse for patients' deaths does not add up Imagine I am firing a thousand machinegun bullets into the side of a barn. I remove my blindfold, find three bullets very close together and paint a target around them. Then I announce that I am an Olympic standard rifleman. b'Today the Icelandic nation gets a first hand look into the reasons why the economic collapse was so bad here....' BBC News  Apollo 13 Nasa's finest hour? b'Top antiracism judge shot dead in Moscow' b'Immersion in propaganda how North Koreans see themselves' b'Israel Celebrates Holocaust Irony Week  A Day after Israel stops to remember the holocaust, they implement a law that allows Israel to deport 10s of thousands of Palestinians for not showing their papers, something even Palestinians who were born in the west bank do not have.' b'US Military warns of impending oil shortages.  How many of you are aware that your way of life is soon going to change dramatically and permanently?' b'WikiLeaks plans to post video showing US massacre of Afghani civilians' b'The greatest reason to strike EVER' b'Microsoft allegedly outsourcing child labor in China We are like prisoners... We do not have a life, only work.' The case against Benedict rests on international law's potential to judge all alike. No wonder the powerful are resisting it. b'The Americans are constantly killing our civilians and the government isnnot demanding an explanation. We demand justice from the Karzaingovernment and the punishment of those soldiers responsible.n local resident Mohammad Razaq' b'Cameraman calls Muslim father a fucking terrorist  on national television' Unrest in China's cities  nThe simmering anger of urban China b'Australian state government announces intention to ignore rulings handed down by courts and keep people in prison after their sentences have ended' Mexican cartel sends 'a large number of gunmen' to help another cartel wage war against the Zetas, a gang notorious for beheading their enemies. b'AntiAmerican anger grows in Afghanistan' Smart, experienced observers of the Middle East are talking, and AIPAC isn't going to like it. b'Brazil rejects new Iran sanctions ' b'Canada to send all of its enriched uranium stockpiles to the US' b'Turkey, Brazil Come out against new Iran sanctions at Security Summit' b'Israeli hypocrisy this Holocaust Remembrance Day | Al Jazeera Blogs' b'Israel warns citizens to leave Sinai amid evidence of a Palestinian kidnapping plot' 'Hungary has Turned into a Grubby Hive of Nationalism' b'Glacier breaks in Peru, causing tsunami in Andes' b'WHO Appoints H1N1 CoverUp Committee' Pope's birthplace sprayed with abusive graffiti  ABC News b'Kyrgyz president offers to resign  ' b'The housing bubbles in Miami and Dubai may be followed by China.' b'The AP has obtained a letter penned in 1985 by the future pope, resisting calls to defrock a childmolesting priest because doing so would harm the good of the universal church.' UN urged to accept 'ecocide' as international crime. The proposal would declare mass destruction of ecosystems a crime on a par with genocide b'Colombia jails pedophile Catholic priest' b'Oil found on the coast of Ireland that could supply them for 12 years' b'The guy who was driven over in the wikileaks video was still alive when they cut his body in two parts. I hope all of you who condoned the behavior of these retards feel ashamed.' b'Cartoon of priest fellating Christ on the cross makes German mag cover' b'Plane crashed with polish President on board' b'The rapid acidification of the oceans directly caused by anthropogenic CO2 is an equal or greater threat to the world than warming, scientific study finds' b'Tragedy in Smolensk  The symbolism of the tragedy to many Poles is almost unbearable.  In 1943 General Sikorski died in a plane crash. Many Poles believe that he was murdered because of his resolute determination to expose the Katyn massacrewhich the Soviet Union blamed on the Germans.' Iceland's new poor line up for food  Kyrgyzstan's head reveals overthrown president left only $80m in the budget b'Photo gallery of Polish politicians who died in plane crash.' b'Thailand Japanese cameraman fatally shot in clashes between troops and Red Shirts' b'A Swedish neoNazi is on trial in Poland for stealing the Arbeit Macht Frei from Auschwitz.  Ironically, he's facing 10 years for the effort.' The Israel Defense Forces' license to kill leaked documents reveal IDF assasinations of Palestinians in defiance of Israeli High Court decision outlawing them b'Another pedophilia scandal rocks Vatican' b'Report in the Lancet says that developing nations slash health funding if sent aid' b'Please Reddit  what is happening in this Mexican narco vid?  Are these officers getting coked up, or a gang?  Need Spanish speaker' b'Spanish judge faces charges for investigating crimes of the fascist regime' b'Death toll from contagious disease in China doubles' b'Some security personnel were seen throwing downntheir shields and riot gear and shaking hands withnthe protesters' b'Probably the worst strike in the world  Carlsberg workers protest free beer at work ban' b'Pope Benedict accused of delaying unfrocking of sex abuse priest' b'Vatican defends Pope in paedophile letter row' China's March deficit shows currency not cause of trade imbalance spokesman b'Muslim staff escape NHS hospital hygiene rule' b'UN judge calls for prosecution of Pope Benedict' b'New Research Sheds Light on Soviet Plans for World War III  The significance of a massive Communistera bunker in the former East Germany. Was it to be used as a command post in the event of a Soviet invasion of Western Europe? Europe was closer to the nuclear abyss than was previously believed.' b'Even in death, African gays are still abused' b'I Was Hacked in Beijing  most foreign journalists have come to assume our phone conversations are monitored. We have learned to remove our cellphone SIM cards when meeting dissidents. At the office, we often reflexively lower our voices when discussing politically sensitive topics.' 'Cure' is found for skin cancer, claim scientists Turkey says that the world is turning a blind eye to Israel's nuclear weapons b'Road rage against selfdeclared VIP in Moscow ' b'South Korea enforces first ban on abortions' b'Australia to prosecute over Barrier Reef ship crash' b'Richard Dawkins Ratzinger ... should remain in charge of the whole rotten edifice  the whole profiteering, womanfearing, guiltgorging, truthhating, childraping institution  while it tumbles ... about his ears.' b'Vladimer Putin expresses his deep feelings about the Polish tragedy.' 'Devil horns' grandmother now quite enjoying her horns b'Pakistan May Have Secretly Freed Captured Taliban Leaders' b'19 dead, over 800 injured as protesters and military units clashed in Thailand' b'IDF order will enable mass deportation from West Bank   Haaretz' b'Apartheid in Israel tens of thousands of Palestinians to be evicted from the occupied West Bank' b'How Ironical...  Viva Palestine Hero beaten by....  They called me a filthy Kaffir said Galloway, and shouted that no one should shake the 'filthy Kaffir's hand' .  ' Israel's military has issued new orders that could lead to the expulsion of tens of thousands of Palestinians from the West Bank. b'Eugenics  the newest American export' b'Royal maids are up in arms after being roped in to work evenings, on top of their day jobs, for no extra pay.' b'Israeli nuclear arsenal 100 to 300 warheads, almost equal to Britain' b'The Chinese government increasingly employs people to peddle its views online' b'Wikileaks on US massacre fear CIA stalkers' b' Slum disappears in Rio mudslide; 200 feared dead' Iceland's disruptive volcano  The Big Picture b'Ultimate infographic about the volcano  it has maps, stats, jet engine schematics, volcano crosssection, mount everest, ozone layer, ...' b'Netanyahu's nephew Israel is collectively punishing more than 1.5 million Palestinians by sealing them off in the largest openair prison on earth.' b'We have a small problem. All four engines have stoppedtrue British stiff upper lip' b'Sheikh to Terrorists Go to Hell' b'Rape on the rise in Cambodia Victims of rape suffer from stigma while perpetrators are rarely held accountable.' 'Safer' not to defrock paedophile priests, says Catholic Church official b'IDF soldiers have been printing shirts bragging about shooting pregnant women and rape. IDF higher ups are pissed off but not at the soldiers for wearing them but at the shop for printing the shirts' b'A man who repeatedly disturbed his neighbours by  shouting at political programmes on his television  has been jailed for 16 weeks.' b'Stranded in Oslo, John Cleese takes taxi to Brussels for $5400  class.' b'The U.N. slams a deliberate failure to adequately probe the Benazir Bhutto assassination in Pakistan.' b'Digital Economy Act This means war. Cory Doctorow explains how banking surveillance, control and censorship into the very fabric of our networks, devices and laws is the absolute road to dictatorial hell' b'Afghan police marksmanship with their AK47s has always been poor  because U.S. contractors failed to train them how to adjust their sights' b'Animated ash plume model predictions from the Norwegian Meteorological Institute, through to Saturday 17th April 2010, 0200' b'75% chance that 'Monster volcano' awakens  Dagbladet.no via google translate' b'In third incident this week, Israeli settlers torch two more Palestinian vehicles.  This time they left behind the words in spraypainted graffiti Thank you God, for not making me a Gentile.' Three men have been jailed in China's Fujian province after posting material online on behalf of a woman trying to investigate her daughter's death. US Fizzes As Bolivia Produces The Real Thing  [The new Bolivian soft drink] is made from the coca leaf, a mild stimulant that wards off fatigue and hunger...Coca is also the raw ingredient of cocaine, the narcotic that is the primary target of the USled ''war on drugs.'' b'Israel Still Not Prepared to Join Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty' b'Death toll tops 1,100 in China quake' b'Pope breaks his silence on child abuse, urges Christians to repent while complaining that people are picking on the church  victims groups all dismissed his comments' b'Bhutto assassination could have been prevented, says UN report' b'Black Box from Polish jet suggests possible mistakes before the crash.' b'U.S. doubles special forces in Afghanistan' How China's unfair currency policies are exporting unemployment all over the world  and why baby steps won't solve the problem. b'U.S. Accuses Goldman Sachs of Fraud' b'That bloody volcano has trapped Sir David Attenborough  in the Arctic circle. At the age of 83 is assuredly the most  awesome person of our lifetime.' b'Extramarital sex fuels earthquakes Senior Iran cleric' b'It is now illegal to possess nonphotographic visual depictions of child sexual abuse in England and Wales. ' The Vatican's secondhighest authority says sex scandals haunting the Roman Catholic Church are linked to homosexuality and not celibacy among priests b'Bombers dressed in burkas kill 41 in Pakistan' b'Planes or Volcano?.... Information Is Beautiful' Benazir Bhutto 'left to mercy of assassins by security chief' b'Judge may be kept from his grandsons bar mitzvah for authoring UN report critical of Israel (and Hamas.)' While we are on the topic, let's not forget this. b'Israel seizes 4 water pumps in Jordan Valley' b'Gen McChrystal No Proof Iran Sending Fighters or Weapons to Afghanistan' b'270 Palestinians kids under the age of 18, are currently held in Israeli prisons ' b'The next Olympics could possibly be fucked ' b'Experts No end to volcano ash in sight' b'Live feed from the Eyjafjallajkull eruption in Iceland.' China's grim irony The huge magnitude of Maos crimes is sometimes cited as a reason for forgetting those crimes. If this society ever allowed itself to talk about who suffered what and who did whatit would open itself to an explosion of recrimination and revenge Brothers in Arms Israel's relationship with apartheid South Africa Bubble Jet from Torpedo 'Likely' Cause of South Korean Shipwreck President of Iran calls on UN Sec'y Gen'l to investigate 9/11 and the resulting invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan. b'Get ready for decades of Icelandic fireworks' Benazir Bhutto's murder mystery  nA UN report on the killing of Benazir Bhutto makes awkward reading for Pakistans army b'Airport Crisis Spreads as Ash Moves East' b'AN OPEN LETTER OF RECONCILIATION & RESPONSIBILITY TO THE IRAQI PEOPLE  From Current and Former Members of the U.S. Military  We write to you, your family, and your community with awareness that our words and actions can never restore your losses...' b'Iran to open nuclear summit' b'Australia is Piiiiiiiissed  Arrests Crew Members of Chinese Coal Ship that trashed the Great Barrier Reef' b'My friend, Aamir, 17, was murdered in Cardiff on Sunday. [news link]' Scientists say they have found clear proof that meat from whales captured under Japan's whaling programme is being sold in US and Korean eateries. Antirape condom ready for SA World Cup  The RapeaXe, as it is called, is a condom women can insert themselves. The interior has tiny spines which, in case of rape, attach to the man's penis. b'Israeli settlers attacked a Palestinian village yesterday in the middle of the night.  Mosque was ransacked, 300 olive trees are uprooted (which serve as income for farmers), 2 cars were set ablaze and racist slogans were spraypainted in Hebrew around town.' b'Not all sex workers are victims (UK) We are facing not a feminist measure, but an ideology that sees women as unable to be sexually independent and free of their own actions. ' Japan annual whale hunt 'halved by activists' Clashes at sea between Sea Shepherd and the whaling ships paralysed the hunt for days  b'6.9magnitude earthquake hit western China ' b'A volcano erupts under a glacier in Iceland. Hundreds evacuated.' b'Vatican comment draws gay anger' Cleric's support for men and women mingling in public sparks furor in Saudi Arabia Sheikh Ahmed alGhamdi recently declared that nothing in Islam bans men and women from mixing in public places like schools and offices. b'Polish crash site in Russia [Vid]' b'Israel confiscates ALL visiting iPads' b'Millions of cellphones offline in Mexico' b'Terrible earthquake kills hundreds in China  7.1 magnitude quake. At least 300 estimated dead' Stern, serious, socialist North Korea has carved out a spot in TV history for having one of the world's longest running comedy shows, despite it being mostly devoid of jokes for the decades it has been on the air. b'Iraq Vets Coverage of Atrocities Is Too Little, Too Late' Stephen Colbert's surprisinglyfrank interview with Wikileaks' Editor/CoFounder Julian Assange. b'Islamic extremists threaten Somali radio stations over unIslamic music, make most of them broadcast animal, ocean and gunfire noises' b'6.9 earthquake near China/India border. Another correct prediction.' b'Quake kills 67 people in remote Chinese Qinghai region ' b' row about how to name the Israelioccupied Palestinian territories has scuppered a 43nation scheme for managing Mediterranean water resources.' b'A US priest has urged Pope Benedict XVI to step down' b'Vatican reacts to gay abuse claim' b'China shows of its Shock and Awe Fighter Jets' b'After finding two groups of males the force  executed all of them using silenced weapons.  Unfortunately, it appears that the Special Ops team had not entered the sleeping quarters of an IED cell, but the dormitory of a private school for boys.n' b'All London flights grounded as volcanic ash from Iceland closes UK airports' Zionists groups have banned Justice Richard Goldstone from his own grandson's bar mitzvah as punishment for his role in the UN fact finding mission that found evidence of Israeli and Hamas war crimes. b'From a Veteran to the Freedom Fighter Who Shot Me' b'This is why your UK flight has been cancelled. Volcanic ash spreading above the UK and Nordic areas. [PIC]' H(.)(.)ters in China The massive contradictions that are busting out in a sexually repressed society... they're just huge. b'Russia shuts plutonium arms plant  The closure of the reactor came after Mr Obama and Mr Medvedev signed a nuclear disarmament treaty, described by both sides as a major step towards improving strained USRussian relations. ' b'Legalize It 22,000 Dead in 3year Mexican Drug War ' b'There he was, five decades later, the priest who had raped Joe Callander in Massachusetts. The photo in the Roman Catholic newsletter showed him with a smile across his wrinkled face, nearnaked Amazon Indian children in his arms and at his feet.' b'US adoptions of Russian children have been halted, a week after a Russian boy was rejected by his adoptive mother in the American state of Tennessee.' b'Sixfigure salaries the norm at top charities ' b'So UK redditers who do you think won the first election debate? ' b'Australia faces huge locust plague' b'The Digital Economy Bill has betrayed the young  Positive engagement with the digital generation  interests the political classes only when they want  something from us' Gay outrage over cardinal's child abuse comment b'Africans combine Islam, Christianity and paganism without batting an eye.' b'Volcano ash alert hits UK flights (TIL there's a Volcanic Ash Advisory Centre)' b'Charity that sued UK Ministry of Defence has named two men who ended up in the infamous dark prison at Bagram in Afghanistan after being handed to US forces by members of the SAS' b'Goldstone banned by SA Zionists' Syria Israel's Scud accusation may be pretense for attack b'Desperate battle to shore up Chinese quake dam' Russian security forces release hitlist of 'black widow terrorists' b'A Catholic priest is one of eight men police arrested during a prostitution sting.' b'Russia suspends U.S. adoptions' b'A huge ash cloud is moving over the UK   90% of flights cancelled!' b'Russian Lawyer Who Defended Journalists Is Poisoned In France' b'Daughter of Mossad chief sent to military prison for refusing to enlist. Stay classy, Israel!' b'US Surrenders Power to Appoint World Bank President ' b'India gets a new view of US Collection agents at call centers hear tales of woe from a land whose lifestyles they once idealized.' b'I was tortured and sentenced to death in Saudi Arabia. As a westerner, I was eventually released, but others are not so lucky' Redditors in Canada don't forget to get out and vote today! b'FriendlyFire Cover Up Revealed by New Video' Farrakhan To Announce 'A New Beginning' Oct. 19th  Nation of Islam leader to make major statement at mosque dedication How Did GOP Get $8 Million from Wachovia?  (Was It Before or After They Were 'Bailed Out?'... If That Even Matters) b'N. Korea defectors drop leaflets condemning leader ' b'Protests in London Against the Financial Bailout Plan for Banks (videos)' b'Syria, Lebanon establish diplomatic ties' b'PDF Amnesty International reports a sharp increase in beheadings in Saudi Arabia, with migrants and the poor bearing the brunt' b'UK Shariah TV Episode 5 asks How can you be a Muslim in the Land of the Great Satan?' b'Some of my best friends are gay Pete Mullen apologizes and explains his suggestion that homosexuals have sodomy warnings tattooed on their bodies.' b'Unexploded Bombs in Germany The Lethal Legacy of World War II' b'Global Economic Crisis Likely To Have Profound Consequences For US Politics, World Relations' Among the 64 Israelis arrested in the wake of Acre's 4 days of riots, the Arab man who started it all by driving his car during Yom Kippur. b'My eightyearold daughter  who has kidney problems  was dragged by her hair and one man tried to push her through the railings on the windows.' b'Stephen Harper has been a terrible Prime Minister and has run perhaps the poorest campaign, despite his millions, of all the major parties' b'A phototimeline of the Darfur conflict, now in its fifth year, by Doctors Without Borders' b'Bush Blinks on North Korean Nukes. Again.' Who knows what disasters lurk within the world's scattered lands? The Hungarians know. b'Science Based Approach to HIV/AIDS Returns to South Africa' b'UK Church of England Signs Pact With Radical Sunni Sect Responsible for the Taliban, Equates Terrorism With the Excesses of Western Foreign Policy' b'On behalf of the 64% of Canadians who did not vote for our new Conservative government, I apologize for what our country has done.' China will be a democracy by 2020, according to one of the country's most influential reformers.  Iceland Britain's unlikely new enemy b'CFR Member Calls For New Global Monetary Authority' b'How to engineer a financial catastrophe.' b'Suicide spurs bid to regulate the Internet in South Korea' b'Australia Muslim Students Group Outraged After Having to Share Prayer Room With Infidels' b'President of Honduras Calls for Drug Legalization' b'Conservative government reelected, CBC projects' Rabbits Overrun Nelson Mandela's Jail of 18 Years b'Thai and Cambodian soldiers fire bullets and rocketpropelled grenades at one another over disputed border two days after Cambodia warned of potential largescale conflict.' b'CNN Reelection Projected for Canadian PM Stephen Harper' b'Brazil saves penguins. Yay for penguins!' Muslim convert Joseph Thomas took ticket, cash from alQa'ida court Canada's vote against change b'...a Saudi woman initiated a boycott campaign against lingerie stores aiming to put pressure on shop owners to replace salesmen with women.' b'Iceland receiving assistance from Nordic countries | from the hip' b'Supreme Court Rejects Execution Appeal  NYTimes.com' b'I revealed myself to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob as l Shaddi, but was NOT known to them by my name Yahweh.' Italians are up on arms over France's refusal to extradite for trial Marina Petrella, a former member of the communist terrorist group Brigate Rosse. b'UK Says Rich Nations Should Pay Billions Every Year for Rainforest' b'What does the rehabilitation of Bill Ayers tells us about the war on terrorism?' b'Why No Outrage Over Persecuted Hindus? How many millions of Hindus do Muslims have to kill or displace before the world takes notice? ' b'Attack on U.S. Embassy in Yemen Linked to Mossad' French authorities investigate the alleged posioning of a prominent Russian human rights lawyer, raising the spectre of exKGB officer's poisoning two years ago. b'Iceland has food stocks for about 3 to 5 weeks' b'Israeli Bestseller Breaks National Taboo  Dr Shlomo argues that the idea of a Jewish nation is a myth invented little more than a century ago.' b'CNN anchorwoman actually takes on Israeli spokeswoman [VID]' b'Ever wondered what a dead city looks like? Watch this BBC report from inside Mogadishu, Somalia' b'Italian PM Berlusconi wants Russia to join EU ' b'Three months in jail if you have premarital sex in Dubai. You know, that place with the massive architecture everyone thinks is just so cool' b'The Communications Data Bill (2008) will lead to the creation of a single, centralized database containing records of all emails sent, websites visited and mobile phones used by UK citizens.' b'Pinochetera death squad members jailed' European Union to Stick to Tough Climate Targets Despite Poorer Countries' Attempt to Block Moving Forward b'Russia ends decadesold border dispute and gives territory to China ' b'The Queen visits Google' Norway police charge Microsoft's Fast with fraud b'Britain, in alliance with Poland, Sweden and the Baltic States, has narrowly prevented the European Union from reopening trade and aid talks with Moscow' b'Last Titanic survivor, 96, sells mementos to help pay nursing home fees in England' b'Friendly fire in Iraq  and a coverup' b'Iraqi negotiators are reviewing a revised draft of a longdelayed security agreement to govern the conduct of American forces in Iraq, an Iraqi government spokesman announced Wednesday. ' United Nations declare Gaza smuggling 'an industry'  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) b'Five Afghanistan scholars visiting the University of Washington reported missing' b'BBC in its last stages budget cuts will make it increasingly difficult to maintain standards' Intelligence report U.S. antiterror ally Pakistan 'on the edge'  b'Sarkozy Arabic Is the Language of the Future' b'World sharemarkets slump on recession fears' b'Tactical calculations in Afghanistan make nonsense of US and British claims that their civilian victims are accidental 'collateral damage'...' Don't Laugh at the Bear b'U.S. travel alert adds Nogales, Mexico' b'The Other Man On The Podium' b'Dutch nonprofit reproductive health organization sails ship around the world, anchoring in international waters to provide abortions to women in countries where abortion is banned' Grand Ayatollah Issues Decree Calling Muslims to Defend Iraq's Christians b'Marx Das Kapital sales soar among young Germans ' b'A man in England killed his wife because she changed her Facebook relationship status to single' b'Georgia Used Cluster Bombs in August War, Too' b'Arctic Temperatures Break AllTime Recorded High' b'Reddit, please send help, (UK) politicians insane. Apparently not monitoring mobile and web records would be giving a licence to terrorists to kill people' b'Wow. Secret coded messages are being embedded into child pornographic images, and paedophile websites are being exploited as a secure way of passing information between terrorists.' b'England to run out of honey before Christmas after catastrophic honeybee decline ' b' Iran to stop executing youths' b'China watches over internet caf customers in web crackdown ' b'China's media freedoms are reduced. New measures include cameras in internet cafes and pictures taken of all users' b'Bali bombing  new suspects' b'Hindu American Foundation petitions the NY Times to focus as much on the activities of Christian missionaries in India as it does on antiChristian violence.' b'A quick overview of how Islamic terror organizations get their funding.' b'Last Titantic Survivor to Auction Off Mementos to Pay for Nursing Home  We can do better!' b'Hungary Gets $6.7B Loan to Avert Meltdown ' b'Sao Paolo  Hundreds of blackclad military police fired teargas, stun grenades and rubber bullets at striking civilian officers seeking a 15 percent pay raise' b'Austrailian historian arrested for Holocaust denial' b'Defense Secretary Gates said he is prepared for reconciliation with Taliban as part of the political outcome in Afghanistan' b'Is Switzerland the next Iceland?  Switzerland was forced to take emergency measures yesterday to shore up its two biggest lenders to prevent a collapse in confidence in the country's banking system.' b'Police battle police in Sao Paulo' b'25 more civilians killed in NATO air strike in Afghanistan villagers' b'The West Is at a Loss in Afghanistan' b'Icelandic Currency (ISK) loses 73% of its value in a single day. Yesterday, 1 USD = 92 ISK. Today, 1 USD = 418 ISK. ' b'Iceland has gone bankrupt. They are likely going to ask the International Monetary Fund for help and ditch the krona.' b'French President Nicolas Sarkozy Lets put things clearly. There was a Georgian military aggression. That was a mistake. But the Russian armys reaction was disproportionate' b'Nobel peace price for 2008 to Martti Ahtisaari' b'Oops! Jewish People is a Myth, says Jewish Historian ' b'Yom Kippur Jews Riot in Acre Over Arab Driving A Car ' b'Equipped with knives, sticks and clubs, they all had one purpose to do harm to Arabs for being Arabs.' Iran's 'Nuclear Detonators' Are A CIA Fake b'UK accuses Iceland of economic terrorism Seizes assets' b'Asian stock markets prunge over 10 percent on news that the sky is falling' b'Police faced off against hundreds of Jewish rioters chanting death to Arabs and trying to block the city's main thoroughfare' Nature loss 'dwarfs bank crisis' Two of this week's Nobel Prize winners talk about how the destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki changed their lives. b'Banned from Sumo for life for smoking marijuana? Japan even more uptight about pot than US' b'FTSE plunges 440pts in 10 minutes as markets around the world go into freefall again' b'Sources inside the (World ) bank confirm that servers in the institution's highlyrestricted treasury unit were deeply penetrated with spy software last April.' b'Oh My! Whatever Will The Oil Barons & Ministers Do? We need a rally for OPEC!!' b'Meanwhile, shares on the Tehran stock exchange have increased in value by 20% during the year.  (Of course, the majority of their eggs are in the oil basket....)' b'Libya is to withdraw all its assets from Swiss banks, estimated at $7bn' b'Rioting between Jews in Arabs has resumed in Akko after a Yom Kippur filled with violence in the racially mixed city' b'Inflammatory Republican rallies raise concerns' b'Congressional leaders Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi urged President Bush Thursday to call an emergency meeting with the G8 to address international financial instability.' b'Mullah Omar U.S. Should Withdraw Now Or Meet The Same Fate As The Soviets' b'Bulgarian roses will be planted in France' b'Pakistan in crisis on mission for US funding' b'While the world watches the 2008 US elections, Canada fights for its survival. On 14 October 2008 Canada will hold its most important elections since its creation  no hype, no exaggeration.' 'US missile' hits Pakistan town Iceland's Krona Currency Trading Halts  Last trade made at 340 krona per euro  Kaupthing Bank seized by the government b'Breaking The Silence  Truth and Lies in the War on Terror ... ' b'N. Korea off U.S. Terror List   ' b'Israel grants rare entry to cancerstricken Iranian boy ' b'Austrian politician Joerg Haider dies in car accident' Dubai is the 'hole in the net' of sanctions on Iran  b'Water agency kept uranium contamination at desert site Secret !!!' b'World financial crisis leads to auto industry layoffs across Europe' b'Pictured The horrific moment a hot air balloon exploded, leaving one dead and another injured' b'A new dawn for Iran the insolvency of the dollarbased global financial requires a new global settlement  a Bretton Woods II  a new assetbased energy dollar or carbon dollar' b'Hacker quits school to avoid punishment' b'Notes on a Milk Scandal' b'Local Residents in Japanese City Go To Court to Evict Yakuza HQ' b'Austrian farright politician Joerg Haider has been killed in a road accident in the Austrian province of Carinthia. ' b'Morgentaler receives Order of Canada' b'North Korea dropped from terrorism blacklist ' b'NASA presses ahead for Mars rover launch in 2009  Yahoo! News' b'U.S. takes North Korea off terror list' b'World Leaders to Act in Concert to Stem Financial Crisis  News Coverage' A sign on the door leading out of US Marines' Combat Operations Center says Have a Plan to Kill Everyone You Meet! b'Dog dies after saving man in Trinidad from fire  Boston.com' b'Buffett boosts wealth to top Gates on Forbes list ' Parenting You're Doing It Wrong! b'Iranian man awaits execution  for being a Christian' b'Interest in gold means that many of the worlds mints are struggling to keep up' Official 3,000 Christians flee bombings by Islamic extremists in Iraq's Mosul (AP)  The surge has been a success? b'Taliban leader killed by SAS was Pakistan officer' b'Financial crisis Countries at risk of bankruptcy from Pakistan to Baltics ' b'Irans Jews feel very much at home' America's opponents in the Middle East are gloating over the financial meltdown in the US, painting it as divine retribution for past misdeeds against Muslims and the last gasps of a dying empire b'Russia in fresh missile launches' b'Give Me Liberty or Give Me Sex? ' b'Biological warfare US controls bird flu vaccines over bioweapon fears' b'German Bailout Likely to Be Over $400 Billion' b'The well known Israeli drug store chain AMPM fired their CEO after it was made public that he allowed for Jewish security guards to work on Yom Kippur' 1,000 Christian families flee a campaign of liquidation in Iraq's northern city of Mosul Missing Hard Drive Had British Troops' Private Information b'Israeli Jews, Arabs clash in fourth straight night' b'Nobel Peace Prize 2008 goes to Martti Ahtisaari' b'An atheist, is just as STUPID, as a religious person who knows that god TRULY exists.' b'Christians flee Iraqi city after killings, threats, officials say ' b'Brown urges eurozone to copy UK. Because...?' b'In Before Media Watch' b'North Korea will comply with U.S. nuclear inspections, Gets Removed from Terror List' b'Christians flee Iraqi city after killings, threats' b'Flaherty reassures Canada about its economic growth after White House meeting' b'U.S. soldiers explain how they were told to carry drop guns to cover up  murder of Iraqi citizens as  Informal military policy' b'I think youll find more ecological wisdom in our average primary school than youll find round your Cabinet table' b'EU Bans the Incandescent Light Bulb' b'AFP Paul Krugman wins Nobel Economics Prize' b'Europe to U.S. You messed up the rescue, too' b'Hindu Threat to Christians Convert or Flee' b'Europe puts $2.3 trillion on line for banks, almost 3 times the USA bailout' b'Congratulations on your Nobel Prize in Economics Paul Krugman!' When can we get some damn privacy? Governments lose data! Up to 1.7m people's data missing b'AFRICA Sexuallytransmitted grades kills quality education' b'New Beijing Traffic Laws Take 800,000 Cars Off the Road in China' b'A Jamaican lottery scam draws in millions of US dollars every day, providing Jamaican gangs with highcalibre weapons.' b'Terror bill 42day detention rejected' Ringo 'too busy' for autographs b'EU warns youth turn your MP3 players down!' b'For three decades the Free Aceh Movement fought for independence from Indonesia, settling finally for autonomy.  Now its founder, long in exile, comes home.' b' North Korea restores U.N. monitoring of atom sitediplomats' Aids in Africa The power of the pulpit's message b'AskReddit Out of all the significant world events that you have experienced in your lifetime, where would you rank the current financial crisis ? ' b'A different spin on textbook controversy rewriting history in the interest of peace' b'The Soleckshaw, a new solar powered rickshaw, has been unveiled this month in Delhi, and is being touted as a solution to traffic jams, pollution woes, and backbreaking human labor.' Venezuela shuts down McDonald's b'Children of the black dust' b'UK banks receive 37bn bailout' b'Bank shares fall despite bailout' b'Fighting the Financial Crisis Stocks Surge As EU Nations Unveil Bailout Packages' b'EU to ban traditional light bulbs, despite dangers of CFLs to health and the environment' Prepare for 'Important Message', North Korea diplomats have been told. Response to 9/11 was 'huge overreaction'  exMI5 chief b'Their Own Worst Enemy In its quest to become a world power, China faces one big obstacle The sheer stupidity of its leadership' b'Thousands march in Baghdad against U.S. pact' b'Austrian Fascist Spent Final Hours at Gay Nightclub' British couple defends son's Swiss suicide  b'Malaysians warned not to question Islam' b'China to make Olympics press freedoms standard' b'Pakistan charges American with illegal entry and possession of a weapon in Waziristan' b'Here Comes Trouble . . . Muqtada Al Sadr urges followers to reject USIraq pact' b'Thousands of followers of antiAmerican cleric alSadr took to the streets on Saturday in a demonstration against a pact that would allow U.S. forces to stay in Iraq for 3 more years.' b'Austrian RightWinger Was In Gay Bar Before He Died In DUI Crash ' b'The global financial crisis has also started to hit countries once thought to be immune from it, like China, Russia and the Gulf States. ' b'Europe Contemplating A New Financial Order After the Credit Crisis' b'Thousands of Iraqis protest U.S. security pact' b'Russia troops launch Caucasus crackdown after attack' b'If you want to change the world, you have two days left.' b'Nir Rosen How We Lost the War We Won' Checehnya opens Europe's biggest mosque constructed by Turkish builders b'China to help Pakistan build two more nuclear power plants ' b'With the help of an international community, Congo is finally starting to deal with its horrendous rape problem the worst sexual violence in the world. ' b'Rome workers uncover city of dead' b'A Russian military convoy has been attacked by rebels in its volatile southern region of Ingushetia' b'Britain to cut immigration due to weak economy minister' Luc PierreCharles Jr VS James Pieper...His parents found out he had befriended black kids who carry guns at school. He's dead now and Luc PierreCharles isn't getting the Bragging Rights? WTF? b'Japan yesterday ordered retailers to pull frozen beans from China off the shelves after a woman fell ill eating a product which had 34,500 times the legal limit of pesticide' b'Passports will be needed to buy mobile phones  Times Online' b'How We Lost the War We Won A journey into Talibancontrolled Afghanistan (by Nir Rosen)' b'Brazen UK domestic Media Operations policy leaked  Wikileaks' b'New law to allow police to collect DNA in secret ' b'UKCommissioned Report Urges Regulated Market to Replace Cannabis Prohibition' Muslim fanatic prisoners to be 'deprogrammed' in UK using controversial techniques to 'cure' them of beliefs b'Hackers withdraw from Sarkozys bank account ' b'Jewish settlers attack Palestinians during harvest' b'North Korea will make an important announcement on Monday amid speculation over the health of its leader Kim Jong Il' b'NATO warships arrive to deter Somali pirates' b'The Economists Global Electoral College Obama is currently winning 8,897 to 38' b'Jewish Settlers Attack Palestinian Man Taking Photographs of Olive Farmers' b'An 11yo girl was set on fire by a relative in Indias northern city of Jaipur for wearing lipstick and being inappropriately dressed' b'In Iraq, The Doctors Are Out' b'Jamaican police looking for stolen beach' b'Shiite bloc holds off OK to USIraq pact' b'Is Kim Jong Il dead?' b'In a Baghdad District, Scars of Sectarian Violence Run Deep' b'India  Girl set alight for wearing lipstick' b'U.S. Pact Hits Snag as Iraq Shiites Seek Changes' b'Has the EU been watching too much Lou Dobbs?' b'As the Price of Crude Plunges, Venezuela Is Poised to Face a Lot of Pain' b'Accusation Against Writer Reopens Traumas of Czech Past ' b'Young Midland Muslims support suicide bombings new poll reveals' b'The Most Moral Army in the World (TM) shoots peaceful protestor point blank on camera... and they still say the IDF does not intentionally target civilians' b'Web designer opposes France's 3 strikes law, loses job' b'Reward for not shooting rockets Settlement expansions in westbank seeing biggest boost since 2003. ' b'EU lawmakers vote to introduce net neutrality.' b'Canada's Olympic uniforms to be made of seal skin ... Plans to use Vancouver Winter Games to promote seal products' b'Germany to outlaw paintball and lasertag games' b'DNA profiles of innocent to be kept for 12 years despite European ruling  (UK)' b'EU kills 3strikes Internet rule, affirms Internet is a fundamental right' b'Evil megalomaniac Rupert Murdoch will try his hardest to destroy the internet. The current days of the Internet will soon be over' b'Mystery of Brit soldiers on Auschwitz list' 'Troops and rebels clash' in Chad b'Foreign journalists trying to conduct interviews in the Sichuan earthquake zone in western China are being attacked and detained ' b'Pakistan's PM says he has ordered the army to eliminate militants and terrorists, apparently referring to operations against the Taleban' b'Loss of nuclear monopoly  an Israeli nightmare' b'The Italian navy has transferred more than 200 migrants picked up in waters off the island of Malta to Tripoli under a new agreement with Libya.' b'Canada solves Swine Flu  This is a world first and a real validation of Canada's scientific excellence, says Federal Health Minister. Finally, Canada!' b'Bolivias Chacaltaya Glacier, once known as the worlds highest ski run at 17,388 feet, has completely melted away' 'We have never seen so many hungry people in the world', warns U.N. chief b'How pissed would you be if you were shot while protesting air strikes that killed up to 100 civilians?' b'Nato war exercises begin in Georgia amid heightened tension between Moscow and Tbilisi.' b'Rupert Murdoch thinks the future of news websites lies in paid subscriptions' b'Canadian, Belgian astronauts pass final tests for ISS mission' b'York Regional Police Chief Armand La Barge urges crown to drop charges in Korean Kid school fight police were too hasty in laying the charge.' b'Couple Gets Turned Away At Prom For Marijuana Odor' Why are foreigners dying at one of Thailand's most famous beaches? b'S.Korean naval ship sinking with 100 on board, North Korean torpedo attack suspected!' Christopher Hitchens Catholic Church Wants 'Wiggle Room' For Rape And Torture Of Children b'How Saudis really see Americans If you believe a new Burger King ad, Americans are clueless about the Mideast.' Israel remains defiant amid allies' growing anger b'Islamists give gay activists 3 days to leave Indonesia. Activists from the Front for the Defence of Islam gave the delegates from 13 countries attending the meeting of the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Intersex Association until Sunday to leave Indonesia.' Child abuse scandal is war 'between church and world' b'Iceland just passed a law banning all strip clubs, making it the first country to ban stripping for feminist rather than religious reasons' b'How to launder a million dirty dollars' b'Vatican turns on senior Irish clergy. Irish Catholic Church  effectively placed it in receivership.' b'Israeli Tanks Move Into Gaza After Deadly Clashes' b'British government exaggerating terrorist threat, say MPs' b'Ian Tomlinson family waits for answers one year on from G20 protests' b'We're still asking for our independence, no more, and no less. There's a lot of oppression here. The secret police are everywhere. There's no freedom of speech.  Life in Africa's last colony' b'The boys were dealt with using community resolution, an alternative way of dealing with less serious crime.  BBC' b'Allawi wins most Iraq poll seats' b'Australian victims of nuclear testing sue the U.K.' b'Saudi prince arrested in Lebanon over drugs' b'Israel condemned at Arab summit' b'Quick before it goes behind a paywall and we never see another link to the website again, have a laugh and check out the name of the author!' b'Jerusalem to dominate Arab summit' b'China adding missiles near Taiwan navy official' UK's newspaper and media company, Independent, pays Russian billionaire and Gorbachev cohort Alexander Lebedev 9.25 million pounds to take over its operations. b'IRAQ Elections Allawi wins by slight margin, alMaliki rejects results' b'To increase European support for the war in Afghanistan, the CIA wants to recruit Afghan women to act as public relations ambassadors...' Christopher Hitchens Catholic Church Wants 'Wiggle Room' For Rape And Torture Of Children (VIDEO) b'WikiLeaks to release video of civilians, journalists being murdered in airstrike' b'The priest who abused deaf boys for 24 years Father Murphy was the only adult his pupils could communicate with  and he betrayed them' Before you start mouthing off about Hitler, you'd  better know your Nazis  David Mitchell b'Mexican Police Chief DECAPITATED By Drug Cartel' 'The Pope should resign. He should offer himself up to authorities for prosecution, like the sacrificial lamb hes supposed to represent here on earth.' b'The Swiss Army and the Porcupine Principle' b'Over 3,000 White farmers have been killed since 1994 in South Africa.' b'CIA leak shows plans to market Afghan war to Europeans  A CIA expert has called for optimistic Afghans and their womenfolk to be recruited as flagwavers for the NATO mission, to persuade sceptical Europeans to support the war, according to a document leaked on Friday' b'Holocaust scholars on Thursday attacked a bid to include images of kissing lesbians in a monument dedicated to the thousands of homosexuals persecuted by the Nazis, saying it distorted history.' 'What Is So Bad About Dying?' b'The UK government needs to be less deferential towards the US and more willing to say no to Washington, a group of MPs have said.' 'Special relationship' between UK and US is over, according to British MPs The world's first zerocarbon city is being built in Abu Dhabi and is designed to be not only free of cars and skyscrapers but also powered by the sun. b'the youngest person to die was a threeyearold girl who was burned to death, some people were killed by having their heads smashed with axes  New massacre uncovered in Congo is one of their worst to date. ' b'Depleted by an Americanbacked offensive and seemingly desperate for new conscripts, the Lords Resistance Army, one of the most infamous armed groups in Africa, has killed hundreds of villagers in this remote corner of Congo and kidnapped hundreds more, marching them off in a vast human chain.' BBC News  Sunk South Korea naval ship Cheonan 'split in half' Following in Switzerland's Footsteps  International RightWingers Gather for EUWide Minaret Ban The IDF 'Death Zone' Policy if a Palestinian steps within 300 meters of the Gaza/Israel border on Gaza's side the IDF is ordered to shoot at them and based on what has happened they are allowed to shoot with lethal intent b'Cloud seeding brings rainfall to droughthit SW China province' b'Honduras Two journalists gunned down in ambush, bringing media death toll in March to five' b'Seoul has no evidence it was North Korea that caused South Korean warship to blow in half' b'Immunization drive aims to stop polio, once thought eradicated in Guinea UNICEF.' b'Church of Greece agrees to pay tax' b'Russia Bans Hitler's Mein Kampf as Extremist' b'BBC News  Switzerland casino is robbed by armed gang' b'Pope Benedict XVI  failed to defrock an American priest who molested hundreds of deaf boys, despite receiving letters from a number of American bishops pleading with him to act' Sinead O'Connor 'There should be a full criminal investigation of the pope' North Koreans who fled to China describe acute shortages and anger after a disastrous currency devaluation. As an ailing Kim tries to secure his son's ascension, some people are beginning to speak out. b' Victims of sexual abuse by priests demonstrated at the Vatican on Thursday demanding that Pope Benedict open up files on pedophile Catholic clerics worldwide and immediately defrock all predator priests.' b'U.S./Russia agree to cut nuclear arsenals to only 1,500 nukes.  Also, U.S./Russia agree that they need 1,500 nukes.  ' b'Interesting Locals kill Afghan suicide bomber before he can detonate his vest' b'Despite row, U.S. and Israel sign massive arms deal' b'Remember that British Policeman caught striking a woman at the G20? Hes in the dock for Common Assault. In his defence he thought the juice box and camera she had in each hand looked like weapons' b'The terror threat facing the UK has been overstated by the Government since the 9/11 attacks in America, a group of MPs and peers signal today. ' U.N. Human Rights Council says Israel should pay Palestinians reparations for loss and damages suffered during last year's war in the Gaza Strip Russian bombers 'intercepted in British airspace'  CNN.com Purple protests on streets of Rome. Protestors are outraged by Berlusconi's huge influenceover the country's television and media and his attacks on  the county's judges. A good BBC piece on how a wide range of Israeli's feel about the building of new homes in East Jerusalem.  You may be surprised at what they are saying. b'Strip clubs banned in Iceland' b'Israel braces for more expulsions in Mossad row Australia, France, Germany and Ireland are all investigating the suspected theft of the identities of their nationals' Israeli soldiers 'used child to check for boobytraps'  b'Bush handwipe video was doctored' b'Yemen where men marry children  Fathers marry off preteen daughters here for many reasons, not least to remarry themselves.' b'A Female Approach to Peacekeeping When female soldiers are present, the situation is closer to real life, and as a result the men tend to behave' Burma's Looming Guerilla War Junta Prepares to Take on the Ethnic Militias b'WikiLeaks Followed by CIA and State Department | WikiLeaks is currently under an aggressive U.S. and Icelandic surveillance operation,' UK Why did Gordon Brown Sell Britain's Gold Reserves? 'It's Time for Turkey to Snap Out of Its SelfDelusion'  Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has once again suggested that Germany establish Turkishlanguage high schools for its immigrant population of Turkish descent. Regardless of the idea's merits, it is unlikely to endear him to Merkel b'60 million people in China are struggling under worst drought conditions in a century' b'Islamic court in Nigeria bans Twitter and Facebook for debating on amputation under Sharia law' b'Blair Strikes Oil in Iraq. In the 3 years since he stepped down as prime minister, Blair pocketed more than $30 million in oil revenues from secret dealings with a South Korean oil consortium, UI Energy Corporation. Despite his best efforts to keep his connection to UI secret, word is spreading...' b'WIKILEAKS(PDF) CIA public apathy enables leaders to ignore voters Cia details how to get war support.' Not exactly the bitch slap Israel needs from the US, but it's a start. b'Fidel Castro Truly unusual that 234 years after the Declaration of Independence in 1776, that the U.S. government has passed [a law for] medical attention for the vast majority of its citizens, something that Cuba achieved for its entire population half a century ago' b'73% of Russians view US as an aggressor trying to take control of all countries in the world. ' b'The Vatican has attacked the media over charges that the Pope failed to act against a US priest accused of abusing up to 200 deaf boys two decades ago.' b'For years, Dutch law enforcement officials have been listening in on conversations between lawyers and their clients. The prosecutors office itself now wants to put an end to the practice.' b'UK police asks Internet cafes to monitor customers ' b'Ciudad Jurez is one of the fastest growing cities in the world, in spite of the fact that it is the most violent zone in the world outside of declared war zones.' b'Police chief beheaded in north Mexico' b'China overtook the US during 2009 to become the leading investor in renewable energy technologies.' b'Owner of the only remaining TV station in Venezuela critical of Hugo Chavez has been arrested.' b'CIA prepared birthday cake for double agent who bombed Afghan base and killed seven CIA employees' Google booted from China's number two carrier b'Signs of Big Bang in North Korea?' Israel and Hamas forces 'clash on Gaza border' Arab media reports two Israeli troops have been killed east of Khan Younis b'Pakistani jets kill nearly 50 in tribal region' b'China Is Beating the Pants Off the U.S. in Clean Energy  China invested nearly twice as much money$34.6 billionin clean energy projects in 2009' b'DID THE POPE protect a pedophile?' b'nBeijing to sweeten stench of rubbish crisis with giant deodorant guns' b'Times and Sunday Times websites to charge from June' b'A cloud of smog hovers over Mongolias capital' Israel and Hamas forces 'clash on Gaza border' Two Israeli troops killed, retaliation expected b''Misleading' police advert banned The ASA said the advertisement broke its rules on being legal, decent, honest, truthful. The advertiser? The UK Government ...' This author's whole life was building towards this moment... (check his name)