 Israels latest FU to US  We'll do what we want with East Jerusalem, it's not up for negotiation. b'Australia nearly 55% of stories analysed were driven by some form of public relations. Many journalists and editors were defensive when the phone call came. Most refused to respond, others who initially granted an interview then asked for their comments to be withdrawn out of fear.' b'Air pollution levels in Hong Kong have reached a record high, prompting government warnings to people to avoid going out.' b'Every year, more people die from unsafe water than from all forms of violence, including warn' b'Cyprus to run out of drinking water' b'New Study Israel in recent years has spent &gt; $17 billion building 12 million square meters of roads, homes and factories for Jewish settlers in the occupied Palestinian West Bank.' b'India will Use Hottest Chili in the World to Fight Terrorism' b'UK to expel Israeli diplomat over fake British passport used in assassination in Dubai' India's unbearable lightness of being b'Jeremy Paxman interviews Ann Coulter...love his work' b'UK Foreign Secretary Israel Is Behind The Cloned British Passports Used In Hamas Killing In Dubai' b'BREAKING Britain To Expel Israeli Diplomat Over Duplication Of Passports' b'How New Labour can you get? 4 British MPs, including three Blairera Cabinet ministers, caught trying to sell their influence for thousands of pounds. I'm a bit like a sort of cab for hire, I suppose, Stephen Byers told undercover reporters masquerading as reps of a US company.' b'Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has asserted Israel's right to build in Jerusalem, following a row with the US over plans for new homes in the city.' b'Silvio Berlusconi to push for change to Italian constitution for greater powers' b'Venezuela arrests Chavez critic for conspiracy' Germany's effort to rein in its expensive social welfare system has been ruled unconstitutional. How it now moves to balance its books as well as meet what it considers basic human needs could set a model for others b'The vast majority of Russian prisoners  724,000 out of a total prison population of 862,000  still live in freestanding barracks, roughhewn, lowslung buildings of wood or brick encircled by barbed wire, usually in a remote place. Medvedev seeks to reform Sovietaged prison system.' UK's police state Police in Nottingham city were out tackling knife crimea search centre was set up where a full body scanner checked suspects.  b'Vladimir Putin was most likely involved in the 1999 Russian apartment bombings. The American voting public ought to have been aware of this. The conventions of the news media and of our overall societal structure are such that this will never be widely known.' b'German elderly kidnap financial advisor over failed invesments' b'Hillary tells AIPAC, the occupation is hurting the US around the world' World's cleverest man turns down $1million prize after solving one of mathematics' greatest puzzlesnn b'ExNazi assassin jailed for life  At 88, how long will that be?' Remember the British MP's caught red handed  selling political influence for cash? Here they are ON  CAMERA boasting about their corruption CNN Wikileaks iReport Reddit, PLEASE view and comment on this story so it can get vetted and put on the CNN website. We really need to raise awareness of what's happening to Wikileaks. Thank you and please upvote this. I'm not a karmawhore, this is just a throwaway. b'Israels No renting to Arabs policy Since the Jewish couple offered to rent their home to Arab friends, their life has been a living hell.' b'At least a full version of the ACTA has leaked. Not the definitive version, but enough to see what the future may become.' b'Thousands of Canadians protest Ann Coulter after she told a Muslim to take a camel (instead of a flying carpet, of course) ' b'Nigeria bans internet discussion of its first Islamic wrist amputation for theft' b'Chile The earthquake picture I never sent' Canadians didn't stop Ann Coulter from speaking  her own security did. And then she blamed it on Canadian police. What a bitch.  Tony Blair in citizen's arrest scare as Brussels journalist tries to detain him over 'war crimes' b'Kafkas Castle is collapsing | You cant reason with the absurd, as IKEA found when it tried to build a model business in Russia. Institutional corruption is out of control. Kafkas Castle is finally collapsing. This is good news, ordinary Russians are losing their fear. Now theyre just angry' b'Has Germany just killed the dream of a European superstate?' FBI protects key terrorist in Mumbai attacks, won't let Indian authorities interrogate him nor won't let lawyer of the families of the 166 victims question him in his upcoming trail in Chicago reason suggested is he has ties to U.S intelligence b'Google fined for uncensored dirty jokes' b'The Coming ChinaIndia Conflict Is War Inevitable?' b'UN passes three resolutions condemning Israel over repeated human rights violations. Now guess who voted against them all?' China hits back at Google's uncensored Hong Kong servers  searches disabled or links blocked b'GoDaddy.com plans to stop registering domain names in China' b'Legality of US drones questioned' Airport guard 'misused scanner' Mideast peace effort is a charade. Something's changed in the U.S. when this headline can make it on CNN.com and actually be about Israel's lack of interest in any deal. b'Top ten reasons East Jerusalem does not belong exclusively to JewishIsraelis' b'NATO habitually lying about killing innocent civilians' b'Growing Opposition To EU Membership In Norway  The opposition to Norwegian membership in the EU is growing. The March survey shows that if a national referendum had been held today, 56% of the voters would have said no to Norwegian membership.' Just hours after Israeli PM's meeting with Obama, Israel announces 100 more houses in East Jerusalem. Schneier on Airport Security Bringing lots of liquids on a plane at Schiphol. This would worry me, if the liquid ban weren't already useless b'Ottawa joins the war on photography' b'UK government in full damage control members of Parliament caught red handed selling political influence for cash' b'A rather aggressive border closing ceremony...' b'Obama And The United States Won't Stop Israeli Aggression Because They Can't... The relationship has become so onesided that America is forced to apologize when Israel spits in America's face' Revealed Tony Blair's secret oil links to Middle East  THIS is why they went to war with Iraq b'After two students are killed during a gunfight, the director of one of the best private universities in Mexico calls the United States corrupt and suggests changing the drug policies in both countries.' b'Volcano eruption under a glacier in Iceland' b'Academic Paper in China Sets Off Alarms in U.S.' b'Death stalks the frozen land of Genghis Khan nMongolia is experiencing the worst famine in a generation' The US finally seems to be losing patience now that Netanyahu's behaviour is endangering its troops b'Palestinians shot dead by Israeli troops near Nablus' b'Israeli education ministry censors Universal Declaration of Human Rights' British MP's caught on camera in sting operation showing them selling their services for  b'UN Secretary General Ban Kimoon enters Gaza to show solidarity with Palestinians' b'Rise of the Red Tories We are living in a modernday version of serfdom, living in dependency to the banks. It is time to break up the banks. This (believe it or not) is supposedly the new ideology of the UK's Conservative Party. But how serious are they?' b'Explosives found aboard India plane' b'Venezuela announces power penalties, cuts power to Sony offices' b'Palestinians Protestor injured by IDF fire dies  bullet wounds appear to be from LIVE bullets, not rubber.' Leftists defeat Sarkozy's conservatives b'EU Naval Force Confront Somali Pirates, So They Jump Overboard.' b'Senior alShabab commander assassinated in Somalia' b'South Sudans road to independence with almost no skills, resources. Not medicine, not government, not even agriculture. A society before civilization' b'Chinese Academics Paper on Cyberwar Sets Off Alarms in U.S.' During Gaza visit, UN chief calls Israel siege 'unsustainable and wrong'  b'A new campaign urges standard European Union regulations to fight female genital mutilation' b'UN chief says Gaza suffering under Israeli blockade' Charlie Brooker The most dangerous drug isn't meow meow. It isn't even alcohol... This week's Economist is banned in Thailand, due to its critical, honest look at the political unrest in the country. Well worth a read. b'British inquiry into Iraq war turns toward Bush' b'Google Pulls Out Of China' b'Bushmen mark eight years without water' b'A policeman struck a G20 protester twice with a metal baton after mistaking a carton of orange juice in her hand for a weapon' b'Beautifullyillustrated 9min video explaining the complexities of the world food market How is it that 1 in 7 people go hungry?' b'Nuclear physicist gone without a trace' b'India successfully testfires BrahMos supersonic cruise missile' b'Quebecers rally to put secularism on agenda' hey worldnews.reddit, I've spent the last week in Bangkok taking photos of the massive red shirt protests. Here are my photos & a roundup. AMA b'China Says That It May Go from Giant Trade Surplus to Trade DEFICIT in March' b'WHO finds drugresistant TB on the rise in Russia, China, and India.' Israeli Jews steal more land from Palestinians, says the Palestinians made them do it and it's for their own good. b'UN Polluted water killing, sickening millions  More than half of the world's hospital beds are filled by people suffering from waterrelated illnesses' b'PROTEST FAIL Students protest tuition fee hike by destroying school property bought by the money from tuition fees' b'Day of Wrath protests occur simultaneously in 20 Russian cities.' b'How the UN got scammed for millions The peace profiteer' b'We have a woman that has been shot; she needs help. Stop shooting. There is no reason to be shooting at people like this. You are in THEIR village.' Ireland greets pope's apology with skepticism, calling the pope's analysis flawed b'Israeli leader flies for talks with Obama as four more teenager killings raise tension in West Bank' b'A looming earthquake in Nepal could be catastrophic  worse than Haiti or Chile' War is coming  Israel to ask US for bombs in the fight against Iran's Nuclear sites  b'Berlin Divided on Greece Merkel Takes on the EU and Her Own Finance Minister.' b'Germans Oppose Greek Aid, Poll Shows  Fierce German resistance to helping crisishit Greece has emerged in a Financial Times opinion poll that strengthens the hand of Angela Merkel, the chancellor, b/f a possible European showdown this week over financial aid for Athens.' b'Large explosion in Moscow Subway.' b'Morally bankrupt and no longer even trying When you read about the complete collapse of the Atlantic bluefin tuna population and its eventual extinction in a few years from now, remember that it was Canada (aside from Japan), that was responsible' b'I wish Redditors would bear this in mind when submitting news links about the UK...' b'Did you know that for the last three years until today Israel has been completely blocking all shipments of clothes and shoes to the Gaza Strip?  Was this really necessary?' b'Catholic Church will not be intimidated by sex abuse claims, Pope says; Insists claims are petty gossip' b'World War II Veterans Must Pay To Sing War Songs' b'153 trapped in China coal mine!' b'UK government set to rush through the Digital Economy Bill (which was partwritten by the BPI) with only a brief reading and minimal debate' One of Romania's most powerful criminals has warned his country must do something to stop the wave of Gypsy child crime that is sweeping Europe or face a backlash against Romanians. b'Jim Rogers Greece Should Have Been Left to Die  The Greeks have never lived within their means, and I suspect this time they won't either, until they're forced to by either bankruptcy or by someone just refusing to give them loans, Rogers says.' b'Israel defiant Against US pressure to halt construction We are the ones who have exclusive responsibility for Israels fate and future.' b'French teachers walk out over violence  Since the beginning of the year, French schools have seen a string of attacks' b'Israel allows clothes, shoes into blockaded Gaza for first time in three years' b'James Lovelock It may be necessary to put democracy on hold for a while [to combat climate change]' b'Police Chief in Mexcio beheaded' Blood and Treasure Why one of the world's richest countries is also one of its poorest. b'Singapore's Leaders at it Again NYT journalists Sued for Libel' Interview with Turkey's Prime Minister  'There Can be No Talk of Genocide' [against the Armenians] Hardship deepens for South Africa's poor whites b'BBC | French students shy of real world' b'Did Iraq Just Elect a MassMurderer?' b'More Internet Censorship coming up in Europe?!' b'Mine from North Korea may have sunk South Korean naval ship' b'Pakistan Fresh clashes kill 30 in near Afghan border' b'Colombian rebels release one of two soldiers promised this week. ' Barclays and RBS shares suspended from trading after tanking more than 8% Pope says Church should ask forgiveness from gays for past treatment Poland 'shocked' by xenophobic abuse of Poles in UK There will be no second referendum, cabinet agrees Scotland welcome to join EU, Merkel ally says Sterling dips below Friday's 31year low amid Brexit uncertainty No negative news about South African President allowed on state broadcaster. Surge in Hate Crimes in the U.K. Following U.K.s Brexit Vote Weapons shipped into Jordan by the CIA and Saudi Arabia intended for Syrian rebels have been systematically stolen by Jordanian intelligence operatives and sold to arms merchants on the black market, according to American and Jordanian officials Angela Merkel said the U.K. must file exit papers with the European Union before talks can begin In a birth offering hope to a threatened species, an aquarium in Osaka, Japan, has succeeded in artificially breeding a southern rockhopper penguin for the first time in the world. Sky News Journalist Left Speechless As Leave MP Tells Him 'There Is No Plan' Giant panda in Macau gives birth to twins Get out now EU leader tells Britain it must invoke Article 50 on Tuesday Sea turtle 'beaten and left for dead' on beach by people taking selfies Loggerhead sea turtle receiving treatment after it was beaten with sticks and stepped on in Lebanon German lawyers to probe Erdogan over alleged war crimes Boris Johnson says the UK will continue to intensify cooperation with the EU and tells his fellow Leave supporters they must accept the 5248 referendum win was not entirely overwhelming. Richard Branson is calling on the UK government to hold a second EU referendum to prevent 'irreversible damage' to the country. Turkey 'sorry for downing Russian jet' Edward Snowden lawyer vows new push for pardon from Obama Brexit opinion poll reveals majority don't want second EU referendum half (48%) of British adults say that they are happy with the result, with two in five (43%) saying they are unhappy with the outcome. Conservative MP Leave Campaigner The leave campaign don't have a postBrexit plan... Economists predict UK recession, further weakening of Pound following Brexit. New EU 'superstate plan by France, Germany Creating a European superstate limiting the powers of individual members following Britains referendum decision to leave the EU Pakistani clerics declare transgender marriages legal under Islamic law Authorities raid 14 Scientology offices in Russia in money laundering probe Pope Francis uses the term 'genocide' to describe Armenian massacre during visit to memorial Pontiff veers off prepared speech to directly refer to the massacre as a genocide Vladimir Putin Says Brexit Caused by British Politicians 'Arrogance' Poll puts support for Scottish independence at 59% Brexit Expats denied say in EU referendum due to missing postal votes demand rerun after scandal is revealed The petition to redo the Brexit referendum that now has over 3 million signatures was actually started by a Leave backer who thought Remain was gonna win Historian Gudni Johannesson has claimed victory in Icelands presidential election. The new president said his first job would be to fly to France to support his country's team against England on Monday. Nigel Farage has said Britain is heading for a mild recession but says it has nothing to do with Brexit. The victorious Leave campaigner rejected warnings that leaving the European Union would have dire consequences for the UK economy, even as markets were rocked by Thursdays result. Iraq takes 'last IS bastion in Falluja' Liberal Democrats pledge to ignore referendum result and keep Britain in the EU Nigerian Army announces rescue of 5000 Boko Haram hostages The United Nations issued a strongly worded statement on Friday warning that any attempt by the European Union to bypass national parliaments to push through controversial trade deals would violate international human rights norms and standards. UK food prices set to rise after Brexit vote  Plunging pound and Britains reliance on imports will mean higher prices, says farmers leader Prices have increased by 14,000%19,000% in four years in Venezuela No chance of a second referendum, says Britain's top elections expert Nicola Sturgeon says Scottish Parliament could veto Brexit after EU referendum Labour MP David Lammy has called on Parliament to stop this madness and to vote against the referendum decision to leave the EU. Peru's state energy company has reported an oil spill in a tributary of Amazon, third major one this year and 21st in last five years, raising fears of yet more pollution of the water and fish on which indigenous villages and riverside communities depend. HSBC 'to move jobs to Paris if UK leaves single market' A coral reef plea letter was sent to the Prime Minister of Australia by an international group of coral reef scientists on Saturday, concerning the health of the Great Barrier Reef, and the fossil fuel consumption of the country. Post Office in Northern Ireland reports 'unusually high number of people' seeking Irish passports I don't believe it is right that I should carry on as the British commissioner as though nothing had happened, Britain's representative on the EU executive in Brussels, Jonathan Hill, resigns Remains of a mammoth uncovered near Mexico City Sturgeon says prereferendum UK 'no longer exists' Thousands of London banking job cuts to start next week as contingency plans kick in Six weeks before the Rio Olympics, the lab handling all drug testing for the Games has been suspended by world antidoping officials Global stock markets lost $2 trillion in value after Britain voted to leave the European Union Brexit How to move to Canada trends in U.K. after European Union vote  National Brexit Anger over 'Bregret' as Leave voters say they wanted 'protest vote' and thought UK would stay in EU Petition for second EU referendum reaches 1,000,000 signatures. Worlds 400 Richest People Lose $127 Billion on Brexit Iceland is voting in a presidential election which a historian with no experience of public office is favourite to be win. Dozens of bomb sniffing dogs 'killed by American security company in Kuwait after its contract with oil firm ended' Thousands sign petition for London to become independent and rejoin the EU Scotland to begin talks with EU 'immediately' as plans for second independence vote underway already Brexit Most Young voters where proEU but never got around to voting. France today told Britain to appoint a new prime minister within 'a few days' and to immediately quit the EU [European Union] by soon triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. Election in Iceland today, 10% of population is in France Scotland will likely seek independence for a second time this decade after the historic vote for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union, Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said Friday. Nigel Farage Admits 350m Saving For NHS In EU Contributions Slogan Was A Mistake London markets lose $164B in 600 seconds Cornwall votes for Brexit but doesn't want to lose its millions in EU subsidies Pope Francis describes mass killing of Armenians in Turkey as 'genocide' German foreign minister urges EU not to 'go looking for revenge' on UK 'We have to accept the decision that was made' Thousands rally in Australia for samesex marriage Cornwall votes for Brexit and then pleads to keep EU funding Brexit Moody's downgrades UK's credit outlook from 'stable' to 'negative' | Business News | News Brexit Britain's most senior EU official resigns after UK vote to leave The murdered Labour M.P. Jo Cox's constituency voted to leave the European Union Brexit will turn Berlin into 'Europes startup capital' David Cameron to Resign as PM After EU Referendum BBC forecasts UK votes to Leave the European Union Nicola Sturgeon says a second independence referendum for Scotland is now highly likely It's official. Britain votes to leave the European Union. World's Largest Tibetan Buddhist Institute Ordered to be Demolished by Chinese Government Not a single place in Scotland voted to leave the EU... Rich Getting Richer at the Expense of the Poor, Oxfam Warns Spanish minister calls for Gibraltar to be returned to Spain on back of Brexit vote British Pound drops nearly 5% in minutes following strong results for leave campaign in Newcastle J.K. Rowling leads the charge for Scottish independence after UK votes for Brexit Buenos Aires zoo to close after 140 years 'Captivity is degrading'  Mayor Horacio Rodrguez Larreta said that the zoos 2,500 animals will be gradually moved to nature reserves in Argentina which can provide a more suitable environment. Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister calls for poll on united Ireland after Brexit Polls close | Brexit polling day as it happened Brexit Petition for second EU referendum so popular the government site's crashing | UK | News North Korea printing massive amounts of fake Chinese currency, defectors say Sinn Fein calls for a referendum on Irish reunification after Brexit $70 billion wiped off the Australian sharemarket as a result of Brexit. Nigel Farage disowns Vote Leave '350m for the NHS' pledge hours after result Top EU leader we want Britain out as soon as possible Nigel Farage 350 million pledge to fund the NHS was a 'big mistake'.Captions such as Let's give our NHS the 350 million the EU takes every week and We send the EU 350 million a week, let's fund our NHS instead were stamped on Vote Leave campaign material. Thousands of London banking job cuts to start next week Google says there was a large spike in searches for Irish passport applications as news broke EU referendum; Gibraltar backs Remain with 94% in first result of the night After Brexit, U.K. Residents Google 'What Is The EU?' A Turkish man has been found guilty of insulting President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for depicting him as the Gollum character from the Lord of the Rings. A court in the southwestern Antalya province gave Rifat Cetin a suspended oneyear jail sentence and stripped him of parental custody rights. Today The United Kingdom decides whether to remain in the European Union, or leave Ecigarettes should not be banned in public, medical experts warn 'A ban on using ecigarettes in public places could be damaging, as it may put off smokers from using ecigarettes to help them quit,' says Rosanna O'Connor from Public Health England Report China is still harvesting organs from prisoners Man opens fire at cinema complex in Germany, several people wounded  report Erdoan Europe, you dont want us because were Muslim Asian millionaires now control more wealth than those in North America, Europe and other regions A Japanese porn industry association has apologised and promised reform, amid allegations women are being forced to perform sex acts on film. University students are being warned when classes contains graphic or sensitive content, including sexual abuse, rape and transgenderism, to protect their mental health. Australian academics are issuing socalled trigger warnings for confronting material in classrooms. Afghan interpreters 'betrayed' by UK and US Contagious cancer cells are spreading between different animals and even different species in the sea, according to new research which raises the prospect of the disease becoming infectious in humans. 51 Killed in China by Powerful Tornado Teacher Killings Ignite Calls for Revolution in Mexico Police crackdown on rural educator protest spurs wide rebuke of government privatization and repression Solar plane lands in Spain after threeday Atlantic crossing Brexit supporters urged to take own pens to polling station amid fears of MI5 conspiracy Cities forge world's largest alliance to curb climate change | More than 7,100 cities in 119 countries formed the Global Covenant of Mayors for Climate and Energy, a network for helping exchange information on such goals as developing clean energy, organizers said. Colombia, FARC announce full ceasefire, 'last day of the war' Gunmen kill Sufi devotional singer Amjad Sabri in Pakistan, Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility India launches 20 satellites in single mission F16s to be manufactured soon in an assembly line in India Australia's gun laws stopped mass shootings and reduced homicides, study finds. French cement company in Syria buys oil from ISIS  Documents Pope to visit Armenia after irking Turkey with 'genocide' label Merkel says NATO must be strengthened China cracks down on online comments, clickbait stories, foreign TV content as Xi reshapes media landscape The prime minister of India is set to get a brand new Air India One aircraft, will be more advanced than Air Force One. German government agrees to ban fracking indefinitely Teenage recruits were raped by staff and forced to rape each other as part of initiation practices in the Australian military going back to 1960, a public inquiry heard on Tuesday Pakistan is selling nuclear materials to N Korea and China knows it, US sources say Amazon jaguar shot dead at Olympic torch ceremony Mexican flags raised around Donald Trump's golf course  Ahead of Trump's visit to Scotland this week EU smashes 2020 emissions target six years early | Greenhouse gas emissions in 2014 were 4.1% lower than the previous year and 24.4% below the 1990 baseline. The 2020 target is a 20% cut. Police kill eight striking Mexican teachers as Activists Denounce Police Killings & Crackdowns on Teachers in Oaxaca Prochoice activists have delivered abortion pills to women in Northern Ireland using a drone. A French football fan shoved an 18cmlong flare up his rectum in order to smuggle it into a Euro 2016 game. He then pulled the device out and set it off in the crowd, burning himself and two others in the process, before being charged over the incident by French police. Indian space agency ISRO launches 20 satellites in a single launch, setting a new record for the agency Japanese power company TEPCO admits it lied about meltdown after Fukushima Murdoch's News Corp buys 72 regional newspapers for $37 million Europe's growing army of robot workers could be classed as 'electronic persons' and their owners liable to paying social security for them if the European Union adopts a draft plan to address the realities of a new industrial revolution. Intel Fights Record $1.2 Billion Antitrust Fine at Top EU Court for bribing computer makers to not use AMD Russian security service conducts raids on Church of Scientology Federal Security Service raid over a dozen locations in Moscow and St Petersburg as part of investigation into alleged illegal business dealings Turkish students and graduates from 370 schools issue statements against AKP government's Islamization of education, student protests continue Japan Election Campaign Kicks off, Voting Age Lowered to 18 Moscow has signed an agreement with Los Angelesbased company Hyperloop One to explore building a futuristic, highspeed transportation system known as a Hyperloop in the Russian capital. TEPCO admits meltdown coverup  The president of Tokyo Electric Power Company has admitted the company concealed the reactor meltdowns at its Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant immediately after the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami Indian State Grants Jews Minority Status  India Real Time Canadian Rescue Plane successfully reaches South Pole Research Outpost. The Swedish parliament on Tuesday voted in favour of tough new asylum and residency laws. French police teargas migrants trying to board trucks to the UK Qawwali musician Amjad Sabri was shot dead in Pakistan. In 2014, the Islamabad Hight Court had issued a notice in a blasphemy case to two private TV channels. The show had mixed a mock wedding with a qawwali sung by Sabri related to religious figures, and was considered offensive. N. Korea launches what appears to be Musudan midrange missile from east coast An Australian athlete who has competed in six Paralympic Games has been robbed at gunpoint in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Liesl Tesch said a man brandishing a gun pushed her off her bicycle and stole it on Sunday. Russian state television accidentally broadcasts evidence that Moscow uses cluster bombs in Syria In 2015, 50 environmentalists were killed in Brazil  more than a quarter of those killed worldwide  and last year marked deadliest year for environmental activists, with 185 total murders across world. Out of the 10 deadliest countries in world for environmentalist, seven were in Latin America. China's plan to cut meat consumption by 50% cheered by climate campaigners New dietary guidelines could reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 1bn tonnes by 2030, and could lessen countrys problems with obesity and diabetes Coral bleaching event now biggest in history  and about to get worse 'Coral in every major reef region has already experienced severe bleaching. About 93% of the reefs on Australias Great Barrier Reef have been affected, and almost a quarter of the reef on the 2,300km stretch is now dead.' Superrich quaff champagne in Venezuela country club while middle classes scavenge for food Hong Kong bookseller refuses to be silenced after harsh detention in China Chinese prosecutors have successfully sued a county environmental agency for inadequately punishing a sewage firm that produced dye without appropriate safeguards  the first such public interest case against a government department. A Londonbased advocacy group says it has documented the killings of 185 environmental activists in 16 countries last year, nearly 60 percent more than in 2014. Erdogan loses appeal against German media boss Chinese supercomputer is the world's fastest  and without using US chips 7Eleven operator handed record penalty of more than $400,000 for systematically exploiting staff A Honduran military unit trained by US was ordered to kill environmental activist who was slain in March African Union plans to introduce single passport to create EUstyle 'continent without borders' More refugees became citizens of Canada than any other country last year, UN says Turkey charges Reporters Without Borders press freedom representative with 'terrorist propaganda' Brussels Bomb alert at shopping centre sparks antiterror operation | Europe | News Australian Paralympian Liesl Tesch robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro China issues orders to demolish Buddhist 'towns' (religious communities) with intensive 'instruction' for leaders and members of religious orders. Only a tiny fraction of the existing communities will be allowed to remain at each site. Gazans squeezed by triple taxes as Hamas replaces lost income US and Russian fighters in dramatic showdown over Syria American pilots scramble to confront Putin's jets as they bomb Pentagonbacked Syrian rebels Rising Tide of 'Politically Acceptable' Killings Spells Danger for Environmentalists Worldwide More than three people were slain each week in 2015 for 'protecting the land, forests, and rivers,' a new report reveals Mexico teachers protest Six people are dead and more than 100 are injured following a weekend of violence between members of a teachers union and police in southern Mexico. Canada is set to launch a paid whistleblower program. Russian football fan leader Alexander Shprygin has been detained in France, two days after being expelled from the country, French officials say. A staggering 87 percent of Venezuelans say they do not have money to buy enough food Two corporate whistleblowers may enter into plea bargain deal that would tie 30% of Brazilian lawmakers to corruption cases. Poland, together with Russia, Iran, and several Gulf states successfully removed decriminalization of homosexuality from UN resolution. Three environmental activists were killed per week last year, murdered defending land rights and the environment from mining, dam projects and logging Ontario funeral business dissolves the dead, pours them into town sewers New Declassified Documents Reveal How CIA Abused, Tortured Prisoners [Graphic] Tens of thousands of people gathered in sweltering heat on Japan's Okinawa island on Sunday in one of the biggest demonstrations in two decades against U.S. military bases, following the arrest of an American suspected of murdering a local woman. Japan's dementia crisis hits record levels as thousands go missing. National Police Agency reports more than 12,000 patients going missing in 2015, with hundreds of those later found dead Icelands Hekla volcano, a very popular tourist destination, now ready to blow Corbyn pledges to kill TTIP if elected Venezuelans Ransack Stores as Hunger Grips the Nation  4yearold girl was shot to death as street gangs fought over food. Rome elects first female mayor Saudi Arabia and Kuwait angry about Hillary Clintons claims that they 'fund terrorism' The two embassies in Canberra, Australia denounced the presidential candidate's remarks and said they also suffer from terrorism Professor Dismissed for Insulting Turkey's President Russian soldier dies in Syria after preventing car bomb attack on aid distribution point Three dead, 45 injured as labor union clashes with police in Mexico Indonesia vows to stand firm after skirmishes with Chinese ships.China claims most of the South China Sea, through which $5 trillion in shipborne trade passes every year. The Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan and Brunei have overlapping claims. A study of ocean plankton has shown that an increase in the water temperature of the worlds oceans of around 6C (10.8F)  which some scientists predict could occur as soon as 2100  could stop oxygen production by phytoplankton by disrupting the process of photosynthesis. Australia taxes foreign home buyers as affordability bites  Sydney is imposing new taxes on foreigners buying homes as concerns grow that a flood of mostly Chinese investors is crowding out locals and killing the Great Australian Dream of owning property Paris isn't happy about Amazon's onehour delivery service Australian man pleads guilty to making sexual threats on social media, in a landmark victory for opponents of online harassment. When her friends defended her online, Alchin wrote more than fifty posts, including rape threats, and saying that women should 'never have been given rights'  Trudeau condemns killing of 14 Canadian Embassy security guards in Kabul Vladimir Putin is considering selling part of Russias corporate crown jewels to China and India as the president struggles to meet spending commitments before his possible reelection bid in less than two years An elephant has survived being shot in the head by suspected poachers in Zimbabwe. It was found by vets in Mana Pools national park and is believed to have had the bullet lodged in its head for up to six weeks. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange marks 5 years holed up in Ecuadorean embassy Explosion At Airport In Istanbul Yemeni former president Terrorism is the offspring of Wahhabism of Al Saud regime UK must accept freedom of movement to access EU Market Devastated scientists too late to captive breed mammal lost to climate change  Australian conservationists spent 5 months obtaining permissions & planning for a captive breeding program. But when they arrived on the rodents tiny island, they they were too late. British Labor Party leader Jeremy Corbyn loses a noconfidence vote but refuses to resign A Muslim Shop in the UK Was Just Firebombed While People Were Inside Mexican Authorities Sexually Torture Women in Prison UK shares and pound continue to recover Iceland historian Johannesson wins presidential election 99MillionYrOld Bird Wings Found Encased in Amber  Finding things trapped in amber is far from rare. But when researchers in Burma found a pair of tiny birdlike wings frozen inside, they knew they had something special. A chatbot programmed by a British teenager has successfully challenged 160,000 parking tickets since its launch last year. The Philippine presidentelect said Monday he would aggressively promote artificial birth control in the country even at the risk of getting in a fight with the dominant Catholic church, which staunchly opposes the use of contraceptives. Former Belgian Prime Minister ridicules Nigel Farage and accuses Ukip leader of lying in EU referendum campaign Brexiteer Nigel Farage To EU 'You're Not Laughing Now, Are You?' Islamic State bombings in southern Yemen kill 38 people Escape Tunnel, Dug by Hand, Is Found at Holocaust Massacre Site The land under Beijing is sinking by as much as four inches per year because of the overconsumption of groundwater, according to new research. Car bomb and AntiIslamic attack on Mosque in Perth, Australia Emaciated lions in Taiz Zoo are trapped in bloodsoaked cages and left to starve for months due to the Yemeni civil war Rupert Murdoch describes Brexit as 'wonderful'. The media mogul likened leaving the EU to a prison break and shared his view of Donald Trump as a very able man. More than 40 killed in Yemen suicide attacks Google Found Disastrous Symantec and Norton Vulnerabilities That Are 'As Bad As It Gets Extremist violence on the rise in Germany Domestic intelligence agency says farright, farleft and Islamist radical groups gaining membership in country BBC News Labour MPs pass Corbyn noconfidence motion Tiny New Zealand town with 'too many jobs' launches drive to recruit outsiders 2,500 Scientists To Australia If You Want To Save The Great Barrier Reef, Stop Supporting Coal The personal details of 112,000 French police officers have been uploaded to Google Drive in a security breach just a fortnight after two officers were murdered at their home by a jihadist. S&P cuts United Kingdom sovereign credit rating to 'AA' from 'AAA' Huge helium deposit found in Africa CEO of the South African state broadcaster quits shortly after negative news about president is banned. Brexit cost investors $2 trillion, the worst one day drop ever Hong Kong democracy activists call for return to British rule as first step to independence Brexit Iceland president says UK can join 'triangle' of nonEU countries UK's Osborne 'Absolutely' going to have to cut spending, raise taxes 'Do not let Scotland down now'  Scottish MEP Alyn Smith has urged members of the European Parliament to stand by his country following the UK referendum on EU membership. British pound could hit historymaking dollar parity by end of 2016 Merkel vows to strengthen EU, tells UK no 'cherrypicking' Ryanair will not deploy new aircraft on routes to and from the UK [United Kingdom] next year [2017], following the Brexit vote, and will instead focus on the European Union [EU]. People, ever more greedy and stupid, destroy the world  Stephen Hawking to Larry King Siemens freezes new UK wind power investment following Brexit vote US, Canada and Mexico pledge 50% of power from clean energy by 2025 There is increasing evidence that Australia is torturing refugees, medical experts claim Richard Branson, the founder of Virgin Group, said Tuesday that the company has lost about a third of its value since the U.K. voted to leave the European Union last week. 37,000yrold skull from Borneo reveals surprise for scientists  Study of the Deep Skull  oldest modern human discovered in SE Asia  reveals this ancient person was not related to Indigenous Australians, as originally thought. Our discovery is a game changer. Palestinians stone Western Wall worshipers; police shut Temple Mount to nonMuslims JeanClaude Juncker asks Farage Why are you here? Romanians for Remainians offering a new home to the 48% of Britons who voted to stay in the EU | Bucharest newspaper's app connects loving Romanian families with needy Brits, allowing people to offer to help wouldbe immigrants apply for a Romanian ID Brexit Gibraltar in talks with Scotland to stay in EU 8 Suicide Bombers Strike Lebanon Mexico's security forces routinely use 'sexual torture' against women Rights group Amnesty International has compiled testimonies of sexual violence used as torture by Mexican security forces. Despite thousands of complaints, only 15 probes have led to criminal convictions since 1991. Polish pop star faces two years' prison for blasphemy; made negative statement about the Bible in TV interview. b'Whistleblowing Swedish model sought by Indian police' b'2nd blast hits Russian mine  contact lost with rescuers...' b'Man arrested at Karachi airport with batteries and electrical circuit found in shoes.' b'12 dead, 83 trapped in Russia mine after blasts' b'I find it really hard to believe the japanese govt. We hunt whales for Science! when I see articles like this.. ' Israel's 'security measures'  don't make me laugh    b'ToryLib Dem coalition threatened by secret hardline memo on Europe' b'Strong Earthquake Hits off Coast of Sumatra (again)' b'Chinese workers exposed to hazardous chemicals while working on iPhones. Apple to blame?' b'Costa Rica inaugurates new president Laura Chinchilla' Hey reddit, don't forget to celebrate Nazi defeat tonight! The Moscow Victory Day ( ) Parade begins at 2AM EST. Includes foreign contingents, ICBM launchers, Vintage tanks, planes, and a horse. b'Pope accepts resignation of German bishop in sex probe | Reuters' b'Mossad agent in Dubai assassination also wanted in New Zealand' b'Philippines faces election failure' Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits near Indonesia's Aceh, tsunami alert issued b'Five headless bodies found near Acapulco ' b'Questions about the UK election aftermath from an ignorant American' b'The blast took out all of the interior walls where everyone was hanging out having  I am not making this up  a party to celebrate seven years of accidentfree work on this rig, the transcript said.' b'Chavez rockets to No. 1 on Twitter in Venezuela' b'Man stabs eight to death in latest China killings' b'Air travel hit as volcano hurls up new ash cloud.  It has forced the closure of airports in Spain and Portugal.' b'Britain last had a hung parliament in March 1974  This is how The Economist greeted its arrival' b'Coal mine explosion in Russia kills 12, traps dozens' b'NADINE DORRIES, the Conservative MP, faces the first expenses complaint of the new parliament after a row about a 10,000 claim she paid to a friends company.' A human skull dated to about 2,684 years ago with an 'exceptionally preserved' human brain still inside of it was recently discovered in a waterlogged U.K. pit...The brain is the oldest known intact human brain from Europe and Asia...it's one of the bestpreserved ancient brains in the world. Russia reveals plans for base on the moon  Russia has announced that it intends to build a base on the moon within 20 years, which it plans to use as a staging post for a manned mission to Mars. UN finds more than 100 dead bodies in the Ivory Coast, some of which were burned alive Chinese gov.to use the happiness of the people as a new yardstick to measure the performance of officials, replacing the 30yearold yardstick of GDP growth.  UNICEF Snipers targeting children in Libya city Thousands of protesters have left Cairo's Tahrir Square headed to the Israeli embassy, demanding the flag be taken down and the gas supply from Egypt to Israel to be blocked Poland Edges Toward Drug Decriminalization Banker goes to prison [Iceland]. German newspaper publishes the original NRC Assessment about Fukushima concluding that Tepco made mistakes and the situation is worse than they are letting on. Russian artists Voina who drew 210foot penis on St. Petersburg drawbridge get award from Ministry of Culture Russia's FSB (domestic security service) proposes to enhance control, possibly ban communication providers like Skype, Gmail and Hotmail. Kremlin assures there are no such plans at the moment. Climate talks stall over richpoor rifts Poorer nations condemn US stubbornness at UN summit A Royal Navy officer was killed and another is fighting for their life after a shooting on board a top nuclear submarine [HMS Astute]. A sailor...was arrested after the incident earlier today [8 April 2011]. Both victims were officers serving on the stateofthe art submarine... Ethnically motivated killings in Ivory Coast. Canada Changes Position On GM Wheat! GM varieties are NOT contemplated at this time. Israeli missile defense system intercepts Hamas rocket Old man stranded in Japanese town since the tsunami/earthquake.  Just 12 miles from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant. Milk poisoning kills children in China Heads Up, Mexico You May be Next  Egypt protesters demand Mubarak trial  Thousands gather in Cairo's Tahrir Square, calling for prosecution of the ousted president and his regime.  Iceland is voting tomorrow to reject the Icesave bill. Its goal is to enslave the Icelandic population third world style with huge debt followed by austerity measures and prostitution of our natural resources.  British High Courts award damages to a man wrongfully caught up in the Operation Ore child porn investigation many of the accused were nothing more than victims of creditcard fraud Japan earthquake and tsunami debris floats across the Pacific toward the US west coast. Five Russian journalists kidnapped by Libyan rebels today... and released several hours later Brazilian gunman kills 11 children... Man goes on killing spree in Dutch shopping mall. At least 5 to 10 people killed.  People power finally takes Govt. of India by surprise. Agrees on a stronger anticorruption bill. Dutch government cutting more than one in six of all military jobs as part of spending cuts aimed at balancing the budget. Egyptian military beats protesters, fires shots in Cairo's Tahrir Square Egyptian soldiers attack protesters in Tahrir square. A redditor's pics of Cairo's Tahrir Square being cleared out by the military last night. Egypt Gunfire reported as soldiers storm Cairo's Tahrir Square, where protesters had been joined by army officers. Over one million protesters in Cairo's Liberation square demand military rulers lift the blockade on Gaza. [VIDEO] Gaddafi honestly can't say they are not firing at anyone and then not expect this. NATO watches tank fire shell and then responds. WikiLeaks Yemen tricked Saudis into nearly bombing president's rival Japan's mafia aid effort. A total of 72 bodies have been found in mass graves in northeastern Mexico, believed to have been migrants kidnapped from a bus headed to the U.S. border. TEPCO contractors reject higher radiation dose limit for workers Stranded and alone 75yearold man found alive at his devastated farmhouse four weeks after Japan earthquake and tsunami Japan's government has announced it will ban farmers from planting rice in soil contaminated by radiation from the tsunamiflooded nuclear power plant, adding another food central to Japanese culture to the list of items raising concerns. Mass murder and rape in Ivory Coast. Germany Freak sandstorm causes deadly motorway pileup USA to fund $20m Pakistani remake of Sesame Street  Britain's defense ministry has confirmed that a Royal Navy officer was shot dead by a fellow sailor aboard a nuclear powered submarine. A year after crash of polish plane in Smolensk, 
Russians changed text on a memorial plate. Rebels repel assault on Misurata  Rage on The lavish lifestyle of Teodorin, son of Equatorial Guinea's dictator and US friend A Syrian shot dead by security while he was in a funeral for another Syrian shot at by the regime's security Sesame Street heads to Pakistan US government aid agency sponsors $20m Pakistani remake of the American kids' TV show
 Syrian protests turn deadly; 32 reported killed UN set to recognize Palestine as a sovereign nation, including all of the West Bank and Gaza.  Defiant Japanese Boat Captain Rode Out Tsunami I talked to my boat and said you've been with me 42 years. If we live or die, then we'll be together, then I pushed on full throttle . . . I climbed the wave like a mountain. When I thought I had got to the top, the wave got even bigger. Ai Weiwei, an outspoken critic of the Chinese government and Chinas bestknown artist, is missing. His whereabouts are unknown after being detained by police. His arrest is part of a wider government crackdown on dissidents in which many have been criminally detained, arrested, or disappeared. Japanese Mayor Pleads for His Starving Town it' time  the global initiative for drug policy reform Tepco prepares to dump 11,500L of radioactive water 
into the Pacific Ivory Coast Crisis  1000 killed in a single day in village of Duekoue. French and UN helicopters have fired on military camps operated by Ivory Coast incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo, in an effort to halt attacks on civilians. Muslim Brotherhood advocates Egyptian modesty police  Call adds to concerns among liberals that the country is going Islamic after attacks on Muslim mystic tombs, Christians Russian journalist attacked by man after failed pick up attempt. Calls cops only to find out the man is the local police chief... France The prevailing sentiment among opponents of the government's debate on religion is that the government is exploiting division, fear of Islam and xenophobia for political gain. Gaddafi wants truce with rebels, seeks Turkey to mediate 61% of Israeli voters over 55 would support a peace deal. Only 37% under 35 would approve. Worrying. 2 Qaddafi Sons Are Said to Offer Plan to Push Father Out and Create Democracy Operation Payback Anon to target Sony in row over information sharing. Norway's Parliament has agreed to the EU data directive Muslims in France Ask to Use Empty Churches  Bodies of victims in 2009 Air France flight 447 found in underwater wreckage Troops fire on Yemen protest, murdering at least 6 civilians First shots fired from UN/French forces in the Ivory Coast Tsunami dog reunited with owner Head of U.N. Panel Regrets Saying Israel Intentionally Killed Gazans Fukushima officials want to release 11,500 tons of radioactive water into the ocean. That's classified as over 100 times more radioactive than legal limits Thousands are missing in Mexico  
A Mexican human rights group says more than 5,000 people have been reported missing since the War on Drugs began Syrian cell phones, internet down ProPalestinian Jewish Activist Shot Dead in Jenin by Palestinian Terrorists Germany to phase out nuclear power Japan stops radioactive leaks into sea from reactor ElBaradei If Israel Attacks Gaza, Egypt Will Strike Back
 Ciudad Juarez has experienced a 4day murder spree resulting in 41 dead within 96 hours Ecuador has declared the U.S. ambassador to the country 'persona non grata' over Wikileaks cables and wants the envoy to leave immediately Japan's ocean radiation hits 7.5 million times legal limit High readings in fish prompt the government to establish a maximum level for safe consumption Radioactive iodine131 readings taken from seawater near the water intake of the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant's No. 2 reactor reached 7.5 million times the legal limit, Tokyo Electric Power Co. admitted Tuesday Al Jazeera demands the immediate release of one correspondent and two cameramen still detained by Gaddafi's forces. Tapes emerge a day before Berlusconi goes on trial for allegedly paying for sex with an underage prostitute and using his office to cover it up. Palestinian human rights group condemned hamas for building, storing, and operating rockets in densely populated areas Concern for missing Chinese artist Ai Weiwei  Acclaimed artist's apparent detention draws international condemnation while his whereabouts remains a mystery. Leading Israelis push for twostate solution with new peace initiative Oil could hit $200$300 on Saudi unrestYamani Mystery plane kills two in Sudan air raid Iman alObeidi, Libya Woman Who Claimed Rape, Speaks With CNN Anderson Cooper (VIDEO) Phone hacking Two senior Murdoch press journalists arrested in the UK The world's worst human rights abusers continue to get pass from UN Human Rights Council Saudi Arabian Haia officers get training to combat black magic British PM tells Pakistan elite 'Many of your richest people are getting away without paying much tax at all  and that's not fair' David Cameron Britain caused many of the world's problems Veteran Police Officer in Toronto Jailed for 90 Days for Breaking Prisoner's Arm.  41 die in four days in Juarez killing spree Chaos reigns as Anonymous attacks toilet paper, Sweden, itself TEPCO Offers Apology Money over Fukushima Nuclear Disaster $12 a Head
 Julian Assange WikiLeaks is the intelligence agency of the people Japan Radioactive leak plugged! Video of police assault on Ian Tomlinson, who died at the London G20 protest in 2009 It shows Tomlinson, who was not part of the demonstration, being assaulted from behind and pushed to the ground by batonwielding police 75 Year old Georgian Woman shuts down Armenian internet for 12 hours. International Energy Agency says peak oil happened in 2006 Wikileaks Afghan School Success A Myth  Confidential documents give a bleak picture of Afghan schools supported by the West. Portugal calls for EU financial bailout The cop who pushed Ian Tomlinson to the ground during the G20 protests told an inquest into the newspaper seller's death that he had been in fear for my life David Cameron Britain caused many of the world's problems New IsraeliPalestinian peace proposal presented 
and endorsed by Mossad and Shin Bet chief, among 
others. Sovereign Palestine, 1967 borders, return 
fo the Golan Heights to Syria In postMubarak Egypt, abductions of women have become a phenomenon spread against the background of lawlessness English surgeons protest long wait times for major operations that keep patients in severe pain for months & other surgeries being outright denied in order to save money for the National Health Service. GPs were told not so send as many patients to hospital[...] Japans tsunamiravaged towns forgot wisdom left by their ancestors centuries ago NHK Radioactivity at Fukushima Daiichi No. 13 exceeds capacity of monitoring devices Japan is very sorry about irradiating the ocean without prior notice, and promises never to do it again. Military and medical experts call on doctors to use their position of trust in society to build support for action on climate change. Ai Weiwei's detention suggests the bad old days are returning in China  
A brutal crackdown on dissenters seems to signal a return to totalitarian repression Tokyo Electric Power Company called the initial offer 'payment for their troubles,' and would not detail how much money is being offered to each community. But Kousei Negishi, who is the manager of general affairs for Namie, said that it was..about $12 for each of Namie's roughly 20,000 residents. First mention in a Chinese newspaper of the detention of Ai Weiwei  Ai Weiwei chooses to have a different attitude from ordinary people toward law. However, the law will not bend for mavericks just because of the Western media's criticism.  Sweden With Entitlements & Health Care Surpasses America Economically Gadhafi, in letter, asks Obama to end air strikes  Yahoo! News Academic researchers worldwide, including veterans of research on the Chernobyl accident, are poring over releases of data on population exposure rates to radioactive fallout from the Fukushima nuclear disaster. But they are finding that making any sense of the data is proving very difficult. Sudan accuses Israel over Port Sudan air strike The Sudanese government says Israel carried out an air strike on a car near the city of Port Sudan on the Red Sea coast which killed its two passengers. Over a barrel Oil could hit $200$300 on Saudi unrest Syria's only casino has been shut down and a ban on teachers wearing the Islamic veil reversed, in an effort to reach out to conservative Muslims. New 7.4 earthquake in Japan! Tsunami warning issued Mexican protest in over 20 cities  against the drugrelated violence sweeping the country Former Mexican president urges drug legalization  Legalization of drugs in Mexico would not only lead to lowered violence and drug consumption but also boost its economy, former Mexican President Vicente Fox said Wednesday. Tired of violence, Mexicans ready for mass protests Civil war recently broke out in Ivory Coast, where cell phones are one of the main ways of communicating, but people can't get to stores to buy credit.  So one phone company is giving all customers a bunch of free texts and calls. WHO warns of postantibiotic era I.M.F. supports Palestinian bid for state Mystery plane bombs Sudan, Israel blamed Two killed in airstrike on car close to Port Sudan on Red Sea The Roots of the Cte d'Ivoire Crisis How the demand for chocolate helped fuel the country's civil war Japanese Citys Cry Resonates Around the World School shooting in Rio de Janeiro leaves at least 13 deads, details still unfolding Inside report from Fukushima nuclear reactor evacuation zone Saudi Twitter community hears about a child that has gone missing ... groups up to look for him ... finds him after only 3 hours Stone Markers from Japan's past Tsunami Warnings From Ancestors Were Forgotten Video tour of Fukushima evacuation zone. Cracked streets, smashed cars, wandering dogs, and dosimeters. (Warning ear piercing dosimeter alarm beginning @ 200  turn volume down)  David Cameron has suggested that Britain and the legacy of its empire was responsible for many of the world's historic problems Bahrain has taken on the likeness of a police state with mass arrests and reports of torture.  Emergency laws give the security forces the right to search houses at will without a warrant and dissolve any organization, including legal political parties, deemed a danger to the state The Real Meaning of 'Bunga Bunga'  
Berlusconi's sex scandal shows a racist, sexist side of Italy Palestinians in a West Bank town say Israeli troops have rounded up some 200 women as part of a search for the killer of five Israelis in a nearby settlement last month Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates has been insisting for months that he would not ask the EU for help. But on Wednesday he announced he was doing just that, after bond yields reached an unsustainable level. The bailout could amount to as much as 80 billion euros. Israeli army invades Palestinian village, kidnaps residents, imposes curfew. GlobalPost correspondent James Foley, and 3 other foreign journalists, have been detained by forces loyal to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi Saudis So Unhappy' With Obama They Sent Emissaries to China, Russia Seeking Enhanced Ties Harsh confrontation between IDF soldiers, Israeli leftist protesters Mau Mau compensation case to begin Four Kenyans who allege they were tortured during the suppression of the Mau Mau uprising are starting legal proceedings against the UK government. Afghan Mob Kills 10 UN Workers (to protest Koran
burning by Florida Pastor Terry Jones) Saudis admit they supported Libya attack to mute US criticism of Bahrain AC/DC's drummer Phil Rudd has his marijuana conviction overturned because it would affect his globetrotting lifestyle World's largest concretepump, with 70foot boom, en route to Fukushima. Our understanding is, they are preparing to go to next phase and it will require a lot of concrete. As panicked buzzwords like radiation and meltdown are being thrown around, many have forgotten what the real disaster is here. Fukushima Mother 'They Have Accepted They Will All Probably Die.' The Fukushima workers, it turns out, aren't talking because they've been asked not to Workers At Japanese Nuclear Plant Expect to Die. Siege begins at presidential palace in UNbacked, mediaignored forgotten revolution in Ivory Coast Russian President Medvedev to Tests Limits of Power With Plan to Oust Putin Allies
  High Radiation Level Readings Were NOT An Error Radioactivity surges again at Fukushima  Federal Reserve lent money to Gaddafi's bank during econ crisis France ditches carbon tax as social protests mount. A Koranburning by a Florida pastor two weeks ago reportedly sparked a protest today in Kabul that resulted in the deaths of 10 U.N. workers, including possibly the leader of the U.N. mission. Jumpers offered big money to brave Japan's nuclear plant France's 101st, in the Indian Ocean...  India 'to surpass China in population growth' Entomb? Cement pumps flown in to nuke plant.
Same company that helped seal in Chernobyl is sending equipment  Dog rscud aftr floating for 3 wks aftr tsunami Chinese authorities found three companies linked to Google Inc that broke tax rules and are investigating possible tax avoidance Gadafi's forces are winning on the ground, but key 
ministers are defecting. Why? 7 civilians have been killed and 25 hurt after a coalition air strike in eastern Libya, a doctor has told the BBC. Women vie for votes in Nigeria Crews 'facing 100year battle' at Fukushima. ...one expert says the radiation leaks will be ongoing and it could take 50 to 100 years before the nuclear fuel rods have completely cooled and been removed. 180 Japanese who volunteered for the 'suicide mission' to try and save the Tukushima nuclear station from meltdown. These guys..these guys are true heroes. Dr. Michio Kaku says three raging meltdowns under way at Fukushima. Those books found in cave in Jordan labeled most important find in Christian history are actually forgeries created within the last 50 years This is appalling and unacceptable Father of alleged Libyan rape victim, Eman alObeidy, says she is still missing. Royal Navy medic who 'conscientiously objected' to Afghan war after reading files on WikiLeaks, faces court martial Brazil banks sued for Amazon deforestation Brazil's biggest bank  the staterun Banco do Brasil  is being sued for allegedly funding deforestation in the Amazon.  Protesters return to Egypt's Tahrir square Japan tsunami dog rescued after three weeks at sea In the UK, unemployment centers are tasked with tricking people into losing benefits At least 800 people were killed in one city alone in Ivory Coast earlier this week, according to the International Red Cross. This Attack Is Different  
Kabulbased aid worker on what comes next after mob of enraged Afghans kills UN staff in area considered peaceful. This is not the beginning of the end for the international community in Afghanistan. This is the end. Turkish police raid publishing house, newspaper, to confiscate and erase copies of unpublished book, dubbed an illegal organizational document; mere possession of draft book declared a crime Czech Constitutional Court rejects EU data retention law (that requirs ISPs and telecom companies to store customers' communication data for months) Reconsidering the Goldstone Report on Israel and war crimes Japan finds radioactive water leaking into the sea at nuclear plant NATO airstrikes kill Libyan rebels Coalition jet struck prodemocracy forces in country's east, killing at least seven 
Policeman killed in Northern Ireland car bombing. Tepco said the water was coming directly from the reactor and the radiation level was 1,000 millisieverts an hour. The annual limit of radiation exposure allowed for Fukushima workers is 250 millisieverts. The trial of a navy medic who refused to go to war suffered a falsestart when the judge was urged to stand down from the case Mass killings in Cote d'Ivoire UN blames both sides for killing nearly 1,000 people last week in small town of Duekoue Libyan rebels receiving covert training from US and Egyptian special forces Islamic Radicals in Egypt are now leaping aboard the democracy bandwagon, alarming those who believe that religious radicals are seeking to put in place strict Islamic law through ballots.  Experts Scrapping Fukushima plant could take decades Armenia Sinking into Poverty Nine killed and 81 injured in Kandahar protest against US burning of Qur'an, the day after mob killed seven at UN compound Saudi says 5,080 convicted of terrorism crimes The trials of Nunavut Lament for an Arctic nation And India wins the Cricket World Cup Mexican Documentary banning it has resulted in even more people seeing it 
 Wreckage from Air France jet found in Atlantic More than 1,000 civilians have been killed in a western Ivory Coast town Hundreds under house arrest in China and dozens disappear in the past few weeks in what democracy activists say is the worst crackdown in a decade. Scientists have created genetically modified cattle that produce human milk in a bid to make cows' milk more nutritious. Israel wants UN to bury Gaza crimes report Calls for shelving Goldstone Report that said it had committed war crimes during its 20082009 Gaza offensive Mubarak has left Egypt Anonymous takes on NASDAQ OMX Group and Sweden's Elite Wallenberg Family Corporations. Koch Industries Registers To Lobby Alberta Canada 
Gov't  Fukushima Workers Muzzled. Distortions, lies, message control, and misinformation from TEPCO. Outrage rising in Japan. List of people killed in Bahrain since 14th February 2011 | Bahrain Center for Human Rights The European Union has found a solution to the problem of radioactive contamination in food. The radiation limits for fish from Japan have been raised 20fold.[Video] Head of Religious police in district of Meccah fired for claiming mixing of sexes is permitted and congregational prayer is not obligatory,  under Islam. Bahrain bans main opposition newspaper German utility RWE AG says it has filed a lawsuit against the government's decision to take older nuclear power plants temporarily off the grid in the wake of Japan's Fukushima disaster. 6.7 Magnitude Earthquake strikes near Indonesia Chinese police detain artist Ai Weiwei A 64yearold cabbage farmer from Fukushima prefecture killed himself one day after the government imposed restrictions on the sale of produce from the region. (Translated) Head of U.N. Panel Regrets Saying Israel Intentionally Killed Gazans Moscow cops confiscate copies of book outing corrupt authorities French forces take over Abidjan (Ivory Coast) airport... Crack under japanese nuclear reactor leaking radioactive materials into Pacific Ocean Dozens of people helped create an autonomous zone in Trafalgar square this evening, pitching eleven tents and establishing a planned 24hour occupation to campaign against government cuts and to show solidarity with arrestees at last week's protests [pics] Turkish nuclear plans on Mediterranean raise fears Mosul Iraqi woman kills senior Isis commander after forcing her to act as sex slave Israel plans to demolish up to 17,000 structures, most of them on privately owned Palestinian land in the part of the illegally occupied West Bank under full Israeli military and civil rule, a UN report has found. Majority of French against easing rules for migrants asking for refugee status Mining industry's new 'coal is amazing' TV ad labelled desperate. Green groups criticise ludicrous Minerals Council of Australia ad which claims coal creates light and jobs and can now reduce its emissions by up to 40% Greek authorities have seized a freighter carrying an undeclared shipment of weapons en route from Turkey to Libya Opposing gay marriage, the Australian leader Tony Abbott faces opposition from his party and family, including his gay sister, Christine Forster Fake Rice made of paper found in China UK to accept 20,000 refugees from Syria by 2020 Giant 'Stonehenge' more than 4,500 years old found buried a mile from ancient stone circle Scientists in Germany have come up with a method for extracting germanium from plants. Nowadays, silicongermanium alloy is indispensable to modern life, crucial in making computers, smartphones and fiberoptic cables. The European Central Bank has refused a request to appear before a parliamentary probe into the Republic of Ireland's banking crisis. The inquiry, set up after the country suffered a catastrophic financial crash in 2008, had asked the ECB to give evidence on its role in the crisis. Israel finds Palestinians with Israeli army uniforms and guns in West Bank counterterror raids Dalai Lama can't deny China central government's role in reincarnation, says China Austria to close borders again after 12,000 refugees enter from Hungary in 48 hours. The Austrian chancellor, Werner Faymann, says emergency measures will be lifted Quebec doctors can now prescribe exercise Huge meteorite falls on earth in Thailand France to prepare for IS air strikes [Canadian] Conservative candidate Jerry Bance caught in CBC sting urinating in homeowner's coffee mug Fire in refugee apartment block in Germany's Ebeleben Yet another settlement for migrants in Ebeleben in central Germany has caught fire. Prosecutors are looking into political motives behind the disaster that occurred shortly after another blaze in a Bavarian refugee home. UN agencies 'broke and failing' in face of evergrowing refugee crisis Russia We never concealed giving arms to Syria Blast reported at chemical plant in eastern China As thousands of refugees arrive every day in Germany, calls are growing louder from business leaders in Europe's biggest economy to offer them jobs. RAF killed Briton in Syria strike  PM Russian Orthodox Extremist Takes Credit for Destroying Mephistopheles Sculpture in St. Petersburg Pope Francis calls on every Catholic parish in Europe to host one migrant family Urban Myth Confirmed True as Archaeologists Discover Hidden Tunnels in Mexico Large Hadron Collider Produces State of Matter Existing at Birth of Universe. Researchers at the University of Kansas working with an international team at the LHC produced quarkgluon plasma with fewer particles than previously thought possible  A young Tibetan who vanished two decades ago after he was chosen by the Dalai Lama as the secondhighest figure in Tibetan Buddhism is living a normal life and does not want to be disturbed, a senior Chinese official said on Sunday. Massive wildfires are burning around Russia's Lake Baikal  world's largest and oldest freshwater lake  for the last month and a half, and the situation is now close to catastrophic. Alberta government bans logging, mining, and oil and gas expansion in Castle area U.S. Warns Russia Over Military Support for Assad ... such a move might even lead to a confrontation with the Americanled coalition Egyptian belly dancers jailed for 'inciting debauchery' Putin proposes new common currency among former Soviet states to replace the dollar Munich mayor I don't think about numbers, only refugees' safety | Southern German city has become a gateway for people arriving via Austria from Hungary and expects to have received 10,000 this weekend Psychedelic drug emergency at seminar near Hamburg Germany. In what may have been a mass experiment by enthusiasts of 'naturopathic medicine', a synthetic form of methamphetamine sickens 29 people and several had lifethreatening symptoms. Israel working to prevent the next Gaza offensive through 'Palestinian relief'  Israel will add power lines in Gaza, help establish many acres of solar farms in the northern Gaza Strip, and more Japan, US agree to conclude TPP early Snowden attacks Russia's online restrictions, curbs on rights Star pupil who scored zero in all her exams  potential case of injustice and corruption. US concerns over Russia 'building military base in Syria' reports Germany seizes fake Syrian passports in asylum inquiry Teen is paraded down the street by police after 'recruiting other women to fight for ISIS' Israel demolished 143 Palestinian structures in August, the highest such total in five years. The wave of demolitions came amid severe heat waves and has left children homeless as they start the new school year 10 million in silver bullion still not recovered after massive heist in Montreal Canada India Muslim Leaders Condemn ISIS Religious Scholars Endorse Fatwa Lambasting Islamic State Ideology As UnIslamic Edward Snowden attacks Russia over human rights and online freedom In pictures Thousands show support for migrants at Paris rally AntiMuslim Buddhist group moves toward Myanmar's mainstream Immigration News Today Mexico Deportation Rate Outpaces US, Most Deportees Are Not Criminals  US News Putin confirms Russian military involvement in Syria's civil war The BBC plans to propose doing a daily news broadcast into North Korea and a satellite TV service in Russia as part of a drive to counter state propaganda worldwide, reports said. El Chapo's son forgets to switch off location data in Twitter picture A 22yearold antiNazi song tops German charts again  to welcome refugees A crater in Russia, which emerged 10 months ago has tripled in size to become a 120mwide sinkhole. Russian president Vladimir Putin has said that Europe's migrant crisis is payback for the EU blindly following U.S. orders in the Middle East. The Supreme Court of Canada on Friday dismissed an attempt by oil giant Chevron to block Ecuadorian villagers from using an Ontario court to collect billions in damages over rainforest pollution Finland's prime minister says he will share his house with refugees Japanese group sues to stop TPP talks Norway's security services have confirmed that Hassan Dhuhulow, a Norwegian man of Somali decent, was one of the terrorists behind a brutal attack on a Nairobi shopping centre in 2013. The leader of Austria's farright Freedom Party (FPO) has blamed the United States and the NATO Western military alliance for triggering the refugee crisis that has overwhelmed Europe. Snowden Accepts Norwegian Prize via Video Link From Russia German Chancellor Angela Merkel says there is no legal limit to the number of asylum seekers her country can receive. Saudi Arabia is satisfied with assurances from U.S. President Barack Obama about the Iran nuclear deal and believes the agreement will contribute to security and stability in the Middle East, a senior Saudi official said on Friday. New solarpower device can conserve ancient texts in India Supreme Court of Canada rules Ecuadorean villagers can pursue a multi billion pollution lawsuit against Chevron Corp Deadly missile strike launched by Houthi rebels kills 83 coalition troops in Yemen. Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Plane 'Landed' On Water, Not Crashed, Investigators Suggest Thousands of refugees take to motorway to walk to Austria from Hungary China backs Putin's idea of developing Russia's Far East Argentina doors are open to welcome Syrian refugees EUs Mogherini fed up with calls to act emotionally to drowned Syrian refugee toddler photo A Palestinian man saved Jewish students from a mob in the West Bank Anticorruption police target more than 20 foreign politicians. British police are targeting more than 20 of the worlds most corrupt politicians involved in laundering millions of pounds through the City in a major expansion of the UKs international antigraft operations. France Confirms Wing Part Found on Reunion is from Missing Malaysian Plane MH370 Jordan has a population of 6 million, but have taken in 1.5 million refugees. All with little protest or mass global coverage. Egyptian billionaire wants to buy island to house migrants. People would rather live near wind turbines than fracking wells. Canadian Prime Minister candidate Justin Trudeau promises to legalize marijuana right away if elected Edward Snowden says Hillary Clinton 'ridiculous' to think emails were secure  Snowden said in AlJazeera interview that ordinary government workers would very likely face prosecution for sending classified emails over personal server. 3 Indians get 20 years in jail for raping Japanese student The U.S. is finalizing a $1 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia Amid refugee crisis, Hungary prime minister says Muslims not welcome Viktor Orban says history of Ottoman rule means Hungarians will not accept largescale Muslim immigration More than 1,000 tractors have rolled into Paris as farmers attempted to clog up the capital's roads in protest of their falling incomes. Syria civil war Russians filmed fighting alongside President Assad's forces Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says the very sad images of a Syrian boy lying lifeless on a Turkish beach demonstrate the need for countries to adopt tough policies to stop asylum seekers arriving by boat. Netlfix Has Apparently Reduced Piracy In Australia I want a blueeyed Yazidi  A teenager describes what it's like on the ISIS sexslave market 300 girls hospitalized due to mysterious gas (Afghanistan) Migrant Smuggling in Europe Is Now Worth Billions  With thousands of migrants pouring out of Afghanistan and the Middle East, the business of smuggling them across the Balkans into the European Union has grown even larger than the illicit trade in drugs and weapons Canada gets a C on innovation report card, corporate R&D lowest of 16 countries Drowned Syrian toddlers' family had not applied for Canada entry More than 100,000 asylum seekers enter Germany in August Nice but dim Posh but stupid children do better than poor yet gifted Canadian Forces have no role to play in Syria, Iraq Mulcair One of the Indian women sentenced to be gangraped speaks of her fear South Korea on the Brink of Becoming a Multicultural Country Russian spy ship off the coast of US sub base Georgia Iranian police to confiscate cars of poorly veiled women, says the head of Tehrans traffic police, Gen. Teymour Hosseini Peru Indigenous Seize 11 Oil Wells Demanding Spill Clean Up The Democratic Republic of Congo has banned a film about Congolese surgeon Denis Mukwege, who has treated thousands of women raped during conflict. There is a clear intent to harm and sully the image of our army. Turkish daily exposes transfer of weapons to ISIS Exactly half of Germans are concerned that the strong increase in the number of asylum seekers is overwhelming them and German authorities, a survey showed on Thursday. Australia wants to join India, the United States and Japan in joint naval exercises in the Indian Ocean, widening participation in multilateral drills as China's influence in the region grows. Guatemalan President Otto Perez has resigned after Congress stripped the leader of immunity over corruption allegations and a warrant was issued for his arrest. Plane Debris Found on Reunion Island Definitely from MH370, French Investigators Determine  French investigators confirmed plane debris found on Runion Island is indeed from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, which went missing on March 8, 2014 with 239 people on board. Earth has 3 trillion trees but they're falling at alarming rate.The number of trees has fallen by about 46 percent since the start of human civilization and each year there is a gross loss of 15 billion trees and a net loss of 10 billion Bill Nye 'the Science Guy' visits tar sands 'extraordinary exploitation' of environment. Everybody says they feel like the tipping points been reached. Everyone we speak with, where enough is enough kind of thing. Two poachers in Kenya sentenced to pay US$1 million each or else face life in prison Ukraine outbreak brings polio back to Europe, 2 kids paralysed The Pentagon is monitoring Chinese navy ships off the coast of Alaska  right as Obama is wrapping up a trip there Venezuela's Unofficial Inflation Rate Is 808% Flesheating disease on rise in Japan  International Unsheared sheep found wandering in Australia was so wooly he nearly died  ended up having 93 pounds of wool sheared HIV Prevention Drug Appears to Work in First RealWorld Test. Gaza schools expel girls for leaving hair uncovered Italian road authorities disown man to build street. But state doesn't recognise he isn't owner any more. Now he declares his own principality. SodaStream leaves West Bank as CEO says boycott antisemitic and pointless. Bali police see tourists as ATMs 'kick them and they spit out money' The Catholic Church in India is supporting some 150 million workers on a nationwide strike Sept. 2 that shut down factories, banks, traffic and government offices across India The Church is in solidarity with striking workers because we are concerned about their welfare. Isis profits from destruction of antiquities by selling relics to dealers  and then blowing up the buildings they come from to conceal the evidence of looting PA officials reject Netanyahus call for renewal of peace talks Hungary will send back economic migrants Hungarian PM Migrant crisis 'is a German problem' India has added 52 million Internet users in first six months of the year Pakistan allows Taliban to meet, choose leader Defying warnings from Washington and the fury of Afghanistan's government, Pakistani authorities are turning a blind eye to a meeting of hundreds of Taliban supporters in Quetta. Obama secures Iran nuclear deal with Barbara Mikulski vote Scientists claim to have discovered the first new human prion in almost 50 years. Prions are misfolded proteins that make copies of themselves by inducing others to misfold. By so doing, they multiply and cause disease. Bill Gates calls for more funds to help world's poorest farmers. Billionaire philanthropist puts focus on protecting small farmers saying they are likely to suffer the most from climate change Australia, Victoria to ban protesters from harassing women at abortion clinics Three arrested in Paris over 'devil's breath' drug that turns victims into willing 'zombies' Hugo Chvez daughter is the richest individual in Venezuela, worth over $4 billion. A Japanese vertical farming company has begun construction on a vegetable 'factory' that is smaller than a football pitch but could produce 30,000 heads of lettuce daily Four months after quakes, Nepal fails to spend any of $4.1 billion donor money 150 Million workers from 10 unions goes on strike today, in India N.Korea would have 'no chance' in a conflict with South US Iceland Caps Syrian Refugees at 50; 10,000 Icelanders Respond by Offering Up Their Homes 'Isis' weapon shipment intercepted by Greek coastguard off Crete Mongolia in for double whammy drought now, dzud next. The drought has wiped out up to 80 per cent of its wheat crop and up next could be the worst winter in six years. German police forced to ask public to stop bringing donations for refugees arriving by train Prime Minister Cameron Rejects Call For Britain To Take More Refugees Iran official We'll bolster our military until Israel is overthrown Hundreds of Eurostar passengers stranded by migrants trying to get through tunnel Guatemalan Congress strips president's immunity  Vote clears way for President Otto Perez to be prosecuted over allegations he masterminded a massive corruption scheme. Migrants using fake Syrian passports to enter EU border agency  A market in fake Syrian passports has sprung up, particularly in Turkey, to help migrants and refugees enter the EU, the head of Europe's border agency Frontex said on Tuesday. Pakistan's ISI Gave Shelter To Mullah Omar, Hillary Clinton's Email Dump Reveals Yemen crisis Two Red Cross staff shot dead in Amran Gaza could be uninhabitable by 2020, says United Nations development agency US To Impose Sanction Against More Russian Individuals, Companies Over Ukraine Ceasefire London clinic accidentally reveals HIV status of 780 patients. The 56 Dean Street clinic apologises after sending newsletter disclosing names and email addresses of patients with HIV.