 Defend Edward Snowden! Snowden is not the one betraying the democratic principles embodied in the Bill of Rights. By exposing the conspiracy against these rights and coming forward at the cost of his career and possibly his life, he is defending them. Kim Dotcom concerns over government tyranny are legitimate Prism concerns over government tyranny are legitimate The post 9/11 security narrative has eroded our privacy rights in favour of government control. Prism should be discontinued immediately Vladimir Putin defends the U.S. on NSA spying programs and drones Thats the way its done in the U.S., and thats the way its done in Russia Afghan Doctor Killed by Angry Mob for Examining a Female Patient Without a 'Chaperone' Turkish Prime Minister issues a final warning to protesters to leave Gezi Park in Istanbul Obama administration convinced EU to drop measure that would have blocked NSA spying Kim Dotcom releases new raid footage captured by in house CCTV Justices rule human genes cannot be patented Hong Kong activists plan rally in support of Edward Snowden Eleven organisations plan to stage march to oppose extradition to the US of former CIA employee behind NSA spying claims Maid dies after torture, weighing 38 kg/80 lb. Turkish PM says Taksim Square will be cleared within 24 hours, lashes out at EU resolution condemning excessive use of force, suggests Israel satisfied with unrest Snowden [I] would rather stay and fight the United States government in the courts, because I have faith in Hong Kong's rule of law. Syrian rebels massacre entire christian village. Snowden Claims U.S. 'Trying to Bully' Hong Kong for Extradition I am not here to hide from justice; I am here to reveal criminality, France Disconnects First FileSharer From the Internet  After three years and millions of warning letters, the French threestrikes antipiracy law Hadopi has resulted in the first Internet disconnection Brazillian journalist killed with 44 bullets We have information that his newspaper was very combative and that he made many accusations 1/3 of All Honeybee Colonies in England Didn't Survive Winter  British Beekeepers Association attributes worst losses since survey began to washout summer leading to long winter, exacerbated by late spring Greece shuts down public broadcasting (TV) Turkey protests Lone Pianist brings welcome calm to Taksim Square Death Toll in Syria Tops 93,000 since start of conflict Afghan parliament upholds right to marry children The government may have not received personal data from the tech giants directly, but private contractors that comprise %70 percent of the NSA may have... Afghan parliament upholds right to marry children Turkish protesters party in square despite ruling party call Syria 60 Shia Muslims massacred in rebel cleansing of Hatla In Unanimous Vote, Russia Passes Bill Making It Illegal To Tell Kids Gay People Exist Germany Demands Obama Explain AmericanStyle Stasi Methods before his visit. World's oldest man dies at 116 years. He was also the only man remaining born in the 19th century. The NSA Has A Secret Group Called TAO Thats Been Hacking China For 15 Years Thousands of Russians march through Moscow demanding Vladimir Putin resign Russia Passes AntiGay Bill, 4360 Famous Norwegian lawyer gets U.S visa revoked by the NSA after talking to his norwegian/chilean client on Facebook about his terror charges against the Norwegian government. 'The worst case of scientific censorship since the Catholic Church banned the works of Galileo' Scientists call for drugs to be legalised to allow proper study of their properties  Science  News Archaeologists have uncovered thousands of Stone Age underground tunnels, stretching across Europe from Scotland to Turkey, perplexing researchers as to their original purpose... Nigerian cook survives two days under sea in shipwreck air bubble Lawyers Rail At Police Response To Turkey Protests Thousands of blackrobed lawyers are storming out of their courthouses in Turkey, shouting about the rough treatment police dished out to their colleagues amid Turkey's biggest antigovernment protest in years. Europe warns US you must respect the privacy of our citizens  EU officials demand answers on what data snooping programmes entail and whether they breach human rights 86 Civil Liberties Groups and Internet Companies Demand an End to NSA Spying EU to ban blocking websites in Europe and throttling by ISPs A small group of civilian police officers staged a fake attack on Turkish police this morning to legitimize police brutality Germany slams US for Stasi methods ahead of Obama visit London police confiscate sleeping bags and food parcels from homeless people Not only did the police not deny the confiscations, they argued that such actions were justified on the grounds of protecting the public from the negative impact of homeless people Turkish media fined for harming development of children, youth (by reporting on the protests) Guardian Snowden considered NYTimes untrustworthy for sitting on NSA warrantless wiretapping scoop for a year Gays and religion offenders are criminals now in Russia. Parents of Navy SEAL Killed in Afghan Crash File the First Suit on NSA Spying Man shot in both legs for disobeying an illegal curfew set by local Muslims in Trinidad For any Canadians who think just being a Canadian means the NSA and PRISM won't be affected, think again NSA surveillance Private Facebook correspondence between lawyer and terror accused client was monitored by NSA (Norwegian, Google Translate) Greece downgraded from developed market to developing market Ukranian President shows off to the world leaders the military ID of Russian soldiers and officers captured in Ukraine | Our neighbour has breached international law and annexed part of our territory.Today a former strategic partner is waging a hidden war against a sovereign state Jamaica Passes Landmark Marijuana Law On The 70th Birthday Of Bob Marley Jordan vows to completely wipe out ISIS Over 500 rabbis urge Israel to stop demolition of Palestinian homes. Rabbis for Human Rights (RHR) say Benjamin Netanyahu's stance is against international law and Jewish tradition. The woman who alleges that she was made to have sex with Prince Andrew when she was 17 has told a court she believes US authorities hold video footage of her having underage sex with powerful associates of Andrews friend Jeffrey Epstein. ISIL burns 16 Iraqis to death for not pledging allegiance Mass breakout from Brazilian jail after female inmates in fantasy police costumes seduce prison wardens  28 prisoners escaped, including the boyfriend of one of the temptresses allied troops fathered 400,000 children in postwar germany WikiLeaks Sweden Tells the UN that Indefinite Detention Without Charge is Fine Uber's plans to be cheaper than owning a car  Uber CEO explains his companys highly ambitious goal to end car ownership in the world Returned German jihadists reveal brutality  SOME 200 German jihadists have returned from the fighting and one in five of them is cooperating with German security services and giving details of the time spent with IS Lebanese Army receives US weapon shipment. The shipment included over 70 M198 Howitzers as well as 26 million rounds of ammunition including small, medium and heavy artillery rounds Jordan ISIS lost 20% of its military capabilities since the start of U.S.led coalition air strikes in September Mexico's President Appoints a 'Friend' as His New AntiCorruption Chief UAE Sends F16 Squadron to Jordan to Wage Air Campaign Against ISIL First stars in universe were born 100 million years later than previously thought. Church of England may sell 3m stake in mining firm over fears for gorilla haven. Move follows film backed by Leonardo DiCaprio and pleas by environmentalists to protect Congos Virunga park. Alarm bells sound over 'unsustainable' householddebt levels in Canada ISIS in Mosul Orders Families to Give Up Sons to Become Jihadis An Egyptian court has set Feb. 24 as the date to consider a lawsuit demanding that Turkey be designated as a state that supports terrorism''Turkey has adopted hostile stances against Egypt after it became a haven for Muslim Brotherhood leaders who face criminal charges in Egypt'' The Prime Minister of Iraq, Haider alAbadi, has called on Turkey to step up border patrols and stop the flow of terrorists as the government in Baghdad is locked in fierce battle with ISIS terrorists Australian Liberal MP's have 24 hours to decide whether Tony Abbott should remain Prime Minister. 36 killed in Baghdad suicide bombings of supermarket/restaurant. Over 100 injured. Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry both met informally with Isaac Herzog  head of the Labor Party and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus chief rival in the Israeli elections Japan seizes passport of journalist planning Syria trip Edward Snowden the whistleblower behind revelations of NSA surveillance Icelandic Legislator I'm Ready To Help NSA Whistleblower Edward Snowden Seek Asylum Germany most snooped EU country by US Why The NSAs Secret Online Surveillance Should Scare You George Orwell isnt who you should be reading to understand the dangers inherent to the NSAs dragnet. Youd be better off turning to famous French social theorist Michel Foucault' Why Edward Snowden's flight to Hong Kong might be brilliant. The NSA whistleblower could exploit a loophole in the Chinese territory's asylum system to buy himself some valuable time. Revelations of a huge, secret U.S. Internet spying program have raised awkward questions for allies, forced to explain whether they let Washington spy on their citizens or benefited from snooping that would be illegal at home. Why Canadians Should Be Demanding Answers About Secret Surveillance Programs 'Canada has similar disclosure provisions as those found in the USA Patriot Act.' After PRISM, 'Boundless Informant' tool comes to light Meet the U.S. NSA's global intelligence tracking tool, Boundless Informant, the latest intelligence secret exposed by leaked information Turkey erupts The new young Turks. Many are strikingly young; but there are plenty of older Turks, many secularminded, some overtly pious. There are gays, Armenians, anarchists and atheists. Technology giants struggle to maintain credibility over NSA surveillance scandal Syrian rebels execute teenage boy for heresy An alQaedaaffiliated opposition group has allegedly executed a teenage boy in Syria in front of his family, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports. The boy was shot by the group for supposedly blaspheming. A senior figure in Hong Kong law enforcement has suggested NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden should leave the city. Microsoft admits Patriot Act can access EUbased cloud data (2011) Syrian rebels 'execute teenager' in Aleppo for blasphemy Canadian marijuana seed magnate and political dissident Marc Emery, in solitary confinement in US prison Egyptian girl dies while being circumcised Experts Canadian version of NSA, CSEC, Capable Of Similar Surveillance Rep. Peter King calls for NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden to be extradited from Hong Kong IMF admits it failed to realize austerity's damage on Greek economy NSA whisteblower Edward Snowden gives interview about why he made his decision to leak. 300,000 ancient manuscripts were saved from rebels in Timbuktu, but now face a slow death by rot Brazil 'on alert' over Ecuador spill Brazil is on alert over an oil spill that originated in Ecuador and is travelling downstream towards the Brazilian Amazon, officials say. A Heros Welcome for Snowden on Chinese Internet Tear gas is a booming business Thousands flee as German dam bursts Supreme Court of Canada strikes down ban on doctorassisted suicide ISIS bomb factory, compound in Iraq destroyed by Canadian fighter jets Scientists have found a 10 million gallon 'bath mat' of oil on the floor of the Gulf of Mexico U.S. considers declassifying report on Saudi funding of al Qaeda As a curfew is lifted, Baghdad is at long last partying again  Iraqi government abolished the nighttime curfew imposed on Baghdad by U.S. troops in 2003 Chinese farmer finds 7.85kg gold nugget worth $250,000 on the ground 10 Million Taxpayer Pounds Spent on Assange Stakeout  More Than UK Spent on Iraq War Inquiry The Worlds Email Encryption Software Relies on One Guy, Who is Going Broke Australian Prime Minister Abbott could lose his position in leadership spill We are upping the ante. We're going after (ISIS) wherever they are, with everything that we have, Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh tells news agency CNN GCHQ mass internet surveillance was unlawful, rules UK's most secretive court. Access to intercepted information obtained by the NSA breached human rights laws, according to the Investigative Powers Tribunal Amsterdam aims to give prostitutes shared ownership in brothels 2,089 billionaires in the world Hurun Global Rich List releases list of who they are, where they live and how they made their fortunes Kerry on the war in Ukraine We want a diplomatic solution but we cannot close our eyes to tanks that are crossing the border from Russia and coming into Ukraine. We cant close our eyes to Russian fighters in unmarked uniforms leading individual companies of socalled separatists in battle EU set to Ban lion hunting trophy imports. Only about 400 lions left in the wild in west Africa. Hundreds of children, forced to work in inhuman conditions, have been rescued from factories in southern India. At least 350 children were removed during raids on leather tanning and plastic workshops in Hyderabad, over a 10day period. They were working long hours in deplorable surroundings Turkey pulls out of Munich security conference to avoid Israeli delegation Wales Says No To Fracking Until 'Proven Safe' Australian prime minister Tony Abbott may be deposed after party revolt. Liberal MP who wants change in leadership says knighthood for Prince Philip was final proof of prime ministers disconnection with the people. Jordan, Unabashed, Announces Latest Bombing Raid on ISIS Targets Even Al Qaeda Condemns ISIS burning of pilot. Russian taxpayers on the hook as oligarchs unload Sochi Olympics assets Fire Your Indonesian Maid Now declared the advertisement for a vacuum cleaner in Malaysia. The Indonesians are not happy. Their ambassador wants it banned, denouncing the ad as demeaning and insensitive to his countrymen. Norway, one of world's richest nations, drops plan to ban beggars Finnish Defence Minister Russian jets not trustworthy Minister Carl Haglund says he does not trust Russia at all and that he could not back Finlands purchase of Russian fighter jets. Top UN Official Says 'Global War on Terror' Is Laying Waste to Human RightsBattling terrorism shouldnt justify torture or mass surveillance Germany is battling a measles outbreak that is 10 times worse than the one in the U.S. Girls can marry aged nine, says new Islamic State guide for women New law in Japan would force overachievers to take more vacation Islamic StateWe will enter Bahrain by arms not passports, and we will behead the King Pope says its okay to smack your children, says a good father is able to correct with firmness Tax havens such as Bermuda, Jersey and Guernsey will have six months to open their books or face international blacklisting if Labour wins the General Election in May, Ed Miliband has vowed. Niger forces kill 109 Boko Haram militants in battle state TV I'm Muslim, I love Hindus campaign will destroy Islamic faith, ISMA claims Two American sisters have been arrested in Cambodia for taking naked photos of each other inside the countrys famed Angkor temple complex, officials said Saturday  the latest nude stunt by tourists to spark anger. Europeans warn Washington arming Kiev will backfire China seizes toilet rolls depicting Hong Kong leader CY Leung  Authorities grab 7,600 toilet rolls & 20,000 packets of tissue printed with his image. Hong Kong's Democratic Party, which planned to sell the novelty items at a fair, calls seizure a violation of freedom of expression. ISIS Claims American Hostage Killed by Jordanian Retaliation Bombings White House Considers Declassifying 28 Pages on Alleged Saudi Government Role in 9/11 Kim Jongun executes deputy for disagreeing with him 16 Year Old Girl Killed, 4 People Injured in Terrorist Bombing in Alexandria, Egypt. Mexican Social Activist Found Dead in 'Political Crime' CNN Merkel 'We want to shape security with Russia' World's biggest sovereign wealth fund dumps dozens of coal companies In Historic Ruling, U.K. Surveillance Secrecy Declared Unlawful In Latest Vindication of Snowden, Court Rules UK Mass Surveillance Illegal 'We must not allow agencies to continue justifying mass surveillance programmes using secret interpretations of secret laws,' said Privacy International director Eric King U.S. and U.Ks Sharing of Mass Surveillance Intel Ruled Unlawful Explosion rocks Gaza in apparent assassination attempt Vehicle of senior Hamas official blown up by Palestinian assailants in sign of increasing instability in the Strip Six residents of the United States were indicted Friday on terrorism charges involving the Islamist terror group ISIS Obama U.S. should not 'overreach' in overseas conflicts Draft of Arrest Warrant for Argentine President Found at Dead Prosecutors Home New allegations of Saudi involvement in 9/11 ISIS Burns Jordanian Pilot Alive Jordan executes two Iraqi militants in response to pilot's death. The US has lost control of 400 million dollars worth of weapons in Yemen Jets bomb Boko Haram in Nigeria's first major offensive Taiwan TransAsia plane crashlands in Taipei river ISIS captors 'didn't even have the Quran,' says former hostage Jordan to execute within hours jailed woman militant it had sought to swap for pilot killed by Islamic State Isis set up giant screens in Raqqa showing Jordanian pilot burning to death cheered on by crowds Putin asks Ukraine to repay a $3 billion loan because Russia needs the money to fight its financial crisis ISIS throws gay Syrian man seven stories; the man survives, but is then stoned to death The head of Sunni Islams most respected seat of learning has expressed his outrage over the purported burning to death by the Islamic State group of a captured Jordanian pilot, calling for the killing, crucifixion or chopping off the limbs of the militants. Saudi prince to hunt rare bird in Chagai, Pakistan despite court ban . Poland ready to sell weapons to Ukraine 'Missing Oil' from 2010 BP Spill Found on Gulf Seafloor. China to ban Internet parody accounts, enforce realname registration. Sheikh of AlAzhar calls to kill, crucify and dismember 'satanists of ISIS' North Korea Threatens US With 'Final Doom' Russia announces plans for joint military drills with North Korea Moussaoui, former Al Qaeda Member, Calls Saudi Princes Patrons of Al Qaeda Jordan will execute female failed sucide bomber on Wednesday After ISIS execution, angry King Abdullah quotes Clint Eastwood to U.S. lawmakers At least four people are reported dead after a shell hit a hospital in the rebelheld city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine. Hamas Claims Egypt Opened Fire on its 'Military Posts' in Gaza. Jordan carries out air strikes in Iraq, killing 55 IS militants Russian woman faces 20 years in prison for revealing Russian forces to be deployed to the Ukraine No, Jordan's King Abdullah II is not personally flying planes against ISIS Edward Snowden Is More Admired than President Obama in Germany and Russia ISIS Treasurer Reportedly Steals $1M From Group, Flees To Turkey UN claim ISIS selling, crucifying, burying children alive in Iraq Kurdish president we are ready to go into the final war against ISIS Great Barrier Reef set for surprise electoral win. Labor opposition's pledges include a save the reef policy that would remove subsidies for coal mines in the Galilee Basin Scientists crack the code of viral replication, which may lead to erradication of the common cold. Half of Danes want to limit [the number of] Muslims in Denmark Japan is considering making it compulsory for workers to take at least five days paid holiday a year, in a bid to lessen the toll on mental and physical health in a country famed for its long hours. Norway planning to criminalize not only beggars, but also those who help them in any way. Pentagon 2008 study claims Putin has Asperger's syndrome Argentina's President, Christina Fernandez, mocks Chinese for inability to pronounce R on her visit to China. Russian Inflation Soars to Staggering 15 Percent 4,000Strong Christian Militia Formed to Fight ISIS in Northern Iraq It would take 100,000 ground troops to effectively respond to ISIS, says CIA insider Westerners join Kurds fighting IS ISIS Selling, Crucifying Children Isis dares Jordan to avenge their pilot Hamas leader calls for Lebanon, Syria branches to attack Israel Pope Orders Bishops to Comply With Sex Abuse Commission The Berlin Patient, first and only person cured of HIV, speaks out  Medical News Today Ross Ulbricht Convicted of Running Silk Road as Dread Pirate Roberts Islamic State executes three of its Chinese militants China paper Westminster child abuse scandal KGB and CIA kept secret dossiers on Britain's VIP paedophiles; Both Russian and US intelligence knew about a group of powerful paedophiles operating in Britain and the KGB hoped to blackmail them in exchange for information A new guard for Asgard Iceland building first temple to Norse gods in 1,000 years Pagan priest wants the theft of a statue of the Irish God of the Sea 'Manannn Mac Lr' to be treated as a hate crime 'Suppressed' EU report could have banned pesticides worth billions  Science paper recommended ways of identifying hormonemimicking chemicals in pesticides linked to foetal abnormalities, genital mutations, infertility and other diseases including cancer The 4 surviving copies of the 1215 Magna Carta brought together for 1st time in London for 800th anniversary  It's one of the 1st steps towards parliamentary democracy & includes the principle that no one was above the law, including the king Tech pioneer Phil Zimmermann calls David Cameron's antiencryption plans 'absurd'  PGP inventor rubbishes Tory plans to ban encryption and says modern commerce depends on it Endtoend encryption is everywhere now Thousands march for democracy in Hong Kong ISIS getting 'desperate,' struggling to replenish fighters, says USbased advisory firm Deforestation of the Amazon linked to Brazil's worst drought in history, causing many cities to start enforcing severe water rationing Mugabe Dismisses MaleFemale Equality Its not possible that women can be at par with men, said the incoming chairman of the African Union, Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe. Complaints against police reach a record high American employee of Israeli defense firm Elbit mysteriously dies in Saudi Arabia. Saudi authorities say Chris Cramer committed suicide, but family insists he was murdered. South Korea Wants Japan to Apologize to WWII Sex Slaves Less Than A Week After Failing Last Attempt, UK Lords Try To Sneak Through Snooper's Charter Once Again ISIS Is Handing Out Stolen U.N. Humanitarian Aid With Its Own Logo The proRussian separatist leader in eastern Ukraine's rebel hub of Donetsk vowed Monday to mobilize 100,000 fighters for their latest offensive against Kiev forces. Obama Greece needs growth, not more austerity One of two Russian bombers carried a nuke while flying over the English Channel  British MoD source SpaceX and Google form joint partnership to bring Internet access to the world Tens of thousands of longtime Palestinian refugees in a camp on the outskirts of the Syrian capital have been cut off from United Nations emergency aid for nearly two months by armed groups that are preventing access Fire Guts Major Russian Library, Destroying Millions of Books, documents  Vladimir Fortov, president of Russian Academy of Sciences', compares it to a cultural Chernobyl 8,700 people file lawsuit against Japanese newspaper's articles on 'Sex Slaves' of World War II arguing that they damaged Japanese people's personal rights and honour Michelangelo bronzes discovered. US considers providing arms to Ukraine as rebels step up attacks, says report Syrizaled Greek parliament will never ratify TTIP NASA is planning a mission to Europa, one of the best candidates for alien life Twoyearold Indian boy's heart beats in that of a Russian child  India's first paediatric heart transplant performed Over 100 drugged and raped in Japan fake clinical study CCTV footage exposes slaughterhouse cruelty Sheep are punched, kicked and thrown in the secretly recorded video that has prompted an FSA investigation. Campaigners and MPs are calling for CCTV cameras at every abattoir after footage revealed extreme animal cruelty at a halal slaughterhouse. Worlds most expensive drug  which costs up to $700,000 per year  too expensive Canadas drugprice regulator has taken the rare step of calling a hearing into what is considered the worlds most expensive prescription medicine, accusing its manufacturer of exceeding the permissible price cap. President Obama US deploying all available assets to free 26year old American woman captured by Islamic State Kim Jongun Says N.Korean Poverty Keeps Him Up at Night French troops kill around a dozen Islamist militants in Mali Their Relationships Are Criminal, But These Indians Still Marched In A Pride Parade Hundreds of people took to the streets under rainbow flags for a pride parade in Mumbai, India on Saturday, despite a law that criminalizes homosexual sex Norway banishes 'hate preacher' to remote village Russia Plans Joint Military Drills With North Korea and Cuba Egypt 'Covering Up' Protest Deaths, Human Rights Group Says 'If Ukraine conflict ends, EU might enter trade zone with Russia'  Merkel Indian administration disconnects power supply to 98 tanneries stopped for polluting the Ganga river. Only 8 of 74 Chinese cities meet pollution standards Canada sends robots to Kurdistan to help clear ISIS mines Police alerted to planned march against Jewification of north London borough Head of U.N. inquiry into Gaza conflict to quit over Israeli bias claim Casualties in shopping centre explosion in Perth. US increasingly concerned that Russia is intent on partitioning Ukraine An entire city is going to be wiped off the map in Egypt  The city of Rafah is to be demolished to make way for a security 'buffer zone' in an attempt to stop militant activity and smuggling. Barack Obama proposes over $1 billion civil, military aid to Pakistan Head of UN Gaza inquiry quits, cites Israel's bias claims over consulting work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organization Suicides in Greece surged by a third after the country implemented an austerity programme in June 2011, health investigators said on Monday Indian government launches its own low cost medicine brand  Jan Aushadhi (People's Medicine) An open letter from the Turkish TV Network , to be closed down tomorrow because it broadcasted Protest coverage Subway Contractor Destroys Ancient TombsWorkers have destroyed over 12 historically significant tombs ( 2,2003,000 yrs old) on China's Da Gong Mountain. Yesterday we were still conducting archaeological excavations, but all 5 tombs were gone this morning. Bosses of collapsed banks should be sent to jail, Chancellor told China executes a Communist party official for raping a series of underage girls, some of whom were reportedly as young as 11 Egyptian President appoints member of terror group that once massacred 62 tourists in 1997 to run tourism region Alan Grayson I saw the secret trade deal (TPP). There is no national security purpose in keeping this text secret. This agreement hands the sovereignty of our country over to corporate interests. NASA announces a Grand Challenge focused on finding all asteroid threats to human populations and knowing what to do about them We need to find all those that might be a threat to Earth Kim Dotcom All Megaupload servers 'wiped out without warning in data massacre' The information stored on the dormant servers  petabytes of pictures, backups, personal & business property  was what Dotcom called evidence in the case US authorities launched against him in January 2012. Senior bankers guilty of reckless misconduct should be jailed, a longawaited report on banking commissioned by the British government has recommended. Dolce and Gabbana sentenced to jail for tax evasion | BBC News A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace Security forces raid homes across Turkey as top officials threaten military crackdown Megauploads former hosting provider Leaseweb has deleted all Megaupload user data from 690 servers without warning. Petabytes of data and backups, mostly from European users, are now lost forever. Kim Dotcom outraged. Tens of thousands of Brazilians again flooded the streets of the country's biggest city to raise a collective cry against a longstanding lament Islamists press blasphemy cases in Egypt. 'Blasphemy cases were once rare in Egypt, and their frequency has increased sharply since the revolution' North Korea has angrily denied a report that its ruler used Adolf Hitler's memoir as a leadership guide, threatening to kill the authors of the report. US President Barack Obama has used his public speech in Berlin to propose cuts of onethird in American and Russian nuclear arsenals. Erdogan Casts Bankers as Villain of Turkish Protests Saudi women activists get jail time for helping starving mother locked in home Suicide bomber, gunmen attack U.N. office in Somalia Cat stands for election in Mexican city Campaign shines light on political disenchantment with slogan 'Tired of voting for rats? Vote for a cat' Syria's Islamists seize control as moderates dither The moderates are losing ground...Small shops selling black headbands, conservative clothing and black balaclavas have popped up around the city and their business is booming. Snowden seeks asylum in Iceland through intermediary Turkish PM Erdogan warns on 'birth control game' unnamed 'they' seek to 'sterilise' Turks with contraception, Csections and abortion China completes internet monitoring scheme in Tibet. Tibetans required to register for internet and mobile phones under real names Protesters in Brasil World Cup website hacked to show the world what's happening in Brazil right now. Brazil is under Siege Protest in all Major Cities. Rio 100 thousands, Sao Paulo, 65 thousands. Brasilia, Capital Congress was invaded. Turkish government threatens to deploy the army against protests and to prosecute doctors who treated wounded protesters in Gezi Park Brazilians spend as much as 26% of their income to ride the bus A quarter of a million people flooded the streets of cities across Brazil last night to protest against police violence, political corruption and World Cup spending. A single man has been standing still for hours at Taksim square to protest Turkish government. Others are joining one by one Iran ready to halt 20% uranium enrichment, West must reciprocate Iran has confirmed it is prepared to halt its enrichment of 20percent uranium, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said, urging Western nations to end their sanctions against Tehran. Bill Clinton in Israel No matter how many settlers you put out there, the Palestinians are having more babies than the Israelis as a wholeYouve got an existential question to answer 98yearold charged with 'unlawful execution, torture' of Jews during World War II Brazil protests over World Cup costs spread nationwide Turkey A Weekend of Police Abuse Many Protesters Arrested; Hospital Targeted  detailed report from Human Rights Watch Obama's Soft Totalitarianism Europe Must Protect Itself from America 'In a letter sent today to the US Congress, an international coalition of nonprofit organizations called upon the U.S. government to protect the privacy and freedoms of not only its citizens, but of people everywhere.' New Snowden leak NSA, Britain's GCHQ, eavesdropped on foreign leaders Pirate Bay founder Gottfrid Svartholm will be extradited to Denmark where he faces several new hacking charges. Pregnant Muslim woman loses baby after being kicked for wearing Islamic veil Kerry quietly releases $1.3bn military aid package for Egypt Barbra Streisand Women shouldn't sit in back of bus in Israel Orthodox Jews in Israel shouldn't treat women as second class citizens Brazil's Poor Pay World Cup Penalty Inside the stadium, president Dilma Roussef was booed as she inaugurated the BrazilJapan match. Russian parliament passes antihomosexual laws Brazil is, right now, facing numerous and pacific protests in its main cities (Rio, So Paulo, Braslia etc.). Millions in the streets demanding an efficient and less corrupt government. Kim Jong Un distributed copies of Mein Kampf to senior officials, ordered them to study the Third Reich 'in depth' and 'that practical applications be drawn from it' Governement working on draft to restrict social media in Turkey 'World Heritage Sites' Wants Drilling & Oil Exploration Banned in Gorilla Sanctuary  It's 1 of the last places on Earth you should go looking for oil. Virunga National Park is Africas oldest & has the most species. Permits are held by international conglomerates, including French Total. Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe vows to make 'hell' for gays and lesbians, says they'll 'rot in jail' if he's reelected New comet discovered predicted to blaze brighter than the full moon next year 1.5 Million March in Barcelona demand independence from Spain over austerity, unemployment, Euro.  A Hong Kong tycoon has offered a $65 million 'marriage bounty' to any man who can win the heart of his lesbian daughter, a report said Wednesday [26 September 2012]. 13 year old Filipino homeless boy wins $130,000 peace prize  Spanish Congress surrounded... Spain in full revolt over Austerity ?  Switzerland Questions Crazy Hollywood Claims About File Sharing... Ends Up On Congressional Watchlist Massive protest in Spain outside of the congress building.  Spain police fire rubber bullets at Madrid protest Iran develops drone planes, possibly from downed American drone French President Franois Hollande tells UN to decriminalize homosexuality around the world AntiIslam film had 'nothing to do with' US Consulate attack Libyan president Russia suspends import, use Of GM Corn made by Monsanto following a study's allegations that the crop causes cancer Statistical model suggests widespread fraud in Russian election Woman raped by police officers prosecuted for indecency, in Tunisia. RBS Instant Messages Show Libor Rates Skewed for Traders.  RBS trader Tan Chi Min told colleagues the firm was able to move global interest rates, according to electronic messages the bank is trying to make secret. Europe Is Taking Online Privacy Far More Seriously Than The U.S.
 Secret POW camp tapes reveal German atrocities were performed by more individuals than originally thought France set to ban the words 'mother' and 'father' from official documents Georgia's Prison Rape Scandaland What It Says About the Rose Revolution  Outrage leads Stockholm library to drop Tintin ban  The Local 'Occupy Congress' violence at protest in Madrid Six in 10 Mexican prisons are selfgoverned by prison gangs or drug cartels, a new report claims.  Australian troops dying in Afghanistan to defend American prestige & it's difficult to justify continued involvement in the war, says former finance minister Lindsay Tanner, adding that Australia should've withdrawn long ago.  An Oregon inmate, Bobby Jack Fowler, who died in 2006 has been confirmed as the killer of a 16yearold B.C. hitchhiker, and may be responsible for as many as nine other slayings and disappearances along B.C.s socalled Highway of Tears It's on. Philippine Central Bank website hacked by Anonymous in response to the passing of the Cybercrime Prevention Bill (SOPA Philippine style) that will lay the groundwork for the curtailing of internet freedom and freedom of expression as a whole President Obama to United Nations 'We Do Not Ban Blasphemy' Slavery Still Exists  Photographs of human trafficking and enslavement around the world WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange lashed out at U.S. President Barack Obama for supporting freedom of speech in the Middle East while simultaneously persecuting his organization for leaking diplomatic cables. Japan may scrap this year's whale hunt in the Antarctic. Uruguay has voted by a razorthin margin to legalise abortion, becoming only the second country in Latin America to make abortions accessible to all women during the first trimester of pregnancy French president tells world to decriminalize homosexuality which cannot be seen as a crime  on the contrary, its the recognition of ones orientation.  US labels Assange 'enemy of state' There Will Be No Bacon Shortage
How a British trade association press release sent the Internet into a senseless panic. PORTUGAL Prosecutor says it's legal to copy music and movies on the Net Red Bull heir pays $97,000 to family of man he is alleged to have killed with a $1M Ferrari Julian Assange speaks to UN via satellite from London, calls for end to 'persecution' It is time for the United States to cease its persecution of WikiLeaks, to cease its persecution of our people and to cease its persecution of our alleged sources Its just amazing how Liborfixing can make you that much money or lose it if opposite, he wrote. It is a cartel now in London. Royal Bank of Scotland Employee New Zealand spy agency apologizes to Kim Dotcom for illegally spying on him.  Cybersex now illegal in the Philippines, with penalties higher than some child pornography charges. Expressing your opinion on the internet could be punishable by law. No fix for 'Jesus rifles' deploying to Afghanistan  U.S. military issued rifle scopes bearing New Testament Bible verses still in circulation years after correction was ordered Radical Muslim being prosecuted for violating Egypt's blasphemy laws by tearing up an English copy of the Bible Japan hangs cult leader responsible for 6 murders Libyan who captured Qaddafi tortured, killed
 Nuclear hypocrisy in Middle East? Does Israel enjoy a double standard when it comes to nuclear ambitions in the Middle East? A First Victory for Tunisian Women, The Term Complementary to Men, Replaced with Equality in Controversial Article of the New Constitution. Aussie Aid Worker's Family Angry With  Foreign Affairs Dept   
Mother of aid worker wants help freeing daughter, who was stopped at Libya airport for questioning.  Though not arrested, she can't leave.  Her family thinks it's connected to rumors she was sexually assaulted by a Libyan official. Pope is both victim and supreme judge in trial of exbutler accused of leaking documents BBC News  North Korea's Ryugyong 'Hotel of Doom' pictures released Testing is complete on a laundry detergent additive that will enable your clothes to remove nitrogen oxide traffic pollution from the air in a bid to reduce asthma and other respiratory problems in cities Backlash to the Backlash; Muslim Moderates are fighting back  Tom Friedman After 11 years in Guantanamo, a man who was never charged with any crime, and was recommended twice for release has been found dead. This week, the United Nations will consider criminalizing Blasphemy in response to growing pressure from the Muslim World.  Egyptian atheist arrested on blasphemy charges, after being molested by an angry mob. The relaxation of cannabis laws shows the failure of the war on drugs Uruguay's president, realising that prohibition has failed, wants to go further than others by legalising cannabis Several faith leaders across England have told people with HIV to stop taking their lifesaving drugs. 27Year old in Greece arrested For blaspheming a monk on Facebook. The arrest was agitated by the neonazi political party Golden Dawn. Bo Xilai scandal The Chinese police chief who blew the whistle on the murder of Neil Heywood, toppling one of China's most prominent political families, has been sentenced to 15 years in prison The drugs don't work a modern medical scandal Report Riots break out at Foxconn factory in China Japan protests as Chinese ships enter disputed waters Father sells off rape victim following village meeting Google and Gmail blocked in Iran as it moves to establish a nationwide intranet 79 Irish politicians have signed a statement supporting the SV Estelle, a ship now on its way to break Israels blockade of Gaza and call for immediate end to the siege. Kim Dotcom was illegally spied on by Agency. Report Iran mulls 'preemptive attack' against Israel; commander warns of 'World War III' Everything a Chinese family owns lined up in a row and photographed.  New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has called for an inquiry into the possible unlawful interception of Kim Doctomrelated communications by members of the NZ intelligence community More than 1,000 people are now being killed in Syria every week Eyes wide shut, world watches Syria bleed Iran set to block access to Google Germany Losing Patience With Spain as EU Warns on Crisis  Bloomberg North Korea plans to allow farmers to keep more of their produce in an attempt to boost agricultural output, a source with close ties to Pyongyang and Beijing said, in a move that could boost supplies, help cap rising food prices and ease malnutrition. 
Kim Dotcom New Zealand to investigate unlawful spying PM orders inquiry into actions of government agents in leadup to arrest of Megaupload founder, who is fighting US extradition
 Outbreak of virus in SARS family has WHO on alert.
Coronavirus confirmed in Saudi Arabia 
Iran Attack Could Trigger World War III With tensions high, US leads massive military minesweeping exercise in Persian Gulf  When Satire Conquered Iran  some vintage Iranian satire Hillary to World Leaders Time for the Rich to Pony Up Their Taxes You know Im out of American politics, but it is a fact that around the world, the elites of every country are making money. There are rich people everywhere. And yet they do not contribute to the growth of their own countries.
 China launches aircraft carrier amid rising tensions with Japan
 Iran testfires missiles, sinks target not far from USled international fleet.  Kim Dotcom hints at suing NZ government. China For Many Expats, It's Not Worth It Israeli envoy walks out on Ahmadinejad speech at the UN but US envoys all stay. American court orders BBC to hand over Yasser Arafat documentary footage.

Ruling raises questions about the ability of the American justice system to seize material held by media outside the United States
 New Zealand finance minister knew spies were involved in Kim Dotcom case. Also, NZ govt signed an indemnity order which makes taxpayers liable for all costs should the Megaupload millionaire choose to sue over illicit eavesdropping. 'US drone attacks are counterproductive and terrorise civilians'  Telegraph Man sentenced to one year in prison for insulting Turkish president on Facebook Bogota mayor Gustavo Petro wants to construct centers where drug addicts can consume drugs and receive treatment as part of a wider strategy to curb drugrelated crime. Abu Hamza concerns raised by Queen The backbone of Africa Entrepreneurs who refuse to quit  Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak likes Australia's national broadband network so much, hes applying for citizenship Walmart Took Over Chile In Only Three Years And Other Countries Are Terrified Russia to Base MIG31s in the Arctic to defend against attacks from the north. China Tells Japan to Abandon Illusion  Vice Foreign Minister Zhang Zhijun says China will absolutely not tolerate any unilateral action by the Japanese that infringes on China's sovereignty, after a longrunning dispute over the Diaoyu islands caused street protests across China.  Japanese companies restore their operations in China Greece's Debt shortfall is a whopping 20 billion  far more than assumed. Austerity drives Britain to share embassies with Canada ProIsrael message which uses the dichotomy of civilized man vs. savage approved for New York City Metro transit.  Bare breasts, heads high  The women of the Femen association, noted for their barebreasted feminist demonstrations, are the bestknown activists in Ukraine. But some, such as Inna Shevchenko, have been pressured into leaving the country.  Untouchable no more  Al Jazeera's The stream looks at caste and the reservation system.  This is how Day of the Triffids started...Meteors spotted across British skies Loose Nuke Smugglers Caught With Uranium  ABC News A synchronized, 1 million person toilet flush is planned to clear a backedup sewer system in Zimbabwe Hundreds of prodemocracy demonstrators marched in Benghazi and overtook the headquarters of a radical Islamist group tied to the attack. In Quebec It's Official Mass Movement Leads to Victory for Students '...newly elected Premier Pauline Marois announced that the government was cancelling the proposed tuition hike that led to the student uprising and nullifying the contentious Bill 78 law.' Libyans march against militias. Around 30,000  marched through Benghazi on Friday in an unprecedented protest to demand the disbanding of powerful militias in the wake of last week's attack that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans. Muslim, let's get naked Ukrainebased activist group Femen Opens First Office Abroad in Paris. For the opening, the women ran halfnaked through a predominantly Muslim neighborhood in the French capital. Cenk Iceland Arresting Bankers Works! Economy Growing Faster Than EU Now EU Officials Propose Internet Cops On Patrol, No Anonymity & No Obscure Languages (Because Terrorism!) Facebook party invite sparks riot in Haren, Netherlands Salman Rushdie on protests Whats happening is a product of the outrage machine. Yes, theres this stupid film...and the correct response to a stupid film on YouTube is to say its a stupid film on YouTube, and get on with your life. gangnam danceoff leads to gang war in Bangkok Pakistan government minister announces $100,000 bounty on antiIslam filmmaker  Publishing of Japanrelated books banned in Beijing, China Australian church admits child sex abuse  the Roman Catholic Church in the Australian state of Victoria confirms that more than 600 children have been sexually abused by priests since the 1930s. Protesters seek to disband Libya militias  Protesters mourned the killing of the US envoy, waving signs that read, The ambassador was Libya's friend and Libya lost a friend. Judge who sentenced woman to 8 years in prison for performing her own late stage abortion is linked to conservative Christian charity Prodemocracy protesters overtake Islamist group's HQ in Benghazi Dying for Ivory  In response to a massive rise in demand, poachers have eliminated two rhino subspecies and nearly a third species, killed 25000 African elephants, and sparked violent conflicts with rangers.  The clock is ticking on the world's remaining megafauna.   Shell sues Greenpeace to stop Arctic protests 330 military officers, including the former air force and navy chiefs, found guilty of plotting to overthrow the Islamicbased Turkish government in 2003, in a case that has helped curtail the militarys hold on politics. Iraq has denied permission to a North Korean plane bound for Syria to pass through Iraqi airspace on Saturday because it suspects it could be carrying weapons, a senior official said on Friday. 19 Reported Dead in Pakistan at the end of the Day of love for the Prophet, the protest day that was sanctioned by the government itself Chuck Norris bridge denied Slovakia govt favors history name over populism The Catholic Church in one Australian state has revealed that at least 620 children have been abused by its clergy since the 1930s Iran blamed for cyberattacks on U.S. banks and companies  The Washington Post Afghanistan banned all Pakistani newspapers from entering the country on Friday to block the Taliban from influencing public opinion Mes Aynak, site of the Buddhist statues, has survived for thousands of years from looters and even the Taliban but a Chinese mining company is set to destroy it this December India slowly confronts epidemic of missing children  Every six minutes, a child goes missing in India. Wikipedia honcho caught in scandal quits, defends paid edits Highplaced editors at Wikipedia's U.K. site were caught in a simmering paidPR scandal. After news broke, one resignation and a little backpedaling has done little to solve the problem The drugs don't work a modern medical scandal Italys highest criminal court upheld the guilty verdict of 23 Americans in connection with the CIAs extraordinary rendition program. Iranian Women Banned From 77 College Majors, Including Accounting, Counselling, & Engineering  International rights groups protest as 36 universities begin the ban, raising questions about the rights of women to education in Iran Iran discovered listening device near nuclear site  disguised as a rock 
UK Crackdown On Millionaires Who Dodge Taxes The wealthiest did best in the boom years and it is right they should pay more now, says the Treasury Chief Secretary Australian Catholic Church admits child abuse  State of Victoria confirms that more than 600 children have been sexually abused by Catholic priests since the 1930s. Cranks and crazies have taken over GOP Australian official The United States has denied visas to about 20 Iranian government officials hoping to attend next week's United Nations General Assembly, including two ministers, Iran's Fars news agency reported on Saturday. Libya leader Magarief vows to disband illegal militias Libyan Army issues ultimatum to militias responsible for Embassy killings Leave in 48 hours, or we will use force Protesters at U.S. consulate in Toronto demand government action against antiIslamic movie  The Muslims, united, will never be defeated, a crowd of roughly 1,500 chanted as they protested against an antiIslamic film and denounced the inaction of the U.S. and Canadian governments.  Valencia A Spanish city drowning in debt which is now running out of prescription medicine Elephants Dying in Epic Frenzy as Ivory Fuels Wars and Profits Most Greeks feel new austerity measures are unfair An overwhelming majority of Greeks believe new austerity measures the government has promised its international lenders in exchange for more financial aid are unfair and hurt the poorest sections of society, a poll showed on Saturday. U.S. bans 20 Iran officials from travel to U.N. assembly
| Reuters Pakistan official offers $100,000 reward for killing of maker of antiProphet Muhammad film  World News When I saw the skull, the hair on the back of my neck stood up   As archaeologists leave the Leicester car park where they believe they've found Richard III, locals are already convinced it's the last Plantagenet, who rode out Aug 22, 1485 a king & returned a naked corpse slung over  a horse. El Salvador in Battle Against Tide  
Rising sea levels & deforestation have destroyed mangrove crops villagers depend on to survive. No one knows how long it'll take before waves reach their homes. Logging has left 2% of the original forests, resulting in flash floods.  Le Pen calls for ban on veils and skullcaps in public   Wearing the full facecovering veil is already banned in public places in France and now the leader of Frances farright National Front party wants this to apply to all veils as well as Jewish skullcaps.  Montreal student protest calls for free tuition  CBC Montreal Spy rock explodes near secret Iranian nuclear compound. REUTERS Iranian hackers have repeatedly attacked Bank of America, JPMorgan, Citi over the past year Uruguay Takes War on Drugs in New Direction state monopoly over the production & distribution of marijuana, making it the 1st national government to sell cannabis directly to citizens Mystery of the Disappearing Bees Solved! Girls Beat Up Iran Cleric Over Dress Code   2 girls clobbered a cleric in a small town in Iran, when he admonished one of them to cover herself more completely. Italy's Highest Court Upholds The Convictions of 23 CIA Agents for Kidnapping a Terror Suspect in Milan  NYTimes.com China's fishing boat flotilla not actually heading for Senkaku/Diaoyu. Fishing boats were actually just going fishing. A woman from Iran is facing deportation from Canada next Wednesday despite new evidence proving she faces an adultery charge there that, under sharia law, could result in her being stoned to death. French President Francois Hollande on Tuesday denounced the unfathomable stupidity of Islamist radicals who destroyed Muslim shrines at Timbuktu in northern Mali.  Israeli air strike kills Hamas govt employees in Gaza Australian Senate votes down samesex marriage 41 against 26.  'Japanese Must All Be Killed' Hate Sign in China Goes Viral  Volkswagen AGs luxury Audi (NSU) unit asked a Chinese dealer to remove a banner advocating the murder of Japanese people Old Spanish Woman Who Ruined Jesus Fresco Now Demanding Payment UN backs naming and shaming of governments and armed groups that recruit or attack children. UN Security Council approved the resolution over protests from Russia, China, Pakistan and Azerbaijan, which abstained from the 110 vote Islamic states to reopen quest for global blasphemy law
| Reuters Uruguay takes 'war on drugs' in new direction The state as dealer  

The South American country is proposing a state monopoly over marijuana in part to curtail drugrelated violence. But it's getting pushback  even from those in favor of legalization. China and Japan Could Asia really go to war over these? | The Economist Why Does China Want A Mural In Oregon Destroyed? Church of Scientology is expanding abroad  this time to the Middle East. Some Religious Leaders See a Threat as Europe Grows More Secular An Australian counter protest may be in the works for the planned proIslam protests in Melbourne this coming Sunday Afghan suicide attacks kill skateboarding children Greek State Tries to Stem NeoNazi Rise  In recent weeks the oncefringe group has organised Greeksonly food handouts & blood donations, & has ousted migrant peddlers from street markets to the delight of local operators & the outrage of authorities Japan wants China to compensate for damages from protests Australian Medical Association president calls for legal drinking age to be lifted to 25 Russia shows USAID the door  After 20 years of working in Russia, USAID officials said they were informed by the Russian government that their services were no longer required. Law bans cybersex in Philippines Egypt's mufti urges Muslims to endure insults peacefully. Muslims angered by cartoons mocking the Prophet Mohammad should follow his example of enduring insults without retaliating, Egypt's highest Islamic legal official said on Thursday Italian Scientists Find 6,500YrOld Filling in Human Tooth Embedded in Cave Wall   While analyzing a fossilized jaw & several teeth, they found a vertical crack filled with beeswax in the enamel & dentin of 1 tooth. This is the earliest direct evidence of therapeutic dental filling. Australia's Treasurer Wayne Swan has launched a blistering attack on US Republicans, declaring cranks and crazies have taken over the party and have come to represent the No 1 threat to the world's biggest economy. Poorest president, the president of Uruguay, Jos Mujica, donates 90% of his salary  France's Le Pen urges ban on Muslim, Jewish headwear Three people were killed and dozens injured on a holiday declared by Pakistan's government so people could rally against the video South Korea navy 'fires at North Korea fishing boats' More than two years after her daughter went missing, a mother spots her child along with the abductor Suspected child murderers lynched in Guatemala [NSFL pics] Sweden's waste recycling program too successful. Imports waste from neighboring countries Pakistani police shoot rioters protesting antiIslam film South Korea fires warning shots at North Korean fishing boats  Muslims angered by cartoons mocking the Prophet Mohammad should follow his example of enduring insults without retaliating, Egypt's highest Islamic legal official said on Thursday French Muslim leader urges calm as Mohammad cartoons republished  The main agency representing Muslims in France appealed for calm on Friday as a new print run of cartoons featuring a naked Prophet Mohammad hit newsstands, raising fears of protests on prayers day around the Islamic world. U.S. Says Disputed Islands Covered by Japan Defense Treaty UAE calls for Middle East nuclear weapons free zone  US ends ban on New Zealand naval ship visits Cuba US embargo failed policy How China is trying to capitalize on global warming Last of Obama 'surge' troops leave Afghanistan KFC closes restaurants in Pakistan amid protests Use of heavy weaponry against Syrian civilians is unmatched by any modern state fighting its own people.  Last of 33,000 US surge troops leave Afghanistan Women raped by Sinai traffickers find help Human traffickers raped Tegisti Tekla often during her long journey via Sudan and the Sinai to Israel. She shares her ordeal to prevent others from enduring the same fate. More Protests In Muslim Nations; Some Violence b'In Jordan, the honor killings that are not Women are murdered for other reasons, but when caught the guilty claim it is an honor killing to obtain lenient sentencing.' b'U.S. Navy Ship Arrives at Georgian Port Where Russia Has Troops  ' At least five people have been killed in another suspected US missile strike on militant targets in Pakistan's border region, Pakistani officials say. b'Polish prosecutors probe possible CIA jail | Reuters' b'Russian Lawmaker Says Moscow to Deploy Weapons Near Poland' b' Petraeus says Qaeda still undefeated in Iraq' b'Stormhit Haitians starve on rooftops.' b'French Government to store personal information on people as young as 13' b'Among many bald statements, one stuck out Israel is now ready to destroy three or four nuclear sites out of 12 in Iran.' b'Euro Parliament ruling means Britons could be convicted in absence' b'Russian archaeologists find longlost Jewish capital.' b'Iran says again it has no plans to possess nuclear weapons' Syria Israel must respect '67 border b'CIA Prisons in Poland a Story of Revelation' Lavrov rejects Cheney's attack on Russia b'On Monday I received my Palestinian citizenship, on Tuesday I was already in an Israeli jail.' b'Taliban trophy photos horrify France' Free gas creates 'chaos'  an EA marketing ploy. I think they need to do it more France stunned at photos of Taliban fighters with 'trophies' taken from 10 French soldiers killed in Afghanistan b'Pakistan Parliament calls for action against future military incursions  repel such attacks in the future with full force.' b'NYC School Teacher Missingplease read and pass along!' 'Commandos nearly exposed in Syria' b'The number of girls in poor countries who marry before the age of 18 will double to 100 million in the next decade' Okay, so it looks like we're moving increasingly into WWIII territory, but does the worldnews subreddit logo have to imply that all world news is about war and violence?  b' Jim Crow alive and well in Hebron' b'Security guards beat man at soccer (football) game, fans and players charge the field and beat them.' b'U.S. Troops cross border into FUCKING Pakistan!! U.S. confirms ground assault against Taliban inside Pakistan. Sept 03, 128am' b'Syria has made an official proposal to Israel for direct peace talks, Assad says.  We are awaiting Israel's response.  The two countries have been at war for 60 years' b'Pakistan condemns US over raid' b'I could never have imagined that they would bomb my wedding party. They killed my entire family. I will never forgive them.' b'Japan Antiterrorism Law Serves U.S. Interests' b'Israeli warplanes violate Lebanese airspace, break sound barrier twice over Tyre' b'Abramoff jailed for corruption' Pakistan reacts with fury after up to 20 die in 'American' attack on its soil b'Before hauling parts of its mothballed nuclear reactor out of storage this week, North Korea notified the United States that it intended to reassemble the nuclear plant' US' Somalia Policy Likely to Bring Blowback b'Pakistan protests to U.S. envoy over border raid' b'Zionism was there to transform the Bible from a spiritual text into a land registry.' b'Will Business Ever Take Human Rights Seriously?' b'Syria makes peace proposal to Israel' b'London brothels offer sex for 15GBP' b'Israel continues to be a favorite destination for the trafficking of women for the sex industry  also known as the white slave trade' Pakistan reacts with fury after up to 20 die in 'American' attack on its soil b'The Second Cold War and Corporate Security (Stratfor Report)' b'Analysis Increasingly, Hamas is gaining acceptance in the Arab world' b'U.S. general reassures Japan over nuclear carrier' b'Junkie elephant gets weaned off the smack after undergoing a detox programme' b'Fears for Ukraine as prowest coalition fails' b'Rallies in support of elections boycott held by Belarusian expat community' b'Pakistan ground assault marks new strategy' b'Israel PM Olmert Israel must prepare now for the evacuation of Israeli settlers from the West Bank.' b'Children as young as eight have been recruited by councils to snoop on their neighbours and report petty offences such as littering, the Daily Telegraph can disclose. ' b'Leading historian issues warning of a new cold war' b'Putin there are grounds to suspect that some people in the United States created this conflict deliberately' b'Pakistan Condemns U.S. Attack on Its Soil' b'Top EU trade official accused of leaking secrets to Chinese businessmen' b'MP calls for new Kelly death probe after MoS revelations cast doubt on whether he was able to kill himself  | Mail Online' b'Russian archaeologists find longlost Jewish capital' b'USA may have to turn keys to ISS over to Russians by 2012' Council use antiterror laws to spy on binmen accused of strawberry pop 'bribe'  Canada's PM dissolves Parliament, calls early elections b'Yet Another UK Data Loss Details on 5000 Justice System Employees lost July 2007, not reported for a whole Year' b'Poles call for referendum on U.S. missile base' b'Solar Trees Blend Art and Alternative Energy in Europe' b'Dick Cheney Another gem in the crown of irony' Terror groups developing 'dirty bomb', say security chiefs b'Iran set to hold largescale war games with air defense drills' b'MP calls for new Dr. David Kelly death probe after latest revelations' b'Bad French prolongs RussiaGeorgia conflict' Israeli cabinet debates motion to limit Supreme Court's authority b' Hurricane Ike sends folks packing' b'IRA intelligence passed to MI5' b'Egypt rock slide toll rises to 31, others buried' b'US suspends economic sanctions against Belarus' b'Nuclear Suppliers Group Backs U.S.India AtomicTrade Deal' b'Mexico Supreme Court orders WalMart to stop paying workers in store vouchers' b'Polish intelligence confirms secret CIA prison facility on Polish soil  BBC' b'Venezuela refuses renewed Drug War cooperation' b' UN to demand Israel pay Lebanon $1 billion. Think they will pay?' b'The US military provided combat training to 80 Georgian special forces commandos only months prior to Georgias army assault in South Ossetia.' b'China's central bank has been on a buying binge in the United States over the last seven years  It is as if China has made a gift to the United States Navy of 200 brand new aircraft carriers.' b'U.K. Environment Minister describing climate change view as a hysterical psuedoreligion' b'UK antiterrorism laws used to spy on noisy children' b'For young Gazans, whats on satellite television and the Internet, on tapes and compact discs, is a window to the world beyond the armored checkpoints and a link to the West. ' b'Kremlinwatchers warn of direct U.S.Russia clash' Bhutto Widower Elected Pakistan's President b'Russia accuses West of warship provocation' b'War on Iran The Perfect Storm from Hell or Kiss your Ass Goodbye' b'US attack inside Pakistan threatens dangerous new war' b'Window on Eurasia Moscow Wins a Major Victory on Pipelines' b'Iran rejects French warning of Israeli strike risk' b' Iran rejects French warning it risks Israeli strike' Australia's $1.2B Desalination Plant Nears Completion  Sudan army 'attacks Darfur towns' b'Chalabi uninjured in suicide car bomb attack on his convoy, 6 others killed' Russia angry at US ship, Cheney sees 'threat' from Moscow AFP Mexico drug plane used for US 'rendition' flights b'Woman locked in cabin for nine years' Call for 'blacks only' schools in the UK b'6 exSoviet neighbors back Russia over Georgia' Sierra Leone declares emergency as Ebola death toll hits 729 US condemns shelling of UN school in Gaza but restocks Israeli ammunition Bolivia declares Israel a terrorist state and bans its citizens from entering the country without a visa U.S. says North Korea should stop 'polluting the waters' with missile launches and instead focus on feeding its people NATO bombed 5,000 civilians in Kosovo just because it was insulted; 27,000 Iraqi civilians were bombed during the American invasion because they posed a danger to the US; there is not a country in the world that can talk to us about morality.  Israeli MP U.N. official breaks down on live TV over deaths of Palestinian children Gaza Crisis Isis Pledge to Join the Palestinian Fight Against 'Barbaric Jews' Pentagon approves transfer of rocket launchers, grenades, and other weapons already stockpiled in Israel to IDF A lake suddenly appears in the middle of Tunisian desert due to a seismic tremor Senior UN Official Hamas Fires Rockets From the Vicinity of U.N. Facilities 3 IDF soldiers killed in boobytrapped UNRWA clinic that housed a tunnel opening Russia regains control of lizard sex satellite Edward Snowden's lawyer blasts Australian law that would jail journalists reporting on spy leaks Palestinian Authority to sign Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court in effort to file suit against Israel for war crimes during Operation Protective Edge. Egypt calls on Israel to immediately stop targeting civilians Roughly 8,000 women in India died violent deaths because their families were unable to cough up the demands for more dowry, according to government statistics American military aircraft violates Swedish airspace Israeli Military Calls Up Another 16,000 Reserves In Effort To Widen Gaza Offensive UN human rights chief Navi Pillay strikes by Israel's military on UN buildings in Gaza do not appear to be accidental Turkish women share smiling selfies after politician tells them not to laugh out loud Israel destroys the only power plant in gaza A winecup believed to belong to Pericles, Founder of the Athenian Golden Age, was discovered on Wednesday in an ancient tomb in Athens Arab Leaders Silent, Viewing Israel as Better Than Hamas Led by Egypt, a coalition of Arab states has effectively lined up with Israel in its fight against Hamas, posing new obstacles to efforts to end the Gaza conflict Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper blames Hamas entirely for what's happening in Gaza Argentina defaults for second time Malaria vaccine discovered US unable to account for $626 million worth of weapons in Afghanistan | The Department of Defense cannot account for 747,000 weapons and auxiliary military equipment. Israel bombs another UN school despite them telling Israel 17 times that the school housed civilians Israeli Official To Obama Leave Us Alone  CBS DC Diabetic ex soldier dies with 3.44 to his name because his unemployment benefits were cut for missing an appointment. Corner says there was no food in his stomach. South Korea sends chocolate snacks into North Korea via balloon Top virologist doctor, Sheik Umar Khan, dies of ebola virus aged 39 Gaza Crisis FarRight Israelis Chant 'There's No School Tomorrow, There's No Children Left in Gaza!' World Faces Insurmountable Water Crises by 2040  There will be no water by 2040 if we keep doing what were doing today. Wind, solar power increase needed to avoid global drought The World's TigersThere are Only 3,200 Left in the Wild Fear of Ebola Breeds a Terror of Physicians  Villagers flee at the sight of a Red Cross truck. When a Westerner passes, villagers cry out, 'Ebola, Ebola!' and run away. Hamas threatening journalists in Gaza who expose abuse of civilians U.N. says more rockets found at one of its Gaza schools Moscow Stock Exchange Suspends Trading Belgium calls for clear labelling of goods from Israeli settlements The space race for Mars is heating up. Russia confirms green light for super heavy lift rocket amid nuclear treaty talks. Russia wants Apple, SAP to cooperate against foreign spying Russia has proposed that Apple Inc and SAP hand the government access to their source code to make sure their widely used products are not tools for spying on state institutions. WikiLeaks publishes 'unprecedented' secret Australian court suppression order Over 90% of Jewish Israelis say Gaza op justified Regulators want bankers to accept criminal liability under new plans Poll Says Around 60 Percent Russians not in Favor of Military Interference in Ukraine Gaza market air strike 'kills 15' Pressure is mounting on France to ban a farright Jewish group, described as violent and extreme by critics, following its involvement in clashes at a proPalestinian protest in Paris and the jailing of two of its supporters over a bomb plot Palestinians accuse Hamas of executing Palestinians CNN Ukrainian government uses ballistic missiles against rebels Iran news agency picks up Onion story, tells Iranians rural Americans prefer Ahmadinejad to Obama 16 year old Egyptian girl shot dead after resisting groping B.C. mayors vote to decriminalize pot Streams Of Water Once Flowed On Mars; NASA Says Photos Prove It A second, younger looking version of the Mona Lisa has been unveiled, and it's also by Leonardo Da Vinci. 1,000 Nigerian Women Are Stuck in Saudi Arabia Airports Because Theyre Not Accompanied by the Right Kind of Men Melinda Gates New Crusade Investing Billions in Women's Health
  
She plans to use the Gates Foundations billions to revolutionize contraception worldwide. The Catholic right is pushing back. Is she ready for the political firestorm ahead? Radical Islamists in control of northern Mali are becoming increasingly repressive, amputating limbs, whipping people in the streets and stoning to death a couple accused of adultery, a human rights group says.  France Unveils Temporary 75 Percent SuperRich Tax Rate German parliament bans using laptops during the 
debates; the Pirate Party brings a typewriter Zinedine Zidane headbutt statue unveiled in French capital Filmmaker behind antiIslam video is arrested  latimes.com Kenya  Captures Last Islamist Bastion in Somalia Spain announces cutbacks, tax increases The measures, including frozen salaries for civil servants and a 9% budget cut for all government departments, are intended to save $50 billion. Panama passes intellectualproperty protection law that would allow officials to fine up to $100,000 for copyright infringements without a trial or civil suit. The legislation is meant to bring Panama into compliance with a U.S.Panama free trade agreement
 a flight of Mt Everest tourists crashes after hitting a vulture, shortly after take off, 19 dead.  London First squatter jailed 12 weeks under new law for occupying flat without permission
 Israelis see no Iran war this year after 
Netanyahu's speech
| Reuters Apple Store Opening Make Swedes Feel Awkward  French government passes a series of tax hikes that includes a temporary provision to tax its richest citizens 75% (!) in order to slash deficit. 'Monster Larva' mystery solved after 200 years  List of Greek politicians suspected of corruption made public DDay for alQaida in Somalia? Troops storm beaches at last stronghold  Top Gear presenters agree to deal for 3 more years State monopoly over the cultivation, commercialization and sale of cannabis has Uruguay's stoners peeved. You really did not manage this well Czech president Klaus to bodyguards after being shot with toy handgun. Science and social science will be taken out of Indonesian elementary schools curriculum next year as they are deemed irrelevant. 
FileSharing for Personal Use Declared Legal in Portugal Survey says 56% of the French think that antiwhite racism is developing in France Honest taxi driver rewarded less than $3 for returning $10,000 Pope Benedict's former butler went on trial on Saturday [29 September 2012] for using his intimate access to the pope's desk to steal and leak explosive documents in what he said was an attempt to clean up corruption in the Vatican. A new Afghan Army manual is teaching soldiers that when their Western counterparts wink at them or pat them on the back, the actions are not meant to be offensive or worthy of revenge. Philippines 'Retweeting' is a crime under new law Kofi Annan Tony Blair could ultimately have stopped Iraq war 4 leopards poached each week in India  Study concludes that around 2,294 leopards were poached & their parts traded over a 10yr period, an average of 4 a week.
This cast new light on the sheer scale of the illicit trade in leopard parts, which has been overshadowed by trade in  tiger parts. Poachers shoot & brutally dehorn 4 rare rhinoceros in India  They shot 4 Wednesday & Thursday, 2 fatally, on the edge of a national park & escaped with all 4 horns.  Rhino horn powder is coveted in some Asian countries. (With Photo) Rat reality show Russian scientists to broadcast GMO experiment. After a French study suggested that rats fed on Monsanto GMO corn suffered tumors, Russian researches plan their own, this time public, experiment. The top U.S. intelligence authority issued an unusual public statement on Friday, declaring it now believed the September 11 attack on U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi, Libya, was a deliberate and organized terrorist attack. Economic slumps in Europe make people question subsidising royalty The US has removed the dissident Iranian group Mujahideene Khalq (MEK) from its terror blacklist US to Iran Stop shipping arms to Syria Australians suddenly richer as statistician finds $338 billion CAIRO (AP)  Coptic Christian families have fled their homes in a town in Egypts Sinai Peninsula, fearing for their lives after receiving death threats from suspected Islamic militants The Window is Closing for Riyadh  
The oil wont last forever  so Saudi Arabias government has to reform its economy if it wants to survive. Tunisia 'police rape' condemned U.N. criticizes shrill war talk in Iran dispute White House Move to Give Egypt $450 Million in Aid Meets Resistance  NYTimes.com Indias heaviest satellite GSAT10 launched Stop calling criticism of Islam Islamophobia France wants to slap rich with 75 percent 'supertax'