 Canada officially in recession Cuba goes all in on English, amid closer US ties  Now that Cuba has restored diplomatic ties with the United States, teaching English in schools will be a priority 11 years in a row, South Korea is No. 1 in suicide rate followed by Hungary and Japan Obama on Climate Change Act Now or Condemn World to a Nightmare MI6 spy Gareth Williams who was found dead in locked bag had 'hacked secret files about US president Bill Clinton' Up to 90% of seabirds have plastic in their guts  Australian scientists updated estimates & say plastic in the ocean is increasing. It's pretty astronomical. In the next 11 yrs we will make as much plastic as has been made since industrial plastic production began in the 1950s. On September 15, a group of activists affiliated with the Show Us Ya Text campaign will converge on New Zealand's Parliament in an attempt to seize the text of the TransPacific Partnership Agreement (TPPA) More than 11,000 Icelanders offer to house Syrian refugees to help European crisis Did India village council really order rape of two sisters? Local police and officials say no such order was given Russia has opened a laboratory in Siberia devoted to the study of extinct animal DNA in the hope of creating clones, it's reported. A rare celestial event is scheduled for September 28, 2015  a total lunar eclipse and the closest supermoon of the year. This full Moon is also known as the Harvest or Blood Moon, because it ends the current lunar tetrad. Three Category 4 hurricanes form over Pacific Ocean for first time in recorded history 65% of Europes electronic waste is stolen or mismanaged  Something stinks about Europes trash. A 2yr investigation into Europes electronic waste found most of it is stolen, mismanaged, illegally traded, or just thrown away. Police raided the offices of a Turkish media group after the Bugn daily ran a story exposing the transfer of weapons and explosives to ISIS from Turkey to Syria ISIS Shows Off Its AmericanMade M16 Rifles If We Rescued the Banks We Can Save Refugees, Merkel Says.Chancellor Angela Merkel said Germany must respond to the European refugee crisis with the same resolve it showed in rescuing banks and her government will spend billions of euros to handle the tide of migrants. ISIS affiliate in Gaza claims responsibility for early morning failed rocket attack on Israel. Rocket fell in gaza. China made a journalist 'confess' to causing the stock market chaos Israeli doctors restore sight to 90 Kyrgyzstanis in marathon initiative Top Chinese hedge fund manager 'disappears' More than 10,000 Icelanders ready to welcome Syrians China stock probes send shivers through investment community If I dont come back, look after my wife Boko Haram on horses kill 79 in 3 attacks, locals say  CNN.com UN satellite imagery confirms 2000yearold Palmyra's Temple of Bel destroyed by ISIS. Thai police give cash reward to themselves after making Bangkok bombing arrest without any help Sometimes, 78 men raped us in one daywe thought we were going to die, says woman rescued from Saudi diplomats home in India Japanese group sues to stop TPP talks  A group of citizens has sued the Japanese government, arguing that the Trans Pacific Partnership agreement would violate that nation's constitution UK Parliament to debate making the production, sale and use of cannabis legal on October 12. Saudi Arabian diplomat accused of raping Nepali maids claims diplomatic immunity S. Korea dedicates $100 million to help poor countries fight infectious diseases including Ghana, Ethiopia, Jordan Indian police say they have rescued 2 Nepali women kept as slaves from a Saudi diplomat's residence. Hungarian nationalist TV camera operator filmed kicking refugee children Frankenvirus Emerges From Siberia's Frozen Wasteland Scientists said they will reanimate a 30,000yearold giant virus unearthed in the frozen wastelands of Siberia, and warned climate change may awaken dangerous microscopic pathogens. Camerawoman sacked for tripping up refugee father carrying his child Opening Syrian refugee 'floodgates' too risky for Canada Prime Minister Harper More than 107,000 sign UK petition for arrest of Netanyahu Queen Elizabeth II becomes Britain's longestreigning monarch later when she passes the record set by her greatgreatgrandmother Queen Victoria. Saudi Arabia Bans National Geographic Issue Featuring Pope Francis For Cultural Reasons Khamenei Israel wont survive next 25 years  Taking to Twitter, Iranian leader says Zionists wont find serenity until destruction, calls US Great Satan and rejects any talks with Washington beyond nuke deal Danish police close motorway as refugees march to Sweden Germany promises 50 Mbps broadband for all. Australia to accept additional 12,000 Syrian refugees and provide $44 million financial aid Chinese imports drop 13.8%, casting more doubts about its economy New law allows Irish transgender people to get updated birth certs Huge Russian military planes land in Syria Europeans allowed to sue over privacy breaches in new EUUS data agreement | EU citizens will now be able to sue over data misuse in American courts, as part of a new agreement on data security between the EU and US. It follows years of concern over the reach of the US National Security Agency National Geographic put a GPS tracker inside a fake ivory tusk  heres where it went Czech farrightist calls to put refugees in former concentration camp Syria Abbott wants Christians, not Muslim refugees Palestinian detainee freed after two days, finds home razed Homeopathy conference in Germany ends in chaos after delegates take hallucinogenic drug Germany to Spend $6.6 Billion on 800,000 Refugees and Migrants Two months after Cecil, outrage arises about South African hunt massacre. Hundreds of antelope, wildebeest, baboons, and other animals will be herded along a narrow track while hunters shoot at them from elevated platforms. Until the 1970s, Western Australia stole the wages of thousands of Aboriginal workers. Its been waiting for them to die rather than pay back. Islamist vigilantes face trial for 'Sharia police' who declared that they would patrol the streets to police morals  The Local Germany New Zealand politician says that country should only take women and children refugees from Syria and that men should be told to go back and fight A former Dragons' Den star has been charged with child sex offences. Doug Richard, who acted as an adviser to Prime Minister David Cameron, is accused of three counts of sexual activity with a child and one of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity, the Press Association reports. Russian Prime Minister orders all gas stations to install EV charging stations Canada clears way for case against Chevron over 'Amazon Chernobyl'  Ecuadorians seek billions of dollars in compensation from energy giant over mass contamination of rainforest Palestinian man gets death threats for saving US Jewish students from Palestinian mob Syrian refugees in Uruguay say they want to move elsewhere Austria says fight against Islamic State needs Syria's Assad Germany could take 500,000 refugees each year for several years, the countrys vicechancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, has said 700 Germans are fighting for ISIS and the number of women joining keeps growing  Germany's domestic intelligence agency (BfV) fears a growing number of women have gone to Iraq and Syria to fight alongside Islamic State militants, its chief said on Wednesday. Left for dead in the Aegean, Syrian teen refugee swims 16 hours back to Turkey Philippines to Roll Out Nationwide Free WiFi Service by 2016 Lesbos 'on verge of explosion' as refugees crowd Greek island  Greeces interior ministry says island of 85,000 inhabitants is currently hosting as many as 17,000 refugees in its capital alone Bulgaria denies air access for Russian supply flights to Syria IKEA's 'Better Shelter' refugee housing units heading to Iraq | MNN David Cameron reveals Islamic State plot to kill the Queen, royals Hit by new wave of refugees, Germany warns EU partners if countries in eastern Europe and elsewhere continued to resist accepting their fair share of refugees, the bloc's open border regime, known as Schengen, would be at risk. Two days after killing 16 soldiers, another bomb attack by PKK in eastern Turkey kills at least 10 police officers Defector Kim Jong Un's days are numbered  CNN.com World is running out of one of the most effective snakebite treatments, putting tens of thousands of lives at risk, warn experts Romania says can take maximum 1,785 refugees, rejects EU quotas b'Australia gets rid of the death penalty for good' b'China to connect its High Speed Rail all the way to Europe.' b'Study finds 55 percent of newspaper stories are placed' b'US backs down as per usual in row with Israel.' b'Mother who killed 6 babies tells court I won't do it again' b'While Finland declares that Internet Access is a fundamental right, Canada is cutting funding for community Internet access sites' b'Monsanto admits their technology doesnt work!' b'As 100,000+ protesters gather in Bangkok, Thai Prime Minister rejects a demand from protesters to resign and call elections.' b'Final destination Iran? | Hundreds of powerful U.S. bunkerbuster bombs are being shipped from California to the British island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean in preparation for a possible attack on Iran.' Obama's patience wearing thin with Israel b'Remember Rachel Corrie' b'Thai protesters have splashed hundreds of litres of their own blood outside government headquarters in a sacrifice for democracy' The world's shortest man, He Pingping, has died at the age of 21, a Guinness World Records spokesman said.  b'The short sad life of whites in Africa' b'Russian oligarch and ex KGB agent Alexander Lebedev to buy British paper The Independent. The Indy, created in 1986 by 3 journalists from the Telegraph, attracted staff from Murdoch broadsheets and challenging The Guardian for centreleft readers, and The Times as a newspaper of record. ' b'Hamas calls for intifada Martyrs by the millions, onwards to Jerusalem' Booming Business Germany Now World's Third Largest Arms Exporter Lieberman who do you really work for?  Obvious not the health of the American people since you oppose healthcare reform.  And obviously not for our Troops beacuse you're endangering them by our blind support for Isreal.   b'How Your Twitter Account Could Land You in Jail in the U.S.' b'Saakashvili Staged TV Report of Russian Invasion   BusinessWeek' b'In a break from the usual atmosphere in the  worldnews reddit, I present possible GOOD news  from Sri Lanka.' b'Krugman to China's Currency Appeasers   The respectful thing would be to assume that everything (China's Leaders) say in public about the issue is a lie' b'Michael Foot, dead at 96, was a class act. An erudite party rebel famed for rousing oratory, he ended up with the magnificent and hopeless quest of leading a split Labour party in the dark 80s. The crowd of mourners were mostly greyold socialists saying farewell to a dream that never came true.' b'Shark fin  A multibillion dollar trade' b'TV news chief kidnapped in Venezuela' b'Japan now has 2nd largest communist party in G8; only the Russian Communist Party bigger. 42yearold worker from Tokyobased transport company Companies are only interested in their profits and protecting their management. They do not care about their staff. They see us as disposable.' b'Boy is arrested, raped and tortured, released, was to be arrested again but he kills himself first...' b'For what its worth The son of media mogul Rupert Murdoch has called the British Broadcasting Corp. a threat to independent journalism. the expansion of statesponsored journalism is a threat to the plurality and independence of news provision, which are so important for our democracy, ' b'The United Arab Emirates has seized a cargo ship earlier this month bound for Iran with a cache of banned arms from North Korea' Bar staff in Scotland to be banned from asking  'Same again?' in drinks crackdown b'After nearly 50 years in consecutive power, Japan looks to dump the conservatives.' b'Jewish groups syphon 84% of the cash from Canada federal funding program for groups at risk.' b'nHeavy debt often paired with obesity People who are heavily in debt are more likely to be heavy themselves, too, according to new research from Germany.' Norway's centreleft govt may lose majority to far right party in the upcoming election  Lockerbie bomber 'set free for oil' b'Giant Burn Scar in Athens, Greece Since the burned land reflects more shortwaveinfrared light than water or plantcovered land do, it is bright red. [satellite false color image]' b'IAEA Iran has slowed nuclear work ' b'Taliban expanding into Northern Afghanistan to counter new NATO supply route.' b'The disease is spreading BNP support up to 15% in local elections' b'SBA Studies Say Franchises More Likely to Fail than Small Businesses' b'Erm, I started reading this article thinking it was about a particular person....' b'El primer refugiado digital de la historia' b'Census Counting Human Population Growth' b'Unilever Pakistan Kills a Young Boy in their Lame Stunt TV Show' b'Fears of increasingly ageing UK population fall as birthrate rises' b'In Somalia, African Union soldiers contend with a vague and underfunded mission with no ceasefire to enforce. Among the troops who have died, some apparently succumbed to illness due to malnutrition.' This is reality. A fairly commonplace occurrence you'll never see on your TV, but might see in real life. It's healthy to be reminded once in a while [NSFW, probably disturbing]  b'Should China promote a twochild policy?' How a Detainee Became An Asset  Sept. 11 Plotter Cooperated After Waterboarding (The Post article about KSM that uses unidentified sources to back up some of Cheney's claims) b'Mossad targets CIA in Gaza killing four. The CIA personnel were traveling in 3 cars, escorted by military vehicles on the main road in Gaza.. The first two cars passed, then the third car was targeted by a massive remote control bomb. Four CIA agents were killed in the bombing. ' b'Courts put 13yearold girl in state care, blocking her from being the youngest person to sail around the world' b'There Are More Slaves Today Than at Any Time in Human History ' b'Gelato in hand, youre strolling down a street in Italy, when suddenly, an attractive woman starts arguing with a street vendor. A crowd gathers as he accuses her of shoplifting. To prove her innocence, she starts to strip...' b'First case of Digital rape in Sweden; 33 year old man sentenced to 8 years in prison for forcing 65 girls (mostly underaged) to undress on webcam, threatening to kill victims family if not complying' WTF?  Iceland to cut public spending by 30% over next 3 years; Meanwhile the Icelandic gov't announced today that its public will be reimbursing the EU for losses sustained from investments in private Icelandic banks. b'Manufacturer of Taser sparks new controversy with commercial launch of longrange version that can be fired from a 12bore shotgun' b'Italian newspaper ask 10 questions to Berlusconi. Berlusconi, instead of giving answers, sue the newspaper.' b'In Soviet Russia... Belarus leader rigged vote to lower his margin ' Thai activist sentenced to 18 years for 'insulting the monarchy' b'Senior Iranian cleric calls ruling system a dictatorship' b'The Pirate Party UK Equating the freedom to share files noncommercially with freedom from excessive surveillance, freedom of speech and information' b'By 2012, every traveler entering the United States who is part of the visawaiver program must have a biometric passport or be forced to apply for a visa' b'State Department staff have recommended that the ouster of President Manuel Zelaya be declared a military coup, which could cut off as much as $150 million in U.S. funding to Honduras.' b'Fins accepting Russian gas pipe through their territory  in exchange for Karelia which they ceded to Soviet half a century ago' b'AlQaeda claims Saudi prince attack ' b'South African soldiers form union and march on government buildings. Ruling regime refuses to recognize union, orders police to attack them, and accuses them of violence.' b'When she fled to the American embassy, the Marines would bring me back home every time, she recalls. I was the wife of a foreign national.' b'Lockerbie is history... There is no reason for people to be angry. Why be so angry?  Seif alIslam alQaddafi' b'If the army, probably the key component of the state, is politicised or at least neutralised, this deals a serious blow to the security of the ruling class. This is why the commanders of the Nepal Army and the rich minority whose interests it serves are so strongly opposed to army integration.' Dutch court takes custody of 13yearold sailor She wanted to sail the world solo... so the court has taken her from her family for 2 months to 'assess' her... Archbishop Tutu to Israeli Newspaper Arabs paying for Germany's crimes Berlusconi To Sue Every European Newspaper He Doesn't Own  b'Refugees Flee as Fighting Breaks Out in Myanmars North' A Brief History of China's OneChild Policy b'Saudi prince injured by militant Claimed to be giving himself up, and then detonated a suicide bomb.' b'Every American should be forced to read and learn this in order to know what was done in their names.' b'Is Yemen Chewing Itself to Death?' b'Swedish court rules The Pirate Bay admins too broke to pay damages' b'Girl, 13, told to delay solo sailing voyage by courts' b'Red Army troops raped even Russian women as they freed them from camps at the end of WWII' b'Why The World Must Boycott Israel, An Excellent Article Written By An Israeli Professor' b'Police may be issued with new highpower Taser' London's CCTVs solve only one crime in a 1,000 b'Violations of human rights Coup protestor gangraped by Honduran police' b'He has been captured by bank surveillance cameras in eight states, sneering and holding a pistol sideways during heists. ' b'1,000 CCTV cameras to solve just one crime, Met Police admits' b'There Are More Slaves Today Than at Any Time in Human History' b'Britain allows taxpayer funded organizations/universities to ban common words and phrases that could possibly be construed as racist or sexist,  for example, black mark, right hand man, and gentleman's agreement.  Ridiculous.' Saving the World's Women How changing the lives of women and girls in the developing world can change everything b'Remember the TortureSlaying of the University of Tennessee students from 2007?  The first of the four defendants has been found guilty.' b'Former Labour MP Tam Dalyell and Edinburgh law professor Robert Black urge the Scottish and UK governments to answer allegations that Lockerbie suspect Abu Nidal was a US agent.' b'UK Royal Mail is to phase out nearly all of the 25,000 bikes used by postmen and women across the country.' b'A Roma (Gypsy) community has been living on a dump in Clug, Romania, for two generations. ' b'Its kinda like a funsized version of imperialism...(new interactive map)' b'Evidence Reveals Libyan Convicted of Lockerbie Bombing Innocent Corporate media in U.S. ignores story that Abdelbaset alMegrahi is innocent. ' b'What are some good/decent news websites that I can read regularly that is not too biased?' b'China First armed police law set to pass' b'Canadian program aims to get mentally ill off streets' b'Japan, out of recession  is it over?' b'Honduran Supreme Court Denies Zelayas Return, Keeping Political Crisis Alive' Over my dead body! UK trying to make plastic pint 'glasses' compulsory. Where will the nanny state end? b'McGill professor caught in ghost writing scandal where articles paid for by drug giant Wyeth Pharmaceuticals' b'If you happen to find yourself in Samoa on September 7th, DO NOT get on the roads  the government is switching the side of the street that cars drive on' b'British firefighters call for boycott of Israel.' b'The men came on three motorcycles, each one carrying a driver and a man on back. They wore masks. Each of the men riding on back carried a small container filled with battery acid. The masked men circled for several minutes as the girls streamed to school. Then they moved in.' b'When someone uncovers an organ trafficking network, the easiest way to reject the claims is to accuse him of Antisemitism.' b'Tens of thousands have watched this video produced by an Iranian filmmaker/activist, where a woman tells how she was tortured and raped in prison.' b'In the midst of its drug war, Mexico has taken a bold step Decriminalising the possession of small amounts of drugs, including cocaine and heroin.' Pirate Bay sale looking uncertain as Swedish stock market suspends trading in 'Global Gaming Factory' shares b'AN AMERICAN citizen is to be named by the Lockerbie bomber as the man who really carried out the terrorist attack on Pan Am Flight 103.' b'UK to share fingerprints with Canada, Australia' b'Is there anything this man can not do???' b'Former Scotsman editor confirms government and CIA influence over Lockerbie investigation. ...UK Government and intelligence services influenced coverage of the Lockerbie inquiry to implicate Iran and Syria.' Israelis Restrict Palestinians' Water Supply Israelis have access to four times as much water as Palestinians due to restrictions b'The eighth largest oil field in the world will be dead by the end of next year.' b'UK to share fingerprint data with other countries including US. They say it will lead to more criminals being caught, or is just another intrusion in human rights? ' b'Tens of thousands flee wildfires in Greece' b'Academic freedom, Israeli style Education Minister slams Israeli lecturer's 'apartheid' oped; BenGurion University president suggests finding another personal or professional home.' b'Contractors made presentations for nanosize drones the size of moths that can flit into buildings to gather intelligence' b'Could we finally see a thawing of relations with North Korea? ' b'It was Abu Nidal, a U.S. intelligence asset, who was responsible for the Lockerbie bombing, not the Libyan patsy Abdel Baset alMegrahi.' Maoists kill five policemen in India's Bihar b'Trials may begin this week for more than 200 people charged with crimes after riots last month in Chinas farwestern Xinjiang region' b'Malaysia Woman scheduled to be caned for drinking beer' b'Israelis harvest Palestinian organs Israel and Sweden in row over report in media' b'French hostage kills 3 and escapes' b'A naked, blindfolded man crouches on the ground, as a uniformed soldier kicks him in the head then abruptly ends his life with a point blank rifle shot. Other bodies lie nearby, their blood staining the earth around them.' b'Looks like that Russian ship was carrying missiles to Iran via Algeria' b'CHINA Human rights lawyer arrested on tax evasion charges  Bet this story will be retracted quick smart! Surprised it even got published.' b'Angry French lorry drivers at struggling company threaten to pour 8,000 litres of toxic fuel additive into Parisian river unless their demands for redundancy payoffs are met' b'Sri Lankan Journalist Ahimsha Wickrematunge wrote an editorial only to be release upon his death. He was murdered in January. This is his story.' b'UK Gov fails at privacy, loses 377K of private data on a memory stick!' Mali's parliament passes a law stating that women do not have to obey their husbands and can inherit property. Muslims flip out. Malian president refuses to sign the law. b'Son of newly appointed Nigerian Ambassador to the US charged with rape' b'New Zealand is running out of space for its burgeoning prison population and has decided to start using shipping containers to house its inmates.' b'London's ambassador to Kabul said Wednesday he expects Britain's presence in Afghanistan will last at least a generation,' b'American's leaving London in droves, We are fed up with all the stealth taxes, the nondoms levy, and now the 50 percent tax rate. Will the City ever be the same?' b'Crazy prison escapes in Belgium' b'In a 1987 meeting with US analysts the KGB foresaw and warned of the rise of terrorism from radical Islam A look at the untapped potential of greater cooperation of US and Russia.' Bernanke Victimized by Identity Fraud Ring, they swiped his wife's purseincluding the couple's joint check book. b'Swedish woman in porn flakes breakfast shock. Yes the headline reads porn flakes.' Khamenei 'Opposition not stooges for Western powers' b'Iranian opposition leaders on  trial for wanting a legitimate goverment, or, apparently, attempting a coup.' b'American songwriter Ellie Greenwich, who penned River Deep, Mountain High and other hits, has died, aged 68.' Iran's supreme leader says he has seen no proof that opposition leaders blamed for the postelection unrest were agents of foreign powers b'China has criticised an invitation from Taiwan to the Dalai Lama, calling him a separatist who wants to sabotage improving crossstrait relations.' b'Black Hair, Still Tangled in Politics ' b'Netanyahu states that Israeli ethnic cleansing/settlements must continue.' b'Netanyahus peace is a cynical evasion' India's population to rise to 1.53 Billion by 2050 b'Argentina Decriminalizes Personal Drug Consumption.' b'The supreme court in Argentina has ruled that it is unconstitutional to punish people for using marijuana for personal consumption.' b'U.S. is 15 years behind South Korea in Internet  speed' b'Kidnapped French agent kills captors, escapes in Somalia  in a good mood at presidential palace after fleeing militants.' Thirty Palestinians killed. Missiles fired at a Mosque. Muslim prisoners 'executed' in cold blood. International outrage and demonstrations? Nope. Why? Because unless Israelis are to blame, people don't care. b'China admits death row organ use ' b'ISP that cut off Pirate Bay hit hard, site is back  online in hours' Channel 4 news reporting about a video of Tamil men stripped, bound and shot in the head by Sri Lankan Army. It's not terrorism if you're the government. b'Lets not forget about Iran quite yet..' b'Swine Flu Ancestor Born on U.S. Factory Farms ' b'The FSA ignored pesticides (the main health issue) in its report on organic food' b'Argentina rules on marijuana use  Its just not right to punish people for marjuana' b'Wave of protest greets Israeli PM. Hundreds of peace and solidarity campaigners have gathered at Downing Street to protest at Prime Minister Gordon Brown's cosy meeting with farright Israeli premier Benjamin Netanyahu.' b'There Are More Slaves Today Than Any Time in Human History' b'The Unbalanced Triangle. What ChineseRussian Relations Mean for the United States ' b'Vereeniging, South Africa,People LITERALLY DIE waiting in line to see a doctor since the lines are endless and the nursing staff just don't care.' b'Israel opens door to West Bank compromise' b'Deaths, Missing Detainees Still Blacked Out in New CIA Report ' b'Brazilian Girl Admits to Killing 30 Men' b'Journalist Stabbed to Death in Democratic Republic of Congo' 'Mexican drug cartels now recruiting hit men from U.S. military' b'A Shocking Look Inside Chinese Fur Farms' China' Young Men Tuberculosis is on the rise in Russia, and only 9% of the country's TB hospitals meets basic hygiene standards b'A horrible return of hooliganism and violence returned to English Football last night.' b'Effective today, Mexico decriminalizes possession of small amounts of marijuana, cocaine, heroin and other drugs' b'Australian woman, residing in Japan was a victim of a violent rape by American servicemen. Japanese police made no attempt to preserve urine sample, sperm or DNA on her body. Why?... because in 1953, Japan agreed not to exercise primary right of jurisdiction over members of the U.S. armed forces' b'Sweden has turned down a demand that it condemn the recent publication of an article that links Israeli soldiers to the death of Palestinian civilians with the motive of obtaining their organs.' b'The head of the Polish army has resigned after a dispute in which he accused the government of failing to properly equip troops in Afghanistan.' b'Iran to allow UN inspectors to visit heavy water reactor.  ' b'A suspected victim of a notorious US serial killer has been found alive and well more than 50 years after her supposed death.' b'Norwegian Towns Sue Citigroup over Subprime Loss. In some of the towns, services including schooling, care for the elderly and even a municipal pool in the frozen north of Scandinavia have all been cut. ' b'Honduras A Chilean photojournalist said about 20 police surrounded him, demanded his camera and beat him when he refused' b'Now the government has released Abdel Basset Ali alMegrahi, the man convicted of the Lockerbie bombing, the appeal he had filed will never be heard by a judge. Was he released to preempt government embarrassment over an insecure conviction?' b'The Xinjiang riots have rattled China so much that they are implementing extra security measures in Inner Mongolia where there is no separatist movement to speak of' b'Sign petition to free Newsweek journalist Maziar Bahari, imprisoned in Iran since June 21 in the wake of mass protests. Bahari has not been allowed to meet with a lawyer, and has not been afforded proper legal representation in court.' b'Mexico decriminalizes smallscale drug possession' b'The IDF Israels Organ Grinder' b'Press chokes on bitter pill of Libyan apology' b'Power hungry Latin American President Pushes Through Constitutional Referendum To Allow Him To Run For 3rd Term' b'The US and UK have reacted angrily to the welcome given in Libya to the Lockerbie bomber, freed from prison on compassionate grounds.' b'The latest British soldier to die during the elections in Afghanistan was the son of the SAS hero who led the raid during the Iranian Embassy siege' b'Russia dismisses Chechen dam blast claim' b'2nd Lead Poisoning Case Hits China, 1,300 Sick' b'Police were stunned when a 17 year old girl confessed to a serial killing spree that started when she was 15 and has resulted in the death of 30 men  that she has admitted to...she started targeting men in her home of San Paulo, Brazil, for money, revenge and justice.' b'Hamid Karzai and Warlords Mount Massive Vote Fraud Scheme in Afghanistan' b'Some people fear the full truth about the Lockerbie bombing will never emerge... nMegrahi 'A convenient scapegoat?'n' b'Obedient wife's evidence in triple murder trial  In 25 years of marriage being assaulted 50 times is not a big deal. ' b'This is how the people of Libya greet the murderer of 270 people..' b'Despite the urgent need for family planning, expenditure on global provision continues to fall, which may make the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) difficult or impossible to achieve.' UK Government says no to a show and tell from the guy who cloned the UK ID card in just 12 minutes. Haven't they got something to learn?  b'Orthodox Islamic school treats Dutch teachers who are not Muslims as inferior beings. They have to have their meals separately, cannot be greeted in the same way as Muslims, and must teach that Christianity will be abolished.' Lockerbie bomber's release agreed b'The Blind Pakistani Cricket team have been denied visas to the UK, after being invited by the English Cricket Council to defend their championship.' Is she really a HE? Women's 800m gold medal favorite told to take gender test hours before World Championship race. b'Switzerland expands border into Italy as glaciers melt' b'If you live in France, chances are you work the least.  If you live in Switzerland, chances are you earn the most.' UK 'can't find' $13bn in military hardware b'After leaving HM Prison Greenock after being released on compassionate grounds, Abdelbaset Ali alMegrahi released the following statement' b'Iran Allows IAEA Officials to Inspect Nuclear Reactor' Blackwater 'hired for CIA plan' b'Is history catching up with Blair? The chairman of the Iraq war whitewash  sorry, inquiry  Sir John Chilcot announced this week that the panel will not publish its findings until after the general election.' b'1,300 Chinese children near smelter suffer lead poisoning' b'Gadhafi wins apology over sons arrest  Swiss president says sorry after Libya removes $5 billion from banks' b'UK minister pressed over Afghan wifestarving law  Is this what our soldiers are dying for? [vid]' b'It does not matter if they are American, French or British, she told The Associated Press. If they are residents of the (Palestinian) territories, then we regard them first and foremost as local residents.  What she really means to say is that they are second class citizens.  ' Students brutalized by security forces during protest against Philippine's president [pics] Secretary Clinton's uncompromising condemnation of perpetrators of sexual violence has not been thoroughly emphasized or analyzed, but sniping has already begun about AFRICOM's involvement in her initiative. 'The godfather of instruction manuals'  The US is not going to stop the production of drugs in Afghanistan as it covers the costs of their military presence there, says Gen. Mahmut Gareev, a former commander during the USSR's operations in Afghanistan. b'Camp Ashraf, Iraq  refugees still not allowed to bury the dead, lawyers barred from obtaining visas, American military witnesses silent' b'Boy, 8, beats wingwalking record [vid]' b'A top Chinese general criticized the U.S. on Thursday for selling arms to Taiwan and accused Washington of only being cooperative when it needs help with international campaigns.' b'German Terror Plot Emerges as Secret Service Game' b'Analysis Lockerbie bomber .... UK and America have different views on release.' b'Scotland needs no lessons in matters of fairness from a country that has been routinely waterboarding suspects in Guantnamo Bay.' Will somebody please remind the Americans that all of the British victim's families believe Abdelbaset Ali alMegrahi had nothing whatsoever to do with the Lockerbie bombing. [Video interview with spokesman for 'UK Families Flight 103'] b'Australia passed law demanding that 20% of its electricity comes from renewable sources by 2020, matching European targets' b'Chile confirms swine flu in turkeys. Too much food in that headline...' b'$10,000 bribe got Iraq bombers past security checkpoints' Russians allege Mossad connection to 'Arctic Sea' seajacking   Paper's organ harvesting article causes IsraelSweden rift b'Nigeria is the largest African source of trafficked women to Europe and Asia' b'Dial 999 at Heathrow airport and you can expect to be treated by a paramedic on a push bike loaded with life saving equipment' b'A federal judge has ruled that the legal team for a Pakistani prisoner at Gitmo can seek to challenge his detention by questioning an alleged 9/11 mastermind, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.' b'A leaking Australian oil well is likely to pour oil into the Timor Sea for nearly two months before it can be stopped' b'Kurdish magazine urges Jews to return to Iraq  to make room for Palestinians' b'Population growth sustains poverty in Africa ' Medvedev's War on Russians' Love for Alcohol  100,000 people in Yemen, many of them children, have been driven from their homes due to fighting between government troops and Shi'ite rebels b'Food writer Joanna Blythman calls for Israeli boycott ' b'Chinese police catch 15,000 drunkdrivers in a week' b'Pakistan Taliban commander vows Afghan fight  President Obama and his allies are our enemy No 1' b'Samoans revolt against driving on the left, may drive in the middle instead? ' b'Greece Fire!  Wildfires approach Athens, hospitals evacuated.' b'Scotland defends Lockerbie bomber release' Medvedev's War on Russians' Love for Alcohol b'When asked whether he would adopt the 2 states solution, Netanyahu's information minister, answered that if Palestinians wanted to call the fragments left to them a state, that was fine Or they could call them fried chicken.' b'In Iran, report of secret burials brings call for inquiry' b'Gordon Brown in new storm over freed Lockerbie bomber' b'Black Site in Lithuania? CIA Accused of Third Torture Prison in Europe  SPIEGEL ONLINE  News  International' b'Controversial Mohammed cartoon images omitted from book by Yale ' It's amazing what people will do for love. A Palestinian woman has braved the threat of Israeli bombs by crawling more than one kilometre through a dangerous underground tunnel between Egypt and Gaza just to marry her sweetheart. South Africa's statutory research body does an academic study that finds Israel is practicing apartheid and colonialism in Occupied Palestinian Territories. b'Iranian boy who defied Tehran hardliners tells of prison rape ordeal' b'How can a graph be so very wrong? Predicting population change is tricky.' America's Most Wanted  The Top 50 US War Criminals. These are men and women who helped to launch wars of aggression or who have been complicit in lesser war crimes.  These are the makers of those policies. b'In row over parking space, Cypriot man aims shotgun at thugs but accidentally shoots his wife. He is beaten up as she lay dying. Police charge him with premeditated murder.' b'Rival accuses Karzai of rigging vote  President dismisses charges of cheating, ballot stuffing in election' b'Afghanistan Go tell the world about our fake election .' His alleged crime? Bribery.  A human rights activist calls the case 'bizarre.'  b'The US army officer convicted for his part in the My Lai massacre during the Vietnam War has offered his first public apology, a US report says' b'John Yettaw, just back from his Burmese prison odyssey, explains how he unwittingly created an international diplomatic crisis' b'Former spy Herve Jaubert tells of James Bondstyle escape after torture threats' b'Uganda Massive Deforestation Fuelling Drought, Famine in Kibaale' Facts on world's water shortage b'Robert Fisk For the truth, look to Tehran and  Damascus  not Tripoli ' b'Global Less money, less food, more hungry' b'Addressing population problem with greater urgency' b'Britain under pressure amid Lockerbie release' b'For the truth about the Lockerbie bombing, look to Tehran and Damascus  not Tripoli' b'AfPak Masquerade The Untold Truths of War' A little detail from the dustbin of history The Soviets were Hitler's best friends until he attacked them and they initially took part in WWII on the Axis side. Over 5 billion of the world's population expected to live in urban areas by 2030 b'FBI Director Robert Mueller  rips release of Lockerbie bomber ' b'Unbelievable Video of Iranian Police beating protesters in the latest clash on November 4. Reddit, please let the world see how these animals are trying to suppress Iranian people right now.' b'Seriously, what a fucking joke West hails Hamid Karzai as 'legitimate' president ' b'Pirate Party Gets Second Seat in European Parliament' I don't see how it helps much in the long run...but really, for a man accused of raping 5 children and leaving one to die in the desert, I'm not going to feel a bit ill at this example of Saudi justice b'Czech leader signs Lisbon Treaty ' b'A first ... CIA station chief and 23 others convicted for kidnapping in Italy' b'In the drugs debate, politicians are intoxicated by cowardice ' b'David Nutt  Gov'ts should get real on drugs ...imagine being seated at a table with two bowls, one containing peanuts, the other the illegal drug MDMA (ecstasy). Which is safer to give to a stranger?' b'Leaked ACTA Internet Provisions Three Strikes Internet Disconnection Policies, and a Global DMCA' b'Kenyas Maasai warriors are known for being fearless lion killers but times have changed and the countrys lions population is in danger of being wiped out. Now the Maasai in southern Kenya are taking part in an initiative to preserve the big cats.' Mariatu Kamara, who survived Sierra Leone's War We're not going to kill you,' one boy said. We want you to go to the president and show him what we did to you. You won't be able to vote for him now. Ask the president to give you new hands.' Jewish settlers aren't just illegally occupying Palestinian land, now they're breaking into Palestinian homes and occupying them too  elderly woman evicted from her home with the help of armed guards b'Italy Verdict expected soon in CIA rendition case where 26 American officials are charged with kidnapping a Muslim cleric from the streets of Milan more than six years ago' b'100ds tons of weaponry, ten times the size of the Karine A shipment of 2002, were seized in an overnight raid by the Israeli navy, some 100 nautical miles west of Israel, officials said. The ship seized was sailing under an Antiguan flag. ' b'The rumors of 25,000 yearly human trafficking cases in UK appear to have been slightly exaggerated.' Britain accused of 'genocide denial' over Armenia b'Mexico mayor Black Saldana, who apparently is the one who was asking for my head, was found dead today. Problem was that the barefoot, blindfolded corpse of Black Saldana wasn't found for another 3 1/2 hours, and he wouldn't be identified for 2 days!' b'An executive has won the right to sue his employer on the basis that he was unfairly dismissed for his green views after a judge ruled that environmentalism had the same weight in law as religious and philosophical beliefs. ' b'Venezuelas soccer team massacre has heightened tensions with Colombia.' b'America is performing its familiar role of propping  up a dictator ' b'Mother Theresa was a fanatic and a fundamentalist and a fraud, and millions of people are much worse off because of her life' b'A video posted on the internet shows Mohawk Warriors using a backhoe to dig up and cart away a centuryold border marker between Canada and the U.S. on the Akwesasne reserve near Cornwall, Ontario, Canada' b'Saudi Arabia  As millions of Muslims begin arriving in Mecca for this years pilgrimage, Saudi officials face a unique challenge how to prevent this sacred rite from becoming an inadvertent incubator and global transmitter of swine flu.' b'... [W]e were told they had sent our children overseas and they would be visiting us every five years. A group of parents in Sierra Leone has accused a charity of sending more than 30 children abroad for adoption without consent during the country's civil war.' Bangladesh Hundreds of women trying to get pay that's 3 months late turns into battleground of thousands. Police kill 3, injure 100. 16 police injured, one critically. b'Nim Chimpsky The tragedy of the chimp who thought he was a boy (and proved that humans were not humane)' Canada Beware slippery slope' to censorship, hearing told  b'EU VicePresident Luisa Morgantini and the Irish Nobel laureate, Mairead Corrigan, have been tear gased and injured by the IDF while attending the International Conference on Nonviolent Resistance' Israeli minister Israel will attack Iran if it doesn't abandon its nuclear program b'Albino Killings in Tanzania. At least 19 albinos, including several young children, have been killed in Tanzania in the past year. [video] ' b'Chiapas army occupies Zapatista communities in antidrug ops' b'Polar bear swims 200 miles, is shot dead upon arrival' b'News is a contraband item in Pakistan now, and it is being sold on the black market,' b'Albinos, Long Shunned, Face Threat in Tanzania where witch doctors are now marketing albino skin, bones and hair as ingredients in potions that are promised to make people rich.' b'Town in Britain Plans to Start its Own Currency' b'BBC reporter among 16 dead in Afghanistan' b'Lebanese women still vulnerable to violence existing legal framework violates international human rights law because it fails to protect women from domestic violence' b'Police release chilling images of man left for dead by hitandrun driver' Iceland opens Europe's largest national park. The 15.000 square kilometer (5792 square mile) Vatnajkull National Park.  b'Citizens fighting Blackwater Potrero. Was the location chosen so they can train cheap Mexican soldiers or so they can perform extraordinary rendition from a partner facility in Mexico' S. Korean protesters, police clash in beef ralliesdon't want US beef... Oil reserves 'will last decades'  a BBC Scotland investigation has been told b'Cameras designed to detect terrorist facial expressions' b'Israeli peace activists protest 41 years of occupation' A 5.1 earthquake hits China's Southern Qinghai province. b'Man goes berzerk in Akihabara and stabs everyone nearby 6 dead, 12 injured ' b'Threat of world AIDS pandemic among heterosexuals is over, report admits' b'Angst in Ankara Turkey Steers into a Dangerous Identity Crisis' UK Identity cards 'could be used to spy on people' and a new children's database may be used to identify likely future criminals. Has covert surveillance gone too far? b'Marriage, they said, was reduced to the status of a commercial transaction in which women could be discarded by husbands claiming to have discovered hidden defects in them.' b'Sarah Palin kicked out of hospital fundraiser in  Canada. Palin has said that Canada needs to  dismantle its public healthcare system and allow  private enterprise to get involved and turn a profit' General Electric is using England's draconian libel laws to silence a doctor who discovered one of their products, Omniscan, is crippling and even killing patients. 'A young woman walks into a bar, drinks too much and carelessly flirts with the man next to her. He follows her and rapes her. The jurors mutter that she has no one to blame but herself. She is more than just an idiot.' In rape cases, 'no' means 'no' to everyone except the British juries! b'Drug giant GE Healthcare uses UK libel law to gag doctor Some kidney patients at his hospital contracted a potentially deadly condition after being administered the drug Omniscan' b'George Orwell put fish and chips first among the home comforts that helped keep the masses happy and averted revolution.' b'Catalan Parliament passes landmark vote to ban bullfighting' b'UK Unable to Stop Female Genital Mutilation...' b'Police expect Mumbaistyle terror attack on City of London' Peter Tatchell is standing down as a Green party parliamentary candidate after assaults by Robert Mugabe's thugs and Russian neoNazis. Iran claims that oil field its troops took over yesterday belongs to them because it's on their side of the Iraq border. b'Bush shoe protester says worldwide fame has still  left him a poor man' Israel harvested organs off dead Palestinians, says  former head of Israel's Abu Kabir forensic institute b' Teenager found on fire in Leeds street, UK' China plans world's fastest train service on Dec 26 b'Five years after scrapping its trials, Monsanto calculates that the time is now ripe for GM wheat to make a comeback' b'Food for sex rampant in Sri Lankan refugee camps, says British medic' b'Philippines raises volcano alert as eruption nears' b'Uighurs seeking asylum deported to China' b'The glorious state of Israel, run by the chosen people of god (tm), forces Palestinians to act as spies in exchange for medical treatment' b'With a small elite enjoying a decent lifestyle and a majority being excluded from it, the Earth can sustain six billion people. For everyone to have adequate mobility, food and selfdevelopment, then it is one or two billion.' b'Antillean islands used for spying Chavez' b'Egypt  Two MB students remain in detention despite courts decision' b'Steps to create an IsraelPalestinenA onestate solution in the area is not as farfetched as it might seem.' Iran officials on murder charges over inmates' deaths Sri Lankan guards 'sexually abused girls' in Tamil refugee camp Prague TV Tower  World's Largest Spherical  Panorama (18 Gigapixel!!) + MegaZoom b'Identifying Israel as a racist, warmongering apartheid state is no longer a radical view, shared mainly by antiSemites and Arab lovers  it has become the mainstream opinion.' b'Portugal has drawn up a proposal to allow gay marriage' b'Copenhagen fails! No binding agreement. No Emission Reduction Targets. Sigh (' b'Vancouver goes Draconian over Olympics' b'Thieves steal Auschwitz's Work Sets You Free sign' b'Israel gets billions in aid, again. How about  some Never Again!?' b'Bones of Medieval women found in a village abandoned in 1400s during the Black Death prove the legends of large, well muscled women from there to be true.' Iran's hardline judiciary acknowledged for the first time Saturday that at least three prisoners detained after June's disputed presidential election were beaten to death by their jailers b'Colombia to build new military base on Venezuelan border' b'Israeli doctors give sight to blind Gaza babyn' b'Palestinians fire on Egyptians building tunnel barrier on Gaza border' b'The Palestinians were not the ones who slaughtered the Jews of Eastern Europe, yet they are the ones being slaughtered today by the Zionists. The FACT that this is denied by so many people is  sickening. ' b'Thousands of international solidarity activists will take part in the Gaza Freedom March to end Israel's blockade' b'Four Eurostar trains stuck in Channel tunnel' b'Iran acknowledges prisoners were beaten to death ' b'Israelis move to seize a beautiful building built by a Palestinian entrepreneur and given to the custody of the Belgian government when he and his family fled Jerusalem in fear for their lives.' b'Trains stuck in Channel  Four trains have broken down in the Channel Tunnel due to cold weather, as snow is expected to cause further disruption in parts of Britain.' b'Smugglers along the border of Egypt and the Gaza Strip will continue moving goods through tunnels despite the recent construction of an underground wall.' b'Bolivia seizes land from owner of opposition TV network' b'Nigeria rebels attack oil pipeline, putting a twomonth truce with the government in doubt' b'Beate Arnestad, director of the documentary film, My daughter the terrorist, in an interview with CNN. The film follows 2 young, Catholic female LTTE fighters and the final end of the war. One point they would manicure their nails, same time polishing the weapons.' London 'damaged' by bonus tax, Barclays chief meows b'Rwanda  Population Growth Raises Concerns' b'The Ugly CanadiannnThe deep well of affection and respect around the world that Canada has drawn on for decades has been slowly poisoned by the Harper government' b'Copenhagen Climate Talks SUSPENDED, In Chaos, As Countries Walk Out Of The Conference' b'Italy  Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi punched in the face, left bleeding from the mouth' Cleaners 'worth more to society' than bankers b'The Arab Gandhi is near death in a hunger strike against the illegal occupation of her homeland' b'Power to the masses! The Australian Government has released a discussion paper which briefly summarises the key arguments for and against an R 18+ classification for computer games, and is seeking input from the public.' b'Three Americans who were holidaying in Iraq and hiked into Iran by accident are to face trial. Swiss diplomats are helping them. ' Drone strikes could be coming soon to major cities in Pakistan, not just in the country's hinterland b'British Airways Christmas strike  Thank you! I will never fly with you again! ' b'Czech Republic is the Netherlands of Eastern Europe. Legal prostitution, lowest religiosity in Europe and now legal pot! Long live esk Republika!' b'In Russia a bank robber hypnotized tellers into giving her over $80,000.' b'Dubai got a $10 billion lifeline from oilrich Abu Dhabi to save one of its prized companies from imminent default ' b'Berlusconi has fractured nose, broken teeth from attack with replica Cathedral.' b'In Afghanistan, the number of... Taliban &lt; foreign troops &lt; private security contractors &lt; Afghan army & police ' b'Odd news unmarked vehicles operated by foreigners using falsified registration numbers keep getting stopped in Pakistan, and the US consulate keeps bailing them out.' b'British court issued Gaza arrest warrant for former Israeli minister Tzipi Livni' b'Italy Bans Breast Enlargement for Girls Under 18, Berlusconi not happy.' b'U.K. no longer vacation destination for ISRAELI war criminals. British court issues arrest warrant against Israeli opposition leader for role in GAZA massacre.' b'Arrest warrant issued in London against Israeli War Criminal Tzipi Livni' b'Can we call this thug a torture expert  with exceptional torture skills?' b'Poor nations threaten walkout at Copenhagen if developed countries try to strongarm them' b'More than 1,400 civilians were deliberately killed this year in eastern Congo and the presence of 19,000 United Nations peacekeepers did not stop the slaughter. Bloodshed has been fueled by ethnic tensions, competing commercial interests, land disputes and regional politics.' b'Russian Interior Minister Ordinary citizens have the right to defend themselves against police officers who launch illegal attacks on them' b'Obama Administration tip off Thai officials to major North Korea arm smuggling cargo plane, Thais seize tons of weapons' b'Outraged Brits want Blair prosecuted for war crimes' b'Israel, especially under the hardline nationalist government of Benjamin Netanyahu, has begun to overreact almost systematically to the perceptible erosion of international support for its irredentist claims on the West Bank.' b'Im sorry but we had to blow up your  laptop.  What.all my client case  notes and testimony, writing, pictures,  music and applications. Years of work.  (graphic pictures)' Patrick Stewart 'People would never believe my father could be responsible for these things' b'Tony Blair's admission that Britain would have backed the Iraq war even if he knew it did not have weapons of mass destruction sparked outrage Sunday and calls for his prosecution for war crimes. (Few calls for Bush to be prosecuted in the US!)' b'Nearly 1,000 arrested in Copenhagen at protest rally  mostly preventative arrests.' b'Critics said the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq said was driven by oil, but United States oil majors were largely absent from an Iraqi auction of oil deals snapped up instead by Russian, Chinese and other firms.' UK gov't scientist and UN weapons inspector David Kelly, who ppposed Iraq invasion was murdered, say six top doctors Hundreds of Iranian men uploaded facebook pictures of themselves as women, dressed in Hijab, to protest a student's imprisonment. b'Berlusconi suffers broken nose, 2 broken teeth after attack at rally in Milan' b'Report 968 protesters in Copenhagen  are now detained after a mass rally to demand an ambitious global climate pact' A deterioration of Asian security may force Australia to develop it's first nuclear weapons ever. France to resume 'black box' hunt b'Italy is to introduce legislation that will make it illegal for girls under 18 to have breast enhancement or other plastic surgery' b'Zimbabwe President Mugabe reelected as ZANUPF leader' b'AntiMuslim graffiti found on French mosque Police say assailants have scrawled a Nazi slogan and hung pig feet on a mosque in southern France.' b'Briton Mohammed Ezzouek, a victim of rendition from Kenya to Somalia, says UK agents were complicit in his torture' b'Learn From Vietnam No Winning In Afghanistan' 'The last time I was in the Tardis was in 1966.' There was a slight pause, and he said 'I wasn't even born then.'  Italy's PM Silvio Berlusconi punched in the face about time!! Widespread oil theft by drug traffickers deals major blow to Mexico's government  washingtonpost.com b'Santa Claus banned from visiting lockedup children in UK asylum detention centre' Political turmoil built today over the burning of an image of Iran's revolutionary founder, which was aired, in a controversial move, on state television b'Six injured in latest Hong Kong acid attack' b'COPENHAGEN a pivotal economic showdown between the U.S. and China' b'I Could Use a Job With the US Federal Government! ' Billionaire tycoon set to win most votes in Chile's presidential election. Runoff expected. Body of Russian soldier who called in an airstrike on himself after being surrounded by IS fighters has been recovered. He was posthumously awarded the Hero of Russia medal. Exxon sees smallest profit in 16 years, Chevron posts loss A Hindu tailor has been hacked to death in a district of central Bangladesh | Police said Nikhil Joarder had been arrested in 2012 for allegedly making derogatory comments about Islam, then released. Illegal Muslim prayer hall blown up in Russia after police find explosives inside Pirate Bay hit by malvertising attack, drops Cerber ransomware Hundreds of protesters storm Baghdad's Green Zone, enter parliament Airbnb drops almost half of Berlin listings as city cracks down on shortterm rentals imposing a fine of 100,000 on property owners who rent vacation homes without a permit Fracking in the US causing global surge in dangerous gas, study finds Ken Livingstone stands by Hitler comments saying he was not sorry for telling the truth, amid antiSemitism row Malawi's estimated 10,000 albinos face extinction if they continue to be murdered for their body parts for use in witchcraft, a UN expert has warned. A suicide bomber driving a car has killed at least 19 people and wounded 48 others 30 in an attack claimed by ISIL on a group of Shi'ite Muslim pilgrims in a southeastern suburb of Baghdad The Egyptian government has launched a smearing campaign against the Muslim Brotherhood, describing them as aids and calling for Egyptians to boycott them. ISIS begs for foreign donations as its oil sales plummet German police arrest 400 protesters outside farright party meeting | Riot police use pepper spray to disperse activists blocking entrance to Alternative fr Deutschland conference in Stuttgart Russia defends intercept of U.S. reconnaissance plane over Baltic Russians 'barrel roll' over another U.S. Air Force plane Debt Collectors Adopt Mob Tactics as Russians Struggle to Pay Bills (including sexual assault) Price Of Using Mobiles In EU 'Drops 75%' Today India has declined to issue visas to two Chinese activists hoping to attend a conference on promoting democracy, days after it revoked a visa for an exiled ethnic Uighur leader who China says backs militant violence. Botswana could be malaria free by 2020 WHO estimates. Statistics show that Botswana has over the past 14 years reduced the incidence of malaria from 42 cases to 0.23 cases per 1,000 of the population. Kim Jongun Brings Back Pleasure Squads Of Teenage Girls To Serve Him 24 killed, 38 wounded in Baghdad carbombing Obama US 'setting up a shield' to block North Korean missiles Daytime cooking ban in India as heatwave claims 300 lives | Authorities try to prevent accidental fires amid scorching temperatures that have destroyed crops and killed livestock ObamaNetanyahu rift impedes U.S. offer of record $40 billion aid deal for Israel American officials have balked as their Israeli counterparts insisted on more generous terms for a new 10year military aid package b'Israeli minister has announced there will be 10,000 new settlers in the occupied West Bank over the next 10 months' b'A man who was jailed for rape after going to the aid of a drunken teenager in Edinburgh has been declared a victim of a miscarriage of justice' b'Jewish settlers are suspected of being behind an attack on a mosque in the north of the occupied West Bank.' b'Uganda just doesn't understand human rights This  whole concept of human rights grates my nerves. It  has made people unafrican, mean and self centered. One can now shamelessly stand up and  tell you I do as I please. You have no business in  my affairs.' b' Argentina might become the first Latin American country to legalize gay marriage' b'UK food labels are set to distinguish between goods from Palestinians in the occupied territories and produce from Israeli settlements' b'From snapshot to Special Branch how my camera made me a terror suspect' b'Is the Chinese government secretly buying hundreds of thousands of cars and parking them somewhere? While auto sales are strong in China, gasoline sales are flat. ' b'Furious over a confiscatory currency reform, citizens of the world's most repressive state have begun publicly criticizing their government' b'Congolese government soldiers, who had been supplied with ammunition and food by United Nations peacekeepers, killed hundreds of civilians, gangraped girls and even cut the heads off some young men.' b'New state in India' Japan's 9/11 Victims to Press for Criminal Investigation of 9/11n b'UK and US talked of toppling Saddam in 2001' b'Dutch man reports theft of ecstasy pill collection' Turkey's top court has closed the only proKurdish party in parliament for having links to PKK Kurdish rebels. The EU had warned that banning the party would violate Kurdish rights and might jeopardize Turkey's bid for membership. b'A poor boy in Africa drops out of school due to poverty. Builds a windmill at age 14. Garners international attention.' Britain's libel laws under attack b'Woman faces witchcraft charge in fraud case (in Canada!)' b'US judge declares Swiss banker, lawyer fugitives, both accused of helping rich Americans evade taxes by hiding assets in Swiss banks' b'Iranian state media attempts to humiliate jailed student activist by releasing picture of him wearing a female headscarf' b'Cairo is covertly constructing an underground steel barrier along the 13kmborder with Gaza to cut smuggling into the Strip' b'Swiss businessman has built a muslim minaret on his company building in protest of his fellow citizens recent referendum decision to ban minarets' North Korea agrees nuclear 'cooperation' with US b'US Marines train Afghan new police illiterate young farmers with no formal training who had been plucked off the streets only weeks before' b'Innocent Guantnamo Torture Victim Fouad alRabiah Is Released In Kuwait (But the worst part about this story is that the mainstream media has buried it.)' b'Uninsured American living in Japan sees a doctor ...when I get 3 prescriptions filled in 5 minutes and they are SORRY they have to charge me a whopping 30 bucks for it, and I see people back home paying many times that, I have to wonder how we're managing to do things just this wrong.' b'Greece in revolt All media on 24h strike. No news broadcasts on radio, TV or internet. Almost 60% of police may quit jobs if they have to wear identifying insignia. Strikers have occipied broadcasting headquarters of ERT3, the Salonica state channel.' b'1,420 Palestinians killed, 446 of them children, 5,320 injured, 1,855 of them children, 4,000 houses destroyed, 16,000 houses damaged,  ' b'Iran seizes oil well in southern Iraq? Here we go again.' b'More than 70 air strikes conducted by Saudi warplanes over the past 24 hours.' b'Former French president Jacques Chirac indicted for embezzlement! ' b'Israel shuts down all commercial crossings with Gaza and armored vehicles raze agricultural lands' b'Rich countries cheating the rest of the world Confidential UN Document' b'The infamous sign at the entrance of Auschwitz has been stolen' b'At age 45, after giving birth to 13 children in her village of thatch roofs and bare feet, Beatrice Adongo made a discovery that startled her birth control.' Remember that Irish co. Steorn, that claimed to have built a working perpetual motion machine that could produce clean, free energy out of a few magnets and some plastic discs? Well, they're back again! b'Mohammad Ajmal Kasab, the only gunman captured alive in last years Mumbai attacks that killed more than 160 people, today unexpectedly retracted his confession about his role in the attacks.' b'North Korean hackers may have stolen US war plans The plan allowed for the deployment of 700,000 US troops in the event of a fullscale war' 3 years only for stealing $ 242 million, who wouldn't do that  b'The American Right Gets Crazy With Chavez Speech in Copenhagen When he said there was a silent and terrible ghost in the room and that ghost was called capitalism, the applause was deafening.' b'The impunity of Israel and its allies will carry a price' b'Tulay Goren was killed in 1999 for living with her boyfriend whom her family disapproved of because he was from a different branch of Islam. Today, her father, Mehmet Goren was given a life sentence with a minimum of 22 years' b'US Jewish groups have raised US $750,000 to fly Last Yemeni Jews out of the country, in a programme initiated by the State Department but a Rabbi wants free flights to America to stop' b'George Monbiot Copenhagen was not about saving the biosphere it was just a matter of saving face. A clearer and less destructive treaty than the text that emerged would be a sheaf of blank paper, which every negotiating party solemnly sits down to sign.' b'Mexican army burns massive pot field, conducts operations against drug lords.' Statesponsored terrorism Leader of loyalist terror gang part of the British security forces' intelligence services for years b'All hell breaking loose in Greece!' The sole surviving gunman in last year's Mumbai attacks says he was framed and that the guy in the pics holding an AK47 is just a look alike! Man gets angry, sprays racist graffiti saying 'fucking niggas', said he was going to 'take back the town' by killing blacks then went off and murdered a black teenager was apparently not motivated by racism but just 'anger and frustration' b'So you call yourself Jewish? ' b'Hugo Chavez If Climate Were Bank, U.S. Would Have Saved It' b'Two British soldiers in Afghanistan sacrificed their lives preventing Taliban suicide attack in marketplace' Brazil boy found with 40 needles in 'black magic rite'  arrest made b'Scientists crack entire genetic code of two of the most common cancers' b'Indians banned from entering first Haagen Dazs outlet in India.' Israeli FM 'AntiIsrael is the new antiSemitism.'  How did he pack all of that wrong in one short sentence?  b'UK Father jailed for minimum of 22 years for murder of his 15yearold daughter who ran away to live with man from different Islamic sect. It was a matter of honor. ' b'Reg Keys, who ran against Tony Blair as an independent candidate, and who lost his son in the war, explains in BBC interview why Tony Blair *is* a war criminal.' Obama told China I can't stop Israel strike on Iran for much longer Yemen claims to have killed up to 30 al Qaeda militants, including 8 wouldbe suicide bombers. As well as fighting al Qaeda militants, the Arab world's poorest country is battling a separate Shi'ite rebellion in the north and separatist unrest in the south. b'In September 2008 Ecuador became the first country in the world to declare constitutional rights to nature, thus codifying a new system of environmental protection' Globalization South Korea's Daewoo Logistics has a 99year lease on 3.2 million acres of farmland on the dirtpoor tropical island of Madagascar b'Egypt is building an underground barrier with Gaza and said it was a sovereign right that would increase pressure on the enclave's Hamas rulers.' b'The BBC suffered criticism from lawmakers  Wednesday for inviting debate on whether  homosexuals should be killed' Canada on climate change  Harper's government is content to follow the U.S. on climate change policy Vet puts out plea to catch dog owner who inflicted the worst injuries he'd ever seen.  Attack stopped only when a passerby intervened and the owner ran off. b'Climategate goes SERIAL now the Russians confirm that UK climate scientists manipulated data to exaggerate global warming ' b'Livni arrest warrant  We face a choice  Apply international law or treat it as the farce it has become  Financial Times ' b'Japan unveils massive package to fight climate change' b'Brazil Votes to Accept Venezuela into Mercosur' b'Irish MP lets off some steam' At 1.4 bn, India's population to surpass China's by 2025 US Census b'Why An Agreement In Copenhagen Could Make Things Worse' b'Tzipi Livni arrest warrant provokes BritainIsrael diplomatic row   Telegraph' b'Successful prosecutions for racist, religious,  homophobic and disabilityrelated crimes in the UK  have gone up from 8% to 82% in four years' Internet search giant Google has come out in opposition to the Federal Government's push to introduce mandatory ISP filtering. b'The official Bishop for the British armed forces would just like to apologize for expressing his admiration for the Taliban' Iran's jails An inside view  Tehran's most notorious prison may be better but abuses have been reported in new jails b'Vietnam signs billiondollar contracts to buy submarines and fighter jets from Russia' Putting the 'war' back into drug war Attacks by Mexican drug cartels are being likened to a military campaign b'I've lost my world and I've lost my religion  former Iranian Basij militia member who witnessed killings and tried to stop rapes during the uprising that followed the disputed Presidential election' b'Im not a traitor. Im a man with a conscience who did what he did out of a deep belief after much thought and many doubts. I knew I had to do it, I had no choice. Somebody had to do it. I contributed my share by making public what the public ought to know & they shut my mouth behind the prison walls.' b'Israeli Police Officer Beaten, Seriously Injured By  Settlers' b'BBC's Have Your Say Should homosexuals face  execution? Some of these comments are fucking  disgusting.' Britain's former spy chief, Sir John Scarlett, misled the Iraq inquiry by exaggerating the reliability of crucial claims about Saddam Hussein's ability to launch weapons of mass destruction, according to the leading Ministry of Defence expert  b'We don't do body counts. Gen Tommy Franks on Iraqi civilian deaths' Woman raped and assaulted by police in Australia  ''Just get dressed. You can get us into a lot of  trouble for this.'' b'This map plots every road death in Great Britain from 19992008  use it to search for accidents by postcode or police authority.' b'Alejandra Maria Torres stands topless on a street after being beaten, doused with petrol and set on fire during a lynching in Guatemala City. So far this year 219 people have been lynched.' b'Turkey finds 39 leftists guilty after 28year trial' b'Priest jailed for three years for sexually abusing an altar boy ' b'Climate summit President resigns after secret negotiating text prepared by rich countries leaked' b'Jewish school broke race relations legislation by restricting its admissions' b'UK to review war crimes warrants after Tzipi Livni  arrest row' b'Net filter will restrict euthanasia info Nitschke' b'Geologist denies creating earthquakes during experiments' b'Oh fuck  Multiple electrical failures cause car to get stuck in cruise control, In wrong lane, at 60mph on freeway. Driver could not change gear, break, or turn off ignition.' b'Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu condemns British for Livni arrest warrantn' b'In the family way  Some developing countries have failed to follow the broader demographic transition to lower fertility levels that has occurred in past decades in the western world.' b'A simple plan for victory in Afghanistan...' US oil tycoons think they are 'entitled' to Iraq's oil fields, assume invasion was launched on their behalf. b'Israeli newspaper Extremist Israeli rabbi who excuses killing nonJewish babies is being funded by US tax dollars.' b'Amnesty International called on Saudi Arabia on Monday to stay a sentence of 40 lashes against a 75yearold woman for breaching a sex segregation law. She was in the company of two men who were not close relatives. The men are also to be flogged. ' b'Girl, 15, sentenced to eight years over bullying death of Rosimeiri Boxall ' b'Italian student tells of arrest while filming for fun (big brother nanny state)' b'China bans individual web domain names and has launched a review of millions of existing personal websites in the toughest government censorship drive so far on the internet' b'We can forgive our long dead ancestors for starting this war, but we can in no way forgive those who press for its continuation. (a quote from an excellent site) ' b'Never mind Copenhagen, an environmental catastrophe is going on right now  contaminated water is poisoning babies in Gaza' b'Angry settlers beat and seriously injured a female Israeli police officer Tuesday, police said, as she tried to enforce a government ban on new housing construction in Jewish West Bank settlements.' Simon Singh,The noted science writer considers his forthcoming libel action and the campaign to reform England's libel laws b'50,000 Residents flee as Philippines volcano threatens to erupt' b'Israel fury over British war crimes warrant for Tzipi Livni ' Queen of England's husband mocks man blinded in bomb attack b'UK ponders law change after Tzipi Livni arrest warrant' b'Green light for internet filter plans.  ISP level internet censorship plan for Australia.  Material to be censored determined by conservativechristian lobby group.  ' b'Fidel Castro says US on offensive' b'yikes... what a vile piece of drumbeating propaganda in a major newspaper. World War Three coming?' b'Bangladesh government to encourage singlechild families' b'The Deaths of Two young Kashmiri women has ignited violent protests. One side says they were raped and murdered. The police say they drowned in ankle deep water.  ' b'Another Mexican reporter seeks asylum in U.S. after getting death threats' b'Sarkozy fights Google over classic books' b'Kim Jong Il Concerned citizens want the notorious leader of North Korea tried at the ICC.' b'13yrold Simpokolwe My stepfather ordered me to quit school and get married to a 77yearold man because he said I was too old for standard four. I refused, and told him I wanted to continue with my education. ' b'Antileak guide gets leaked on to the internet, they  said it was unleakable' b'US to expand drone attacks into Pakistani cities' b'United States quits Human Rights Council' Pentagon blocked Cheney's attack on Iran 'J Street,' a new liberal Jewish organization, hopes to challenge AIPAC's influence over U.S.Israeli affairs b'Former Ambassador Joseph Wilson [The U.S. Military is] proselytizing not on behalf of the Constitution of the United States . . . but rather on behalf of some sort of fanatical view of end times' b'EU leaders anxiously await Irish verdict on Lisbon Treaty. Ireland, the only country allowed a referendum will vote on June 12th. '  17 Hit or Stabbed, 7 Confirmed Dead in Tokyo's Akihabara b'Treaty tensions mount as Iraq tells the US it wants all troops back in barracks' Council paints over street artist Banksy's graffiti murals  worth a fortune! b'Finders keepers can get complicated when half a billion dollars and lawyers are involved' b'Chew Qat In Yemen, 72 per cent of men and 32 per cent of women chew qat for two to six hours a day' b'One of UKs most experienced and decorated special forces soldiers has quit the army after criticising the government for risking soldiers lives by failing to fund troops and equipment.' b'A bitter struggle between two powerful Beltway terrorism analysts has broken out as to whether Al Qaeda is still alive and well.' b'Jailers at Guantanamo urged to destroy interrogation notes lawyer' b'80% UK Laws Now Made In Brussels and the UK Parliament has no power to reject or amend them. Few voters realize how many powers have been, or are about to be, transferred elsewhere.' b'Virgin Media UK working with record industry to spy on and threaten downloaders' b'35 Ukraine miners trapped underground  threat of rising water' b'Bilderberg attendee Geithner calls for global bank framework' b'Jos Manuel Barroso bullies the Irish, saying that there will be a price to pay if Ireland rejects the Lisbon Treaty.' Don't worry everyone, AIDS is officially over! b'What if Bush Attacks Iran on His Way Out of Office?' b'Future of the United States of Europe in the Hands of Ireland ' 'Military coup' in Zimbabwe as Mugabe is forced to cede power to generals  b'Rising Oil Prices Spark Strikes in Spain and a Saudi Call to Meet' b'Chvez to FARC Asks to end armed strugle, The guerrilla war is history and that time has come to free all of the hostages' b'Fliers in for pain as airlines pack it in' Alberta passes bill banning corporate and union donations to political parties Netherlands ordered by Dutch court to cut greenhouse gas emissions by at least 25% by 2020 in class action suit Most Germans say US doesn't respect freedom Russian 'troll factory' sued for underpayment and labour violations The secretive Russian agency that hires people to write proKremlin propaganda on the web stepped into the public spotlight for the first time on Tuesday as a former employee took it to court Germany marijuana legalization push revives debate over drug policy Dwarf planet Ceres reveals pyramidshaped mystery Renewables to Beat Fossil Fuels With $3.7 Trillion Solar Boom. Renewable energy will draw almost twothirds of the spending on new power plants over the next 25 years, dwarfing spending on fossil fuels, as plunging costs make solar the first choice for consumers and the poorest nations. Council of Europe Calls on U.S. to Let Snowden Have a Fair Trial Canadian cops issue apology after helicopter pilots broadcase over loudspeakers their private discussion about oral sex while flying over city, including Legislative buildings Child poverty figures set to rise in the UK for the first time in ten years, so the government plans to redefine child poverty. Antimonarchy activists want Queen to move out of Buckingham Palace Putins approval ratings hit 89 percent, the highest theyve ever been according to measurements from the Moscowbased Levada Center, the only independent polling organization in Russia. NSA spied on French presidents WikiLeaks The mysterious Russian agency that hires people to write proKremlin propaganda on the web stepped into the public spotlight for the first time Tuesday as a former employee took it to court ISIS blows up ancient shrines in Palmyra, the 2000 yearold heritage site in Syria NATO says won't be dragged into arms race with Russia China puts $6 trillion price tag on its climate plan 800 tonnes Of smuggled meat seized by Chinese Authorities, Including batches dated from the 1970's Israeli High Court 24 settler housing units in Beit El must be razed Pakistani Islamic scholar Tahir ulQadri launches antiISIS curriculum in British mosques and Islamic institutions. Comprehensive study shows there's no difference in children raised by samesex couples Families say gravediggers overcharging after Pakistan heat wave kills at least 749. China arrests smugglers trying to sell frozen meat from the 1970s Egypt demands billions as compensation from Muslim Brotherhood World is on the brink of the longest oil glut in at least 30 years with no end in sight South Korea says it will send aid to North Korea during its worst drought in a century under one condition  just ask for it French taxi drivers lock down Paris in huge antiUber protest Julian Assange on the TransPacific Partnership Secretive Deal Isnt About Trade, But Corporate Control Aidsinfected ISIS fighter is executed for donating blood to fellow fighters TTIP a threat to EU chemical safety standards, German NGO says A Dutch City Will Start Experimenting with Unconditional Basic Income This Summer New Species HairyChested Yeti Crab Found in Antarctica  The deepsea crustacean lives near hydrothermal vents Heat wave kills 1,017 people in Pakistan's Sindh province. Britain just gave the banking license to a bank with no branches and no website  just an app Rotherham child exploitation inquiry councillors among possible suspects. Suspects now stand at 300, possible victims at 1400. Moroccan Director who's film addresses the Muslim countrys sex industry; has been summoned to court, on charges of pornography. New Fatwa Allows Eating During Ramadan as Heat Wave Death Toll Hit 750 Australia slashes its renewable energy target by nearly 20% Mother and infant son found alive five days after plane crash in Colombia Whistleblowers with dual citizenship who speak out on Australias national security  including those involved in allegations that TimorLestes cabinet room was bugged  could face having their citizenship revoked under proposed laws. Germany Beware Putin's Push For Brexit  Vladimir Putin could try to fund antiEU efforts in Britain in an attempt to weaken Europe, a key ally of Angela Merkel warns. Face of bizarre sea creature Hallucigenia revealed  Scientists finally have a complete picture of what 1 of nature's most bizarre animals looked like. Hallucigenia lived 500m yrs ago, but all fossils appeared to be without heads. Zack Davies, a member of neoNazi group National Action, found guilty of attempting to decapitate an Asian man Japan Says It Will Resume Whaling in the Antarctic | VICE News Egypt is holding the highest number of journalists behind bars since record keeping began, using the pretext of national security to crack down on press freedoms, the Committee to Protect Journalists said on Thursday. ISIL reenters Syrian Kurdish town Kobane FINLAND New Government Commits to a Basic Income Experiment Genetically Modified Lamb with Jellyfish Protein Accidentally Sold as Meat in Paris Pakistan only country in the world where majority views Iran positively US Congress passes rare law targeting boycotts of Israel Man beheaded and Islamist flag raised in Grenoble, France Attack On Tourist Hotel In Tunisia Vatican Formally Recognizes Palestinian State by Signing Treaty South Korea tells North Korea it cant have both guns and butter and urges nuclear talks Explosion hits Shia mosque in Kuwait during Friday prayers Over 1,000 killed by Pakistan heat wave There is no space left ... to keep the dead bodies German politicians sound alarm after weedkiller found in breast milk Islamic State kills at least 145 civilians in Syria's Kobani monitor 33,000 Russian soldiers practiced a military takeover of the Baltic Sea and part of Sweden in March this year, a new report shows Sir Tim Hunt's claims that remarks on girls in science were 'not sexist' are backed by leaked EU report India wants to build 100 smart cities. Residents just want water and power. BBC publishes links forgotten by search engines Brazilian police officer caught on camera 'shooting two fallen teenage suspects pointblank' A British NeoNazi Tried To Kill A Sikh Dentist in Revenge for Muslim Attacks Exclusive Saudi Arabia Is Thwarting the Distribution of Emergency UN Aid in Yemen Chinese market selling 40 year old meat. Police discovered 483 million worth in storage. Hackers Stole Secrets of U.S. Government Workers Sex Lives Putin Breaks Silence With Call to Obama Touching on Ukraine and ISIS Yara Sallam, was arrested on june 21, 2014 for protesting against an antiprotest law. Yara is a 29yearold womens human rights defender from Egypt. Sepp Blatter I did not resign  Im not ready for the museum or a waxwork Burundi vice president flees, students break into US embassy Scottish wind farms power almost a million homes in record first quarter. First three months of 2015 saw wind farms produce enough electricity to power 960,000 Scottish households for a year, but subsidy cuts threaten potential, minister warns GCHQ monitored own staff excessively Great Barrier Reef water quality to be monitored in real time in pollution crackdown Canada does not have right weapons to help Ukraine, defence minister reveals