 Ukraine president ends ceasefire  'We will attack' ISIS Vows To Destroy Meccas Kaaba, Kill Those Who Worship Stones Guaranteed $20K income for all Canadians endorsed by academics... Japan authorized a reinterpretation of warrenouncing Article 9 of the Constitution, allowing Japan for the first time since World War II to come to the aid of an ally under attack. Bodies of Three Missing Israeli Teens Found Near Hebron, Source Says Remaining Snowden docs will be released to avert 'unspecified US war'  Cryptome MIT and CERNs secure webmail plan, Proton Mail, stumped by PayPal freeze without warning. Moneyshuffler shutters cash flow after asking if crypto is legal The United Nations has voted to legislate against human rights abuses carried out by transnational corporations, but the resolution, proposed by Ecuador and South Africa, was opposed by the US and the member states of the EU The European Court of Human Rights has upheld a ban by France on wearing the Muslim fullface veil  the niqab Supreme Court lets victims' 9/11 suit vs. Saudi Arabia proceed Indian Prime Minister proposes that India launch a satellite for the benefit of neighboring South Asian countries as a gift from India EU slashes mobile data roaming fees by 55 percent The European Union says the surcharges for surfing the Internet on mobile devices while traveling across the 28nation bloc will be more than halved Liberia To Prosecute People Hiding Ebola Patients Russian Tsar's WWIera 'Shark' submarine discovered beneath the Baltic Sea Chilean Court Rules U.S. Had Role in Murders [in 1973] Iraq Kurdistan independence referendum planned MH370 New evidence of tampering with cockpit systems revealed. Probe shows mysterious power outage during the early stages of its flight Tens of thousands of Hong Kong residents marched Tuesday through the streets of the former British colony to push for greater democracy in a rally fueled by anger over Beijing's recent warning that it holds the ultimate authority over the southern Chinese financial center. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy is being held for questioning over suspected influencepeddling Massive dams in Borneo to flood over 2,000 square kilometers of rainforest, displace 10,000s of indigenous people  all to generate electricity that no one wants. Unknown persons erect KKK flag in east Belfast, residents unite to have it removed. Snowden applies to extend asylum in Russia, report says Barrier Reef Dredge Spoil Could Travel Further than Previously Thought, Affecting Coral  Bid to create 1 of world's biggest coal terminals criticised by Unesco's world heritage committee. 3 million cubic metres of spoil to be dumped 20km from reef as part of the expansion of Abbot Point port. ExFrench President Sarkozy Detained Kuwait finance firm suggests trading oil in bitcoins Facebook Is Under Investigation For Mood Manipulation Study African leaders vote to give themselves immunity from war crimes British PM David Cameron calls for global response to Antibioticresistant superbugs, which threaten to plunge the world back to the dark ages of medicine. Three killed in Ankara after police officer shoots woman who filed complaint against him Bikinis to blame for sex crimes on Goa's beaches, says minister An entire island nation is preparing to evacuate to Fiji before they sink into the Pacific TOR nodes (and other services) now illegal in Austria Russia launches swearing ban; books, films, plays risk fines Chilean court links US intelligence to 1973 killings of two Americans Study Muslims hate terrorism, too. it underscores the growing fear and anger felt by many in Muslimmajority countries when facing a range of militant threats, from that of Boko Haram in Nigeria to ISIS to the Taliban insurgency in Pakistan. Netanyahu orders swift probe after Palestinian teen found murdered, 50 Israelis arrested over Jerusalem riots. Rome will be conquered next, says leader of Islamic State Caribbean coral reefs will be lost within 20 years Newly Revealed Snowden Docs Expose Near Global Reach of NSA 42 Percent of Muslims Polled by Pew Research Think Suicide Bombing and Other Violence Against Civilians Are at Least Occasionally Justified Metropolitan Police 'deleted evidence of sex and race discrimination' French exleader Nicolas Sarkozy charged with corruption for influencing judicial proceedings ISPs take GCHQ to court in UK over mass surveillance Ebola death toll rises to 467 out of 759 cases  WHO Police in Hong Kong have arrested 196 protesters who staged a prodemocracy sitin at the city's business district. Egypt's richest man sentenced to 3 years in jail on tax evasion ETA All Iranian Su25 Frogfoot attack planes have just deployed to Iraq French Ban on Face Veils Upheld by European Rights Court I am convinced that we should develop a European armed drone. Germany's defense minister says she wants to hire combat drones and then start building them. Over Half a Million Rally in Hong Kong Against Chinese Rule In 2012, New Zealand police seized computer drives belonging to Kim Dotcom, copies of which were unlawfully given to the FBI. A judge has now ruled that even if the Megaupload founder supplies the passwords, they cannot subsequently be forwarded to the FBI. Anyone who is determined to be using Tor is targeted for longterm surveillance and retention by NSA Pope Francis approves the revival of exorcism as a canon Catholic practice Algeria's World Cup team to donate salary to people of Gaza Google have been forced by the EU to delist a BBC journalist's article from 2007 on banking fraud without stating a reason. ISIS Kidnaps More Than 130 Syrian Schoolchildren; International Leaders Yet To Respond No land for whites in Zimbabwe, says Mugabe Pentagon Officials US Troops Will Pilot Apache Attack Helicopters In Iraq China bans Ramadan Fasting and taking part in religious activities forbidden in controversial crackdown on minority Uighur Muslims Huge Crowds Turn Out for ProDemocracy March in Hong Kong, Defying Beijing Germany to adopt minimum wage to help working poor Facebook psychological studies linked to Department of Defense 'This Secret USEU Deal Will Make NHS Privatisation Irreversible' Unite Union Leader warns on TTIP More than 510k protest in Central Hong Kong to protect its sacred democracy and freedom NASA Satellite which will end manmade CO2 debate in orbit at last The Home Office is facing calls to explain why a 1980s dossier about alleged paedophiles at Westminster was lost or destroyed by officials.|BBC|UK Saudi Arabia deploys 30,000 soldiers to border with Iraq  alArabiya TV Russian social media users are campaigning against the US singer Demi Lovato after her concert at New York's gay pride event on Sunday featured a controversial use of an image of Russian President Vladimir Putin. In a rare scene of disorder, Hong Kong police forcibly arrest 511 protesters calling for democracy EU Court of Justice save the internet by holding that internet browsing does not require a license Ukraine conflict At Least Nine Civilians killed as truce collapses Rampant torture, arbitrary arrests and detentions signal catastrophic decline in human rights one year after ousting of Morsi At least 17 rockets hit Israel on Wednesday.  2/7/2014 A scientist who carried out research on making influenza viruses more infectious has deliberately created a potentially lethal strain of flu that can evade the human immune system. Chapel dedicated to pharaoh Mentuhotep II found in Sohag (Abydos) thanks to bust of illegal excavation NSA permanently targets the privacyconscious Merely searching the web for the privacyenhancing software tools outlined in the XKeyscore rules causes the NSA to mark and track the IP address of the person doing the search. German parliament approves 8.50 euro national minimum wage. Russian Physicists Launch Campaign To Rebuild Teslas Wardenclyffe Tower And Power The World NSA 'totalitarian,' exstaffer tells German parliament What did $7 billion spent on opium eradication in Afghanistan buy? More opium. Thieves in Mexico steal truck with dangerous radioactive load  iridium 192. U.S. grounds entire F35 fighter jet fleet after unexplained fire...Latest incident in hugely expensive weapons program threatens plane's participation in two UK air shows this month Suspected double agent spied on German NSA committee for the US Schneier NSA Permanently Targets, On FullTake Basis, Privacy Conscious Visitors to Sites Covering TAILS, TOR, and Other Privacy Tools. Adds, I think theres a second [NSA] leaker out there. The UK's Internet Filters Block Almost 1 in 5 Websites American journalist Charles Horman was murdered with the help of the US government, a Chilean court finds Google reverses decision to delete UK newspaper links Tony Abbott says Australia was 'unsettled' before British arrived Google reinstates 'forgotten' links after pressure  After widespread criticism, Google has begun reinstating some links it had earlier removed under the controversial right to be forgotten ruling. Iraq army retakes Saddam Hussein's home village from Islamist rebels, previously called the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) Israel gives ultimatum to Hamas Stop rockets or we attack | i24news Gaza rocket fire continues, two direct hits on residential buildings AEC threatens to have FOI applicant declared vexatious  after two requests Iran, US talk on drafting comprehensive nuclear agreement Anthrax discovered in beef in Hungary Hungarian authorities have identified an infection of the deadly disease anthrax in beef, with five people being monitored for symptoms. The disease was found in meat from cattle slaughtered in the east of the country. Overpass collapses in World Cup host city Belo Horizonte; at least one dead Britain planned to train and equip 100,000 Syrian rebels Police Are Investigating The Disappearance Of A Secret Dossier Allegedly Naming UK Politicians Involved In Child Abuse Astronomers in Ukraine Named a Star Putin is a D**khead 5 fresh rockets fired from Gaza; Israel issues 48hour ultimatum to Hamas to halt attacks or face massive strike Pope Francis, in unprepared remarks, says destruction of South American rain forests is a modern sin of our times USA is the world's biggest oil producer after overtaking Saudi Arabia African leaders should not be prosecuted for war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide African leaders have decided. U.S. overtakes Saudi Arabia to become world's biggest oil producer, report says CCTV shows moment Palestinian boy is kidnapped before being killed ISIS destroys shrines, Shiite mosques in Iraq India will provide four new vaccines free of cost as part of a programme to reduce child mortality Russian government to spend up to $46.7 billion on revamping Siberian railways Israel Moves Troops Toward Gaza As Tensions Soar US company signs $1.175bn Iran energy deal in a rare joint commercial project to turn rubbish and human waste into electricity. Child sexual abuse royal commission Vatican declines request to provide all documents relating to Australian priests The German authorities have summoned the US ambassador in Berlin after a man was arrested on suspicion of spying Ukraine crisis Army 'enters rebel base of Sloviansk' India bans import of foie gras after animal rights activists complained that the method used to produce the duck liver delicacy was cruel Mexico finds radioactive load from stolen truck Myanmar Buddhists Threaten to Kill Muslims Iranian pilot killed fighting in Iraq South Korea, China agree to direct trade in national currencies Ukraine pushes rebels from eastern stronghold Defence minister says national flag is flying over Slovyansk after the retreat of outnumbered proRussian separatists. Russia passes law to force websites onto Russian servers Foreign investors including pension funds from London borough councils and even Shell are among a new group of shareholders suing BP in Texas over the Deepwater Horizon accident Brazilian police say they have identified a FIFA official who they believe could be at the center of a tickettout scandal worth $100 million. Eleven suspects have been arrested after their mobile phones were tapped as part of the investigation. UK Prime Minister, David Cameron, in Talks with EU Leaders Over International DNA Database Iraq seeks to recover over $40 billion from US Official 100,000 Ukrainians seeks asylum in Russia Germany arrests double agent recruited by U.S. to reveal details of Berlin's NSA inquiry 6 Arrested For Burning Palestinian Teen To Death About 40 politicians on UK pedophile ring Report Germany demands full explanation from US on arrested spy. President Joachim Gauck accuses the US of playing games with our friendship and says if allegations are proven Germany must say enough is enough, for once. British student jailed for failing to provide password Ordinary Web users far outnumber foreign targets in conversations intercepted by the NSA U.S. profoundly troubled by Americans beating in Israeli custody  Al Arabiya News Egypt to increase tax on cigarettes to 50%, alcohol will rise to 200% ISIS chief Abu Bakr alBaghdadi injured, flees to Syria Eleven dead in Poland parachute club plane crash Taliban torch 200 trucks carrying fuel for NATO forces in Afghanistan Uber Gets a Green Light to Operate in London Home Office child abuse coverup Michael Gove rules out public inquiry into claims of paedophile politicians at Westminster Isis leader 'Caliph Ibrahim' makes first ever public video appearance Dalai Lama celebrates 79 years 17 coal miners trapped underground in west China  China has world's deadliest mines, although safety record has been improving lately Australian officials made a visit to the Refugee Detention Centre on Manus Island centre two weeks ago saying ''You will be here a very long time. You will never get to Australia. You should strongly consider going back to where you came from.'' Ukraine crisis Rebels abandon Sloviansk stronghold Two Suspected AlQaeda militants blow themselves up in southern Saudi Arabia World Bank Email Leaks Show More Money Available for Power & Mining Projects  Environmentalists & human rights campaigners sound alarm at radical plans to ease conditions for loans, making over $50bn (29bn) of public money a yr available for big power, mining, transport & farming projects. Egypt fuel prices soar up to 70%, exasperating the public 'More than 10' politicians on list held by police investigating Westminster 'paedophile ring' A profoundly troubled United States condemned reports Saturday that an American teenager detained in Israel was severely beaten while in police custody, amid heightened tensions with Palestinians American IRA supporters sent weapons used for Orangemen murders  The Order yesterday demanded an explanation from the US authorities after information was passed to the institution by the PSNI's Historical Enquiries Team. Dubai is planning on building world's largest shopping mall in a temperaturecontrolled city BBC staff ordered to stop giving equal air time to climate deniers The network will stop airing debates featuring members of the antiscience fringe 63 abducted women, girls escape from Boko Haram Dalai Lama urges halt to Buddhist violence against Muslims Povertystricken Filipino parents are increasingly getting their children to perform live sex shows on camera for Australian paedophiles, it has been revealed, as a Victorian man was today one of the first to be jailed for his involvement Magnitude 7.1 earthquake rocks southern Mexico, Guatemala  USGS Pope apologizes for 'sacrilegious cult' of Church's sexual abuse Fukushima has 9 days to prevent unsafe overheating Japan picks Israel as first research & development cooperation agreement partner Tebbit hints at sex abuse coverup as pressure over missing files intensifies Thatcher's administration hid officials, MPs and peers all implicated in child sex abuse, including one Conservative MP at the time who was reportedly found with child pornography but subsequently released by the police TSA targets mobile phones and electronics in new security policies direct flights to US will require passengers to show cellphones to security as authorities work to counter threat of explosives More than 60 women and girls escape Islamist abductors in Nigeria A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced a prominent human rights lawyer to 15 years imprisonment and barred him from traveling for another 15 years after that on charges related to his activism US Restricts Uncharged Electronic Devices On Planes Spain to charge tax of 0.03 percent on bank deposits Cursed Warship Revealed With Treasure Onboard KGB defector's cold war secrets are revealed at last  Vasili Mitrokhin's demand granted 20 years on as 2,000 pages of notes he made from KGB archives begin to be made public Typhoon Described As A Once In Decades Storm Is Barreling Toward Japan UK report AntiMuslim hate crime rising Okinawa within the path of Category 5 Super Typhoon Neoguri. Australian High Court injunction blocks potential handover of 153 asylum seekers to Sri Lanka by Australian Government Russia successfully testlaunches longrange interceptor missile for defense system S500 Syrian militant leader preaches jihad with Hello Kitty notepad Thousands march in Bust the Budget rallies across Australia to oppose Abbott Governments budget cuts Pyongyang calls for Koreas federalization & reunification without outside interference Christian leader jailed for 12 years amid Chinese church crackdown Elephant Cries After He Is Rescued Following 50 Years Of Abuse Drug overdoses triple in Russia, killing over 100,000 a year SexAbuse Victims to Pope Stop Begging for Forgiveness and Just Stop the Abuse Ebola 'out of control' in West Africa as health workers rush to trace 1,500 possible victims Samsung factory robbed at gunpoint in Brazil, $36 million in smartphones, tablets and laptops stolen Israeli Army Authorized to Mobilize 40,000 Soldiers Tony Abbott's government is 'recklessly endangering' the future on climate, says UK chief Children's homes were 'supply line' for paedophiles, says exminister Lord Warner Australia is facing international condemnation after it confirmed it handed a boat of asylum seekers to the government of Sri Lanka where they now face rigorous imprisonment. Australian federal and state police are ordering phone providers to hand over personal information about thousands of mobile phone users, whether they are targets of an investigation or not LongLost Iron Age Temple Unearthed in Iraq Lifesize human statues and column bases from a longlost temple dedicated to a supreme god have been discovered in the Kurdistan region of northern Iraq. The discoveries date back over 2,500 years to the Iron Age The Vatican bank has blocked the accounts of more than 2,000 clients and ended some 3,000 customer relationships as part of a cleanup process that nearly wiped out its profit. Airport security you won't fly to the US if your mobile phone battery is dead British Airways says it will turn away passengers booked on USbound flights if their electrical devices will not switch on Canadians are eating tarsands pollution | Tarsands operations are contaminating the wild animals that members of the Mikisew Cree and Athabasca Chipewyan First Nations have traditionally relied on for food. Exclusive CIA had role in Germany spy affair Former children's minister I'll name and shame Commons paedophiles Once In Decades Typhoon Approaches Japan, Two Nuclear Power Plants U.N. SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon has announced that the United Nations is recognizing the gay marriages of all its staffers Germany Dumps NoSpying Pact with United States Bahrain Ejects US Diplomat After He Met Shiites Emma Watson is the new Goodwill Ambassador for the U.N.s genderequality arm, U.N. Women Islamist terror threat to west blown out of proportion  former MI6 chief  Richard Dearlove says extremists are now focused on Middle East and giving them publicity in west is counterproductive Previously Uncontacted Amazon Tribe Emerges From Rainforest Three Jewish extremists arrested for the killing of a Palestinian teenager have confessed to the attack, an Israeli official said Monday, as shock waves from the brutal murder continued to spread. Gaza Israel launches Operation Protective Edge Germany destroy Brazil 71 as Miroslav Klose becomes the record scorer by netting his 16th finals goal in World Cup History. Approximately 23 buses have been set ablaze in Sao Paolo, Brazil following the World Cup defeat to Germany. British woman, 65, 'threw spear at officials' as she was arrested for allegedly running Philippines 'House of Horrors' where children as young as six months suffered abuse There is a second Snowden  says Greenwald Latest Snowden Leaks FBI Targeted MuslimAmerican Lawyers Another German Spy working for US Israeli rockets strike at more than 400 Gaza sites Bill Gates funds birth control microchip A Ukrainian military officer was captured by proRussian separatists in eastern Ukraine and is currently being held at a detention facility in the Russian city of Voronezh Kidnapped Israeli teens were shot 10 times with silenced gun, according to U.S. official Files on UK role in CIA rendition accidentally destroyed, says minister | Rights groups say FCO claim records of flights in and out of Diego Garcia missing due to water damage 'smacks of coverup' Central Israel under threat as Iron Dome intercepts rockets over Tel Aviv Canadian Mark Emery due to released from federal prison after serving 5 years for selling Marijuana seeds Live updates on the Israeli air raids on Gaza  32 Palestinians killed in 'operation protective edge' including children Because of Australian PM Tony Abbott's 'Stop the Boat' policy, 12 mothers seeking asylum in Australia 'attempt suicide' to give kids chance China says it will punish journalists just for talking about state secrets Second 'suspected spy' in Germany UN issued with roadmap on how to avoid climate catastrophe | Report is the first of its kind to prescribe concrete actions that the biggest 15 economies must take to keep warming below 2C Cocaine use in Scotland highest in world ahead of the US and Spain Female Iranian journalist sentenced to two years and 50 lashes Israeli peace conference cut short when rocket attack forces attendees to evacuate Uncontacted tribe in Brazil ends its isolation Edward Snowden has applied for extended asylum in Russia, his lawyer says China's incredible highspeed rail system Beijing has spent hundreds of billions of dollars to build the world's largest highspeed rail system  a feat accomplished in less than a decade. Iraq forces find 53 corpses south of Baghdad b'Somali pirates hijack oil tanker going to US' b'Denmark approves new precrime arrests ahead of Copenhagen climate protests.  Danish Ministry of Justice states new powers include preemptive detention to 12 hours and apply to international activists. Protesters charged with hindering the police face 40 days in prison. ' b'One in five HIV sufferers in Africa was infected by medical staff using dirty needles and clinical equipment' Apparently it's not good enough to make homosexuality illegal, now Uganda may go even further and put gays to death  along with anyone who advocates on their behalf According to scientist calculations, considering world economy as in input/output physical engine, global warming can't be stopped unless civilization collapse or building a new nuclear plant a day b'They talk of Gandhi and in the same breath complain about how things stopped in Tehran! Are they crazy? It took him 30 years. He went back to prison again and again. Seems that many expected events in Iran to unfold like a movie, where bullets miss the good guys and the bad guys are easily beaten.' b'Blair Adviser Bush Spoke of Iraq Soon After 9/11 ' b'Honduras democracy Opposition radio 80% of time off air because Army broadcasting powerful signal on same wavelength, particularly when station broadcasting news, opinions against de facto government. On election day, trade union HQ attacked with machine gun fire.' b'Hugo Chavez could nationalize private banks unless they comply with the law' It gets worse Tony Blair 'asked for Iraq war options in June 2002'  b'Dubai Has Always Been Bankrupt  Morally and Environmentally' Iran's announces that it intends to build another 10 uranium enrichment plants after international demands for it to stop work on a previouslysecret underground site. b'Thousands of pages of declassified U.S. documents on the 1989 murders of six prominent Jesuit clerics in EL Salvador, indicate the CIA and U.S. State Department had foreknowledge' b'General Sir Michael Rose Why I believe Blair should stand trial, and face charges for war crimes' b'South Korean navy ship rescues North Korean soldier' b'Kenyans draw weapons over shrinking resources' b'Journalists protest massacre in Philippines At least  30 members of the press were killed in the largest  attack on the media ever' b'Where in the World Is the Pakistani Taliban? ' b'Irans most senior cleric denounced the role of the volunteer militia force known as the Basij in the crackdown against protesters, decreeing that the assailants have acted against religion and must pay blood money to those who were injured or their families.' b'The Organization of American States (OAS) have condemned the Honduran elections as illegitimate and refused to send observers. So has the United Nations and the European Union, as well as UNASUR and ALBA' b'Honduran President Manuel Zelaya Requests International Tribunal ' b'U.A.E. Removes Sunday London Times From Newsstands' b'IEA changes it's mind on Peak Oil again.  Now says demand for oil in OECD countries has peaked, is in permanent decline.  Really, I hadn't noticed any countries actively reducing their need for oil ??' b'Dubai Worlds Debt Not Guaranteed by Government ' Africa uses male circumcision to help fight AIDS, but it isn't the sole solution. The former PM is said to be furious that his reputation could be 'shredded' during the inquiry. Devestating official memo from top law officer warned Blair that the war *IS* illegal. Officer was bullied and ostracized. Bhopal On 3 Dec 1984, clouds of poison leaking from a Union Carbide pesticides plant brought death to thousands in this city. A quarter of a century later, victims of the world's worst industrial disaster are still being born. And still there's been no trial! b'Pedophile priests protected not only by Church but also by police who decided that the crimes of the Catholic Church were outside their remit' b'Switzerland votes on Muslim minaret ban' b'Blair was told Iraq war illegal report' b'Man Sentenced for Killing Sister over Western Clothes, MakeUp...' b'Emir of Abu Dhabi to buy Dubai for US$ 80 billion' b'Wikipedia Losing Volunteers  Many people are getting burnt out when they have to debate about the contents of certain articles again and again... ' b'Two Afghan teenagers say they were beaten by  American guards, photographed naked, deprived of  sleep and held in solitary confinement at secretive  Bagram black prison run by U.S. Special  Operations forces' b'Iraq The war was illegal  Then Attorney General Goldsmith was 'pinned to the wall and bullied into keeping quiet' while the Prime Minister kept the Cabinet in the dark  The Chilcot inquiry' b'UK child protection paranoia Parents who want to accompany their children to Christmas carol services and other festive activities are being officially vetted for criminal records in case they are paedophiles' b'Why Arabs do not revolt against their corrupt  dictators, 70 million illiterate among other things' b'Irans government today announced plans to build 10 new uranium enrichment plants' b'Iraq invasion was of questionable legitimacy, says British diplomat' b'It seems the pious policewoman and the even more pious judge took no notice of the law which stipulates that Christians are exempt from sharia law, that a child under 18 cannot be whipped or placed in the dock without her family present (Never mind a lawyer)' b'Dubai bankruptcy is a taste of things to come' b'Rwanda joins the Commonwealth   Rwanda joined the Commonwealth on Sunday, becoming only the second country which was not formerly a British colony to be admitted to the group.  ' b'Is Your Seafood Harvested by Slaves? Life is hell for Thailands fishermen slaves, a largely Burmese workforce lured into the Thai fishing industry by brokers' b'Prime Minister of Vanuatu loses parliamentary seat over blunder' Mysterious 'Saddam Channel' hits Iraq TV b'Ok what is going on here? Read this and tell me your Opinion' b'Homemade bomb derailed Russian train, killing at least 39 officials' b'Driven down by debt, Dubai expats give new meaning to longstay car park (Times online article, Feb 2009)' b'Swiss minaret vote Projections suggest ban backed.  Another thing added to the ban list.  Geesh.' b'Moscow  Overpopulated With People and Cars' Experts call for inquest into the death of David Kelly, the British scientist who was found dead after casting doubt on the government's claim that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction U.S. marijuana legalization could cause a recession in Canada, where pot is the most profitable agricultural product Al Jazeera investigates fraud and corruption in US pharmaceutical industry A serving officer in the United States Army is removed from the Omar Khadr's jury after informing the court of his belief that the Americanrun prison camps in Guantnamo Bay ought to be shut down.  Record speeding fine of 650,000 ($1 011 920,  789,163 ) given to motorist in Switzerland, the penalty calculated on basis of his income and speed of 300kph (186mph). More than 150 Irish artists have announced that they will not perform or exhibit in Israel, or accept any funding from any institutions connected to the Israeli government What does a JewishIsraeli man have do to with refurbishing a mosque? The answer is simple I'm sick and tired of the hatred. Bollywood Superstar Aamir Khan Shines the Spotlight on What's Caused an Estimated 150,000 Farmer Suicides in India Iran to gain nuclear power as Russia loads fuel into Bushehr reactor. After years of delay, uraniumpacked fuel rods for 1,000megawatt plant will be installed next week Phytoplankton bloom off east coast the size of Newfoundland, visible from space CIA evidence of an Israeli nuclear test
 A war on drugs? No, this is a war on the Mexican people Henry Kissinger believes that containing Iran will depend on showing its leaders that we're willing to go to war. I mean, it worked so well with Iraq, right? UN Wartime rape no more inevitable, acceptable than mass murder  New findings suggest that stone tools may have been used up to 3.4 million years ago. Poland Fresh evidence regarding CIA rendition flights Strong 7.2 Quake hits the Mariana Islands Region near Guam. Romania says it will stand by Israel in event of conflict with Iran PostUSSR Russian Orthodox revival leads to discrimination, bigotry.  Major employer threatens to fire any woman having abortion, any couple not married in Russian Orthodox church by October. Russia Says It Will Begin Fueling Iran Nuclear Plant Pakistan flooding Aid officials note the absence of substantial commitments from the Gulf states China's government is investigating reports that a brand of powdered milk caused infant girls to grow breasts.  I return to my country because of the racism in France (Via Google Translate) Arab students We're being kept out of TAU dorms because we didn't serve in IDF Iran is not going to stone to death adulterous woman. They are going to hang her. b'London 2012 Olympics  Police will have powers to enter private homes and seize posters' b'No to Nynorsk Norwegian county of Rogaland moving towards doing away with Nynorsk in favour of Bokml in order to strengthen the Norwegian language' b'Iceland rejects Icesave bill in referendum' b'Your daily dose of North Korean insanity' b'The teenager is believed to be the first person  charged under Australian law with offensive  behaviour for listening to music.' b'The internet is a net to trap people, Chinese blogger in translation' Lost Jewish tribe 'found in Zimbabwe' b'Blackwater Iraq allegations prompt US review' b'Guatemala top cops busted, death squads exposed' b'Hailstorm brings chaos to Melbourne' b'Bitterness and unease in bankrupt Zimbabwe' First contact The man who'll welcome aliens b'In Baghdad, Sunnis await elections with unease ' b'Oil, the other Iraq election issue' b'Icelandic referendum set to snub UK repayment demand ' 'Superpower Exploring the extraordinary power of the internet.' [BBC]  b'Photos of Palestinian daily suffering!! worth checking out!!' b'Turkish PM says U.S. vote to greatly harm ties' b'Egyptian queens burial chamber discovered in Egypt' b'ChinaDaily Yuan to remain stable, opposes politicizing monetary issues, stimulus package benefits world' Middleaged British couple kidnapped by Somali pirates could be 'free in a fortnight' Thousands of beachgoers shrugged off [tsunami] alerts following Chile's huge earthquake. UK childkiller's return to jail sparks debate. (James Bulger's murderer from 1993) b'A man believed to be a sumo wrestler ripped out a cash machine weighing 90kg (200lb) and made off with it on his shoulders, police in Moscow report.' b'Kidnapping for ransom is one of the most profitable and widespread criminal enterprises in Pakistan. But it is one that has, until now, been fairly well hidden.' b'Newspaper in Mideastern nation photoshops women out of photograph of government cabinet' b'People thinking about embarking on demonstrations in the future may have to decide whether they want to be effectively locked up for eight hours without food or water and, when leaving, to be photographed and identified.' b'Did the handling of the G20 protests reveal the future of policing?' b'New foreign minister of Israel, Avigdor Lieberman, and his threats to wipe off the map Egypt and Palestine' b'A video of the first known public flogging of a woman in Swat has outraged Pakistanis and raised questions once again about the governments decision to enter into a peace deal in February that effectively ceded Swat to the Taliban and allowed them to impose Islamic law.' Mayans We're Not Leaving Even If We Have To Die b'Israel is feeling the heat from boycotts' First test of Netanyahu's influence on Obama administration. Will the US give a visa to Mossad director implicated by FBI in espionage on US. b'Orthodox paper photoshops women out of Israeli cabinet' b'Police have been ordered to release footage of the July 7 bombers after a threeyear freedom of information battle.' b'Is it the beginning of a new world economic order? ' b'UN appoints Jewish Judge to head  Gaza warcrimes team ' b'Bangladesh bans beggars' I shouted after her but she is a bit deaf. I couldn't chase her as I've had a triple heart bypass. b'South Africa's ruling ANC party has condemned Archbishop Desmond Tutu's criticism of the organisation, describing it as sacrilege.' b'The Arabs of Palestine  an article from 1961' Critics assail Afghan law that 'legalizes rape' b'Two people were killed and eight wounded late on Friday when a bomb exploded outside a restaurant in the troubled southern Philippines, police said.' Army lied about how my son died in Iraq Friendlyfire victim was 'misidentified' as enemy gunman b'No one gave any credence to the possibility of such a huge political plan, because... there had never been a forced displacement of an entire nationality. But as we will unfortunately see, that which had seemed impossible to everyone at that time... became possible during the world war.' Italian 'Apartheid' bus service to be launched b'Everything you need to know about the G20 deal' Children aren't pets  Malawi court rejects Madonna adoption bid b'UN judge to investigate alleged Israeli war crimes in Gaza' b'Joe Klein Netanyahu Unhinged' Spaniards grateful to Bill O'Reilly for promising not to visit Spain anymore. b''Settlers' assault 14year old on his familys land and kidnap him, Then they told me to run in front of them to the settlement. I ran and they followed me on their motorcycles. One of them kept hitting me in the foot. I cried the whole way' b'Man Dies After Collapsing at G20 Protest in London, police trying to help the man are getting bottles thrown at them.' b'Sweden votes in favor of legalizing gay marriage' b'Axwielding Palestinian militant kills 13yearold Israeli in the West Bank' b'G20 Protesters Gone Wild  Thousands clash with police, shout Abolish money!, break into Bank of Scotland [PICS]' b'Lieberman, questioned by police for at least seven hours over corruption allegations' Privacy Not a Human Right?  Sweden's Piracy Law Violates Human Rights It's official An embryo is not only as valued as a human, it's worth MORE than the life of a 9year old girl. So sayeth the (Catholic) Lord. b'G20 to give $1 TRILLION to IMF, World Bank' b'Oppression and poverty push Shiite leaders in Saudi Arabia to threaten  secession of the Eastern Province  ' b'FBI called in over Wolverine leak on the web' b'This is the only reason we are not seeing food lines like in the great depression, they did not have food stamps or welfare' b'Should Israel Be Boycotted?' b'Social Media Madness (featuring Zaibatsu)' b'Police Lob Teargas at Hundreds of NATO Protesters' b'Islamic Jihad kills Israeli child in West Bank' b'Riot police used tear gas and rubber bullets to beat back a crowd of several hundred antiNATO protesters in Strasbourg on Thursday' b'The single best argument against Israel? Maps...' b'Amnesty International is accusing the French authorities of failing to investigate alleged violence by security forces.' Uri Avnery Israel's Deception Tango b'Israeli terrorist fires rubber bullet at handcuffed, blindfolded Palestinian [video]' b'China restricts online video after YouTube police beating Tibetan' b'Sweden passes samesex marriage law |  CNN.com' b'13YearOld Boy Axed to Death in Israeli Settlement' b'I can see PALIN from my REDDIT!' b'Police car travelling at 90mph in a 30mph zone at night without sirens on hit and kills a young girl' b'Canadian hitman admits 28 deaths. In other news, there are hitmen in Canada.' b'What rich countries gave in foreign aid last year [chart]' b'Japan pays jobless foreigners money to go home, they must promise to not return' b'Facing mounting U.S. opposition behind the scenes, Israel still plans to continue a covert operation to delay Iran's nuclear program by assassinating key Iranian scientists' b'New Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Wednesday that Israel was not bound by understandings on the creation of a Palestinian state reached at a U.S.sponsored conference at Annapolis in November 2007.' b'New Afghan Law to Force Women to Have Sex' b'Tea prices are surging. Is your mug next?' b'Teacher in trouble over thong' North Korea We'll shoot a rocket! U.S. We'll shoot down your rocket! North Korea We'll shoot down your rocket shootdowners! Israel Not Obligated to Seek TwoState Solution, Foreign Minister Says (Do they have April Fool's in the Middle East?) b'Israel rejects US sponsored peace deal with Palenstine' b'Is it legally apartheid?  the Palestine conundrum' b'Shocker BMW AG PURCHASES HARLEYDAVIDSON' Earth population 'exceeds limits' b'Somali pirates pick on the wrong ship' b'G20 Terrorist Plot Exposed As Teenagers With Plastic Guns And Fireworks ' b'Foreign minister says Israel not bound to follow twostate path' b'Russia and US renew nuclear talks, The discussions will be the first such talks for more than a decade.' U.S. Must Draw the Line on Israel's Settlements b'Sudan leader on Mecca pilgrimage' b' Sex workers rally against new crime bill' b'The War on Terror being phased out  Not enough people convinced, back to older excuses to pass Security Legislation' b'This sign at the G20 protest in London says it all!' b'The dark side of Dubai' b'Hundreds of photographers have staged a protest outside Scotland Yard against a new law which they say could stop them taking pictures of the police.' b'Israeli Physicians for Human Rights Israel created terror without mercy in Gaza' If waterboarding was a war crime when the Japanese did it to my father, why isn't it a war crime anymore?... Iraqi shoethrower's sentence cut to one year. b'Cop hits man at G20, man later dies of natural causes [VID]' b'OMG WTF is wrong with these people?  Video of Witches being burned in Kenya NOT FOR THE FAINTHEARTED' Students in Moldova have attacked the country's parliament in protest at the victory of the governing Communist Party in Sunday's general election. b'Obama renewes support for the Annapolis agreement but an Israeli Minister responds Israel does not take orders from Obama ' b'Students use Twitter to storm presidency in Moldova ' b'Iceland said to be one of the five most dangerous countries in the world' b'Pfizer to pay $75m after deaths of Nigerian children in drug trial experiment' b'Palestinian, acting alone, kills three Israelis. Off duty police officer shoots him dead. To teach a lesson, they tear down his house against the appeals of his family. Meanwhile, they shoot dead another Palestinian who drives at them during this!' b'25 years in prison for expresident of Peru, Alberto Fujimori, guilty of murder and kidnapping for death squad activities (How many for Cheney, Bush?)' b'Dollar as the world reserve currency system is coming to an end Soros' b'Last Saturday a 75yearold retired university professor was severely beaten in a cemetery as part of what rights groups are saying is a concerted effort by the Chinese government to head off any efforts to memorialize the deaths of hundreds of Tiananmen Square protestors.' b'Indian journalist throws a shoe at top minister  the shoe protest craze continues' b'Violent Protests Erupt in Moldova ' b'India bans mining of asbestos but not its import and usage. Canada regulates usage of asbestos but allows mining and export. Pop quiz Where does Canada sell asbestos?' Al Jazeera's take on Obama's address to the Turkish parliament b'Indian shoe thrower released!!' b'Sexting Should Teens be Prosecuted? at BettyConfidential.com' Schindler's actual list turns up in Australia b'Moldova students raid parliament' Swiss slide into deflation signals the next chapter of this global crisis  Watch Switzerland closely. It is tipping into deflation, the first Western country to succumb to Japan's disease. b'Dubai How Not to Build a City' b'Scientology being sued over human trafficking and coerced abortions' b'Italy muzzled scientist who foresaw quake ' b'Former US diplomat exposes Israeli assasinations of US officials' b'Dark side of the Dubai dream' b'Riot Cops Killed Newspaper Seller At G20  Multiple eyewitnesses say man was attacked after media initially reported death was accidental' b'Israeli police to charge FM Lieberman on money laundering, bribery, fraud and breach of trust' b'Telling the truth about the Armenian genocide.  By Christopher Hitchens' b'Israeli and Palestinian human rights groups said Monday they have collected evidence that Israeli troops attacked Palestinian medical workers and delayed the evacuation of wounded people during the recent offensive in Gaza.' b'At least 90 dead and over 30,000 people lost their homes in an earthquake in Italy' b'Strong 6.3 earthquake rocks central Italy' b'Criminal charges against Jacob Zuma  the man almost certain to become South Africas president  were withdrawn by prosecutors today. Hundreds of A.N.C. members began celebrating in downtown Johannesburg, dancing and singing Mr. Zumas trademark anthem, Bring Me My Machine Gun.' b'BILDERBERG TO MEET IN GREECE IN MAY 2009' b'Israels racist and fascist foreign minister the real power in government  Uri Avnery' b'Toplevel government corruption emerges in China  President Hu Jintao and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao involved  Communist Party of China furious' Why G20 Leaders Won't Fulfill Promises to Follow the Free Trade Model... b'Palestinian doctor who lost three kids in Gaza op tapped for Nobel Prize' b'At least 20 dead in Italy by earthquake 6.3 magnitude, buildings collapse and thousands left homeless' b'Dozens dead as quake hits Italy' b'Children, 10 and 11, questioned over vicious knife attack on two boys in UK' b'Taliban blamed for mosque blast' b'PM Brown plays down expenses row' b'Youve got to be kidding. What a horrifying poll result 57% of Americans Back Military Response to N. Korea' b'Syrian man tries to assassinate President Obama with a knife. Possibly never heard of the secret service.' b'Ever wanted to scrawl graffiti onto the West Bank separation wall? Indirectly, now you can.' b'Obama to call for elimination of all nuclear weapons in the world.' b'President will be able to shut down the internet  No President should have this power' Police 'assaulted' bystander who died during G20 protests b'Danish cartoonist who drew Muhammad in 2006 comes out of hiding' North Korea 'has launched rocket' Mexican President US authorities 'complicit' in drug trafficking  Tsvangirai grandson dies in pool, this man can't catch a break ( b'Six gay men shot to death in Iraq' b'British complicity in rendition and torture predates 9/11' b'In a country with appetites for strange foods like cats, dogs, turtles, etc., maybe it's not such a good idea to start a headline with Chinese hunger for sons' b'Why family planning must become a global priority' b'Afghanistan reviews its marital rape law under international pressure.' b'Yeah, I think we get it North Korea launched a missle.' To the shock of no one, North Korean rocket 'failed to send satellite into space' b'Japanese media reports that North Korea raunched a locket.' Blair steps up fight to be crowned first 'President of EU'  Europe, World  The Independent b'Berlusconi  as understated as Elvis | FaceJolt' b'Possible response to N. Korean missile launch' b'A Thai citizen has been sentenced to 10 years in jail for violating strict laws against insulting the monarchy.' b'Obama to call for nuclearfree world' b'N. Korea defiantly launches rocket over Pacific  USATODAY.com' b'LiveLeak.com  (documentary) Welcome to North Korea (2003) (Part 1/2)' b'Economic Nationalism is Complicating the Crisis.' b'Hey, Check Out the Genocide Going on in Darfur' b'Monaco hunts for dictators stashes ' b'Video of screaming woman being flogged shakes Pakistan as officials yield to Taliban' b'How did so many millions of decent Canadians come to be ruled by such a weird government' Outcry in Pakistan after video of a 17yrold girl's flogging by the Taliban is shown on TV b'Israeli settlers take over Palestinian residence in Jerusalems old city' So which country doctors cabinet images to remove females from it? No not Pakistan or the Saudi's, yes, Israel.... b'US blocks extradition of war crimes suspect (concentration camp guard) to Germany for prosecution' b'The Trillion Dollar Ad Campaign AntiMugabe Forces In Zimbabwe Are Using Worthless Currency To Protest Against Dictatorship [pics]' b'BBC released Gaza death toll long time ago1,300 Gazans were killed, about a third of them civilians meaning all Palestinian males are not counted as civilians ... Impartiality indeed!' A year ago he was Russia's richest oligarch. Now he's a warning to the others. b'China keeps getting dinged for poor health & safety management. Mutants keep showing up on farms. Coincidence?' b'Wife of Guatemalan Human Rights Officer kidnapped and tortured  action alert' b'Danish Prime Minister appointed as the next Secretary General of NATO' b'Isn't he like Dumb and Dumber ? So stupid it's ridiculous.' b' Israels pious press blots out female ministers...WTF is it about the poonanny that makes the religiously afflicted want to cover it up, photoshop it out of existance, cover it up in a Burka, dress it up in nonrevealing pastel colors...whats up?  Antiwar Newswire ' b'NWFP govt, Taliban term video release conspiracy...sounds not unlike other constant complainers in the region...to these people, exposing the truth is a conscious conspiracy.' b'Danish PM to head Nato' b'Pakistani Taliban chief claims U.S. shooting' b'fixed wing airborne magnetic and radiometric geophysical survey commissioned by the Company over the Cerro Solo claim block has yielded an interpretive map showing locations of surface uranium anomalies and subsurface faults. Cerro Solo is located in southern Argentina within the Province of Chubut.' the worst case of human trafficking i've ever read...100 locked in an airtight container...43 of them died from suffocation b'Need help  Of news sources available online, what are your top 3?' Tragedy hits Zimbabwe's prime minister anew with death of grandson b'Israel Anticipated a Stronger Hamas in Gaza War' b'Mumbai attacker Kasab shifted to bombproof prison cell' b'China Is Gearing Up For A Summer Of Discontent' b'Reading this story will restrict your freedom to blog' b'Antigovernment protesters in Tibet sentenced to death' BREAKING!! In total upset Kim 'reelected' as N Korea leader!! b'CIA shuts down its secret prisons' a quarter of oilrich Saudi's population is below poverty line, all oil money goes to ruling princes b'The UK police officer who assaulted Ian Tomlinson has come forward, will be questioned by investigators today' b'After twenty years of US placing bounties on Pakistanis and Afghanis (pashtuns) no one has ever turned anyone in for the money..........this is why.' b'European and Asian countries sent their commercial fleets to fish in Somali waters. Other European countries sent drums of nuclear waste, to be dumped at sea. And we wonder why they hijack boats...' b'Click on any country to see U.S. military involvement (interactive map)' b'Bastard tried to flee the minivan too...RIP Angels Pitcher Adenhart' b'Israeli forces detain ten Gazan fishermen and seize their boats' b'A week after a largely rightwing Israeli government took power, differences are emerging with main ally Washington over Middle East peace efforts that could develop into an allout confrontation.' b'this Israeli government, like its predecessors, has little interest in complying with its obligations' Making up antiSemitism 'Jerusalem Post' admits it was duped by hoaxer on report of antiSemitism Refugees killed on the final battlefield between Sri Lanka's army and the Tamil Tigers; U.N. chief says both sides may be guilty of war crimes b'UK Police  Unaccountable, Secretive and Out of Control' How to lose your security clearance in 5 seconds Britain's top counterterrorism officer, Bob Quick, resigned after he accidently revealed a secret document to photographers.  Kurt Cobain's estate swindled out of MILLIONS of dollars!! b'Focus on the Family child molester busted for attempted rape' b'The Case Against Shell Landmark human rights trial on April 29, 2009 (Wiwa v. Shell)   for its role in the repression of the Ogoni people and the executions of the Ogoni Nine' At least 20 people were killed and nearly 300 injured yesterday when a hospital in the last area of Sri Lanka held by the Tamil Tigers was shelled in what one doctor described as the worst day of bloodshed since the start of the military campaign.  Why doesn't reddit care? b'FBI joins effort in hostage standoff with pirates' b'French lawmakers reject Internet piracy bill' b'Mum executes her own son at shooting range' b'Four Tibetans sentenced to death for starting fires during unrest in Lhasa' b'50,000+ hold protest against president in Georgia (the country)' b'Mexican President Calderon It is impossible to pass tons of drugs to the US without some complicity of American authorities' Portugal's drug decriminalization policy shows positive results Five years later, street drugrelated deaths from overdoses drop and the rate of HIV cases crashes b'More on the success of drug decriminalization in Portugal' b'Radiohead to Testify Against the RIAA! Go Radiohead!' b'Oil tankers anchor off British coast waiting for oil prices to rise ' b'french cops throwing rocks at the protesters during NATO summit. talk about police provocation' b'America Fuck Yeah!' b'What is fragile should break early while it is still small. Nothing should ever become too big to fail. (author of Black Swan)' b'Former Peruvian president Alberto Fujimori sentenced to 25 years' b'G20 death shows systemic problems in the police ' Police forced to launch massive terror raids in UK 'months early' after their own boss accidentally shows photographers a top secret briefing document on the surveillance operation b'Chinese unemploymentWhere will all the students go?' Germany's Sense of Order; relating Germany's economic actions to their culture b'Winery in Japan employs more than 100 Autistic workers. Except for the part where employs means pays them, but confiscates their wages and then charges their families for 'tuition.'' b'Tony Blair, who is a Roman Catholic, challenges  the entrenched attitudes of the Pope on homosexuality, argues it is time for him to rethink his views' b'Russia is drinking herself to death.' b'Three Accused of Mass Murder/Genocide in Rwanda Win Extradition Appeal and Walk Free' b'Ten Arrested after Counter Terrorism Officer Reveals Confidential Document' Last embrace Baby survives Baghdad car bombing in slain mother's lap b'Greece Teeters on the Verge of Bankruptcy' b'Spies Penetrate U.S. Electrical Grid' b'Jewish settlers rampage through West Bank village' b'Mother executes Son at firing range, in plain sight of security cameras [PICS]' b'Jewish settlers rampage through West Bank village smashing car windows and damaging homes' Dubai's Slave Labor, a Documentary Short by Journalist Ben Anderson b'Hello Wikileaks?  Huge UK Bank gags newspaper from revealing multimillion pound tax rort.' b'Pakistan is not about to explode, Islamic militants are not going to take power, nuclear weapons are not trafficked to AlQaida, the army is not about to send the Taliban to invade India, a civil war is unlikely' It's the end of the road for Vietnamese victims of Agent Orange. US court refuses to hear final appeal by Vietnamese plaintiffs against chemical giants Dow and Monsanto b'Over 200 arrested in Montreal protest against policy brutality' b'Pope says condoms not the answer to fighting AIDS  in fact they make the problem worse. People actually listen to this fossil?' b'Smart kids are more likely to become heavy drinkers' b' Nestle India seeks permanent ban on workers freedom of assembly' b'Founding a modern state on a single ethnic or religious identity in a territory that is ethnically and religiously diverse leads inexorably either to politics of exclusion or to wholesale ethnic cleansing. Put simply, the problem is Zionism.' b'Her only option was a temporary career change she became a prostitute. New Zealand's liberal attitude to the sex trade' More Mexican troops arrive in Jurez as part of 'Operation Chihuahua' b'Asylumseeker sent back home by Britain. Executed in Darfur by Sudan security officials' b'Languages are rapidly disappearing [chart]' b'We're not winning the battle, Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard told lawmakers. The violence that we see in Mexico is fueled 65 to 70 percent by the trade in one drug marijuana.' b'Chinese firms sign 3 billion dollar natural gas deal with Iran' b'Europe is suddenly having second thoughts about resettling Gitmo detainees ' In Provence winemakers are up in arms and warning that the whole artdevivre and economy of the south of France is under threat from the European Commission's proposal to allow producers in all member states to make ros by simply mixing red and white wine. b'World Food Program Turkey has gone from an aid recipient to a giver of aid in 10 years' Airlines around the world 'mishandled' 42 million bags in 2007 and irretrievably lost more than a million of them, a pressure group has said. b'The Barclays Bank Whistleblower inside the strange world of the Barclays taxavoidance office' b'Pope in Africa reaffirms no condoms against AIDS (Reuters)' b'Great Aussie firewall claims first victim' Hundreds of patients 'died unnecessarily' at flagship UK hospital Critics attack Pope for his 'myopic' views on condoms Israel's national security aide barred from U.S.   Former Israeli spy linked to Pentagon leak b'Madagascar president quits, hands over power' A Japanese home adrift in the Pacific Ocean, photographed by U.S. Navy Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Dylan McCord. [PIC] Brave men in Japan stay back to help contain the nuclear plants.  Honor and courage in their blood. A video from Japan **BREAKING NEWS**(15MAR2011 1051PM EDT) Work to Prevent Meltdowns at Japanese Nuclear Plant Suspended; All Workers Evacuated Due to Radiation Surge Japan earthquake Japan warned over nuclear plants, WikiLeaks cables show   Japan was warned more than two years ago by the international nuclear watchdog that its nuclear power plants were not capable of withstanding powerful earthquakes, leaked diplomatic cables reveal. A pilot has defected from Gadaffi's army in a spectacular suicide attempt to take down his stronghold, Baab Al Aziziyah in the heart of Tripoli [NSFL]Worst gore that I've seen. I'm only posting so that maybe media picks it up and pressure is put on Bahrain (A protester in Bahrain is brought to a hospital with his head and brain in pieces hanging). EU to force social network sites to enhance privacy  'Right to be forgotten' would ensure users of Facebook and other sites could completely erase personal data.
 Six socialist activists in Zimbabwe are facing the real possibility of a death penalty. Their crime? Watching  a video about the uprisings in Egypt and Libya. Bolivia The source would also testify and prove that, in order to carry out that coup, the CIA, State and Justice departments had to combine forces to protect their drug dealing assets by destroying a DEA investigationUS v Roberto Suarez, et al. How do I know? I was that inside source. My friend is the only missing JET in Japan. His family and friends are desperate to find information Japanese PM You're the only ones [to deal with this problem]. Retreating [from the power plant and its problems] is simply not an option. Be ready for anything. If you pull out now, that'll be the end of TEPCO, period. BAHRAIN Video from Bahrain showing riot police vandalizing cars allegedly to blame protesters for the vandalism. Man jumps into burning tanker and drives it away from gas station. Hero. WikiLeaks cables show Japan warned over nuclear plants Japan was warned more than two years ago by the international nuclear watchdog that its nuclear power plants were not capable of withstanding powerful earthquakes, leaked diplomatic cables reveal. World's largest paedophile ring uncovered (BBC) U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission says all the water is gone from one of the spent fuel pools at Japan's most troubled nuclear plant. Nothing to stop a meltdown. France says Japan lost control, French should leave Robber killed by an headshot, in Brazil. He was about to cut his hostage's eye. China suspends all new nuclear projects  The chairman of the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission gave a significantly bleaker appraisal of threat posed by the Japanese nuclear crisis than the Japanese government, saying on Wednesday that the damage at one crippled reactor was much more serious than Japanese officials had acknowledged.  BREAKING Tepco has confirmed that a fire has broken out at reactor four with smoke pouring from the reactor. NHK is reporting that the fire is inaccessible because of radiation levels. What if Qaddafi wins? Then what? Smoke rising near troubled Fukushima nuke plant reactor 3 (yes 3) A good explanation, from the Union of Concerned Scientists blog, about the spent fuel pools problem. Raw video of an unarmed protester cooperating with riot police in Bahrain shot in the chest and head (NSFW). Need to spread the word. Britain, France and US line up for airstrikes against Gaddafi Security council expected to pass resolution calling for states to protect Libyan civilians Julian Assange warned privately by Australian 
intelligence official about ''dirty tricks'' from the US 
intelligence community, including the possibility of 
sexual entrapment. Quebec Bans Fracking For Oil/Gas For me, this really hit home. I cried. Obama administration will seek UN approval for air strikes on Libyan military targets seeking to create nofly and nodrive zones Riots across Pakistan after double murderaccused CIA agent Raymond Davis buys freedom Modern day hero This guy decided not to wait for rescue workers. With a scuba suit on, he waded through flooded streets of Japn to rescue his wife, and later his mother. He continues to look for more survivors. Security council Passes No Fly Zone resolution 1st person view of the tsunami in Japan. I saw other angles, but this is unbelievable... Canada  In a historic move, opposition MPs on a House of Commons committee have produced a draft report declaring the Harper government in contempt of Parliament. REBELS ARE CARRYING OUT MASSACRES AGAINST BLACK LIBYANS We had 70 or 80 people from Chad working for our company. They cut them dead with pruning shears and axes, attacking them, saying you're providing troops for Gadhafi. The Sudanese, the Chadians were massacred. We saw it ourselves. Gaddafi says he will attack civilian and military targets in the Mediterranean if there is any foreign military action against Libya. Helicopters Dropping Water On Reactor 3 UN authorises nofly zone over Libya
 The Air Force's superstealthy F22 Raptor fighters likely would see their first combat action if a nofly zone is set up by the U.S. and its allies over Libya, a senior defense official [Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz] said Thursday [17 March 2011].  Problems with Transparency EU eyes a halt to SWIFT data sharing with US Japan tsunami as seen from inside a car hit by the wave Israeli spy ring uncovered by Egyptian authorities. Searching for survivors in Otsuchi, Japan on March 15, 2011. Photo credit REUTERS/Aly Song Hillary Clinton said Bahrain and Saudi Arabia were on the wrong track and demanded that Bahrain show restraint with demonstrators and keep hospitals open Bahrain police killing people by drive by shootings. (video) Riots in Pakistan after double murderaccused Davis buys freedom Kentucky woman arrested for Bosnian war crimes; accused of torturing and murdering ethnic Serbs at prison camps A Tibetan monk in western China set himself on fire in an antigovernment protest, then was beaten and kicked by police, prompting hundreds of monks and others to rally. While my heart aches at what is happening in Japan, I feel that we have a responsibility to not let the world forget about what is happening in Libya. Help keep Libya on the homepage. Yemeni Government forces have opened fire on unarmed demonstrators with poison gas, teargas and live bullets; there is however no international outcry. Japan An elderly man trapped in his house was rescued after three days. He says in a strong voice, I am fine. I experienced the 1960 tsunami so I am fine. Let's rebuild again! 0221 Urgent Explosion at Reactor 3

0220 Sea level has dropped five metres off Fukushima, confirming imminent arrival of tsunami  Japanese TV. Tokyo didn't go dark. But it dimmed itself, a VOLUNTARY POWERCONSERVATION measure in the wake of Friday's catastrophic earthquake.  2000 Bodies Found on Japanese Shore  Japan Earthquake Swarm Animation (every second=1 hour) Libyan Rebels Recapture Brega Saudi Troops Arrive In Bahrain To Suppress Protests WikiLeaks U.S. State Department estimates 50% of mexican police works for drug cartels China requests compensation from New Zealand due to deaths of its citizens in recent earthquake, citing 'loss of future breadwinners' for families Fresh footage of huge tsunami waves smashing town in Japan Japan  Vast Devastation [pics] By the time the outside world agrees on a response to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafis bloody onslaught against a popular revolt, it could all be over. REPORT Nuclear fuel rods are now fully exposed at Japan reactor US aircraft carrier Ronald Reagan passed through radioactive cloud from stricken Japanese nuclear power plant; crew received one month's worth of radiation in one hour; US helicopters flying 60 miles north of plants also became coated with particulate radiation Bahrain protestor shot TWICE by police in point blank range with a tear gas gun [NSFW] Libyan Rebels Warn Gaddafi's Army Will Kill Half A Million Second hydrogen explosion at Fukushima nuclear plant Reactor 3. (Last explosion was Reactor 1) Can the United States feed China?  China is at war. It is not invading armies but expanding deserts. As old deserts grow, as new ones form and as more and more irrigation wells go dry, Beijing is losing a long battle to feed its growing population The Revolution in Egypt did not come out of nowhere and did not take only 18 days, it was years in the making.  Check out this cool PBS Documentary on the Egyptian Revolution. Every Dutch national should hand over a sample of their dna for inclusion in a national data bank to help solve crime says Rotterdam police chief Frank Pauw. If you want to make the world safer, there is a price to pay, Pauw is quoted as saying.  Saudi Arabian forces prepare to enter Bahrain after day of clashes LONDON International powers should consider arming Libyan rebels and need to take swift action to prevent Muammar Gaddafi's forces from crushing a rebellion, Foreign Secretary William Hague said on Monday. BBC News  Libya Rebels say Brega retaken from Gaddafi troops Germany's new boom making money by making stuff; UK and US increasingly relied on the financial sector, Germany concentrated on manufacturing Outrageous Bahrain forces shooting medical personnel, seizing 6 ambulances, using them to fire on protesters While my heart aches at what is happening in Japan and Libya, I feel that we have a responsibility to not let the World forget about what is happening in Haiti.  Oh, Wait.  The World HAS forgotten about Haiti.  Here's hoping for some homepage love, Haiti.   I'm in Japan and we just got rocked again.  6.0 earthquake hits Shizuoka, Kanagawa, & Tokyo. How quickly we forget! From 2005 Japan Proves Truly A Friend Indeed After Hurricane Katrina. The website Couchsurfing has set up a page for displaced people in Japan in need of a home to find temporary accommodation with those with a room/bed to spare. Holy shit  Footage of Tsunami making first contact with land. Executives from Tokyo Electric Power Co. bow in unison to apologize over the crisis at their nuclear plants.  This is something you would *not* see in the US ABC admitted it sought out Julian Assange so he could ask PM Julia Gillard a controversial question on last night's Q&A program Assange asked Ms Gillard if she had shared intelligence on its citizens with foreign powers and whether the Australian people should charge her treason Egypt's January 25 Revolution Youth Coalition has refused to meet Clinton during her visit to Egypt due to her negative attitude towards the revolution at its beginning and due to U.S. policy in the region...groups demanded a formal apology for U.S support to Mubarak's regime in the past decades Excellent N.Y. Times infographic explaining what's happening at the Japanese nuclear plants Norwegian union votes to support Israel boycott Chinese Netizens Admire Japans PostEarthquake Behavior  Even in an Emergency, the Japanese have shown an impeccable national character Don't Let Qaddafi Win  
Ignore the realists. If we do nothing, the situation in Libya can only get worse.
By Christopher Hitchens Despite a bitter past,  China acts fast in aiding Japan And so the wave continues; protests begin in Damascus, Syria. Opposition Libyan site reports that rebels flying a MiG 23 and a helicopter sink two proGadhafi warships Fourth Fukishima reactor, #4, is on fire.  That's 4/4 now.
 In other news, Saudi Arabia sends troops into Bahrain to quell protests. Shi'ites call it war  New Danish immigration minister become like us or stay away Over 5,000 newly released WikiLeaks cables relating to India lift the lid on Indias use of systematic torture in Kashmir, and plenty more. Tokyo governor forced to apologize for suggesting that the tsunami was divine punishment for the egoism of the Japanese people. Libyan rebels arrest 'Gaddafi death squad' that killed journalist Al Jazeera received Qatari foreign ministry instructions to avoid the Bahraini protests and add sectarian angle to the coverage.(English journalist confirmed this) Nuclear experts have thrown doubt on the accuracy of official information issued about the Fukushima nuclear accident, saying that it followed a pattern of secrecy and coverups employed in other nuclear accidents.  Japans Strict Building Codes Saved Lives Inside Sendai Airport  during the tsunami Dubai On Empty   This was a civilization that was bought wholesale. The Gulf is the proof of Carnegie's warning about wealth 'there is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else' Hi reddit! Made this site so you can track protests around the world, tell me what you think Fukushima reactor explosion on tape. BREAKING Fukushima Nuclear Plant, radiation now measured at 1000x normal levels. Explosion At Japanese Nuclear Plant; Not Nuclear; No Meltdown Recent mystery deaths in Thailand are just too coincidentally linked not to notice. A high school friend's wife is a victim in this story.  Please help us to get some U.S. attention to this issue.  Video of HighRise Buildings in Tokyo Swaying From the Earthquake.  The Engineers Can Be Proud of Their Work! BBC LIVE 1252 Japan's Fuji TV has run a screen caption saying that as many as 10,000 people are missing in the town of Minamisanriku in Miyagi prefecture.  Found this series of pictures of the Area Tsunami from the ground in Japan Massive explosion (at 145) rocks Japanese suburban neighbourhood in quake aftermath Al Jazeera cameraman ambushed, shot and killed by Libyan regime. Missing ship feared lost after Japan 8.9 magnitude earthquake, tsunami found with all aboard alive Gadhafi mansion in London now occupied by Libyan rebels. Explosion rocks Fukushima nuclear plant Bahraini police opened fire on antigovernment protesters who were heading toward the Royal Court in Manama. Over 770 injured in Bahrain.  Remember the 20 yearold female college student who became the police chief of a Mexican town 5 months ago? Fearing for her life, she has fled to the US and applied for asylum. Japan's fears of nuclear mayhem recede as nuclear reactor starts to cool Factbox Experts on explosion at Japan nuclear plant I live 5000 miles away from Japan in Santa Cruz, CA. All the beaches are closed and helicopters are circling above. 4 boats sank in the harbor due to the tsunami. It's a frightening testament to the power of this megaearthquake. Israel Family of 5 of including a baby murdered in the West Bank. Protesters hit the streets in Portugal End operations in Afghanistan, Karzai tells NATO A Palestinian organization just officially claimed responsibility for today's terror attack (3monthold baby and 4 others murdered in their sleep) Google you're awesome crazy video of the ground shifting during the quake  Groundbreaking New UN Report on How to Feed the World's Hungry Ditch CorporateControlled Agriculture Japan Earthquake from the 22nd floor of an office building shaking for a whole 5 minutes (Video) This jawdropping, breathtaking, stunning picture was taken by Mainichi Shimbun on 11 March 2011 in Miyako, Japan. Why you don't have to fear the Japanese nuclear plant Japan tsunami survivor found clinging to roof 10 miles out at sea Nonviolent Bahraini Protester Shot Point Blank by Riot Police Mar 13 [NSFW]  When Japanese officials decided to vent radioactive steam from a severely overheated reactor vessel they knew a hydrogen explosion could occur, and it did. The decision still trumped the worstcase alternative  total nuclear meltdown... At least for the time being. Death toll in Japan exceeds 10,000 in one state alone; millions of survivors left without drinking water, electricity and proper food Head of the Whistleblowing Airline Employees Association Goes Missing Stop spreading FUD about the Fukushima reactors. PLEASE READ THIS Fukushima Nuclear Accident  a simple and accurate explanation Photo of a large boat teetering on top of a building. Amazing ground video of the tsunami! Satellite Photos of Japan, Before and After the Quake and Tsunami Japan's earthquake now upgraded to 9.0 magnitude. The Gaddafi regime has taken back significant chunks of territory from the antigovernment rebels.  A Japanese man who was swept 15 kilometres out to sea in the tsunami was plucked to safety yesterday [13 Mar 2011] after being spotted clinging to wreckage, officials said. A Maritime SelfDefence Force destroyer rescued Hiromitsu Shinkawa, 60, after discovering him floating on a piece of roof... Volcano erupts in southwestern Japan Share this with your friends  Fukushima situation as explained by a PhD, PE nuclear engineer As if Japan didn't have enough to deal with Shinmoedake volcano in southwestern Japan erupted Sunday sending ash and rocks up to four kilometers into the air Mall ground full of people shifting during Japan quake, looks like macabre Disney ride Japanese officials operating under assumption that nuclear meltdown is now underway at two plants New dramatic video Tsunami wave spills over seawall, smashes boats, cars 120 PM Australian EST (about 30 minutes ago)
Japan nuke plant operator says top of fuel rods three metres above water.

(Kyodo) Dalai Lama to retire, citing that the Tibetan people deserve a freely elected leader. Julian Assange police investigator a friend of sex assault accuser France recognises rebels as Libyan government Interrogator in Assange case is friends with one of the two women who reported Wikileaksfounder of sexual abuse Saudi police open fire at protest Libya Sky News March 8 Incredible footage The Battle for Zawiyah Libya (Video) Police fire on protesters in Saudi Arabia France Becomes First Country to Recognize Libyan Rebels Saudi Arabian police open fire at rally in the eastern part of the kingdom, which means its likely lead by Shiites and is also directly on top of the vast oil reserves  the world's largest.  Interrogator in the Assange case friend with woman accusing Wikileaks founder An abandoned and unfinished 45story skyscraper in Caracas, Venezuela houses an organized community of roughly 2,500 Squatters. Dalai Lama steps down as Tibetan leader
 Cameroon Bans Twitter in an attempt to stave off opposition protests North Korea nears completion of EMP bomb, could permanently damage electronics if exploded 25 miles above ground [fixed link] 'Nerve gas' used on Yemen protesters  Palestinian family ordered to share East Jerusalem home with Israelis Protests and violence spread to Saudi Arabia; police open fire on hundreds of protesters with guns and stun grenades in eastern city of Qatif Reports Saudi Police Fire At Protesters Russia announces ban on arms sales to Libya Guatemala to sue US for intentionally infecting 700 Guatemalans with syphilis in the 1940s Christians in Egypt Attacked  13 Dead Libya Nicolas Sarkozy to urge 'targeted air strikes' Yemeni army storms university, wounding 98. Royal Bank of Scotland chief executive got 7.7million pay package even though the bailedout bank lost more than 1billion. Britain demands Gaddafi ultimatum after BBC staff 'tortured' in Libya Massive 7.9 earthquake in northeastern Japan. Someone post links please? Many domestic sites are crashing. Tsunami warning for Sendai. Danish artist Nadia Plesner paints an African child holding a bag and a chihuahua, resembling Paris Hilton. Louis Vuitton sues her and wins in court.  Video of tsunami hitting japan. Devastating. Putin proposes scrapping visas between Russia, US Stunning Photos of Japan's earthquake and Tsunami (19 images) Magnitude 8.8 quake near the east coast of Honshu, Japan Japan earthquake shifted Earth's axis by 10cm (about 4 inches) Why is it being described as a civil war when people are united, and the government and its hired forces are killing us? Google releases japan earthquake person finder to help find loved ones affected by the qake The containment building at Fukushima Unit 1 is overpressurized with radioactive steam and will be vented to atmosphere. Indonesia volcano erupts New Scientist Japan's quake updated to magnitude 9.0 The earth's axis has reportedly shifted 10 inches as a result of the earthquake. The force was so strong that it moved the island of Honshu 8 feet to the east  USGS geophysicist Ken Hundnut said. 
Entire Japanese City On Fire After Earthquake The city of Kesennuma in northern Japan is completely engulfed in flames following the biggest earthquake in the country on record. Impressive video of the tsunami in Tokio after the 8.9 earthquake A truly brave Cameraman films the intense fighting in Misratah, Libya on the 10th March Judge orders Twitter to give up data on Wikileaks Raw Video Tsunami Slams Northeast Japan [VID] 4.5 Earthquake just hit Hawaii Japan declares 'nuclear emergency' after quake Japan's 8.9 magnitude earthquake triggers tsunami TV pics show vast wall of water carrying debris and even fires across a large swathe of coastal farmland near Japanese city of Sendai, with a population of 1 million Huge whirlpool created after Japan quake [video] REPORT 88,000 People Are Missing In Japan Reports now indicate cooling system has failed at Fukushima No. 2 Plant; temperature of coolant water has topped 100 C Amazing photos from Libya as rebels flee Ras Lanouf (pics)