 Oil Falls Below $30/Barrel for First Time Since December 2003 Migrant crisis Coach full of British schoolchildren 'attacked by Calais refugees' Saudi Arabia arrests human rights activist Samar Badawi who was the first woman to sue her guardian for preventing her from marrying the man of her choice, and also sued the Saudi government for the right to vote in municipal elections Putin says Russia has no interest in costly, meaningless role as superpower Calais Jungle 2,000 refugees 'given three days to leave as bulldozers move in' Iran frees US sailors Canadian dollar drops to 69 cents US  Business ISIS burns its fighters alive for letting Ramadi fall Seoul media South Korea has fired warning shots after North Korean drone seen across border Istanbul Bomber identified, Saudi national, member of ISIL, entered Turkey via Syria Pakistan army officers involved in attack on Indian Consulate Afghan police Archaeologists have uncovered Britain's Pompeii after discovering the bestpreserved Bronze Age dwellings ever found in the country. Israel blasts Swedish FM for supporting terrorism, encouraging violence Gaza Journalist Says He Was Tortured in Hamas Jail Mexico moves El Chapo randomly from cell to cell to avoid fresh escape. Putin's Alleged SonInLaw Is Russia's Latest Billionaire A Fallen Russia Oligarch Sends Warning to Rest of Putin Insiders Private messages at work can be read by employers, says court North Korea faked missile test footage U.S. experts Iranian Official Denies That Nuclear Reactor Was Sealed Iran seizes 2 US Navy Boats  will return boat and sailors promptly. Head of Marseille Jews urges them not to wear kippa after attack Irish intelligence units monitor 40 suspected Isil supporters  Garda and Army intelligence units are monitoring upwards of 40 individuals who have been identified as either Isil supporters or jihadi fighters, the Irish Independent has learned. Sierra Leone receive $90 billion in funds from China Australia rejects US call for more troops to defeat Islamic State Iran removes core of Arak heavy water nuclear reactor and fills it with concrete, fulfilling one of its key obligations in the nuclear deal In an extremely unusual airstrike, the U.S. dropped bombs Sunday in central Mosul, Iraq, destroying a building containing huge amounts of cash ISIS was using to pay its troops and for ongoing operations U.N. says some of its peacekeepers were paying 13yearolds for sex Explosion in Istanbul's Sultanahmet, injuries reported Nestle the world's largest food producer is to be sued over allegations that it used child slaves to harvest cocoa in the Ivory Coast in Africa. Scientists may have detected gravity waves for the first time ever Germany sends migrants back to Austria More than 200 children were abused in choir run by Pope Benedicts brother Qatar bans film The Danish Girl about a transgendered Danish artist for 'moral depravity' Most of Istanbul blast victims are German citizens  sources in Turkish PM office ISIS gunmen, suicide bombers, and car bomb kill 17 at Baghdad mall Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has advised clients to brace for a cataclysmic year..Sell Everything..Oil may touch US$ 16/brl Today junior doctors in the UK go on strike for the first time in 40 years after the government has tried to sell an 3040% salary pay cut as an 11% pay rise, and make them work longer hours than they currently do Bankers charged in euro raterigging case Nearly a dozen former top bankers have been charged with colluding to rig a key euro benchmark borrowing rate. But almost half the defendants didn't appear in court Merkel Says Europe Is Vulnerable in Refugee Crisis GoPro Footage from Arrest of El Chapo A teenager who attacked a Jewish teacher in the French port of Marseilles said he did it in the name of the socalled Islamic State, according to the city prosecutor. Former French President Sarkozy We Did Not Fight Nazis to Force Jews to Run to Israel Egyptian President AlSissi attends Coptic Christmas Mass in Cairo; apologizes for extremists who burned down churches and promises to rebuild them. US bombs 'millions' in ISIS currency stock RBS tells investors sell everything Beijing to end coal usage by 2020 to reduce smog Western sanctions 'severely' harming Russia Putin Russia Is Arming Hezbollah, Say Two of the Groups Field Commanders Putin Says Sheltering Assad Would Be Easier Than Snowden Asylum Swedish police accused of covering up rampant sexual abuse at music festival Canadian pastor held in North Korea labor camp digs holes alone for eight hours a day, has not seen any other prisoners Largest manmade 4.6 magnitude earthquake by fracking; new world record in Northern B.C. Body found at Dyatlov Pass where 9 hikers mysteriously died in 1959 Muhammad cartoons censored at Charlie Hebdo exhibit in Tel Aviv China Discovers 470Ton Gold Mine, Worth Over $16.4 Billion, 2000 Meters Undersea The Only Bridge Linking Eastern and Western Canada Splits in Cold Weather  Effectively Separating the Country in Two. Filipino terror groups pledge allegiance to ISIS, form 'Islamic State satellite' Meat targeted for theft as food prices soar across Canada Isis Paris attacks planner Abdelhamid Abaaoud 'met jihadists on UK visit' Delhi's air quality improves after 9 days of oddeven formula, pollution levels drop sharply HIV Cure Hope  Two JHU scientists believe they can destroy infected cells  human clinical trials to begin within 3 months Putin says he wants global cooperation against terrorism Bild Shanghai stocks close down 5.33% on economic gloom Doctors Without Borders Hospital in Yemen Bombed, Leaving 4 Dead, 10 Injured The biggest seadwelling crocodile ever found has turned up in the Tunisian desert. The whopper of a prehistoric predator grew to over 30 feet long (nearly ten meters) and weighed three tons. Pakistan Says It Will Respond to Any Threat to Saudi Arabia Swedish minister says bringing back conscription (draft) could help in refugee crisis Turkey plans to offer Syrian refugees work permits in order to encourage fewer of them to migrate, minister says Tuberculosis outbreak in Papua New Guinea worsens, as health workers plead for promised funding Isis 'ran sophisticated immigration operation' on TurkeySyria border India biggest exporter of doctors, nurses to Europe report As Iraq battles Islamic State in the northwest, violence and crime surge in south.Fear has become part of daily life amid a surge of violence in Basra, where rampant crime, kidnappings and extortion have become commonplace. Only 22 cases of Guinea worm disease were reported worldwide in 2015, an 83 percent reduction from the 126 cases reported in 2014, the greatest single percentage reduction in human cases in the history of the global campaign NATO Report Slams Afghan Army As Mission Incapable UN whistleblower who exposed sexual abuse by peacekeepers is exonerated Muslim women in the UK 'must integrate and speak English' says David Cameron Just 62 people own as much wealth as the poorer half of the global population, a new report reveals, as the widening of the gap between the rich and poor accelerates. UK doctors say patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) are showing remarkable improvements after receiving a treatment usually used for cancer. About 20 patients have received bone marrow transplants using their own stem cells. Some patients who were paralysed have been able to walk again. ISIS commits largest massacre since Syrian conflict by dumping 280 dead in the river and taking 400 hostages New world record Danish windmills produced 42.1 percent of all electricity used in Denmark last year Police arrest 40 immigrants in Dsseldorf raid. Women Forced to Work in Wartime Brothels Were Not Sex Slaves, Japans Foreign Minister Says  He prefers the term 'comfort women' Terrorist kidnaps sole surgeon for 2 million poor citizens of Burkina Faso French president declares economic emergency Helium balloons from North Korea have scattered around one million propaganda leaflets in South Korea US imposes sanctions on Iranian companies and individuals over missile programme, after lifting of nuclear sanctions Hong Kong Bookseller Who Disappeared From Thailand Held in China Germany plans expulsion centres for Algerians and Moroccans Three Americans reportedly kidnapped by militia members in Baghdad SpaceX rocket explodes after landing Tennis investigation reportedly uncovers evidence of matchfixing by core group of 16 professional players US to pay Iran $1.7 bn in debt and interest Kerry Ontario court rules police cellphone data collection violated human rights Somalia received Saudi aid the day it cut ties with Iran  document Iraqi city of Ramadi, once home to 500,000, lies in ruins Five million jobs will be gone by 2020 in 15 leading countries UN Reports Gang Rapes And Mass Graves Amid Growing Violence In Burundi Chinas Haier buys GEs appliance business in $5.4 billion deal Ethiopia drought 'as bad for children as Syria's war' 400,000 children suffering from severe acute malnutrition and 10 million more need food aid. Middle East stock markets crash as Tehran enters oil war International sanctions against Iran lifted Turkmenistan president outlaws all sale of tobacco products, effectively banning smoking altogether David Cameron has authorised an investigation into the foreign funding and support of jihadi and extremist groups in the UK, a development that could lead to a potential standoff with the governments key Gulf ally Saudi Arabia. German officials 'Algeria and Morocco must take back deportees' Shock figures to reveal deadly toll of global air pollution  air pollution now kills more people a year than malaria and HIV combined, and in many countries accounts for roughly 10 times more deaths than road accidents Indian villagers destroy toilets that the government had built for them. Crimes at refugee homes on the rise, say German Criminal Police Netanyahu calls for banning of unbearable noise  otherwise known as Adhan, the Islamic call to prayer. Israeli Premier Benjamin Netanyahu said that Adhan (Islamic call to prayer) violates Israels interior laws as it causes unbearable noise. Shipwreck from 1800s found during search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 NASA Has Opened a Planetary Defense Office to Protect Earth from Cosmic Collisions One earthquake is recorded on average each day in a western Canadian region where companies extract oil by fracking, according to statistics published by the Canadian province's energy regulatory agency Taiwan must abandon 'hallucination' of independence, warns Chinese media Iran to reclaim oil market from Saudi Arabia Oil price woes deepen as Iran vows to add 500,000 barrels a day OPEC's oil basket price drops to $25 a barrel Australian surgeon and his wife kidnapped by jihadists in Burkina Faso SpaceX to launch ocean satellite, try water return Sunday German minister proposes EU extra levy to finance refugee costs Venezuela declares Economic State of Emergency. The measure, which will last for 60 days, involves a restriction of constitutional guarantees Russian deputies want to ban public displays of affection between gay people Men who aroused suspicions at mall were in Vancouver for vision treatment Iran to Buy 114 Airbus Planes after Removal of Sanctions Austria temporarily suspends Schengen E.U.s Open Borders Are in Danger,German Minister Warns China to participate in UN sanctions against N.Korea Bill aiming to ban child marriages shot down in Pakistan as antiIslamic and blasphemous. Tsai Ingwen elected Taiwan's first female president Schoolgirls report abuse by young asylum seekers Four US prisoners freed in Iran. Prisoners include Washington Post Reporter, Jason Rezaian. More people in Europe are dying than are being born German town bars asylum seekers from pool after harassment complaints Female Jihadis Attack Tourist Hotel in Burkina Faso; 23 Killed Burkina Faso attack 'At least 20 dead' in Ouagadougou hotel Gunfire, explosions heard at major hotel in Burkina Fasos capital  reports North Korea said it could stop its nuclear tests in exchange for signing a peace treaty with the U.S. and a stop to annual military exercises between the U.S. and South Korea. Swiss Muslimconvert mother is stopped at Turkish border trying to take her fouryearold boy to Syria to join ISIS after she was brainwashed by jihadists online Former Dutch soldier may face charges for killing IS jihadis Netanyahu slams 'stupid' Swedish minister's probe call Ecuador said Friday that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange can leave his hideout in its London embassy and go into exile in the South American country if Swedish prosecutors do not charge him after questioning him. Crude oil at $29 Migrants feel chill as Europe tightens frontier checks Venezuela's President Maduro declares economic emergency; claims powers to rule by decree for two months At least 18 academics in Turkey have been arrested for denouncing military operations in the country's southeast. The Wall Street banks that financed the U.S. shale boom are facing growing losses as oil falls below $30 a barrel. Facebook outsources fight against racist posts in Germany Gunfire and explosions heard at Burkina Faso hotel Burkina Faso Security forces raid besieged hotel, free hostages Julian Assange to be questioned by Swedish prosecutors in London Adolf Hitlers Mein Kampf sells out after week on German bookshelves No. of crimes in Japan falls to postwar low in 2015. 933 murder for a 127M population. Teenage crimes numbers lower than 65yo+. Danish 15yo girl who converted to Islam arrested for possessing explosives, sanctioning terror Apple may be on the hook for $8 billion in taxes as a result of a European Commission investigation. New Ebola case emerges in Sierra Leone Reefer madness debunked as major UK study finds marijuana does not reduce IQ in teens TPP trade deal will expand Australia's economy by less than 1%, World Bank reveals Hollande 'Intolerable' that French Jews feel need to hide religion Colossal star explosion detected Survey Most young Muslims in Middle East believe ISIS perverts Islam Ancient people conquered the Arctic at least 45,000 years ago Forget $20  Oil Prices At $8 Per Barrel In Canada Turkey 'kills 200 Isis militants' in wave of revenge attacks for Istanbul bombing Israel 4 charged in 'lynching' of Eritrean migrant mistaken for terrorist A Japanese lawmaker Thursday said wartime sex slaves forced to work for Japans Imperial Army were professional prostitutes, before he was forced to retract the remarks and issue an apology. Several in critical condition  one in a coma  after clinical trial of new drug in France, health minister says Twitter Sued For Enabling Explosive Growth Of ISIS Germany's highest court rules Facebook 'friend finder' is unlawful Pentagon U.S. sailors made 'navigational error' into Iranian waters Isis has abducted up to 400 Yazidi children and could be using them as suicide bombers U.S. Health Officials Consider Travel Warning As Zika Virus Spreads there's no vaccine against Zika, a viral cousin of dengue fever, and no treatment for it. Calais Jungle clearing Tensions mount as refugees prepare for clash with police and government bulldozers Islamic State takes credit for shootings and suicide bombings in Jakarta French drug trial halted after one person falls into a coma and five others become critically ill Footage of elephants in Cambodia raises hopes for Asian species in the wild  A camera trap captured pictures of a herd roaming through the remote Cardamom mountains, spelling success for 14yr conservation effort Iraqi Kurds, who field one of the most effective ground forces fighting Islamic State militants, are urgently asking the U.S. to help ease their budget crisis made worse by slumping oil prices and 1.8 million people who have fled fighting in Iraq and Syria b'Czech Republic Decriminalizes All Major Drugs for Personal Use  Starting Tomorrow' b'Don't Mess with Yemen It is extraordinary to see the US begin to make the same mistakes in Yemen as it previously made in Afghanistan and Iraq. ' Gaza sees rise in malformations with newborns as a result of Israel's use of prohibited weapons b'7 CIA operatives killed and 6 wounded by Taleban suicide bomber that penetrated deep into a U.S. base in Afghanistan' b'Honduras State henchmen shot owner of Radio Globo  one of few media outlets to speak out against coup. Radio Globo had resorted almost exclusively to broadcasting online from secret locations. Canal 36, shut down altogether after equipment destroyed, signals interrupted, editors assassinated.' Tibetan 'living Buddha' Phurbu Tsering jailed by China b'At least 75 people were killed when a suicide bomber attacked a volley ball game in a progovernment town in northwest Pakistan.' b'Pakistani Taliban just killed 32 people with a suicide bomber at a sports game' b'New internet piracy law comes into effect in France' b'During a religious pilgrimage to Mecca, Sibat was arrested by the Saudi religious police and charged with sorcery. He was coerced into confessing, and then tried without a lawyer. His coerced confession was used against him and he was sentenced to death in Medina on November 9, 2009.' b'North Korea has issued a New Year message calling for an end to hostile relations with the US. I think they mean it this time.' Travel restrictions crimp shopping sprees Venezuelans must tell the government where they're traveling and what they're buying b'Police officers around the world often use pepper spray to restrain people who are out of control. But after a series of unexplained deaths, researchers now suspect the spray, which is derived from chili peppers, could be fatal if the subject has been using cocaine or other drugs.' b'The only woman in the French Foreign Legion' b'Noble Peace Laureate Shirin Ebadi The [Iranian] Government Took My Sister Hostage ' b'Oh, boy. This trip could be interesting' Americans are in Afghanistan murdering children, claiming it's 'self defense'.  No, these Americans are not soldiers; they are, well, nobody knows who in hell they are, except that it seems obvious they are there because they're making lots of money at the expense of American taxpayers. b'Man shot dead his former girlfriend and killed four others at shopping centre in the Finnish city of Espoo, before turning his gun on himself' b'Egyptian security forces attack Gaza protester' b'Juan Cole Top Ten Good News Stories from the Muslim World in 2009 that You Never Heard About ' b'Pope puts children first, (plus suitable pic)' b'Top general to be tried for rights abuses  Why Never in the US?' b'37 Catholic priests, nuns and missionaries killed worldwide in 2009  Twice as Many as in 2008!' b'Does anyone else feel like there is a rather concerning void in the amount we are able to learn from some Reddit topics?' Mousavi 'ready to die' for reform b'Jerusalem Post asks the Taboo Question' b'King Stephen Harper shuts down Canadian Parliament, AGAIN. ' For seven years, Jennipher was forced to breastfeed the puppies of her husband's hunting dogs. b'Several hundred people have joined demonstrations on the IsraelGaza border to protest against the Israeli blockade of the territory. Keep it up!!' b'4 Reported Dead in Finland Mall Shooting' b'Hot debate over antihomosexuality bill  Death penalty for gay sex is included in proposed Ugandan legislation' b'The Dutch government has said that it will commence using fullbody scanners on flights to the US.' b'In most places, being a star means ranking top of the class, but in Iran it means your name appears on a list of students considered a threat by the intelligence ministry. It also means a partial or complete ban from education.' b'Afghan attacks kill 8 purported CIA employees, 5 Canadians ' Flashback  Yemen seizes 'Israellinked' cell b'Man wrongly convicted of raping a 8yo boy freed after 35 years' b'Holy Crap!  Finally, a Catholic Official is ACTUALLY sentenced in court for his sex abuse crimes!  ...in Argentina' b'New fabricated intelligence claims Iranian has plans of importing purified uranium' Iceland's parliament has approved a controversial payout of nearly $6bn to Britain and the Netherlands, which had compensated tens of thousands of savers who had money with a failed Icelandic bank. b'Harper suspends parliament to dodge torture investigation and restructure senate. ' b'2007 Nazi attack puts anarchist in coma. 2008 Yuri Mishutkin attacked again by fascists who also assaulted him in past. Yuri fought back with knife, hit once. 1 attacker dies. Convicted of exceeding limits of selfdefence. Ordered to pay family of attacker. Sentence overturned. New trial to come.' Japan Agriculture must be rebuilt ahead of oil's 'noble' limits  North Korea's New Year's wish of seeing the destruction of a massive concrete wall dividing the Korean peninsula never seems to come true  mostly because it doesn't exist. Eight Americans killed by Afghanistan bomb 'were CIA agents'n b'Four Canadian soldiers and one Canadian reporter killed and five injured in an IED strike  Straight from the source, with stock images of Soldiers.' b'North Korea calls for end to hostile relations with U.S.n| Reuters' b'Canadian reporter and 4 soldiers killed in Afghanistan' Nigeria doctor 'impregnated girls and sold the babies' b'Sometimes it seems like nearly every woman in Cebu of childbearing age is pregnant.' b'The heirs to Argentinas most powerful media empire have been ordered to take DNA tests that could establish whether they were part of a forced adoption scheme during the countrys darkest era. ' b'But a remarkable thing happened this week. On Monday, 400 of his fellow students, wearing black in solidarity and carrying signs of support, walked out of Keswick High School to rally in protest in front of their school.' Remember that Policeman driving at 90mph in a 30 zone with no sirens who hit & killed the girl? Well, he's in prison now. b'Ecofascism  Israeli settlers and factories pumping polluted water onto palestinian farmland' b'She was allowed to be forced to marry before reaching puberty. Now, at the ripe old age of 8, she successfully divorced her 50 year old husband.' b'The four policemen threw Abu Hamdiya from a jeep moving at high speed after they had abducted, beaten, and abused him, all four policemen were sentenced to serve only between 4.5 to 8.5 years in jail' b'With the help of software written by a Tiennamen Square veteran, Iranians beat Internet Censorship' b'Crazy person goes on shooting rampage at university in Baku, Azerbaijan. 12 killed, 13 injured. Bacon Lung news clogging the news outlets obscured this info from yesterday.' b'So much for full withdrawal Britain wants to get involved in protecting oil supplies from Iraq after its combat role there comes to an end, Prime Minister Gordon Brown said.' b'When you hear about the H1N1 virus (Swine flu), does it make anyone else want to play Pandemic 2?' Israel 'warns' EU to tone down its criticism The San people of southern Africa is the world's most ancient race b'Worlds Largest Solar Power Tower Starts Generating in Spain' b'Surprise Around 50% of surveyed Christians believe torture can be somehow justified.' b'We all pray this remains sensitive to antivirals. We all hope that vaccines will be developed. The virus doesnt grow very well in eggs.' b'Killing Women and Children is only a ReBranding issue in Apartheid Israel' b'Jewish Holocaust museum in Palestine Our message to the Jewish people all over the world is that having been victims of such a brutal genocide, we expect you to be messengers of all the principles of justice, mercy and humanity,' b'Images leaked from the U.N. show that the Sri Lankan military shelled a nofire zone where over 50,000 civilians are trapped.' b'Is Oil Worth More Than Blood In Nigeria? The suit seeks to hold Shell accountable for summary executions, crimes against humanity, TORTURE, inhuman treatment and the arbitrary arrest and detention of Nigerians.' b'Ben Goldacre on Swine Flu and the Media Coverage' b'A Virologists Perspective on Influenza A(H1N1)' b'End Palestinian demolitions in Jerusalem, UN tells Israel' b'Palestinian sets record for longest imprisonment' b'Ethiopia has arrested 40 members of May 15th, an opposition group led by an EthiopianAmerican professor of economics at Bucknell University; the government says they had planned to assassinate officials and blow up public utilities in a plot to topple the government.' b'Artwork rejected by the New York Times, including A rather mild portrait of Idi Amin deemed 'too severe' an indictment of the Ugandan tyrant's mass murders of his own people ' b'Donkey suicide bombing is latest tactic against patrols' Fifa corruption Qatar says investigations are racist, antiArab and show 'ugly face' of countries who lost 2022 World Cup bid Homosexuality Decriminalised in Mozambique WikiLeaks announces $100K bounty for the TPP text | WikiLeaks announced an effort to crowdsource a $100,000 reward for the remaining chapters of the TransPacific Partnership trade deal, after the organization published three draft chapters of the deal in recent years. Meth is now cheaper than a meal at Burger King in much of Asia. LSD Trials underway in UK to see if it cures depression and addiction Scientists Start $150 Billion Program to Cut CleanEnergy Costs. The 10year plan, known as the Global Apollo Programme to Combat Climate Change, will fund research into renewables, power storage and smartgrid technologies to make them cheaper than fossil fuel Chinese ship sinks with at least 400 on board Charges against Edward Snowden stand, despite telephone surveillance ban Thanks to Vladimir Putin, Amur tigers are roaring back in Russias Far East The British security service MI5 shielded and blackmailed child sex abusers involved in a paedophile ring at a notorious Belfast care home, the High Court heard on Monday. A Yazidi teenager who was sold to an ISIS fighter has described how she was beaten and gangraped and forced to recite verses from the Koran on a daily basis in a harrowing account of her nine month ordeal. Church of England 'one generation away from extinction' after dramatic loss of followers  UK  News  The Independent Brazil becomes 24th country to recognize Armenian Genocide Berlin becomes first German city to make rent cap a reality Snowden wins prize  invited to Norway Australia Minimum wage increased to $17.29/hour Fifa corruption Sepp Blatter's righthand man Jerome Valcke 'sent' $10m payment to Jack Warner in letter from the South African FA Researchers Find Missing Link Between the Brain and Immune SystemIn a stunning discovery that overturns decades of textbook teaching, researchers...have determined that the brain is directly connected to the immune system by vessels previously thought not to exist Isis Assassinates Senior Hamas Commander; Threatens to Kill More 'One by One' President Erdogan Vows To Quit If Gold Toilets Found in his 400m palace. Pirate Bay CoFounder Fredrik Neij Released From Prison Womans fight against genital mutilation, honor killing gets big boost from Google boss Ayaan Hirsi Ali won over Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt, along with his personal pledge of $100,000, in her fight to put a stop to female genital mutilation and honor killings. Russia Threatens to Deploy Nuclear Weapons in Crimea Australian MPs allowed to see TPP trade deal text but can't reveal contents for four years 10,000 Arabs driven out by Kurdish ethnic cleansing in Syria Japan lowers voting age from 20 to 18. Sepp Blatter resigns. Calls for new election. US Officials announce Sepp Blatter under investigation for corruption Malaysian flight 17 downed by missile, says Russian maker of Buk air defence missile system English test should be mandatory for people wanting citizenship in Australia, says government MP Dairy giant Saputo to refuse milk from farmers who mistreat animals; one of largest dairies in world INTERPOL issues red notices for six former FIFA officials Obama World does not believe Israel serious about twostate solution Fracking is facing resistance in the UK, Germany has placed moratorium on it and there's no way it will take place in France. According to the International Gas Union president, there will be no USstyle shale gas revolution in Europe Edward Snowden Becoming an 'international fugitive' was worth it, claims NSA whistleblower | American says bringing the activities of global spy agencies to the public's attention has 'been a great experience' that he is 'actually quite grateful for' CIA sex abuse and torture went beyond Senate report disclosures, detainee says India's Minister for Earth Sciences Its not just another unusually hot summer, it is climate change. Let us not fool ourselves that there is no connection between the unusual number of deaths from the ongoing heat wave and the certainty of another failed monsoon. New photos of Kim Jong Un show dictator's weight gain, raise health concerns 10 more billionaires join BuffettGates Giving Pledge Diphtheria Returns To Spain For Lack of Vaccination South Korea says it has successfully testfired two domestically built ballistic missiles that can hit all of North Korea. Russianbacked militants launched a major attack on the town of Marinka west of Donetsk at dawn on Wednesday, in one of the most serious outbreaks of fighting in eastern Ukraine since a ceasefire was supposed to have come into effect there on February 15. I'd consider assisted suicide if I become a burden to my loved ones, says Professor Stephen Hawking Three doctors of Doctors Without Border and a pilot were killed in a helicopter crash in Nepal, while they were on a relief mission Fully dressed and preserved 350yearold corpse of French noblewoman found Calls grow for full fossil fuel reckoning. From the International Monetary Fund to doctors, voices calling out the fossil fuel industry over its health costs are becoming louder  and more numerous. Odds of Qatar Hosting the World Cup Slashed After Blatter's Resignation Kurds, again, not invited to antiISIS conference in Paris, France Nephew of King Felipe shoutingYou shut up, you f***ing chino at theme park after trying to jump queue Fearing Repeat of Crimea, Baltic States Prepare for 'Hybrid War' With Russia Anonymous send a warning to drug cartel Los Zetas [Spanish language] Many in China Sympathise with OWS Income inequality, a feeling of disenfranchisement, and a sense of injustice are fueling popular curiosity about the movement, in which a number of Chinese see parallels with their own complaints against their govt Occupy Europe How a generation went from indifferent to indignant  CSMonitor.com Swedish court bans niqabwearing women, three women wearing head scarves completely shielding their faces were denied entry to a Gothenburg courtroom
 Rise of the Drones 50 people killed in one day by drone attacks Fukushima decommissioning will take at least three decades Elected Michael D Higgins  Ireland's most antiAmerican President Egyptian anger grows after latest case of death by torture. Critics say Essam Ali Atta's death shows junta is failing to dismantle Mubarak's brutal security apparatus. Arab League 'urgently' tells Assad to end violence  Following killing of 40 prodemocracy protesters in Hama and Homs, Arab ministers express severe discontent with Syrian leader. Ash cloud rises above Chilean volcano, officials warn large eruption possible  The Washington Post Protesters burn government building in Tunisia as some votes are nullified The race is on to find Libya's missing missiles Deadly Attack Strikes NATO Bus in Kabul Press censorship threatens Egypt's 'unfinished revolution'
 Kabul attack kills 13 Americans A suicide attack in the Afghan capital Kabul on Saturday targeted a convoy of foreign troops. US and Europe play the blame game  In the European debt crisis, blame is being passed back and forth across the Atlantic between the US and European nations themselves. But this week's crisis summit in Brussels relieved some of the tension. BBC News  Suicide attack targets foreign troops in Kabul Japan to offer nuclear plant technology to India Anonymous threatens to expose cartel's secrets Congo's militias mobilising again, leading peace activist warns His health  the one thing he couldn't fix.  Jimmy Saville, veteran UK broadcaster, dies age 84 The world is at the mercy of irrelevant pygmies like Silvio Berlusconi and Nicolas Sarkozy
Gone are the statesmen of stature  todays leaders are a motley set of lechers and buffoons.
 Egyptian prisoner tortured to death, activists say No exit date for Kenyan mission in Somalia With the Fight in Egypt Failing, Wael Ghonim Is Out of Sight  Google's Wael Ghonim was the face of Egypt's revolution.  Islamists and even regular Egyptians have disparaged him on all sorts of contradictory chargeshes a freemason, an American infiltrator , an Israeli spy, an Islamist, a traitor Nigeria Outlaws Female Genital Mutilation Petition asks US President, Congress, DoD not to bomb Tinian and Pagan islands for military training. The US Navy has plans to bomb these islands as part of a training exercise, obliterating their rare coral ecosystems, wildlife, and important historic artifacts. Obama Ordered to Release Guantanamo ForceFeeding Video Erdogan threatens the journalist, who leaked the pictures of weapon delivery to Syria,  He will pay a heavy price for this, I will not leave go of him!  . Journalist replies The person who committed this crime (weapon delivery) will pay a heavy price. We (turkish people) will not let go of him ExFifa vice president Jack Warner swallows Onion spoof; Football executive uses story from satirical website as basis for defending Fifa against US The Canadian Bar Association, representing over 36,000 lawyers, calls on citizens to protest against Bill C51, which is a threat to the rule of law Beijing bans smoking in public starting from June 1st. Saudi Arabia may face 65C (149 Fahrenheit) temperatures during Ramadan Fifa crisis South Africa 'admits $10m football payout' Scientists hail 'new era' for cancer treatment after 'spectacular' drug trials  The treatment, which harnesses the body's immune system to attack cancerous cells, could replace chemotherapy as the standard treatment for cancer within the next five years, it was suggested. England should boycott the 2018 World Cup because someone needs to take a stand against corruption in Fifa and military aggression by Russia, Andy Burnham, the favourite to be the next Labour leader, has said. Nearly 60% of South Koreans view Japan as military threat joint survey A pigeon has been arrested in India on suspicion of spying for Pakistan Lion leaps through car window, killing American tourist in South African park  Iraqi security forces lost 2,300 Humvee armored vehicles when ISIS overran the northern city of Mosul Qatar World Cup Now In Doubt, Sepp Blatter ReElection As FIFA President Causes Major Rifts Brussels 30 Muslim girls denied entry to school for wearing long skirts. Tim BernersLee urges Britain to fight 'snooper's charter' | Inventor of world wide web also advised developing world to just say no to Facebooks Internet.org scheme Stone throwers could be jailed for 10 years under new Israeli bill Spain to Permanently Host 2,500 US Troops at Moron Air Base NSA says it will keep phone records even if surveillance program ends Russia is using fake satellite images to blame Ukraine for the downing of MH17 according to a forensic study by an investigative website Under Cover Of Conflict, Hamas Killed Palestinians, Amnesty Alleges Japan Pension System Hacked, 1.25 Million Cases of Personal Data Leaked Canada's justice minister quits in blow to PM Harper More than twothirds of the Humvees the US supplied to Iraq to fight terrorists have ended up in the hands of Islamic State militants Norways $890 billion governmentpension fund, considered the largest sovereignwealth fund in the world, will sell off many of its investments related to coal, making it the biggest institution to join a growing international movement to abandon at least some fossilfuel stocks. Sepp Blatter will be arrested and forced out of Fifa in a 'couple of months', says Greg Dyke Faith Leaders To Obama Give Women Raped By ISIS Access To Safe Abortions  They're asking him to allow US to fund access to safe abortions for women & girls raped in foreign conflict zones, especially those forcibly impregnated by terrorist groups such as ISIS & Boko Haram. Egypt Confirms Top FIFA Official Demanded Bribe for 2010 World Cup Russia would attack NATO only in mad persons dream  Putin Turkey's Erdogan says he moved into lavish 1,150room palace because of 'cockroaches' Bangladesh and India are to sign a historic agreement to simplify their border by exchanging more than 150 enclaves of land. Kurds, in need of supplies, are starting to panic in war against ISIS. With a series of major hacks, China builds a database on Americans Carbon emissions from Australia's main electricity network have jumped by an annual rate of 5.2 million tonnes since the Abbott government scrapped the carbon price in July last year, according to new report. Pope Francis says the world is beset by an atmosphere of war and attacked those who are guilty of inciting and fomenting it Many conflicts across the planet amount to a kind of third world war being fought piecemeal and, in the context of global communications, we sense an atmosphere of war, Two explosions hit Kurdish political rally in Turkey Clinton Foundation received money to ease Iran sanctions  Report Thousands of protesters marched through Honduras's capital demanding the resignation of President Juan Orlando Hernandez over a corruption scandal that has seen growing calls for him to quit Deutsche Bank is looking into possible money laundering transactions by some of its clients in Russia which could exceed $6 billion Russian Oil Billionaire Invests $450 Million in Solar Projects to Aid the Countrys Grid Study warns African population will rise sharply. African population will increase to 1.6 billion by 2030 and will double by 2050 Scientists suspect that poor hospital ventilation may have contributed to the rapid spread of MERS in Korea. The eldest son of Zimbabwe's first lady Grace Mugabe has been convicted of manslaughter and fined $800 Thousands of demonstrators marched in the German resort town of GarmischPartenkirchen on Saturday to protest against a meeting of leaders from the Group of Seven (G7) industrial nations that starts on Sunday at a nearby luxury hotel The US is moving towards restoring full military ties with Egypt and president Abdel Fattah El Sisi Saudi Arabia Shoots Down Scud Missile Fired From Yemen Hamas member killed in tunnel collapse near Israeli border  Terror group says incident occured during resistancerelated activities'; two others moderately injured U.S. Congress Should Have No Part In International Climate Deal, French Foreign Minister Says. Swedish observers witness electon fraud in Turkey, thrown out of polling stations and threatened with weapons FIFA corruption scandal Morocco, not South Africa, allegedly won 2010 World Cup vote A group of western tourists who stripped naked at the peak of Mount Kinabalu last month will be prohibited from leaving Malaysia, as their act of disrespecting the mountain could have caused the devastating earthquake that killed at least 13 people. China boat death toll exceeds 400, victims mourned. Jury Acquits ExBP Exec Of Lying In Oil Spill Putin Sends Message to the West I would like to say  there's no need to be afraid of Russia.... The world has changed so much that people in their right mind cannot imagine such a large military conflict today. Poland warns David Cameron not to fool voters that they can keep all the goodies and forget about the costs in EU referendum Smoking weed has halved in the UK 'Execution' of lawyer kills hope that residents can defeat Mafia. The brutal killing on 29 May of Mario Piccolino, in his office in Formia, south of Rome, has dashed such hopes. Piccolino, 71, was a lawyer with mobsters and corrupt officials in his sights. Israeli Generals Back Nuclear Deal With Iran  Split With Netanyahu Mexico to vote amid violence, discontent with democracy Turkey votes in crucial election Turks are voting in a general election on Sunday which will determine whether the ruling party can change the constitution Saudi Arabia's supreme court has upheld the sentence of 1,000 lashes and 10 years imprisonment on blogger Raif Badawi, despite a foreign outcry. Amazon stops selling ISIS magazine Dabiq What's giving bees dementia? Iran deploys 15,000 troops to support Assad in Syria FIFA email connects Sepp Blatter to $10M, newspaper claims Ancient gold trade route discovered Paraguay will invest extra $125 million dollars in the Program for the Development of Science and Technology Germany deploys 22,000 police officers at G7 venue A Japanese domestic flight was forced to make an emergency landing after white haze was seen in the Boeing's cockpit Korean Air Force member at U.S. base has MERS Opposition wins Guyana elections The victory ended 23 years of ruling party governments in one of the poorest countries in South America Copies of Islamic State's Englishlanguage propaganda magazine, Dabiq, are available to buy on the website of online retailer Amazon, it has emerged. Nestle India spends 23 times more on advertising than on quality testing US Official Over 10,000 ISIS fighters killed in nine months but they have all been replaced. IKEA, the world's biggest furniture retailer, plans to spend 1 billion euros ($1.13 billion) on renewable energy and steps to help poor nations cope with climate change, the latest example of firms upstaging governments in efforts to slow warming. Erdogan seeks life sentence against editor for video of Turkey smuggling arms to Syrian rebels Fifa corruption England 'ready to host 2022 World Cup' Myanmar passes law to order women to wait three years between births as population control effort Jack Warner goes rogue, says he will release documents and checks detailing FIFA corruption WikiLeaks reveals new trade secrets | Highly sensitive details of the negotiations over the littleknown Trades in Services Agreement (TiSA) published by WikiLeaks U.S. President Barack Obama Defends TransPacific Partnership, Suggests China May Join Ukraine's Poroshenko warns of 'fullscale' Russia invasion Former Fifa official Chuck Blazer admits accepting bribes for France and South Africa World Cups in New York court Almost a year after eliminating polio, India declared free of maternal and neonatal tetanus India suspends sending workers to Saudi Arabia Pulp & paper giant, April, to stop clearing Indonesia's rainforests 4 yrs earlier than planned  Firm announced it'd halted harvesting of all natural forest as of May 15 & will only use supplies from its own plantations. This moves forward its goal to end rainforest clearance by 2019. Bans on legal highs will drive booming trade underground, drug experts warn  EU agency report says market is growing rapidly, with 2 new substances a week being identified, & is increasingly hard to control Plutos moons have been tracked closely for the first time, showing that they tumble unpredictably rather than keeping one face fixed on their host planet. Astronomers also observed that Pluto, whose status was downgraded to a dwarf planet in 2006, might be better regarded as a binary dwarf More than 700 schools, from kindergartens to colleges, have shut in response to public fears over what has become the largest outbreak of Middle East respiratory syndrome (Mers) outside Saudi Arabia. Canadians are stealing U.S. Netflix content, says head of largest media provider Bell Italy arrests 44 tied to Rome's mafia garbage king Ecuador to Carry out Historic Audit of Chevron's Operations Israel military, contradicting Netanyahu, optimistic about Iran nuclear deal, says reduces threat from Iran To protest the new mandatory army draft, Lithuanians photograph drafted men crying Air Force bombs ISIS HQ after terrorist posts selfie online UK members of parliament mount legal challenge to surveillance laws, claiming breach of human rights Orange says it plans to terminate contract with brand partner in Israel Merkel's New Instagram Account Gets Swamped By Russian Abuse Navy halts live fire explosive exercises off Vancouver Island after being alerted to a pod of Orcas, including 3 calves, in vicinity; praised for being responsive The Red Cross has defended its work in Haiti following a devastating earthquake five years ago after a media investigation found it had only built six houses despite raising nearly half a billion dollars in donations. Germany sent rocketpropelled grenades to Saudi Arabia to swing 2006 FIFA World Cup vote Finnish Customs seize ISISlooted treasures en route to Russia Trade agreements like TiSA, TPP and TTIP will sideline national laws Wikileaks | Wikileaks has warned that gov'ts negotiating a farreaching global service agreement are 'surrendering a large part of their global sovereignty' and exacerbating the social inequality of poorer countries in the process Mars One admits it has only received 4,227 completed applications, not 200,000 Snowden balance of power has shifted as people defy government surveillance | Whistleblower says profound difference has occurred over past two years after leaking of NSA documents as public demands privacy Ontario Bans Conversion Therapy For LGBT Kids Israel slams Swiss funding of NGO's exhibit whose members are veteran combatants who testify about the abuses they have seen or taken part in during their military service in the occupied Palestinian territories The department that delivers programs for Canada's indigenous people has held back more than $1 billion in promised spending for social services over the last five years. Malala Yousafzai attack 8 of 10 reportedly convicted were actually released, police say Chinese hackers breach US federal governments personnel office Justice in Pakistan The government is hanging people left, right and centre A federal judge has struck down Guam's ban on gay marriage, making it the first U.S. territory to recognize samesex marriages. FIFA Paid Ireland Not to Protest Costly Hand Ball Israel doubles water supplies to Gaza, also to increase water to Palestinian west bank and Jordan Poll More than 50% of Israeli youth identify as rightwing, less than 30% willing to condemn attacks against Arabs 2,700year old tomb of Hebrew prophet, guarded by Assyrian Christians, in danger from ISIS WikiLeaks Publishes Secret TISA Trade Documents Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez becomes first headofstate to have meeting with Edward Snowden, doing so secretly around the time of her official visit to Russia Saudis consider Iran  not Israel  their top enemy, study finds Global warming has not stopped or even slowed in the past 18 years, according to a new US government study that rebuts doubters who have claimed that heating trends have paused 50 Militants Attacked Army Convoy in India, Used USMade Rocket Launcher, Say Sources Australian native mammals to be reintroduced to NSW after 100 yrs  Designated national parks will be fenced off and feral animals exterminated to allow Bilbys, Numbats, & Western Barred Bandicoots to flourish Bolivia opens up national parks to oil and gas firms 285 Indian girls shed 'unwanted' names Activists say the name unwanted, which is widely given to girls across India, gives them the feeling they are worthless and a burden 7.3 magnitude earthquake rocks Turkey I think I'd rather be trapped in a mine Six divers are currently trapped in a hyperbaric recompression chamber bolted onto the deck of their ship, which sank in 70 meters of water. Iraqi Prime Minister We made the call  not America  to pull troops after immunity was denied  Israel offers aid to Turkey in wake of massive earthquake  Defense Minister Barak instructs top official to contact Ankara, despite the deep diplomatic crisis that has engulfed the two nations in recent years. UK parliamentary committee suggests that websites need to reveal the identity of anonymous comments, or be liable for what's in those comments The strange and evil world of Equatorial Guinea Norwegian energy giant Statoil confirmed Friday that a large new oil discovery in the North Sea announced earlier this year is twice as big as previously thought.
 Karzai Afghanistan would back Pakistan in war with U.S. Irans Ahmadinejad condemns Syria for killings and massacre Polls open in historic Tunisia election Birthplace of Arab Spring holds first democratic elections in decades, as Tunisians pick a constituent assembly Switzerland's extremeright poised for historic win in Sunday elections, Amid nasty antiimmigration attacks, the Swiss Peoples Party rises. Large 7.3 magnitude earthquake hits Turkey India's Silent War
 The Cleanest Place In Africa Once synonymous with genocide, Rwanda is now a budding police state. It's also a stunning African success story. Palestinian Bid to Join Unesco Could Imperil Funds U.S. legislation mandates a cutoff to any United Nations agency that accepts the Palestinians as a full member. BBC tracks down Gaddafi's AWOL spy chief in Dubai  confronts him about claims  he personally tortured prisoners.   Tens of thousands of Hungarians protested in central Budapest on Sunday against the centerright government, demanding more transparent legislation and protection for the country's freemarket democracy. Karzai Says Afghanistan Would Back Pakistan in a Conflict Collapse of BelgianFrench bank Dexia in Europe highlights spreading global risk Pakistan Indian helicopter violates airspace  Army spokesman says crew of four taken into safe custody after incident near Skardu in country's northeast. Tunisia Casts Historic Vote Deadly earthquake hits eastern Turkey

Death toll could be up to 1,000 after magnitude 7.2 earthquake strikes Van province, bringing down buildings Approaching its first national election since the ouster of Zine elAbidine Ben Ali, the former strongman, Tunisia faces a fierce debate over the sources of political spending while voters will choose an assembly to govern the country while simultaneously writing a new constitution.  Turkey's main seismography center says the quake could have killed up to 1,000 people. Obama All U.S. troops out of Iraq by Dec. 31. The war will finally be over  Lynn Sweet German Pirate Party hit double digits in the polls for the national elections With one in ten Germans embracing the ideas of the young party, the Pirates are on course to gain serious influence in one of the worlds major political arenas U.S. official Saudi Crown Prince dies Rupert Murdoch and sons reelected to News Corp. board University of Wales, the secondlargest university in the country with a 120year history has been abolished following a visa scandal. BitTorrent Throttling ISPs Exposed Comcast was slowing down in 2008, but only 3% last year. In Canada, Rogers has the worst track record as it systematically throttles more than threequarters of all BitTorrent traffic Like many newly emerging democracies, Libya didn't overthrow Qaddafi when it was bulging with youth. It toppled Qaddafi after its youth bulge matured. As Libya takes stock, Moammar Kadafi's hidden riches astound New estimates of the former leader's assets  more than $200 billion  are called 'staggering.' If they prove true, he would rank among the world's most rapacious leaders. Qaddafi Was Worth More Than $200 Billion  By Far The Richest Person In The World More than one in five people in Spain live below poverty line  Tunisians prepare for the election tomorrow, the first in the Arab Spring 'Unwanted' Indian girls get new start in name ceremony Shareholders deal blow to Murdoch Heir to Saudi throne Crown Prince Sultan bin AbdulAziz Al Saud has died. UK government rejects renewed call from Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs to decriminalize drug possession Facebook to give German state privacy exemption Hugo Chavez cancer claim doctor flees Venezuela  A doctor who said Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez had only two years to live has fled the country saying he fears for his life. Dominique StraussKahn has been implicated in a police probe into pimping at a French luxury hotel which has uncovered evidence that he attended sex soirees with prostitutes paid for by businessmen. Occupy protesters vow to stay at St Paul's cathedral, demonstrators say they are prepared to stay at London landmark until government changes direction Turkish forces have killed at least 49 Kurdish militants in two days during clashes near the Iraqi border, the country's military says. Hashish Harvest in Bekaa The People Behind the 
Plant | Al Akhbar English Iran's Ahmedinejad criticizes the killings in Syria. St Paul's Cathedral in London is losing 16,000 a day because of protest camp  Clues to Gaddafi's death concealed from public view 
 Germany arrests two Russians for spying since Cold War
| Reuters

 For the first time in Mexican history, a state will be governed by an independent candidate, without any party support. Ed Snowden should be pardoned, thunders Amnesty International UK | Campaign launched to get Obama to drop espionage charges G7 leaders agree to phase out fossil fuel use by end of century Vladimir Putin I invite you to publish a world map and mark all the U.S. military bases on it. You will see the difference (between Russia and the U.S.). Saudi Arabia hosts UNbacked summit on religious discrimination while they sentence a blogger for insulting Islam One of the naked tourists accused of causing Malaysian earthquake doubles down with F**k your culture statement Billionaire Cartier Owner Sees Wealth Gap Fueling Social Unrest We cannot have 0.1 percent of 0.1 percent taking all the spoils, said Rupert, who has a fortune worth $7.5 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Its unfair and it is not sustainable. Turkey ruling AKP 'loses majority' Scientists show future events decide what happens in the past  An experiment by Australian scientists has proven that what happens to particles in the past is only decided when they are observed and measured in the future. Until such time, reality is just an abstraction. Russia And Qatar Could Lose World Cup If Investigation Finds Votes Were Bought Three Armenians Elected to Turkeys Parliament NASA Pluto's Moons Are 'Tumbling In Absolute Chaos' First time ever Scientists use WiFi signals to power camera without battery Oscar Pistorius set to be released in August after serving just 10 months for shooting his girlfriend Iraq takes back city from ISIS Joy as Turkish election result puts proKurdish party into parliament Diphtheria bacteria detected in eight children in Girona who came in contacted with unvaccinated child who developed the disease, all were vaccinated and have not developed symptoms. Parents of the ill boy feel tricked by antivaccination groups in first such case in Spain since 1987. The Most Popular Eating Banana Might Soon Go Extinct  The Cavendish banana is succumbing to a disease that wiped out its predecessor About half of live dolphins caught in the Japanese coastal town of Taiji were exported to China and other countries despite global criticism of the hunting technique used. MERS outbreak 2,300plus quarantined; 1,300 schools closed in South Korea Luxembourg rejects foreigner voting rights (87,2% against) despite 46% foreign population A new study says that Israelis and Palestinians would gain billions of dollars from peace Dual citizens, immigrants could lose Canadian citizenship under new law Hungary has become the first European country to sign a cooperation agreement for China's new Silk Road initiative to develop trade and transport infrastructure across Asia and beyond. POLITICS  Turkeys Christian minority sends four deputies to parliament British 'worldrecord sniper' says he can still see and smell the people he killed in his nightmares  Sgt Craig Harrison holds the longest confirmed sniper kill but developed posttraumatic stress disorder after his deployment in the Balkans Nazi sympathiser and former King of England, the Duke of Windsor, 'wanted England bombed', archives reveal A Syrian pilot who did not want to be captured alive by Isis killed himself after he landed in an Isis held area. It is believed that the 29year wanted to avoid the fate of the Jordanian pilot, who was captured by Isis and then burned alive. Obama lambasts Putin you're wrecking Russia to recreate Soviet empire 75 millionyearold dinosaur blood and collagen discovered in fossil fragments Fifa crisis Jack Warner stole Haiti earthquake relief money China has told Israel it will not allow migrant builders to work on settlements in the occupied West Bank A Yemeni man whose relatives were killed in a U.S. drone strike nearly three years ago filed a lawsuit against the U.S. government Monday, seeking a declaration from a federal court in Washington, D.C. that the raid was unlawful. First Ocean Plastic Garbage Collector to Be Deployed in 2016 Obama lawyers asked secret court to ignore public court's decision on spying The worlds first artificial leg capable of simulating the feelings of a real limb and fighting phantom pain was unveiled by researchers in Vienna on Monday. Water cannon producers stock dips after Turkeys ruling AKP loses majority In a historic shift, Turks elect Yazidis, Armenians and Roma candidates to parliament. After large public protest New Zealand Minister of Internal Affairs approves a one off use of medicinal marijuana for dying teen as a last resort. Saudi lashing sentence for blogger 'medieval' Swedish FM My opinion is that it's a medieval sentence. It's a medieval method that does not have its place in a society that allows a free media and allows people to express their point of view, Wallstrom told Swedish Radio in Brussels. World's Richest Countries Decide to Take It Slow on Climate Change WHO To Avoid MERS, Dont Drink Camel Urine Belgium with help from US authorities arrests 16 in terror raid triggered by whatsapp messages Nigerian Senate sets age of consent at 11 years old A Light Projection Has Recreated Afghanistan's Destroyed Bamiyan Buddhas. A light projection has been used to shine an image of Buddha onto a cliff in Bamiyan in Afghanistan, where towering sandstone statues of Buddha were destroyed by the Taliban in 2001. 73% of Japanese say South Korea untrustworthy The World Bank wants all corporate bidders on bankfunded projects to publicly reveal their true owners as a way of tackling fraud and cronyism in government contracts. The US does not yet have a complete strategy for helping Iraq regain territory from Islamic State (IS), President Barack Obama has said. 'Germany saw dramatic increase in antiSemitic, antiIsrael crimes in 2014' Hamas Armed resistance not negotiable in struggle against Israel Bangkok Underwater [Pics] Wifesharing haunts Indian villages as girls decline

 Israel rejects Palestinian lawsuit over IDF missile that struck family home N. Korea nationals who witnessed Arab Spring forbidden to return home.  South Sudan will change the language of schooling to English The European Union has reached a threepronged agreement it says is vital to resolving the Greek debt crisis.  As part of the deal, banks have agreed to take a 50% loss on Greek debt. Police chiefs 'authorised undercover police officers to give false evidence in court'. Russia Putin advances Eurasian Union  As the West stumbles, Putin aggressively forges ahead with a new Sovietstyle union. Irish See Opportunity in Greeces Debt Hole  Why is it acceptable to write down Greek debt, when the Irish pay private bankers debts?  French government 'banning vegetarianism' in school canteens Hugo Chvez announces 50% pay raise for the military  Chvez said that the salary increase for military officers would be retroactive to September. They deserve it for the hard work done, in our country. SubSaharan Africa is being sold misguided agricultural policies based on flawed Chinese farming tactics. Pope expresses 'great shame' for violence in God's name  Eurozone crisis banks agree 50% reduction on Greece's debt Uncharted submarine wreck found off PNG Brazil rejects Europe debt purchase plan Syrian army defectors are growing and becoming more organized St. Paul's Chancellor Quits Over Plans to Remove Protesters If the Libyan war was about saving lives, it was a catastrophic failure More than 2,000 people marched Thursday through Johannesburg to demand jobs and a greater share of South Africa's riches Another Container Ship Hits Rocks in New Zealand  They're saying the damage to the ship has been superficial but they're getting that seen to right now. Hundreds of migrants protest tax dispute in east China, blocking roads, torching vehicles The Breivik Interrogations Norway Massacre Suspect Reveals All But Motive Hamas boosting antiaircraft arsenal with looted Libyan missiles
 North Korea bans citizens working in Libya from returning home Apple Continues To Insist Only It Can Use An Apple In A Logo; Threatens Small German Cafe London's Metropolitan Police discovers existence of a secret mobile phone within News International's east London HQ that was used in more than 1,000 incidents of illegal hacking A top US government official believes that the internet is under fierce attack by authoritarian governments worldwide, and that the situation is rapidly deteriorating.
 Remember that high speed train accident in China in July? Within hours of the incident, local officials began burying the wreckage. Video showed bodies still inside the carriages as they were shoved by backhoes into newly dug slit trenches. Javan rhino goes extinct in Vietnam after last rhino poached Colombian President Santos Marijuana should be legalized worldwide  The Colombian head of state said that legalizing softer drugs could be a way forward, provided everyone does it at the same time. China will tighten its censorship of social media networks, the Communist Party said on Wednesday. Internet users will be punishable for publishing what the Party deems harmful information.
 The bodies of 267 people have been found in Sirte, Libya; many appear to have been executed  Al Jazeera A Tibetan Buddhist monk doused himself in fuel and set himself ablaze in far western China on Tuesday, the tenth ethnic Tibetan this year to resort to the extreme form of protest Australia is allowing the hunting of an endangered Great White Shark due to 3 fatalities that haven't been proven to actually be associated with the shark  Saif alIslam is proposing voluntarily handing himself in to the International Criminal Court Engineers, academics accuse feds of misleading public about oil supplies EU politician wants Internet surveillance built into every operating system The disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in March released far more radiation than the Japanese government has claimed. So concludes a study that combines radioactivity data from across the globe to estimate the scale and fate of emissions from the shattered plant.  Arab World Opinion Turns Overwhelmingly Against Syria's Assad New Tunisian Government Promises Dignity For Gays Iceland Genealogical website helps couples avoid incest, and of course, to see if Bjork is a cousin. UK to introduce two strikes and you're out mandatory life sentences for serious crimes Turkey asks for quake help, Israel sending special equipment  Why the image of French police is taking a beating  A handful of Frances most renowned police officers have recently been implicated in a string of scandals involving drugs, prostitution, bribes, and spying on journalists, resulting in a storm of negative attention for French law enforcement.  Hundreds of Yemeni women have set fire to a pile 
of female face and body veils on a main street in 
Sanaa to protest the government's brutal 
crackdown against the country's popular uprising. Occupy Melbourne protesters turn on police in city Gaddafi's driver on the endgame 'He didn't seem to know what to do' Switzerland has denied visas to President Robert Mugabe's wife Grace and five top Zimbabwean officials Pope Approves Of Occupy Wallstreet, Oh Joy! The bankers' blockade of WikiLeaks must end Whether you support WikiLeaks or not, the blockade by Visa, Mastercard, Paypal and others is a sinister attack on free speech Toronto city council bans sale and consumption of shark fin.  The Man Who Knew Too Much 
Libyans may be celebrating the killing of Muammar alQaddafi, but you'd better believe that Western governments are breathing a sigh of relief themselves. Nicolas Sarkozy tells David Cameron to 'shut up' in euro clash. We are sick of you criticising us and telling us what to do, Last rare rhinoceros in Vietnam killed by poacher, group says  A moderate Islamist party, committed to democracy and pluralism, is in the lead in Tunisia's first democratic election. 'Occupy' Blocked In China, Joins Banned Search Terms On Microblog  Turkish Tanks Enter Northern Iraq.  Turkish warplanes bombing the Haftanin region.  Rhino poached to extinction in Vietnam India to outperform China by 2013  Man offered 300,000 to artificially 'grow' a hamburger, raising questions about the future of animal farming and welfare. Euro collapse is now perhaps unavoidable Morales signs new law forbidding construction of Amazon road Wounded Syrian protesters being tortured in hospital, claims Amnesty Berlusconi government on verge of collapse over EU economic reforms  Japanese nurse sentenced to hanging in Malaysia Berlusconi's Government Risks Collapse  Italy could be left without a government just as it tries to convince its European partners that it will get its ailing economy back on track China's Occupy Wall Street Strategy From Headline News to Banned Search Topic China's onechild policy means benefits for parents  if they follow the rules  
Ruleabiding parents get benefits such as preferential hospital treatment, 1st choice for government jobs & extra land allowances  but rich parents can afford to flout the rules Economics has met the enemy, and it is economics Tunisia's moderate Islamist party Ennahda claimed victory in the country's first democratic elections, saying it would reach out to two centreleft parties to form a stable political alliance. Official results are expected Tuesday afternoon.  Mass killings, arbitrary detention under new Libyan regime Photos Thailand's worst floods in half a century Murdoch sons rebuked by News Corporation shareholders Euro rescue postponed yet again, Italy fails to agree on reforms Japan 6 months later... Hard work pays off 
Deal struck to stop poor nations becoming West's toxic waste dump  UN accelerates global ban on export of hazardous waste, including old electronics, discarded computers, & mobile phones, from developed to developing countries BBC News  WikiLeaks suspends publication of classified US files Good News Everyone. India 'close to wiping out polio' Former Irish leader made all decisions in a pub as economy collapsed Gaddafi loyalists executed in Sirte, HRW found  53 decomposing bodies, apparently Gaddafi supporters, at an abandoned hotel in Sirte, and some had their hands bound behind their backs when they were shot In South Korea, too many college grads, too few jobs Skype and Sensibility Estonia Lives the European Dream  The Estonians, with little debt, an enthusiastic attitude toward Europe and a stoic approach to austerity measures, are a model EU nation in the midst of a crisis Libya Framebyframe analysis shows that Gaddafi was sodomized with what appears to be a knife as he was being taken to the truck Cristina Kirchner reelected as Argentina's president in landslide One of country's biggest ever electoral victories makes Kirchner first woman in Latin America to retain top office At least 32 people have died and more than 100 injured after a bridge collapsed at a political event in the Indian teaproducing region of Darjeeling. BBC News  Berlin police arrest man for torching 100 luxury cars Don't Force Statehood On Somalia  
The model for Somalia is Switzerland. Don't laugh! Here's why a decentralised confederation system would work. And, for some counterarguments, read the four heavyduty responses to the article A cyber attack on Japan's biggest defense contractor likely netted military data on warplanes and information on nuclear power plants Rights group Bodies of 53 apparent Gadhafi loyalists found in Libyan hotel Norways annual telethon  approx. 38M$ raised for clearing landmines Video footage shows 'Gaddafi's killer' State govt in Australia seeks to issue up to $12k fines if you insult its gaming minister Michael O'Brien Scouts Canada takes a page from the Vatican regarding management of pedophilia hush money. Get your kids raped and earn big!  Photos Hundreds Dead In Turkey Earthquake Turkey accepts Iranian aid for quake victims Bransons, space tourists anxious for maiden flight
 UK riots analysis reveals gangs did not play pivotal role 
China makes single largest grain donation to Africa official
 Sri Lankan President accused of War Crimes in Australian court  Afghan couple hack off nose, ears of cleric who sexually assaulted their daughter WHO says world poised for 'postantibiotic' era U.S. would react immediately if Russia invaded Ukraine, says American ambassador US offers $5 million bounty for China executive accused of trying to sell missile technology to Iran Afghans repel attack by 300 militants on base, kill 60 militants Japan to refuse entry to 23 Russians due to sanctions over Crimea annexation Fukushima Nuclear Plant Operator Tepco announces $4.3 Billion Profit Scorpions drummer James Kottak jailed in Dubai for insulting Islam Russian Deputy Prime Minister says After analyzing the sanctions against our space industry, I suggest to the USA to bring their astronauts to the International Space Station using a trampoline Ukraine 'on full combat alert' against possible Russia invasion Explosion at Xinjiang's largest train station, cause and casualties still unclear China poised to pass US as world's leading economic power this year American Abu Ghraib Prisoner Disappears Shawki Ahmed Omar disappeared around the time the others were transferred. Repeat requests for information on his whereabouts by his family have fallen on the deaf ears of the Iraqi authorities; the US authorities claim to know nothing as well. Russia parliament approves Internetrestricting bills Gunmen have stormed Libya's parliament and started shooting, according to officials. Kiev says security forces helpless to restore order in east, as more buildings seized Prosecutor Yanukovych's 'Mafia' Government Stole Up To $100 Billion From Ukraine And Some Of It Is Funding Rebels. Pakistan's spy agency ISI accused of kidnapping and killing journalists | Amnesty International details journalists' claims of harassment, intimidation and attacks at the hands of military intelligence. New satellite imagery confirms continued activity at North Korea's main nuclear test site that is consistent with preparations for an atomic detonation David Cameron has pledged to step down as Prime Minister after next years general election if he could not deliver on his promise to hold a referendum on Britains membership of the European Union. 1.4 million workers are employed on zerohours contracts in Britain annually Hess and Mercuria Added to Crude Oil PriceFixing Suit; joining BP, Shell, and Statoil in alleged conspiracy [Bloomberg] Reallife Atlantis? The world's megacities that are sinking 10 times faster than water levels are rising  Scientists have issued a new warning to the worlds coastal megacities that the threat from subsiding land is a more immediate problem than rising sea levels caused by global warming. ProRussia separitists seize control in another Ukrainian city Guardian obtains footage of police officer firing Taser at naked man Julian Assange was willing to go to Sweden to answer allegations. All he wanted was a guarantee he wouldn't be handed over to the United States. Sweden refused. Police brutality caused a pregnant victim to miscarry on Saturday night; six rounds of teargas was fired into an impromptu medical clinic housed in a tent in Istanbul. PM Erdogan threatens news reporters Turkey is not a country that international media can play games on. Turkey threatens to deploy army to end unrest An 18yearold girl beheaded her father with a bush knife after he repeatedly raped her at their home in Papua New Guinea Its about to go down in Aleppo, Syria. as 80,000 troops are about storm the city. Corrosive chemicals in Turkish Police water cannons  causes blisters Putin questions why Western powers support Syrian rebels who eat human organs' Turkish PM appears to be a man so intoxicated with power that he's lost all grasp of reality and doesn't seem to realize how much damage his ego is doing to an entire country Dozens of Photos Showing Toxic and Chemical Gas Canisters Used on Protesters in Turkey 'Hateful' Speech in Istanbul Erdogan Throws Fuel on Flames He cleared out Gezi Park with brutal violence, disparaged the protesters as terrorists and railed against the foreign media...Erdogan is inflaming the conflict once more. But the protest movement shows no signs of backing down China calls for explanations of US surveillance North Korea ready to discuss nuclear disarmament JPMorgan calls for authoritarian regimes in Europe The authors of the JPMorgan report are arguing for governments to adopt dictatorialtype powers to complete the process of social counterrevolution that is already well underway across Europe UK secret service intercepted foreign politicians' comms during G8 Julian Assange Ecuador will continue to grant asylum The Ecuadorian government will continue to ensure that he continues with the protection we have given him under asylum in our country, protecting his life, his personal integrity, and particularly his freedom of expression. Montreal Mayor Michael Applebaum arrested by anticorruption unit 400 Year woman found in backyard,costs couple 5000$ in fees. The Chinese government has ordered firms in heavypolluting industries to cut emissions by 30% by 2017. Turkish government says it may use army to end protests The Turkish government has said it may use the armed forces to end nearly three weeks of unrest by protesters in Istanbul and other cities. I don't recognize the European Parliament, says PM Erdogan Egyptian Bloopers 'Our War Is With America and Israel' Teenage Girl Beheads Father After He Raped Her In Papua New Guinea Home' A Finnish company have spent 10yrs devising a carbon fibre lift rope that will be able to raise an elevator 3,300 feet. The effectiveness of elevators is one of the main constraints when building tall buildings, so UltaRope could result in buildings worthy of the name 'skyscraper' infantile Climate science debate has cost precious time, expert warns. Commission report says evidence of rapidly changed climate has strengthened. There have been attempts to undermine the science. The science has been attacked and scrutinised and it's stood up. UK spies hacked diplomats' phones, emails, Guardian reports Turkish European Union minister Everyone who enters the Taksim Square to be treated as terrorist. Iran's new president in his own words What I truly wish is for moderation to return to the country. This is my only wish. Extremism pains me greatly. We have suffered many blows as a result of extremism. New Zealand law permits 'low risk' designer drugs The legislation is the first in the world to regulate new recreational drugs based on scientific evidence of their risk of harm Tear gas and explosions as Police tries to clear Gezi Park in Istanbul Activists in Turkey claim police targeted medical facilities with water cannon and tear gas Turkish Police are putting acid in the Crowd Dispersal Water Cannon Fluid. Police have forcibly removed throngs of protesters from Istanbuls Taksim Square. Tonight was the most violent police crackdown since the initial protests. BBC suspends ties with Turkey's NTV over protests coverage The UK's Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg Arming Syrian rebels is currently 'the wrong thing to do' Iran will send 4,000 troops to aid Bashar alAssads forces in Syria Turkish Police use their water cannon to spray the German hospital in stanbul German Greens party cochair receives medical attention after being affected by tear gas in Taksim Square, Istanbul It was like war Roth told media. With the Prime Minister's command, police is preparing for intervention to protests in Gezi Park in Turkey. Police enter Istanbul's Gezi Park Riot police pour into Istanbul before Erdogan rally Guardian Brazilian cities rocked by violent clashes Citizens of World Cup hosts Brazil tell the world not to come next year. Gezi Park Radio's message to the world We take back what's ours! Like something out of a movie, Davide Martello plays the piano to quell the crowds in Taksim Square, Turkey 13 Shocking Photos Of Brazilian Military Police Brutalizing Protesters in So Paulo Turkish union federation to call general strike this Monday after police raid in Gezi Park, Istanbul Fighting the poachers on Africa's thin green line. Underpaid, illequipped and outnumbered, park rangers fight a onesided war against vicious gangs of poachers Turkish riot police clash with defiant protesters in Istanbul Nobody can intimidate us. We take no orders or instruction from anyone but God says Erdogan. PM uses tear gas to dispel protesters stadium in Brasilia (FIFA Confederations Cup 2013 in Brazil) Hassan Rouhani wins Iran presidential election UK's 5 biggest banks lose 2.4 million customers in protests against banking scandals Syria chemical weapons  no questions asked; At briefing No one, not one person asked if the Obama administration would make public any of its proof that the Assad regime had used chemical weapons. Here in Brazil, what started, 4 days ago, as a protest over the hike of the public transport fares, turned out as protests over freedom. Police brutally repress protesters in So Paulo, hitting unarmed people with rubber bullets and tear gas as they chanted no more violence. At least 3 journalists were arrested and many injured. Russia says any attempt to enforce a nofly zone over Syria using F16 fighter jets and Patriot missiles from Jordan would violate international law 20th Century Laws Meet 21st Century Surveillance Why Metadata Surveillance is a Serious Concern 'Canada has its own metadata surveillance program. The program was discontinued in 2008 after concerns that it could involve illegal surveillance of Canadians, but was secretly restarted in 2011.' India's Ministry of External Affairs claimed it had no record of Julian Assange's request for asylum. Two days later, Assange provides the Times of India with the receipt issued by the Indian high commission in London for his letter seeking refuge. Protesters in Turkey Vow to Continue Fight Google has revealed topsecret plans to send balloons to the edge of space with the lofty aim of bringing Internet to the twothirds of the global population currently without web access Erdogan claims Jewish investors behind protests BusFare Protests Hit Brazils Two Biggest Cities  The New York Times France 'cuts off' illegal downloader's web access As the French government is rethinking its policy towards Internet users who illegally download copyrighted material, a court has sentenced one offender to 15 days without (some) online services. UN secretary general says US arming Syria rebels 'would not be helpful'  live United Arab Emirates Law mandating midday break for workers in comes into effect today India to send world's last telegram on July 14. US Congress prepares to hand Israel an additional $188 million dollars AFP 25 dead as bombs target women students in Pakistan Patriot batteries, F16s and 4,500 US troops were deployed near the Syrian border earlier this week as part of a scheduled military exercise Offshore Leaks web app lets you sort through gigabytes of leaked financial data ICIJ Releases Offshore Leaks Database Revealing Names Behind Secret Companies, Trusts How Obama crossed his own line on Syria after months of debate Banned pesticides may be having wider environmental impacts A new report indicates that a class of pesticides linked to the deaths of bees may also be posing a risk to soil, water and graineating birds. Early results put Rouhani ahead in Iran poll Moderate cleric takes commanding lead in country's presidential election based on early results, interior minister says. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has urged the US to repeal the huge federal budget cuts introduced this year, denouncing them as excessively rapid and illdesigned. Almost unnoticed, the UN is about to fight its first war. 3,000 Soldiers from South Africa, Tanzania and Malawi wearing UN insignia will take on the irregulars who sow mayhem in Congos east. Google finds that Pakistan leads in searches for gay pornography despite the country's overwhelming opposition to homosexuality PRISMstyle surveillance is global, Julian Assange says Edward Snowden revealed something that I've been speaking about for a long time, providing clear concrete proof that the internet has penetrated every aspect of society, right along with it is mass surveillance, he said. Russian man reveals he is a homosexual to friends, Friends then beat him, shove beer bottles in his anus, try to set him on fire. Then they crushed his head with a heavy stone. Britain says NSA leaker Snowden not welcome in UK Moscow unconvinced by US evidence of Syrian chemical weapons use The US tried to present us with information on the use of chemical weapons, but frankly we thought that it was not convincing...We wouldnt like to invoke references to the famous lab tube that Secretary of State Powell showed Syria Has Used Chemical Arms on Rebels, U.S. and E.U. Say There are more journalists in prison in Turkey than in any other country. Prime Minister Erdogan tolerates no criticism, and aggressive prosecution of journalists on often questionable charges has fostered an atmosphere of anxiety and selfcensorship. Yahoo Fought the Good Fight Against PRISM But Failed Forget PRISM Global Cyberchiefs Meeting in Israel Say They Need to Pry Even Further Iran picks new president, bids adieu to Ahmadinejad The Obama administration successfully lobbied the European Commission to strip its dataprivacy legislation of a measure that would have limited the ability of US intelligence agencies to spy on EU [European Union] citizens, according to three senior EU officials. Why I Have Nothing to Hide Is the Wrong Way to Think About Surveillance Britain asks airlines to block U.S. NSA leaker Snowden report Pictures of people hurt during a demonstration against the raise of bus taxes in So Paulo. Most of these people aggressed by the police were reporting for the press or just passerbys. Syrian rebels pledge loyalty to alQaeda The Shocking Amount of Wealth and Power Held by 0.001% of the World Population The level of inequality around the world is truly staggering 4th day of protests in Sao Paulo, Brazil Classified US government data shown to the SCMP by Edward Snowden has provided a rare insight into the effectiveness of Washington's topsecret global cyberspying programme. The small sample data suggests NSA attacks on HK computers had a success rate of more than 75% Edward Snowden 'banned from flying to UK' Syrian opposition fighters arrested with chemical weapons last month by Turkish police Norway introduces genderneutral conscription as first country in the world According to evidence uncovered by The Associated Press a top commander of a Nazi SSled unit accused of burning villages filled with women and children lied to American immigration officials to get into the United States and has been living in Minnesota since shortly after World War II. Egyptian artists rally against 'Islamisation' of culture Turkish Protesters Sing Les Miserables protest song