 Girls escape forced marriage by concealing spoons in clothing to set off metal detectors at the airport When they go through security, it will highlight this object...they will be taken to a safe space where they have that one last opportunity to disclose theyre being forced to marry Wikileaks just released three insurance torrents via their Facebook page, one includes a whopping 349 gigabytes of data. Major repeat offender elephant poacher faces just 1 year jail Egypt considers outlawing Muslim Brotherhood, calls it a terrorist organization. 'Both sides are wrong'  Egyptian actor Khalid Abdalla urges people to 'reject the binaries' of siding with the army or the Muslim Brotherhood Egypt has erupted into chaos. Military shooting protesters. Armed groups battle military. Hundreds dead today. Videos inside British court has ruled for the first time that a man who lacks capacity to give informed consent should have vasectomy because it is in his best interests  36yearold has an I.Q. of 40, lives with his parents and has a longterm girlfriend who also has severe learning disabilities Somalia polio outbreak spreads; 105 recorded cases  more cases than the rest of the world combined Germany to become first European state to allow third gender birth certificates Did an 8YearOld Spy for America? U.S. Drone Killed Yemeni Man After Boy Planted Tracking Chip Egypt's Christians face unprecedented attacks More than 30 churches have been destroyed in the past week, activists say, as thugs launch a campaign of intimidation. As Islamist rebels rise in Syria, liberal activists take a step back  They are confused and say, Its not my revolution any more.  India's unfair obsession with lighter skin  The Dark is Beautiful campaign hopes to halt India's huge appetite for skin whitening products Rupert Murdochs News Corp could face corporate hacking charges  London police investigating Murdochs British newspaper business for possible criminal violations over allegations of phonehacking and illegal payments to public officials by its journalists Some young HIV patients are giving up their medicine after being told by Pentecostal Church pastors to rely on faith in God instead Mass Protest in Tibet over Chinese Mining  xpost from r/tibet They won't give us a death certificate at the mortuary to bury him saying he was killed in the clashes in Ramses. They want to give us a death certificate saying he committed suicide, 2014 Sochi Olympics  Controversy, not competition, dominates headlines six months out due to Russia's antigay laws The police keep firing; the bodies pile up. In Cairo, bloodbaths are now a daily occurrence NAFSA Directs New York City Cease And Abstain Discriminative Actions Against Indian Country IraqTurkey Oil Pipeline Bombed Iraq would 'welcome' US drone strikes  Foreign Minister Cocacola and McDonalds agree that Winter Olympics should not be relocated from Russia  They both stated that they do not condone the antigay laws, and that they think they contradict the Olympic charter, but...do not think the games should be relocated away from Sochi Swedish track and field official says Emma Green Tregaro has been told that painting her fingernails in rainbow colors to support gay rights is a potential violation of the world championships' code of conduct The Charity That Just Gives People Money GiveDirectly is a charity that just gives money to poor people. The people who get the money can spend it on whatever they want. They never have to pay it back. Former Archbishop of Canterbury Christians in Britain and the US who claim that they are persecuted should grow up and not exaggerate what amounts to feeling mildly uncomfortable Europes marijuana capital isnt Amsterdam. An outlaw Albanian village has built a fortune from the cultivation of cannabis worth as much as half the countrys GDP, and its offlimits to the police. Edward Snowden Says Media Being Misled 'About My Situation' 6.9 earthquake hits Wellington New Zealand 45 churches torched as violence strikes Egypt's Coptic Christians A New 451 Error Message Would Tell Users When Governments Are Blocking Websites Vladimir Putin may have offered to put all Russian military facilities at the Egyptian military's disposal hours after Obama cancelled a U.S.Egyptian military drill Snowden 'Neither my father, nor my father's lawyer, nor his wife, or spokeswoman represent me in any way. This will continue in the future...' The Wild West of groundwater Billiondollar Nestl extracting B.C.s drinking water for free BBC News  US credibility 'in tatters' over Egypt crisis With more deaths than Iraq, Brazil is at war and does not know Man surfaces in Bolivia who is possibly 123 years old, which would make him the oldest person on ever on record; credits longevity to chewing coca leaf. Israeli law will strip many Arab absentees of land Ecuador has abandoned a conservation plan that would have paid the country not to drill for oil in previously untouched parts of Yasuni National Park in the Amazon rainforest Top Israeli official sick of commemorating Hiroshima, Nagasaki Abomb victims More than 40 Churches Burned in Egypt Russias FSB mulls ban on TOR online anonymity network The head of the Federal Security Service (FSB) has personally ordered preparations for laws that would block the TOR anonymity network from the entire Russian sector of the Internet, a Russian newspaper reported. Israel extradites Bosnian Serb for trial over Srebrenica massacre of 8000 Muslim men and boys In Brazil, Kerry Is Told Spying Sows Distrust [Graphic] Video Purports to Show Syrian Rebels Executing Child Assad Supporters Churches torched across Egypt in antiCoptic violence by Morsi loyalists Ecuador restates support for Julian Assange on asylum anniversary A year after granting WikiLeaks founder political asylum, Ecuador says it remains committed to finding solution to standoff Egypt Police prepared to use live ammo as Brotherhood calls march Muslim Brotherhood Supporters Burning Coptic Christian Churches in Egypt Egypt Supporters of former President Mohamed Morsi turn on Christians in angry backlash Wikipedia CoFounder Refuses to Comply With Chinas Censorship Wales said he would rather have no Wikipedia in China than comply with any form of censorship. Wikipedia will always refuse to comply with Gov't requests to restrict information, calling access to knowledge and education a human right. Russia Invites U.S. To A Tank Biathlon Astronomers Find Ancient Star 'Methuselah' Which Appears To Be Older Than The Universe Rail companies in Britain have banned ecigarettes from trains and stations, claiming that the nicotine devices make other passengers feel 'uncomfortable' Julian Assange is confident about being elected to the Australian senate next month Construction firm builds 47story skyscraper in Spain, but forget to include elevators after the 20th floor. Architects have resigned. Norway PM works as secret cab driver Israel approves nearly 1,200 new settlement homes More than 100,000 want to go to Mars and not return, project says Transgender teen killed by mob in Jamaica as country addresses longstanding discrimination. 'For years, Jamaicas gay community has lived so far underground that their parties and church services were held in secret locations' New Zealand court rules that employee must allow her bosses to examine her Facebook pages and bank accounts over what she was up to on sick leave Gay skater Johnny Weir Im prepared to be arrested at Winter Olympics Yemenis call U.S. drone strikes an overreaction to al Qaida threat Is China Doomed?  the increase in capital flight from China and soaring applications for American and European residential visas by wellheeled Chinese suggest that the elite is hedging its bets. Britain's foreign aid has fallen into hands of alQaeda, DfiD admits Almost half a million pounds of British taxpayerfunded aid and equipment has fallen into the hands of alQaeda, the Department for International Development has admitted. The Pirate Bay celebrates 10th anniversary with new Web browser Japans soaring national debt, already more than twice the size of its economy, has reached a new milestone, surpassing one quadrillion yen (1,000,000,000,000,000 Yen) Series of car bombs ripple across Baghdad, killing 57 and injuring 150 New Zealands plan to regulate designer drugs Obama opposes boycott of Olympics over antigay laws in Russia Britain's foreign aid has fallen into hands of AlQaeda, British government admits Gay Peoples Hearts Unsuitable For Life Says Head Of Russias StateControlled TV News India held 3,000 ethnic Chinese in internment camps. A halfcentury later, survivors are still seeking justice. Israel Approves Nearly 1,200 New Settlement Homes on lands the Palestinians want for their state, just three days before U.S.sponsored talks on the borders of such a state are to begin in Jerusalem. A Fukushima Fishermans Tale Yoshio Ichida still rises for work every day at 3am & checks the engine of his 5ton boat, switches it off & gazes out at a sea too poisoned to fish. Upstream, Fukushima leaks into the ocean & sardines, mackerel & squid 3 generations of his family once caught. Study In Switzerland, Marijuana Use Helps Keep Prisons Calm and Safe  The Swiss prison guards agree that marijuana use among inmates is a good thing, and cracking down on consumption would have more negative effects than positive ones New evidence was unveiled Thursday that Japans imperialist army directly managed Asian women for sexual slavery, dealing a fresh blow to Tokyos denials of responsibility. A volcano has erupted in central Indonesia, spewing ash and rocks, killing five people Pakistani troops violate ceasefire with India again, fire over 7,000 rounds of ammunition in 7 hours 'Swedish men told to beware testiclemunching fish.' Experts have warned Swedish men to keep their swimming trunks on if taking a dip in a sound off the country's southern coast, after a South American fish known for attacking testicles was discovered in the area Radioactive water overruns Fukushima barrier Vietnamese Men Emerge From Jungle 40 Years After War, Have Had No Contact With Outside World  In the midst of the Vietnam War, after a bomb destroyed his family home and killed his wife and two of his sons, a desperate father grabbed his infant boy and fled into the forest 2 face charges in case of Canadian girl who hanged self after alleged rape Indian villagers defeat British billionaire over plans to mine sacred mountain Syria Assyrian Christians told 'If you want to come back, convert to Islam, or you will be killed' Israels ultraOrthodox headed to the army German companies to automatically encrypt emails Reactor of India's first indigenous nuclear submarine INS Arihant goes 'critical' (xpost /r/india) US Palm Oil Plantation Endangering Chimps, Other Primates in Cameroon  Forest elephants & endangered chimpanzees will lose stretches of forest habitat if companys plan goes ahead. Based in NYC, Herakles Farms, says its project involves land of little conservation value. Skys Court Ordered Piracy Filter Blocks TorrentFreak Crypto experts blast German email providers secure data storage claim Frances $16M AntiPiracy Agency Has Sent Two Million Warnings, But Only Fined Two People Israeli Drone Strike Kills 5 in Egypt Two cases bolster suspicion of Mexico's justice system The collapse of highprofile cases against two wellconnected men leaves many dismayed by what they see as enduring dysfunction. Zimbabwe agrees to sell uranium to Iran Israel, Greece, Cyprus sign energy and water deal IOC calls on Russia to explain its antigay law Punks break Myanmar's silence on religious attacks ALQAIDA PAPERS The following pages are part of a cache of documents that the Associated Press found on the floor in a building occupied by alQaida fighters for almost a year in Timbuktu, Mali. The AP has pieced together the order of the pages as far as possible. [PDF] 'Golden rice' GM trial vandalised in the Philippines Q&A Edward Snowden Speaks to NY Times. After 9/11 many of the most important news outlets...abdicated their role as a check to power. Olympic Committee Confirms It Will Punish Athletes Who Support LGBT Rights In Russia Recordbreaking quadruple amputee has $30,000 wheelchair returned to him after it was stolen by thieves Israel faces deepening isolation, Kerry warns. Kerry has warned Netanyahu in recent weeks that if the current peace talks bear no fruit, Israel may soon face an international delegitimization campaign on steroids. Hillary Clinton tries to silence Bindi Irwin on population growth The New Zealand Parliament is about to pass a bill legalizing spying on it's citizens  here is the PM's response when questioned about the public's thoughts on it Wikileaks founder Julian Assange might win a seat in next month's Australian election A white rhino has been shot dead by poachers in one of Kenya's most secure parks, near the capital, Nairobi. News Law requiring Muslim women to remove burqa to prove their identity to police introduced to West Aust. Parliament A kick in the teethBritish rail passengers stage protests as fares set to rise by over 9%  Leader says people are condemned to pay the highest prices in Europe for rail travel on clappedout, overcrowded & unreliable trains. U.S. deal to sell 36 F18 to Brazil stumble with recent revelations that the United States collected data on Brazilian Internet communications Russian official on gays And their hearts, in case of the automobile accident, should be buried in the ground or burned as unsuitable for the continuation of life. UK's Liberal Democrats propose to ban all petrol and diesel cars from British roads by 2040 Russia Confirms AntiGay Law Will Be Enforced at Olympics Putin's Weapon in the War of Images  The Russian president has created an antiCNN for Western audiences with the international satellite news network Russia Today. With its recipe of smart propaganda, sex appeal & unlimited cash, it's outperforming its peers worldwide. Gunmen 'kill 44 at Nigeria mosque' Experts estimate that 25,000 to 40,000 elephants are being killed annually by poachers, significantly more than are born each year You're never going to stop poaching by just putting new boots in Africa because it's a game of whackamole. Irish Peat Harvesters Discover World's Oldest Bog BodyRemains of young adult male found in bog where he was likely sacrificed over 4,000 yrs ago. Lack of calluses shows he was likely a noble. A blow broke an arm, there were deep cuts to his back & his body was marked by wooden stakes. Senior IOC member raises specter of taking Winter Olympics away from Russia An entire genus of plants used in Chinese Medicine found to be highly carcinogenic (higher than tobacco smoke) France opposes Olympics boycott over Russian gay propaganda law Rockets fired on Eilat, Israel. Residents say seeing Iron Dome counterrockets intercepting at least one rocket. Twothirds of Iranians are under age 35. Onethird of those between 1625 say they'd abandon Iran if they had the chance. Bahrain expels U.S. teacher for inciting 'hatred' of the royal family Borno 63 killed, 26 hospitalised as Boko Haram attacks Ngom, Konduga Greek youth unemployment hits record 65% A French athlete, who became the first quadruple amputee to swim across the English Channel, has made a public appeal after thieves stole his custommade wheelchair Police In Zanzibar Shoot Radical Imam Wanted In Acid Attack On Two British Women The High Court of Bangladesh ruled that the countrys biggest religious party, the JamaateIslami, is unfit to contest national polls because its charter puts God above democratic process. Saudi prince defects 'Brutality, oppression as govt scared of Arab revolts' He accuses the monarchy of corruption and silencing all voices of dissent and explains how the Saudi mechanism for suppression functions. Evidence of Viking Outpost found in Canada. Norwegian Prime Minister spent an afternoon working incognito as a taxi driver in Oslo. He wanted to hear from real Norwegian voters and stated that taxis were one of the few places where people shared their true views XKeyscore Russia server located at US embassy Prince Friso of The Netherlands has passed away after a nearly one and a half year long coma following his ski accident 2012 In conflict with former statements, Monsanto will be able to ship gene manipulated food to Europe through a backdoor in the new free trade agreement The abuse of China's 'leftbehind' children A series of disturbing revelations in China's state media about the sexual abuse of school children has exposed the dark side of life in rural areas where parents leave their homes to earn money as migrant workers. Britain must accept fracking for good of nation, says David Cameron A referendum on Scottish independence, due to take place on September 18, 2014, will mark the most important constitutional event in British history since the Act of Union united Scotland and England in 1707 Fukushima plant spilling contaminated water into the sea 'for years' NASA Finds A Pink Planet That Challenges Current Theories 'Smart' bins banned from grabbing your data as you pass by. The City of London Corporation has called for WiFienabled, datasnaffling bins to stop recording your movements as you wander the streets. Syrian rebels accused of sectarian murders  Hundreds of Alawite civilians have been killed, kidnapped or have disappeared during a rebel offensive on Latakia, local residents have reported. China and India 'water grab' dams put ecology of Himalayas in danger Railroad files for bankruptcy after Quebec oil train disaster Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway has filed for bankruptcy in the US and Canada, claiming it lacks the insurance and financial resources to cover the damages of North American's worst railway disaster in decades. Spain 'to take Gibraltar dispute to UN' Spain Considers Joint Diplomatic Offensive with Argentina Over Gibraltar and the Falkland Islands Snowden's Father Will Travel to Russia, Rejects Idea of Plea Deal For Son Norway says no to Apple regarding high precision photo of Oslo City to be used in Apple's map solution. U.S Embassy Please reconsider. Why the World Bank Shies Away From Energy Efficiency USEU Spy Scandal Challenges Transatlantic Trade Talks Italian Professor of Medicine makes a startling breakthrough while treating his wife. It's possible he has found a cure for multiple sclerosis b'Dubai is going bust.. Major govt. owned Investment company asks for a delay in its debt repayments' In Japan, 'Herbivore' Boys Subvert Ideas Of Manhood  b'Widespread child sexual abuse by Catholic priests in Dublin was covered up for decades by senior clerics' b'Here is why domestic violence campaigns focus on Women and Girls' b'Israeli Mossad trainee gets caught planting fake bomb under car, Israeli TV says it hoped the agency's operatives were more effective abroad.' b'The Nine Nations of China' b'Canada warned that prisoners turned over to Afghanistan were sexually abused, beaten, stabbed, shocked, and burned.' b'US refuses to sign antilandmine treaty' b'The dark side of the internet' b'Police in Kent have at last acknowledged that arresting people for being too tall might not be a very good idea.' b'Over a Hundred Massive Icebergs Heading Towards New Zealand (Photos)' b'Brazil and Iran Welcome To The Luladinejad Axis  When Lula talks, world leaders do listen  I told Obama, I told Sarkozy, I told Merkel  This is not only Lula talking  it's BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, China) talk. ' Computer hacker Gary McKinnon is 'facing a US trial' b'Iran seizes Nobel winner Shirin Edabi&rsquo;s medal  Times Online' b'UK banks will be forced to publish the number of staff earning more than 1m under Walker Review proposals' b'BBC News  Irish Church accused of abuse coverup' b'Women to be jailed in Mexico for having an abortion' The world's 10 fattest countries b'Those killed included at least 12 journalists,  making Monday the deadliest single day for journalists anywhere in the world.' Obama must keep in mind that South Asia is a tar pit filled with failed and dysfunctional states, save for one longestablished democracy of 1.2 billion people that is the secondfastestgrowing major economy in the world, a check on China's rising ambitions, and a natural ally of the United States. b'When Massacres Go Wrong Most of the victims were relatives, lawyers and supporters of Ismael Mangudadatu, a rival of the Ampatuan family. Twentyseven of them were journalists covering the event and fifteen are reported to have been innocent motorists who happened to have been passing by.' b'Former Colombian general sentenced to 40 years in prison for colluding with rightwing death squads in Mapiripn massacre' The World's Children (Photo Gallery)  b'Death toll at 57 in Philippine massacre ' The hypocrisy of the media attack on Wikileaks  The traditional media has become so toothless it is reduced to attacking Wikileaks for doing its job properly. Wikileaks cable leak Guardian WikiLeaks asked the US for help redacting potentially injurious information.  The US refused. Defense Minister Kim Taeyoung said Monday [November 29, 2010] that fighter jets and warships of South Korean and U.S. forces will immediately strike North Korean targets should the North launch an attack on the South's soil again. Inside North Korea  exclusive footage    video obtained exclusively by The Sunday Telegraph shows harrowing images of emaciated, fearful North Koreans suffering from food shortages and government oppression. WikiLeaks Red Crescent (Red Cross) smuggled weapons for Iran in Lebanon Among the more epic stories out of the wikileaks cables  75 yearold American escaped Iran riding a horse over a freezing Turkish mountain range The job of the media is not to protect power from embarrassment  It is for governments  not journalists  to guard public secrets, and there is no national jeopardy in WikiLeaks' revelations.
 Wikileaks NY Times release Survey More than one third of South African men admit to having committed rape. That is all. South Korea's President, Lee Myungbak, has taken responsibility for failing to protect the country and said the South would abandon its longstanding policy of not responding militarily to the North's hostile acts. BBC News  Iran nuclear scientist killed in bomb attack Wikileaks US says Berlusconi is feckless, vain, and ineffective as a modern European leader. Surely not Am I the only one surprised by the fact that the Prime Minister of Turkey is beating Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert, and Julian Assange for Person of the Year? Europe OKs $112.53 billion Ireland bailout
 WikiLeaks Ayatollah Khameni has terminal cancer Iranian nuclear scientist was killed and another injured when they and their wives were attacked by terrorists Asia Bibi, a Christian, has been sentenced to death after falling foul of the Pakistan's blasphemy law Rio's drug war [pics] France Wikileaks Threatens Democracy  Authority and democratic sovereignty are threatened by such practices, Francois Baroin said of the WikiLeaks release of classified U.S. documents. If there was such a thing as a French WikiLeaks, we would have to be inflexible (in dealing with it). Maybe the UN should look for a more neutral location for it's headquarters WikiLeaks US diplomats 'have been spying on UN leadership' Canadian Forces have for four years captured children accused of cooperating with the Taliban and transferred them to notorious Afghan security unit suspected of torture Sarkozy's war on journalism  Is the French government resorting to increasingly repressive measures to silence the press? China Makes Urgent Announcement Calls For Emergency Six Nation Consultation On Korean Crisis, Says US/ROK Exercises Bringing War to Peninsula A Caucasus Wedding  
William Burns | US Govt/Wikileaks | 
Shrewd, funny, informative account of bigmoney wedding in Russian Caucasus, from America's thenambassador in Moscow. Much drinking. Many guns. Guests include Ramzan Kadyrov, Chechen president Saudi Male Guardianship = Slavery. Year after year, the 42yearold Saudi surgeon remains single, against her will. Her father keeps turning down marriage proposals, and her hefty salary keeps going directly to his bank account. Here we go again... Explosion sounds of artillery fire heard on Yeonpyeong Island, S. Korean official says Der Spiegel Wikileaks to release 251,287 cables and 8,000 diplomatic directives, 1966present, none classified as top secret, only secret Chanos vs. China  The influential shortseller is betting that China's economy is about to implode in a spectacular real estate bust. A lot of people are hoping that Chanos  who called Enron right  is wrong this time. Wikileaks Guardian coverage Wikileaks The whole release is here North Korea's undercover journalists reveal misery of life in dictatorship With its ruthless dictator, network of forced labour camps and iron grip of its ruling party, North Korea is the last country one might expect to see a middleaged woman berating a policeman for demanding a bribe. Wikileaks release in Russia, fear of damage to future US relations  Wikileaks documents show that China was indeed behind attacks on Gmail, US and SK have been talking about a collapsed NK, US has been bargaining with other countries for Guantnamo prisoners, Saudi remains the chief donors of terrorist groups, US clashed with Europe over human rights, and more! US embassy cables Saudi king urges US strike on Iran  WikiLeaks Archive  North Korea gave Iran powerful midrange missiles capable of hitting Moscow; Obama gets China, Russia on board with much stricter Iranian sanctions this page is operated by the North Korean government WikiLeaked cable from Bob Gates Russian 
democracy has disappeared and the government 
was an oligarchy run by the security services Oops S. Korean artillery mistakenly fired on DMZ Wikileaks Saudi Arabia urges US attack on Iran South African government wants to use UAVs to hunt rhino poachers WikiLeaks Archive  Cables Uncloak U.S. Diplomacy  NYTimes.com WikiLeaks 'to highlight Putin and Berlusconi's special relationship'  Wikileaks US spying on UN leadership Cuba to send medical reinforcements to Haiti. The new delegation brings the number of Cuban medical workers in the country to 1,300. New WikiLeaks files 'to reveal American criticism of Mandela' As prophesied, the boy priest grew up to become one of Liberia's most notorious warlords General Butt Naked. Wikileaks Israel urged US to attack Iran China wants to resume talks aimed at denuclearizing North Korea amid rising military tensions surrounding the Korean Peninsula. Japan spots Chinese vessels near disputed islands report Three teenage boys have been rescued after drifting in the Pacific Ocean for 50 days in a small boat. The boys had started drinking seawater and had eaten just one seagull during their ordeal. Chinese villagers 'descended from Roman soldiers' Georgian Delegation Hires 80 Prostitutes during Lisbon NATO summit Erdogan Turkey will not remain silent if Israel attacks Lebanon Pressure mounts on Pakistan's president to pardon Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy Chief Ministers for 20 years have been giving away prime real estate to relatives, servants, drivers, maids! Each property costs more than US$ 440,000! South Korea to bolster troops against Pyongyang Armoured carriers enter Brazil slum as security forces prepare to take on drug gangs. Former President charged with raping former employee while serving as tourism minister, sexually assaulting two others as president, and obstructing justice North Korea warned of additional military attacks if South Korea makes reckless military provocations again Israeli activists say Jerusalem police are kidnapping children, interrogating kids as young as 8 years old Boys alive after 50 days adrift in Pacific South Korean Defence Minister Resigns  Europe's debt contagion could spread from Ireland to Portugal  and then Spain Worse than Fritzl Argentine fathers 10 children with his daughter This week, an international commission is meeting to determine the fate of the Atlantic bluefin. Experts estimate the Atlantic bluefin population has declined up to 85% from its original numbers  Obama's humiliating offer to Netanyahu it was made thanks to Dennis Ross (the President's top Middle East adviser), who seems to think that an all carrots, no sticks policy is the best way to deal with Bibi. He's wrong. BRIC leaders discuss multipolar world order, including alternatives to the U.S. dollar as global reserve currency Mexico drugs baron admits tourist deaths mistake Brazil Marines join slum battles, 30 people killed Looked at the picture. Read the quote, I will never let you go when I see your soul in the afterlife. Stop, tears. Stop. Superbug reported in DK

An NDM1 infection has been seen for the first time in Denmark. Ireland to rise again, with or without the euro. North Korea threatens more attacks on South  News Corps paywall around the Times is paying off wonderfully. Readership has dropped by 99.9% and most of those get it free with a print subscription. All 29 trapped New Zealand miners are believed to be dead following a second explosion in the Pike River Coal mine U.S. aircraft carrier heads for Korean waters as South Korea warns North Korea of enormous retaliation Swedish cartoonist not afraid after new death threat It's too cold and there is too much snow for someone to try an amateur terrorist act. It has begunChina and Russia drop U.S. Dollar in favor of their own currencies for bilateral trade. 'S. Korea may strike N. Korea's missile base' British national student walkouts begin at 1100am today 100 years since the last Swedish execution  Today it is exactly 100 years ago since the last execution was conducted in Sweden. It was the first, and last, time a guillotine was used as a form of execution. Iranian 'selfdeveloped' S300 antiaircraft missiles oil drums welded together thrown in the back of a truck China, Russia to stop using the US Dollar for bilateral trade North Korea South attacked us first People who make large donations to political parties expect to gain influence and shape future policy, and it is absolutely natural and unobjectionable for them to do so, a major donor to the Conservative party said today Ireland unveils tough austerity plan Can anybody tell me whether this is true or false? RT news claims S.Korea has admitted to firing the first shot; I can't find any substantiating evidence, but would like to be sure. Ten people suspected of planning terrorist attacks in Belgium were arrested in Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands on Tuesday. The raids were the culmination of months of investigation into international jihadist activities. North Korea's wellrehearsed performance As the smoke clears, the US and South Korea scramble to respond The world's first tiger summit wrapped up today with donor pledges of almost $330m aimed at making the great cat worth more alive than dead. Saudi Employer Hacks Off Maid's Lips  UN General Assembly Votes To Allow Gays To Be Executed Without Cause...   Cool Associated Press interactive infographic about the North vs. South Korean military matchup Seismic change in The Vatican's stance on condoms confirmed. You cannot anymore raise the objection that any use of the condom is an intrinsic evil. Iran's parliament revealed it planned to impeach President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad but refrained under orders from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, exposing a deepening division within the regime. 29 miners confirmed dead after New Zealand mine explosion ( Irish unveil harshest cuts, tax hikes in history ~ Preview of what is in store for the US? Putin Says Russian Yuan Trade to Start Next Month
 China, Russia quit dollar in trade settlement Taliban ...[The Americans] have no right to tell us about democracy and human rights. That's an Afghan issue and it will be decided by the Afghans.
The Americans behave with arrogance ...They don't belong here. They are foreigners, outsiders. In what could be a crucial development, stateowned newspapers in China have blamed North Korea for this week's attack; one even editorialised that North Korea could be a country without a future. The North may have gone too far this time. . . . Nigeria raids Halliburton, arrest 12 in bribery case. Hitchens defeats Blair in religion debate Is it good for the world to worship a deity that takes sides in wars and human affairs, to appeal to our fear and to our guilt  is it good for the world? Canadian Senate pass government's crime bill, S10, which institutes mandatory minimum sentences for a number of nonviolent drug offenses, including a sixmonth sentence for growing five pot plants  The segregation of Jews and Arabs in Israel of 2010 is almost absolute. For those of us who live here, it is something we take for granted. But visitors from abroad cannot believe their eyes segregated education, segregated businesses, separate entertainment venues Thousands protest against Irish bailout | World news | guardian.co.uk Former Miss Universe tweeted Tonight I want to ask you to join me in a prayer for peace, that these attacks between the Chinas do not make our situation worse. China warns U.S. to stay out of it's economic zone.  The freeze being negotiated between the US and Israel is ultimately designed to legitimise illegal Jewish settlements. UK Police wants the power to shutdown websites Lawyer deeply concerned about this proposal if it meant police could act before a conviction had been secured From the classified disasters diverted file Libya tried to blackmail the world with weaponsgrade uranium last year.  US Diplomats say the person responsible for leaking the cables to Wikileaks has been arrested, according to Italy's Foreign Minister.
 Mining below Johannesburg left huge pit now rapidly filling with blood red water. Millions of gallons of the toxic water is rising at rate of 50 ft a month North Korea accused South Korea of using civilians as human shields around artillery positions on an island attacked by the North South Korea Marines vow 'thousandfold' revenge as protesters demand tougher response Study More than 1 in 3 South African men admit to rape Reddit, can you help spread the news of this protest event to the US before December 7th? Its pretty big in Europe but we need you guys in as well! Missing radioactive rods found by FedEx
 Ipsos Reid poll The world is deeply divided on the question of whether religion is a force for good in the world  Saudis agree but not the Swedish Chinese pupils trash dinner hall in protest at cost of meals  Brazil police 'retake' Rio slum Portugal passes austerity budget as speculative attack on Spain intensifies. The European debt crisis intensified Friday, as speculators continued their latest attacks on Spain and Portugal. Meanwhile tensions rose between Germany and European officials over... Haiti spirals into violence Campaign teams attacked, journalists ambushed and murders have spiked ahead of Haiti elections US expecting 'worst case' Wikileaks release I didn't understand quite how bad things had become in this country until I saw armed cops being deployed against schoolchildren in the middle of Whitehall. Pregnant woman survives after being stabbed 24 times, shot in the leg, and dumped in a ravine.  Oh and the baby made it as well. Iceland allowed it's banks to fail  and is doing all 
the better for it Video footage shows mounted police charging a crowd of UK student protesters during this week's tuition fees demonstration. Met police issue denial but witnesses tell of terrifying ordeal 'Artillery fire' heard near South Korea island [11/26] Russia finally admits Stalin did order massacre of Polish officers Student protests video shows mounted police charging London crowd Iceland to elect citizens' panel to rewrite constitution 'Wikileaks documents show Turkey helped alQaida'  Wikileaks is planning to release files that show Turkey has helped alQaida in Iraq, according to Londonbased daily AlHayat. The newspaper also reported that the US helped the PKK, a Kurdish rebel organization. The IMF riot is painfully predictable. When a nation is, down and out, [the IMF] takes advantage and squeezes the last pound of blood out of them. If the eurozone falls apart, it will be because Germany did not do enough to save it. If the eurozone is saved, it will be thanks to Germany. This is the greatest challenge to German statecraft since the country was peacefully united 20 years ago. Russian Parliament finally admits Stalin ordered Katyn Massacre If Germany realizes that it faces neverending, and everrising, costs to keep the euro zone intact, and that the victim states will not ditch the euro of their own volition, it might be pushed into a radical move Remove itself from the euro zone and put the mark back into action. Dear Reddit, I've never hated my country or its people more than I do today. Is anyone else getting a little nervous about the horrible timing of this Korea situation and the Wikileaks release, said to be damning to the US? Israeli soldiers who made Palestinian boy search 'bomb' bags are freed We're going to have a system where the middle classes are discouraged from breeding because it's jolly expensive  But for those on benefits, there is every incentive. Well, that's not very sensible. Mass Exodus From Finnish Church During a recent live televised debate church representatives called homosexuality a sin and questioned gay couples ability to raise a family Iceland elects ordinary folk to draft constitution Flying in Europe? Don't fear a patdown, as European Union governments take different approach than US to airport security The Pirate Bay Appeal Verdict Sadly, Guilty Again! N. Korea warns planned U.S.S. Korea exercises bring peninsula 'closer to brink of war' as Seoul names new defense chief  The costs and consequences of the single 
European currency falling apart are too high for it 
to be allowed to happen Italian students swarmed the Colosseum in Rome and the Leaning Tower of Pisa as part of nationwide protests against proposed budget cuts in the university system South Korea defense minister quits An amsterdam artist overlayed modern photos of the city with WW2time pictures she found at a flea market Pope Benedict says condom use justified  for male prostitutes UN removes sexual orientation from list of discriminatory grounds for executions  OKs executing gays. Rights group Amnesty International The U.S must prosecute former President George W. Bush for torture if his admission in a memoir that he authorized waterboarding holds true Israeli courtmartial passed suspended jail sentences to two soldiers who forced a Palestinian boy to search for suspected boobytraps on their behalf during the Gaza Strip war.. basically they would go free So what would a better security system look like for our airports? Some suggest Israelification  a 6layer security protocol Israel uses no nudiescanner, not looking for liquids, your shoes, they just look at you, your face, your eyes Intelligence documents used to argue that Iran had a covert R&D nuclear weapons programme in 2003 had a fatal flaw the drawings showed the wrong missile warhead  Wrongly deported Iranian was tortured Aland Salimi says police in Baghdad beat and starved him after he was flown to Iraq from Britain Indonesian government steps up heat on S. Arabia over worker abuse Monsoon, the fashion retailer, pioneered ethical shopping but internal audits reveal its suppliers used child labour and underpaid workers Report North Korea claims it is enriching uranium at new plant BBC News  Flock of 500 sheep vanishes in eastern Georgia AIPAC Fighting for survival Ireland asks for 70bn EU bailout to rescue banks Honor Killing in Iraqi Kurdistan   More than 12,000 women were killed in the name of honor in Kurdistan from 1991 to 2007 Now Britain's MenOnly Clubs Have to Let in the Ladies Rise of the robots and the future of war Mideast politics Egypt on the brink
 Cougar hires Nigerians to kill young rugby player who has spurned her love....picks the wrong Nigerians When the U.N. ranked the Least Developed Countries (LDCs) in 1971, there were only 25 nations. Now there 50 with the dubious distinction of being the poorest of the world's poor  what happened? U.S. expert saw hundreds of centrifuges in North Korea. India, China buying U.S. coal mines, shale gas fields British mercenaries hired to take on the Somali pirates  Japan plans troop deployment near disputed islands Nikkei The endgame for the peace process Future historians will argue over the precise moment when the ArabIsraeli peace process died.
 
 92% of 1000 afghan men interviewed in Helmund and Kanhdahar provinces unaware of 9/11 according to UN study One of the Most Highly Decorated Military Personnel in Your Country turns out to be a Psychotic Torturer and Killer.  How Should that Nation Respond?  Here is One Response. Indonesian maid tortured in Saudi Arabia, another beaten to death In room 365 at the orthopedic ward in King Fahd Hospital in Madina, Mustapa looked deformed as if her scalp had been peeled offburns are scattered all over her lean body. Bankers did more economic harm 'than IRA'  The Irish Times  Portugal's drug policy Treating, not punishing IRA threatens to blow up bankers. Is this the nastiest film ever made?                      One US distributor fainted as he tried to leave a screening of A Serbian Film earlier this year, hit his head on the door and ended up needing stitches. The film's British sales agent was left hurriedly trying to clear up the pool of blood. No visa for you  Official US visa refusal rates for 2010, sorted by country According to information obtained by German security authorities, alQaida and associated groups are believed to be planning an attack on the Reichstag building in Berlin, the headquarters of Germany's parliament BBC News  Obama Missile defence shield for all Nato members Lao These are the scars of the U.S. government's nineyearlong secret bombing campaign over this small, landlocked country that borders Vietnam to the east. U.S. bombing records show that over 20,000 missions involving the release of roughly 46 million cluster munitions occurred Dutch government attempts to ban sale of marijuana to tourists   Telegraph Deep rooted corruption in Indian media exposed. Whole Indian media silent.  Fake bomb made in the US caused Germany terror alert
German interior minister says suspicious package found in Namibia was manufactured to test airport security US tanks go in to Afghanistan amid warnings over air strikes toll Gazans shocked at how many neighbors, coworkers, officials are 'spying' for Israel Israeli wanted by Colombia for training rightwing militias released in Russia Thailand Red Shirts flood centre of Bangkok again Northern Mexico's state of anarchy 
 Berlusconi aide was 'liaison' with mafia court ruling Cholera protesters in Haiti capital stone U.N. patrol  Pope Benedict XVI  Male prostitutes permitted to use condoms. Bolivia's army declares itself socialist, anti
capitalist, and antiimperialist. Electrical car blamed for ferry fire Europpean Soccer Star calls for Revolution  Decemeber 7th is Banker Mutiny Day!! North Korea has fired several artillery shells across its western maritime border, prompting return fire from South Korea Americans favor end of sanctions against Cuba by 21 margin, but count on GOP to stall any freedom to travel bills I am urging you Iranians in Sweden to please email Ericsson and object and say, 'Why are you selling the Iranian government software with which it can control its people', Nobel Peace laureate Shirin Ebadi said. India deploys 36,000 extra troops on Chinese border South Korean island of Yeongpyeong, after the firing of North Korean artillery  Photos Kuwait bans the use of DSLR cameras in public places by anyone other than accredited journalists. North Korea fires artillery onto South Korean island. Reports saying South Korea firing back. 378 trampled to death in Cambodia. (Nov 23, 2010) Israel Defense Forces uses Facebook to catch 1,000 draftdodging women who avoid military service by declaring that they're religiously observant  N. Korea shells S. Korean island. Veterans Soviets in Afghanistan  More than 600,000 troops participated in the Soviet Union's decadelong war in Afghanistan, the USSR's largest military operation since WWII. Yet for many in...former Soviet countries, the conflict is one they would rather forget and is regarded with humiliation. BBC News  German Army to Suspend Conscription in 2011 Hm.  South Korea just said that it will only retaliate if there are additional provocations.  Sounds like they've swallowed that frog  bravo for them South Korea threatens to launch missiles at North Korea after deadly clash.  ABSURD Kuwait bans all photography, except for use by journalists Mexican hitman's chilling tale  North Korea opens fire on inhabited South Korean island 14 Soldiers and 2 Civilians injured, South Korea returns fire Two South Korean marines have reportedly died now. Here is the first video footage of the North Korean artillery fire that did it. For months, the secret talks unfolding between Taliban and Afghan leaders to end the war appeared to be showing promise, if only because of the appearance of a certain insurgent leader at one end of the table, who has now turned out to be an impostor. Meanwhile, in North Korea..In a military provocation, the South Korean puppets started firing over the region of the Yeonpyeong Island in the Chosun West Sea from 1300, despite our repeated warnings.  Four S. Korean soldiers wounded by N. Korean artillery fire military officials  'A Large Proportion of Catholic Clerics and Trainee Priests Are Homosexual'  David Berger, a gay theologian who has written a book about his experiences as a senior theologian in the Catholic Church, speaks to SPIEGEL about homophobia and the church's shift to the right. Secret maritime history of the Aborigines in settling of Australia NATO's top civilian envoy to Afghanistan Kids safer in Afghan cities than NYC  Somali Piracy Is a Problem for the World Tim BernersLee, creator of the world wide web, warns that we need to defend the web, or else it could break up into fragmented islands, led by Apple, Facebook and Google. BBC News  Tigers threatened by extinction as only 3,000 left Vladimir Putin and World Bank chief stage a campaign to double the number of tigers in the wild by 2022, the highest level political meeting to ever discuss a single species. A Russia Today news crew has been detained in the U.S. as they filmed a rally near a military training academy dubbed by critics the 'School of Assassins'. A cameraman and a correspondent have been taken into custody in the state of Georgia, along with a number of activists. WTF...Vatican directive on child protection wont make abuse reporting mandatory 29 Miners trapped in a coal mine in New Zealand. Haven't been heard from in 3 days. Rescuers are yet to enter the mine. At least 339 people killed in stampede in Cambodia's Water Festival 'These are human beings we are dealing with'  Fighting Prisoner Rape in South Africa Gallery of photos from November 15th apartment fire in Shanghai, which claimed 58 people [pics] [6 year old] ALong doesnt actually believe that there is anything bad about living alone, because he has Old Black. Ireland is having a Lehmans moment The next 24 hours will be vital  and not just for Ireland. Iraq has run out of money to pay for widows' benefits, farm crops and other programs for the poor, the parliament leader on Sunday told lawmakers who have collected nearly $180,000 so far this year in one of the world's most oilrich nations. Ireland fears civil unrest as bank crisis deepens  Cell ringtone sparks Indonesian tribal war Cuba cutting everything but security  Cuba is making drastic cuts in public employment and spending but not in its security apparatus, Communist Party documents show. Chihuahua, Mexico  Cartels threaten to hurt students if teachers don't give up their Christmas Bonuses Japan's justice minister resigns after causing outrage for joking about how easy his job was. TSA Forces Woman To Cut Off Her Nipple Rings With Pliers (Video) US Embassy Beijing Air Quality Is 'Crazy Bad'  NPR Republic of Ireland confirms EU financial rescue deal WHO A billion people cannot afford any health services, and paying for healthcare pushes about 100 million people a year into poverty  Israeli Soldiers Avoid Jail in Human Shield Case  Truthdig DebtCrippled Ireland Asks EU for Massive Bailout. Football betting now legal in Vietnam  The Ministry of Finance has decided to legalise football betting for two reasons. First, it wants have control over football betting, which  despite the ban  has been carried out on a massive scale... BBC News  North Korea nuclear plant confirms US suspicions Pakistani Tribesmen Representing Half A Million People Vowed To Switch Sides & Join the Taliban If Americans Don't Stop Raids into Pakistan b'Italy Berlusconi government seeks to rehabilitate fascism' b'A chemical blamed for killing two infants in China has been found in 69 brands of baby milk powder nationwide, state television said on Tuesday, in a potential dramatic escalation of the scandal' b'Pakistan Orders Troops to Open Fire on U.S. Forces to Stop Raids' b'Aquaflow Strikes Oil with Green Crude from Algae' b'Afghan civilian casualties soar. The UN says that from January to August 1,445 civilians were killed  a rise of 39% on the same period last year. ' b'Pakistan orders troops to open fire if US launches air or ground raid across Afghan border' b'Suicide bombing kills 22 in Iraq' b'South Ossetia says finds 500 of 1,600 civilian dead | International | Reuters' b'Canadians among happiest in world' b'Goths arrested on suspicion of murdering and eating teenagers in Satanic ritual' b'On the Day Pakistani Military Promised to Respond to US attacks, Pakistan Closed Torkham Border Crossing (Khyber Pass), Which is the Route for  70% of NATO Supplies.' b'Genetically engineered Merck Cancer Vaccine Made Mandatory For Immigrants Controversial shot now required if you want to live the American dream ' Russia's Medvedev Attack on Iran will endanger entire world Nigeria militants 'raze' Shell oil complex  b'Chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, Admiral Michael Mullen, makes unannounced visit to Pakistan' b'Intelligence officer claims CIA was complicit in torture in Uzbekistan' b'Pakistan Allegedly Fires Warning Shots at US Troops' b'Remember the McDonalds theory of war?  The Russia vs Georgia war has conclusively disproved it.' Petraeus leaves Iraq, Odierno takes command. You've done a heckofa job, Davie. Witchcraft ISN'T REAL Deadly Congo soccer riot sparked by witchcraft rumor b'Thousands flee heavy Darfur fighting' b'Many more U.S. troops needed in Afghan war general (We're in a pretty tough fight here ... and I think we're going to be here for a while....)' b'A fatwa against Mickey Mouse' b'Mideast leaders to meet amid doubts of a deal' Pakistan let China see stealth chopper from bin Laden raid Excellent war map of fighting in Libya Essex police charge man over water fight planned on BlackBerry Messenger 29yearold Tibetan monk dies in selfimmolation protest in southwest China. He was heard calling for the return of the Dalai Lama and freedom for the Tibetan people. North sea oil spill 'worst for a decade'  
The government has described the leak as 'substantial' & estimates that it could be several hundred tons 25 Ordinary Citizens Write Icelands New Constitution With Help From Social Media Israel approves 277 new homes in West Bank settlement The World Should be Watching Tahrir Square Russia's Arctic 'sea grab'  Russia is expected within months to claim to the United Nations its right to annex about 380,000 square miles of the Arctic. At least 34 people have been killed in a twin bombing in the southeastern Iraqi city of Kut, Iraqi officials say. Second Tibetan Monk Immolates Himself  NYTimes.com Syria unrest 'They are shooting anything that moves' South Korea's president is calling for peace and cooperation with North Korea as the rivals try to set aside decades of animosity and pursue dialogue. 
 Rebels have taken the key town of Zawiya, and appear to have Tripoli surrounded on three sides. How much longer can Gaddafi hold out? Hello World Israel is OutClassing You in Civil Disobedience BlackBerry Ban lifted in Saudi Arabia.... after 20year old brit was arrested for a water fight A Politically Dangerous Proposal  Europe Pressures Merkel to Accept Euro Bonds Radiation contamination leaves Fukushima schools 
unable to drain pool water Iraq foots the bill for its own destruction Govt says North Sea oil leak biggest in decade German boy told to clean up calls cops over 'forced labour' Pittsburgh Father and Son Return to Libya to Fight Against Gadhafi.  Die Clutching Each Other in Their First Battle.  Listen China orders petrochemical plant shutdown after protests BBC News  Syria unrest Palestinian refugees flee camp, says UN German Farright party stirs uproar with 'step on gas' election ad...  b'In the future an immigrant arriving in Germany may have to sign an integration contract. The contract would require the immigrant show respect for freedom of speech and women's equality.' b'Every school pupil in England is to be taught that  domestic violence against women and girls is  unacceptable, as part of a new government  strategy.  Excuse me?  Only women and girls?' b'Why white skin is all the rage in Asia' b'Britain heard US drumbeat for invasion before 9/11' b'Britain has been voted one of the worst places in the world for expats to live; Canada the best.' b'Switzerland votes on a ban of minarets to stop Islamisation of society' b'US rejects landmine ban treaty supported by more than 150 countries. The state department explained the decision on Tuesday, saying a policy review had found the US could not meet its national defence needs without landmines.' The 00's A Decade from Hell b'The Roman Catholic order of Christian Brothers, once the largest provider of residential care for boys in Ireland, has offered a payout of 161 million euros ($240 million) in compensation, drawing harsh criticism from a group called the Irish Survivors of Child Abuse.' Dealing with [the Americans] corporately is akin to dealing with a group of Martians. If it isn't on the PowerPoint slide, it doesn't happen.  b'The body of a United Nations worker, who had been missing for 24 years, has been found in eastern Lebanon' b'He thought of New Jersey as a kind of paradise. To him, he had to suffer on this world in order to go to paradise  in order to drink wine and have sex with at least 72 virgins and then others if he wanted to He hated me and was jealous of me because I had been to New Jersey.' Bankrupt? Dubai's main investment fund seeks debt payment delay Berlusconi is named `Rockstar of the Year' by Rolling Stone magazine b'Vibrational Medicine Scientists Kill Viruses by Blasting them with Resonant Frequencies' b'Despite sporadic contacts between alQaeda members and Iraq in the 1990s, there was no serious collaboration. The 9/11 attacks actually drove Iraq and alQaeda further apart' Iraq inquiry British officials heard 'drum beats' of war from US before 9/11 b'Venezuela Chavez calls for new international organisation of left parties' b'Switzerland to vote this weekend on banning minarets from the country.' b'Rupert Murdoch, we will truly miss your tabloids with all the hoaxes you pissusless boggar' b'Randi possibly wrong about the Belgian thought to be in a coma.  (Click Listen to the Story)' Economics of China's secret jails exposed b'Carte blanche to the Olive grove destroyers!..Israeli human rights organisation Yesh Din reports that there have been no indictments on all 69 complaints it lodged on attacks that destroyed thousands of trees.' b'Philippine local Police Chief detained after massacre. The killings represent the worst single incident of electionrelated violence in the nations history. ' b'The government has declared war on thousands of thirsty, marauding camels threatening residents and destroying water mains in Central Australia.' Nepal earthquake Over 1800 people killed, 4700 injured, next 72 hours crucial Japan plans to land rover on moon in 2018 The City of Vancouver now has 80 cannabis dispensaries, with no plans to shut them down. Rather the city plans to further regulate the businesses in absence of a transparent federal regulatory framework. Nepal earthquake Death toll passes 1,000 Climbers trapped on Mount Everest are getting desperate Thousands Gather in Istanbul to Demand Turkey Recognize Armenian Mass Killings as Genocide Nepal Earthquake Discussion Thread Christian Iranian Armenians rally in Tehran to commemorate the 100th Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide 'Privacy isn't dead' Snowdens South American legacy grows as Brazils crypto movement marches on Crisis, what crisis? Britain's richest double their wealth in 10 years Sabeen Mahmud, the woman behind Pakistan's first hackathon, shot dead in her car Lord Janner's child sex abuse police cover up revealed in new evidence Putin accuses US of having had direct contacts with North Caucasus militants in early 2000's. German spy chief faces calls to resign following NSA revelations | German politicians have expressed outrage following reports that the German Intelligence Service helped the NSA in spying in Europe. The opposition wants the organization's chief Gerhard Schindler to resign. Boko Haram seize Lake Chad island in Niger, many soldiers killed Iranian ambassador to Australia says Australian jihadis in Iraq will 'get what they deserve' More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders have stood together on the shores of the Gallipoli peninsula at a formal ceremony to honour the Anzac troops who fought and fell in Turkey a century ago. Indigenous People Occupy Brazil's Legislature, Protesting Bill's Violation of Land Rights. Russia just unveiled its new Armata battle tank Law chief who decided not to prosecute Labour peer Lord Janner over alleged child sex abuse was at the same legal chambers as him Turkeys Erdogan slams nations recognizing Armenian genocide Boko Haram changes name to Islamic State in West Africa EUUS trade deal to undermine education as public good Russian special services recorded contacts between Caucasian militants and reps of U.S. special services in Azerbaijan Russian hackers reportedly obtained Obama's emails At least 3,218 people are now known to have died in a massive earthquake which hit Nepal on Saturday Scientists are turning salt water into drinking water using solar power China is building a Great Wall of Trees to fight climate change and the encroaching Gobi Desert  Reforestation efforts in China have helped offset about 85% of the loss in aboveground biomass carbon lost to tropical deforestation since 2003 On the heels of the Nepal earthquakes, New Land is rising out of the sea in Hokkaido Japan  Rose 50 feet (over 1,000 feet long) overnight Humanity won't survive another 1,000 years unless it escapes Earth, physicist Stephen Hawking warns Iranian general 'The house of Saud will be toppled' Islamic State chief Abu Bakr alBaghdadi has died, claims Radio Iran Iranian leader US 'oppresses' its black population Khamenei tells police in Tehran that American law enforcement uses cruel might to suppress minorities Recession rich Britain's wealthiest double net worth since crisis F35 Engines From United Technologies Called Unreliable Largescale Egyptian army massed for operation to capture eastern Libya from ISIS First HIV home test kit goes on sale in UK. People can see results in 15 min Cuba to Export Cancer Vaccine to US, New York Governor Confirms Jimmy Carter to arrive in Gaza on Thursday, Will Meet with Hamas Officials Malaysian police have arrested 12 people linked to the militant group Islamic State and seized explosives, foiling a plan to attack several locations in and around the capital, which is hosting the ASEAN summit Mass poisoning in Egypt sends 761 to the hospital. Israel to airlift 25 babies born to surrogates out of Nepal Five billion people 'have no access to safe surgery' Nepal earthquake death toll tops 4,000 South Korea's Park accepts PM's resignation in illegal funds scandal Massive protests in Guatemala City demand president, vice president resign over corruption scandal Terrifying Video Captures the Moment an Avalanche Wiped Out the Mt. Everest Base Camp Erdoan engages in war of words with new Turkish Cypriot leader  We paid a price for northern Cyprus. We gave martyrs and we continue to pay a price, for Turkey, northern Cyprus is our baby. Over 1300 Indians rescued so far; Fresh tremor of 5.4 magnitude in Kathmandu Guantanamo exinmates demand housing, payment from US Ireland set to examine possibility of decriminalizing cannabis No swooshing ISIS reportedly bans Nike because it sounds like sex in Arabic An international team of scientists has sequenced the complete genome of the woolly mammoth. Now, with the publication is the complete genome, it could be a step closer to resurrecting the animal. Cuba has had a lung cancer vaccine for years. With a thaw in relations between the US and Cuba, CimaVax and other breakthrough drugs developed in Cuba may soon be available to Americans. Major Greek bank, Bank of Piraeus, to wipe debts of poorest clients An Islamic college in Australia is under investigation after claims that its principal has banned girls from taking part in running competitions because they might lose their virginity. German President called the Ottoman Turks massacre of Armenians 'genocide' Solar Costing a Third of Retail Power Emerges in Germany. Germanys cost of producing solar energy has shrunk to about a third of the price households pay for power after the nation made developers compete for subsidies. Mass strip search of U.S. students by Canadian guards broke policy, documents show Russian president Putin calls 1915 Armenian killings genocide Switzerland is 'world's happiest' country in new poll; Iceland, Denmark, Norway and Canada round out top 5. Muslim chooses to die alongside Christians Indian upper house unanimously passes bill to protect rights of transgenders Missing MH370 'found' with wreckage in the ocean thought to be from plane; but expert wants 1.3 Million to Take it Out 70 years later, a Korean comfort woman demands apology from Japan Adam Gadahn, American mouthpiece for al Qaeda, killed Poland Will Not Allow Russian Bikers to Enter Country The Polish Foreign Ministry said Friday that it will not allow a Russian nationalistic motorcycle group loyal to President Vladimir Putin to enter Poland, in part because Polish authorities would not be able to guarantee their security. Iran transferring large amounts of cash to Hamas military wing Rocket hits southern Israel The EU is considering the creation of a new regulator with the explicit remit to oversee internet firms such as Google and Facebook, according to a leaked document. A lack of action, it warns, may lead to a point of no return, where the economy becomes irrevocably tied to a few major companies. Northern Ireland's Health Minister says children raised by gay parents are 'far more likely' to be abused Montreal woman found guilty of criminal harassment after posting antipolice graffiti on Instagram Erdogan Turkey's Ancestors Never Committed Genocide Hundreds of McDonald's fastfood restaurants in China, Japan, and across Europe are set to close after sales slump Eighty percent of Venezuelans unable to fully afford basic food items due to high infaltion An archaeologist has discovered liquid mercury at the end of a tunnel beneath a Mexican pyramid, a finding that could suggest the existence of a kings tomb or a ritual chamber far below one of the most ancient cities of the Americas. Big Bank 'Crime of the Century' Results in Guess What? No Jail Time for Anyone Despite severity of offenses, 'the government concluded that these crimes should be punished only through a financial penalty,' says Public Citizen Massive 7.4 Magnitude Earthquake in Nepal, Tremors Felt Across Northern India ISIS 'posing as gay men' to set honeytrap, then stone their victims to death Armenian massacre remembrance sparks rift between Turkey and Europe The World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA) announced it has lost patience with Japans continued use of dolphins from the fisheries drives at Taiji, Wakayama Prefecture, and suspended its Japanese member from its roster. A US activist group that has received funding from energy companies and the foundation controlled by conservative activist Charles Koch is trying to persuade the Vatican that there is no global warming crisis ahead of an environmental statement by Pope Francis Woman who hit Venezuelan president with mango rewarded with house Avalanche triggered by Nepal earthquake on Mount Everest has killed 8 people State of Emergency Declared as Third Eruption from Chile's Calbuco Volcano Blankets Area in More Ash Russia knows genocide well, Turkey fires back Angelina Jolie slams UN paralysis on Syrian refugees. Syrian ambassador replies 'She's beautiful' One of Greece's largest banks says it will wipe away the debts of clients who owe up to 20,000 euros ($21,600) German Parliament Votes to Recognize Armenian Genocide Free Speech activist, Sabeen Mahmud, shot dead in Pakistan after conducting a controversial seminar regarding intelligence agency's misdoings within the country German Intelligence Agency BND Under Fire for NSA Cooperation Canadian student activist convicted of harassment for posting to Instagram a photo of graffiti she didn't even paint. Drone dumps traceble amounts of radiation on to Japanese PM office. This is after government gives ok to reopen nuclear power plants Wales to become first British country to have opt out for organ donation A man in Obama, Fukui Prefecture,(Japan) turned himself in and was arrested Saturday on suspicion of having flown a drone that was found on the roof of the Prime Ministers Office I flew the drone to the Prime Ministers Office to protest nuclear power generation. Indonesia Announces the Two Australian Bali Nine Ringleaders to be Executed in 72 hours Russias Foremost Environmental Activist, in Exile Oil Is At Fault For Everything. Night train kills 14 migrants 'sleeping' on Macedonia tracks Fleet of Iranian ships heading to Yemen turns around after being tracked by US warships Renewable energy officially just overtook fossil fuels  According to a report presented in New York last week, we're now adding more capacity for renewable energy each year than coal, natural gas and oil combined Austria Recognizes Armenian Genocide Man forms tiny European nation, 160,000 sign up to become citizens Russia to close 40% of universities by the end of 2016 President Barack Obama will not use the word genocide to describe the massacre of up to 1.5 million Armenians in his annual statement commemorating the historic atrocity International Poll Shows Millennials Have Positive Opinion of Snowden | ACLU released the results of a poll showing that majorities of millennials familiar with Snowden have an overwhelmingly positive opinion of him and believe that his disclosures will lead to greater privacy protections Russia IS group is 'Russia's greatest enemy', not U.S. Czech President Russia is unlikely to launch a military thrust against the Baltics because President Vladimir Putin is not suicidal 60 girls commit suicide every month after being sexually abused by IS jihadists ExNazi 'bookkeeper of Auschwitz' asks for 'forgiveness'  93yo Former SS on trial for 300,000 counts of accessory to murder Leading scientists say 75% of known fossil fuels must stay underground. Staff at Windsor Castle go on strike for first time in 900 years TTIP leak EU member state legislative initiatives will have to be vetted for potential impacts on private business interests France police foil 'church attack plot' Mass surveillance practices endanger fundamental human rights and divert resources that might prevent terrorist attacks  Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe HSBC Warns Clients of Fossil Fuel Investment Risks. Analysts warn of the growing likelihood that fossil fuel companies may become economically nonviable, as people move away from carbon energy and fossil fuels are left in the ground. Macedonia said on Tuesday 40 armed men in camouflage uniforms and speaking Albanian had crossed from neighboring Kosovo and taken several police officers hostage overnight, calling for the creation of an Albanian state Denmark bans bestiality in move against animal sex tourism China Plans to Build a Modern Version of the Silk Road and Transform Global Trade Routes through Pakistan and Beyond Right to privacy 'could be meaningless in 10 years under Tory and Labour plans' | Campaigners say both parties manifestos would extend powers of security agencies with pledges that are totally out of step with public opinion Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev gave the first official Russian estimate of the cost Western sanctions will exact on Russia's economy in 2015$106 billion Fascist Erdoan said a lawyer and sent to jail for insulting him. Over the past 450 million years, life on Earth has been devastated by five mass extinction events that are widely recognised by geologists. Now, an international team of researchers proposes adding a sixth mass extinction to the list NZ Prime Minister apologizes for repeatedly pulling waitress' ponytail Former CIA contractor speaks out about interrogation techniques Oneman home trader 'helped to trigger 500BILLION stock market crash from this Hounslow semi' London man held for causing 'Wall Street chaos' Worlds most powerful telescope set to launch in 2018  NASA is building the biggest telescope the world has ever seen, and it will give scientists the opportunity to 'see' cosmic events that occurred 13.5 billion years ago  just 220 million years following the Big Bang Chinese scientists just admitted to tweaking the genes of human embryos for the first time in history EU leaders to declare 'We cannot take more migrants' Saudi Arabia has beheaded a second Indonesian maid this week despite protests from the Indonesian Government, which is itself facing fierce criticism for its failure to heed calls for clemency for a number of foreigners on death row ProRussian rebels have shelled Ukrainian army positions east of the key city of Mariupol in breach of a ceasefire deal, the BBC has witnessed. Bees may become addicted to nicotinelike pesticides, study finds. Bees have a preference for sugar solutions laced with the pesticides, scientists say, as a separate landmark field trial show neonicotinoids harm bee population. Australia pays $4 million for Bjrn Lomborgs flawed methods that downgrade climate change. Climate change contrarian Bjrn Lomborgs think tank methods have no academic credibility says leading climate economist AdBlock Plus defeats German publishers in court Putin and Austria name 1915 killings genocide Revealed child sex abuse gang 'with tentacles that go round the world' | UK news Sony executives were concerned about a news report that showed one of its cameras being used to guide Israeli rockets bombing Gaza, company correspondence shows. Red alert issued as Chile volcano erupts Deutsche Bank to Pay $2.5 Billion Fine to Settle RateRigging Case The record fine will be paid to U.S. and British authorities to settle accusations that the bank helped manipulate the benchmarks used to set interest rates on trillions of dollars in mortgages and other debt. Chinese experts say North Koreas nuclear arsenal is bigger than anyone thought U.S. Operations Killed Two Hostages Held By AlQaida, Including American  The TwoWay  NPR Nigerian forces invade last known stronghold of Boko Haram | Nigerian forces backed by warplanes invaded Islamist group Boko Haram's last known stronghold, the Sambisa forest, on Wednesday, in an effort to finally defeat their sixyearold insurgency, two military sources said. ISIS replace injured caliph position with a former physics teacher who is said to be currently ruling over the group. Pagan church  now legally recognised in Northern Ireland  is branching out 'We will destroy ISIS' Iranian militia vows to fight terror group European Parliament study EU should finance key open source tools Most migrants crossing Mediterranean will be sent back, EU leaders to agree Chinese nuclear experts have warned that North Korea may already have 20 nuclear warheads and the capability to produce enough weaponsgrade uranium to double its arsenal by next year Parents of UK's youngest organ donor hope others will be inspired | He died within two hours of being born, but his kidneys were used to save the life of an adult patient with renal failure. Saudi Arabia Bombs Yemen Hours After Declaring Campaigns End A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key after a waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an Auckland cafe ISIS, Taliban announced Jihad against each other  Khaama Press (KP) Mexican Police Capture Leader of Jurez Cartel Canadian insurer Grey Power denies flooded home claim for senior who was away for cancer treatment due to 'leaving the home unattended for more than 4 days' Germany plans for the first time to officially recognize the killing of hundreds of thousands of Armenians by the Turkish regime 100 years ago as genocide. Bell faces $750million lawsuit over tracking of customers cellphone Internet usage UN Slaughter of 1.5 million Armenians is not genocide Pesticide the likely cause of Nigeria 'mystery disease' Syrian Government''We are ready to discuss Autonomy for the Syrian Kurds and Syrian Kurdistan.'' Prominent Russian Environmental Activist Flees to EstoniaAbove all I decided to take my main weak spot  my children  out of Russia, Chirikova was quoted ....Russia is a country of resources, and environmentalists are the main enemy of the established regime of the natural resources oligarchy. Norway asks Moscow to explain visit from banned minister. Dmitry Rogozin posted pictures of himself on Svalbard island, despite being on list of people banned after Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine. Bitter and unemployed officer under Saddam Hussein drew up Islamic State master plan Fury in Russia as Israel declines to send highlevel official to WWII commemoration. Responses in Moscow have suggested that the decision was a reaction to Russia's sale of S300 missile defense systems to Iran. Ukraine to rewrite Soviet history with controversial 'decommunisation' laws The laws ban Nazi and Communist symbols and the public denial of the criminal nature of the Communist totalitarian regime 19171991; replace the Soviet term great patriotic war with the European second world war ... M 6.8 Earthquake, 71km E of Hualian, Taiwan Al Jazeera suspended for 5 days by India's Broadcast Ministry for not showing all of Kashmir as part of Indian territory Novelist Haruki Murakami Japan must apologize for WWII until it is forgiven 14yearold boy from UK arrested over terror plot in Australia. Millionaire businessman wins Finland election Iran says won't accept forced deportees from Australia Tsunami warning after 6.6 magnitude quake in Japan Report highranking Hamas official arrested in Saudi Arabia | Terror organizations treasurer abroad accused by authorities of money laundering, smuggling Oil companies' sponsorship of the arts 'is cynical PR strategy' | Campaigner says attempts by oil companies such as BP and Shell to artwash their image are done simply to gain prestige and nullify local protests Syrian President Bashar Al Assad'' Our Intelligence Service and The French Intelligence Service are in direct contact with each other'' Big tobacco quietly battling religious opposition to smoking in key Muslim markets Canadian study Thousands of dead fish have been rotting for a week in the 2016 Olympics' host's Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon, where rowing and kayaking events will take place. Astronomers have discovered what they say is the largest known structure in the universe an incredibly big hole. The supervoid, as it is known, is a spherical blob 1.8 billion light years across that is distinguished by its unusual emptiness. North Korean defector says 'The Interview' could push North Korean citizens to revolt Australian Universities are pressuring academics to pass international students despite poor English and plagiarism. Outage hits pumps at Fukushima plant; toxic water leaks into ocean China Adds Solar Power the Size of France in First Quarter Chinas solar installations in the first quarter were almost equal to Frances entire supply of power from the sun. China connected 5.04 gigawatts of solar capacity Newly Leaked TTIP Draft Reveals FarReaching Assault on US/EU DemocracyMammoth deal an even greater boon to corporate power than previously known, warn analysts. Japan's maglev train breaks world speed record with 600km/h test run | World news Frances National Assembly shows support for legalization of Edward Snowdenstyle whistleblowing Mexican cartel hitwoman 'La Flaca' found dismembered, stuffed in cooler Russian Trade With the World Falls 30% as Economic Crisis Deepens France Won't Back Down After Vatican Rejects Its Gay Ambassador Former Egyptian President Morsi Sentenced to 20 Years in Prison Saudi king issues a royal decree stating that the Saudi National Guard will participate in ground operations in Yemen Prime Minister Netanyahu refuses to meet Jimmy Carter over his 'anti Israel stance' The Pentagon has confirmed today that the carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and the cruiser USS Normandy have moved into the Arabian Sea because of the deteriorating security situation in Yemen Israeli bulldozers demolished homes in the Bedouin village of alAraqib village in the Negev for the 83rd time on Monday Germany defies Turkey, calls Armenian massacre 'genocide' Germany abruptly shifted its policy Monday from a steadfast refusal to use the term genocide to describe the massacre of up to 1.5 million Armenians by Ottoman Turkish forces 100 years ago Japanese magnetic levitation train has broken its own world speed record, hitting 603km/h (374mph) in a test run near Mount Fuji. Five men have been sentenced to prison in Norway for organising an illegal wolf hunt, in the country's first prosecution of such a case. Egyptian naval forces have reportedly opened fire on Palestinian fishing boats off the coast of the Gaza Strip Chevron's Contamination in Ecuador Just Scratches the Surface, a New Report Finds Iranian authorities are charging The Washington Posts Tehran bureau chief, Jason Rezaian, with espionage and three other serious crimes, including collaborating with hostile governments and propaganda against the establishment Rail gun tipped to alter Taiwans defense abilities against China India says it seized heroin believed to be worth nearly $100 million from boat China just let part of a stateowned company default for the first time ever Russia cuts nuclear arms stockpiles to minimal levels fulfilling all points of the Treaty on the NonProliferation of Nuclear Weapons... making a considerable contribution to the process of comprehensive and complete disarmament. Jamaica Just Planted Its First Legal Marijuana Plant Vatican climate change summit to highlight moral duty for action. Francis has already said that he believes global warming is mostly manmade and that a Christian who does not protect Gods creation is a Christian who does not care about the work of God. Kurds are openly recruiting U.S. exmilitary to fight ISIS Thai customs seize 511 pieces of elephant ivory  The Threetonne haul, marked as tea leaves from Kenya, is the second massive seizure in less than a week of elephant tusks from Africa bound for Laos. City of Kathmandu shifted 10 feet by earthquake A fascinating new simulation finds that selfdriving cars will transform cities 90 percent of cars will be eliminated, acres of land will open up, and commute times will drop 10 percent. HIV selftesting kit goes on sale in UK  BioSure is first legally approved selftesting kit, with 99.7% accuracy rate. Salman Rushdie chastises authors protesting Charlie Hebdo tribute. It has everything to do with the battle against fanatical Islam, which is highly organized, wellfunded, and which seeks to terrify us all, Muslims as well as nonMuslims, into a cowed silence. UN Israeli military killed 44 Palestinians at UN shelters By 2020, South Koreans will have a better standard of living than the French Iran leads calls for Israel to give up nuclear weapons Australian reporter fired after tweeting that soldiers raped and pillaged during storied Gallipoli campaign When the Netherlands legalized samesex marriage the divorce rate went down Earthquake slid India up to 10 feet northwards in matter of seconds, says US scientist Nine await mass execution in Indonesia  Security at the prison was heightened and religious counselors, doctors and the firing squad were alerted to start final preparations for the execution of the four Nigerians, two Australians, an Indonesian, a Brazilian and a Filipina. Humpback whale population grows, animals proposed to be removed from Endangered Species Act The number of women in England and Wales becoming nuns hits 25year high ISIS leader Baghdadi is reportedly 'unable to move' after a spinal injury Nepal Earthquake Death Toll Hits 5,000 as Aid Starts Flowing In Former chief of France's farright Front National, JeanMarie Le Pen, hid 2.2 mn euros in Swiss account Le Pen kept a hidden account at HSBC, as well as the (private Swiss) CBH bank through a trust placed under the legal responsibility of his butler, Gerald Gerin, the investigative website said. Libya 6 beheaded TV crew members' bodies found near Bayda PSA Pentagon confirms the vessel detained by Iran was flagged to the Marshall Islands and that no Americans were on board. 3,512 killed in Saudi offensive Yemen NGO Former Romania president admits allowing CIA site We've Just Rescued Over 200 Girls In A Daring Attack On Boko Haram Hideout In Sambisa Nigerian Army Unmanned Russian spacecraft plunging to Earth It has started descending. It has nowhere else to go... It is clear that absolutely uncontrollable reactions have begun. S. Korea spy agency says Kim JongUn executed 15 top officials Isis Beheaded, Stoned and Shot 1,362 Civilians, including 9 Children in Syria since June 2014 Report German government lied to parliament over NSA economic espionage Hungary PM bring back death penalty and build work camps for immigrants. Rightwing nationalist Viktor Orbn threatens to defy EU law and launches antiimmigration manifesto calling for internment camps for illegal immigrants Russian officials have cancelled the registration of the political party led by Alexei Navalny, the anticorruption activist who is one of President Vladimir Putin's most adamant critics Suicide is leading cause of death among South Korean teens, says report French Muslim girl banned from class for wearing long skirt European Court of Justice Ban on Gay men giving blood may be justified Indonesia executes 8 drug convicts; Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso of the Philippines was spared New Saudi King Sacks Younger Brother In Major Royal Shake Up CongoBrazzaville president burns five tonnes of ivory in fight against poachers. Poachers in Africa are using cyanide, nightvision goggles and AK47 rifles to keep up with demand in Thailand and China, where one elephants ivory can fetch $18,000. About 20,000 elephants were killed in 2013 Forest fire breaks out near Chernobyl nuclear plant  BBC News Ukraines Security Service Takes Down 30,000 Websites to Fight ProRussian Propaganda  Global Voices ISIS pushes west There are increased signs that the selfproclaimed Islamic State has sets its sights on expanding its caliphate to Tunisia next. Maus Book About Holocaust Is Removed in Russiawith concern over the dangers of fascism in Russia on the rise, the booksellers appeared to decide it was better to be safe than sorry. Saudi king replaces crown prince in cabinet reshuffle Latvian PM If Russia attacks NATO, the treaty will be enforced Australia to withdraw ambassador to Indonesia over executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran China awards model workers, urges stronger labor unions Russian Cargo Ship Spinning Out of Control in Orbit [Video]  The Russian space agency Roscosmos is scrambling to regain control of a robotic Progress 59 cargo ship that appears to have suffered a serious malfunction shortly after launching into orbit early today Saudi Arabia foils U.S. Embassy attack, arrests 93 suspects Scottish National Party (SNP) set to win all Scots seats at general election Russia Invites China to Join in Creating Lunar Station The question is being discussed with Roscosmos on bringing China in as the main partner in creating a lunar scientific station. We have told China of our plans on the possibility of creating a Russian national orbital station,  Rogozin Argentina Judge orders all ISPs to block the sites LeakyMails.com and Leakymails.blogspot.com  which publish relevant documents exposing corruption of the political class and the powerful in Argentina The Dutch government has released 100 million euros in frozen assets from Moammar Gadhafi's regime to the World Health Organization. The funds will buy medical supplies for victims of the ongoing conflict in Libya. 'They Were Truly Idiots'  Mikhail Gorbachev, 80, discusses the last days of the Soviet Union, his failure to resolve problems with the Communist Party and the ensuing bloodshed he says still troubles him today. He also accuses Vladimir Putin of pulling the country back into the past. Catholic student arrested in Madrid (Spain) while planning sarin gas attack against a secular demonstration during World Youth Day England Four years' jail for inciting disorder on Facebook Photo of bagcarrying ambassador charms China  we don't do things for ourselves Legalising drugs a solution to the violence in Mexico? Syria is having embassy staffers photograph and track antiregime protesters abroad, send the info back to Syria, and then torturing protesters' families still living within the country [article also in comments] Dag Hammarskjld evidence suggests UN chief's plane was shot down Hamas rulers ban students with scholarships to study in the US from leaving Gaza Phone hacking James Murdoch admitted that News International paid hush money to a phone hacking victim, despite telling MPs that they didn't try to buy his silence
 Archbishop Desmond Tutu calls for Wealth Tax to be imposed on white South Africans. For Two Nights in a Row, Luxury Cars in Berlin Are Lit on Fire Nearly five years since the Mexico's president Calderon declared war on drug cartels, there has been no drop in violence or trafficking Britain Will Force Convicted Rioters to Clean Up The explosive truth behind Fukushima's meltdown. Japan insists its nuclear crisis was caused by an unforeseeable combination of tsunami and earthquake. But new evidence suggests its reactors were doomed to fail. Spanish police prevent terrorist attack fundamentalist arrested for plotting chemical attack against those protesting the cost of the Pope's visit. Russia showed off its next generation stealth fighter for the first time at a highlypublicized air show today [16 August 2011], as the best and most expensive stealth fighter jets America has to offer sit idle on the tarmac. The riots in Britain were political  and they are part of a wider global anger at governments that commit daylight robbery The Catholic archdiocese of Dublin is close to a state of financial collapse, according to leaks Israel protests have wide support Benjamin Netanyahu could be in trouble. Poaching Threatens Swedish Wolves  Extinct by the 1970s, the population has since reestablished itself after a few migratory Finnish wolves appeared.  Today, all 250 Swedish wolves have descended from these few founding individuals.
 UK Teenager given 120 hours' community service, a 12month youth rehabilitation order and a 3 month 6am  7pm curfew for supporting the riots. As New Zealand braces itself for a 3 strikesstyle scheme law, TelstraClear CEO Allan Freeth says  punishing consumers isnt the answer and that business models requiring new legislation in order to function are flawed and need to be changed Reporters Without Borders condemn decision by Egypt's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to prosecute a blogger, Asmaa Mahfouz, over several messages criticizing the council that she posted on Facebook and Twitter