 b'The idea that an oil company was participating in the drafting of the Iraqi Constitution leaves me speechless' The Mexican Civil War broke out three years ago. Total dead are now around 14,000 and the government might be on the verge of collapse. This isn't in some alternate Universe. This is really happening. b'Huge rise in birth defects in Falluja' b'The gang hurled racist abuse at him, constantly referring to the colour of his skin, yet police refused to classify the attack as raciallymotivated  Teen savagely beaten by a gang of 15 youths.n' 'I agreed to become a suicide bomber'  14 year old boy | BBC NEWS b'Exsoldier faces jail for handing in gun' Switzerland's federal data protection commissioner wants Google to ensure that all faces and car plates are blurred, remove pictures of enclosed areas such as walled gardens and private streets, and declare at least one week in advance which town and cities it plans to photograph and post online. b'Sell drugs in shops  UK think tank' b'Researchers find 2 Japanese supersubmarines, designed to launch two foldingwing bombers on kamikaze missions against U.S. cities, sunk by U.S. at end of World War II' Israel 'personally attacking human rights group' after Gaza war criticism b'In 1982, a Pakistani military C130 left the western Chinese city of Urumqi with a highly unusual cargo enough weaponsgrade uranium for two atomic bombs...' b'Saudis bombard Yemeni rebels, now Some 240 villages in Saudi Arabia have been evacuated and scores of schools closed due to fighting which has now spilled over from Yemen' b'Costa Rica may be the first country to go entirely carbon neutral' The Nation American People's Money being used to Sponsor Taliban  12 Nov, 09 b'Since the Honduran coup detat systematic human rights violations have occurred. At least three people have vanished, nearly 10 have been extrajudicially executed, and hundreds of people have been detained. ' Suicide bombers have struck at two headquarters run by Pakistan's security forces, killing at least 17 people b'How the US army protects its trucks  by paying the Taliban' b'Afghanistan Ambassador warns Obama against adding troops. It is about time as Obama asks for new options!' b'Israeli road restrictions in the West Bank ' b'Drug Trafficker and Mexicos most wanted man, Joaquin El Chapo Guzman, has made the list of Forbes Most Powerful People' Prison officer jailed for having inmate's baby b'Canadian Soldiers out of Kandahar by 2011 defence chief' b'Nytimes tells Germany to get bent In the spirit of this discussion, I trust that you will not mention my clients names in your article' b'Suspected Hemorrhagic Pneumonia Outbreak Hits Ukraine' China's ghost city and ghost mall  who you gonna  call? b'Obama has authorized more predator drone strikes in Pakistan in 10 months than George W. Bush authorized in three years, killing over 500 people.' Italian court finds 23 CIA operatives guilty in absentia for the abduction of a Muslim cleric. The trial was the first by any government over the Central Intelligence Agency's extraordinary rendition program.  b'Duke Professor Finishes Yale's Job, Prints Mohammed Images in New Book  Muhammad The 'Banned' Images' Girls shouldn't expect to 'have it all' says school head Incredible. Right now, even Liberia's national parliament doesn't have a full copy of the law. Why not? Because the few volumes that do exist have been quietly copyrighted  and subsequently held ransom  by Philip Banks, the man in charge of Liberia's legal reform. 'Blown for Good Behind the Iron Curtain of Scientology'  wiki interviews author who escaped Scientology and is now suing the church. b'Nurse who was sacked for filming abuse of elderly patients gets her job back.' b'So I was watching CNBC the other day (am I the only one?) and my head imploded when this segment came on...' The official explained to Netanyahu that if there was  a peace, investment would push Israel's growth  rate from 5% a year to 7%. The Israeli PM  responded that if the country had 5% growth, it did  not need peace. b'On communist rebels in India You have an army of very poor people being faced down by an army of rich that are corporatebacked. I am sorry but it is like that.' b'A Spanish region's new approach to sex education has provoked anger by suggesting children be taught selfexploration and selfpleasure.' b'In Minas Gerais state in Brazil nearly 30% of the married women admitted to having an extra relationship. Now Brazilian police are hunting for a mysterious blogger who claims to be waging a lone crusade against unfaithful wives.' b'China accused of Abuses in Secret Jails. The jails were secret because officials in China are subject to a national civil service system that penalizes them based on the number of complaints received in Beijing about them.' b'Boy wins compensation for attack by another threeyearold with a car jack My son was hit 11 times on his head and face with a car jack, his attacker kept on lashing out even though Jay was screaming out in pain and covered in blood.' b'Venice may be brimming with Renaissance treasures, churches and palaces, but it has staged a funeral to mourn the decline of its most precious resource  people' b'Fascism for progressives BNP leaders vote overwhelmingly to change the party's constitution so nonwhite members can join.' b'The newspaper said the civilians claimed British soldiers in Iraq copied sexual and physical abuse from photographs taken at the notorious USrun Abu Ghraib jail in Baghdad, which emerged in 2004.' b'Note to self Never, ever take dietary advice from Hugo Chavez' b'Venezuela Government Turns Tear Gas on Mayor Over Land Conflict' b'Amazing 300,000 Starling Birds Cloud Video  EzineAll.com' b'Brothers in arms  The Juniper Cobra missile defense exercise between Israel and the US came to an end this week, culminating in the mostly ceremonial firing of several Patriot missiles into the Mediterranean.' b'Pakistan military runs terrorist training camps, says French judge' b'Swine Flu Count 4,000 Dead, 22 Million Ill' Iceland's National Assembly is a unique attempt to capture the wisdom of the crowd. This is probably the first time that a statistically representative sample of a whole nation is brought together for a whole day of discussions. The results are in and will be available on the web. b'The poorest region in Spain is paying for a campaign to promote onanism [real story]' b'Whistleblower cop is YouTube sensation  A Russian police officer has released a series of videos calling out corruption' b'The officer reportedly mistook a pipe the boy was carrying for a gun and shot him dead. The boy was 3 years old.' Its amazing how far we've come France and  Germany hold joint Armistice Day commemoration  for the first time in history b'Man renting himself out as a punchbag for stressed women' b'Food Is Monsanto the answer or the problem? Great title, crappy article. The grand praise and fluff criticism of Monsanto in this article is a prime example of  journalism in the interest of business. the article smacks of sterilization.' b'The DNA of innocent people arrested in England and Wales should be held for no longer than six years' b'Gorbachev Says Obama Should Start Afghan Withdrawal ' German thug stabs and kills pregnant muslim woman in a courtroom.  Bailiff shoots woman's muslim husband, assuming that he is the attacker. b'Top Blackwater staff authorized attempted bribes of Iraqi officials in the wake of the 2007 Nisour Square massacre.' b'Ukraine epidemic kills 189;  1,122,000 infected, and 57,286 hospitalized.' b'U.S. Intelligence Iran Possesses Trillions Of Potentially Dangerous Atoms' Hollywood's attempt to force DRM measures on BBC's HDTV broadcasts fails after intense public pressure b'Itaip dam fails and puts Brazil under massive blackout. So Paulo and Rio with no electricity for more than 3 hours.' b'Blackwater Said to Approve $1 Million in Iraqi Bribes After Shootings ' b'President of Eritrea in a rare interview Why would you want to have allies? It's a sign of weakness.' b'Investigative journalist Seymour Hersh says the US has a rapidresponse unit ready to secure Pakistan's nuclear weapons in the event of a mutiny or any nuclear incident' b'You can keep on putting troops in, and you could have 200,000 troops there and the country will swallow them up as it has done in the past. There are many empires who tried to make Afghanistan a stable and different country ...n Obama National Security Adviser James Jones' b'Russia, India, China to Forge Common Approach to Global Issues' Brazil's 2 largest cities hit by blackouts b'Chinese scientists have artificially induced the second major snowstorm to wreak havoc in Beijing this season, state media said, reigniting debate over the practice of tinkering with Mother Nature.' b'What Goldstone says about the US' b'They will not require the permission of a judge or a magistrate to obtain the information. Britons Big Brother is watching.' b'Abu Abbas prepares to exit office in frustration, having achieved little as a partner for peace. Tragic. ' b'Blackwater may have tried to bribe their way out of the Nisour Square killings in order to remain in Iraq.' b'When it comes to scary, lifethreatening situations, being stranded on a sheet of Arctic ice that has snapped off and is drifting out to sea in the dark is one thing. Knowing there are three hungry polar bears stalking you is another.' b'Christian janitor rises above the barriers of caste, creed and sectarian terrorism and gives his life to save Muslim university students in Pakistan.' WHAT?!  Afghanistan is so rife with corruption that the US is basically funding the very people they're fighting!  We're talking obscene amounts of money! b'A 575page blistering report by Justice Richard Goldstone detailing war crimes in Gaza last December is refusing to die despite an aggressive Israeli smear campaign to kill it. The report...received overwhelming support Thursday in the 192member General Assembly.' b'An Australian Special Forces explosives detection dog has been found alive and well almost 14 months after going missing in action (MIA) in Afghanistan.' b'As the US caves in to Israeli demands on settlements and breaks the promises given in Cairo, the Economist wonders, is Israeli political jewjitsu just too strong for Obama? ' b'UN Official Penalize Israel Over Gaza ' b'A prominent Chinese dissident says he has been stuck in limbo at Tokyo airport for nine days because China refuses to let him return home.' Security firm Blackwater 'paid off Iraqi officials after civilian deaths'  b'Dublin, Ireland brought to standstill. 70,000 blast government for targeting ordinary people for the rich' b'...the rational solution is to take the drug market back from the unregulated anarchy of criminal gangs, and transfer it to pharmacists, offlicences, and doctors who operate in the legal economy.' b'US Military use of torture and terror 1900  Present' b'Roberts propositioned the girl, unaware he was chatting to his wife, the court was told. ' Human Rights Watch China's Secret Black Jails  Hide Severe Rights Abuses b'Medvedev calls for economic reform  standing a bit further from Putin' b'Swine flu deaths in Europe doubling by the week' b'Apartheid in Israel 21yearold Palestinian female student in Bethlehem University was deported two weeks ago to Gaza. ' b'The Plunder of Iraq's Oil. As the direct result of the Iraq war, major American and other transnational energy conglomerates are now gaining control over some the largest oilfields in the world.' b'UK Gang beats up Leicester student who came to  aid of girl wearing headscarf' b'Tuna in peril as catches reach triple the limit ' b'A campaign in Extremadura (Spain) The pleasure is in your hands is said to consist of masturbation workshops for teenagers. Controversy raises because it is considered a waste of money. ' b'Report criticises excessive use of dementia drugs Overall in the UK, 180,000 people with dementia are on antipsychotic drug, with only around 36,000 getting any benefit' b'Sixyear limit on DNA retention of innocents' b'N.Korea warns South it will pay for clash' b'All new UK nurses must have degree under new rules in the biggest shakeups of medical education in the history of the NHS' b'Mr. Splashy Pants whale could soon be safe End of Japanese whale hunting in sight' France bans protests against antiMuslim video Why British police dont have guns UK woman who falsely claimed she was raped by three men because she regretted having sex with them jailed for two years Protester dies after inhaling fumes from burning American flag French magazine to publish cartoons caricaturing the Prophet Mohammed Thousands of people in the Asian island nation of Sri Lanka have been struck by a mysterious and deadly form of kidney disease. A new study points to a likely cause pesticides and fertilizers.  Canadian University Requires Students To Pay $180 For 'Art History' Text That Has No Photos Due To Copyright Problems French weekly fuels Mohammad row with nude cartoons Foreign Ministry shut down everything Libyans tried to save U.S. ambassador, video shows Japanese firms closing China plants Report 4 injured after explosion at kosher store in a Paris suburb PAKISTAN Friday Will Be A Holiday To Protest Film Mocking Islam

 Georgia prisons minister resigns after revelations of inmate torture and rape AntiJapanese sentiments have spread to Hong Kong, Japanese couple is attacked by a Chinese man Hezbollah The height of US hypocrisy is that no one can question the Holocaust without escaping punishment, whereas when the greatest prophet of our nation is insulted, Hillary Clinton considers that America cannot do anything about freedom of expression. Five of the six biggest countries in the EU have called for a radical overhaul of European foreign and defence policy Cyberattacks hit 19 Japan websites amid Chinese protests There's a scramble to take control of resources exposed by melting ice. Japan Still Waiting for Chinese Fleet  As of Tuesday evening a giant flotilla hadn't materialized near the islands A populist group in Germany wants to publicly show the antiIslam film Innocence of Muslims, which is stoking a violent backlash across the Muslim world. Officials are reviewing whether they could ban the action, sparking a delicate debate over free speech and public order.  Britain shocked by shooting death of two unarmed female police officers To ban or not to ban? German rightwing group to show antiIslam film.  

After protesters torched the German embassy in Sudan last week, a German rightwing group announced plans to screen 'Innocence of Muslims.'  Now officials are weighing a ban of the event. Iran deploys submarine in Persian Gulf Fire tornado captured on film in Australia  video | World news | guardian.co.uk Free speech or incitement? French mag runs cartoons of Prophet Mohammed  Russia has just declassified news that will shake world gem markets to their core the discovery of a vast new diamond field containing trillions of carats, enough to supply global markets for another 3,000 years. Canada rises to Top Five in world economic freedom ranking as U.S. plummets to 18th | Canada | Russia signs deal with North Korea to write off 90% of North Korea's $11 billion debt to Moscow Japan to prevent Chinese landing on disputed islands 'by any means' In Africa's warm heart, a cold welcome for Chinese As Chinese miners, merchants and laborers surf into Africa on the back of a wave of big investments, a grassroots backlash against Beijing's increasing diplomatic and commercial clout is sweeping through the continent
 Arctic expert predicts final collapse of sea ice within four years a global disaster now unfolding in northern latitudes as the sea area that freezes and melts each year shrinks to its lowest extent ever recorded, Billionaire calls for end to aid to poor countries Airport ditches controversial bodyscanners  Telegraph Japan Discovers Massive Rare Earth Mineral Deposits Under Pacific Ocean Egypt issues arrest warrants for Koranburning pastor Terry Jones, 7 others over antiIslam film Death of world's coral reefs could wreak global chaos. 'High value' air passengers may get fasttrack passport checks  UK Border Agency working on plans for priority passport lanes for rich travellers at Heathrow and other British airports How Angela Merkel's bold plan to save Europe may have just saved Barack Obama. Shell executive caught after accidentally printing child pornography at work Shell Executive Anthony Sturman Jailed for Printing Child Pornograpy at Work. Japanese coast guard warns Chinese ship near disputed islands Witness says Libyans tried to rescue U.S. ambassador Stevens after he was found in alive in consulate office UK student charged for 'grossly offensive' Facebook post  under the Malicious Communications Act of 1988 'Azher Ahmed posted a message on his Facebook page in response to the news that six British soldiers had died in an Afghanistan IED attack.' Islamists destroy tomb of Muslim saint in Mali Pakistan Bans Youtube after it refuses to block video. Behead all those who insult the prophet sign child deemed safe as mother talks to police Iran says explosives cut power line to nuclear site After 45 deaths and a six week strike, mine workers in South Africa finally accept pay rise offer US diplomats at the embassy in Beirut, Lebanon are burning classified material as a precaution as antiAmerican protests spread to Lebanon. Irish Army's elite deployed to protect humanitarian cargo ships from Somali pirates in Aden  France Says No to Genetically Modified Crops, No to Fracking the ban specifically targets Monsanto's MON810 maize, as it is the only GMO currently allowed in Europe Japan's ambassador to China mysteriously dies in Tokyo  Salman Rushdie 'Satanic Verses would not be published today' and would be censored to appease Islam Myanmar frees all political prisoners Search starts for mother of young child in photograph holding sign 'Behead all those who insult the prophet' during Muslim riots in Sydney. OPEC is investing in solar power so they don't have to use their oil to refine more oil. Japan tooth patch could be end of decay ExMossad Chief Attack On Iran 'Stupidest Idea I've Ever Heard' Germany bars US pastor Terry Jones (the crazy one who burnt the Koran) Amid Japan China row, United States and Japan announce joint Missile Defense Program Key evidence in Assange case dissolves An armada of US and British naval power is massing in the Persian Gulf in the belief that Israel is considering a preemptive strike against Irans suspected nuclear weapons programme. Pirate Bay Founder Officially Arrested For Tax Hack, Denies Accusations
 Iran confirms it has forces in Syria and will take military action if pushed 17 Men Found Shot &  Tied Up in Chains in Mexico  Witnesses say  people in trucks stopped along a road & tossed the bodies out.  At least 60,000 have died in drugrelated violence in Mexico since 2006.

  Time running out to save coral reefs, scientists say Around 70 per cent of corals are expected to suffer from longterm degradation by 2030, even if strict emission cuts are enforced, according to the study




 Panasonic closes China plants after violent protests  Growing tension between China and Japan fuels concerns over potential war Berlin residents unhappy with visiting hipsters Government hands keys to Senkaku Islands to Japan Coast Guard  China claims most of South China Sea based on it existing on ancient maps, even though some are less than 20 miles from another country's main shorelines China tensions force Japanese companies to retreat 50 arrested over US envoy killing in Libya Mysterious tourist deaths in Asia prompt poison probe  CNN.com Amanpour shoots down Brian Ross claim that Iran four weeks away from nuclear weapons Forensic experts have failed to find crucial DNA evidence in the sexual assault case against Julian Assange Insurgents posing as US troops attacked an air base in Afghanistan  they killed two US Marines and destroyed six Harrier jets, but failed to kill Prince Harry A member of the Afghan police... bandaged his leg and pretended that he needed medical help; he shot the two British soldiers with a pistol when they came to his aid Iranian film depicts Jews as moneyhungry Arabkillers. Saturday Hunter, screened on Iranian TV, tells the story of a boy and his grandfather as they steal land from Arabs and execute civilians Over 100 arrested in protest of antiIslam film outside U.S. embassy in Paris US withdraws diplomats from Tunisia and Sudan Panasonic Plant in China on Fire as AntiJapan Protests Escalate Woolworths South Africa boycotted over Whites need not apply campaign against hiring white employees Iran foundation boosts bounty to kill Rushdie Assange gets an Aboriginal passport  Scientists shocked after Canadian government assigns IT staff to monitor ozone data The Incredible Muslim Hulk proves to be no friend of Islam either China willing to risk a minor conflict over its territorial dispute with Japan Iran acknowledges it has troops in Syria Four Nato troops killed by 'Afghan police' while trying to stop an insurgent attack on a police checkpoint Protests against desecration of Quran leads to 6 dead and 12 injured in Ghaziabad, India Sunday, Sep. 16, 2012
Nishimiya, Japan's ambassador to China, dies U.S. won't tolerate efforts to harm Americans Obama
 Israel War with Iran is not imminent.  Malaysia Holds Seminars on How to Spot Gay Children  Afghanistan Nato air strike 'kills eight women in Laghman'. Questions Abound as China Unveils Another Stealth Jet AntiPutin protest draws tens of thousands  Yahoo! News Khmer Rouge exminister Ieng Thirith, 80, released  She was released after the genocide tribunal in Cambodia ruled she's unfit to stand trial.  She was the most powerful woman among the Khmer Rouge, during which 2,000,000 people died between  19751979.
 Libya identifies 50 involved in U.S. attack official
| Reuters 289 Pakistan workers die in factory fire doors were locked to prevent workers from leaving early Why Is The Muslim World So Easily Offended? Sydney protest erupts over 'insulting' Islam film (Australia)
 Iraq police persecute, rape, murder homosexuals. Attack on one of largest American military base in Afghanistan, Camp Leatherneck, 2 marines dead Czech Republic declares state of prohibition starting today. Alcohol beverages containing deadly amounts of methanol are being illegally distributed resulting in 20 deaths already. The government has shut down all alcohols sales nationwide.  Benghazi airport shut down as heavy antiaircraft fire targets U.S drones Toronto Hindu group plans to screen controversial Prophet Mohammad film  with heavy security Tunisias governing moderate Islamist party condemned an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Tunis and the neighboring American school, saying such violence threatens the countrys progress toward democracy after decades of dictatorship Edmonton teacher who gave 0s for unsubmitted work 
fired Muslim protestors clash with police in Sydney. Inside the strange Hollywood scam that spread chaos across the Middle East A group of rightwing extremists aimed to destabilize postMubarak Egypt and roil US politicians. They got their wish Coptic Christians in Egypt preparing for backlash  The reaction in Egypt is going to be terrible 20 Muslim countries attack U. S. embassies. The Czech Republic indefinitely banned all sales of 
liquor with more than 20 percent alcohol on Friday 
after 19 people died from drinking bootleg vodka 
and rum containing poisonous methanol The Obama administration is flatly denying a blaring British newspaper report that the U.S. diplomats in Libya were killed as a result of a continuing security breach, and that credible information about possible attacks had been ignored. 'We'd do anything for Israel, but we don't do that,' say Mossad's female secret weapons For the first time in Israeli history, five agents have been allowed to give interviews
 No protest before Benghazi attack, wounded Libyan guard says AntiJapan protests in China over disputed islands swell and turn violent Mohammed Film Protests Spread To Jordan, Thousands Chant Listen Obama, All Of Us Are Osama EXCLUSIVE Panetta says Pentagon Prepositioning Forces for Additional Unrest 2 dead, 40 injured in Tunis as protesters storm US Embassy, set fire to American school Ambassador's killing US scrambles to rush spies, drones to Libya  The Times of India Muslim Protests Spread Across the Globe [pics] All current muslim protests mapped U.S. Embassy calls out Muslim Brotherhood over contradiction between the Brotherhoods Arabic and English Twitter postings.  English feed hope USEg relations will sustain turbulence of Tuesday's events. Arabic feed Egyptians revolt for the Prophets victory in front of U.S. embassy. Protesters try to storm German, British embassies in 
Sudan Maker of AntiMuslim movie is not IsraeliAmerican, but a Coptic Christian previously convicted of bank fraud. Report German embassy in Sudan on fire Arab Spring nations don't yet grasp freedom of dissent  CNN.com Protests have been reported today in Iraq, Iran, Indonesia, Qatar, Kashmir, Egypt, Yemen, Jordan, Sudan and Afghanistan. Protestors torch KFC in Tripoli, Lebanon (PHOTOS) China calls Romney's accusations 'as false as they are foolish'  EU working on consumer labels for Israeli settlement products. Denmark is spearheading an EU initiative to help consumers boycott Israeli settlement products. Six Chinese ships enter Japanese waters Hundreds of Muslim protesters storm German embassy in Sudan, raise Islamic flag Protesters set fire to American School in Tunis  Reuters Reports Toronto group says it wants to screen controversial antiIslam film  The Glo United States 'warned of Libya embassy attack but did nothing' Scottish wildcat to be extinct within months Japan warns its citizens in China after another round of assaults Protesters Attack US Embassy in Tunis. Egypt, hearing from Obama, moves to heal rift from protests. A blunt phone call from President Obama prompted Egyptian leaders to scramble Thursday to try to repair the countrys alliance with Washington Bosnian politician uploads porn to his web site in the hopes of improving his electoral prospects AntiUS protests spread across the Middle East US embassy under attack in Tunisia.  U.K. surveillance goes too far by putting cameras in school bathrooms Somali president survives assassination attempt  Video Topless Kate photos in French mag upset UK royals Man behind antiIslam film reportedly is Egyptianborn excon Up to 10 Libyans were also killed or wounded defending the US cousulate Dalai Lama tells his Facebook friends that religion is no longer adequate Iraqi government arresting gay men and lesbians and handing them over to Islamist militias Diplomat Killed in Libya playing MMO, tells other gamers Hope I 'Don't Die Tonight' A clash of civilizations? Not really. Egyptians and Libyans denounce extremist fringe responsible for attacks on US missions in their countries. It'd appear that Sam Bacile, the man behind the antiIslam film that sparked riots in Libya and Egypt, lied about his identity and is really Nakoula Basseley Nakoula. WHO ebola outbreak out of control in Congo, risks spreading to major towns Report indicates Libyan attack has hallmarks of a professional job, not a riot. There may be no antiIslamic movie at all  CSMonitor.com Russian Prime Minister Medvedev says Pussy Riot should be freed US officials say the Pentagon is moving 2 warships toward Libyan coast. Postembassy attack, Egyptian President Morsi's silence deafening  

President Mohamed Morsi, who still faces enormous skepticism as Egypt's first Islamist president, squandered an opportunity to reassure the international community that Egypt is stable. World's first colour moving pictures discovered Egypt to take legal action in U.S. against Prophet film makers Yemen protesters storm US embassy  live coverage US Diplomat killed in Libya told fellow gamers Assuming we dont die tonight. We saw one of our police that guard the compound taking pictures. 'This Does Not Represent Us' Moving Photos of ProAmerican Rallies in Libya  Politics  The Atlantic Wire Film That Stoked Mideast Violence Has Murky Parentage  NYTimes.com Iranians protesting infront of the Swiss Embassy in Teheran, Iran  Film That Stoked Mideast Violence Has Murky Parentage Director Sam Basile may not even exist, but producer Steve Klein and promoter Terry Jones have long history of antichoice and antiMuslim activism BBC News  US embassy in Yemen stormed in film protest Chris Stevens died at the hands of militants, not an offended mob
 Yemeni protesters storm U.S. embassy in Sanaa witnesses U.S. sending warships to Libyan coast after consulate attack Tepid response from Egypt government may be bigger concern for US than events in Libya. US ambassador and 3 staff members killed in an attack on the American consulate in Benghazi, Libya Drunk North Korean man floats to South Korea For the first time, White House declines Netanyahu request to meet with Obama Egypt Protesters Attack U.S. Embassy In Cairo Witnesses say an armed mob has attacked the US consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi and set fire to the building in what they say was a protest at a film deemed offensive to Islam's Prophet Muhammad. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev calls for 3 members of punk band Pussy Riot to be freed Hillsborough Report reveals police dramatically altered 164 police statements (including removing 116 comments about policing) revolving around the death of 96 football fans 1.5 million turn out in Barcelona in rally for independence from Spain. US ambassador to Libya 'killed in attack on Benghazi consulate' Report Maker of antiIslamic film 'Innocence of Muslims' goes into hiding U.S. to send Marines to Libya to bolster security Catalan independence rally brings Barcelona to a standstill Surge in secessionist sentiment surprises regional government as Madrid dismisses 'big gesture'
 CCTV cameras being used in more than 200 schools changing rooms and toilets across Britain Attack in Libya planned, protest used as diversion, U.S. sources say A News International executive who admitted that the company had destroyed computers and deleted emails during the phone hacking scandal has been promoted by Rupert Murdoch. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has accused his country's enemies of enacting a sinister plan to create a drought by somehow destroying the rain clouds before they reach Iran Assange threatened to sue film festival if they showed a documentary film on Wikileaks called WikiLeaks Secrets and Lies Afghanistan bans YouTube over antiIslam film JapanScientists sound alarm on plan to bury nuclear waste Benjamin Netanyahu has denounced American and British efforts to restrain Israel from striking Iran, saying that noone had a moral right to prevent his country from acting against a mortal threat.  You have to stop being gay, otherwise we will kill you. Homosexuals in Iraq face death threats from family, neighbors, police. Israel distances itself from Prophet Muhammad film MI6 boss 'visited Israeli Prime Minister to urge against attacking Iran'  Telegraph China Says No Questioning Its Sovereignty Over South China Sea  Netanyahu denied White House meeting  The White House has reportedly rejected a request by Binyamin Netanyahu, Israeli prime minister, to meet President Barack Obama in the US later this month. 

South Korea rejects creationist interference in school textbooks Anonymous takes down Godaddy.com WikiLeaks releases 32k Syria emails India to back Palestine's full UN membership bid Loving dog dies saving suicidal owner from train tracks. China tries to persuade the city of Corvallis, Oregon to force a businessman to remove a mural from his downtown building. US drug addiction impedes Mexican growth  President Calderon 'stated that the US was the root cause of the drugs war that has claimed over 50,000 lives in Mexico.' Russia sets 'super goal' of establishing Moon base Jerusalem police announced that over they past month they uncovered a massive weapons cache inside a vegetable shop in east Jerusalem, with dozens of weapons, ammunition, pipe bombs, Hamas literature, and a quarter of a million shekels. Mysterious absence of top Chinese official latest Communist Party woe Presumptive new leader Xi Jinping not seen since September 1, missing scheduled meetings with foreign dignitaries French homosexuals will be able to adopt children in the same conditions as heterosexual couples in the new gay marriage law proposed by the French government (article in translated French, sorry) The supervision of Kosovo is finished  Kosovo declared 'fully independent' Scientology threatens Vanity Fair over Tom Cruise 'auditions' claims Andy Murray becomes first British man since Fred Perry in 1936 to win a Grand Slam singles title. Australia Determined to Stop Dutch SuperTrawler From Fishing in its Waters by Immediately Changing  Environmental Protection Laws  There's never been a fishing vessel of this capacity in Australia before. There are risks to environment, commercial operators &  everyone who loves fishing.  A rare scarab amulet newly unearthed in Tel Aviv reveals the ancient Egyptian presence in this modern Israeli city. Suicide bombing at Turkey police station kills 1 Somalia, after two decades of war, has taken a major step toward stability  electing an activist leader as president. Russian Authorities' Shocking Nighttime Demolition of a Pentecostal Church in Moscow  Forbes Oregon town angers China with mural on Taiwan, Tibet Violence continues in Kenya's Tana river area despite a dusktodawn curfew after the deaths of about 100 people in weeks of clashes Bin Laden raid doctor Shakil Afridi speaks out Channel 4 cancels controversial screening of Islam 
The Untold Story documentary after presenter Tom 
Holland is threatened Stowaway plunges to death from plane in residential street under Heathrow flight path   Telegraph Where is China's Vice President Xi Jinping?  

The strange disappearance from public view of China's heir apparent Vice President Xi Jinping has puzzled observers. Caribbean coral reefs face collapse.  Only 8% showing live coral cover. Man wakes up from coma after 7 years after given sleeping pill Declassified documents add to proof that US helped cover up 1940 Soviet massacre A top story today on Australia's public broadcaster 
Academics advise legalizing marijuana and 
ecstasy,nationally. French newspaper to France's richest man Get lost, you rich bastard It Keeps Growing  41,000 South African Miners Go on Strike   They say   they're getting desperate & do not have enough money to feed their families because of the nowork, nopay strike.  But they remain resolute & won't return to work until their wage demand is met. 


 China's next president injured.  Rumored to be assassination attempt. Hong Kong citizens to China We refuse your propaganda. Slaughtering Of Elephants Is Soaring Because Of China's Demand For Ivory  because of the economy in China, there is a huge middle class that is able to afford ivory. For the first time in history, hundreds of millions of Chinese, who have always liked ivory, are able to buy it. Japan minister Matsushita found dead at home in 
possible suicide police | The Japan Times Online America's refusal to extradite Bolivia's expresident to face genocide charges 
A Roman parade cavalry helmet that fetched over 2.2 million at auction after unearthed by a metal detector enthusiast in a Cumbrian field is going on display for 1st time  With its curls & face mask, it has a ''hauntingly impassive expression'' & is a great masterpiece of Roman metalwork.  
 Indian cartoonist arrested on sedition charges after criticizing government corruption Canadian citizen age 30 arrested while visiting Israel for not serving in IDF 13 years ago; to stand trial as deserter  It smells of chemicals and it gives you a headache, Sometimes I feel like vomiting...  Fifteenyearold Elena goes up and down the rows removing flowers from tobacco plants for 12 or more hours a day. Devastated Mexican father asks Why did my son have to die for the US's failed war on drugs? SA miners 'killed while trying to surrender'. Witnesses allege police brutality in shooting of striking miners at Marikana mine last month that left 34 people dead. France's richest man denies tax exile bid  LVMH boss Bernard Arnault says he is not becoming a tax exile, despite seeking Belgian nationality as Paris moves to impose a 75% wealth tax. Indian family launch court action for return of KohiNoor diamond  The descendants of the last Maharaja of the Sikh Empire, who was forced to hand over the KohiNoor diamond to Queen Victoria, will on Monday launch a court action for his body and possessions to be returned to India.  Iraq vicepresident sentenced to death amid deadly wave of insurgent attacks Study finds that in total s, it was the educated middleclass that avoided the most taxes in Greece. Hundreds of Palestinians attack Jewish village while chanting slaughter the Jews Can Israel Surprise Iran? Maybe Not Years of public speculation, much of it stoked by official statements in Israel and abroad, about the likelihood and timing of such a conflict have afforded the Iranians plenty of notice to fortify their threatened nuclear facilities and prepare retaliation. Former German first lady battles redlight rumors Sues Google Yet Again, Congo Faces The Specter Of Civil War  NPR b'Netherlands to levy green road tax by the kilometre from 2012 Each vehicle will be equipped with a GPS device that tracks how many kilometres are driven and when and where. ' b'Chinese don't like Africans. They don't like black skin.' b'Israeli has destroyed 25,000 Palestinian houses   in Jerusalem ' b'What right does Israel have to stop whether or not a people can have their country recognised by the other countries?' b'12 year old Aboriginal boy in court today over recieving a stolen freddo frog chocolate from his friend!' Palestinians to seek endorsement of statehood  They plan to ask the United Nations for its support without Israel's consent b'Order Out of Chaos CIA, Blackwater Responsible for Bombings, Assassinations in Pakistan' b'UltraOrthodox Jews in Jerusalem protest outside the Intel office, against the plant operating on the Jewish day of rest.' Surreal drama of Zambia 'porn' trial b'Film Sugar Babies takes on Big Sugar in Dominican Republic and in Florida, ignored by the mainstream media' b'If you are an Israeli citizen and you beat up a Palestinian, even kill him or her, theres a 90 percent chance you will get away with it.' Now that Silvio Berlusconi has been convicted by an Italian court, he's trying to constrain the country's judicial system.  b'Iran urges Russia to fulfill S300 missile supply contract' b'The British National Party will be joined in the European parliamentnby farright parties from across the continent. But how much supportnare fascists and racists really picking up? Tom Walker investigates.' b'US active role in the Yemen war' b'APEC leaders drop climate target  Copenhagen conference now pointless' b'CIA Pakistani spy agency pays off nHundreds of millions go to the ISI, despite fears of corruption.' Kosovo's Serbs turn their anger on 'betrayal' of minority status. First elections since independence in 2008 will be allAlbanian affair as Belgrade's abandoned followers boycott polls. b'I was wondering the other day why I was so mad about Israel and Palestine. The shit we are doing in Iraq and Afghanistan is worse. Is our anger misplaced? Are they just holding a mirror and we dont like what we see?' b'I was in the tub, and I had my back turned, and somebody raped me while I was in the water' Gordon Brown is to offer a formal apology for the UK's role in sending tens of thousands of children to a new life in Commonwealth countries during the 20th century, many without the consent of their families. Kosovo local elections offer hope  Some Serbs have decided to run, and vote, despite Belgrade's protests. b'Nato braced for attack as President Hamid Karzai is sworn in' b'700 French troops launch eastern Afghan offensive' b'In Australia you can go to jail for  donating money to the 1.5 million  starving Palestinians on in Gaza Strip ' NSA's Blackmail By Porn Strategy, The Abuse We Were All Waiting For Thousands expected to take part in Day of Rage protests against Israel's plan to displace tens of thousands of Bedouin. Berlin council votes to open first cannabis cafe Helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow. I Tried to See Where My TShirt Was Made, and the Factory Sent Thugs After Me  After meeting India's sumangali girls, I'll never look at cute, cheap clothes the same way again. Pope launches blistering attack on the 'tyranny of capitalism' as he warns we're all heading towards 'disintegration and death' The Syrian civil war is creating a generation of traumatized, isolated and undereducated children who are vulnerable to exploitation and recruitment by armed groups Veteran RCMP Officer Cpl. Ron Francis brought to tears while being stripped of his uniform after being fired for smoking legally prescribed marijuana North Korea Calls Captive 85YearOld US Citizen 'Criminal' For His Service During Korean War Germany spends millions on animalonly bridges Police in Jamaica say authorities have seized 3,300 missile warheads and a machine to make missiles and bullets. 90 firms responsible for emitting twothirds of world's deadly gases since 1751 Egypt to pardon women jailed over protest  21 women and girls, whose 11year sentencing for a peaceful protest caused outrage, will be freed after court processes Islamic law and suspicion fuel polio resurgence Vodafone Iceland Breached, Website defaced, database containing 70,000+ Accounts leaked. Berlin borough pushing for Germanys first cannabis coffeeshop Billions from Beijing Africans Divided over Chinese Presence  Chinese companies have pumped billions into Africa to secure access to natural resources, boosting countries' economies along the way. Ordinary citizens aren't reaping the benefits though & are growing more wary of the new investors. AFP British burned, dumped 'embarrassing' colonial documents [Greece] Journalist found guilty of insulting 'proud national socialist' by calling him a 'neonazi' Canada's Role in NSA's Global Spy Network Revealed A meteor hit Zakynthos, the third largest Greek island, in the Ionian Sea on Wednesday night China scrambles fighter jets towards US and Japan aircraft in disputed air zone; Escalation of response in South China Sea is the first time China is known to have sent military jets in zone alongside foreign craft. Spain's youth unemployment rate has resurged to a record 57.4%, 24.4% of Europe's under25 population is unemployed Dutch intelligence agency AIVD hacks internet fora Israel likely to be first nonEuropean member of CERN Gay Puerto Rican teen decapitated, dismembered  and burned. Police response 'people who lead this  type of lifestyle need to be aware that this will  happen'. I just received a SIX PAGE reply from the Attorney General who's vetoing the r18 classification for games in Australia! (as rage inducing as you would expect) b'Huge rise in infant deformities in Falluja Most are in the head and spinal cord... also a very marked increase in the number of cases of less than two years [old] with brain tumours.' b'200 Italian women responded to an ad asking for attractive girls between 18 and 35 years old, at least 5 foot, 7 inches tall, welldressed but not in miniskirts or low cut dresses. They expected a party. What they got was Muammar Gaddafi.' b'At first its like a video on British health care.  Then, all of a sudden, Israelis show up to ask, papers, please.' b'China now controls 95% of the global market for rare metals used to make iPods, wind farms and electric cars' b'Deep in the heart of the Amazon rain forest, there are people who have lived off the water for a long time who are now forced to eat canned tuna fish because the fish in the river are dead or diseased, Joe Berlinger director of Crude  about an environmental lawsuit against oil giant Chevron' b'A group of Israeli soldiers disobeyed orders on Monday to help in the dismantling of several structures that Jewish settlers had built without government authorization in the occupied West Bank.' b'The Dark Side of Dubai Dubai was meant to be a MiddleEastern ShangriLa, a glittering monument to Arab enterprise and western capitalism. But as hard times arrive, an uglier story is emerging.' b'After discovering that the iconic Pirate Bay logo had not been officially registered, a Swedish company has hijacked the trademark as their own, with an eye on commercial exploitation.' b'80% of us will not pay for news anymore.' b'Book about killing gentile children becomes bestseller in Israel' b'Can you imagine if it were your daughter?' b'Two kite surfers from West Sussex took advantage of strong winds on the south coast to realise an ambition to jump over Worthing pier.' The third Israeli town in 6 months has added 'Zionist loyalty' to their bylaws  Why won't Israel stop building settlements? Because this is Palestine's condition for peace talks to resume. b'Israel says declaring a state could lead to annexation of more of the occupied West Bank.' b'Human Rights Watch has accused Israel of  launching an organized campaign of lies and  misinformation against it in the wake of the  organization's support of the Goldstone report' b'Palestinians call for EU to back independence' Most of the world's seven thousand languages will no longer be spoken by the end of this century b'Tragically, millions of people continue to knowingly poison themselves for lack of an alternative source of water.' b'The only soldier convicted in connection with the death of Iraqi hotel worker Baha Mousa today dramatically accused a former Army officer of prisoner abuse. ' It's an easy mistake to make. You break into a house, steal a few things, then discover a computer and decide to log into Facebook. Police arrest 26 year old  b'Zambia journalist acquitted of pornography charges that were brought against her several months ago for sending photos of a woman giving birth in a hospital parking lot.' b'People Republic of China's official media ignore Obama's message on Internet freedom while Web sites delete stories. Is there a Chinese word for irony?' Over 100 antiTTIP Protesters Arrested in Brussels.Demonstrators said the TTIP is death, claiming it will lower standards of living and damge the environment, while benefiting huge multinationals. Salman Rushdie warns of new dangers to free speech in West Violence against writers and a misplaced sense of political correctness pose new dangers to freedom of speech in the West Earth just had its warmest September on record  by a long shot Croatia Legalizes Use of Medical Marijuana Palestinian disguised as a journalist stabs Israeli soldier near Hebron Turkey 'downs aircraft on Syria border' The United Kingdom and Sweden are clearly violating international law for refusing to grant Julian Assange medical attention outside the Ecuadorean Embassy in London without arrest, a lawyer for the WikiLeaks founder told RT Thursday. Aussies get behind proposal to change currency to dollarydoos Germany spied on the United States, as well as on several embassies and administrations of European states and allies, including France Bubble plumes off Washington, Oregon suggest warmer ocean may be releasing frozen methane This Iranian Cartoonist Was Subjected To A Virginity Test For Shaking Her Lawyers Hand  She was also charged with having illegitimate sexual relations. India 11 Indian nuclear scientists died mysteriously from 20092013. Adolf Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' to Return to German Bookstores Game changing breakthrough in solar energy cuts material losses in half and reduces fabrication costs by 80% Conservatives withhold timeline for revealing full text of TPP deal India's forest cover steadily increasing Few Russians Believe Separatists Shot Down MH17 Malaysia arrests a hacker who provided stolen personal information of U.S. service members to ISIS Hungary to Seal Border With Croatia to Stem Flow of Immigrants Aboriginal activists vow to fight nuclear waste shipment destined for Australia Islam was 'never part of Europe' Hungary's Orban After decades of study, scientists are about to agree on how much a kilogram weighs Uber ridehailing app does not break law, High Court rules Incredible Discovery of Fossilized Teeth Show Humans in Asia Long Before Europe  Found in a China cave, they date 80,000120,000 yrs ago. This is tens of 1000s yrs older than oldest human remains found in Europe & Mediterranean. May be earliest evidence of modern humans outside Africa. Snowden and Ellsberg hail leak of drone documents from new whistleblower The Origins of the King James Bible  A handwritten draft of the world's most famous bible has been discovered in England. It contains handwriting of dozens of authors from 16041608. That handwriting is a crucial find, because it reveals how they translated & assembled the text. China warns Britain not to bring up human rights during Xi Jinping's visit because he would be offended Canada's ruling Conservatives facing criminal investigation over election law violation for the 4th election in a row Saudi police try to shift blame onto Indian maid Ebola is now an STD  First case of sexual transmission of the viral disease documented in Liberia. Hundreds of Israeli Jews and Arabs rally for peace Around 700 people form human chain in north of country, call for coexistence and condemn violence Australia to lift ban on medical cannabis China plans to build 110 nuclear power plants by 2030 with an investment of over $78 billion Erdogan slams Nobel prizes as biased, sayingSomeone [Merkel] says, We will receive 3040,000 refugees,' and then they are nominated for the Nobel [prize]. I wonder how it happens. We are hosting 2.5 million refugees at the moment. Nobody cares about that. Rich nations are spending $250 billion annually subsidizing their agricultural sectors to the detriment of poor farmers as they artificially lower prices for some crops and block market access for growers from poor countries, a new study said. A group of Russian hackers infiltrated the servers of Dow Jones & Co., owner of the Wall Street Journal and several other news publications, and stole information to trade on before it became public.The FBI, Secret Service and the Securities and Exchange Commission are leading an investigation. Smoking bans in Australian prisons sees packets of cigarettes trade for $320 | Since smoking was banned in August, the price of a pack of cigarettes has skyrocketed from $28 on the prison buyups scheme to $300 on the black market. Matches and papers, once sold for $3 now fetch up to $90 The World Is Not As Hungry As You Might Think Deaths due to mass famine have plummeted, according to data from the International Food Policy Research Institute, Welthungerhilfe and Concern Worldwide. Germany reportedly bribed FIFA for 2006 World Cup The richest 1% of Indians own 53% of the countrys wealth while top 10% have 76.3% of the country's wealth Islam was 'never part of Europe' Hungary's Orban | Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban defended his hardline stance against refugees, the vast majority of whom are Muslim, saying in an interview published Friday that Islam has never been part of Europe. Sleep researchers observed tribal groups living preindustrial lives. After 1,165 days collecting data,they found the avg sleep time among the tribes was 6.5 hrs a night. In industrial societies, the average is 7.5 hrs a night. They barely suffered insomnia, which is prevalent in 20% of our society. Europe and Russia planning space mission to assess Moon settlement Obama Says Israel Will Only Be Secure With A TwoState Solution Cologne mayoral candidate Henriette Reker seriously hurt in knife attack  An independent candidate to be mayor of Cologne has been severely injured in a knife attack. Police said four other people were hurt at the scene, and a suspect was taken into custody. U.S. confirms Iran tested nuclearcapable ballistic missile More than 400 dead in southeast Congo measles outbreak U.N. Politicians panic after law change could leave them open to surveillance Migrant crisis Slovenia braces as Hungary shuts border Victims of modern slavery hidden in Britain's brothels, farms and private homes must be found and protected, the country's antislavery commissioner said on Friday Palm oil company caught destroying primary forest in endangered ecosystem China says Russia, U.S. must avoid fighting proxy war in Syria ISIS Confirms That US Killed Its Number Two Leader Half of world's wealth now in hands of 1% of population  report If You're Young, The Job Outlook Is Grim No Matter Where You Live Thousands of Iranian troops amass for allout assault on Syrian city of Aleppo | The attack is set to backed by Russian air strikes. Columbus Statue in Venezuela replaced with one of indigenous leader who led resistance against Spanish colonialism. In a secret meeting in Russia with President Vladimir Putin, Saudi Defense Minister said that his country and Qatar stand ready to pay $300 billion to Russia to topple the Assad regime. Putin complains about US cooperation We have offered the Americans Give us objects that we shouldnt target on Syria. Again, no answer NASA, Israel Space Agency Sign Agreement To Expand Space Cooperation For 'Peaceful Use' Osama was a guest of Pakistan, says the Pakistani Defence Minister at the time of the U.S. operation to kill Osama Bin Laden. Partys over for striped legless lizard in nation's capital  One of the last populations in Australia of this nearextinct reptile being moved from Canberra to 75km south in a doordie operation. Their habitat is being flattened to create a caravan park & tourist site for up to 480 people. China is rapidly emerging as star of the show just six weeks ahead of the Paris climate talks thanks to its promised deep cuts to greenhouse gas emissions and pledges to ramp up renewable energy investments. China's middle class is now the biggest in the world, and growing much faster than America's Russia has hit 86 'terrorist' targets in Syria including command posts, ammunition depots, and convoys transporting fuel and ammunition, in past 24 hours Top Leaders Knew About Osama bin Laden's Presence ExPak Defence Minister Pacific nations beg for help for islanders when 'calamity' of climate change hits  Coalition of Fiji, Kiribati, Tuvalu & Tokelau ask wealthy nations to help their people migrate & find work if they have to flee because of rising sea levels A 76yearold British national has been held in an Iranian jail for more than four years and convicted of spying, his family has revealed, as they seek to draw attention to the plight of a man they describe as one of the oldest and loneliest prisoners in Iran. 41 writers return Indian award, cite climate of intolerance novelists, essayists, playwrights and poets had returned the awards they received, saying they cannot remain silent about numerous incidents of communal violence or attacks on intellectuals across the country over the past year. Israel's new security steps IDF to guard buses, surround Arab neighborhoods, to counter the ongoing wave of violent attacks that has left nine Israelis dead and dozens more injured New tally shows at least 1,621 killed in Saudi hajj tragedy Netanyahu to Abbas Palestinians will bear responsibility for escalating violence Goldman Sachs analysts have warned that the financial crisis has moved into its third phase, caused by slower growth in China and other emerging economies.This follows the International Monetary Fund's recent warning that companies in emerging markets have overborrowed by nearly 2tn ($3tn). Panda on loan from China gives birth to twins at the Toronto Zoo. The first Canadian born pandas. Gunmen Are Holding Some 300 Tunisians Hostage in Coastal Libyan Town Turing Pharmaceuticals, the drug company that jacked up the price of AIDS and cancer drug 5,000%, is now facing an antitrust probe. New Edward Snowden? Whistleblower leaks documents on drones and Obama's assassination program Sweden opens world's first male rape centre  A hospital in Stockholm is understood to be first in the world to set up an emergency department specifically for male rape victims. The clinic at Sdersjukhuset opened on Thursday as part of a strategy to ensure gender equal patient care. The Philippines Is Still Pissed Off That Canada Is Using It as a Giant Garbage Bin  The island nation is demanding Canada take back its shipping containers full of rotting food & adult diapers. TransPacific Partnership text won't be available before election Dead 13 year old terrorist is alive and being treated in Israeli hospital contrary to claims by Abbas that he was executed by Israel (pictures/article). Toyota to Phase Out GasPowered Vehicles, Doubling Down on Hydrogen US President Barack Obama has announced that US armed forces have been deployed to Cameroon to help fight against the Islamist militants Boko Haram. Obama to delay withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan  Officials say Obama to outline plans to keep 5,500 troops in Afghanistan in 2017, having previously promised to end war on his watch Queensland makes coding and robotics compulsory in schools Iran Nuclear Deal has been approved Canada is preparing to embark on a farreaching program of financial surveillance of senior public officeholders, from Prime Minister Stephen Harper, GovernorGeneral David Johnston and Supreme Court Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin down to thousands of elected politicians and senior bureaucrats. The United States' Deceptive AntiAbortion 'Pregnancy Centers' Are Going Global Eritrean football players have refused to return home after playing a World Cup qualifying match in Botswana and are now seeking asylum UK denies Julian Assange medical attention UN Brazil's Police Kill Kids to Clean Streets for Olympics '13yearold was executed,' Abbas claims falsely  PA chairman's speech decries 'execution' of teen terrorist who is being treated in Israeli hospital Ebola lingers in semen for nine months Cuban Troops Join the Russian Offensive in Syria 2 Indian Engineers Sued Apple For Copying Their Patent Technology & Won. Israeli police arrest four Jewish settlers following clashes with Palestinians Experts astonished by British nurse's deterioration to Ebola  Pauline Cafferkey's rapid decline after being 'cured' leaves experts staggered & expressing astonishment at the deterioration of her condition France says Iran missile test 'worrying' violation of UN resolution Former Moldova PM Filat arrested over $1 billion bank fraud Nordic police break up refugee smuggling ring  Swedish and Finnish police have together smashed a network believed to be responsible for smuggling more than a hundred refugees, mainly Iraqi nationals, across the border. Facebook paid 4,327 of UK corporation tax in 2014 South Korea's government has announced controversial plans to control the history textbooks used in secondary schools. The government has argued that current history textbooks are too leftleaning and encourage antiAmerican and proNorth Korea feelings. Turkish police use tear gas to prevent mourners from laying flowers at site of bombings Indian government plans to sell solar power at record low price of $0.07 per unit. The Chairman of Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. has donated all $554 million (USD) of his cash dividends to fund biomedical research at National Taiwan University. Police stop guarding Assange embassy Chinese investors flooding billions into the Australian real estate market prompt money laundering fears Thousands rally against Erdogan as Turkey mourns deadliest attack 5Hour Energy creator to donate 10,000 stationary bikes to power homes in India Greenpeace is planning to buy four coalfired power plants and their corresponding mines in Eastern Germany for $2.2 billion to shut them down. Cecil the lion No charges for Walter Palmer, says Zimbabwe Exxon Arctic Drilling Benefitting From Global Warming Oil Company Denied Climate Change Science While Factoring It Into Arctic Operations, Report Shows This Tiny Country Is Going 100% Organic  Bhutan is only country in world that rejects gross domestic product (GDP) as a measure of progress. Deleting certain genes could increase lifespan dramatically, say scientists after 10 years' research  American scientists exhaustively mapped the genes of yeast cells to determine which affected lifespan Syria conflict Assad forces make 'significant gains' Three injured in stabbing attack near Hadera,Israel. Saudis tell Russia its actions in Syria will have 'dangerous consequences' China enters the search for alien life with the construction of the world's biggest radio telescope Russia's National AntiTerrorism Committee says it has arrested group of people preparing a terrorist attack in Moscow Sweden sees highest asylum levels in history  More refugees have sought asylum in Sweden so far in 2015 than in any other year in the Nordic nation's history, new figures released by the country's Migration Agency have revealed. El Nio could leave 4 million people in Pacific without food or drinking water  Papua New Guinea drought has already claimed 2 dozen lives & looming El Nio weather pattern could be as severe as in 199798, when 23,000 people died Ebola nurse Pauline Cafferkey 'in serious condition' RAF given green light to shoot down hostile Russian jets in Syria Syrian rebels decry Russian airstrikes 'we have not had Isis here in over a year' Residents in areas hit by Russian airstrikes describe widespread destruction of civic buildings and housing while Free Syrian Army largely shelters itself Swedish university shut down over threats of massshooting. CIA torture survivors sue psychologists who designed infamous program Legalising cannabis in the UK 'would raise hundreds of millions and produce huge savings for the justice system,' Treasury study finds U.S. gives 50 tons of ammunition to Syria rebel groups Russia made missile that downed MH17 Dutch Subject PM Harper to criminal investigation over offshore tax haven scandal, 3 out of 5 Canadians say Rockets hit Russian embassy in Damascus just hours after Nusra leader Golani called Russian intervention in Syria a 'crusade'. India Government may bar pharmaceutical companies from giving gifts to doctors A third of all young men in China will die from smoking cigarettes, a study shows UN lack of whistleblower protection has 'chilling' effect on exposing wrongdoing | Report by UN special rapporteur David Kaye says, unlike Edward Snowden, many nationalsecurity whistleblowers struggle for attention and response Surveillance whistleblower Edward Snowden draws attention to new Australian metadata laws World poverty rate to fall below 10% for the first time ever. Bolivia's President Morales blames capitalism for climate change  Leader calls for tribunal to prosecute those who commit crimes against nature. The Paris conference will bring together 196 states, including largest emitters of greenhouse gases & those most effected. Multiple stabbings in Israel Iran's parliament formally approves nuclear deal with world powers German protesters set up mock gallows to hang Angela Merkel for her prorefugee stance Bernie Madoff investors seek $100M from Ernst & Young Poland Opens LNG Terminal to End Russian Dependence on Gas Australia begins mass data retention under new law Mortar Shells Strike Near Russian Embassy in Syria Islamic State is prime suspect in Turkey bombing, as protests erupt Warehouse explosion rocks Tianjin, China, 2 months after deadly blasts UK Pensioner Faces 350 Lashes In Saudi Arabia Saudiled Coalition Accused of War Crimes Bombed Afghan hospital rejects US funds for damages Palestinian RockThrowers Injure UN Official Monitoring Palestinian Worker Safety Four rangers that protect elephants in Africa killed by poachers. 'Stop TTIP' activists hand EU 3mn signatures Blast hits rally in Turkish capital NASA confirms ancient lakes existed on Mars 2 to 3 billion years ago #StopTTIP Tens of thousands protest trade deal with US in Berlin right now Boeing Says It's Made the Lightest Metal Material in the World  Boeing has created a structure that is 99.99% air. India moves to stop flow of housemaids to Saudi Arabia. British Guantanamo Bay inmate who was given 1 million pound compensation set off to join ISIS Privacy ends October 13, 2015 a new law requires that every one of the 400 Australian telcos and ISPs keep a record  not a recording  of every phone call, text, email, and download you make Russian military bombs ISIS 64 times in 24 hours Internet Providers Would Be Forced to Block Filesharing Sites Under TPP 'Rape of Nanjing' inscribed in UNESCO Memory of the World register Turing Pharmaceuticals We've agreed to lower the price of Daraprim. But we haven't done it. Saudi Arabia delivers 500 TOW antitank missiles to the Free Syrian Army Ninety of Malis 300 remaining desert elephants have been killed during the past year as ivory poachers exploit a security vacuum created by an Islamic insurgency in the deserts near the city of Timbuktu. Iceland completes payback of IMF loan Nasa reveals its threephase plan for putting people on Mars Second Saudi juvenile faces beheading, a day after Cameron's questioned over 'squalid' human rights deal Jordan parliament accuses Israel of 'state terrorism'  The Jordanian parliament Saturday accused Israel of state terrorism against the Palestinian people after its forces shot dead seven Gazans and wounded more than 140 others in the coastal strip. Conquistador Convoy Found in MexicoIn 1520, some 550 people were captured by Aztec. They decapitated them, even making figurines of them & beheading those. Hearing Cortez was coming, they hid it all in wells & split town. Cortes conquered the Aztecs the next yr. Amnesty International has mounted pressure on the UK to stop supplying weapons to the Saudiled coalition in an effort to ease the conflict in Yemen. Europe Begins Massive Deportation Of 400,000 Illegal Immigrants Violence escalates as Palestinian militants 'fire rocket into Israel' More than 80 dead in Ankara blasts D.A.R.P.A. researching devices to help human body selfheal China arrests hackers of US government on behalf of the US For just the third time on record, scientists say they are now watching the unfolding of a massive worldwide coral bleaching event, spanning the globe from Hawaii to the Indian Ocean. Queen of Ivory arrested in Tanzania, charged with smuggling at least 706 elephant tusks worth about $2.5 million A Canadian start up has opened a pilot plant to take CO2 out of the atmosphere in the form of pellets. Company plans to scale it up on a Global scale enabling countries to suck more CO2 from the atmosphere than they dump in. Syrian Christian leader tells West 'Stop arming terror groups who are massacring our people' Fate of Isis leader alBaghdadi unknown as his convoy 'struck by Iraqi air force' Ankara terror attack Turkey censors media coverage of bombings as Twitter and Facebook 'blocked' ISIL Threatens to Execute 180 Assyrian Christians unless $14 million ransom is paid. Nobel Peace Prize committee accused of ignoring what Alfred Nobel wanted A mysterious Russian military satellite parked itself between two Intelsat satellites in geosynchronous orbit for five months this year, alarming company executives and leading to classified meetings among U.S. government officials. Researchers at the University of Utrecht find that Dutch cyclists live longer than nonbikers. They say the evidence proves that cycling is not just good for your health but adds about an hour to your life for every hour spent this way. People in the Netherlands average about 74 minutes per week. Canada Caves on Copyright in TPP Commits to Longer Term, Urge ISPs to Block Content Indigenous Peoples of Yaigoj Apaporis Victorious as Court Ousts Canadian Mining Company Merkel's deputy expects Germany to get over a million refugees in 2015 More than a million refugees will come to Germany this year, Chancellor Angela Merkel's deputy said on Sunday, as a poll showed almost half of Germans believe she is handling the influx of asylum seekers badly. Shell & Exxon's 5bn problem gas drilling that sets off earthquakes & wrecks homes  Groningen has been 1 of Europes richest gas fields for 30 yrs & 1000s of people say homes are damaged by tremors by drilling. Now class action may bring compensation  & force a rethink of energy security. Rightwing antiimmigrant party poised to win Vienna vote Australia's Royal Children's Hospital doctors are refusing to return asylum seeker children to detention Turkey hit by protests over government response to suicide bombings Sabah police gets report claiming plane wreck with Malaysian flag found on Philippine island U.S. and Russia are trying to hash out flight procedures to ensure that there are no collisions or other incidents as both countries conduct bombing operations in Syria Russia using electronic warfare to cloak its actions in Syria from Isis and Nato Suicide Bombings at Chad Market, Refugee Camp Kill 38 | A military official said the extremist group Boko Haram is suspected. Turkey enters mourning after Ankara blasts killed almost 100 48 Million Year Old Horse Remains Found In Germany Japan lashes out at UNESCO's decision to archive documents on the Nanjing Massacre. Smoking gun emails reveal Blair's 'deal in blood' with George Bush over Iraq war was forged a year before the invasion had even started  despite claiming he wanted peace. Leaked White House memo shows former Prime Minister's support for war at summit with U.S. President in 2002. North Korea reportedly willing to sign peace treaty with US to end conflict 70 Tunisia hotels closed since attacks on tourists. Unemployment in Tunisia is almost 30 percent as the country suffers from the impact of deadly militant attacks on tourists. German mayor candidate stabbed in the neck over her support of refugees Germany's police union chief has called for a fence to be built along the country's border to stem the flow of migrants. Rainer Wendt told the Welt am Sonntag newspaper that other countries would then follow suit. The Australian government has secretly flown a pregnant refugee out of the country to escape a court injunction before it could be heard, chartering a jet to take her back to Nauru and the immigration detention centre where she was raped. With the discovery in southern China of human teeth dating back at least 80,000 years, the history of human migration is set to be rewritten German hunter kills one of the largest elephants in Africa for $60,000 El Chapo wounded but not caught after Mexican armed forces operation Tower of London staff 'used magic to repel forces of the Devil' & witches  Archaeologists find dozens of ritual protection marks literally burnt into timbers holding up roof. These are hugely significant, revealing hopes, fears & desires of the everyday occupants. Russia reportedly looking to remove itself from Internet. Russia has reportedly run tests to see if it can remove itself from the World Wide Web to stem the flow of information to and from foreign countries, according to a top industry official. Kissing scene brings Iranian Kurdish director six years imprisonment, 223 lashes. Four Israeli cities, citing security, ban Arab workers from schools Prospect of TTIP already undermining EU food standards, say campaigners | Opponents of Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership say EU negotiator has admitted to approving entry of banned goods UN's Blue Helmets to defend world heritage sites from IS attacks An air strike by the U.S.led coalition has killed Sanafi alNasr, a Saudi citizen and the leader of an al Qaeda offshoot called the Khorasan Group, a Pentagon spokesman said on Sunday. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected a French proposal for placing international observers at a Jerusalem shrine that has become a flashpoint spurring a wave of Palestinian attacks. Nuclear deal with Iran officially takes effect French police raid Volkswagen offices in emission scandal Few in Venezuela Want Its Currency as Economy Struggles Venezuelas currency, the bolvar, has crashed along with its economy. But the official exchange rate is unchanged, leading to economic absurdities like a movie ticket that costs $60 at the government rate, or 54 cents at the blackmarket rate Iraqi forces retake key oil refinery from IS militants Israel and the United States signaled on Sunday they were putting disputes over the Iran nuclear deal behind them, announcing resumed talks on U.S. defense aid for Israel as it hosted Washington's top general and a joint air force drill Germany offers Turkey $3.4 billion to stem migrant tide Saudi air strikes mistakenly kill 30 progovernment troops in Yemen Rash of Palestinian stabbing attempts continues over weekend Japan furious at UNESCO listing Nanjing Massacre documents | Japan may halt funding for UNESCO over the organization's decision to include documents relating to the 1937 Nanjing Massacre in the latest listing for its Memory of the World program. Saudi Arabia Hajj Disaster Death Toll at Least 2,110 TTIP Already 'Rewriting the Rule Book' for EU Food Standards, New Report Finds Campaigners say that corporate lobbyists, buoyed by the pending trade agreement, are already lobbying against key food safety measures 5 hurt in terror attack at Beersheba, Israel central bus station Swiss AntiImmigration Party Wins Big in Elections Report Taliban at their strongest since 2001 Eritrean mistaken for Palestinian shot; beaten by mob in Israel Japan rejects international court jurisidiction over whaling UN draft urging member states to decriminalise possession and use of drugs worldwide foiled by at least one country Court rules Uber's app legal in London The ruling is a victory for the ridehailing service, which has faced significant opposition from London's established cab trade, but taxi drivers already are challenging the decision. When we told them we were Jews from Israel, they kissed usAmid tragic circumstances, Israeli boaters save 11 Syrian and Iraqi refugees. India is planting trees along it's railway system across the country to combat environmental issues Australia Approves Coal Mine That Environmentalists Call A Complete Disaster For Coral Reef British journalist who worked for BBC found dead at airport in Istanbul | It is not yet known how Ms Sutton, 50, died. Friends questioned Turkish media reports that she killed herself after missing a connecting flight to Erbil and not having the money to buy another ticket. Researchers accidently find industrial waste, orange peel material sucks mercury out of water 'Convert or die' ISIS graffiti jihadis declare first European 'caliphate' Women working for international aid agencies are facing a hidden threat of sexual violence and harassment which their employers routinely ignore or sweep under the carpet, according to testimonies gathered by the Guardian. Colombian government has acknowledged that crime and smuggling have gone down since Venezuela deployed thousands of troops along their common border two months ago 'My cousin made me do it,' 13yearold Palestinian stabber tells police ISIS Media Blitz Urges Palestinians To Slaughter Jews Russia aims to increase missions in Syria by '300 a day' Russia takes out 49 ISIS targets 24 hours of ferocious bombing in Syria Hamas making efforts to carry out suicide attacks against Israel, officials say Israeli Bedouin leaders condemn despicable Beersheba attack Heads of minority community in Negev urge calm after Bedouin man carries out fatal attack in bus station. China economy grows 6.9 percent in Q3, weakest since 2009  Shot Pakistani schoolgirl can stand, communicate  WWII veteran 'took a bullet in the knee' but doesn't like to make a fuss about it.  After he is cremated, this... Saudi Arabia reveals plans to be powered entirely by renewable energy Disturbing Video Shows U.S. Defense Contractors Drunk and on Drugs in Afghanistan Toronto man tries to spread HIV to as many men as he can Who Smokes Most A surprising map of smoking rates by country Explosion rocks centre of Lebanese capital Beirut 8 girls charged in Canada in bullying case Australia to become new member of the UN Security Council Kim Jong Il's Grandson Wants Change in North Korea (Interview in English) Malala Yousufzai stood for the first time after her 
shooting Friday morning and is communicating Pakistan court rules army must stop interfering in politics
| Reuters British Boy Scouts kick out 11 year old for being atheist There was no destruction of carvings in Morocco by Salafists, the news were false and unfounded. 
The reports that these stone carvings were damaged, as you can see, is not true, Communications Minister Mustapha Khalfi told journalists, on a government organised trip to the Yagour plateau. Greek poverty so bad families 'can no longer afford to bury their dead' MegaUpload Will Deflect Copyright Liability and Become RaidProof Kim Dotcom and business partner Mathias Ortmann say they have a plan that will not only make Mega raid proof, but will also give it an ironclad defense against copyright infringement claims Microsoft employees have donated over $1 Billion to non profits over the last 30 years  The Give Campaign UPDATE  Egyptian teacher fired for cutting the hair of girls who didn't wear headscarves Google's stock just dropped 10% after their current earnings were leaked New rules allow Cubans to freely leave the country. Will they return? N Korea threatens 'merciless' strike on South  World  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Opponents to Muslim headscarves get a powerful new ally Vladimir Putin Activists At least 28,000 Syrians 'forcibly disappeared'  Want To Move To A Small Town? A Manitoba Community Is Offering Lots For The Low, Low Price Of $10 Scientists turn fresh air into petrol 8,000yrold carvings in stone destroyed in Moroccos High Atlas Mountains by Salafists, Muslims who strictly prohibit idolatry  The carvings depicted the sun as a divinity. One of the carvings, called the plaque of the sun, predates the arrival of the Phoenicians in Morocco.  Apple loses tablet copyright appeal against Samsung
| Reuters British couple who spent most of the money they made from canabis growing on paying for life changing operations and schooling for people in a poor Kenyan village gets sent to prison for 3 years. Taliban thinks the media is biased because everyone is angry at them for trying to kill a 14 years old girl The BBC is facing deliberate jamming of its transmissions to audiences in Europe and the Middle East.  Protests As Ireland's 1st Abortion Clinic Opens 
Egyptian teacher 'cut hair of schoolgirls who refused to cover heads' Teacher in Luxor province accused of punishing two pupils for not wearing Muslim headscarf
 Twitter Shuts Out German NeoNazi Groups Account BBC News  Are Greek police 'colluding' with farright Golden Dawn? Teenage girl gangraped, set on fire in Bengal A firsttime treasure hunter finds one of the largest Roman gold coin hoards ever discovered in the UK  thought to be worth 100,000 
Britains HighTech Thought Police Authorities target bloggers, tweeters, and tshirt wearers for speech crimes  Barry Thew was sentenced to 8 months in jail for wearing a tshirt that said, One less pig  perfect justice, a few hours after two police officers were shot dead Turkish pianist on trial for insulting Islam Bank of England's Deputy governor says that the Worst may still be ahead for banking and that Banks must be able to fail in an orderly way, without taxpayer support. Days after police stormed one of Rio de Janeiro's most dangerous shantytowns, city health and welfare workers are working to ease the despair and devastation left behind among hundreds of crack cocaine addicts suddenly without drugs. Belfast judge Gay, unmarried couples can adopt BBC Nature  In pictures Wildlife Photographer of the Year winners Pakistan's aggressive polio vaccination program has cut cases of polio to 1/3 of the 198 reported last year. However, 75 percent of Pakistan's polio cases can be traced back to certain areas controlled by the Taliban.  Farmer in India named worlds oldest new dad at age 96   Hungary farright marches to denounce Roma. Texas man with Iranian passport pleads guilty in plot to kill Saudi ambassador At least 28,000 Syrians 'forcibly disappeared'  Cellphone video recorded earlier this year at an operations center of a U.S. defense contractor in Kabul, Afghanistan appears to show key personnel staggeringly drunk or high on narcotics, in what former employees say was a pattern of outrageous behavior Greece, Spain 'in depression' Nobel winner Stiglitz  Big Highways for China's Small Villages   China is on an infrastructure tear, investing hundreds of billions of dollars. 30,000 miles of expressway were paved in the 10 yrs before 2008, with  highways stretching 53,000 miles by 2020  surpassing the 47,000 miles of interstate currently in the U.S. b' Mugabe rival quits election race ' b'Tiny Shetland island declares independence' b'War Against Islamic Extremism Is Being Lost in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Central Asia resulting in immense hatred for the US army and America, hatred that penetrates all classes of society ' b'The Doomsday Code Scary British documentary examines Christian endtimers and their growing political influence.' b'AP  Everything seemingly is spinning out of control' b'Why China is trying to colonise Africa' b'Newsweek The Booze Is Back in Baghdad; men are shaving their beards; women are wearing jeans and taking off their headscarves; couples are holding hands in public' b'The ugly truth behind the Iraq and Afghanistan wars finally has emerged  These Wars Are About Oil, Not Democracy' Palestinians Angered Over Obama's Opinions on Jerusalem  Palestinian leaders reject his call for Jerusalem to be Israeli capitol Secret of the 'lost' tribe that wasn't Tribal guardian admits the Amazon Indians' existence was already known, but he hoped the publicity would lift the threat of logging b'Iran says an attack by Israel is Impossible while ElBaradei claims it would turn the region into a fireball' b'Italian Court Blocks Construction of U.S. Military Base' b'NATO General We need 6000 more troops to gain trust among the Afghan population or the situation will get worse' Journalist 'reported own murders'  Israel 'committing memorycide' b'Blackwater Demands  its contractors in Afghanistan be tried under Islamic Sharia lawyou know, the legal code of the Taliban.' b'Mugabe, in cunning play for worst government of all time medal, assassinating Zimbabwean grassroots leaders.' b'Israeli troops accused of abuse' The body of the wife of Harare's newly chosen mayor was found Wednesday, her face so badly bashed in that even her own brother only recognized her by her brown corduroy skirt and plaited hair b'Philippine Titanic Sunk in 15 minutes, hundreds dead, only four survivors' Is Al Qa'ida in pieces?  b'Zimbabwe opposition to pull out.' b'Mideast could burn if Iran attacked ' b'The Long Emergency James Kunstler predicts the current global gas crunch in this insightful and sometimes hilarious 2005 interview.' b'Attacks in Nigeria force oil companies to suspend production' A group of 23 impoverished west African fishing communities has driven off a fleet of illegal, unreported & unregulated pirate trawlers by filming & reporting them when they are found in their waters.  9 of the 10 ships identified  were found to have licences to export catches to Europe. Eagle Dad and children rescued from Mt. Fuji after ascending with only water and a chocolate bar thinking there would be steps up the mountain and shops along the way. Pakistan Erupts in Anger Over Talibans Shooting of Schoolgirl Masked gunmen kill U.S. embassy employee in Yemen Russia says it will not renew arms agreement with U.S. Dalai Lama warns not to generalize Islam as a negative force and called on believers of different faiths to reach out to one another Taliban says they will try to kill injured schoolgirl who defied them  IMF We got it wrong on austerity and made things worse  Megaupload Wants Charges Dropped, Points Out Judge Failure Manchester man jailed over antipolice Tshirt worn after police killings Brazilian elderly woman dies after accidentally injected with soup at hospital. Foxconn under fire again after requesting premature discharge of braindamaged factory worker from hospital due to cost Romney's China Policy Bad  US presidential candidate sparking fears his policy may  trigger trade war while being unenforceable.  He's pledging, on his 1st day, to designate China a currency manipulator, a step no administration has taken against any country for 18 years. Governor of Bank of Greece given a severance payment of 3.4 million from bank he now regulates Unemployment in Greece hit a record high of 25.1 percent. Indications are that unemployment in Greece will be heading higher for some to come. Syrian plane suspected of carrying arms forced to land in Ankara Toronto mother of six drowned in her own blood after throat slit in alleged honour killing, court hears President Barack Obama signs order implementing new Iran sanctions  France's Hollande promises pupils no more homework  Mali Islamists 'buying child soldiers, imposing Sharia' Islamists who seized control of part of Mali are amassing money from ransoms and drug trafficking while imposing Sharia law, says a senior UN official. They are also buying child soldiers, paying families $600 (375) per child. People are beaten in Xi'an for the offense of driving Japanese cars What Chinas slowdown means. China is slowing down, dramatically. If it continues, it will have a profound impact on the rest of the world.  Chinese billionaire buys 43 new cars for owners of damaged Japanese cars damaged during protests all Chinese brands Taliban vows to target girl again 
Rising food prices are climate change's first tangible bite into UK lives

The UK's dreadful harvest from a sodden summer is a warning that the impact of global warming is getting close to home
