 b'Free him!  Iraq rally for Bush shoe attacker' b'Oh my! I was doing some research on whether the mentally retarded are allowed to vote and stumbled on THIS gem of a page!' b'Aussie Protesters wear gags to rally against national Internet filtering (pics)' b'China on the verge of unemployment explosion' b'Man gets laid off, crashes Christmas party and kills the CEO.' b'Grrrreat. This is all we need. India prepared to attack Pakistan.' b'The Bush shoe attack may appear to be just an amusing incident to those in the West, but to the majority of the world it is a symbol of what Bush and the US administration represent, filth.' b' $ 1 Million Offered for the Shoe that was Thrown to hit BUSH in IRAQ ' b'New wave of riots expected as 100,000 face sack in Greece' b'Israel UN Human Rights Council rapporteur denied entry to Israel' b'Iraqi shoethrowing reporter becomes the talk of Iraq' Over 5,300 people have been killed in Mexico's drug war this year alone because of President Caldern's decision to dismantle drug trafficking organizations World Health Organization Cancer To Be World's Top Killer By 2010 b'Irish minister held hostage at gunpoint' b'Army Riots Escalate Zimbabwe Crisis' b'now it is very difficult for people to invest in things that are meant to be regulated in America' b'Israel Urged to Ease Pressure on Palestinian Banks ' b'That Was No Small War in Georgia  It Was the Beginning of the End of the American Empire' b'The most racist site youll see today' b'New Thai prime minister elected ' GREECE'S MAELSTROM OF VIOLENCE  The Revolt of a Disappointed Generation b'Israel frees 224 Palestinian prisoners' Pakistan's president speaks out on Mumbai, terrorism and the ISI b'Amazon Deforestation On The Rise' b'US antikidnapping expert kidnapped in Mexico' b'Turks apologize for Armenian massacres' b'Greek youths break into state TV center, take over' Iraqi journalist who threw shoes at George Bush had 'arm broken' by police b'A superpower never has allies. It only has agents.' b'Turkish Academics To Apologize For Armenian Genocide' b'Greece Protester uses a laser pointer to show where a riot cop is.' Does anyone else think two thrown shoes have already become the symbol by which history will understand Iraq's rebuke of the Bush campaign? AlZaidi's brother gives context. b'BBC/Arab media Iraqi shoethrower is being tortured' b'Shoe thrower hates both US, Iran role' b'Arabs hail shoe attack as Bushs farewell gift' b'When I wrote this, they called me a conspiracy theorist. (A Review of a Financial Times OpEd)' b'Cameras, cameras everywhere, and not a person to watch them' b'Scientology Implicated in Reed Slatkin $50bn Ponzai Scheme' b'Online poker billionaire Mr Dikshit ordered to pay US authorities $300 million' UK Blind man's guide dog barred from restaurant for offending Muslims b'The man behind the Narco Submarine' b'Brave Iraqi reporter withstands beating by guards  refuses to name coconspirator who supplied him with the shoes.  U.S. may send him to Guantanamo for enhanced interrogation to keep America safe' b'Official Shoethrower in Iraqi military custody' b'Act now, or Congo could be Rwanda all over again' b'Hackers responsible for deforesation in Amazon, says Greenpeace' 'I was still holding my grandson's hand  the rest was gone' 'Explosives found' in Paris store b'Obama Plans to Give a Major Speech In an Islamic Country Soon After Taking Office' b'UN commits to preserving mass grave sites in Afghanistan' b'In Mexico, we Kidnap your AntiKidnap Experts' Vice principal of South Korea school in ferry disaster commits suicide That 'Jewish registry' flyer in East Ukraine is 'fake,' says NCJS, a Jewish organization with direct contact to the Donetsk government NASA's Kepler Discovers First EarthSize Planet In The 'Habitable Zone' of Another Star World Bank wants water privatized, despite risks 7.5 Magnitude Earthquake in Guerrero, Mexico Propaedophile group to be banned, Dutch supreme court says Japan Says It Will Resume Whaling Off Antarctica Nobel laureate Gabriel Garca Marquez dies at 87 Armed civilians pretending to be peaceful protesters delivering a petition to the United Nations in South Sudan forced their way into a U.N. base sheltering some 5,000 civilians and opened fire. Canada sends six CF18 jets to Poland in response to Ukraine crisis The manager of the Fukushima nuclear power plant admits to embarrassment that repeated efforts have failed to bring under control the problem of radioactive water, eight months after Japan's prime minister told the world the matter was resolved Thousands of animals starving in Ukraine's zoos 2,300 tubes containing SARS virus samples missing in France SNOWDEN I Questioned Putin To Get His Answer On Record Ukraine crisis US secretary of state Kerry announces Geneva agreement  live updates | 'Occupied' buildings to be vacated; arms turned over | Kiev would grant amnesty to protesters | Putin 'Russia will find mutual understanding with Ukraine' Chief Warden Shot in Africa's Oldest National Park High Altitude Avalanche on Mt. Everest 2 dead, 7 Missing Gabriel Garca Mrquez, the Colombian novelist whose One Hundred Years of Solitude established him as a giant of 20thcentury literature, died on Thursday at his home in Mexico City. He was 87 Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov says all sides agree to steps to deescalate Ukraine crisis, after talks in Geneva Edward Snowden defends decision to question Vladimir Putin on surveillance British arms dealers sell weapons to 23 countries labelled dangerous by the Foreign Office Scientists find an 'Earth twin', or maybe a cousin 7 Die in Shooting at ChinaVietnam Border A Chinese man who was being repatriated from Vietnam along with 15 other migrants seized a gun from a border guard on Friday, triggering a gunfight and standoff in which five Chinese and two Vietnamese guards died US freeing Iran funds as Tehran cuts uranium stockpile Russia and China forge closer ties, as EU explores sanctions President Mugabe, you are under arrest on charges of torture. Mugabe's jaw dropped. His face was contorted with fear. b'Shocking pictures of a policeman on fire after a petrol bomb was thrown at him' b'UK Home Secretary  Time to tackle the nonviolent extremists' b'SEC warned, Madoff Securities is the world's largest Ponzi Scheme. In 1999.' Office of lawyer defending Greek boy's killers ransacked b'Russian MPs vote to scrap juries for terror and treason cases' b'Russia has scrapped the right to trial by jury for people accused of organising violent crime, terrorism and civil unrest.' b'Zimbabwe blames cholera on British biological weapon' b'Indian navy foils a hijack attemp on a merchant vessel by Somali pirates, this time the pirates avoid being blown up.' b'Christmas Party Death  Canadian shoots and kills former boss' b'800 dogs die in kennel flood' b'Navy1 and Pirates0. CNNIndian navy captures 23 pirates,their ship,7 AK47s and prevents 1 hijacking.' First the UK, now Germany  German Internet Watchdog To Remove URLs To 'Virgin Killer' From Search Engines b'Mugabe Cholera is biological attack by west. ' b'A loose global network of battlehardened former soldiers and their relatives, the Pink Panthers, have been organizing diamond heists around the world.' b'Deep in the land of the Taliban' b'Her limbs were found at the home of a witch doctor  who fled cops following a tipoff' b'Guitarist stabbed 50 times by bandmates in Italy' b'Ecuador defaults on foreign debt ' b'Pentagon May Have Mixed Propaganda With PR?' b'Arundhati Roy On a day when the newspapers were full of moving obituaries by beautiful people about the hotel rooms they stayed in, hunger in India got only a small box in the corner. ' b'6 alleged Islamic extremists charged in Belgium' b'Jellyfish gone wild ruin international tourist destinations' Muslim lawyer Anjem Choudary brands Christmas 'evil' b'A crash as historic as the end of communism' Obama Countries like Germany, China and India  they're working every day to outeducate our kids so they can outcompete our businesses. And each year, frankly, it shows that they're making more progress than we are. North Korea has written an official letter of complaint to Britain over a London hair salon's advert implying leader Kim JongUn has a bad hairstyle A 7.5 earthquake has occurred off the coast of Papua New Guinea  Tsunami expected locally Schools in Birmingham discrimate against nonMuslim students and restrict GCSE teaching to fit in with Islamic beliefs, according to official report Chinese authorities have arrested at least 20 people for the crime of writing male/male fanfic, mostly young women. Japan expands army footprint for first time in 40 years, risks angering China. Russia writes off 90 percent of North Korea debt, eyes gas pipeline Russia's parliament has agreed to write off almost $10 billion of North Korea's Sovietera debt, in a deal expected to facilitate the building of a gas pipeline to South Korea across the reclusive state. Nearly onethird of morningafter pills in Peru are fake Most in east Ukraine region against joining Russia. A majority of inhabitants in Ukraine's proRussian protest hub Donetsk do not want to join Russia but consider the government in Kiev to be illegitimate, according to a poll published Saturday. Russian Vice Speaker Screams at Guards to Rape Pregnant Journalist during press conference U.S. ground troops going to Poland, defense minister says 115 Nigerian school girls still missing after kidnapping 58 killed, 100 injured in attack on UN base in South Sudan Obama Administration indefinitely suspending a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline CIA torture architect breaks silence to defend 'enhanced interrogation' Scores of abducted girls freed in Nigeria  At least 44 of the 129 schoolgirls abducted in the northeastern Nigerian town of Chibok have been released, and have reunited with their parents Poland and the United States will announce next week the deployment of U.S. ground forces to Poland as part of an expansion of NATO presence in Central and Eastern Europe in response to events in Ukraine. Over 100 hate crime murders linked to farRight White Nationalist web forum Stormfront.org, whose registered users included Anders Breivik (2011 Norway massacre) and Frazier Glenn Miller (last week's shooting at a Jewish center in Kansas). Over 50 thousand Russians demand to be put on US sanctions list Library named after Osama bin Laden in Pakistan United States to deploy ground troops to Poland Russia to Build 150 Military Facilities on Kuril Islands (disputed by Japan) Interpol in hunt for Austrian jihadist teenage girls Germany shuts scheme for young unemployed Europeans after being flooded with interest from jobseekers particularly from struggling Spain and Hungary Rape victims in Germany are finding it increasingly difficult to see their assailants convicted, a national study showed WTF! At inquest into death of Brazilian shot dead by UK police in 2005, judge instructs jury not to even contemplate a verdict of unlawful killing. Shouldn't the jury have been left to decide that? b'In Athens, middleclass rioters are buying rocks at three stones a euro!' b'Greek police run out of tear gas as rioting continues for a seventh day' b'Rome declares state of emergency' b'President of UN General Assembly urges Israel to be recognized as an Apartheid state' The oligarch who gave it all up  oil will be worthless, metals will be worthless . . . I'v got sheep, a horse, cows, poultry and goats.   b'Just so we're clear, the Greeks are STILL rioting and copy cat incidents are happening across Europe.' Good to see something actually being done about forced marriages, even if it's only a start... b'Iranian to be blinded with acid for doing same to woman' b'Indian fighter jets violate Pakistan air space; Possibly related blasts heard' b'U.N. confirmed Friday that a mass grave in northern Afghanistan has been disturbed, raising the possibility that evidence supporting allegations of a massacre seven years ago may have been removed.' 'The BBC cannot see the difference between a criminal and a terrorist' b'Scam victims out of $50bn, get fined $5m?' b'Acid attack burns 46 shoppers' b'Kurdish and Arab leaders gather at Kirkuk restaurant to talk peace suicide bomber shows up, killing 55 ' b'Police thwart antiKremlin rally' b'Greek militants warn of new protests after an attack on an Athens police station in the latest clashes over the police killing of a teenager.' b'Forced Marriage Doctor Woman tricked into returning to Bangladesh and held captive by her parents is being allowed to return to the UK. ' b'Ebola in Philippine!' b'Violent protests resume in Greece' b'52 Egyptians were killed when their bus plunged into a canal south of Cairo on Sunday in the deadliest road accident in Egypt in two decades' b'Cancer jab leaves girl paralysed from waist down ' b'Police in Russia supress AntiKremlin rally! Arrest more than 100 people!' b'Mugabe Blames Racist Britain For Cholera' b'Would you get your tan in a Nazi holiday camp?' Malaysia's braindamaged government declares  H1N1 flu is caused by masturbation and  homosexuality. Congo is a tragedy for reasons that many know well  5 million have died since 1998, thousands gangraped, and nearly 2 million displaced. It's also a vast, organized scam. If Clinton doesn't address the scam, the suffering will not end. b'If it prevents sheep from dying, why the protest over mulesing? Yes I had to google mulesing.' Major Quake (7.6) Hits Off India's Andaman Islands Triggering Tsunami Watches for India, Burma, Indonesia, Thailand, and Bangladesh. Refuting statistics  BBC explains the real numbers behind YouTube's popular 'Muslim Demographics' video. b'Hugo Chavez claims Columbian army crossed into Venezuela, calls troops to the border' b'Iran admits election demonstrators were tortured' b'Haiti 10,000 employees occupy sweatshops and march on Parliament. The bosses fled the factory in a panic through the back door.' President Hugo Chavez told his military to be prepared for a possible confrontation with Colombia, warning that Bogota's plans to increase the U.S. military presence at its bases poses a threat to Venezuela. b'Saying no is bad for your career in Iran. Ahmadinejad is purging senior officials who disagreed with the crackdown on the opposition after the disputed presidential election.' b'Two Quakes Rock Indian Ocean, Japan Less Than 15 Minutes Apart....Triggering a Tsunami Warning.' b'The Death of Photojournalism' b'A 29yearold convert to Islam confessed in court to plotting devastating bombings against US soldiers and diplomats stationed in Germany' b'Gaza militants launched mortar shells at a border crossing between Gaza and Israel just as Palestinian patients were being transferred into Israel for medical treatment' b'The Afghan woman who refuses to be silenced' b'Taiwan Hotel Falls down in the River cause of the Typhoon Morakotnn' b'Burma  a bloody history' b'The farce. Show trials in Iran against opponents, embassies employees and tourists to spread the stupid fable of a foreign conspiracy, while the regime murderers and torturers will never pay' Why was Jerusalem's mayor attacked by Orthodox Jews yesterday? Because he approved the opening of a parking lot near their enclave that stays open through the Sabbath. Seems fair... b'World food an analysis of imminent issues on the worlds food supply' b'Sugar price reaches 28year high' b'In 2060 we will have a France of 108 million inhabitants, composed of 55 million persons belonging to black, Arab and Asian ethnicities and 53 million Europeans. Well before this date Europeans under the age of 40 will be a minority in relation to the Third Worlders of the same age group.' China's state secrets agency Rio Tinto spied on Chinese steel mills for six years, resulting in the mills overpaying $102 billion for iron ore, Rio Tinto's biggest earner b'Taiwan mudslide leaves up to 600 missing  Check out this pic of a sixstorey hotel collapsing into a river' b'The Jeddah offices of a Lebanonbased TV station which broadcast an interview with a Saudi man boasting about his sexual conquests have been closed.' b'Two convicted for refusal to decrypt data' b'China plans universal health care' b'Mom throws away Gundam figures, son burns down house.' b'Melbourne Catholic Archbishop Denis Hart told a woman who had been sexually abused by a priest to go to hell, bitch' b'Tough times in the porn industry' b'A reformist candidate defeated in the Iranian presidential election has claimed that arrested protesters have been savagely raped while in custody.' b'The head of a Russian charity and her husband are found dead in Chechnya a day after being abducted' b'A man dies impaled on a large shard of glass after throwing a woman through a shop window. ' b'Burma Suu Kyi house arrest extended 18 months... American who swam to meet her... 7 years hard labour.' b'Dispelling the tired myth of Eurabia' In the 21st century your worst nightmare will soon be a sky filled with flying robot bombs that will kill or maim everyone within about a quarter mile of their target.  Hope you're OK with this. My husband is not the secretary of state, I am. You ask my opinion, I will tell you my opinion. I'm not going to channel my husband. b'A Thai court has rejected a US request for the extradition of Viktor Bout, an alleged Russian arms dealer dubbed the Merchant of Death.' Afghan War NATO Builds History's First Global Army. Never before have soldiers from so many states served in the same war theater b'Hillary gets a bit snippy when asked what her husband thinks.' b'Why Corporations, Emerging Powers and PetroStates Are Snapping Up Huge Chunks of Farmland in the Developing World In the past six months, big players in the global economy have grabbed 50 million acres of arable land, from Africa to Southeast Asia. ' b'Israel, war crimes and the media' Congo's Rape Epidemic Worsens During U.S.Backed Military Operation b'Punishment for 1944 Massacre German Court Sentences 90YearOld War Criminal to Life ' b'Aung San Suu Kyi sentenced to keep her out of elections.' b'40m jewels stolen in biggest gems heist in British history' Dapper robbers pull off Britain's biggest gem heist ($68 million) b'18 Mth House Arrest for Suu Kyi' b'Exiled Uighur leader Rebiya Kadeer has thanked Australia for standing up to Chinese pressure and allowing her to champion the cause of her people.' Is Hubris Back in the City of London? As bank stocks rise and profits return, there are signs that London's financial center is returning to its precrash mentalityand resisting further reform.   b'Message To The Australian Government From Anonymous' b'Costa Rican president has swine flu... no word on whether Madagascar has closed its port yet' b'Brazil TV host ordered killings to get rid of rivals and boost ratings.' German Jews back campaign to reprint Hitler's 'Mein Kampf'   b'Today the Geneva Conventions turn 60 years old. Despite the fact that 194 states have ratified them, it still faces a struggle for respect.' b'London jewel thieves make off with $66 million worth of diamonds in broad daylight.' b'Australian government proposes legislation to allow nowarrant antiterrorism raids' Paris swimming pool denies Muslim woman entrance for wearing a 'Burqini' b'Sibel Edmonds offers details of Turkeys covert operations in U.S.' b'Wild salmon are returning to the French capital for the first time in almost a century, scientists say.' b'Salmon back in the Seine as Paris river cleans up its act  ' China's military launched war games Tuesday aimed at deploying forces at long distances. b'Gem expert Campbell Bridges killed by Kenyan mob armed with knives, clubs, spears and even bows and arrows.' b'Hundreds of children in northern Uganda have been affected by a rare and unexplained nodding disease' b'Meet the new boss...  A decision by the Iraqi government to screen imported books and plans for Internet filters are being seen by intellectuals as a sign that the years of freer expression ushered in by the 2003 USled invasion that toppled Saddam could be coming to an end.' b'Heckuva job, Ma Yingjeou. Heckuva job. ' b'Pirates in European waters' b'29 Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives will visit Israel next Thursday,  fully sponsored by AIPAC, America's only proIsrael lobby, for a huge slice of American Tax Dollars' b'Video Retrospective The 77Day Ssangyong (Korea) Factory Workers Occupation. Story Ignored in US.n' b'DPJ chief hits at USled globalism The wind of populism blows in Japan, in rhetoric if not in policy, raising a hope of finally putting an end to the world's longeststanding oneparty state.' b'Earthquake jolts Bangladesh for second consecutive day' b'UK Government May be Leaning Away from Microsoft, Towards Free Software' b'Iran speaker denies prisoner rape' b'Another jolt to democracy in Burma' b'Fact Checking Lobbyist Lanny Davis on Honduras' b'An American living in France I was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and I've just gotten a letter from one of those death panels. They are called Medical Councils here and they determine whether someone is eligible or not for 100 percent medical coverage provided by the state...' b'In five of the seven incidents, Israeli soldiers shot at civilians who were walking down the street with white flags, trying to leave the areas of fighting, USA Based Human Rights Watch Rights group  said.' b'Iceland is being blackmailed' b'And now, the Pirate Party UK' b'Company pays entire lawsuit settlement in coins as way of showing disapproval of verdict. Woman who won the trial, now stuck with huge sack of coins, not happy' b'A ship passing through the English Channel has disappeared.' Stephen Hawking lie causes British bloggers to weigh in on healthcare. Don't attack our NHS! b'U.S. Hatred of Europe is on the Rise' Icelanders are angry but will make sacrifices  Iceland's Prime Minister blasts UK and Netherlands governments b'In Slovakia, speaking Hungarian in public can be  punished after September 1. Prime minister Fico says  the real problem were those wanting to bully Slovaks  into learning Hungarian.' b'Some clues as to how Rupert Murdoch intends to begin charging for online news content in just under a year from now. ' b'R.I.P Les Paul dies at the age of 94 19152009' b'DNA tests in China will help parents determine the future of their children.' b'So when is the movie coming out about the recent jewelley heist in Britain?  Suspects hired a makeup artist to apply latex masks as a disguise.' b'A leading Scottish gemstone expert has been killed in Kenya by a gang armed with clubs, spears, bows and arrows.' b'The body of the guy Andrew Jackson shot in a duel in Kentucky has been located! The thousands of Indians he killed remain, for the most part, at large.' b'Requiem for Archbishop Oscar Romero  R.I.P' b'Supporters of ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya clashed with soldiers and police for a second day on Wednesday as street protests over the June 28 army coup turned rowdy' b'Police in standoff with suspect who made threats against White House; Westwood apartment buildings evacuated' ... the 43yearold woman, who police said suffocated under the pile of some 1,000 books, was the first confirmed fatality of early Tuesday's quake. b'The Blackwater Crusaders that undertook a ritual of Genocide in Iraq are now doing the same in Afghanistan, under the name of XE Crusaders' b'Taliban chiefs agree ceasefire deals for Afghan presidential election' Don't feel so bad USA , the UK elects some bizarre idiots too , listen to the recently elected Doncaster Mayor in this building car crash radio interview ( quicktime mp3) b'Russian warships are scouring the Atlantic for a freighter with 15 Russian crew last spotted more than two weeks ago steaming through the English Channel' b'British MEP Dan Hannan Goes On Fox News To Trash The UK Health Care System' b'Americans pay $635.85 on cell phone service, compared to $131.44 per year in the Netherlands or $137.94 per year in Sweden.' b'Who is funding the Afghan Taliban? You dont want to know... (but maybe you should)' New Afgan law husbands can deny food to wives who don't submit to their sexual demands. b'WTF Britain sleepwalked into a surveillance society  there is a request to snoop on the public every 60 secs' b'An enormous system of caves, chambers and tunnels lies hidden beneath the Pyramids of Giza, according to a British explorer who claims to have found the lost underworld of the pharaohs.' b'A woman with a prosthetic arm wins her case for  discrimination against clothing firm Abercrombie  and Fitch.' b'Solution to Israel/Palestine conflict at hand 85% of Palestinians said to have Jewish ancestry; Can they return home now?' b'Britons, from all sides of the political spectrum, defend against US attacks on UK public healthcare system (NHS)' b'Thousands of people are flocking to a remote and mountainous village in Nepal to see a malformed baby which many are now worshiping as a god, leaving him offerings of money, food and clothes.' The Madness of Japan's Happiness Party which advocates cutting taxes, encouraging women to have more than three babies, doubling the population to 300 million and attacking North Korea.  b'School pupil, 90, dies in Kenya' Iran's defeated opposition presidential candidate has said that some protesters held after last month's disputed poll were tortured to death in prison. b'UN rights chief slams Israel over Gaza violationsn| Reuters' b'One rabbi told soldiers in a pep talk during the Gaza war that their holiness would preserve them in the battle between the 'children of light' and the 'children of darkness.'' b'UK imposes Turks and Caicos rule' b'Manson family member released' Antarctic glacier 'thinning fast' b'Man accused of raping woman he met on couchsurfing.com website' b'Tories say earning in the 99.9th percentile is chicken feed, while out in the real world the average debt is greater than the median wage' b'A wounded pirate, found on a beach with machete wounds, said the crew attacked him and his colleagues with tools and then seized their weapons' Deadly game of Kenya's gem trade b'Israeli police have launched a major security operation following a report that a soldier has been kidnapped.' NHS attack by right wing MEP on US TV 'unpatriotic'; MEP rebuked by party leader Crews 'overpower Somali pirates' b'Mosque gun battle rages in Gaza, hundreds of Hamas fighters and policemen surrounded then raided a mosque where followers of a radical Islamist cleric were holed up' b'Why is this not getting more attention? Hamas vs AlQaeda in Gaza  13 dead, 85 injured.' b'Sounds familiar  Iraq, a nation that once had a robust farming sector is becoming dependent on imports and oil to sustain itself.' b'Hamas assault on Gaza mosque leaves 24 Palestinians dead, including an 11year old girl, 150 wounded' b'Iceland what ugly secrets are waiting to be exposed in the meltdown?' UK Government's statement that ID card has not been hacked proves that it really is just another useless bit of plastic Taser International launches court action to quash inquiry's recommendations for preventing taser deaths. Germany's Jews are showing strong resolve against evil by calling on the government to allow the publication of Mein Kampf b'American white supremacist, Preston Wiginton, prevented from entering Britain to attend fascist BNP festival ' b'Ireland Employees occupy superstore. Thomas Cook occupation may be spark. Mitchelstown has history of worker's taking control' b'Ransom demand received for cargo ship mysteriously missing since July 30th' b'American who visited Suu Kyi to be freed from Myanmar' b'Taiwan typhoon death toll increases' b'Israel financing and promoting repression in Brazil and Latin America.' b'A judge in Australia gave a man who became a quadriplegic after a road accident the legal right to starve to death while watching TV.' b'Huge blast at Nato base in Kabul' b'LAMPANG, Thailand  Motola, a female elephant who stepped on a land mine 10 years ago and endured painful operations, was fitted Saturday in Thailand for a permanent artificial leg.' b'Daventry District Council may shift blame for 8 million deposit in Iceland banks' b'British defend their healthcare system' b'After an 8hour standoff, cops finally get the Nut Head who sent a threat to the White House he was planning to blow it up. ' World's oldest student dies at 90, entered primary school at 84 Daily Mail goes allout cat claws on Baby P's mum (one of the worst child abuse cases in Britain's history). b'Hamas security forces killed the leader of an al Qaedainspired group in the Gaza Strip Saturday in a shootout that claimed the lives of 22 people' b'Hamas fighting an extremist Islamic group' b'Abdel Latif Moussa, the leader of the Jund Ansar Allah, triggered the violent clashes after he said Hamas is insufficiently Islamic and created an Islamic emirate, or state, in Rafah which would eventually spread throughout the Palestinian territories.' b'Jerusalemborn Jew elected to Fatah Revolutionary Council ' b'It sounds like a communist utopia, but a basic income program pioneered by German aid workers has helped alleviate poverty in a Nambian village. Crime is down and children can finally attend school. Only the local white farmers are unhappy.' b'To punish filesharers, Britain considers criminalizing  up to 7 million citizens, with penalties including  internet restrictions and fines of up to 50,000' b'First Jew is elected to Palestinian liberation movement Fatah  M&C' b'A motto for worldnews reddit Nobody believes the official spokesman... but everybody trusts an unidentified source.  Ron Nesen' Afghanistan has quietly passed a law permitting Shiite men to deny their wives food and sustenance if they refuse to obey their husbands' sexual demands b'New Zealand government decides saving sea lions from extinction is too radical' b'11yearold girl leaps from car and survives just seconds before it plunges over the edge of a cliff' b'According to international law, Israel holds the property of more than 4 million Palestinian refugees in custodianship, until a final peace deal determines whether some or all of them will be allowed back to their 400+ destroyed villages or compensated for their loss. Well, Israel started selling.' The world's largest democracy sets its sights on universal free education b'Two years after an earthquake shattered lives in Peru, people are still living in tents' b'Quebec's baptized pagans Neither practising nor believing, but Catholic even so ' b'Ecuador There are tiny groups here with huge economic power that at a given point could undermine the government. We may have a lot of popular support, but if we don't have people that take to the streets to defend their government, we could easily be destabilized.' b'Burmese government releases American who swam uninvited to visit Aung San Suu Kyi, after sentencing him to seven years of hard labour' b'What elections? All of this is a show. The people of Afghanistan have nothing to do with the process... [Karzai] is America's man in Afghanistan. Why should they get rid of him?' b'Vietnamese government expands internet censorship to block Catholic websites' b'North Korea softens border restrictions' On closer examination, there's very little evidence of election fraud in the recent Iranian election. b'Communist North Korea denounced impending joint military exercises by South Korea and the United States, and said it would wipe them out with nuclear weapons if they threatened it' b'New British homes less than half the size of new homes in Australia and the USA' Vast tracts of Israeli agricultural land in north Israel's Galilee area have been bought up by Arabs with financial backing from the Gulf. b'Dozens die in Kuwait wedding fire' b'19 die in gangrelated prison riot in Mexico' b'New Secretary General discusses possibility of reducing NATO presence in Kosovo' b'Flying taxi crashes on test flight, killing its UK inventor' b'Israeli commandos in Honduras? There are paramilitary structures that are working in coordination with the armed forces, says the undisputed leader of the human rights struggle in Honduras, Andrs Pavn, in regard to the latest casualty of the dictatorship of the Honduran putschists.' b'A campaign to make the UK government officially apologize for castrating and driving to suicide Alan Turing  the man who helped break Nazi codes and revolutionize computing  just because he was a homosexual' b'3 Points for Germany! Random German tourists find my wallet and cellphone in Central Park, return to NYPD. Everything, incl. $180 cash, untouched.' UK Sharia courts have ruled that a man may have up to 4 wives; that a wife has no property rights in the event of divorce; that a woman may not leave her home without her husband's consent; and that a woman cannot marry without the presence and permission of a male guardian. Nowhere in Fiji Water's marketing will you find reference to the typhoid outbreaks that plague Fijians; the corporate entities that they've set up in tax havens like the Cayman Islands; or  mention of the military junta for which Fiji Water is a major source of global recognition and legitimacy. Remember the radio stunt that revealed the rape of a 12 year old girl? The radio host broke the promise to donate money to a disabled boy's family. b'Chinese villagers storm lead plant responsible for the poisoning of over 600 children' b'North Korea to Reopen Its Border to the South' b'Wedding fire in Kuwait kills 43 and wounds 90, was done deliberately by angry exwife' Talk about awkward. Rafsanjani sitting 1 seat away from Ahmadenijad.  What's the official protocol on this? [pics] b'Under the rules, swimmers  including nonMuslims  are barred from entering the pool in normal swimming attire.' b'the president had heard in a dream that witches had come to kill her and now they must pay the price' b'Mexico has replaced more than 1,000 customs agents at airports and border crossings with newly trained inspectors in a major crackdown on corruption.' b'Afghan women fight for rightsn' b'US State Department refusing to pay more than 3 million in London congestion charge fines, citing diplomatic immunity to taxation.' Oops Did a math error doom FutureGen, the world's first cleancoal plant? b'Nobel Prize winner Wole Soyinka says Nigeria is becoming a Failed State' b'Oz Nowarrant terrorism raids proposed' b'Iraqi gays tortured, murdered rights group' b'Canadian court orders government to demand the release of a Canadian citizen being held at Guantanamo Bay' b'US prosecutors charge a man with carrying out what they say is the largest case of identity theft in American history' b'Credit card, gun, stolen from IDF Chief of Staff and sold to illegal arms dealers... and more army tragicomedy' b'Higher risk of cancer amongst redditors?' b'Asia faces an unprecedented food crisis and huge social unrest unless hundreds of billions of dollars are invested in better irrigation systems to grow crops for its burgeoning population' b'There is probably no more hostile environment to  mental health treatment than the military.' b'Samoa to change from driving on the right to driving on the left,  yes they will have 2 days to practice when they will probably drive in the middle ' b'Huckabee there is no room for a Palestinian state in the middle of the Jewish homeland and Israel should be able to build settlements wherever it wants. (AIPAC take out your 2012 checkbooks)' b'Cheeky Ontario residents protest U.S. surveillance balloon. About 300 people dropped their drawers Saturday to give a balloon with a surveillance camera trolling the CanadaU.S. border a piece of their derriere.' b'Right to rape is that what the British Army is fighting for? To allow Afghan men to continue unpleasant habits such as withholding food from their wives, insisting on sex and imprisoning them in their own home?' b'Car Seizure Law Used to Take Bike from Little Girl' b'Scientists show that DNA evidence can be fabricated' b'9 year old girl who lost her purse on a Ryanair flight is forced to give away a quarter of her pocket money for its return  miserable bastards!' 'The Israeli side of the wall is painted with the image of the countryside beyond   but without the Palestinian town, depicting just nature, grass and trees. Is this not ethnic cleansing at its purest?'  Slavoj Zizek The Secrets of China's Economy The Government Owns the Banks rather than the Reverse b'Azerbaijanis in Eurovision probe  A number of people in Azerbaijan who voted for a song by neighbouring Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest have been questioned by the police.' b'Lance Armstrong has brought Scottish traffic to a standstill after more than 200 cyclists answered his Twitter invitation for a casual bike ride.' b'Mike Huckabee said Tuesday there should be no Palestinian state in the West Bank and endorsed Israeli settlements there...' b'U.S. troops could be forced by Iraqi voters to withdraw a year ahead of schedule under a referendum the Iraqi government backed Monday.' Nigeria nearing 'a failed state' Hundreds of gay men have been tortured and killed in Iraq in recent months, some by the nation's security forces, Human Rights Watch said today. b'South Korea launching first satellite with Russian help. Interestingly, the US tried to prevent the Russians from sharing rocket technology with S. Korea.' b'Afghanistan Growing resistance to the 40year war...The US military has admitted that the Afghan resistance is spreading across the country. The US military is now demanding an extra 45,000 troops, on top of the 62,000 it currently has in Afghanistan.' b'The Khan airport story was a fabrication to promote his upcoming movie about profiling of muslims.' b'Russian navy arrests 8 in ship hijacking' b'Former South Korean President and Nobel Prize Winner Kim DaeJung dies today at the age of 85' b'How banks make money from younnBanks and building societies are posting record profit margins on mortgages, loans and overdraft interest rates, hitting consumers at a time they can afford it the least. ' b'The recent closure of 32 privately owned radio stations and a proposed law to punish media crimes are signs that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is moving to quash criticism of his government.' Deadly accident at Russia's largest hydroelectric power plant b'Pimp My Ostrichsustainability through wildlife ranching' b'Talibans latest threat cutting off noses and ears to anyone who dares voting' b'Former S Korea President Kim dies at 83' b'We had some Australians; they stayed here for four days. They would take turns sleeping and the only time they left was to go to the ATM, World's First Cocaine Bar in Bolivia ' Bill Clinton's visit to North Korea revealed more about the nation than intelligence has been able to uncover for decades b'At least 95 people were killed and 563 wounded in a series of truck bombings and other attacks on Wednesday that rocked areas around official buildings in central Baghdad' b'Dawkins calls for official apology for Alan Turing  the codebreaking genius and father of the modern computer who committed suicide after being prosecuted for being gayn' b'UK defends NHS against stateside attacks. [vid]' b'Chinese scientist with Stanford PhD now drives a taxi.' b'It may make great headlines but to my mind this is child abuse and irresponsible parenting. And anyway what faith can you have in a father who changes his name to Happy birthday' b'Sweden report shows that Apartheid Israel steal organs from Palestinian to Sell them later and make profit ... Israel respond Antisemite!' b'The Arctic Sea was carrying something, not timber and not from Finland, that necessitated some major work on the ship, she wrote in the Moscow Times newspaper on Wednesday.' b'Aleksei Etmanov's visit to Brazil he saw that the conditions of car workers there were significantly better than those on Russia. He also saw how trade unionists participated in political struggle.' b'They ask me if my mom wore a burka,'' said Amri, who is writing a book about Afghanistan's food and cultural heritage. I tell them she wore a miniskirt.' b'Weapon mockups loaded on the second Sukhoi Su35 prototype on display at MAKS 2009 give an indication of the future airtosurface weapons the aircraft could carry in Russian service.' b'Iraq Islamists are conducting a campaign of torture and murder against men suspected of homosexual activity' b'Israelis Sour to Rahm Emanuel.  Once Attack  Dog, Policy Wonk, Committed Jew.  Now a SelfHating Jew.  ' b'They beat us if we raised our heads; they beat us when they were getting us into the police cars, ' b'Buran, from space shuttle to fairground ride' b'Buddhas Savage Peace ' b'Divisions over Bahamas's marital rape bill. Anti arguments are interesting.' If you've read the novel 'White Tiger', Dharana is a village in 'the darkness'. In 'the darkness' education barely exists, sanitation is nonexistent and a light bulb is as high tech as it gets.  b'Theres a saying in Iceland now, Oh, thats so 2007! meaning that something is excessively grand, over the top or just plain, old splash a lot of cash.' b'It's beginning to look a lot like the bad old days in Iraq. Although the attacks were all confined to the capital and the north, while the rest of the country remained relatively calm, they demonstrated a degree of sophistication that U.S. officials thought the insurgents could no longer muster.' b'Italian banks may take ham and wine as collateral' b'Bookie pays out 2 mil on tiger to early and suffers for it' b'A cable fault that caused a major blackout of internet services across West Africa has been repaired.' Gaza's tunnel economy Eric Ruder looks at the lengths to which desperate Gazansstarved and deprived by Israel's punishing blockadeare going to in order to keep food and other necessities coming in. b'The unrest that has gripped Greece is spilling over into the rest of Europe, raising concerns the clashes could be a trigger for opponents of globalization, disaffected youth and others ...' Look up tonight to catch the biggest moon we've seen for 15 years World's Friendliest Countries Canada, Germany and Australia on top.  United Arab Emirates at the bottom. b'The EU is treating Ireland like some naughty schoolboy' b'Greek embassy in Berlin occupied by ANARCHISTS!' China builds 'psychedelic' pedestrian crossings to really confuse drivers  Mugabe  Cholera denial was 'sarcasm' b'Manitoba 5 yeard old She was beaten, forced to eat her own vomit, locked in the basement without clothing, shot with a BB gun. Nearly every bone broken' UK  Form 696, which was promoted by Sir Ian Blair, demands that public venues define 'the ethnicity of their audience'. b'Does Russia face massive social unrest?  Russian industrial towns might face social unrest and violence as companies plan massive layoffs, a Russian sociologist says.' b'[Confirmed] North Korean leader had a stroke French doctor' b'No charges will be laid in connection with the death of Robert Dziekanski, the polish immigrant who died at the Vancouver Airport last year, after being Tasered by police. [video]' b'Moscow mayor Freedom of assembly? Not for gay people' b'GM in final death throes.' b'China accuses Dalai Lama of ordering assassinations' Mugabe claims Cholera crisis is over while thousands in Zimbabwe suffer and die. Isn't it time for the world to act???? b'Greek Consulate in Berlin Is Occupied by Protesters, Police Say' b'The Most Dangerous Woman in the World  Aafia Siddiqui' b'Poorer nations inflated vaccination numbers Only half as many children as claimed received shots, study finds' b'Arundhati Roy Mumbai was not our 9/11' b'Can anyone explain the origin and history behind the Greek Riots?' b'Militant Organization of Russian Nationalists takes claim for a Tajik migrant worker found decapitated in Moscow.' b'New Deal Will Allow Shell to Develop One Quarter of Jordan for Oil Shale Exploration' b'Raw Video  At least 47 killed, 93 injured in Iraqi restaurant blast' Pompeii family's final hours reconstructed Russia says Obama hurting himself by canceling summit over Snowden Snowden's Asylum 'It's the law, stupid'  It should be made clear that Russia has no legal, political or moral duty to turn Snowden over to American authorities. Unhappy With U.S. Foreign Policy? Pentagon Says You Might Be A 'High Threat' 47,000 people, George Takei sign petition to move Sochi Olympics to Vancouver Swedish Pirate Party reports IT minister to the police, after she was spotted infringing copyright online on a number of occasions. Gay Olympians could be kicked out of games by the IOC instead of Russia for speaking out against antigay laws The Pentagon wants to sell 2.7 billion dollars worth of weapons to Iraq, including 681 Stinger antiaircraft missiles N.S.A. Sifting Broader Set of Data systematically searching  without warrants  through the contents of Americans communications that cross the border A Montreal man has been ordered to pay $8,000 to a panhandler after an email he wrote complaining about her presence outside a liquor store was deemed discriminatory by the province's human rights commission. Meet Australia's Sarah Palin  she doesn't oppose Islam as a country Glenn Greenwald Snowden Gave Me 1520,000 Classified Documents Russia is Silencing Activists, Journalists ahead of Sochi Games  HRC has documented government efforts to intimidate those who have investigated abuse of migrant workers, environmental impact of Olympic venus construction, and unfair compensation for people forcibly evicted from their homes Neonicotinoids are the new DDT killing the natural world Russia is silencing journalists and human rights groups over human rights abuses on Olympic construction sites... American Police Want Legal Exemptions From Canadian Law When Inside Canada If Scotland was independent today, only 18% of Scots would vote to join the UK. Tesla has delivered the first Model S cars to the first few customers in Europe, in Norway, Switzerland and the Netherlands. Norway could see 800 Model S cars on its roads by the end of 2013. US involvement in Egypt criticised Both supporters and opponents of the military see the US as selfinterested and hypocritical. Stunning Maya Sculpture, its Colors Intact, Found in Buried Pyramid  30 ft long & 6 ft tall, It's one of the most fabulous things I've ever seen, says archaeologist. It was on a staircase tomb inside a pyramid. Painted red, blue, yellow & green, it depicts 3 men over a mountain spirit. AlQaida currently consists of fewer than 100 leaders, fighters and trainers and few experienced operators Iranian Plane full of Arms and Ammo Shot Down over Damascus Germany boosts arms exports to Qatar German arms exports to the Gulf region are on the rise. Critics say Germany should not be supplying countries with such questionable human rights records. Furious French farmers are smashing 100,000 eggs each night on roads in a bid to raise the price of an eggs Suicide bomber kills 29 at policeman's funeral in Pakistan Does Rupert Murdoch own 70% of newspapers in Australia? Man who created own credit card sues bank for not sticking to terms India Banning Animals in Circuses  Animals used in circus are treated brutally. They are kept hungry & cruel treatment is meted out to them. Says a circus spokesman Given this ban, we will have to concentrate more on acrobatic performances. Two encrypted email services have closed down for reasons linked to US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden. Major breakthrough in malaria vaccine reported. A recent test proved 100% effective against the disease that kills over 600,000 per year. Snowden Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Yahoo, Apple, and the rest of our internet titans must ask themselves why they aren't fighting for our interests the same way The British Police getting away with murder since 1969 827 people have died in police custody since 2004. Not a single police officer has been convicted. Why is police accountability failing in this most serious of issues? Fukushima in worse state than previously revealed; 300 tons of highly radioactive water is spilling into the Pacific daily Chief physician from Bors has filed a police report for the arrest of Barack Obama for crimes against humanity when he is visiting Sweden in September. Cop shoots cat, faces five years in prison The curious case of Mahdi Hashi. Britain quietly stripped 16 people of their citizenship. Bashi, a social worker in London, vanished and resurfaced months later in US custody. Danish Muslim leader regrets role in cartoon rage I want to be clear today about the trip It was totally wrong...At that time, I was so fascinated with this logical force in the Islamic mindset that I could not see the greater picture. I was convinced it was a fight for my faith, Islam. 2 Mexican teens in jail claim van bought at US government auction came with cocaine On the selfshutdown of email service Lavabit to avoid US surveillance  with reaction from Edward Snowden WhistleBlower Who Can Name Names Herv Falciani professed whistleblower hunted by Swiss investigators, jailed by Spaniards and claims he was kidnapped by Israeli Mossad agents eager for a glimpse of client data he stole while working for a major financial institution in Geneva India Considering Shark Finning Ban  Big trawlers are only hunting sharks to cut off their fins & toss the sharks back into sea to meet an agonizing death. Animal Welfare Board issues advisory to coastal state fisheries to end finning. Japan debt tops 1 quadrillion yen In an attempt to smear the U.S. by publishing pictures it claimed were of a real execution in America, China's leading staterun news agency Xinhua accidentally posted screen grabs from a fetish film. The construction of a new train route through London's center is proving to be one of the U.K.'s largest archaeological digs, revealing everything from medieval burial sites to Roman remains Hundreds rally in Brazil to impeach Rio de Janeiro governor for corruption Russias UN ambassador We dont have antigay laws Hafiz Saeed, who is the prime accused in the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, and is on America's most wanted terrorists list, led Eid prayers in a stadium in Lahore, Pakistan. Minister Stops the Clock on Proposal to Dredge Great Barrier Reef  Mark Butler says he needs more time to consider new scientific reports on impact of Queensland coalport expansion Email service Lavabit abruptly shut down citing government interference As Foreign Fighters Flood Syria, Fears of a New Extremist Haven Malaria vaccine achieves 100% protection using parasites from irradiated mosquitoes  It far surpasses any other experimental malaria vaccine tested. It will now be tested further in clinical trials in Africa. German minister proposes banning US companies that participate in US spying activities from doing business in the EU They won't be lovin' it McDonald's admits 90% of employees are on zerohours contracts without guaranteed work or a stable income  Fastfood chain is potentially the largest zerohours employer in the UKs private sector US tourist accidentally snaps finger off 600yearold statue in Italy's Florence Drone strikes kill militants in Yemen, Americans urged to leave gustl mollath, the man who has been locked up in a psychatric ward for 7 years because he tried to whizzleblow illegal banking activities is about to get free, a german court ruled. Muslim veil ban urged in French universities France prohibits all children from wearing religious symbols such as Muslim headscarves in schools. A government agency has recommended extending the ban to universities, citing 'growing tensions' US criticises Vietnam internet control law  Fundamental freedoms apply online just as they do offline, it said. Amazon brings Americanstyle unionbusting to Germany In Germany, the idea that warehouse workers are going to be getting opposition from an employer when it comes to the right to organize, thats virtually unheardof Uganda passes law that criminalizes a meeting of more than 3 people without police authorization. Global Scientists Shocked by True Scale of Ocean Warming, Warning that Such Big Shifts Can Affect All Sea Life, as Well as Humans Who Depend on the Sea for Food  When you see changes as large as these, life generally has 3 options  migration, adaptation or extinction. The Ghost Rapes of Bolivia  F or a while, the residents of Manitoba Colony thought demons were raping the towns women. There was no other explanation. No way of explaining how a woman could wake up with blood and semen stains smeared across her sheets and no memory of the previous night. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange speaks about what impact jailing Bradley Manning will have on future whistleblowers around the world. Across forbidden border, doctors in Israel quietly tend to Syrias wounded. 'The doctors say all they know is that Syrian patients arrive by military ambulance and that the hospital calls the army to come pick them up when they are ready to go back to Syria' A Wisconsin IT professional has filed a lawsuit against Indian outsourcing firm Infosys alleging that the company discriminates against U.S. job applicants in favor of South Asians for jobs in the U.S. Sun's magnetic field poised to flip Bangladesh garment factory collapse determined to be an act of God by owners' association; victims only get one months' salary as compensation. This map of the ongoing U.S. embassy closures raises more questions than it answers 7 years innocent in German forensic psychiatry Key in witness money laundering scandal of 6th largest German Bank Hypovereinsbank Mr. Gustl Mollath finally free [German link, Story in comments] Python escapes Canadian pet store, strangles two children Indian IT Firm Accused of Discrimination Against Stupid Americans  Infosys favored Asians in hiring, alleges suit seeking class action status. Infosys has about 15,000 employees in the US & some 90% are of South Asian descent, says the lawsuit. Costa Rica Will Do Away With Caged Animals At Its Zoos NPR AlQaeda might attack Guantanamo, claims US Japan Marks 68th Anniversary of Hiroshima Nuclear Bombing Video Russian paratroopers violently attack lone gay rights activist in St Petersburg IOC silence on Russian gay laws speaks volumes Stephen Fry writes an open letter to Cameron about the Olympics and the treatment of the LGBT community in Russia Some girls have been married 60 times by the time they turn 18 Thousands of girls in Egypt sold into shariacompliant temporary marriages with rich Saudi tourists 41yo man walks free after admitting having sex with a 13yo girl. Judge calls her a sexual predator Wikipedia Boosts Security after XKeyscore Revelations. Cofounder says I challenge the rest of the industry to join us. Encryption is a human rights issue. McDonald's burgers unfit for human consumption The Taliban ambushed a convoy of a female Afghan senator seriously wounding her in the attack and killing her 8yearold daughter and a bodyguard The Magical World Where McDonald's Pays $15 an Hour? It's Australia  Even in countries with a high minimum wage, the golden arches manage to turn a profit Python That Killed Boys Was House Pet The python that strangled two young brothers in Canada had been kept in the pet store owner's apartment where the boys were sleeping and not with the other animals in the shop below, authorities have revealed. French mayor threatens to kill himself if 'Gypsies' return to his town Others have made sacrifices to advance our country, I am prepared to do the same Obama administration authorized recent drone strikes in Yemen Court Releases Whistleblower from Psychiatric Ward Ukraine has banned the bass guitarist of the US rock group Bloodhound Gang from entering the country for five years after he appeared to urinate on the Ukrainian flag. HSBC announced it would close accounts with 40 Embassies, days before Terror threat Syria fired ballistic missiles on its largest city in February. This is what it looks like now As the battle for the Syrian city of Aleppo rages on, the escalating violence is ravaging a once prosperous city. Japan's government believes radiationcontaminated water has been leaking into the Pacific Ocean from the wrecked Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant for the past two years Tens of thousands of protesters have marched in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, to demand the resignation of the Islamistled government. Researchers have reported the first case of humantohuman transmission of the new bird flu that has emerged in China. Argentine president Cristina Kirchner says to UN We will discuss what several countries have already addressed, the issue of spying, the need for global regulation in this area, not only due to the question of peace and national security, but also the security and privacy of individuals Indian youth killed after stopping attempted rape of sisters Huge fire forces Nairobi airport shutdown  'Massive' fire has gutted parts of airport in the Kenyan capital, forcing all flights to be suspended, officials say. Internet access becomes a reality for some Cubans Moscow disappointed by Obama meeting cancelation Japans Unveils Aircraft Carrier in Disguise Thousands Demonstrate In Tunisia, Calling On Islamic Government To Resign Hungary is on the brink of becoming a fascist regime US regulators 'find evidence' of banks fixing derivative rates Uruguay to Become First Nation to Fully Legalize Marijuana Blow to Ruinous US War on Drugs West Acts Like 'Bull in China Shop' in Middle East  Russian PM Our Western partners sometimes behave like a bull in a china shop  they squeeze in, crush everything and then don't know what to do next. I often find myself astonished at their analysts and how inconsistent their projects are... Swedish sociology professor Steven Svallfors has nominated Snowden for the Nobel Peace Prize. Germany Promises Day Care for All Parents  A new law went into effect in Germany on guaranteeing every child over 12 months of age a slot at a daycare facility As Cost of Importing Food Soars, Jamaica Turns to the Earth Jamaica has taken on a bold new strategy make farming patriotic and ubiquitous, behind homes, hospitals, schools, even prisons Algerians protest against mandatory fasting during Ramadan Germany has been under surveillance by the United States for decades, and German leaders have been fully aware of it, says historian Josef Foschepoth. The reason? Secret postwar accords. FBI bids to extradite 'largest childporn dealer on planet' A chilling photo and a scary story. Life in China's toxic haze Where safe milk powder and air filters are sought after items in Beijing, and 60 percent of the days so far in 2013 have been deemed unsafe to go outside. In South Korea, private tutors earn the kind of money that professional athletes make in the U.S. UK Councils told to ignore alternative methods of energy generation in favour of fracking Time to legalize marijuana in Mexico City Politicians in Mexico are considering following Colorado and Washington states lead in legalizing marijuana, according to Fernando Gomez Mont and Jorge G. Castaeda. Arab atheists, though few, inch out of the shadows Russian meteor may have gangmates in tow Orbital estimates pinpoint 20 asteroids on similar paths to rock that exploded near Chelyabinsk. Saudi activist receives 7year sentence, 600 lashes for insulting Islam Excitement, but anxiety too, as Uruguay sets liberal path with new cannabis law In the first country set to legalise the sale and production of marijuana, opinion is divided on the merits of the experiment Saudi Arabia denied permission for plane carrying Sudanese President Omar alBashir to travel through its airspace on Sunday for the swearingin of the new Iranian president Irans new president takes oath of office, asks West to abandon language of sanctions Egypt's top general to white house You left the Egyptians. You turned your back on the Egyptians and they won't forget that. Japan has launched the world's first talking robot into space to serve as companion to astronaut Kochi Wakata who will begin his mission in November Montreal woman fined $219 for not paying bus fare with exact change. Chinas Collapse Will Be Worse Than Soviet Union, Xinhua Says Suicides rise as Italy's economy slumps Leave Yemen now, Britons warned amid fears of growing violence Feds are Suspects in New Malware That Attacks Tor Anonymity Costa Rica announced Monday that it will transform its two zoos into botanical gardens or urban parks in order to eliminate the practice of displaying caged animals Two scientists think we can safeguard the world's knowledge against an apocalypse if we store it in DNA Pakistan, one of the most waterstressed countries in the world, is on the brink of crisis. A recent report from the Asian Development Bank states that the countrys emergency water reserve only has enough supply for 30 days. Accused by plotting a coup, ProGovernment Turkey court sentences 254 with prison, including journalists, professors, politicians and significant figures in the army with secular views. Foreigners buy nearly 75% of new homes in inner London Saving The Earth Is A Very Dangerous Job Two environmentalists are killed on average every week as land struggles intensify violence against green activists worldwide. Chinese tourists appall North Koreans by throwing candy at their kids US threatens sanctions if energystarved Pakistan pursues a gas pipeline deal with Iran Japan nuclear body says radioactive water at Fukushima an 'emergency' Julian Assange announces WikiLeaks Party's federal election candidates South Korea says concerned about U.S. decision on some Apple models. The move was vehemently criticized by the South Korean media as protectionism. Spain will have an unemployment rate above 25% until at least 2018, according to IMF Spain accused of acting like North Korea as tensions escalation over Gibraltar  Spain has threatened to close its airspace to flights heading to the British territory Pakistan on red alert for possible attack. India considers world's largest welfare program through a subsidized food program that would provide 5kg of cheap grain every month to nearly 800 million poor US band Bloodhound Gang ejected from Russia after flag stunt Bahrain using IP tracking to harass democracy advocates Fukushima radioactive water leak an 'emergency'. Japan's nuclear watchdog has said the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant is facing a new emergency caused by a buildup of radioactive groundwater. Latvia blocking extradition of Gozi writer due to disproportionate US sentencing Turkey court clears 21 over Ergenekon 'coup plot' Murdoch sends trusted general 'Col Pot' to bring down Australian government over their National Broadband Network. More than two years into Syria's civil war, the once highlycentralized authoritarian state has effectively split into three distinct parts, each boasting its own flags, security agencies and judicial system. Fleeing Syria, Palestinians find little support from their brethren in Lebanon In Germany, Union Culture Clashes With Amazons Labor Practices Germany nixes surveillance pact with US, Britain Germany canceled a Cold Warera surveillance pact with the United States and Britain on Friday in response to revelations by National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden about those countries' alleged electronic eavesdropping operations. Berthold Beitz, a leading German industrialist who was credited with saving hundreds of Jews during World War II by employing them at the oil fields he managed in Nazioccupied Poland, a rescue operation later compared to the more popularly known deeds of Oskar Schindler, died July 30. He was 99. Dozens of CIA Agents on the ground during Benghazi attack. ...agency is going to great lengths to make sure whatever it was doing, remains a secret. Italy's supreme court confirms prison sentence for exPrime Minister Silvio Berlusconi Turkish police used water cannons to disperse hundreds of people gathered in Istanbuls Taksim Square in a show of support for a teenager who has been in intensive care for 46 days after being hit by a tear gas canister during the Gezi Park protests. The new stopandsearch  spot checks near London police stations to hunt for illegal immigrants  Onlookers described their shock at the operations, with one member of the public saying it was akin to 'Nazi Germany' Swiss to decide on introduction of an unconditional basic income in public vote, mandatory 130,000 signatures have been collected. US embassy cables released by WikiLeaks show South Korean and US Intelligence Agencies hold a huge trove of evidence of human rights abuses in North Korea, which they haven't given to UN investigation. Germany Ends Cold War Spying Pact With US, Britain Snowden gets job offer from Russia's Facebook (VKontakte). His asylum papers grant him the right to work in Russia Government of India revokes GlaxoSmithKline's breast cancer drug's patent. Cops torture Untouchables, parade them naked in India Founder of leading russian social network Vkontakte is offering Snowden a job One of China's Largest, Most Prominent Media Companies12% owned by a subsidiary of Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century FoxRocked by Major Sexual Scandal  Lawsuit alleges Chinese journalist, a onetime DC bureau chief, routinely harassed & assaulted employees. A mining company has been convicted of desecrating an Aboriginal site in Australia's Northern Territory. Mining firm OM Manganese was found guilty on Friday in the first time a company has been successfully prosecuted in Australia for desecration of a sacred site Crackdown on Everest expeditions from next year after series of incidents including mass brawl on mountain Drug Resistant Tuberculosis in North Korea Is a Bigger Problem Than Previously Thought A study published this week in PLOS Medicine found that, of those treated for tuberculosis by, an American / South Korean NGO that specializes in patients who relapse, 87 percent tested positive for MDR. US To Shut Embassies Over Security Fears Tunisia launches major offensive against Islamist fighters 1,700 Russian websites on strike against new antipiracy law Over 1,700 websites in the Russian internet have joined an online strike against the new antipiracy legislation, which came into force on Thursday, allowing pretrial blocking of webpages. U.N. rights chief calls for investigation into Syria massacre U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay said on Friday she wanted an independent investigation into an apparent massacre carried out by Syrian opposition forces in the town of Khan alAssal. Heat related Drought hits 27m people in China  drinking water shortages for 5.1 million Hunan and Guizhou residents 8/2/13 (xpost /r/StormComing) Worst heat wave in 140 years hits parts of China; dozens of deaths reported  Level 2 weather emergency declared, a label normally invoked for typhoons and flooding I'm a Pastafarian Czech man, who claims his religion forces him to wear a sieve on his head, given permission to wear one on his official identity card picture. Officials ruled that turning down Novy's request would be a breach of the country's religious equality laws. Unsealed confidential British documents reveal that in 1982, German Chancellor Helmut Kohl tried to carry out a plan to reduce the number of Turks living in Germany by 50 percent within four years. The FBI can remotely activate the microphones for phones running Google's Android software to record conversations (worldwide) An Absolutely Ridiculous Idea Wikipedia cofounder Jimmy Wales rejects David Cameron's online porn filter plan  We should be devoting that... dealing with real criminal issues online, stealing credit card numbers, hacking into sites. He's been a highprofile celebrity adviser to the PM. US Diplomat Kills Man in Car Crash, Leaves Kenya  Embassy officials in Nairobi rushed the American and his family out of Kenya the next day, leaving the crash victims with no financial assistance to pay for a funeral and for hospital bills for the eight or so others who were seriously injured 'I want to dig a deep hole and bury myself again' Chilean miners stunned by decision not to prosecute over accident. The decision that no one will face charges over the mining accident in Chile that left 33 men underground for 69 days has left many speechless A boy was forcefully held down on a desk and circumcised because there was a rumor he was masturbating ... this happened in Montreal White House Closes Inquiry Into Afghan Massacre and Will Release No Details  in November 2001, Taliban prisoners surrendered to the Northern Alliance. They were transported in shipping containers without food or water...hundreds of men died of suffocation while others were shot Facebook Is Riddled With Click Farms Where Workers Sit In Dingy Rooms in Bangladesh, Bars On The Windows, Generating 1,000 Likes For $1 The decision by Uruguay lawmakers to legalize the possession and sale of marijuana could signal the beginning of the end for the increasingly unpopular U.S.led war on drugs, experts say. XKeyscore a 'Godterminal' into Internet Norwegian Green Party is calling for statecontrolled production and sale of cannabis, as well as the decriminalization of possession for all drugs A 10yearold German boy has found what appears to be a mummy hidden in a corner of his grandmother's attic. The mummy was inside a sarcophagus complete with hieroglyphic adornments, packed in a wooden crate Russian SOPA AntiPiracy Body Under Investigation For Software Piracy  Pirated software from Adobe, Microsoft, Corel and Autodesk was found on their machines Uruguay's pot legalization could be 'tipping point' in war on drugs In an abrupt about face, Russia said today that athletes and guests attending next years Winter Olympics will not be subject to the countrys stringent new antigay law Pope Francis sends message for end of Ramadan. Calls for respect between Christians and Muslims Verizon, BT, Vodafone Cable, Global Crossing, Level 3, Viatel and Interoute, give GCHQ unlimited access to their undersea cables. Mesopotamian Marshlands Declared Iraqs 1st National Park  Drained by development & nearly destroyed, it was once 3rd largest wetlands in the world. Saddam in the 1990s drained 93% of it, resulting in the UN calling it the worst environmental disaster of the last century. Chinese Hacking Team Caught Taking Over Decoy Water Plant Riot police broke up a protest by hundreds of Moroccans late on Friday against a royal pardon for a Spanish pedophile serving a 30year sentence for raping and filming children as young as four Bangladesh's security forces fired into a crowd of unarmed protesters, killing 6 people. The next day they charged family members of the victims with their murders. Dutch zoo baffled by spooked baboons that are sitting still, hardly eating A zoo in the Netherlands is trying to understand what has spooked a group of baboons, with the monkeys huddled together and hardly eating. Jimmy Wales on UK porn ban It's ridiculous 100,000 protests in front of the Taiwan's presidential headquarter demanding justice for a kid that died under corporial punishment during mandatory military service Mass Graves Found at Irish Prison Now Begs Bigger Question  Where are the Other Bodies? Notorious for overcrowding, disease, malnutrition, it was opened during the Great Famine of the 19th century, giving insight into prison's role as a mechanism by which the empire was established & maintained. US Senate edited Snowden's Wikipedia page and labeled him as Traitor. Edward Snowden has been granted documents that will allow him to leave the Moscow airport where he has been since 23 June BP is engaged in an aggressive campaign to limit how much it pays for the losses caused by its reckless behavior. Uruguay Marijuana legalisation bill approved in the lower house UltraOrthodox Jewish protesters shatter bus windows after female passenger refuses to sit in back Dont boycott our vodka, youve got the wrong country, say gay Latvians China invests nearly $300 billion in renewables, part of plan to deal with climate change. Protesters camp out against UK fracking This isn't about one place, it's about the whole country, and the future of the planet. We have the technology now to use renewable energy. We shouldn't be developing new industries to pollute the planet. Russian cops allegedly beat and sodomize Olympic construction worker over $600 in back pay Five Afghan police accidentally killed in US air strike The controversial GCSB 'spy' bill, which would give the New Zealand Government the legal authority to electronically gather information on its own citizens, has passed its second reading in parliament Caribbean has lost 80% of its coral reefs in recent years. French court lifts ban on Monsanto GM corn, much to annoyance of French government Girls are the worlds forgotten population 9 facts about child brides complications from pregnancy and childbirth are the No. 1 cause of death for girls age 15 to 19. That means that pregnancy and childbirth kill more girls in the developing world than war, AIDS, tuberculosis or any other cause UN narcotics body warns Uruguay over marijuana bill The law would be in complete contravention to the provisions of the international drug treaties to which Uruguay is party Stephen Harpers border deal imperils Canadian sovereignty. All passengers on Quantas Flight QF28 have been quarantined after 26 passengers arrived in Sydney vomiting from Chile Cameron's AntiPorn Program Tells ISPs To Do The Impossible Only Block Bad Content; Don't Block Good Content Chilean President is under fire for allowing the country's counterterrorism legislation to be used against indigenous protesters fighting for ancestral land rights Mugabe claims victory in Zimbabwe election, opposition claims monumental fraud United Airlines employee stole and sold luggage form Asiana plane crash Croissants banned by Syrian rebels because the pastrys crescent shape celebrates European victory over Muslims. Chinese President Xi Jinping says his government is willing to shelve territorial disputes and carry out joint development in disputed waters. Uruguay's unprecedented proposal to fight organized crime by creating a legal, governmentlicensed marijuana market was fiercely debated by lawmakers, ruling party counted every vote in hopes of winning passage in the lower house of Congress Russian Envoy Urges Archaeology Dig in California  Russian & American youths to dig at Fort Ross, a 19thcentury Russian settlement. They were considered by local Kashaya tribe better neighbors than the Spanish. UK priest ready to go to jail in his tax battle for the poor Ecuador offers WikiLeak's founder Assange residency, no questions asked. Wikileaks cables reveal China 'ready to abandon North Korea' Jon Stewart on Saudi Arabia ...we give them money for oil, that allows them to buy weapons from us with a little left over to fund terrorist groups that we must then send our military over to fight, which costs a lot of money and fuel.... A retired French electrician living on the Riviera has stunned the art world and left Picasso's heirs in a state of shock after coming forward with 271 undocumented works of Picasso.... WikiLeaks' Next Target Assange hints that they may soon be going after the people who torpedoed the world economy Add Iran to the list of nations with more progressive drug policies than the US. And the evidence that their policies are working is overwhelming. Wikileaks evades hackers' DDoS with shift to 
Amazon. The US government would not be able to 
remove the diplomatic cables from the internet by 
ordering Amazon to take down the Wikileaks pages 
 partly because the cables are not actually hosted 
there. Harpers  Despite ElMasris protests that he was not alMasri, he was beaten, stripped naked, shot full of drugs, given an enema and a diaper, and flown first to Baghdad and then to the notorious salt pit, the CIAs secret interrogation facility in Afghanistan. China blocks access to WikiLeaks Chinese officials confirm that they want an independent and peaceful reunification of the Korean peninsula and cannot afford to give the North Korean regime the impression it has a blank cheque to act any way it wants. Yes, I'm extremely dangerous for those who want to have instability in our region. I'm extremely dangerous for those who want to create new tensions,  Turkish Foreign Minister referring to Wikileaks disclosure.. Double Kill Two Iranian nuclear scientists assassinated by passing motorcyclists who attached magnetic bombs to their cars. Nasa scientist who testified at the trial of 114 activists who planned to break into a coal plant near Nottingham says their anger was justified.  WikiLeaks boss Assange refused protection by Australian government as full investigation launched Cambridge University students refuse to abandon sitin China 'backs Korean reunification' and 'would not stop the North's collapse,' according to leaked cable BBC News  Ecuador offers Wikileaks founder Assange residency Will My Breasts Blow Up this Airplane? Seoul, South Korea, prepares emergency shelters amidst mounting tensions in the Korean Peninsula Iran accuses West, Israel for assassinating nuclear scientist North Korea is a very dangerous country . . . It's like having a rattlesnake living in the corner of your living room. You don't want to go over and mess with it; but at the same time, you're not sure how to get rid of it. South Korean defense minister Kim Taeyoung on why the South's retaliation was delayed 13 minutes and not forceful enough, This isn't StarCraft. Iran admits that the Stuxnet virus caused damage to their nuclear program Wikileaks Cablegate Brazil frames suspected terrorists on narcotics charges Obama to Slovenia I'll talk to you for 20 minutes, but only if you take these prisoners off my hands.  You know you're a crappy country when you have to negotiate to even *talk* to the president, let alone get concessions. b'Jaqui Smith finally fucking off, civil rights has a small respite and breathes a sigh of relief' b'Life expectancy Vs Income/person across the world over 2 centuries [map]' To understand how North Korea has come up with the money to finance its missileandnuclearweapons program, it's important to realize that Koreans haven't been living in caves for the past 2 decades. b'Dutch journalist is kidnapped by Talibans who rape her repeatedly. Her comments about the Taliban They also respected me, They are not monsters, ... could not control his testosterone. A story about Stockholm syndrome and the politically correct.' b'Why the Air France plane crashed Salon's Ask the Pilot explains the possibilities' b'A quick fix for up to half of all child deaths?' b'Mexico detains 25 police officers for alleged ties to drug traffickers' b'Kazakhstan's former head of state nuclear power agency stole over 60% of the countries Uranium!' b'Public believe politicians are corrupt. In other news Bears shit in woods' b'Brazil Defense Minister confirms that the debris found belong to the missing Air France plane' b'Zimbabwe may replace worthless currency with South African rand' b'Rape Crisis in East Congo Tied to Mining Activity' b'Denmark finishes first, US 28th, on Global Competitive Stress Test' b'Redfaced police crack mystery' b'Kim Jong Il names successor' There's a new world out there, countries where economic growth continues to power ahead, gov'ts aren't buried under a mountain of debt and citizens remain remarkably optimistic about their future. b'Wreckage found for AirFrance flight 447' Pakistan's Victories Over the Taliban Less Than Meets the Eye  TIME b'Israel rejects US demands for settlement freeze I have to admire the residents of Iroquois territory for assuming that they have a right to determine where Jews should live in Jerusalem.  Israeli Government Press Director ' b'A thoughtful obituary for Roh Moohyun, former president of South Korea. Before he left the house, and before he jumped from a high cliff into a ravine, he had left a note to his family on his computer. He said he had 'made the life of too many people difficult.'' b'Obama pledges new realism in ties with Israel  warning the Jewish state of profoundly negative trends in the region, not only for Israeli interests but also US interests,' b'Netanyahu Obama Call For Settlement Freeze Unreasonable' b'Hardline Pakistani cleric linked to Mumbai attacks released by Pakistani high court' b'The Dark Side of Plan Colombia How the U.S. is Subsidizing Death and Drug Trafficking on Stolen Lands' b'Google Earth guide to the palaces of North Korea  Amateur spies put North Korea on the map' VW and Shell try to block EU push for electric cars Teens who bombed Sikh temple in Germany were ISIS sympathisers Helicopter firms are carrying out unauthorised sightseeing flights over the upper reaches of Mount Everest, Nepalese officials say. Sherpas have expressed concerns that vibrations caused by the helicopters could trigger avalanches. Green Beret who beat Afghan official over alleged child assault to stay in Army More than half a tonne of ancient Roman coins unearthed by Spanish construction workers Norway moves to bar entry to 'hate preachers' SpaceX breaks BoeingLockheed monopoly on military space launches Woolly Wolf Spotted in Nepal Is Likely a New Species  By analyzing the animal's poop, scientists provide more evidence it's not a subspecies of the gray wolf. About 16 U.S. military personnel, including one general officer, have been disciplined for mistakes that led to the bombing of a civilian hospital in Afghanistan last year that killed 42 people South American Catholic country, Colombia, legalises samesex marriage Australia's PM says We can't afford to let the empathy that we feel for the desperate circumstances that many people find themselves in to cloud our judgment as an Iranian Asylum Seeker burns himself to death in an Australian detention Centre on Nauru Turkish embassy wants Swedish channel to withdraw film on Assyrian & Armenian genocide Mosques in Germany should be placed under state supervision, according to a leading parliamentarian Geoblocking Consumers not breaching copyright by circumventing with VPN, says Govt agency Belgian police knew since 2014 that Abdeslam brothers planned irreversible act Damning report into Belgian response to Paris attacks shows sloppiness and lack of resources Helicopter carrying at least 13 people crashes near Bergen in Norway SpaceX founder Elon Musk announces company plans to send capsule to Mars in 2018 US aircraft carrier denied entry to Hong Kong, American consulate official says  by China Up in smoke Kenya to torch millions of dollars worth of ivory; 105 tons of elephant ivory, 1.35 tons of rhino horn, exotic animal skins and other products such as sandalwood and medicinal bark Chinese Investors Reeling After Wealth Management Firm's Collapse Two journalists in Turkey have been sentenced to two years in jail for insulting religious values after they reprinted a controversial cover from the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo above their columns. Saudi Arabia 'not ready' to let women drive because of culture, not religion  prince British Labour member suspended for saying Hitler supported Zionism Peruvian Farmer Wins Monumental Battle Against U.S. Mining Giant Tony Blair courted Chinese leaders for Saudi prince's oil firm Airstrike destroys Doctors Without Borders hospital in Aleppo, killing staff and patients People are increasingly identifying themselves as global rather than national citizens, according to a BBC World Service poll. Paris terror suspect is a little jerk, his lawyer says  In an interview with the French daily Liberation, Sven Mary, Abdeslam's Belgian attorney, heaped opprobrium on his departing client, whom Mary described as having the intelligence of an empty ashtray  an abysmal emptiness. Cheap red meat is helping kill off Glasgow's poorest men 30 yrs early  You need to afford to buy quality food. If you cant get quality red meat, youre going to have an issue. Glasgow is notorious for astonishing gap in life expectancy between rich & poor. Now researchers think they know why. Women protest in Nigeria, insisting we cannot be Islamised 100 days before 2016 Olympic games and Brazil is unraveling Denmark considers tax on beef, other red meats to combat climate change Iran calls for global destruction of weapons of mass destruction South Korea becomes 1st Asian nation to sign space pact with US North Korea launches missile; test fails Austria votes to reject most migrants and refugees. The Austrian parliament on Wednesday adopted one of Europe's toughest asylum laws. SpaceX is sending a Red Dragon Spacecraft to Mars in 2018 Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) successfully placed the seventh and last satellite of Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS) constellation into the orbit 'Let the Rich Pay More Taxes' Thousands Take to Streets in Costa Rica. Public sector workers have a long list of demands that includes salary increases, higher taxes on the wealthy, and land rights for peasants. Germany to give 1bn subsidy to boost electric car sales. 'All Belgians to get iodine pills' in case of nuclear accident Oxygen Rates in Oceans are Falling China successfully tests nuclearcapable hypersonic missile  Pentagon sources US intelligence fears that Beijing may use DFZF, capable of reaching speeds of over 11,000 kilometers per hour, to deliver nuclear weapons bypassing even the most complex of missile defense systems Taking a stance sharply at odds with most American public health officials, the British Royal College of Physician urged smokers to switch to electronic cigarettes, saying they are the best hope in generations for people addicted to tobacco cigarettes to quit. Turkish police used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse people protesting a call for the country to adopt a religious constitution, chanting Turkey will remain secular! India activates eight laser walls along border with Pakistan Myanmar has banned lucrative logging operations as the newlyelected government of democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi steps up a battle on deforestation, an environment official said on Thursday. Philippine presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte vows to pardon himself for murder Syrian army seizes Israelimade weapons on their way to ISIS Colgate and Unilever operating detergent cartel in Australia to extort profits from consumers Declassified memo shows multiple Saudi connections to 9/11 plotters flight certificate of Al Qaeda operative found in envelope from the Saudi Embassy in DC Canada to introduce pot legalization legislation in 2017 IS executes 250 women for refusing sexual jihad report Referendum on abolishing monarchy must be held when Queen dies, republicans demand Islamic face veil to be banned in Latvia despite being worn by just three women in entire country Watchdog says press freedom in decline in 'new era of propaganda' Super rich who hide money in tax havens to be unmasked Scientists resort to advertising to get Great Barrier Reef crisis in Queensland paper David Cameron will not be investigated over offshore trust and tax affairs by parliamentary watchdog China deploying thousands of troops along North Korea border Wall Street Journal Runs FullPage Ad Denying Armenian Genocide Jamaica Foreign Minister tells UN that scheduling cannabis as a dangerous drug with no medical use is outdated & out of touch & that the UN to needs to get its act together on weed Private US firms are opposing India's space program from launching US satellites into space. Iran's president criticized the use of thousands of undercover morality police in Tehran to report on young women who are not wearing a full Islamic hijab or those who play loud music in their cars. Some 7,000 men and women officers began reporting such violations in Tehran Obama Blasts Saudi 9/11 Bill, Says It Opens U.S. to 'Being Continually Sued' If we open up the possibility that individuals and the United States can routinely start suing over governments, then we are also opening up the United States to being continually sued by individuals in other countries. U.K. Issues Travel Warning About Antigay U.S. States China's President Xi Jinping has assumed a new U.S.style joint role as commander in chief of the military, state media and analysts said Thursday, signaling the buildup of his authority as the country's most powerful leader in decades. Failed N.K. missile launch damages launcher, causes human casualties report The Fallout From the Panama Papers in Hong Kong  The timing of an expos in a Hong Kong newspaper & an editors firing has angered some journalists. Saudi government has vast network of PR, lobby firms in U.S. VW to pay US customers $5,000 each to settle suit; VW would pay each customer affected by the carmaker's use of emissions test cheating software $5,000, in addition to paying to repair their vehicles Confirmed as Oldest in World Message in bottle, promising finder a shilling, bobs up  Thrown into North Sea in 1906 by marine biologist & found by German woman She followed note's instructions & mailed it to Marine Biological Assn. We found an old shilling & sent it to her. Colombian president prohibitionist drug policies have been a 'failure' Philippine's presidential frontrunner tells US and Australia to cut their ties if he becomes president. Hundreds of Palestinians march in support of Jerusalem bus bombing suspect