 Gallup Poll 57% of Chinese believe environmental protection should be their country's top priority $28 cabbage, $65 chicken, $100 case of water and other insane food prices in Northern Canada  Iceland, New Zealand top list of 'most peaceful nations'. Canada 4th, USA 88th Putin opponents march in Moscow Police bar 3 veiled women from entering France  Falkland Islands to hold referendum on sovereignty Syrian rebels seize key military base, reportedly have surfacetoair missiles aimed at Bashar's palace and are threatening to fire | Reuters (video) Tens of thousands of Russians flooded Moscow's treelined boulevards in the first massive protest against Putin's rule since his inauguration Queensland's samesex civil unions laws will be amended so couples can no longer have a ceremony that 'emulates marriage'. Tens of thousands in 'March of millions' Moscow protest (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Police bar 3 veiled women from entering France Greeks Ask EU why does Spain get a better deal? Results confirm, a dingo ate her baby Two 15 year old girls, charged with luring other teenage girls into prostitution. Greek politician who attacked rivals on TV avoids arrest because he was not apprehended by midnight of the next day. After 115 Years Together, Tortoises Go Their Separate Ways China tells US embassies to stop tweeting about air quality, citing that Chinese standards are lower than US ones because China is a developing country Assange asks for extradition case to be reopened  Lawyers for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange have asked the British Supreme Court to reopen the appeal against his extradition to Sweden.  Iran starts exporting electricity to powerstarved Iraq. Iraq continues to suffer massive power shortages due to poor infrastructure, a lack of funds, political disorganization, and the effects of the recent USled war. 'Thousands' protest in Moscow against Putin  Thousands protest Russian president's third term, a day after police raid homes of opposition activists. Pakistan frenzy over 'gold' rupee coins   Telegraph WikiLeaks' Julian Assange has asked Britain's Supreme Court to reopen his appeal against extradition to Sweden Sorry, what's a Jew? Twitter storm after official Sweden curator puts her foot in it.  Spain Is In A 'Vicious Downward Spiral' Right Now Bangladesh has refused 14 boats carrying 550 Rohingya Muslims fleeing sectarian violence in Myanmar Former British PM John Major testifies that Rupert 
Murdoch demanded his government change its 
policy on Europe or his papers would oppose him at 
the 1997 general election. N.Korea's missile launchers came from China Japan reportedly has evidence of possible violation by China of trade restrictions on weapons technology Gay pageant winner beheaded | News24 Norwegian party wants to ban religious male circumcision German police release photo of mystery boy, whose identity has yet to be established, one year after he showed up claiming to have lived in German forests for five years Europe to build world's biggest telescope powerful enough to see mountains on planets beyond our solar system. Zeta cartel leader caught living in America. Millions laundered Russian President Vladimir Putin vowed yesterday never to bow in the face of social upheaval as tens of thousands of determined protesters chanting Russia Will be Free marched against his third term. Colbert asks for @sweden Twitter control. Sweden says 'be patient'. Berlin should remember how the banking crisis of 1931 contributed to the breakdown of democracy across Europe. Action is urgently needed to stop history from repeating itself. WHO classifies diesel fumes as a carcinogen Greek political party threatens to raid hospitals and kindergartens to remove immigrants and their children  Golden Dawn threatens hospital raids against immigrants in Greece  A New Zealand family who believed their teenage daughter took her own life because of Facebook bullying have learned she posted the bullying comments herself. In the New Libya, Lots of Guns & Calls for Shariah Police fires warning shots when Polish and Russian football supporters clash Photographer Carlo Gianferro photographs interiors of Gypsy mansions  Mogadishu, the Somali capital, is losing 'World's Most Dangerous City' designation after mostly peaceful year Thirty percent of Swedes drop out of high school  Nearly one in three Swedish high school students fail to finish their secondary education programmes on time, new statistics reveal. Former Prime Minister John Major said Tuesday 
Rupert Murdoch used threats to try to influence 
British foreign policy  [Murdoch said] I would like 
you to change your policy and if you don't change 
your policy my organization cannot support you. UN officially declares Syria in Civil War 
Greeks hoard cash ahead of key Sunday vote
 
'Its over the top; we must not panic,' says head of country's retail federation Pope Benedict XVI is on a course correction. Benedict has been trying to restore Catholic traditions he believes were lost 50 years ago in the modernizing reforms of the Second Vatican Council. As he presses for a more conservative Catholicism, the pope has been vigilant about ensuring that Iran draws up designs for nuclear powered submarine Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has presented his country with a plan to deepen his push for socialism and entrench his movement in power as he runs for another sixyear term amid questions of whether he will overcome cancer. F1 tourists get caught up in protest chaos on Montreal streets I saw a girl in high heels just get clobbered by police. I mean youre not gonna tell me she was protesting in high heels. Israel to put thousands of Africans in detention camp Somali Islamists offer 10 camels as bounty for Obama China plans manned space launch this month They will launch three astronauts this month to dock with an orbiting experimental module, and the crew might include its first female space traveler Egypt's onair warning Don't talk to foreigners  they're all spies State of Emergency Declared in Burma  A spate of violence involving Buddhists & Muslims has left 17 people dead & hundreds of properties damaged.  Trouble flared after the murder of a Buddhist woman, followed by an attack on a bus carrying Muslims. After Gaddafi, Libya splits into disparate militia zones UFO Seen Over the Middle East Confirmed to be Russian Ballistic Missile  In several videos from Israel, Syria, Iran & other Middle East, the object started out looking somewhat like a comet then started spiraling. (With Videos)



 EJP News | Leader of Islamist group in Belgium 
arrested after calling to attack nonMuslims Iran bans women from Euro 2012 screenings British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Sunday that he couldn't rule out a military intervention in Syria, saying the situation there was beginning to resemble the violence that gripped Bosnia in the 1990s. Chinese police detain Tiananmen Square veteran's relatives  Family members questioned circumstances of Li Wangyang's reported suicide in hospital, reports human rights group French election Socialists & Allies Set for Win  They're on course for a majority following the 1st round of voting in France's legislative elections  Socialists are tied with the rightwing UMP party on about 35% of the vote, but the support of Green allies gives them closer to 40%. Syrian government shelling kills at least 38 over the last 24 hours in attempts to regain control of rebelheld territories Spanish bank rescue viewed as a victory for the Euro The Dragon's Hunger For The Elephant How China Is Driving International Growth In Illegal Ivory Dealing  Russia We won't back a foreign force in Syria Argentina loses a third of its dollar deposits
| Reuters Spanish banks to get rescue funds BBC News  Riothit western Burma province in state of emergency Jailed Palestinians to stage hunger strike  Middle East  Al Jazeera English International Court Team Is Held in Libya French police detain suspect in hammer attack on Jews The International Criminal Court says that four of its staffers have been detained in Libya and is demanding their immediate release. Ahmed Shafiq, prime minister under Mubarak, could be Egypts next president The unexpected appearance of Hosni Mubaraks last prime minister in the runoff of Egypts first postrevolutionary presidential race owes much to support from business tycoons and other backers of the old regime.
 Vatican Banker Running Scared  Ousted head of Vatican bank may have evidence that the organization is involved in money laundering& now he's afraid for his life. One day before a major opposition rally, Russian police raid the homes of prominent protest leaders Hockey Newfoundland and Labrador has slapped a junior hockey coach with a oneyear suspension for allowing his players to study for exams instead of attending the opening ceremony for a recent tournament. China topped USA in renewable energy investment in 2011 Saudi 'Got Talent,' But No Women or Music  City creates its own version of 'Arabs Got Talent', but with no music & women have been banned from taking part. Instead, competitors will be permitted to perform religious chants, recite poems & engage in sports. British PM Daivd Cameron forgets 8year old daughter in country pub Egypt pulls TV ads warning foreigners may be spies after xenophobia fears With recently gained power, German Socialists and Greens have forced Merkel into a Uturn & required a new Financial Transactions Tax into the new EU Treaty. NATURE magazine Earth Facing Imminent Environmental 'Tipping Point' Man defects to North Korea with his family willingly on false prospects of a better life, then only manages to escape alone a year later. Fear mounts among African migrants as Israel begins deportation The South Sudanese are the most concerned of all, after a Jerusalem court last week legitimized their deportation. Mubarak in 'full coma', officials say Shuttlecock MachineGun Russia's New AntiRiot Weapon South Korean Paper Hit by Major Cyber Attack  

A conservative South Korean newspaper is the victim of a major cyber attack, less than a week after North Korea threatened the paper & other Seoul media over their reports Anonymous takes on India internet 'censorship' Business Insider The Chinese kleptocracy is like nothing ever seen in history Spain's banks Just don't call it a bailout  Allies Restrict Airstrikes on Taliban in Civilian Homes in response of a strike that killed 18 Civilians. Strawberry Farms Suck Spain Dry  
Decades of legal & illegal agricultural exploitation have brought western Europe's most important wetland to crisis point.  If  Doana park were a patient, it'd be on the point of entering the intensive care unit.  China to send its first woman into space Report Rebels Responsible for Houla Massacre  By John Rosenthal  The Corner  National Review Online China reveals more than 100 new Terracotta Warriors Israel rounds up African migrants for deportation Germany isn't strong enough to save Europe even if it wanted to Presidential Candidates in Mexico Signal a New Tack in the Drug War Monsanto is one step closer to losing billions of dollars in revenues from its geneticallymodified Roundup Ready soya beans, following a ruling this week by the Brazilian Supreme Court; Monsanto may have to refund millions of Brazilian farmers who had paid royalties to Monsanto over the last decade Saudi Arabia's crown prince dies BBC News  Murdoch called Tony Blair urging him not to delay the invasion of Iraq Welshman claims to have found original Jack Daniel's whiskey recipe 48% of rapes in Sweden are perpetrated by immigrants  Father pleads guilty to letting 14yo have sex  Could become a convicted sex offender based on a charge normally used on adults who have solicited children. Aung San Suu Kyi arrives in Oslo to give Nobel speech almost a quartercentury after receiving peace prize BBC News  UN suspends Syria peace mission Rupert Murdoch claims under oath that former PM Gordon Brown furiously called him and claimed he would make war with them. 10 Downing Street switchboard announces it has no record of any phone call, on a landline or a mobile, between the two men in that year. 2012 Record year for American Arms deals, 50 billion!    Saudi Arabia and Japan main buyers Russia Sending Missile Systems to Shield Syria After 21 Years Aung San Suu Kyi receives her Nobel Peace Prize Japan to restart nuclear reactors despite widespread fear China launches rocket carrying its first female astronaut Hungarian farright politician gets DNA test to see if he's Jewish. Nik Wallenda completes wire walk across Niagara Falls Last fugitive caught in '95 Japan nerve gas attack Striking Spanish Miners Clash With Police  In some of the worst disturbances since the government imposed austerity measures, miners fired sky rockets & ballbearings at riot police who responded with rubber bullets & tear gas   Viewpoint Time to look beyond Mexico drug violence Saudi succession how oil kingdom picks its kings
 How a Mexican Drug Cartel Makes Its Billions  NYTimes.com Saudi crown prince Nayef dead state TV Arrested spy compromised China's U.S. espionage network BBC News  China set for space mission of first woman astronaut Climate Change or Tectonic Shifts?
The Mystery of the Sinking South Pacific Islands Australia will create the largest network of marine parks in the world, protecting waters covering an area as large as India while banning oil and gas exploration and limiting commercial fishing in some of the most sensitive areas. New Zealand's High Court Steps Into Extradition Fight Over Kim Dotcom Judge orders US Attorneys to hand over evidence they're using to make the case against Dotcom, US goes ballistic insisting that such an effort is impossible... Religious leaders furious over Norway's proposed circumcision ban, but one Norway politician says I'm not buying the argument that banning circumcision is a violation of religious freedom, because such freedom must involve being able to choose for themselves Mexican President Felipe Calderon says he is cancelling the construction of a huge tourist resort in Baja California over concerns it could damage a nearby marine reserve. Sweden Violated Torture Ban in CIA Rendition Governments should publish clear accounts listing assets and liabilities, making the intergenerational implications of continuing with current debt levels absolutely clear for young voters.  Meet Prince Salman, the Next Saudi King  
Hes 76 years old, a hawk when it comes to Iran, a dove when it comes to peaceful reform&, with the death of his brother, the kingdoms new heir. Hollande party 'wins majority' in French parliament Wildlife camera catches Austrian politician having sex in forest Lebanese army clashes with Palestinians; one dead
| Reuters Divers baffled after first expedition down to the Millenium Falcon shipwreck. Northern Ireland Health Minister stands by the existing ban on gay blood donors Ottawa [Canada] Airport Wired With Microphones As Border Services Prepares To Record Travellers' Conversations Paraguay  9 landless farmers in Paraguay charged with murder after killing 6 police officers trying to evict them.  Farmers say the land was illegally taken during the 19541989 military rule of Gen Alfredo Stroessner & distributed among his allies.   Two Russian Parties Merge in Push Against Putin Police say about 10 men armed with sledgehammers and wooden bats have attacked a polling station during Greece's election, wounding two policemen guarding it and setting fire to the ballot box. An offduty policeman drove up to a house occupied by a Roma (Gypsy) family, who were in their garden, & opened fire, killing 3 & wounding 2 in Slovakia  There was no immediate explanation for the attack, & police have so far refused to confirm a racial motive.
 Guess Whos Emerging From the Crisis? Chavez reveals Venezuela has built first drone Venezuela has made its first drone in partnership with Iran, Russia and China, and said Caracas plans to start exporting it soon. Kim Jongun North Korea Leader's Media Makeover N Korea's tightly controlled media are building up a personality cult around the new leader that can be divided in obvious stages  Greek Voices We just feel betrayed. We are the EU's scapegoats In Canada, a B.C. judge strikes down law making physicianassisted suicide illegal Saudi Arabian women risk arrest as they defy ban on driving Edmonton triplemurder suspect arrested at U.S. border Taliban praises India for resisting US pressure on Afghanistan Pure ecstacy (MDMA) can be safe for adults; should be regulated and sold in stores B.C. health officer Canadian researchers thwart Ebola virus  The Globe and Mail Germany bans ultraconservative Islamic organization Over 50 Zetas Drug Cartel Members, Including 2 Active Duty Policemen, Women, & children, Arrested in Mexico Italian prosecutors suspect Vatican bank is laundering Sicilian mafia $$$ Child shelter home scandal rocks India '5yrolds made to perform oral sex, naked yoga' Cleric declares jihad against polio campaign in Pakistan Gaza water too contaminated to drink Japan moves closer to restarting nuclear reactors The rise of Greece's farRight Golden Dawn party has led to a spate of vicious attacks against immigrants that it is feared will only increase after a new election is held on Sunday.  500 meter asteroid passes close to Earth today.  
2012 LZ1 was only discovered last week. Indonesia 'internet atheist' given jail term  2 and a half years Egypt is currently under martial law until a new parliament can be put in place Egypt's highest court declares parliament invalid. Jordan promises to stop revoking citizenship from Palestinians Amnesty Syrian government forces are killing civilians in organized attacks on towns and villages that amount to crimes against humanity Pickup truck in China tips over, 16 bodies fall out Tony Blair avoids attempted citizen's arrest in Hong Kong Germany Major crackdown on Salafist Muslims Montreal Teacher Shows Class Jun Lin 'Murder Video'  The online video shows the stabbing & dismembering of the Chinese man by suspect Luka Magnotta.  School officials condemned the teacher's actions & are treating the incident very seriously. Top health official in the Canadian province of British Columbia expresses support for legalization of MDMA/Ecstasy, says it's safe for adults to use and should be regulated like alcohol. Egypts high court nullifies parliamentary elections; military may take over lawmaking
 Guess the World's Most Expensive Places to Live in  2012 [especially 2nd] .You will be shocked The Raids That Backfired How the Russian Police Helped to Swell a Protest  Apparently concerned about a new march against Putin, the authorities tried disrupting the lives of its organizers. The move, however, gave fresh momentum to the demonstration Egypt's Parliament Dissolved By Court; Election Ruled Unconstitutional Roma relocation scores Romania mayor a major vote win 9YearOld Who Changed School Lunches Silenced By Politicians (Wired) The ban on a nineyearold girl taking photographs of her school meals has been lifted Kidnapping by Mexican Police Caught on Video Every call, every email, every text UK unveils bill aimed at logging citizens Web activity. Manga is not child pornography. Swedish supreme court acquits manga translator from possession of child pornography. Venezuela surpasses Saudi Arabia to become the worlds largest holder of proven oil reserves Indonesian man jailed for twoandahalf years for writing God doesnt exist on his Facebook page Spain Claims Top Spot for Worlds Oldest Cave Art  Archaeologists say red disk over 40,000 years old could've been painted by Neanderthals Irelands 5,500yrold Stone of Destiny, has been hit with a hammer, causing damage in 11 places on all 4 granite faces  None of the fragments were found. Tradition holds that the High Kings of Ireland were crowned at the stone.  Court Dissolves Parliament in Egypt in Blow to Islamists Highway 16 Serial killer being hunted in Canada after 40 young women vanish on same remote road in 30 years  Parks Canada staff banned from criticizing Feds  Workers told they have 'duty' to support Harper government (x post from r/canada) Egyptian military forces surround parliament  China forced abortion photo 'Feng Jianmei had to abort at 7 months for breaching onechild policy' Iran seizes killers of nuclear scientists U.S. Revises Comments on Russian Helicopters Going to Syria  actually returning to Syria after being refurbished Three dead after University of Alberta shooting Argentine leader takes Falklands claim to UN US official Russia sends troops to Syria as peace hopes fade  World News Syrian forces use sexual violence against men, women, children (Contains graphic details of torture) Aung San Suu Kyi taken ill  Burma's prodemocracy leader forced to call a halt to a news conference in Bern after bending over in pain and vomiting 'Forest boy Ray' (in Germany) identified as Dutch  
The Local In a bid to end a decadeslong split in the Catholic Church, the Vatican offered a conservative breakaway group [SSPX] a special status enjoyed only by the Opus Dei movement . . . The status . . . would allow the SSPX to operate directly under the pope's authority, without territorial boundaries. Greece's KnifeEdge Election  

Greek politics is in a state of molecular meltdown, but the election story told by European politicians and journalists doesnt begin to map it. Europe Makes Big Bets on Nuclear Waste Burial  
  On a small Finnish island & deep in remote rural France, far from the debates & doubts that followed Japans Fukushima nuclear disaster, the ground work is underway for a commitment to atomic power for the long term  the very long term Indian drug giant Cipla cuts cost of cancer medicines in a humanitarian move, shaking up the drug market  Man in India beheads 20yearold daughter in rage over her lifestyle and parades her head through village Google sees 'alarming' level of government censorship Web giant says it received more than 1,000 requests from government officials for the removal of content in the past six months, complying with more than half. Canada to be put on UN human rights watchlist A Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan has announced a ban on polio vaccines for children as long as the United States continues its campaign of drone strikes in the region Nova Scotian government forces small, familyowned Christmas tree farm to unwillingly sell their land to an Australian Gold Mining company for the greater public good. 100s Occupy Brazil Dam  Indigenous peoples, farmers &  fisherfolk  marched onto an earthen dam blocking the Xingu River & with pick axes & shovels opened a channel. Demanding the cancellation of the $18 billion project, they placed their bodies to spell out words meaning Stop Belo Monte. Germany has decided to pursue ambitious greenhousegas reductions  while closing down its nuclear plants. Can a heavily industrialized country power its economy with wind turbines and solar panels? Israeli Soldier Holds Hunger Strike in Solidarity With Palestinians in Detention It has come to this Greek towns reverting to barter economies Rumor had it a devious conspiracy was afoot Egyptians voting for a new president Saturday were being tricked into using pens with disappearing ink so their choice on the ballot would vanish before it was counted. Greek vote 'too close to call' Taliban to ban polio vaccinations for children until US stops drone strikes Russian Warships Said to Be Going to Naval Base in Syria  NYTimes.com Egypts ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has issued a new constitutional declaration granting itself near total autonomy in military matters and the ability to exercise a de facto veto over the drafting of a new constitution. Taikonauts reach Chinese space station Crew successfully enter experimental module in first stage of mission featuring China's first woman in space. Is the U.N. abandoning Syria's rebels? Hundreds of United Nations monitors halt their mission as Bashar alAssad and Syrian rebels flout the U.N.'s ceasefire deal, raising fears of allout civil war
 Diet or Quit Pakistan Tells PotBellied Police The paralyzed man who tweets with his eyes, and wants to die Thousands of Turkish Women March Against Plans to Restrict Access to Abortion  Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan catapulted the issue into public debate when he called abortion murder Violence erupts on Israel's Egypt, Gaza borders The Ethiopian government is forcibly displacing tens of thousands from their land to make way for staterun sugar plantations Pope to Irish Child abuse by clergy shook Catholic faith; calls motive a mystery Australia's oldest artwork found Archeologist discovers Aboriginal rock art made 28,000 years ago in Northern Territory cave Secret EU summit document shows first step to Banking Union Brave man jumps into Moscow river after seeing a car plunge into the water, saves woman driver... as his own car and clothes get stolen. Egyptian Military grants itself sweeping powers; effectively military coup. British comedian Jimmy Carr, who has openly criticised Barclays Bank for tax avoidance, is exposed as main beneficiary in huge tax avoidance scheme Alcohol consumption would fall 25% if cannabis cafes were allowed

 Canada Passes it's version of the DMCA (Bill C11) through the Commons today.  Most of Reddit, and Canadian media fail to notice. Sea Sick Another virus crashes Canadas salmon farms  Critics say the farms should've seen this coming.  A professor claimed that wild sockeye tested in 2011 showed a more serious virus was present in B.C. waters. The government seized his samples & declared the virus wasn't present.   Female singer in Pakistan who defied taliban decree against singing shot dead in driveby Vatican accuses media of imitating Dan Brown and said the Roman Catholic Church's latest travails were part of the Devil's attempt to destabilize it. BBC News  Ship 'carrying Russian attack helicopters to Syria' halted off Scotland Iceland Named Most Peaceful Country in the World Swiss army 'loses track' of 10,000 firearms A magnitude 5.2 earthquake has shaken parts of southern Victoria, Australia   Iran, Russia, China, Syria to hold drill  12 Chinese warships to sail through the Suez Canal, Russian atomic submarines / aircraft carriers to take part  Egypt Revolutionary forces call for mass protest against 'coup d'tat' India announces USD 10 billion for debtwracked eurozone Hamas renews rocket fire from Gaza; 11 missiles explode in southern Israel With inspiration from a friend too lazy to take a shower and a few months of research on the Internet, South African university student Ludwick Marishane has won global recognition for an invention that takes the water out of bathing. Canadian mining companies are 'the new conquistadors.'  Mexico's drug war rocks U.S. and Canadian expat stronghold '...last month suspected druggang hitmen kidnapped a group of Mexican locals and dumped 18 decapitated bodies in two vehicles just miles from the lakeside tourist enclave of Ajijic.' According to Iranian news sources, Iran, Russia, 
China and Syria will soon hold the Middle East's 
largest ever war games  the exercises will 
reportedly involve 90,000 troops, 400 warplanes 
and 1,000 tanks from the four countries At least seven Turkish soldiers killed in ambush by Kurdish rebels, state TV says. Britain fires first shot for military intervention in Syria Canadian gov't to eavesdrop on people coming into country BBC News  WikiLeaks' Julian Assange seeks asylum in Ecuador embassy Zimbabwe's Mugabe Motorcade in Deadly Crash  One reported killed &  15 others injured.  A car in the motorcade hit a commuter bus__ the 3rd such accident in 2 weeks.  Police spokesman said a bus failed to make way for the president's vehicles quickly enough. b'6,200 babies sick Milk scandal spreading ' b'Afghan farmers are pulling up poppies for wheat' b'Venezuela Says U.S. Uses AntiDrug List as Weapon of Domination' b'6 more people die in another US missile strike in Pakistan' b'U.S. may use Georgian air bases to strike at Iran' b'Russia may sell more air defense systems to Iran' b'Russian President Threatens Arctic Annexation' b'China accuses US of financial Weapon of Mass Destruction' b'Terror on the high seas the brutal return of piracy' b'Israel Takes Step Toward Electing Woman PM, Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni Wins Kadima Party Primary; In Good Position To Become First Female Leader In 34 Years' Bush U.S. Embassy attack a reminder nation 'at war'.  Does anybody still listen to this guy? b'China Blames US for Tainted Dairy Products, 100 children Sick' b'In a world first, women in the majority in Rwanda legislature' b'Blogger Posts Malaysian Flag Upside Down; Arrested For Sedition' b'How the economy tanked for dummies' b'Iraqis kills 3 contractors, city Fallujah is razed. U.S. soldier kills 4 bounded Iraqs, gets 7 months.' b'CIA Chief Speaks of Trying to Provoke Terrorists as Latest Drone Strike Kills Seven in South Waziristan' b'German Authorities Wiretap Skype, Raid Homes of Whistleblowers.' b'In Yemen, a Planned Massacre of Americans Is Averted' b'Livni sweeps Kadima race; Olmert pledges cooperation ' b'Rising prices tip another 75 million towards starvation' Sri Lanka's navy says it has fought a sea battle with Tamil rebels, a day after what the military described as the heaviest day of fighting in weeks. b'official poverty rates of 51.8% in Gaza and 19.1% in the West Bank soar to 79.4% and 45.7%' b'India deploys planes with Nuclear Capability in Kashmir ' b'Tariq Ali Has the U.S. Invasion of Pakistan Begun?' b'Unbelievable hypocrisy Islamic hate preacher from the Saudi dictatorship is allowed into the UK (Jews are descendants of rats and pigs, and so on) while elected Dutch antiIslamist parliamentarian from a fellow EU member state is refused entry.' I... I think I was just goatse'd by The Economist. b'US Kills Five Afghan Cucumber Farmers in Air Strike ' b'USA Sends Investment Defrauder Bernie Madoff to Jail. China Executes Investment Defrauders.' b'a friend of mine was threatened with arrest for  having a picnic in Parliament Square, her offence  was the pink icing on her cake which spelt the word  peace.' b'A police officer who was renowned for his work against London drug dealers was found dead in his flat from a heroin overdose' b'Not The Onion China lawyer who fought unfair arrest is arrested' b'UK Government claims that the story about the ID card being hacked in 12 minutes is absolute rubbish ' b'In kingdom, Saudi prince's coup 'fails'. Saudi Prince Bandar bin Sultan, the kingdom's former ambassador to the United States, is reportedly under house arrest over a conspiracy against the monarch.' b'Clinton deal lowers HIV drug cost in poor nations' b'How Nixon helped Israel seal its nuclear ambiguity' b'Heavy metals scandal, Beijing arrests journalists rather than help the sick' 'Hero' Greek woman sets fire to drunken Briton's genitals   Telegraph b'Malaysia examines Internet filter, tougher controls' b'We're talking about the Yankees, the most aggressive nation in human history. ' b'Journalists Entered North Korea, Sister Says' b'White House says policy toward North Korea unchangedn' b'Rights group Hamas may have committed war crimes' b'There has long been a split on the left between rationalists and relativists, between those who are willing to stand up for liberty in all circumstances and those who hide behind cultural relativism and a who are we to judge mentality to avoid doing so' b'Israel arrests leader of Bilin nonviolent protests  part of ongoing Israeli efforts to end the nonviolent resistance' b'Attack on Christians a further crisis for Pakistann' b'Rehabilitated Nobel Prize winner who fell for Hitler' b'Divisions rock Palestinian Fatah conference first Fatah party conference in 20 years has been extended amid infighting between delegates, some reformists walked out' b'South Korea Class war in midst of economic crisis  Ssangyong workers occupy plant, win partial victory' b'A remote, littleknown people are at the center of Chinas worst ethnic violence in decades.' b'I am a terrorist, shoot on sight New British ID card, supposedly unhackable and containing very personal information, cloned and modified in minutes' b'Italy approved the use of RU486, the abortion drug. The Vatican warned of immediate excommunication for doctors prescribing the pill and for women taking it!!' b'The Israeli government insists that these photos of Bibi Netanyahu visiting the Dimona nuclear plant are not photos of Bibi Netanyahu visting the Dimona nuclear plant' Remember the four Uighars prisoners released from Gitmo to Bermuda after 7 years of captivity? They've scored jobs at the seaside Port Royal course which will host the PGA Grand Slam of Golf in October. Article has photo of them free and happy piloting a golf cart. b'Remember the Israeli group that a few weeks ago presented testimony from soldiers detailing their abuse of civilians in the Gaza conflict? Israel is putting pressure on donors and governments to stop supporting them.' b'Lying about Iraq made me quit, British Ministry of Defence press officer claims' b'Bhopal gas disaster's legacy lives on 25 years later  The company, Sarangi alleges, did not want the drug to be used, because its effectiveness would demonstrate that the poison had gone into the bloodstream. The clinic was quickly closed down by the police. ' More than 50 Muslim leaders repeatedly called Nigeria's police, local authorities and state security to urge them to take action against Boko Haram sect militants but their pleas were ignored. b'Air France found a problem with reading light wiring on Airbus A340s that could cause an inflight fire, which prompted EASA to release a proposed airworthiness directive today.' If Rupert Murdoch is to make a success of charging for all his papers' content online, expect more attacks on the BBC b'Remember when the Israeli FM said the US would accept Israeli decision on settlements?  He was right. ' b'Kurds turn up the heat on Baghdad ' b'WTF? The U.S. is going to finance oil drilling off the coast of Brazil?' b'Indonesia may slip to starvation within 5 years Report' b'Nigeria offers amnesty and a stipend to oil militants willing to give up their weapons and retrain.  The country's main militant groups says, No, thanks.' b'China seals off plague town' Clinton's high drama Korean mission b'Sayed Kashua tells the BBC what it is like to being an Israeli Arab and why his own Arab community is finding it hard to laugh at his jokes.' b'Hong Kong triad boss run down and hacked to bits in front of luxury hotel' b'Global alert on Mumbai terror suspects' b'Fox News gives voice to the Journalists shouldnt be in North Korea, caught ones should sit out there sentence in jail and perhaps never come back to America side of the debate.' b'People trying to flee China plague town' b'Death by Hanging for two men and a woman convicted of bomb attacks in 2003 at Mumbai, India  ' b'Baghdad to remove blast walls around neighborhoods ' b'Major new development  Kremlin City  planned for Moscow island' Canada will not sign a TransPacific Partnership trade deal that would allow Japanese vehicles into North America with fewer parts manufactured here, says Ed Fast, the federal minister of international trade. An unelected allmale village council in India has ordered that two sisters be raped as punishment for their brother eloping with a married woman. They also ordered for the sisters to be paraded naked with blackened faces. Pirate Bay Founder Released From Jail But Immediately ReArrested USA asked Norway to arrest Edward Snowden German sailor Erik Heil has required surgery for a serious skin infection after competing in a test regatta for the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games. Hamas just released a video showing off their rebuilt Gaza tunnels. A lawyer who represented Christian churches that had their crosses torn down by the Chinese government has disappeared China likely to drag the world into global recession, Citibank says 4.4 magnitude earthquake in northern B.C. caused by fracking Canadian whooping cough cases soar over last year; only 72 % kids in affected area are vaccinated TTIP deal Business lobbyists dominate talks at expense of trade unions and NGOs This is a corporate discussion, not a democratic one Japanese police bracing for gang war as Yamaguchigumi mafia group splits Reports Japans biggest crime syndicate is about split with potential outbreak of violence between breakaway group and those loyal to leader Tsukasa Turkish police have detained two British journalists from Vice News for reporting from the predominantly Kurdish southeast without government accreditation, security sources said on Friday. CocaCola to Replenish 100% of Water It Uses 5 Years Ahead of Schedule Fury as archaeological site ruined and replaced with picnic table Brazil's economy enters recession Israel makes video to thank Shanghai for helping Jews during Holocaust Australian Border Force recieves new military uniforms, ordered to stop citizens and ask for their papers in Melbourne this weekend Swiss envoy says invest in Iran, Middle East's pole of stability as Europeans race back to Iran European Commission officials have held hundreds of meetings with lobbyists to discuss the proposed Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) treaty  yet only around one in ten is with public interest groups. As shoals of anchovies and sardines have migrated south into cooler waters, the population of African Penguins that feeds on the fish has plummeted by 90 percent since 2004 along South Africas west coast  the continents only species of the flightless bird  are at risk of extinction. Australian 'Border Force' to patrol Melbourne CBD as part of antisocial behaviour operation HIV particles do not cause AIDS, the body's own immune cells do researchers revealed that the HIV 'death pathway'  how 95 percent of cells die from the virus  is only initiated if the virus is passed by the hosts own immune system, not if cells are infected by freefloating viral particles. Wikileaks hacker turned FBI informer pleads guilty to sexual assault charges against nine boys in Iceland Wife of a former Afghan translator for the British Forces loses baby after being punched in the stomach by a Taliban commander for refusing to reveal her husband's whereabouts. 7Eleven Australia has been found to be systematically paying its workers half the minimum wage at stores around the country. Julian Assange 'told Edward Snowden not seek asylum in Latin America' because he could have been kidnapped and possibly killed there | WikiLeaks founder says he told the NSA whistleblower he could be kidnapped or killed, and that he was better off sheltering in Russia despite negative PR The most rigorous test of quantum theory ever carried out has confirmed that the spooky action at a distance that the German physicist famously hated  in which manipulating one object instantaneously seems to affect another, far away one  is an inherent part of the quantum world. Canada government suspends scientist for folk song about prime minister  The song was written by Tony Turner, who worked at govt agency Environment Canada & is a mainstay on the Ottawa folk music scene NASA begins yearlong 'Mars isolation' experiment | A crew testing how a small group of humans might cope with a trip to Mars has started their 12month mission. They will have to eat, communicate, and live exactly as they would on Mars  in a tiny dome in Hawaii. Former Catholic archbishop found dead ahead of child sexual abuse trial Zimbabwe to Ship 100s of Elephants to China  24 already sent & 170 on the way. Deal is all the more controversial since demand for ivory among Chinese consumers is propelling poaching to historic levels. They're to be in a park where wild animals appear in circusstyle performances. Japanese high school students form labor union for protection in parttime jobs 2015 will be the hottest year on record 'by a mile', experts say Several Belgian police officers to be given special protection after pictures of them and their family members found on the phone of a suspected terrorist Malaysian government bans the color yellow hours before peaceful rally for cleaner elections El Salvador records 51 violent deaths in single day Tens of thousands of Malaysians wearing yellow Tshirts and blowing horns defiantly held a major rally in the capital Saturday to demand the resignation of embattled Prime Minister Najib Razak Middle East faces water shortages for the next 25 years, study says  Rising population & dwindling water supplies will affect millions of people & exacerbate conflict in the region Bryce Casavant, who refused to kill bear cubs, removed from Conservation Service Chad executes 10 Boko Haram members by firing squad sources Bangkok bomb Thai police arrest man over Erawan blast Finland detains Russian citizen accused of computer fraud in U.S. Snowden may get freedom prize at border | The Norwegian academy which gave Edward Snowden a free speech prize is planning to hold a symbolic ceremony for the whistleblower at the country's farnorthern border with Russia Hereford (UK) couple married for 45 years separated over visa row. Mrs Summers (Dutch by birth) has been forced to fly to her home in Canada leaving her husband alone in hospital as he recovers from a cancer operation. The U.S. military confirmed on Friday that a British hacker who was one of the Islamic State movement's top computer experts and active in encouraging people abroad to carry out lone wolf attacks was killed in Syria by a U.S. air strike. Malaysia braces for major protests against PM Najib Razak  Switzerland expressed regret on Friday after its ambassador to Iran displayed a cartoon depicting two doves defecating on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus head Polish official says gold train 99% likely to exist FBI demanded Scandinavian countries arrest Edward Snowden should he visit b'Chavez shuts down 34 radio stations  says stations and radio waves no longer belong to the bourgeoisie' b'CIA Documents from the US embassy in Iran were shredded into thin strips and Iranians managed to piece them back together. In 1983 they were published in 54 volumes titled Documents From the U.S. Espionage Den' b'Woman set to be flogged for wearing pants in Sudan fights back. Her hearing is tomorrow!' b'Saturday morning in a Christian village in Pakistan, Muslims marched [in] to avenge what they believed was the desecration of a Koran one week earlier. When it was over, dozens of houses were torched... two villagers were shot dead... Five others, including two children, burned alive.' b'New HIV strain discovered in woman from Cameroon' b'The Amazing Unseen Hitler Films just found and have not been digitized' b'The five (US) horsemen of the global financial Apocalypse finally revealed JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, and Morgan Stanley hold 80% of all derivatives risk, and 96% of all business exposure to credit derivatives.' b'Pneumonic plague outbreak in China' Berlin's luxury car arsonists use slowburning fuses to torch an average of one luxury car per day. More than 170 cars have been destroyed and police confirm conservatively that 93 were politically motivated attacks. b'Instead of stopping Jewish settlements within the potential Palestinian State, Israeli police evicted two Palestinian families in east Jerusalem on Sunday, then allowed Jewish settlers to move into their homes.' b'Former Irish president Mary Robinson 'bullied' by proIsrael lobbyists There's a lot of bullying by certain elements of the Jewish community. They bully people who try to address the severe situation in Gaza and the West Bank. Archbishop Desmond Tutu gets the same criticism.n' b'NHS stops giving painkillers to back pain patients to save money, now recommending acupuncture or osteopathy instead. Result Thousands just have to live with pain.' b'Eric Cantor (RVA) sounds more like a PR man for Israel than an American congressman' Iraqi Vice President's guards arrested for $4.8M  bank robbery. b'Israeli Police Urge Indictment of Foreign Minister Lieberman in Corruption Case' b'Al Qaeda offers ceasefire in exchange for withdrawal from Afghanistan' b'Liberia's deputy ambassador will travel to Phoenix in hopes of meeting with the 8year old who was raped by minors then abandoned by her parents. Liberians all over the world are very much outraged and don't want to be stigmatized by this.' b'Half of the fresh fruit and veg sold across the UK is contaminated with toxic pesticides' Georgia has accused Russia of trying to seize more of its territory as the anniversary of last year's brief war between the two countries approaches. b'Ahmadinejad and Khamenei kiss and make up at swearingin ceremony, but dozens of parliamentarians and members of the influential Assembly of Experts neglect to attend, signaling their intent to continue protesting.' b'Plague Kills Second Man in Northwest China as Town Quarantined  Bloomberg.com' b'Photos show a mystery building in Burma near its Russianconstructed nuclear reactor site; is the junta going go break out with the bomb?' b'If any Israeli citizen refuses to see his or her country embracing fascism any further, let he or she speak out, speak out loud, and speak out now, without waiting for the next elections' b'Magnitude 6.9 quake shakes Mexico and California, part of a quake swarm; more to come?' Iran is ready to build an Nbomb  it is just waiting for the Ayatollah's order  says Western Intelligence source. b'SOS from Iceland!' Wikileaks publishes Kaupthing bank's loan information right before Iceland's economic meltdown last October b'Israel and Palestine Ehud Olmert offered the Palestinians nearly 94% of the West Bank as the basis of their wouldbe state, plus Israeli territory to make up the remaining 6%, plus a safepassage roadcorridor to link Gaza with the West Bank and to internationalise the sovereignty of Jerusalem' Two families, totalling 55 people are kicked out of their homes so Israeli land thieves can move in and take more control of East Jerusalem.  Netanyahu chimed in by saying 'Israels sovereignty over the entire city cannot be challenged. ' b'A homophobic attack in a gay teen gathering in TelAviv. 2 dead, 10 wounded.' b'Black riot gear clad Israeli police have evicted nine Palestinian families living in two houses (some for over 50 years) in occupied East Jerusalem.  Jewish settlers moved into the houses almost immediately.' Israel evicts Palestinian families who've been living in their East Jerusalem home since 1956 to build a hotel. The body of Capt. Michael 'Scott' Speicher, the first American lost in the 1991 Persian Gulf War, found in Iraq.   Putin dives to bottom of world's deepest lake b'U.S. demands autistic hacker from the U.K. British lawmakers plead with Obama to end this shameful episode.' b'US now Coalition of the One' b'Clubwielding Israeli riot police evicts 53 Palestinians from their old Jerusalem homes to Jewish settlers who claim they have title deeds for the properties, despite UN and Palestinian denials.' Poisoning Africans so you can buy cheaper Gap and Levi's jeans Former Iranian president Khatami has denounced the trial of around 100 people accused of rioting in the wake of the country's disputed elections b'A very moving BBC story about North Korean refugees.' b'Ireland Welcomes Stranded American Troops ' b'Jewish association claims ownership rights over property in East Jerusalem based on a forged Ottoman era deed. This is upheld by Israeli courts and Palestinian families are evicted.' b'He said skills such as reading a person's mood and body language were in decline, and that exclusive use of electronic information had a dehumanising effect on community life.' b'Homeless in Poland, Men Dream of Odyssey ' b'Fiji On Edge of Banishment From Commonwealth' b'Pakistan Funny SMSs may land Pakistanis in for a fourteen year prison sentence' b'Gap Factory a Danger to African Children Illegally Dumping Chemical Waste' b'Cuban president vows to defend socialism They didn't elect me president to restore capitalism in Cuba, nor to surrender the revolution, Castro said to loud applause. I was elected to defend, maintain and continue perfecting socialism, not to destroy it.' Johnson 'can't stop extradition' Home Secretary Alan Johnson has said he would be breaking the law if he blocked hacker Gary McKinnon's extradition. b'Blackclad, masked gunman stormed into the Tel Aviv Gay and Lesbian Association building and opened fire on a teenage support group. Two killed. Eight wounded. Mostly minors. ' b'Anyone with an interest in China, its economy, its place in the world, or the kind of future it will fashion, please take note This is a big deal.' b'An Indian court issued a warrant Friday for the arrest of the former head of the American chemical company responsible for a gas leak that killed at least 10,000 people in Bhopal ' b'Poll shows Americans are more supportive of, or less opposed to, torture than countries such as China, Egypt and Iran.' b'In South Africa, Lesbians Are Corrected Of Their Homosexuality By Being Gang Raped By Over 30 Men' b'Colombian soldiers jailed for killing civilians and trying to pass them off as rebel combatants' b'Six Christians killed over Quran claims  In eastern Pakistan, homes torched over allegations holy book was defiled' b'WSJ Leader of Hamas said his organization is prepared to cooperate with the U.S. in promoting a peaceful resolution to the ArabIsraeli conflict if the White House can secure an Israeli settlement freeze and a lifting of the economic and military blockade of the Gaza Strip.' On August 1st, 2009, Danzan Ravjaa's treasure chests buried in the Gobi will be unearthed. These treasures were hidden in the Gobi desert  seventy years ago, following the socialist purge in the 1930's. b'Cuba Air conditioners are shut off in the dead heat. Factories close at peak hours, and workers go without their governmentsubsidized lunches. ' b'Riot police tackle protestors in Kuala LumpurnTear gas used on crowd of 5,000 led by Anwar Ibrahim demonstrating at laws allowing the government to imprison without trial.' b'Melbourne Film Festival showing Film by Zhao Liang plight of thousands of Chinese  site targeted by DoS attack of Chinese Origin  Coincidence?' b'Malaysian police fire tear gas and water cannons and arrest dozens of people during a street protest against a law allowing detention without trial' b'Nigeria on the brink The killing of an Islamist leader and his followers will not end violence. Only better government can stop the country becoming a failed state' b'Revered exPhilippines president Cory Aquino dies ' b'Yemen Gitmo inmate died of asphyxiation' b'Restaurant patrons ordered not to smoke cigarettes, smoked the owner instead' b'UK broadband customers are being sold superfast connections that their ISP are unable to achieve; users are struggling with speeds of less than half the rate they signed up to' b'Vae Victis (Woe to the vanquished). Italy belongs to a economical, political and mafia lobby that never answers to the people for its actions ' b'Chinese hackers attack film festival site  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)' b'Employees assume control at London children's home Raythorne said he and his colleagues were prepared to face a police standoff if necessary' b'Swedes are also among those that spend the least amount of time at work each week, almost an hour below the EU average. ' b'Pakistani Christians Killed in Religious Unrest' b'Census Worlds older population will triple by 2050, adding stress to government programs' b'Fearing the Moonwalk Revolution East German Stasi Spied on Michael Jackson' Lonesome George in his Nineties, has finally come out of his shell and will be a Daddy, ol' timers do have fun. A group of US Marines foiled a potential terror attack on a French train North Korea warns it 'will attack South at 8.30am Saturday' as Kim Jongun declares state of war Explosion at chemical warehouse in China's Shandong province U.S. confirms Islamic State use of chemical weapons Magnetic Wormhole Created in Lab  This device can transmit the magnetic field from one point in space to another point, through a path that is magnetically invisible, said study coauthor Jordi PratCamps, a doctoral candidate in physics at the Autonomous University of Barcelona in Spain. North Korea Official Kim Jong Un Approves Final Attack Operation On South Korea S. Korea, U.S. fly 8 combat jets in show of force against N. Korea Povertystricken people are being encouraged to plead guilty to crimes they did not commit out of fear they will face crippling costs imposed by new financial penalties, leading lawyers, magistrates and campaigners have warned. London schoolgirl 'radicalised' by parents' IS propaganda must be removed from home, judge rules Nasa has confirmed  after rumours swept the internet about an imminent asteroid strike expected between 15 and 28 September  that the twoweek period in question will be entirely free of Earthdestroying space attacks. DPRK has positioned artillery inside the DMZ and moved additional forces to the lines. China stocks crash 11% in a week DPRK and ROK still in high level negotiation well after midnight in an apparent move to end escalation. Ashley Madison faces $578M Canadian classaction lawsuit Islamic State is systematically destroying heritage sites, says UNESCO chief Plane crashes at airshow in West Sussex Slovakia Will Only Take Christian Migrants Because Muslims 'Won't Like It Here' White House ISIS No. 2 killed by US strike Koreas to hold talks amid tension Indias obesity problem is so huge, officials want to ban junkfood sales to students  A government committee recommended a prohibition on vendors of highfat and highsugar treats within 656 feet of campuses. South Korea ready to respond to further 'provocations' as North's deadline looms. Seoul says it will continue border propaganda broadcasts unless North accepts responsibility for landmine explosions that wounded 2 South Korean soldiers earlier this month North Korea suffers Internet outages in leadup to potential war Asylum 'could cost Germany 10bn' in 2015  Based on new projections for the number of asylum seekers expected to arrive in Germany this year, the country may have to find 10 billion to fund its already creaking system. Malaysian politician Jews and white people are out to destroy Malaysian Muslims by turning them against the Prime Minister Najib Razak Thousands of migrants rush past police into Macedonia Thousands of prehistoric mammoth tusks are being dug out of the melting permafrost of the Arctic. They are then shipped to China for the ivorycarving industry, causing some scientists to question whether this perfectly legal trade should be banned. Dresden riots Protesters in Germany attack refugee buses shouting 'foreigners out' N. Korean 'subs out for operations, artillery doubled,' talks with South resume Tianjin Officials All Those Dead Fish Are Nothing to Worry About  Chinese authorities deny deaths of 1000s of fish near scene of a catastrophic industrial disaster are linked to last weeks chemical explosions in Tianjin that killed at least 114 people. Swiss army ends 31day cow rescue mission  Crew airlifted water to thirsty cows during drought, delivering 1,840 tons of water July 20thAug 19. The mission suffered a minor diplomatic incident when the Swiss army took water from lakes in the French Jura. Australia, New Zealand firefighters head to US western states to battle blazes. A Million North Koreans Volunteer To Fight Islamic leaders join growing religious outcry over climate change  Call on faithful, urging Muslims to phase out greenhouse gas emissions & commit to renewable energy. Scholars from 20 countries issue Islamic Declaration on Climate Change, asking worlds 1.6 billion Muslims to do their part. How AT&T Helped the NSA Spy on Millions | United States of Secrets | FRONTLINE 31 Police Officers Injured as AntiImmigrant Protesters Riot in Germany | VICE News South Korean spokesman says highlevel talks with North Korea have adjourned until Sunday afternoon United Arab Emirates special forces frees British hostage held by Alqaeda Yemen Worlds oldest message in a bottle ever found finally washes up after 108 years Romanian city offers free rides on public transport if you're reading a book Belarusian President Frees All 6 Political Prisoners Freeing political prisoners was a condition set by the European Union and United States for improved relations with Belarus Chinese mock claims Beijing is most liveable city in the country Millions Of Dollars Worth Of Dissolved Gold and Silver Found in Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand Kurds Fighting the Islamic State Enraged at Turkey Over Brutal Killing of Female Fighter S. Korea's six fighter jets return home ahead of schedule from Alaska drills Russia, China start joint air, navy drills Italian navy rescues 4,400 migrants off Libya coast World's largest solar power station to come up in Madhya Pradesh, India Protest in Lebanon against corruption and the garbage problem leads to clash with the police. IndiaPakistan peace talks collapse hours before start Hundreds of migrants crossed unhindered from Greece into Macedonia on Sunday after overwhelmed security forces appeared to abandon a bid to stem their flow through the Balkans to western Europe following days of chaos and confrontation. ISIS beheads 81yearold pioneer archaeologist and foremost scholar on ancient Syria. Held captive for 1 month, he refused to tell ISIS the location of the treasures of Palmyra unto death. A Police Officer in New Zealand used excessive force during an arrest. The three other officers at the scene immediately reported the incident to their supervisor and appeared as witnesses against the officer in court. North Korea fires shells at South Korean military along western border Cyanide levels at Tianjin explosion 356 times the limit Narcolepsy medication modafinil is world's first safe 'smart drug'  They concluded that the drug, which is prescribed for narcolepsy but is increasingly taken without prescription by healthy people, can improve decision making, problemsolving and possibly even make people think more creatively. Mexicos government on Wednesday slammed US presidential hopeful Donald Trumps proposals to deport undocumented immigrants en masse and make Mexicans pay for a wall separating the two countries as absurd, racist and ignorant. Ashley Madison leak confirmed to be real and worse than originally thought. Russians are experiencing the first sustained decline in living standards in the 15 years since President Vladimir V. Putin came to power. MPs and peers state that drug use is a human right and call for drug policy reform and human rights legislation that could be used to decriminalise possession, purchase and growing of drugs. Alberta man fined for Fuck Harper sign July 2015 was the warmest month ever recorded for the globe, according to records dating back to 1880 Journalist from The Beijing Daily sneaked into the Tianjin site and provided an account of what he saw Migrants crisis Slovakia 'will only accept Christians' Half of Jerusalem Arabs want to be Israelis Global banks are facing a threat of lawsuits worth billions of dollars following a landmark settlement in New York over rigging in currency markets.Lawyers warned the victory opens the floodgates for an even greater number of claims in London, the largest foreign exchange trading hub in the world. South Korea orders evacuation of residents from border area after exchange of fire with North Korea People who work 55 hours or more per week have a 33 percent greater risk of stroke and a 13 percent greater risk of coronary heart disease than those working standard hours, researchers reported on Wednesday. Islamic State (IS) militants are destroying satellite dishes and television receivers in civilian homes to prevent people from watching dangerous foreign channels that air antiIS reports Germany refugee riot injures 15 after Koran defaced Nazi gold train 'found in Poland' Indictment Palestinian Authority money used by terror cell to kill Israeli civilian. The money was provided as a monthly stipend to the cell's leader after his release from Israeli jail in a prisoner exchange Renewables supplied 49.8% of Scotland's 2014 electricity demand 47% of Taiwan's poulation lacks alcoholmetabolizing gene Germany expects refugee numbers to quadruple to record 800,000 Hepatitis C sufferer imports lifesaving drugs from India, takes on global pharmaceutical company Kim Jong Un orders North Korea military to prepare for war (from Friday at 5 PM) Zurich cops 'won't report' on criminals' ethnicity  Zurich communal authorities have instructed city police to stop releasing the nationality of criminals to the media to avoid stigmatization. Greek PM Alexis Tsipras announces his resignation, triggering snap elections. Pakistani Terrorist Gets a Film Banned Because It Makes Him Look Bad Russia Wants Composer Rachmaninoffs Remains Back  A Russian minister sparks an international debate by announcing his intention to reclaim Rachmaninoffs remains from a cemetery in New York state. He received American citizenship shortly before death. His music was banned in Soviet Russia. Chinese police arrest 15,000 for Internet crimes that jeopardized Internet security. China launched a sixmonth program last month, codenamed Cleaning the Internet. Russia threatens to block Wikipedia over cannabis page Victoria to fasttrack the construction of 50 new wind turbines worth $200m  Premier Daniel Andrews has moved in an opposite direction to Tony Abbott over renewable energy with a plan he says will create 1,000 jobs for regional Victoria Park orders military to sternly deal with any N. Korean provocations Refugee center in Germany set ablaze following rioting over torn Koran North Korea says preparation for military action is complete BP lobbied against EU support for clean energy to favour gas, documents reveal  BP was part of oil & gas lobby that successfully undermined EU renewable energy targets & subsidies in favour of gas as a climate fix in 2011 S. Korea, U.S. raise their WATCHCON alert level after N. Korea's shelling Sumatran Rhinos Now Extinct in Malaysia Religious instruction to be scrapped from curriculum next year in Victoria, Australia Turkey accuses BBC of supporting terrorism over PKK female fighter report. Turkey called on the BBC to treat the PKK the same way they did the Irish Republican Army during bombing attacks on Northern Ireland Antarctic scientists have confirmed the existence of cosmic neutrinos  ghostly particles that have traveled from the Milky Way and beyond. These particles carry messages from distant galaxies, and could potentially help solve several cosmic puzzles. The Wikipedia page of things banned in Russia may soon include Wikipedia itself | Russias media regulator, Roskomnadzor, is threatening to ban Wikipedia due to an entry about that contains a recipe for charas, a form of hashish China plunders Zimbabwe wildlife All goods bought from overseas (Amazon etc) into Australia will face a 10 per cent goods and services tax from July 2017 under a landmark deal agreed to by state and territory treasuries. Queensland kills 621 sharks in a yr under protection program  State fisheries minister denies the program is a cull but is merely aimed at catching sharks near popular beaches Peru, against US opposition, approves shooting down of small planes suspected of carrying drugs New study finds that Humans are 'superpredators' like no other species in history Romanian workers in Berlin say they are being exploited. Israel hits Syria with air and artillery fire after 4 rockets land near Lebanon border Switzerland has completed the construction of the 57 km long Gotthard Base Tunnel, connecting Milan to Zurich Ancient Greek palace unearthed near Sparta dates back to 17th century BC. Nearly a billion monarch butterflies have vanished. Now their haven in Mexico is also disappearing More than 52 acres of a haven where the butterflies hibernate over winter has been degraded, mostly by deforestation from illegal logging, with drought helping the decline. Secret 'dark net' operation saves scores of children from sexual abuse Rare Nautilus Sighted For The First Time In Three Decades ISIS Brutalizes Boys to Create an Army of Child Soldiers, Victims Say. Israeli NGO accused of subsidizing Jewish extremists with US money North Korea's 50 Missing Submarines Have Apparently Reappeared Following Truce Canadian dollar slips below 75 cents for first time since 2004 Hungary may use army to secure border against migrants. Poland drought Jewish tombstones and fighter plane uncovered as rivers run dry. Prolonged drought has seen rivers fall to record lows, throwing up archaeological remnants and relics of Polands wartime past The mayor of Venice, who this month had a public row with British rock star Elton John over family values, has said he never wants to see a Gay Pride parade take place in the lagoon city while he is in charge New Milestone 2.5Mln Europeans Sign Online Petition to Stop TTIP, CETA US to welcome 5,000 to 8,000 Syrian refugees in 2016 By 2050, an area of forests the size of India is set to be wiped off the planet if humans continue on their current path of deforestation, according to a new report. Thats bad news for the creatures that depend on these forest ecosystems for survival, but its also bad news for the climate Snowden of the Sea Researchers Name New Crayfish After NSA Leaker Canada has engineered bacteria that send a remote signal when water sources get polluted Migrants crisis Germany's Merkel booed at Heidenau centre Thailand destroys ivory stockpile in ceremony amid junta crackdown on illegal trade A pioneering procedure has led to a baby being born from the same womb that nurtured his mother. The Swedish mother, who lost her uterus to cancer in her 20s, said it was unimaginable that she now had her own child thanks to her mothers donated womb. TransPacific Trade Agreement Potential damage to global public health Germany has reportedly begun taking steps towards banning the use of all genetically modified crops. New rules will allow individual member states to block farmers from using GM organisms, even if the variety has been approved on an EUwide basis. Senior Iran aide Israel should be annihilated, and this is our ultimate slogan Italy hits back at Merkel in migrants row  Italy's foreign minister Asking Greece and Italy to do their duty on immigration is like asking a country hit by floods to step up the production of umbrellas Court orders Russia to pay compensation for Greenpeace ship seizure. A court in the Netherlands has ordered Russia to pay compensation for seizing the Greenpeace ship Arctic Sunrise during a protest against an offshore oil platform two years ago India just turned off mobile internet for 63 million citizens amid protests in Ahmedabad Germany hands over citizens metadata in return for NSAs top spy software German Justice Minister criticizes Facebook's double standards German users are struggling to understand why Facebook is quick to ban nudity, but often fails to ban posts that constitute the criminal offense of incitement to hatred. ConfirmedLongLost Nazi loot train found in Poland Up to 50 refugees found dead in truck in Austria Newspaper reports initial indications were that they suffocated. Delta governor(Nigeria) scored more votes than number of voters, INEC confirms Mystery as rare saiga antelopes drop dead in their thousands. The world population of saiga antelope has halved in less than two weeks after 140,000 animals perished on the Kazakhstan steppes without any obvious cause. Diamonds Worth Millions Vanish from 'Russia's Fort Knox' Rough diamonds worth millions of dollars have reportedly disappeared from Russia's supposedly impenetrable repository created by the Bolsheviks to store the tsar's jewels. According to the 23year record of satellite data from NASA and its partners, the sea level is rising a few millimeters a year  a fraction of an inch. If you live on the U.S. East Coast, though, your sea level is rising two or three times faster than average. Muslims not doing 'enough' to fight Islamic State Jordan's Queen Rania Denmark cuts benefits for asylum seekers  Danish lawmakers on Wednesday approved cutting welfare benefits for new asylum seekers in a bid to curtail arrivals. Israel Professor Uri Shanas launches crowdfunding campaign to buy 1.4% of earth for conservation First female prime minister for Greece announced Fake Goldman Sachs bank found in China TTIP controversy The European Commission and Big Tobacco accused of coverup after heavily redacted documents released Ethiopia has launched the first space program in East Africa Knut the polar bear's cause of death revealed  They analysed samples of Knuts cerebrospinal fluid and found high levels of an antibody known to attack a glutamate receptor in the brain. In humans, this is a sign of a disease called autoimmune encephalitis, the first ever reported in a nonhuman. Drunk Gunman Fires 30 Shots and Kills Four at Traveler Camp in North of France Saudi Arabia is set to break its own record of 192 beheading as the country has executed 102 condemned prisoners Tajikistan Steps Up Fight Against Islamic Radicalization, bans the sale of hijabs and niqabs. Britishborn Isis hacker killed US drone strike in Syria kills Junaid Hussain North Korea's shiny new airport falls short of expectations Sea levels are rising around the world and the latest satellite data suggests that one metre or more is unavoidable in the next 100200 years, NASA scientists have said. The Nations That Will Be Hardest Hit by Water Shortages by 2040  The nations most likely to be hit by severe and continuous water shortages by 2040 include Bahrain (which will be the single most waterstressed), Israel, Palestine, Spain, and Chile. China warehouse explosion in Tianjin leads prosecutors to detain government officials, company executives Twitter has forced 30 websites that archive politician's deleted tweets to shut down, removing an effective tool to keep politicians honest The police officer who leaked the footage of the surfers paradise police brutality, where the victims blood was washed away by officers, has been criminally charged for bringing it to the publics view. Officers who did the bashing get nothing. The Australian Stock Market has plunged 2.5% in the first 20 minutes of opening for the week, losing $20 billion. The Chinese Stock Market has dropped 7% just an hour after opening, and the ripple effects are starting to be seen worldwide as markets open Chinese troops head to border with North Korea Two Ashley Madison clients reported to have taken their lives after hackers published their details  Canada police South Korea vows not to turn off its loudspeakers at the border unless North Korea apologizes Russia fined $115,000 for snubbing Canadas anthem at world hockey championships S. Korea Detects Unusual Submarine Activity From North as Envoys Meet Twitter has killed Politwoops, which monitored politicians deleted tweets in 30 countries Multiple explosions reported at US military facility in Japan Earth is on track to lose an Indiasized chunk of its tropical forests by midcentury Train gunman's lawyer He only meant to rob people, found Kalashnikov in a park near train station Boy stumbles, leaves hole in valuable painting at Da Vinci exhibit in Taipei. Pokemon World Championship Police seize firearms and arrest two men who promised to 'kill the competition' South Korea resumes loudspeaker operations Moday morning No Sign of End to Korea Talks as Kim Steps Up Force Mobilization World's fastestmelting glacier loses massive chunk in 2 days. This glacier alone could contribute more to sea level rise than any other single feature in the Northern Hemisphere, NASA stated on its website. Protests reject TPP as corporate power grab U.K. Orders Google To Forget 9 News Articles About The Right To Be Forgotten Russian ruble collapses to 7month low on weak oil prices 'I'm very scared' Russians brace for a ban on medical imports  The proposed ban has sparked dismay in Russia, where many hospitals are woefully underequipped Tension grows over 'lost' North Korean submarines as South Korea searches for vessels Kim Jongun snubs China's invitation to military parade U.S. confirms that Islamic State used mustard gas in a mortar attack on Kurdish forces in Makhmour on August 11th Chances Of Agreement From InterKorean Talks Not High, S. Korea, US Raise WATCHCON to Level 2 The first UN privacy chief has said the world needs a Geneva convention style law for the internet to safeguard data and combat the threat of massive clandestine digital surveillance. Israeli President Israel has 'right' to settle in West Bank For me, our right to this land is not a matter of political debate. It is a basic fact of modern Zionism China censoring Black Monday on countrys biggest search engine, Baidu, stopping citizens looking for information about financial chaos North and South Korea reach agreement to ease tensions. NK to apologize for landmines, SK to stop propaganda broadcasts. Russia lifts ban on Wikipedia 50 North Korean Submarines Have Reportedly Vanished in an 'Unprecedented' Deployment Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov sentenced to 20 years in jail in southern Russia on terrorist charges Koreas end marathon talks aimed at defusing tensions, reach agreement ISIS throws 9 homosexuals from tall building in Mosul Shanghai stock market opens down 6.1% Over 2,000 Russian troops killed during Ukraine invasion Russia bans Wikipedia 26 Japanese universities to abolish humanities, social sciences UNESCO calls ISILs destruction of ancient Roman temple a war crime World's greatest ever haul of supersize cave lion bones found in Urals  They also found a cave bear skull pierced with an ancient spear. Weapons also found. Germany opens its gates Berlin says all Syrian asylumseekers are welcome to remain, as Britain is urged to make a 'similar statement' Only 3 of 116 Guantnamo detainees were captured by US forces There is great reason to disbelieve claims that detainees are the worst of the worst, including the fact that many were sold to the US for a bounty, not based on any real quality intelligence the US had gathered North Korea Seoul learned a lesson about 'provocations' Court tells Russia to pay damages to Netherlands 'Thousands' of political heavyweights hold Swiss accounts official A new Hindu temple in UAE's Abu Dhabi is getting Saudis riled up Sweden Democrats gain in another record poll  The Sweden Democrats scored record support in another poll on Tuesday, backing up previous surveys suggesting that voters are abandoning mainstream parties in favour of the nationalists. Japan delivers whiskey to space station_ for science The Richest Guy in Asia Loses $3.6 Billion in the Market Rout I know what apartheid was, and Israel is not apartheid, says S. African parliament member Glenn Greenwald's partner detained at Heathrow airport for nine hours, under controversial Terrorism Act 2000. He was denied access to a lawyer, and had his possessions confiscated. The new Egyptian constitution may seek to ban all religious parties from the political arena,declaring the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization New Zealand prime minister walks out of press conference when questioned over spy bill Greenwald The detention of my partner, David Miranda, by UK authorities will have the opposite effect of the one intended CIA Admits It Was Behind Iran's Coup The agency finally owns up to its role in the 1953 operation. Drug addiction not a criminal issue, says chief medical officer UK, Mexican politician says gay people should not be allowed to marry because 'they don't face each other during sex' Brazil says the detention under British terror laws of one of its citizens at London's Heathrow airport caused grave concern and was unjustified. 16 yearold shot and killed a Melbourne baseballer because he just wanted to kill someone Toronto police officer in streetcar shooting charged with murder Amnesty International Detention of Guardian employee at Heathrow unlawful and unwarranted A Russian senator has challenged Internet giant Google to explain its use of clients personal Gmail data, and claimed that the email service violates individuals right to the secrecy of correspondence under Russias constitution. UK police gathered intelligence on trade union activists and passed the information to a clandestine blacklisting agency that unlawfully stored secret files on thousands of worker China punishes Wikipedia editor for Jimmy Wales' comments In response, they've grounded Wikipedia China editor Huang Zhisong from leaving the country until 2016 Canadian woman taken hostage in Somalia says she was starved, beaten, sexually brutalized and ready to die Canada Remains Worlds Most Educated Country Amnesty International condemns detention of Glenn Greenwald's partner Volcano eruption covers Japanese city of Kagoshima with ash New Zealand's first samesex marriages will be held today Chile rallies against 'Monsanto Law', thousands in streets to protect country's food sovereignty Egypt army chief vows to use full force 20 Egyptian Soldiers killed in Sinai Google trying to evade UK privacy laws, campaigners claim  Search giant aims to contest right of British users to bring lawsuit in UK over claims company illicitly tracked their web browsing, says the browsing habits of internet users are not protected as personal information Glenn Greenwalds partner detained, questioned at London airport Russian authorities in Moscow broke up a march of Pastafarians on Saturday with some help from antigay Russian Orthodox religious activists. TIME journalist says 'I can't wait to write a defense of the drone strike that takes out Julian Assange.' Here's the deleted tweet. Wikileaks have responded by demanding his resignation. Ecuador Asked the World to Pay it Not to Drill for Oil. The World Said No. So oil exploration is to begin in Yasun National Park in the Amazon Rain Forest. Australia to cut tax benefit for parents who don't immunise children Writer and journalist Will Self was stopped by police while out walking with his son because they suspected he was a paedophile, he has said. Germany acknowledges Bitcoin as currency Canadians Warn Americans Dont Trust Harpers Tar Sands Rhetoric  Production of heavy crude oil from the Alberta tar sands is Canadas fastest growing source of greenhouse gas emissions, & if expansion continues as govt & industry project, they'll cancel out every effort to mitigate emissions Police Passed New Information on Princess Diana's death It's not clear exactly what this information is, but we understand that it points to an allegation that Diana and those in the car with her were murdered. Poll 71% of Egyptians do not sympathize with proMorsi protesters AlJazeera raided, journalists assaulted in Egypt Chile fights GMO in national protest against Monsanto law Scotland Yard to assess fresh claims over death of Princess Diana A new file includes allegations that a former SAS soldier claimed to know who arranged Princess Diana's death and that it had been covered up Egypts Islamists target Christian churches, schools in backlash as chaos spreads After torching a Franciscan school, Islamists paraded 3 nuns on the streets like 'prisoners of war' before a Muslim woman offered them refuge. Two other women working at the school were sexually harassed and abused Mohammed AlZawahiri Arrested Brother Of AlQaeda Chief Ayman AlZawahiri Arrested In Egypt Report UN panel finds it's 95 percent likely humans cause of climate change Egypts Coptic Church Announces Support For Military Against Muslim Brotherhood, Rips Western Medias ProIslamist Reporting Latin America stands up against US espionage Venezuela's AntiGay Politicians  Politicians at the highest levels of the Venezuelan govt are hurling antigay slurs & accusing each other of being gay Egyptian prosecutors have placed 250 Muslim Brotherhood supporters under investigation for murder, attempted murder and terrorism WikiLeaks posts 400 GBs of encrypted insurance data online  That No One Can Open.. Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has fired the director of an Islamic TV channel for his role as the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood in Kuwait Copies of Hadashi no Gen (Barefoot Gen), an internationally renowned manga about the atomic bombing of Hiroshima, have been pulled from school library shelves here due to graphic descriptions of violence committed by Japanese troops After torching a Franciscan school, Islamists paraded three nuns on the streets like prisoners of war before a Muslim woman offered them refuge Leader of Mexican Gulf Cartel Captured How American Hopes for a Deal in Egypt Were Undercut. The violent crackdown has left Mr. Obama in a nowin position risk a partnership or stand by while longtime allies try to hold on to power by mowing down opponents. The Israelis and Saudis have lobbied him to go easy on the generals. Latin America Condemns US Espionage at United Nations Security Council The Brazilians were right After protests against rising the prices of public transportation, was discovered that in Sao Paulo, Siemens and the government were stealing $200 million in a scheme. Now they're occupying the city council, for the imprisonment of those involved and a refund. Animation legend Hayao Miyazaki under attack in Japan for antiwar film The Colombian Government Is Killing Its Peasant Farmers for Their Land Sri Lankans protest contamination of their water supply by glove factory. Govt responds by sending army, disabling cameras, and opening fire on the crowd. Egypt says 525 people were killed on Wednesday when security forces stormed proMorsi protest camps. Swedish athletes compete in Moscow with rainbow painted nails Infrared images show [it seems] that the Muslim Brotherhood 'fired on police' In Britain, spoon in underwear saving youths from forced marriage Brazil's Congress approves bill that designates all royalties from newly discovered oil fields to education and healthcare Remember last week when the Norwegian Prime Minister worked as a taxi driver and had a good time? Several of his customers were paid by a publicity agency Russian pole vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva condemns homosexuality, supports new antigay law Iran seizes Indian ship carrying oil from Iraq Lavabit email service unlikely to relaunch outside the US, says founder; warns that US is 'going to lose a lot of business' if cloudbased services rights aren't protected Iranian Politician Moradi Denied Seat On City Council Because She Is Too Attractive Gaza Border Crossing Closed Indefinitely By Egypt Smithsonian to Announce Discovery of New Mammal John Cleese brands British press depraved and amoral during film interview Nearly 1,500 South African police exposed as convicted criminals China to stop using organs from executed prisoners in transplants China will start phasing out its decadeslong practice of using the organs of executed prisoners for transplant operations from November, as it pushes to mandate the use of organs from ethical sources, a senior official said. Pollution in LacMgantic Quebec at high levels, study says Potential carcinogen found at 394,444 times above normal limit  Nearly 5.7 million litres of crude oil spilled out of derailed train cars and leached into the water, soil and air of LacMgantic following the July 6 train disaster Germany Fights Population Drop There is perhaps nowhere better than the German countryside to see the dawning impact of Europes plunge in fertility rates over the decades, a problem that has frightening implications for the economy and the psyche of the Continent. Namibia is in the middle of its worst drought in 30 years. This is what it looks like on the ground. Egypt global outcry steps up pressure on US to suspend aid to military Doctors Without Borders leaving Somalia after 20plus years, frustrated Highprofile medical aid mission group gives up, citing unhelpful 'civilian authorities' and too many attacks and risks. Latest kidnapping was the 'last straw.' Australian film directors defend Edward Snowden Every Important Person In Bitcoin Just Got Subpoenaed By New York's Financial Regulator 'Hundreds' dead as Egyptian army opens gun fire on proMorsi protesters in Cairo Bloodshed ensues as military opens fire on protest camps North Korea changes ruling principles to legitimise succession of power, removing mentions of Communism, North Korea is now a monarchy Israeli students offered grants if they tweet pro Israel propaganda The Church of England has told parishioners that fracking causes environmental problems and risks lasting harm to Gods glorious creation. Sky News cameraman Mick Deane shot dead in Cairo In Switzerland, asylum seekers (almost all of Asian and African descent) will no longer be able to use public libraries, public pools, public playgrounds, or attend church mass. In the name of 'peaceful coexistence'. Google Gmail users have no legitimate expectation of privacy In Russia, American Runner Dedicates Silver Medal to Gay Friends. Doctors Without Borders pulls out of Somalia militants, leaders tolerate attacks on NGOs Iran's President Nominates Female Vice President The Taliban have kidnapped a female Afghan MP as she and her children were travelling in a rural area south of the capital Kabul Tourist in Italy buried without family's knowledge after authorities thought he was a homeless African immigrant This man tried to kill my wife, then apologised. I had to meet him.  Mohammad Odeh planted a Hamas bomb that killed nine in Jerusalem. Then he did something terrorists never do he apologised. David HarrisGershon, whose wife was injured in the attack, needed to know why. Web filter at British Library Sorry, Hamlet is too violent Doctors Without Borders pulls out of Somalia because of attacks on its staff Two Europeanlooking men abuse, punch and tear Islamic veil off 16yearold Muslim girl near Paris A new study paves the way for the next generation of portable water purification devices, which could provide relief to the 780 million people around the world who face every day without access to a clean water supply Eurozone comes out of recession. The eurozone has emerged from recession after a record 18 months of economic contraction Brazil sues Samsung over 'serious' violations at Manaus factory of world's largest smartphone maker. Israel Government pays students to fight internet battles At least 43 dead as police swoop on proMorsi Cairo demos Fukushima Officials say they don't know how 10 workers at the plant were sprayed with radioactive water recently. The contamination was detected Monday. Photos, video show Egyptian protesters pushing armored police vehicle off bridge subsequent photo shows two security officials splayed, one on the trucks nowskyward underside and another on the ground nearby. Monkeychrist fresco painter Cecilia Gimenez raises 50,000 euros for charity by charging entry to the church in which her restored fresco is displayed