 b'More UK insanity. An 82 year old woman was told she could not take pictures of an empty pool because she might be a pedophile. ' b'Iraqi sprinter after news of Olympic ban In this horrible situation, who can say I'll even be alive in 2012?' b'Lev Leviev, Israels richest man, buying blood diamonds, funding illegal Israeli settlements in the West Bank, undermining the prospects for Middle East peace' b'Iran ends all cooperation with IAEA' Vladimir Putin's comments drive a company's stock down $6 billion b'Hole forces Qantas plane to land' b'As soon as Chinese officials noticed, they ordered the removal of the paper from the newsstands and part of its website was blocked.' b'Oil Prices Bring Sailing Back The first commercial cargo of French wine to be transported by sailboat in the modern era is due to arrive in Dublin this week' Try the Kalashnikovs. they're delicious and come with a serving of grenade At least seven lowintensity blasts tore through India's hightech hub of Bangalore b'Bangalore hit by serial blasts, at least 1 dead' UK Limit families to two children 'to combat climate change'. Exactly who in the UK is having a lot of kids? b'China now has more websurfers than U.S.' b'European nations planning to harvest the Sahara desert sun in Africa to provide clean electricity for the whole of Europe. There is no mention of how this will benefit Africa. ' b'Fugitive spammer dies in murdersuicide' Beijing's Air Pollution Index Rises Despite City's Efforts b'Russia considers banning Czech beer. The reason? Objections over Czech plans to host a United States radar station.' b'Russian Navy prioritizes construction of nuclear submarines' b'Kids in Congo were being sent down mines to die so that kids in Europe and America could kill imaginary aliens in their living rooms' The people of Berlin experienced the full range of Barack Obama's charisma on Thursday evening. b'Painter fined for smoking in van ' b'7 Bomb Blasts serially in Bangalore (Bengaluru), IT capital of India ' b'A 73yearold Dutch man was astonished to learn from police that the begonias he had lovingly tended on his doorstep concealed a secret marijuana plantation.' b'Afghan government accused of shielding opium trade' Russia 'may use Cuba to refuel nuclear bombers' b'Key Benazir Bhutto assassination witness shot dead' Six of the UK's biggest net providers have agreed a plan with the music industry to tackle piracy online. b'UK Police extinguish buring knifeman. With their own bodies...' b'Sarkozy government implements police state measures. These changes are designed to curb mass resistance and political opposition to him and his programs. ' b'The International Olympic Committee has banned Iraq from competing in the Beijing Olympic Games' b'Iranian military convoy rocked by mystery explosion' b'WTF! The IOC bans Iraq from competing in the Beijing Games  a major blow to seven Iraqi athletes' b'Navy official 9/11 Flight 93 was shot down' b'Emo and goth to be made illegal in Russia' b'How is it not gay to rape someone and do them up the butt?' b'Turkish Man Believes His Ant Farms Can Predict Earthquakes' b'Parents lose custody of girl for naming her Talula Does the Hula From Hawaii' b'Iraq banned from Beijing Olympics because of government interference' b'Iran ends cooperation with UN nuclear arms probe ' b' British study links IMF loans to tuberculosis' b'US soldiers charged with conspiracy to murder Iraqis' China's mobile phone users top 600 million b'Canada Enraged After European Union Announces a Potential Ban on Imports of Seal Products' b'US War on Drugs FAIL  in Afghanistan' b'Long Term US Presence in Northern Iraq is Moving Forward' b'FOIA request yeilds photos of U.S. prisoner boxes used in Iraq ' b'Joke of the day  Iran introduces Islamic human rights day  oh wait, it's not a joke after all' b'Two Italians rescued from Pakistani mountain' b'oil market investigation, regulators bring lawsuit against dutch firm for 19 separate attempts at market manipulation in March 2007' b'Myanmar Religion cannot be separated from politics; what did the Buddha say about Political Involvement?' [BREAKING] India on terror high alert 14 blasts rock western city of Ahmedabad, while the country stills reels under yesterday's blasts in Bangalore b'This is Your Brain. This is Your Brain on Cell Phones Dr. R Heberman  director of Univ of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute  sent memo warning staff on cell phone use.' b'BBC NEWS Thirteen die in Istanbul blasts' b'Iran hangs 29 drug traffickers, murderers, rapists' b'A leading member of one of the most notorious clans of the Naples mafia has been arrested while shopping in Rome.' b'South Africa tells Robert Mugabe to surrender'  Turkey's military said its fighter jets hit 12 Kurdish separatist targets in northern Iraq b'EU court overturns Irish ban on nonEU spouses' A modest proposal for the ADL We won't deny your holocaust if you won't deny this ongoing one. b'Painter fined for smoking a cigarette in his own van' 'MiniKatrina' needs attention  Cedar Rapids Iowa 7 weeks after the Flood b'Hearing on Limits of Executive Power Robert Wexler' A third of British Muslim students think religious killings are justified Don't we have any more of those rusty Boeings, to take them where they would feel more at home? b'Feel the terror of Death, email threatens minutes before a series of bombings kill at least 45 ' b'62% of Egyptian men regularly harass women' b'Hizbullah fans in Lebannon (SFW) [Pic] [Warning Complicated & NotBlack&White polictiacl Understanding  Ahead]' b'Istanbul bombs kill 13, at least 100 wounded' b'Inmates sleep in toilets at overcrowded prison' Palestinian 'Che' Blindfolded and Shot  b'Global Forces Converge To Drive Up Oil Prices' b'Hamas and Fatah clash in Gaza' b'Myanmar  DVB website attacked by promilitary hacker' b'Let Them Eat Free Markets    How deregulation fuels the global food crisis.' b'India Arrests Dozens In Bombings That Killed 45' India's president and prime minister have appealed for calm after a series of explosions killed at least 45 people in the western city of Ahmedabad b'Fires in Australia from The Big Picture' b'Amnesty international Hamas kills two dozen of its opponents' Biggest darned fire I've seen in my life. Unfinished highrise hotel currently burning in Bejing. (video) b'Remember that crazy looking building being build in Bejing? Well, it just burnt to the ground from fireworks.' b'BREAKING NEWS Oil tanker with 30,000 tons of oil on board exploded and burning after collision with cargo ship' b'Texas officials are working on a plan to respond to a potential collapse of the Mexican government and the specter of thousands fleeing north in fear for their lives after recent reports indicated the country could be on the verge of chaos.' b'The Financial Crisis Is Driving Hordes of Americans to Suicide' b'Governments under Pressure Popular Rage Grows as Global Crisis Worsens' b'Israeli elections Be afraid. Be very afraid' b'Tale of Horror  500 bottles Johnny W Blue, 8,000 lobsters, 4,000 portions caviar, 3,000 cakes ...   ' b'Pratchett Becomes A Real Knight' b'BullHunter Donates $10,000 To Victorian Bushfire Appeal' Putin's worst nightmare b'Inside the Gaza tunnels' b'Evan Harris What's the future for scientific independence if she [Jacqui Smith] asks that scientists apologise for their views? ' b'Christian loon blames Australian bushfires on abortion' Ahead of 2010, South Africa's water supply a ticking time bom b'British jobs for British workers was whipped up by the capitalist media. As Phil Willis said I have more in common with workers in Latvia, Poland and Italy than any employer.' b'This is serious Reddit They argue that women drivers will be free to leave home alone, will unduly expose their eyes while driving and will interact with male strangers, such as traffic police and mechanics.' b'New Hampshire Fires First Shot Of Civil War' b'Australian PM Wildfire arson is mass murder' b'Hundreds of dolphins beached in Philippines!' b'If I have to suffer, it's better to suffer in Guatemala with my family   illegal immigrants reconsider US because of economy' b'Families want answers from man who says he dissolved 300 people' South Africa TV station announces that George W. Bush is dead (he's not) Sex slave 'Every day we were raped' b'Israeli writer calls B'Tselem human rights group, who brought recent IDF shooting of bound and blindfolded Palestinian man to light, despicable...enemy collaborators' b'After all those years of success as dictator of Zimbabwe, Mugabe may finally see his regime collapse because of the loss of a few software licenses and a paper contract.  ' b'Uranium leaks into French river, tarnishing nuke power image' b'Iran announces nuclear expansion  Ahmadinejad has said Iran now possesses 6,000 centrifuges for enriching uranium' b'Denmark  Nationalist party threatens to withdraw support from government if government cedes to EU demands on immigration' b'Mexicos leaders to allow its oil to be stolen. Go Neocons. Calderon insists that his reforms are necessary for the very survival of the country. So it doesnt end up like Iraq?' b'More bomb blasts in India  3 explosions reported from Ahmedabad' b'Indian City of Ahmedabad rocked by 17 Bomb Blasts within 70 minutes. 15 Dead, 100 Wounded.' b'Saudi schoolbooks teach piety, hate' b'A plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Germany after two British women tried to open a cabin door midflight' b'Iran Moves to Expand Uranium Enrichment Program Against Western Pleading' b'Russian expert  80% of Islamic literature in Russian offers wahabi ideas' b'Britain told by UN, treat Muslims better' b'Iran to hang 30 for murder, other crimes' b'Egypt Muslim Brotherhood goes online on Facebook' Obama's Private Prayer 'Leaked' b'Iraq banned from Olympics' b'Shape up in two months or go, Gordon Brown warned ' b'Islam to become Russias predominant religion by 2050?' b'Olympics Protesters will be kept in pens during games' Iraqi's banned from the olympics because of the government, while China with its human rights record is occupying multiple countries b'AP Analysis U.S. Winning Iraq War. Iraq and its American partners are now winning the war that seemed lost two years ago, says AP Chief' b' Fire causes mass evacuations from Greek resorts' b' Bosnian Serbs pray for Karadzic, say charges unjust' b'Jews tell Vatican Holocaust denial is a crime' Mexico 'to fingerprint all mobile phone users' b'Who knew that financial stimulus package actually means sodomise the poor, and pay the rich more money' b'Hamas returns stolen aid.' b'Eluana Englaro, the Italian woman at the centre of a righttodie debate, has died.' b'Support the Iranian people, oppose Tehrans clerical fascism' b'Extreme right wing poised to win Israeli elections' b'National Lawyers Guild says one Israel soldier shot three sisters, executing the 2 and 7yearold, and paralyzing the 4yearold' b'David Oddsson refuses to quit as Icelandic bank chief' b'UK Government Plans to Keep 10Year Travel Database of Citizens' b'Mexican criminals use police radio frequencies to taunt the police and to play narcocorrido music.' b'Suicide challenged. A British multiple sclerosis sufferer is attempting to clarify the law on assisted suicide' b'In the swimming pool of Prince Bandar bin Sultan, with George Tenet, the former director of central intelligence' Shepard Fairey, the street artist who designed the red, white and blue 'Hope' poster of Barack Obama, has been arrested on suspicion of defacing property with graffiti.  b'Families destroyed by Gaza conflict' b'Official IsraelTurkey trade severely damaged' b'Israeli warplanes strike Gaza' b'Woman in Italy euthanasia debate dies ' b'Wow, Bishop Who Denied Holocaust Ousted' b'Female suicide bomber kills 24 in Sri Lanka' b'Class struggle at the Morning Star (a socialist UK newspaper)  You are putting your interests ahead of those of your class as a whole' b'Israel defeats the terrorists, one tree at a time (VIDEO)' b'British diplomat arrested for yelling at a television' b'Australian firestorms prompt call to return to Aboriginal bush control' 'The Jewish majority should be afraid' b'Experts Confirm that Iran's President did NOT Call for Israel to be wiped off the map' b' US troops kill son of Iraqi governor' b'Radovan Karadzic arrested!' b'Nearly one in five UK 16 and 17yearolds is a Neet  neither in employment, education or training' b'Serbia captures fugitive war crimes suspect Karadzic' It feels like the summer of 1931. The world's two biggest financial institutions have had a heart attack. The global currency system is breaking down. No world leader has a solution. b'HumantoHuman Transmission of Bird Flu Discovered in China' b'Aging and ailing people seeking a quick and painless way to die say there is no easier place on earth than Mexico to obtain pentobarbital, a barbiturate commonly known as Nembutal.' b'Two people were killed Monday in deliberately set explosions aboard two public buses in a major Chinese city, police said, heightening security concerns less than three weeks before the Olympics.' b'Widespread protests against Swedish wiretapping law' b'RUSSIA is considering aiming nuclear weapons at western Europe for the first time since the end of the Cold War' b'Palestinians Israel uses rats to drive out Jerusalem Arabs' b'Why Saddam and Iraq really had to be destroyed and who was really protected Saudi Arabia, Jordan, UAE, Bahrain, Qatar, etc. They were protected from democracy and progress. ' b'War Criminal Radovan Karadi Arrested  The man responsible for 7,500 dead in Srebrenica to face justice' b'Gaza on Brink of Humanitarian Catastrophe' b'Revolution, flashmobs, and brain chips. A grim vision of the future' b'Islamic insurgents target foreign aid workers in Somalia' b'Poland Spring attempts to privatize 500,000 gallons of water per day ... Water activists prevail.' b'9 Iranians set to be stoned to death' b'Despite pressure from White House and an International court order, Texas will execute 5 Mexicans on schedule' b'Japan Bans in Vitro Fertilization for Couples in Which Both Partners are Infected With HIV' b'Benny Morris, writing in Friday's New York Times argues for Nuclear Genocide against Iran Israel will eventually have to launch a preemptive nuclear strike.' b'Atheletes Who Offend China will be thrown out of the Olympics by the International Olympic Committee!' b'The world is failing to guard against the inevitable spread of a devastating flu pandemic which could kill 50 million people and wreak massive disruption around the globe' b'The Israeli army invades a charitable institution and a kindergarden in Jericho City' b'The Real State of Iraq American television is little interested in the massive disaster inflicted upon Iraq by Washington. If You Are, Read this.' b'Sunday 46 Iraqis Killed, 79 Wounded' b'Russia plans railroad link to Japan' Howard Zinn An illustrated people's history of the US empire 'Mugabe has declared war  we will not be part of that war' | Opposition candidate in Zimbawe pulls out of presidential election saying he is not prepared to ask people to die by voting for him. b'Pirate Bay looks to disrupt new Swedish law' b'Former UN Ambassador John Bolton Israel will strike Iran after the US election, but before inauguration.  Predicts Arab states will be delighted.' b'Border Patrol agents are checking the citizenship status of travelers passing through by bus and train every day in New York, deporting immigrants.' b'The fear instilled in me by the army all but dissipated once I was simply a tourist strolling through the town.. the more weaponry and protective gear I carried, the more terrifying the place became..' b'New sanctions on Iran' b'Pele gets robbed, reveals his identity to the robbers. they give back some of his stuff' b'Federal Air Marshals Face Criminal Charges' Nation's Spies Climate Change Could Spark War b'Can`t we submit positive news? Roadside bombs decline in Iraq by almost 90% over the last year Helped by 7,000 new heavily armored vehicles and thousands of exinsurgents contracted by Iraq forces' b'U.N. Year ahead looks bleak for Darfur' Why U.S. foreign policy is hatred in Mideast The Imperial 'Justice' of the Haditha Massacre is like mafia`s organized crime b'French President Nicolas Sarkozy has called for an end to Jewish settlement construction on Palestinian land, in an address to Israeli MPs. ' Jesus in China Christianity's rapid rise is reshaping the officially atheist nation, its politics and the way many Chinese view the world. b'Record corn prices mean more expensive meat, dairy' b'Pele robbed of his jewellery at gunpoint by street gang' b'Burka wearing weatherwoman stirs huge controversy in Belgium' b'Kite flying is banned in Pakistan because.of cultural, religious and safety reasons. ' b'They outdid German Nazi and Italian fascists' b'Swedish government adopts invasive wiretapping measures' Military abuses rise in Mexican drug war. The US Senate votes this week on a $465 million aid package that includes oversight of Mexico's military and courts. b'Leopard kills crocodile. This does not happen every day' b'Twothirds of Egyptian men Yep, we harass women.' Bjrk's protest song forces China's Ministry of Culture to review musicians who 'threaten national unity' or 'violate religious policy or cultural norms'   b'Saudi Arabia is doing something US never tried to; talking the radicals out of it!...do you really need me to tell you if it worked?' Brazil's foreign minister said rich countries' deception in trade talks reminded him of tactics used by Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels. b'10 people reveal why cocaine, skunk and ketamine do it for them ' Gangs have made Dublin 'like Chicago in the 1920s' b'Nine policemen were killed in Afghanistan Sunday in international military air strikes called in when police and troops clashed after mistaking each other for Taliban' b'Finally!  White House incompetence is making the world a better place' b'61 lbs of plastic explosives  and detonators are missing from a site in southeastern France. ' b'Somalis kill infidel aid workers' b'At least eight women, whose ages range from 27 to 43, and one man, a 50yearold music teacher, convicted of illegal sex with a student, have been sentenced to death by stoning in Iran.' One of Turkey's lead gay advocates murdered after returning from international gay gathering b'UK State school students may be taught Islamic traditions as part of compulsory citizenship lessons' b'Amsterdam Moves To Cut Prostitution' b'Colombian military misuses Red Cross symbol in hostage rescue' b'No progress in Iran talks, so Europe, U.S. renew threats' b'UK Teenagers attack police officers who asked girl to pick up litter' The world's top Nazihunter says he's closing in on 94yearold 'Dr. Death' b'Saudis Are Bailing Out On The Bush Regime' b'More than 15 incuding commander killed as two militant Taliban groups clash in Mohmand Agency' b'U.S. Troops Kill Son And Cousin Of Iraqi Governor.' NASA eyes buying Japan's cargo spacecraft to replace shuttle After nuclear talk with UN & EU officials, Iran remains 'silent' b'New Hampshire To Accept Free Oil From Venezuela' 6.8 Earthquake hits New Zealand Capital Venezuela says it ends efforts for better U.S. ties CIA backs $630,000 study into how to control global weather through geoengineering UK wants to ban pornography featuring scenes of glorification of rape and other serious sexual offences Principal forced kids to eat midday meal cooked in insecticide The G20, a group of the worlds richest economies, have for the first time endorsed a plan to curb widely used tax avoidance strategies that allow some multinational corporations such as Apple and Starbucks to pay only a pittance in income taxes. 11 YearOld Yemeni Girl Gives Profound Monologue On Arranged Marriage I'd Rather Kill Myself One of the Britains leading law enforcement bureaus has known about but ignored massive misconduct and corruption for over a decade by private investigators who use illegal surveillance techniques for the benefit of financial services sector. Two American fighter jets dropped four unarmed bombs into Australia's Great Barrier Reef Marine Park last week when a training exercise went wrong, the U.S. Navy said Brutal rape draws outrage over culture of corruption, impunity in Ukraine. 'The cops, Krashkova said, forced her into the car and drove her to the woods. There... they allegedly beat her so badly they fractured her skull. The officers then took turns raping her' Emirati who assaulted Indian driver faces up to a year in jail  Indian who filmed video faces up to 2 years Venezuela ends efforts to improve US ties; Foreign ministry releases statement in response to US UN Envoy nominee Powers promise to stand up to repressive regimes Out with the Mafia! Mass antigovt protests backed by Anonymous grip Spain (PHOTOS) Hamas reeling from Egyptian crackdown on Gaza tunnels Vladimir Putin tells critics of Russia at World University Games to try some Viagra Wissam Al Mana, husband of Janet Jackson, fires rape victim in Dubai because of unacceptable and improper behavior School lunch disaster in India confirmed to be caused by residual pesticide in the cooking oil. The chef told the principal that it 'smelled strongly' and looked 'dodgy', but this objection was ignored. The principal is still at large and will have their property seized imminently. Istanbul protesters clash with riot police over access to Gezi Park Capture of Mexican drug lord began with a fedup informant China to launch cargo train to Germany 20 Cars torched and police station attacked in Paris exurb amid tensions linked to authorities' handling of France's ban on Muslim face veils Israeli president convinced Palestinian leader to accept that settlers remain in West Bank but be subject to Palestinian state Judge Challenges White House Claims on Authority in Drone Killings At least 41 people were killed and more than 165 others wounded Saturday in a series of bombings that hit Baghdad over a twohour period  bombings target mostly Shiite neighborhoods Belgium to swear in new king. The Norwegian woman who was jailed after getting raped in Dubai, was fired by Janet Jackson's husband Poachers Kill 2 Kenya Wildlife Service Officers  They came under fierce fire in 2 separate gunfights Thursday after encountering gang hunting elephants in a dense forest. Last year, Kenya lost 384 elephants & 30 rhinos to criminals, a worrying trend that's not sustainable. War on Drugs at work in Mexico. My former students, arrested a week from graduating high school, have been in jail for months. Their used car, bought from the U.S., had a brick of cocaine hidden in it. Customs didn't find a thing. Meanwhile, real drug lords run the government and live in luxury. Fifteen years after autism panic, a plague of measles erupts in Wales. In 1998, southwest Wales was a hotbed of resistance to a vaccine for measles, mumps and rubella. The bill has now come due. Female vigilantes in India join forces to fight rape In a country where a woman is raped every 20 minutes, the group's extreme measures have won quiet approval from some Over 90% of Japanese think Fukushima disaster not under control FARC Despite the law that allows us to keep the U.S. soldier...as a POW, we have decided to release him as a gesture in keeping with the spirit of talks under way in Havana  the capture shows American military men and mercenaries in counterinsurgency operations under the guise of contractors Women 'banned from shopping alone' in northern Pakistan. 'The step is reportedly aimed at keeping men from being distracted during the holy month of Ramadan' Police say samples of cooking oil and leftover food taken from an Indian school where 23 children died after eating lunch this past week were contaminated with very toxic levels of an agricultural pesticide. UK government has decided to privatise the supplier of blood to the NHS, and sell it to Bain Capital. Kerry vows to put the screws to Venezuela over Snowden  report 'Unprecedented' 131 Congressmen Say Obama Should Give Iran's New President a Chance Explosion at Beijing's Airport Norwegian woman has spoken out about the 16month prison sentence she received in Dubai after reporting a rape incident to police in March this year Crime is plunging in the rich world. To keep it down, governments should focus on prevention, not punishment Mexico could legalize marijuana in five years, according to former president Vicente Fox Nigerian senate legalises child marriage. Pope's cleanup man 'found stuck in lift with rent boy' Alan Turing, a British World War Two code breaker who helped to crack the German Naval code to be pardoned for his gay conviction in 1952 Norwegian convicted over rape report issues Gulf caution Six get life imprisonment in Swiss tourist gangrape case in India Israeli banks may lose access to large loans under new EU rule on occupied lands Around 200 protesters clashed with police in a Paris suburb on Friday night following the arrest of a man who allegedly assaulted a police officer after his wife was stopped for wearing an Islamic veil in public. Missing mom found alive in Canada after almost 52 years Somalia may have been better off under anarchy than predatory government New Zealand Government About To Legalize Spying On NZ Citizens US secretary of state threatens Venezuela over Snowden asylum. A report published earlier this week by Spanish newspaper ABC details a series of heavyhanded threats leveled by US Secretary of State John Kerry against the government of Venezuela. 'I request you, whether you are in the developing world or the developed, to treat corruption at par with war, and terror.' Anonymous David Cameron retreats in war on internet porn KFCs ice cubes are 12 times dirtier than toilet water, says Chinas official media Mexico could legalize marijuana in five years The UK wants to ban packed lunches. It's a step too far Source Obama to move forward with plan to arm Syrian rebels Hitler did not kill enough  French politician in trouble for suggesting the Nazis did not exterminate enough Gypsies Dolphins 'call each other by name' Bomb found at planned Pope Francis visit site in Brazil Edward Snowden hopes to be granted papers allowing him to escape airport. His lawyer Anatoly Kucherena has said the fugitive American leaker hopes to soon receive papers that would allow him to leave Sheremetyevo Airport in Moscow. Passengers push 32ton train to help free woman stuck in gap between train and platform in Tokyo Whistleblower claims asylum seekers in Manus Island detention centre have been raped and abused with full knowledge of staff, days after the Australian Government announced that all who arrive in Australia by boat would be sent there for processing and possible settlement. Russias AntiGay Crackdown Vladimir Putin has declared war on homosexuals. So far, the world has mostly been silent. Finland Writes History With Crowdsourced Copyright Law  Finland is the first country in the world in which Parliament will vote on a fairer copyright law that has been crowdsourced by the public Tokyo Electric Power Company admits Fukushima leaking radioactive water into Pacific Ocean Depleted uranium used by US forces blamed for birth defects and cancer in Iraq The other side of the pope's visit to Brazil police violence and repression against protesters and journalists in Rio. Police beats AFP photographer and takes unconscious man in custody. Shipwreck company finds $36M of silver in WWII wreck on seafloor Goldman Sachs in spotlight over 'aluminium pricehike' scandal Germany launches probe into US spying ties Insolvent Spain Forced To Borrow From Social Security Fund To Pay Pensions The growing body of counterterrorism legislation is having a direct impact on humanitarian action, restricting funding, stalling project implementation and resulting in an increased climate of selfcensorship by aid workers, according to an independent study. Former head of MI6 threatens to expose secrets of Iraq 'dodgy dossier' Iraqi Man moves to Australia, uses the welfare system as income. Becomes successful, writes a check to the Australian Government for every cent he was given. [XPost from r/News] Britain's Former Top Spy Threatens To Expose The 'Dodgy Dossier' Used To Push Iraq War Al Qaeda militants flee Iraq's Abu Ghraib jail in violent mass breakout The number of escaped inmates has reached 500, most of them were convicted senior members of al Qaeda and had received death sentences Norwegian Marte Deborah Dalelven is pardoned by the Emir of Dubai and can go home, said Foreign Ministry. It's a law FOR women, not against Muslims France forced to defend ban on Islamic veil after violence Cannabis plants spring up all over German town after campaigners plant thousands of seeds in protest against the 'demonisation' of the drug Yes, thats a photo of the pope carrying his own bag by carrying his own bag, Francis is seeking to demonstrate humility and a closer connection to regular Catholics, as well as signaling to other Vatican officials that they could stand to behave a bit less like royalty and more like priests We have two or three times the amount of food right now that is needed to feed the number of people in the world, the problem is distribution. Pornography filters in every UK household. ISPs will contact users who must 'declare whether they want to maintain access to online pornography'. 'Simulated' rape scenes also become illegal. First tourists arrested in Russia for gay propaganda Israeli and Palestinian bands unite in 'metal brotherhood'. Joint 18gig tour by Orphaned Land and Khalas will take message of coexistence through rock'n'roll across Europe Spain privatized sun, its forbidden to generate power for consumption 437% increase deforestation of the Amazon, 114 square miles (184 km) in just one month. For comparisson, Manhattan has just 22.96 square miles. From August 2012 to June 2013, forest degradation accumulated in 908 square miles. Japan's top animation director, Hayao Miyazaki, speaks out against constitutional amendment. Doctors Without Borders Price of vaccines has increased 2700% in the last decade Leaked Pakistani report confirms high civilian death toll in CIA drone strikes Bombing of the Great Barrier Reef by US May be Astonishing to Some, but to Queensland Activists Opposed to War Games, it's Just Latest in Series of Grievances  The marine park was rezoned in 2003 to allow military training area. SIM Cards Have Finally Been Hacked, And The Flaw Could Affect Millions Of Phones A trove of 44 WWI german Uboats has been found off the coast of the United Kingdom European Union Adds Hezbollah to Terror List Turkish court gives green light to destruction of Gezi Park 'Recognizing samesex unions brings us closer to apocalypse'  Head of Russian Orthodox Church This is a very dangerous apocalyptic symptom. We face enormous temptations when countries start approving sin and codifying it into law in order to justify it Arundhati Roy on Obamas Wars, India and Why Democracy Is The Biggest Scam in the World UK inequality rising more quickly than under Thatcher Disgruntled man attempts to kill 50 students by mixing rat poision in their meal, in India Pope Francis scolds rich in visit to muddy Brazilian slum Everybody, according to his or her particular opportunities and responsibilities, should be able to make a personal contribution to putting an end to so many social injustices WikiLeaks Founder Assange to Run for Australian Senate Australian billionaire gets approval to build world's largest dinosaur park MP behind UK internet porn filter hacked, accuses blogger who reported it  It became disturbingly clear that MP Perry does not know how hyperlinks, websites, the fundamentals of content distribution works All internet pornography should be preemptively blocked in Canada, says Conservative MP Joy Smith of Winnipeg U.S. Wants Snowden Returned, Not Extradited, Ambassador Says U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul said that Washington wants fugitive intelligence leaker Edward Snowden returned to the United States and not extradited ''The train driver recognised that he was driving at 190 KM/H, while the speed limit in that curve is 80 KM/H.'' More than 80 dead in the spanish train accident. Spain highspeed train crashes near Santiago de Compostela Church of England announces plans to force money lenders out of business  by offering a superior service through credit unions Canadian Man Sorry for Chugging Eight Beers and Swimming to Detroit Secular Tunisian opposition leader Mohamed Elibrahmi shot dead. Spontaneous protests have broken out across capital Tunis Yemeni president pardons reporter Obama wanted kept in jail The United States has expressed disappointment in the release of a Yemeni journalist who rights groups say was detained because of his reporting on alQaida and alleged U.S. complicity in attacks in Yemen South African man to stand trial on a 122 charges which includes raping 34 minors and attempted murder through HIV infection Irish communications minister opposes porn block in fear imposing censorship Of the worlds seven billion people, six billion have mobile phones. However, only 4.5 billion have access to toilets or latrines  meaning that 2.5 billion people, mostly in rural areas, do not have proper sanitation. In addition, 1.1 billion people still defecate in the open European companies should stop sending data to the US, German privacy officials say Pope Francis attacks drug legalization in Latin America Banks and pharmaceutical companies are on a secret list of bluechip firms that hired private investigators who break the law Scientists Warn of Overwhelming Costs of Mental Illness We will be overwhelmed by brain disorders if nothing is done now to boost investment in research. Estimated costs in Britain alone is over $172b a yr. It needs same funding levels as cancer & heart diseases. Spanish PM Rajoy under fire in media after a condolences message for the train crash victims, that killed 77 people, posted by his office included a paragraph copied and pasted from a statement previously sent to victims of an earthquake in Gansu, China China to Spend $275 Billion On Clean Air Plan For Beijing South Africa's drug testing shame. Multi national drug companies exploiting the poor and desperate in drug trials In one instance children as young as six were taken of life saving drugs to act as a control group. Mohamed Brahmi, Tunisian opposition MP from #SidiBouZid was shot dead today in front of his place on Tunisia' Republic Day. 6 months after Chokri Belaid's death Pakistani TV host gives away abandoned babies on show as battle for viewers heats up during Ramadan Technologically illiterate MP who masterminded UK porn blocker get hacked, threatens reporter for writing about it David Cameron's porn advisor website hacked  her reaction is to libel and threaten the journalist reporting the story. US And Russia Simultaneously Announce Intent To Arm Opposing Sides In Syria Snowden Gets Whistleblower Award in Germany Member of Russian female punk group Pussy Riot loses her appeal for parole after nearly a year in prison for performing a protest song against President Putin in a Moscow cathedral Yemeni girl's speech against child marriage goes viral  Eleven yearold says she escaped forced marriage by fleeing her parents. Iran invites Snowden to visit and elaborate on U.S. spying practices Canada's Alberta Oil Sands Have Been Leaking for 9 Weeks  Nobody really understands how to stop it from leaking, or if they do they havent put the measures into place. Impacted area spans some 30 acres, with dozens of animals killed & some 60,000 lbs of contaminated vegetation removed so far. Snowden is preparing for a life in Russia applying for asylum, looking for a job. He may stay there permanently. China is no longer a lowlaborcost environment. The increases in labor cost are now faster than economic growth. The police is trying to hide, but Video of Clashes in Brazil Appears to Show Police Infiltrators Among Protesters Nazithemed caf sparks global outrage We're living in Indonesia and Indonesians weren't tortured in the Holocaust, so we don't really care UK cops and spook agencies wrongly fingered five people as criminals after seizing data about their communications Spain police arrested 25 members of the Hells Angels motorcycle gang, including Europe leader Extremists Attack Montenegro's First Gay Pride  Several hundred extremists shouting Kill the gays attacked gay activists and clashed with police on Wednesday in a bid to disrupt the first ever pride event in staunchly conservative Montenegro, which is seeking to join the EU Hunt on for Japanese serial killer who leaves Haiku clues Hundreds of men who took up arms against President Bashar alAssad are defecting back to the government side, The Telegraph has learnt. Robert Mugabe criticises Barack Obama's gay rights stance  repeats his claim that homosexuals are 'worse than pigs and dogs' at rally ahead of the Zimbabwe elections Hijacked cyanide truck still missing Dubai boss gets 'rape' mail after firing Norwegian rape victim who was imprisoned in Dubai Israeli Cabinet Approves Bill to Draft UltraOrthadox Jews Fears grow for Pope's safety in Brazil Violent protests broke out in Rio de Janeiro within hours of his arrival. Hunt on for Serial Killer in Japan who leaves Haiku Clue Setting on fire/ Smoke gives delight/ To a country fellow. Bulgarian Parliament Blockaded by Protesters, 109 People Trapped Inside GM crops campaigners in Ghana accuse US of pushing modified food. From farmers to MPs, debate over seed ownership and the role of foreign influences on agriculture is causing divisions in Ghana German president says whistleblowers like Snowden merit respect Bananas thrown at Italy's first black minister Vancouver bars boycott Russian vodka after antigay law passed Soldiers Mass Execution Reported by Syria Group  Islamist extremists in Syrias insurgency killed 150 soldiers in a battle for control of an Aleppo suburb this week, including 51 who were executed after they had surrendered (video in comments  NSFW; GORE) Pope Francis I want a mess. We knew that in Rio there would be great disorder, but I want trouble in the dioceses! I want to see the church get closer to the people. I want to get rid of clericalism, the mundane. Because these need to get out! UK man convicted of fraud after of selling explosivedetection dowsing rods consisting of completely ineffective, empty plastic boxes with radio antennas attached, for $30,000 each  made millions of dollars in Iraq, Mexico, and Thailand as hundreds died while being protected by them. Thousands of New Zealanders protest the GCSB Bill (new legislation giving the NZ spy agency more powers to spy on New Zealanders) Evidence mounts agent provocateurs used by Brazilian police Demonstrators say police infiltrator threw the molotov cocktail used to justify severe police violence. Imaginary threats justify New Zealand spy bill  Dotcom Key Govt Bee Scientist Behind Controversial Study Joins Pesticide Firm  MP raises fears that govt agency & pesticides industry too close as Dr Helen Thompson moves to Syngenta. She worked on project paid for by Syngenta, plus on registration of pesticides. US Embassy, DEA Obstructing Investigation Into Drug War Killings in Honduras Libya's Muslim Brotherhood offices attacked  Libyans demonstrate after the assassination of a Muslim Brotherhood critic in Benghazi. South Africa's Nobel peace laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he will never worship a homophobic God and will rather go to hell. The retired archbishop was speaking at the launch of a UNbacked campaign in South Africa to promote gay rights. More than 100 Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes New Zealand refuse to renew South African man's work visa because he is too fat. Pakistani troops violate ceasefire again, fire at Indian post in Poonch Spain Privatizes The Sun Multi Millon Dollar Penalties For Collecting Sunlight Catalan President officially proposes political Referendum to Spanish PM After Shi'a Muslims got lined up and executed yesterday at a fake roadblock, at least 31 are further killed by bombing a busy cafe today. Filipino woman treated as a slave in Canberra after accepting housekeeping job for a Foreign Diplomat (Australia) Obese man told he's too fat to live in NZ Israel bars European aid staff from entering Gaza, western diplomat says Turkey's Prime Minister Erdogan threatens to sue Times for publishing critical letter Indian army mistook planets for Chinese spy drones Report Pakistan's first female superhero 'Burka Avenger' fights for women's rights The pornography filtering system praised by David Cameron is controlled by the controversial Chinese company Huawei, the BBC has learned. Putin press secretary Russia will not extradite Snowden If You Think The French President Is 'Stupide,' Just Say So For the first time in 130 years, it's now legal to say how you really feel about the French leader Oxford Dictionary will change the definition of Marriage to include the LGBT Community... 32 German novelists writing an open letter to Chancellor Merkel Germany is a surveillance society. Google translation in comments. Desmond Tutu says stop discriminating against gay people I think it's as utterly unjust as racism ever was. Russia Slams U.S. Pressure Over Snowden Senate threatens to sanctions countries that aid Snowden Police could be forced to axe Big Brother road cameras Town wins landmark victory over blanket use of number plate 'spies' UK Porn Filter Will Censor Other Content Too, ISPs Reveal Bankers shiver as UBS swallows $885 million U.S. fine Israel freezes cooperation with EU in Palestinian territories Walmart workers in strike across the entire country...of Chile (Google translation in comments) BBC News  Elite hacker Barnaby Jack dies ahead of Black Hat event North Korea we'll kill activists launching prodemocracy literature via balloons The relationship between Christianity and capitalism is complicated, the archbishop of Canterbury said Friday, admitting he was embarrassed by revelations that the Church of England indirectly invested in a payday loan firm he had pledged to put out of business New Pakistani cartoon superhero Burka Avenger fights for girls' rights using martial arts, pens, and books Attorney General Holder tells Russia US wont seek death penalty for Edward Snowden Iraq War veterans chilled by country's slide into civil war Tourists warned after French woman and her dog are attacked by gang of feral cats Ousted Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi is being held over allegations of links with Palestinian militants Hamas and plotting attacks on jails in the 2011 uprising, it has been announced. 'I have principles' Pussy Riot convict defiant after losing parole battle Belarus president US have given an asylum to hundredths of Russian traitors. In place of our Russian friends I'd give Snowden a political asylum without worrying much (article in russian media). Shi'a Muslims lined up and executed at a fake roadblock South Africa's 'worst rapist' commits suicide  Africa Saudi prince defects from Royal family  This regime in Saudi Arabia does not stand by Gods rules or even established rules and its policies, decisions, and actions are totally based on personal will of its leaders. Why its time to get rid of Irelands blasphemy laws The law brings our parliament and our laws into disrepute. It does not protect religious belief; it incentivises outrage and it criminalises free speech. It also treats religious beliefs as more valuable than atheistic or secular beliefs Caught on video Indian Mufti enjoys music despite calling it unIslamic Bashiruddin Ahmad was recently filmed in a houseboat on the scenic Dal Lake, in the company of several other people, including women...In February 2013, the Grand Mufti released a fatwa declaring music unIslamic. Iraq 17 car bombs detonate within one hour, killing at least 60 Pope Door 'Closed' on Women Priests  reiterated the Roman Catholic Church's ban on women priests, saying the decision is definitive Email links Lockerbie bomber's prison transfer to 400m Libyan arms deal The Egyptian National Council for Women has described the Muslim Brotherhood's one year rule as the worst and most cruel [year] for Egyptian women Crude oil leaked from a pipeline in the Gulf of Thailand has reached a Thai tourist resort. Black waves of crude oil washed up on the beach at popular tourist island despite continuous attempts to clean up the oil Legal costs mount in Kim Dotcom case  Lawyers working for the taxpayer have racked up almost 10,000 legal hours battling Kim Dotcom. At senior counsel chargeout rates, the cost in lawyers alone would be almost $2 million [to New Zealand taxpayers] Untouchable student in India beaten to death by classmates he refused to give his pen Australian Government releases its report into IT pricing, suggests a ban on geoblocking. Acknowledges Australians pay much more for IT products that other countries. Mexico's navy vice admiral killed in ambush Exofficer CIA inflated threat of radical cleric to allow 2003 abduction, shield higherups According to secret correspondence obtained by The Sunday Telegraph, the release of the Lockerbie bomber was part of a 400 million armsexport deal between Libya and the UK. Saudi police are searching for an Indonesian housemaid accused by her employer of casting a magic spell on all his family, causing fainting and epileptic fits to them Scientists at Stanford University School of Medicine issued report that said a type of stemcell alternative approved by the Vatican and other theologians has turned out to be a myth Google asked to remove 100 million 'piracy' links in 2013 South Korea has proposed final talks with the North over the fate of shuttered joint industrial zone, suggesting it may permanently close the estate if negotiations fail. Bahrain orders tougher penalties ahead of protests. 'Bahrain's lawmakers agreed at an extraordinary session on Sunday to proposals including stripping those who commit or call for 'terrorism crimes' of their nationality and preventing any protests from taking place in the capital Manama' Russians smell something fishy in Putin's latest stunt Facing eviction, rogue Greek monks hurl petrol bombs at bailiffs Morsi supporters threaten to destroy Egyptian power plants US Government Protection of AlQaeda Terrorists and the USSaudi Black Hole One man fights to set his nation free Benny Wenda's campaign for West Papuan independence is embarrassing Britain and enraging Indonesia. Muslims defend Egyptian churches with help from army Onbydefault UK internet porn filters will also block content relating to alcohol, smoking, web forums, esoteric material, and web blocking circumvention tools. Mass protest in Germany against US intelligence surveillance Public health officials are watching in horror as bacteria become resistant to powerful carbapenem antibiotics  one of the last drugs on the shelf. UK and US chiefs warn of a coming health nightmare and a catastrophic threat. Porn Block UK ISP Says If You Want Internet Censorship, Move To North Korea Trudeau Says he Supports Legalizing Marijuana New sex abuse crisis in Scottish Catholic church Priest claims he was abused by older cleric, and church is punishing him for speaking out Zimbabwe president calls for the beheading of gays Rejected mistresses expose Chinese leaders' corruption; lavish spending on cars, designer cloths, jewelery dispite low official salary Unemployment rate among young people in Greece has passed 50 percent Archbishop Desmond Tutu Id choose Hell over a homophobic Heaven Abuse at Ecuadorian gay conversion facilities shocks authorities We have lesbians who have reported what the clinics called sex therapy, but which consists of being raped by men, A Kazakhstan atheist blogger has been imprisoned for four months for allegedly inciting religious hatred. His trial starts next month and he faces 7 years in prison. Cameron's proposed filters extend to more than just porn Germany and France want drones in EU skies The Brutality of Corrective Rape South Africa has one of the worlds highest rates of sexual assault, and particularly insidious is corrective rape  the rape of gay men and lesbians to cure them of their sexual orientation Horrified police discover Jimmy Savile's secret lair Climate Change 'Climate of Fear' Reporter Blows Whistle on Reuters Edward Snowden isn't yet allowed to step outside the Moscow airport where he's been holed up for weeks, despite reports to the contrary The brutality of Corrective Rape Germany thousands of people demand to stop surveillance (more than 10.000 on the streets, google translate in comments) Syrian Christian Describes Religious Cleansing Of City By Islamist Rebels China's new '10dash line map' eats into Philippine territory Marte Dalelv's Dubai Ordeal 'I Was Fighting for My Life'  When Marte Dalelv reported her rape to Dubai police four months ago, she was charged and convicted to 16 months in prison. It was only after international pressure that she was later pardoned. Spanish Guardia Civil are searching every car at the Gibraltar frontier, causing a 10,000 car queue, lasting 6 hours, resulting in dehydration, diabetic attacks, and a lot more. Sixtyfive percent of girls in Bangladesh are being married off in their childhood, trapping them in a vicious cycle of poverty and ill health, experts at a roundtable said, calling for action to break the cycle. b'The picture that shames Italy' b'Karadzic Arrested! How come none of these links are in the top 10 on Reddit?!' European Union says it won't support military action against Iran b'A 64yearold London man who took photos of teenagers raising a ruckus in front of his apartment could be charged with assault. What is WRONG with the UK these days?' b'Israel is trying to suppress a forthcoming scathing US report on its policies in the Palestinian territories.' b'If You Believe Attacking Iran Is A Good Idea, Listen To This!' b'Chavez says Venezuela needs Russia for protection' b'Singapore Mulls Legal Kidney Trading ' Bosnian Serb wartime president Radovan Karadzic, one of the world's most wanted men for his part in civilian massacres, has been arrested. b'The minute I saw him turn over the first car, I knew it was a terror attack.' b'Mexican Resorts Destroying Mangroves, Dooming Fisheries' b'Top war crimes suspect Karadzic arrested in Serbia' b'US general warns Russia on nuclear bombers in Cuba' Canada's spreading cannabis crop b'Thanks To U.S. And Russia, The End Of The World Inches Closer' b'Blackwater to Shift Business Plan' b'Karadzic, one of the most wanted men in the world, finally caught' Inflation 'to hit Asian growth' b'Interesting British military document; Expects collapse of China, use of neutron bombs for ethnic cleansing, emergence of a smallsuper rich elite who will be able to afford life extention' b'Letters from Afghanistan  dogs, general, and orphans' b'Israeli filmed shooting prisoner, causing outragewho is the hypocrite? (Video)' Hamdan Guantanamo's Mystery Man b'UGANDA Poverty driving child sex abuse in the north' b'Chinas Olympic security measures reveal a regime under siege' b'Nigerian Muslims hail meat which spells Allah' Bill C309, if passed, would make it a crime to protest in a mask.  Could be up to a five year sentence. Acta loses more support in Europe as Netherlands and Bulgaria join Poland and Germany in refusing to support it. UK Parliament members concluded that the Internet plays a major role in the radicalization of terrorists and called on the government to pressure ISPs in Britain and abroad to censor online speech An EU court rules that social networking sites can't be compelled to install general filters to prevent illegal trading of music and other copyrighted material. After revolution in Egypt, women's taste of equality fades Women were at the vanguard in the protests that ousted Hosni Mubarak. But longheld sexism has reasserted itself at the hands of the military and the Islamists. Israel has threatened to tear down solar panels and wind turbines in Palestinian villages Greece Is on Pace for the Worst Recession in Modern History  The Greek economy shrank nearly 7% in 2011, the fifth straight year the country has been in a recession. GDP has shriveled by a sixth since 2006, and unemployment has tripled over that period to 20%. Acta is sinking EU Court of Justice rules out private and automatic Censorship Monsanto found guilty in French court of poisoning a farmer with weedkiller.  UK shuts down popular blog RnBXclusive...the owners arrested for allegedly defrauding the music industry. In addition, SOCA threaten RnBXclusive users with 10 yrs in prison if they downloaded music through the site N. Korean helicopter crashes, killing NK Minister of Commerce along with the commercial director of North Pyongan Province and related cabinet officials Canada wants warrantless Internet spying, says 
critics support child porn  Honduras govt report says most inmates in deadly prison fire were not convicted  The Washington Post NATO admits 8 Afghan children killed in air strike The Swedish Government wants to implement a change in the law which has the potential to make Sweden one of the toughest countries in the world to share files. Dubai  19 year old Indonesian girl kills her abusive 87 year old Singaporean employer. French film ban raises autism issue Saudi Arabia's religious police have arrested more than 140 people for celebrating Valentine's Day. Facing a backlash, Ottawa moves to retool cybercrime bill Rare Look at China's Energy Machine  
A photographer gains an inside look at China's massive power complex.  Its energy use, production, & ambitions are best captured by superlatives The country is the world's largest energy consumer & leading source of greenhouse gas emissions Iran wants early resumption of nuclear talks letter World's oldest hooker makes $80,000 a year from sex services at age of 97! Greece's Model Mayor  Reform Hero Takes on Corruption in Thessaloniki Facing backlash, Canada Conservatives eye rewrite of onlinesurveillance bill Prosecutors Try to Lift German President's Immunity  They've asked the federal parliament to lift President Christian Wulff's immunity over an escalating home loan scandal $6 Trillion in counterfeit US bonds found. Am I wrong for thinking this should be bigger news? German president Christian Wulff resigns in corruption scandal Canadians respond to new privacy bill by trending #TellVicEverything tweets, where they tweet the public safety minister about their mundane lives  Adolf Hitler had a son with a French teenager while serving as a soldier during the First World War, according to new evidence. Italy plans to tax Vatican on commercial properties Wikileaks expressed outrage at not being granted a speaking slot at UNESCO event The Media World after WikiLeaks and News of the World. Kalashnikov 5 Brandnew AK12 rifle unveiled Olympic Ban on Saudi Arabia Is Urged Over Lack of Female Athletes UN calls for Syrian president to step down Dutch Prince Johan Friso 'buried by Austria avalanche' Poachers Slaughter 200 Elephants in Cameroon Park in 6 Weeks  

Armed groups from Chad & Sudan blamed for unprecedented killing fueled by demand for ivory Mexico President Felipe Calderon's message to US 'No more weapons!' British tanks to be sent to Germany for storage so army can sell land in UK Poachers have killed more than 200 elephants in Cameroon in just six weeks, in a massacre fuelled by Asian demand for ivory. Germany president resigns over finances scandals The wife of former Liberian president Charles Taylor has introduced a bill making homosexuality  liable to a death sentence.  Japan Slowly Wakes Up to Doomsday Debt Risk   Capital flight, soaring borrowing costs, tanking currency & stocks & a central bank forced to pump vast amounts of cash into local banks  that is what Japan may have to contend with if it fails to tackle its snowballing debt Anthony Shadid, one of the finest reporters in the Middle East, has died while on assignment in Syria India is Burning How Rapid Growth is Destroying its Environment & Future  The nation's emerging environmental calamity threatens to overshadow  and undermine  its phenomenal development German prosecutor asks for President Christian Wulff's immunity from prosecution to be lifted How Chinese Energy Politics Will Reshape the Middle East  
Chinas going to import a lot more oil from Iran & the Arab world over the next 2 decades. America will import far less. Those 2 facts will profoundly change the geopolitics of the Middle East.


 Armed militias in Libya are committing human rights abuses with impunity, threatening to destabilize the country and hindering its efforts to rebuild, Amnesty International said Thursday Rupert Murdoch to launch new newspaper in UK Record $6 Trillion of Fake U.S. Bonds Seized in Mafia Probe Armed Robbery at Ancient Olympia museum in Greece, Dozens of artefacts reported to have been stolen. Canadian legislation will require internet service providers to log internet activity of all customers and provide information to government and police. The government says anyone who is against the bill is siding with child pronographers (Canadian) Conservative Party wants warrantless searches of everyone's internet history, saying all that oppose this support child porn. Athens in Flames [pics] Dresden stands up to neoNazi march  For years, neoNazis have marched on the anniversary of the 1945 Dresden air raid. In 2011, tension with counterdemonstrators escalated into clashes. But this year, the city seemed to have learned from past mistakes.  China cops beat Tibet monk as he burns Malaysia Celebrates Valentine's Day by Arresting Unmarried Couples Rome dropped its bid for the 2020 Olympics on Tuesday after Premier Mario Monti said the Italian government would not provide financial backing for an estimated $12.5billion project at a time of economic crisis. 
Millions of young people worldwide are unemployed  are we creating a lost generation? WTF India gives gallantry award to the police officer who stripped a woman naked, gave her electric shocks and shoved stones in her private parts. Motorcycle hitman uses magnetic bomb against Israeli diplomat  same method as killed the Iranian scientist. China to deport 29 North Korean defectors back to North Korea after several of them tried to reunite with family in South The Way Greeks Live Now  


A glimpse into harsh reality of life in Greece, where half of all under 25s are now out of work. And yet despite economic turmoil somehow everyday life rumbles on, in a collective trance, shot through with gallows humor 'Iranian' bomber injured in Bangkok. Other explosions were reported in the same busy commercial district of the Thai capital, injuring four others. Antarctic water PR stunt involving Vladimir Putin comes unstuck  

Head of Russian scientific expedition admits contents of presentation case were not actually from ancient subglacial lake JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank and HSBC are among at least seven firms facing a Canadian probe into whether they participated in a conspiracy to manipulate prices on interestrate derivatives 
Los Zetas, Mexico's number 2 drug cartel, paid hundreds of dollars to ordinary people to buy 203 assault rifles, handguns and a sniper rifle in Texas Vladimir Putin ridiculed after demanding Russians have more sex to halt declining population The one year anniversary of Bahrain's suppressed protest movement erupted in clashes as security personnel fanned out through the capital, Manama. Homs is being bombarded by rocket fire The Twitter followers who encouraged a Saudi journalist accused of blasphemy may be charged with the same crime Argentina's transport workers' union says it will boycott ships flying the British flag because of the dispute over the Falkland Islands CANADA  Proposed bill for expanded surveillance tabled in Commons Canada stepped up pressure on Washington on Monday [13 February 2012] to rewrite its controversial Volcker rule to remove restrictions on Canadian bank activities that it says do not threaten the U.S. financial system. Monsanto found guilty of poisoning in pesticide case Stem cells taken from patient's heart heal heart attack scars, regrow healthy muscle Bulgaria refuses to ratify ACTA Dutch Parliament Rejects ACTA On Human Rights Violations Academics vote 'shitstorm' as German's best English loanword Iran Cuts Oil Exports to Europe; Begins Using Its Own Nuclear Fuel Greece is Now the Unhappiest Nation in Europe Iran activates nuclear reactor, says underground bunker is fully operational Return of the toy protesters. Siberian authorities ban new protest because toys 'are not citizens of Russia' Honduras prison fire kills at least 272 inmates, official says another describes hellish scenes. Gaza Strips only power station, which supplies the Palestinian enclave with up to twothirds of its energy needs, has been shut down due to a shortage of fuel smuggled in from neighboring Egypt Palestinian man arrested by Israel, held without charge, is on day #59 of a hunger strike. Iran Foreign Minister Iran is the biggest victim of terrorism 'These are clearly crimes against humanity'  The Head of Human Rights Watch Kenneth Roth says the Assad regime is committing crimes against humanity and condemns Russia and China for their callous indifference towards Syrian lives.  An Observer in Athens The Greek people have gone to war against the system How secret renditions shed light on MI6's licence to kill and torture Italy prosecutors seek 5year jail term for Berlusconi ... on charges of paying British lawyer David Mills a $600K (382K pound) bribe to lie about the former prime minister's business interests RSF Israeli troops take aim at photojournalists covering protests in West Bank Iran stops oil exports to six EU countries. Syria won't accept peacekeepers Syrian Ambassador to China Hundreds of inmates burn to death in massive Honduras prison fire Metal, code, flesh Why we need a 'Rights of the Internet' declaration. Russian Submarine Fire Last Year Almost Resulted In Nuclear 'Catastrophe'  Vlaast magazine has a story, unfortunately not online, that says that the ship was at the time carrying 16 missiles, each full of fuel, with 4 nuclear warheads on each missile. In letter, Iran says it's ready for nuclear talks  Yahoo! News At least 200 killed in Honduras prison fire Bahrain deports 6 Americans for illegal activities As Sarkozy seeks new term, French are wary of 'Merkozy'  An embattled French President Nicolas Sarkozy is touting his strong ties with powerful German chancellor Angela Merkel as he prepares to announce his bid for a second term today.  Drug War Revolt in Central America  Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina said Saturday he will propose legalizing drugs in Central America in an upcoming meeting with the regions leaders. Eight arrests as Murdoch 'throws staff to the wolves'. Five senior 'Sun' journalists, two MoD staff and a police officer taken in dawn swoop as new front opens in bribery scandal
 Canada ISPs not subject to content rules, Supreme Court says I fear for a social explosion Greeks can't take any more punishment. EU policy of forced austerity is driving country to economic collapse. Murdoch media empire engulfed in scandal as Scotland Yard's net spreads PigFarm Breaches Human Rights  Plans to build a USstyle mega farm, housing 25,000 pigs with over a 1,000 a week slaughtered, poses health risks to those in historic Foston & to imprisoned women nearby  Objections are mounting, because of new evidence of risks to the health of people. Protests in Greece Historic cinemas, cafes and shops went up in flames in central Athens on Sunday as blackmasked protesters fought Greek police outside parliament, while inside lawmakers looked set to defy the public rage by endorsing a new EU/IMF austerity deal. The temperature in a reactor at the crippled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant may have risen to 82 degrees on Feb. 12, a situation that could force the government to revoke the declaration of an equivalent of cold shutdown. Human rights abuses could be covered up under new justice bill proposals in the UK British police arrest five at Murdoch's Sun newspaper





  As ewaste becomes more valuable, the German Post Office enters the recycling game  Post offices will collect old mobile phones, household electronic devices, used printer cartridges, & any other ewaste that's small enough to fit in an A4size envelop   Syrian government forces are using detained civilians as human shields on tanks. A mysterious epidemic is devastating the Pacific coast of Central America, killing more than 24,000 people in El Salvador and Nicaragua since 2000 and striking thousands of others with chronic kidney disease at rates unseen virtually anywhere else Saudi Arabia threatens to go nuclear 'in weeks' if Iran gets bomb  SAUDI Arabia would launch a military nuclear program immediately if Iran successfully developed atomic weapons.  Greek parliament approves new austerity bill About 24,000 people will be displaced from towns in the Amazon to make way for the world's third biggest dam.Belo Monte is finishing our community. We had no option. For me, the saddest part of this story is to know that everything I helped create here I'm now seeing it all be destroyed. Photos of Greece in turmoil. Australia under pressure again to tighten slaughterhouse regulations after the airing of secretly filmed footage of animals being clubbed with iron bars & repeatedly shocked in the face with electrical prods  An official called it ''gross mistreatment''.  ''Strict measures will be ramped up.'' 


  Iran prepares suicide bomb boats in Gulf Fukushima reactor readings raise reheating concern Temperature inside No 2 reactor may have risen to 82C, and Tepco reportedly steps up cooling efforts
 Nun sets herself on fire in China Over 100,000 rally in Lisbon against austerity A Jerusalem court has started debating the meaning of Fascism as the right wing group Im Tirtzu sues activists Greek Parliament approves another round of austerity measures Younger Castro steers Cuba to a new revolution Monsanto is found guilty of chemical poisoning in France. The company was sued by a farmer who suffers neurological problems that the court found linked to pesticides. Maldives Islamists Storm National Museum, Destroy Entire Collection of 12thCentury Buddhist Statues Last Of The Cave People A nomadic people in Papua New Guinea were rumored to be living in remote caves in the forest. When we found them, they sent a surprising message to the modern world. Osama Bin Laden told his children Live in Peace in the West. Get an Education. Video Shows Syrian AntiAircraft Tank Firing Randomly Into Peoples' Homes Democracy is ending in the land where it began Amazon Defenders Face Death or Exile  


Brazilian activists who inform on illegal loggers laying waste to the rainforests can expect a visit from the gunmen BBC News  Delhi blast hits Israeli diplomat's car Osama bin Laden's told his children 'not to follow him down path of jihad'   Saudi Writer Is Facing a Possible Death Sentence Over Tweets on Prophet Riots spread as Greek lawmakers OK austerity bill  Israel says bombs target embassies in India, Georgia
 NATO says found Afghan children dead after air strike 
Iran 30 million lose email access  Archaeologists strike gold in quest to find Queen of 
Sheba's wealth  What Greek Austerity Looks Like China has urged Iran to cooperate more closely with the global nuclear watchdog and rejoin talks on its nuclear program that has caused a rift with the West. Supply of Childhood Leukemia Drug May Run Out Within Weeks Libya Tells UN Rights Council Gays threaten continuation of human race

Libyas postsuspension return marked by Islamist policy on gays
 Athens mayhem raises fears of Greek social explosion. We refuse to stand against our parents, our brothers, our children, the Greek Police Federation said. Greece lies bankrupt, humiliated and ablaze is cradle of democracy finished? The violence, looting and chaos engulfing the country underlines growing rift between the Greek people and their politicians
 The Russians are leaving  Russia Highly qualified middleclass professionals, feeling ignored by the country's economy and political system, are emigrating in search of greener pastures.  Irish TD's to filter letters of complaint from public as Spam Israeli air raid kills Palestinian in Gaza Car Bombs in India and Georgia Targeted Israeli Officials  Israel has confirmed that a car bomb that went off at its embassy in New Delhi was targeting one of its diplomats, while another bomb near its embassy in Tbilisi, Georgia has been defused. 11 current Latin American leaders call for legal drug regulation as an alternative to the war on drugs.  The British govt about to unveil proposals to block the Internet for copyright enforcement purposes Anonymous threatens cyber crusade against Israel  accusing it of Crimes against humanity Belgian firefighters soak police in protest!
I never thought I'd see firehoses turned on the police. Donald Trump Accuses Alex Salmond of Wanting to Destroy Scottish Coast  

Billionaire attempts to derail wind farm plans with letter to first minister  & by ceasing work on his Aberdeenshire golf resort.  Trump opposes the wind farm, saying it'll ruin the view from his  resort.  World gets ready for ACTA protests Iran sending upto 15,000 elite troops to Syria  Overfishing of EU fisheries is costing 2.7bn (3.2bn euros) a year & 100,000 jobs  1/3 of Britain's fish consumption could be met if stocks were allowed to recover.  But separate research shows 1/2 of fishermen wouldn't be willing to give up their livelihoods. Rhino dies in antipoaching demo by conservationists Afghan children killed in NATO air strike RAF helicopter death revelation leads to secret Iraq detention camp
 Israel and Iran Closer to takeoff  Momentum is growing for an Israeli airstrike on Iranwith or without American support | The Economist Sane man lives in Romania mental hospital for 80 years Iran Begins Blocking Sites Using HTTPS Protocol  effectively censoring major bank sites, Google, Gmail, Facebook and many other commercial sites. Roman Catholic Church leaders have unveiled an Internet teaching project to help clergy around the world root out pedophiles in their ranks and protect children from potential abusers. BBC News  Tibetans set themselves alight in protests As many as 126 reported killed as Syrian attacks escalate  CNN.com Putin to dismantle United Russia after election In Rare, Blunt Speech, Saudi King Criticizes Syria Vetoes Japan Scrambles Fighters to Meet Russian Bombers A group of Ecuadoreans take offensive against a Hague arbitration panel that they claim will meet in secret, without transparency or accountability, to determine the fate of an $18.2 billion environmental judgment they won against Chevron Pakistan's InterServices Intelligence accused of kidnapping and torturing 11 men, four of whom have been found dead India Explores Economic Opportunities in Iran, Denting Western Sanctions Plan Iraq executes 14 people in one day, 65 so far this year Islamists in Egypt halt filming of TV series  Islamist students halted the filming of an Egyptian television series at Cairo's Ain Shams University protesting against the indecent clothing of the actresses Massive Street Protests Wage War On ACTA Hundreds of thousands of people are taking to the streets to prevent their countries and the European Parliament from putting the free Internet at risk by ratifying ACTA Kim Jongun assassination turns out to just be a birthday party. Seriously. U.S. official No evidence North Korean leader is dead Five employees of The Sun, were arrested today over allegations of inappropriate payments to police and public officials. Iran to unveil 'great nuclear achievements' Protests over Greece's austerity cuts turn violent Striking Belgian firefighters hose down the cops | The Raw Story Second protester shot dead in Saudi Arabia  Syrian general gunned down, state TV says Greek Police Union Wants to Arrest EU, IMF Officials 5 staff at The Sun, 3 others arrested in UK inquiry over alleged media bribes to officials Pollution from unauthorized factories said to cause catastrophic health issues in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, where they were built in order to evade Israeli environmental standards. Respected journalist John Pilger on Australia's ABC talks about what Julian Assange is up against. Iran partially blocks encrypted network traffic and shuts down HTTPS protocol. Iran to announce very important nuclear achievements state TV Syria satellite images show government is using artillery and mortars against Homs Argentina accuses the UK of sending a nucleararmed submarine to the South Atlantic, and makes an official complaint to the UN over the Falklands. US Officials Say Kim Jong Un Assassination Rumors Untrue 
Eight people held over payments inquiry Eight people have been arrested over allegations of corrupt payments to police and public officials, Scotland Yard has said Russia Accuses West of Arming Syrian Rebels The worlds losing its workers. How will we compete?  About 11 per cent of the worlds people are over 60 at the moment. In the next 25 years that will double, to almost a fifth, and one in six of those people will be over 80 In Afghanistan, a new approach to teaching history Leave out the wars We arent mature enough to come up with a way to teach such a sensitive history,  Anonymous vows crusade against Israel Horror escalates in Syria as U.N. tries again to reach resolution  CNN.com New clashes in Saudi Arabia leave 'protester' dead. First fully lab grown organ successfully transplanted. South Sudan becomes an independent nation Onearm man arrested for clapping, mute person for shouting in Belarus; sadly not an Onion article. Government documents reveal Canada's Net Neutrality enforcement failure Rogers throttled bandwidth for many protocols, including World of Warcraft; Bell Canada throttled traffic from Hotfile.com Malaysia Hundreds detained over banned rally  Malaysian police have detained more than 440 people as they tried to assemble for a banned protest in the capital Kuala Lumpur. Prime Minister of Australia (Julia Gillard) Stops same sex couples from getting married in New York BP wants future spill claims limited At least 17 killed in northern Mexico bar massacre Thousands Fill Egypt's Tahrir Square Demanding faster reforms and prosecution of Mubarak era officials, protesters gather to put pressure on military rulers US summons Syrias ambassador after receiving alarming reports of Syrian diplomats conducting video and photographic surveillance of people participating in protests in the United States. When Sweden Rules The World  Sweden, this anomalous oblong nation of 9 million, wedged as comfortably as an axe into Europes forehead, has enriched the world with a wildly disproportionate number of creations. Some nutty, some mythical, some not even Swedish Berlusconi firm fined $982 million in bribery appeal In Pictures Protests suppressed in Malaysia Is the age of the Murdoch establishment nearly over? United Nations Texas' execution of Mexican national broke international law because he was not granted consular access Freedom flotilla ship heads to Gaza Israel blocks proPalestinian 'flytilla' activists Human Rights Watch releases testimonies of Syrian military defectors who say they were ordered to shoot to kill when cracking down on protesters Mafia's toxic dumping 'increases cancer rates' Japan's nuclear industry credibility crumbles amid email scandal Rebekah Brooks The Queen of Willful Blindness  If you want to learn about one discredited womans job being saved at the expense of the biggest selling newspaper in the Englishspeaking world then read this Murdoch heads to UK after third hacking arrest Ukranian city of Odessa is a sex trafficking trade hub for countries across the northern hemisphere Israel detains 120 foreign activists The German parliament has granted its approval for testing carbon capture and storage technology, which enables coalfired power plants to liquify their pollutants and store them underground. Critics claim the potential dangers of the technology have been inadequately addressed. 15yearold boy tortured to death in Syrian prison for failing to praise president  James Murdoch should answer to the police, Cameron suggests Andy Coulson (former editor of the News of the World and David Camerons expersonal communications director) has been arrested over the Phone Hacking Scandal Hugh Grant's best role yet  scourge of News International The Hacked Off campaign has brought out a new authority in the actor, as he fearlessly calls Rupert Murdoch to account Rebekah Brooks won't resign as News Int's chief executive because if she goes the spotlight will fall on to Rupert Murdoch's son, James. Rupert Murdoch's bid to take full control of BSkyB has been thrown into disarray. Canada ends combat mission in Afghanistan Visa Again Blocks Funds For WikiLeaks Thousands of Egyptian protesters have gathered at Tahrir Square in central Cairo to press for speedier reforms from the government. Horn of Africa drought 'A vision of hell' Syrian singer slaughtered after writing, leading antiBashar song Electronic Frontier Foundation to Microsoft and Cisco Stop choosing to become little tech helpers to China's repressive regime and instead choose to be a force for good At 98, Gay Concentration Camp Survivor Shares Story  Rudolf Brazda, who may be the last living gay man to have survived the terror, shares his life story in a newly published book. James Murdoch could face criminal charges on both sides of the Atlantic In Israel, a Tsunami Warning, Noam Chomsky 'Shoot on sight' orders as violence soars in Karachi, Pakistan FRANCE Israel extends a no fly ban to European activists. Airlines are denying boarding for European passengers. Mandatory interrogation prior embarking.  Syrian security thugs were joking while kicking an elderly man in the face, they are selling that sick video clip of it to an opposition TV 'A criminal coverup' at Murdoch HQ Cameron abandons Rebekah amid claims of an email wipeout at the News of the World.  Agony And Ivory  On illegal ivory trade. We are greeted by the nauseating stench of rotting flesh. Fifty yards from the blood trail, the dead, decomposing elephant is kneeling in a pool of its own fluid, which is swarming with flies Sins of the Flesh Church Shaken by Sexual Abuse Allegations in Africa  Following a series of abuse cases in Europe and North America, revelations have emerged of sexual abuse by priests in a number of African countries. Iceland declares it will support a proposal for Palestinian independence 2.5 hours to show you don't want News International to dominate UK TV News of the World resources used to undermine police investigation of murder; what did Rebekah Brooks know? News of the World editor arrested 