 Anonymous Open letter To The World [Time to make the world what it should be!] Wikileaks among nominees for 2011 Nobel Peace Prize Tony Blair used his final foreign trip as prime minister to sign a confidential deal with Muammar Gaddafi to train Libyan special forces and supply him with Nato secrets.  German Defence Minister KarlTheodor zu Guttenberg has stepped down after he was found to have copied large parts of his university doctorate Afghanistan, February 2011 [pics] Tens of thousands of antigovernment protesters took to the streets today in Yemen, calling for the end of President Ali Abdullah Saleh's 32year rule. Saudi Arabia sends tanks to Bahrain  Witnesses said that the causeway was blocked as 15 tank carriers carrying two tanks each were heading towards Bahrain Saudi Arabia Ripe for Revolution. AlArabiya DirectorGeneral Where Was All This Bold Criticism of AlQadhafi during the 40 Years of His Tyranny? Right after the Israeli film Strangers No More a documentary film that focuses foreign children wins an Oscar, Israel is planning a mass expulsion of these children Why I dont give money to Africa Dictator's son orders a $380 million luxury yacht, with a cost of almost three times more than his country spends annually on health and education Son of Equatorial Guinea's dictator had plans drawn up for $380m superyacht  that's three times the worth Equatorial Guinea's health and education bill BREAKING Iran forces fire teargas, clash with protesters! Is NATO trying to silence reports on civilian casualties in Kunar?  A crisis is brewing over alleged civilian casualties in northeastern Afghanistan, while US forces temporarily detain journalists covering the incident. Ice Age Child Found in Prehistoric Alaskan Home  Westerners, be careful the company you keep  If Western governments want to have any credibility in the postrevolutionary Arab world, they need to stop hiring people, even as envoys, who are already in the pay of current or former Arab dictators.  Iran is threatening a boycott of the 2012 olympics because it says the logo is racist. Israel vows to raze all illegal outposts built on private Palestinian land With Russia's $650 billion rearmament plan, the bear sharpens its teeth  If Russia can reduce reliance on its aging Sovietera nuclear missile deterrent, analysts say it could create a 'whole new ball game.' FAKE Jasmin revolution in China... Israeli settlers hit back after army demolishes their West Bank homes Call for a 'day of rage' as hardliners attack Palestinian villages and block roads in Jerusalem Libya Russia, China join France in opposing military action by foreign countries against Gaddafi  Gaddafi delusional, unleashes more jets to bombard prodemocracy activists Son of African dictator builds 380 million dollar yacht... yeah that seems legit. Saddi Gaddafi is bothered with traveling issue regarding new sanctions because he spent most of his life traveling I have some hobbies after I quit football. I do some hunting, I go to safari. In Libya there is no safari, so I got to go to safari, I got to hire a lawyer. Can we stop referring to what's happening in Libya as a protest?  We have armed rebel forces engaging in guerilla combat with bazookas and heavy artillery, taking and losing cities.  This is officially a civil war. The Ivory Coast president, Laurent Gbagbo, has cut off electricity and water supplies to millions of people in the north of the country for political reasons, the UN has said. CNN Anchor Interviews Al Jazeera Anchor Who Interviewed Libyan Rebels Reports that Egypt's military junta is already handing out jail sentences to activists Bradley Manning, accused Wikileaks source, may face Death penalty N Korea threatens war over leaflets New ActivistRecommended Prime Minister Appointed Today in Egypt! First we ousted Mubarak. Second, we got rid of Shafiq. We have become again the owners of this country, said Bassem Kamel, a member of the Youth Coalition, an umbrella group of activists who launched the protests Jan. 25.  Anons, Simply Wake Up on March 9th and know, the world is one...wake up look to the east and the rising sun. Rupert Murdoch given approval to buy pretty much all UK satellite TV.  Coming soon Fox News, UK Division!   Complete List Of Which EU Countries Sold Weapons To Libya  Everyone enjoys a righteous uprising like the ones now tearing across the Middle East. But even while we might be rooting for the antigovernment protesters, whenever we fill up the gas tank were reminded that. like it or not, our own welfare is inextricably tied to those embattled despots. Rupert Murdoch's global empire (infographic) Nine Afghan Boys Collecting Firewood Killed by NATO Helicopters Global food prices hit record high  Europe  Al Jazeera English Pakistan Court Rules CIA Killer Raymond Davis Has No Immunity   Thursday's decision is at least a temporary blow to the US, which insists Davis was considered a diplomat and was acting in selfdefence against the dead men, whom he called robbers. China Adds New Limits on Foreigners Gaddafi ACCEPTS Peace Plan Proposed By Chavez Saudi Arabia Early stirring of revolt Killing over blasphemy law deepens misery of Pakistani Christians Three Dutch soldiers captured in Libya while evacuating westeners Is Syria the Next Domino?  Until now, Syrias rulers have relied on their antiIsrael, antiWestern rhetoric to protect themselves. In the last few years, when Israeli planes struck targets in Syria, there was no answer from the regime even when Israeli planes flew over the presidential palace. Chicas Kalshnikov  
Interviews with women who work as killers for Mexican drug cartels. Yaretzi was on her twentysixth murder, but she was arrested with two AK47s before she could complete the job. That is why we are here, on the prison patio Opposition Carries on Fight against Gadhafi 'If the Americans Come, They Would Steal our Revolution' UN inspectors attacked as Ivory Coast heads towards civil war [LIBYA]Battle for Brega The problem with Google Earth people will get mad when they see the scale of your huge palace next to insanely crowded slums. Just ask the King of Bahrain... My father recieved Non Hodgkin's Lymphona cancer after serving in the Bosnian war, and now after 25+ years peacekeeping for his country they deny him a pension. Please help get the word out, VAC is taking my dad's last days away from him.
(chronicle herald article included)  Libya's Bankers Exposed Goldman, JP Morgan And Citi A summary of what WikiLeaks has uncovered so far. Staggering. Pakistani Minister for Minority Affairs Assassinated  Veteran Israeli diplomat resigns in protest to Israeli foreign policy blaming global antiIsraeli occupation views on antiSemitism is simplistic and artificial Democracy Virus Has Dictators Fretting First it was Ben Ali in Tunisia, then Mubarak in Egypt. Now Libya's Gadhafi is under pressure. From Cuba to China, dictators are watching events in the Arab world with alarm, with full knowledge that ideas are spreading to their populations via the Internet Bank of England governor blames spending cuts on bank bailouts. 'The price of this financial crisis is being borne by people who absolutely did not cause it'
 China wants ALL trades settled in Yuan.  Does not 
hide intention to challenge other reserve currencies 
(namely the Dollar). Zimbabwean army helping Gaddafi in Libya  Two shot dead at Frankfurt Airport  a bus at Terminal 2 used by the US military was targeted. The bus driver and one US soldier are thought to have been killed in the shooting. TIL that you're not allowed to broadcast false or misleading news in Canada.  I also learned that some people want to change this. I'm not even religious, but God speed you tough bastards. Violent suppression of protest at Toronto's G20  CBC documentary [video] Canada sends warship to Libya Gorbachev tells Putin not to run for president  He said the vertical of power that the Kremlin has built to oversee the country's politics and economics has rotted to its core and issued a direct challenge to the country's defacto leader, Putin, to step aside. Zimbabwe More Activists Arrested As Mugabe Hits Panic Button US soldiers shot and killed at German airport Declaration Of CyberWar  
Intimate history of Stuxnet computer virus, apparently designed to paralyse Iranian nuclear centrifuges. Does excellent job of explaining with minimal jargon why this virus was so innovative, complex, devastating SAS Ready To Seize Col Gaddafi's Stores Of Mustard Gas  Can you guess the most censored countries?  UPDATE Sudan youth group calls for mass demonstrations on March 21st; Members of ruling party already urging Bashir to bring about immediate reforms. [xpost /r/Sudan] Social networking causes problematicallylarge street parties in Brazil UN suspends Libya from Human Rights Council  Libya has become the first country to be suspended from the UN Human Rights Council, after the rest of the world condemned the Gaddafi regime's gross and systematic violations of the rights of its people. German unemployment down to 7.9% Chinese dissident creates a Facebook account using a name without documentation to avoid arrest. Facebook bans him. Then Mark Zuckerberg creates a profile for his dog.  LONDON  Police have arrested nine people, including two of Britain's wealthiest entrepreneurs, on suspicion of fraud in connection with the 2008 collapse of Iceland's Kaupthing bank Raped 13yrold Peruvian, tries to commit suicide by jumping out of window, survived but paralyzed. Doctors not only refused to operate as she was pregnant, but also denied her abortion People Don't Know When They Are Lying To Themselves  
Interesting new research on cheating hints that we should view humans as rationalising rather than rational animals. In many instances cheaters not only deceive themselves, but are largely oblivious to their own lies PAKISTAN A 16 year old girl was gang raped almost for one month  perpetrators were released by the police Russian media has a very different take on the unrest in Libya Libya  Military Tank Runs Over Car People inside it in Benghazi Nine people, including property tycoons Robert and Vincent Tchenguiz, were arrested on Wednesday over the collapse of the Icelandic bank Kaupthing. Cigarettes to vanish from shelves in England  England will join several countries, including Canada, Ireland and Finland, in removing cigarettes from tobacconists' shelves. At women's march in The New Egypt (TM), men prove women's point by scolding, shoving, beating, groping them, and telling them to go home where they belong Not The Onion 'Cost of slaves falls to historic low' In Juarez, women just disappear [LIBYA] Huge explosion, Benghazi, Libya. Recent upload. No information as to the cause. Are there any Arabic speakers who could translate? British judge grabs sex offender by throat to stop him escaping from court
 Doctors in Yemen say nerve gas used on protesters Libya's Escalating Conflict [pics] The US government is facing a potential lawsuit on behalf of Guatemalans who were deliberately given gonorrhoea or syphilis in medical tests decades ago. Finally sensible domestic policy Any nofly zone over Libya must have international backing and not be a U.S.led effort, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Tuesday Eleven people died in fighting between Christians and Muslims in Egypt after church gets burned to ground in the deadliest unrest since the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak Gaddafi offers 500K dinars ($410,900) reward for whoever captures and hands over the agent spy Abdul Jalil  Libyan minister turned rebel leader Japan stealth jet prototype set to fly in 2014 Gaddafi jets take off from Tripoli  UK petrol prices have almost reached a recordbreaking US$10 per gallon Reports that Mubarak was involved in 2005 terrorist attack that killed 80 in Egyptian tourist town Libya Rebels Bombarded by Planes and Tanks in Vicious Fight for Zawiyah UK insists 'can't stand aside', US weighs up military options BitTorrent User uses $4 Seedbox and Saves 172 BBC Websites From Extinction to expose the cost savings of this proposed exercise as nothing more than a charade to appease the detractors to a strong BBC and to curry favour with the David Cameron government. Wikileaks cables leaked information regarding global food policy as it relates to U.S. officials  in the highest levels of government  that involves a conspiracy with Monsanto to force the global sale and use of geneticallymodified foods. Israeli Defense Minister Israel may ask US for additional $20 billion in military aid in response to Arab prodemocracy upheavals Gaddafi deploys tanks and hundreds of troops in allout effort to take Zawiyah 19 yr old Montreal Graffiti artist brutally attacked & killed by a couple of teens angry that he was covering their graffiti with his  One of the teens was sentenced today  3 years max! Gaddafi's wife owns some 20 tons of gold, which would make her worth around $1 Billion  Should individuals have a right to be forgotten? A doctor in Spain botched a surgery 20 years ago, now he wants the newspaper article purged from Google claiming it's personal information [article pasted in comments] Yemeni army fires at student protesters International women's day in Cairo Protesting women harassed, attacked, and reports of shots fired Ivory Coast Woman Protesters massacred by Presidents henchmen (warning Graphic) Anonymous hackers vow to avenge accused WikiLeaks source Army pfc. Bradley Manning from jail abuse The revolutionaries in Libya have their website Rebels demand Gaddafi step down within 72 hour and stops all bombings and rebels appeal for help from the world pleading for a 'no fly zone' Gaddafi wanted guarantees of personal safety for him and his family and a pledge that they not be put on trial. The offer was rejected because it would have amounted to an honorable exit for Gaddafi and would offend his victims. Whites only nightclubs in Warsaw?  Three out of eight nightclubs tested for racial discrimination in Warsaw at the weekend refused entry to black people, a report by the Institute of Public Affairs reveals. 'Corrective Rape' Fighting a South African Scourge Pakistani authorities have released details of a letter threatening all who support repeal of Pakistan's blasphemy law.

The note was found along side the body of Shabaz Bhatti, the Christian minister of minorities following his assassination this week. Libyan revolutionaries speak out The West's war machine won't help us win The Penny Has Dropped  Israelis must find it hard to accept that their state is one of the least popular countries in the world. (BBC Global Poll 21% have a positive opinion) The myth of a free market
Why is this not covered by US news? US group fights ban on Israel 'war crime' bus ads Lukashenko's dictatorship frontpage on the Independent Tuareg 'blue warriors' arrive to boost Gaddafi loyalist force Egyptian Romeo and Juliet lead to deadly clashes and a church burning  The violence was triggered by a feud between two families, which disapproved of a romantic relationship between a Christian man and a Muslim woman Don't Dismiss a Jasmine Moment in China The Chinese government is taking the possibility of prodemocracy protests seriouslyand that's what activists want Nepal sees tiger population go up by 63% since 2009 Irish President signs Protection of Life During Pregnancy Bill into law  legally giving a woman access to an abortion where there is a real and substantial risk to her life, including risk of suicide. Russia To Ban Swearing On The Internet Canada Liberal Party Leader Says Legalize Marijuana Its one of the only ways to keep it out of the hands of our kids, because the current war on drugs, the current model, is not working. A Challenge to the NSA Deny Snowden's Most Radical Claims Under Oath Some officials say the whistleblower was lying. The journalist who brought his revelations to light wants them to say it under oath Thailand has become the first country to ban bitcoins after the central bank ruled it is not a currency A new animated series voiced by pop stars is set to debut on Pakistani TV next month entitled the 'Burka Avenger.' The hero is a young girl who wears a burka to keep her identity secret as she fights corrupt politicians and the Taliban. BP Reveals There's Just $300m Left in its Gulf of Mexico Oil Spill Compensation Fund  Company blames falling profits on lower oil prices, an unusually high tax rate because of a stronger dollar, & lower income from Russia Tar sands oil has been leaking into Alberta, Canada for 10 weeks and no one knows how to stop it Trains collide headon in Switzerland. At least 30 injured GlobalWarming Armageddon? It may be more likely than you thought  Calculations from Canadian & US scientists show runaway greenhouse effect is realistic possibility Saudi Arabia sentences secular activist to 600 lashes, seven years prison for setting up a liberal network and alleged insults to Islam Nobody wants to help us because we are Untouchables in India acid attack survivor Chanchal Kumari Icefree Arctic in two years heralds methane catastrophe  scientist Taliban launch major attack on Pakistani prison, free 300 inmates Police force university to cancel Muslim feminist lecture Serco the company that is running Britain. Serco is a giant global corporation that has hoovered up outsourced government contracts. Now the NHS is firmly in its sights. But it stands accused of mismanagement, lying and even charging for nonexistent work (Xpost r/unitedkingdom) Mexico shuts down more than 20 coal pits due to child labour probe Egypt restores feared secret police units Militarybacked government seems to have no intent of reforming practices that characterised both Mubarak and Morsi eras King Richard III of England Dig unearths mysterious coffinwithinacoffin White House Muted in Response to New Mass Killing of Egyptian Protesters FBI arrests 150 in three days in child sextrafficking sweep Taliban gunmen storm Pakistan prison, free hundreds Taliban attacks jail in Pakistan freeing over 250 prisoners, including 25 dangerous terrorists Afghan waste aid money squandered on conferences. Rather, it has spent nearly $50 million  roughly a quarter of the total program budget  on conferences, overhead and workshops Snowden's father says FBI asked him to fly to Moscow to persuade son to return home to US Egypt's cultural heritage is in danger. Grave robbers, sometimes heavily armed, are taking advantage of political chaos to plunder its poorly guarded archaeological sites. Authorities feel powerless to stop them and fear that ancient treasures might be lost forever. To give some perspective to the recent story concerning the upcoming Olympics, this is what happens during a gay pride event in Russia In Turkey, Higher Education Loans and Dormitories Institution announces no education loans will be granted to students who engage in resistance, stage boycotts, chant slogans or become involved in similar activities XKeyscore NSA tool collects 'nearly everything a user does on the internet' Woolly mammoth DNA may lead to a resurrection of the ancient beast Saudi princess to face trial in US court Military judge finds Bradly Manning not guilty of aiding the enemy Greece to end free police protection for rich Iran and Syria sign $3.6bn oil deal Tehran agrees to supply Damascus with oil in exchange for the right to invest in country devastated by conflict. Righttodie campaigners lose battle LacMegantic Train Disaster (Que, Can)  Company Not Able to Afford CleanUp Costs; Possible Bankruptcy. Christian programs attempting to convert homosexuals continue in Australia with tragic results  I know people that have done the programs a number of times and attempted suicide. It's one of the most psychologically damaging things Moscow police bust ring of professed socalled psychics accused of convincing people they were cursed and then charging to remove the hexes Can a carbon tax work without hurting the economy? Ask British Columbia. Five years in, BC's carbon tax has successfully reduced greenhouse gas emissions in a stable economy There's no question I have access to information that members of Congress don't Greenwald today with Brian Lehrer Longliving Japanese society needs better quality of death Global warmings new natural disaster Himalayan tsunamis. June megafloods killed as many as 6,000 in the town of Kedarnath  and experts expect more to come London police officers face action over woman's stripsearch The father of US fugitive Edward Snowden says the FBI asked him to travel to Moscow and see his son, who he advises to stay in Russia After Toronto street car shooting, Canadian police considering implementing bodyworn video cameras (BWV). Why fewer ground reports are emerging from Syria Foreign journalists are increasingly staying out of Syria  The country has fallen into economic ruin and hardcore jihadist groups, many with foreign ties, have proliferated. These two factors have created an environment ripe for kidnapping Cardinal Dolan Clarifies Pope Francis Remarks Homosexual people deserve love respect and dignity, while homosexual acts are immoral U.S. wants exemption from Canadian law for crossborder officers working in Surrey and Ontario UN gives DR Congo rebels 48 hours to hand in weapons Campaign to boycott Rupert Murdoch is gathering pace The News International phone tapping scandal escalates spectacularly new accusations that then British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and 10 members of the British Royal Family were tapped by Murdoch's other two flagship newspapers, The Sun and The Sunday Times. Serbia wants U.N. to honor scientist & inventor Nikola Tesla's birthday  
 Do we Need a Hippocratic oath for journalists? Does the media ventriloquise the concerns of the elite? Canadian parents wrongly convicted of killing their children, as pathologist made gross errors in his autopsies Karzai's brother shot dead in Kandahar Ahmed Wali Karzai was president of provincial council and one of the most powerful men in Afghanistan. Gordon Brown Says Newspaper Hired Known Criminals As Murdoch Attempts Damage Control in Light of New evidence that Other Murdoch Newspapers Are Implicated Copper mining will crush ancient Afghan site Teams in Afghanistan scramble to save artifacts before a Chinese company starts mining work at Mes Aynak, an area filled with the ruins of 5th century Buddhist monasteries. Gaddafi is prepared to leave Here is the Human Rights Watch report Getting Away with Torture The Bush Administration and Mistreatment of Detainees  Few bother to contribute to Australia's official Classification debate on Internet filter and game ratings, and the majority of those want censorship Only 80 public submissions have been made, and 80% of those are from people who believe in government intervention for the sake of child protection NY Times The Israeli Parliament on Monday passed legislation banning any public call for a boycott against the state of Israel or its West Bank settlements, making such action a punishable offense News International my son's medical records were hacked, says Gordon Brown Welcome to Murdochia   Murdoch's controversial media empire extends far beyond the English Channel  and it's been no stranger to scandal across the globe. Watchdogs slam Israel law making boycott calls illegal  Rupert Murdoch invited to appear before MPs. Commons culture select committee also invites James Murdoch and Rebekah Brooks to answer questions about phone hacking Shark Fishing Banned in Honduras, Bahamas  73,000,000 sharks killed annually mainly for their fins prized in China News Corp shares down 4.4% in early Tuesday 
trading; bank rates News shares a 'sell' as analyst 
cuts his valuation of company by 18% News of The World phone hacking scandal infects Rupert Murdoch's other newspapers in the UK his were the only nationals to have lost sales over the weekend Explosion rocks Egyptian gas pipeline Egyptian state TV says masked gunmen have blown up country's pipeline that supplies gas to Israel and Jordan. Israel Bans ProPalestinian Boycotts Chinese Space Station shipped to launch site, ready for launch in September China criticizes the US for spending too much on its military The US is spending too much on its military in light of its recent economic troubles, and should look after taxpayers  A race for land is destroying the Guatemalan rainforest  The fastest rate of deforestation in the world  News Corp.s Lost $7B Shows Investor Concern A simple invention, a bottle of water and a couple teaspoons of bleach, is bringing light to the slums of the Philippines. BBC News  News Corp withdraws bid for BSkyB Rupert Murdoch is bleeding cash trying to save plummeting News Corp The growing phone hacking scandal has sent News Corp's shares down 13% since the story first broke; the share price collapse had wiped more than $5bn off the market value of News Corp; Murdoch has personally lost $2bn An Austrian atheist has won the right to be shown on his drivinglicence photo wearing a pasta strainer as religious headgear Israeli police will not face trial over killing girl 
because while the courts agree there is no debate 
the police shot her, it happened in 2007 and that is 
too long ago now. Mumbai Explosions shake India's financial hub And let me also say this. The people involved... however high or low they go must not only be brought to justice they must also have no future role in the running of a media company in our country. 

 British PM David Cameron Some of the world's most famous clothing brands, including Nike, Adidas Puma, and H&M are using suppliers that pour toxic chemicals into China's rivers UK student Richard ODwyer, operator of TVShack.net, is facing extradition proceedings to US. His mother asks that people help Richard so that he can face justice at home CIA's Fake Vaccination Drive Angers Public Health World Egypt to sack 700 police over killing of protesters Nearly half of Swazi women in their 20s and Swazi men in their 30s are HIV positive. Nearly half. UN torture official accuses US of rule violations  A bank in Ireland has been banned from paying bonuses, except where permitted by the Government or following a court order, for two years as a condition of the latest State bailout.  Full ManningLamo Chat Logs Released Mumbai rocked by three bomb blasts  at least 10 dead, 100 reported injured Radioactive meat circulating on Japanese market The meat, delivered late last month, has made its way to consumers and most likely has been ingested, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government said Three bomb blasts have been reported in Mumbai in the crowded Dadar, Opera House and Zaveri Bazar areas;  at least 15 injured Most Irish drink harmfully and more than anyone else in Europe  Most Irish people drink in a harmful manner and our per capita consumption of alcohol is among the highest in Europe, a new report from the HRB reveals today.  Egypt to sack 700 police over killing of protesters Almost 700 senior police officers in Egypt are being removed from their jobs over the killing of protesters during the revolution earlier this year. 
      Israeli PM agrees to renew peace talks based on 1967 lines
     Riots in Northern Irelandin pictures  Japan intends to send its whaling fleet back to the Antarctic this year, a senior official has said Greece suffered another sovereign downgrade on Wednesday, when the Fitch agency slashed its credit worthiness by three notches further into junk status and only one grade above default. Who is more powerful  Murdoch or Parliament?  James Murdoch Could Be Prosecuted In PhoneHacking Scandal  News Corp Succession Plan Suddenly In Doubt Murdoch's Watergate?  
Too many of us have winked in amusement at the salaciousness without considering the larger corruption of journalism and politics on both sides of the Atlantic. Powerful critique of Murdoch empire with a sting in the tail Before South Sudan was even officially recognized as a country, it became host to one of the continent's largest land deals  a 49year lease of 600,000 hectares of land to USbased firm NTD. For around $25,000, NTD has full rights to exploit all natural resources in the land during this period. Over more than three decades, no one dared question the perversion of politics by and for Rupert Murdoch Strong earthquake rocks northeastern Japan, Tsunami warnings for the coast happening now British leader of the opposition who called for Rebekah Brookes to be sacked was threatened by News International You have made it personal about Rebekah, so we'll make it personal about you. A 13 year old boy in India jumps the fence into Army quarters to pluck almonds. An annoyed retired army officer shoots and kills him Romanera shipwreck reveals ancient medical secrets A firstaid kit found on a 2,000yearold shipwreck has provided a remarkable insight into the medicines concocted by ancient physicians to cure sailors of dysentery and other ailments Taiwan to bar fishermen from killing sharks for fins Portugal Celebrates 10 Year Anniversary of Decriminalizing Drugs The closing of UK tabloid The News of the World was in the works for at least four months and was as much an effort to shed jobs to save money and to shift resources to broadcasting as it was a response to the outcry over the phone hacking scandal Los Zetas Kingpin We Bought Guns Directly From U.S. Government Celebrating 100 years since Machu Picchu's Rediscovery  Wonderul collection of photographs taken at the ruins of Machu Pichu taken in July 1911. Other explorers had visited before but American Hiram Bingham was first person to reveal the 'lost city of the Incas' to the world Middle classes are Britain's new homeless State safety nets are gone  Life is a precious gift. We are born to live, and we can only live in love. The Troubadour de Las Pampas, Facundo Cabral, has been assasinated. Protest singer Ibrahim Kashoush had his throat cut by the Syrian  Mukhabarat (Warning Gruesome Images) Australia plans to impose carbon tax on their worst polluters Malaysian Protests in Pictures. This really needs more attention. European cities make car use expensive and just plain miserable enough to tilt drivers toward more environmentally friendly modes of transportation Vigilantes Attack Speed Cameras in Australia, France, UK Syria's 'secret doctors' risk their own lives to treat injured civilians at secret clinics. Australia to introduce carbon tax ($25 for every metric tonne) on country's 500 largest polluters, as it unveils largest such scheme outside Europe Over more than three decades, no one dared question 
the perversion of politics by and for Rupert Murdoch South Korea's pupils going paperless by 2015  

Education ministry to spend $2 billion digitising all textbooks BBC News  News of the World What was it like on the inside? The NoW was different. Journalists were both feared and loathed.  US suspends Pakistan military aid, withholding $800m as diplomatic relations reach a standstill ISPs, academics, and citizens oppose EU antipiracy legislation It threatens basic human rights while stifling innovation Anonymous warns UK Met Police Tuesday will be the biggest day in Anonymous's history amid allegations of corruption and hacking Huge demand for fish empties British waters in just 6 months  
Britain's coastal waters are so overfished that they can supply the nation's chip shops, restaurants & kitchens for little more than 6 months of every year A married couple from Pakistan have filed a lawsuit against American Airlines, alleging that, after their plane was diverted following a fake hijacking threat, they were singled out and escorted from the plane in handcuffs for no reason other than their names. Shareholders sue News Corp. over British hacking scandal. The lawsuit accuses News Corp. of largescale governance failures. Protesters in cities throughout Egypt threaten to bring the country to a standstill Two Chinese miners found alive after a week underground  News International papers targeted Gordon Brown  Anonymous leaks 90,000 mililtary emails. Some of which contain maps of where burried treasures are located on government land Israeli government c'tee approves bill outlawing boycotts on Israel The bill makes publicly calling for a boycott that could harm Israel economically, culturally or academically a civil violation. News Corp. begins to turn against Rupert Murdoch Mexican Army Frees Kidnap Victims  
20 people held for ransom in a tiny shack in Monterrey  freed by soldiers Nick Clegg calls for Murdoch to drop BSkyB deal  Canada is withdrawing from a UN nuclear disarmament conference in protest of North Korea's presidency of the body, the Canadian foreign minister has said.  CIA organised fake vaccinations to obtain Osama bin Laden's family DNA | World news | The Guardian  Revelations that hundreds of US Customs and Border Patrol agents may be involved in systemic corruption by taking bribes from Mexican drug cartels are straining relationships on the border  Phone Hacking Scandal Widens News International Targeted Gordon Brown, BSkyB Bid Delayed  Many Murdoch Properties Implicated in Crimes. Police Officer sold royal family contact details to NOTW 101 missing after boat sinks in Russia  The Boston Globe Former British PM Gordon Brown to announce he was a victim of phone hacking Assad loyalists storm US and French embassies in Damascus  Large crowds break into US Embassy while French guards manage to hold off attack using live fire; Washington to summon Syrian diplomat over slow response, says Syria failed to protect US diplomats. BBC News  Cyprus Eight dead in blast near Zygi naval base The contagion that has forced Greece, Ireland and Portugal to seek bailouts from the rest of Europe now is threatening Italy, as investors demand everhigher interest rates on Italian government bonds. World's Biggest Sleaze Mogul Also Getting Rich from Christian Moralizers In addition to being a phonehacking Darth Vader, Rupert Murdoch is also one of the leading religion publishers in the world.  The United Nations recently declared that disconnecting people from the Internet is a violation of human rights. The scale of private links between David Cameron and News International exposed for the first time The Prime Minister met Murdoch's executives on no fewer than 26 occasions in just over a year since he entered Downing Street 
Head of Brazil's Environmental Protection Agency Says it's Not His Job to Protect the Environment   Suggests indigenous tribes standing in the way of progress should be dealt with harshly Israeli army kills Palestinian college student A revolutionary artist. How the British burnt his shocking images from the 1943 Bengal Famine. And how we can finally see them today.  Japanese Crane Manufacturer Cuts Ties With Iran following reports that its cranes have been used to stage public executions in Iran Eavesdropping scandal UK govt defends Murdoch 
ties, as Foreign Secretary Hague admits there is 
something wrong here The bodyguard who assassinated President Hamid Karzai's brother had been working closely with US Special Forces and the CIA before he was recruited by the Taliban ... Women Tolerate Beatings for Life Changing Mobile Phones Our Man In Damascus  
Assessment of Robert Ford US ambassador to Syria There's no evidence that the Syrian government is willing to reform at the speed demanded by the street protesters. If it doesnt start moving with far greater alacrity, the street will wash them away Brazil is building nuclear attack submarines that promise to dramatically alter the balance of power off the South American coast Spanish Bishops go on a land grab.It turns out that bishops can issue ownership certificates just as though they were government workers. Tentacles of phonehacking scandal grow tighter around UK PM Cameron. Largest protests so far in Syria sees a million protest, opposition groups will meet to draw a roadmap.  TEPCO denies nuke crisis compensation to kindergartens, nursing homes and clinics Resignations heap pressure on James Murdoch India's Tata group to launch 'world's cheapest homes' Thirtyone of the Chilean miners who endured 69 days trapped underground sue the government for  $540,000 in compensation each Canada mulls ways to fund Libyan rebels with frozen Gadhafi assets  British government, police under pressure over 
Murdoch links Somalia crisis one of 'largest in decades'  Dow Jones CEO resigns amid phonehacking scandal
 Quadriga withdraws award for Putin  Berlinbased Werkstatt Deutschland on Saturday reversed its decision to award Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin the prestigious Quadriga prize due to massive criticism. Burmese Daze Making Sense Of Myanmars Mess 60 tied to Zetas escape prison in Nuevo Laredo Rebekah Brooks has been arrested over the UK newspaper phone hacking scandal The rape of men New body blows for Rupert Murdoch Scotland Yard officer says that News Int execs  including Mr Murdochs son James  are being investigated for any alleged role in covering up the extent of industrial scale phone hacking N.Korea prison escapee Kim Hyesook on her life in prison 'I saw prisoners turned to honeycomb by the bullets' Britain's most senior police chief resigns over phone hacking scandal.  Elisa, one of Finland's largest ISPs, refuses to block The Pirate Bay even though they are being sued by the government and music copyright lobbyists; the basic censorship strategy is flawed and successfully blocking The Pirate Bay would prove technically difficult Scotland Yard and News International became so intertwined that they wound up sharing the goal of containing the [hacking] investigation. Starvation in Africa Desperate women bind their stomachs to deaden hunger pains, eating next to nothing so children can be fed. China's Ghost Cities and Malls China's hypergrowth fueled by building giant cities no one lives in Why My Father Hated India. Calling out the Vatican Irish report says Catholic Church has not helped stop sex abuse. Britain's metropolitan police chief has resigned over phone hacking scandal Meet the Indonesian workers who make your Nikes at $0.50 hourly wages In 2001, Nike pledged some reforms following revelation its developing world workers were children. But a new AP investigation finds that poor labor conditions still persist in many Nike factories Phonehacking scandal is an utter PR disaster for 
the Murdochs Italy's crusade against BitTorrent sites has reached unprecedented level  censors proxy that bypasses BTjunkie and Pirate Bay Block  BBC News  Miliband calls for News International's power to be limited Tunisia's draft constitution may ban ties with Israel News Corp. shareholder woes deepen The Serious Fraud Office have launched a preliminary inquiry into allegations News International paid corrupt police officers Wealthy Britons prepare to flee. More than half of the UK's millionaires have fled or are thinking of fleeing the country's economic storm clouds  Scotland Yard Commissioner resigns. Britain's most senior police officer sensationally resigned tonight over revelations surrounding the phone hacking scandal.  Obama holds talks with Dalai Lama despite China protest Iraq's Arab Spring the forgotten frontier  The country, largely ignored by the international media, is about to agree to longterm American occupationlite Egypt's iconic antiquities chief, Zahi Hawass, fired A spate of exceptionally brutal rapes in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh has shocked India. Many of the victims were young girls.  Kim Jongil blames deer musk for women's soccer failure Colombian army colonel admits his unit murdered 57 civilians, then dressed them in uniforms and claimed they were rebels killed in combat. Workers making Converse sneakers in Indonesia say supervisors throw shoes at them, slap them in the face and call them dogs and pigs. Nike, the brand's owner, admits that such abuse has occurred among the contractors that make its hip hightops but says there was little it could do to stop it. Murdochs Ordered to Testify or Be in Contempt  Bloomberg They [The Murdochs] had no option but to drop the bid. But now the real issue is how to avoid further humiliation. They are in retreat with no real business in the UK anymore, just a set of disintegrating assets. Israelis and Palestinians to march in Jerusalem in support of Palestinian independence.  The first joint JewishArab march in 20 years. Coke and KFC to go into N. Korea Company ends contracts with Iran after cranes used in public hangings An EyeOpening Adventure in Socialized Medicine  
American visitor to London wakes up in middle of night with burning eyes. Needs prompt medical attention. Negotiates US health insurance firm, British NHS. Nice lighttouch narrative with a few political barbs  Rupert Murdoch being undone by oldfashioned journalism Rupert Murdoch refuses to stand before Parliament Select 
Committee despite summons. Uprising in Belarus Internet Generation Takes on Europe's Last Dictator Japanese PM We will aim to become a society which can exist without nuclear power. CIA's fake vaccination programme criticised by Mdecins Sans Frontires The True Cost of Being Gay in Beijing Republic of South Sudan gains UN membership General Assembly vote, by acclamation, makes country 193rd member of the United Nations. Rebekah Brooks to face questioning by MPs; Rupert and James Murdoch summonsed 42% of Britons will get cancer, statistics show. Riots erupt in Northern Ireland  Turkey arrests 15 al Qaeda suspects in Ankara, Yalova, and Bursa; were planning attacks on US targets in the country World Population to hit 7 BILLION by October Hungary is set to impose the world's most comprehensive junkfood tax, which the government hopes will improve eating habits while helping to rebalance its healthcare budget. Seven Estonians have been freed in Lebanon, after being kidnapped nearly four months ago. After just six months, 2011 has already been the costliest year of natural disasters ever Murdochs Now Say They Will Appear Before Parliament Christopher Hitchens It took another dog to eat Murdochs dog Wikileaks New Zealand's Three Strikes Law was Pushed, Bought and Paid for by the US George Clooney's Satellites Capture Piles of Bodies, Mass Graves in Sudan UK Cyclists use viral video to track down alleged attacker. Six weeks later, the police had failed to make an arrest despite having clear photographs of the assailant and the numberplate. News International have just confirmed that Rebekah Brooks has resigned CBC provides an interactive list of Rupert Murdoch's holdings Indonesian maid spared from beheading in Saudi Arabia, only because her government paid blood money for her life Dow Jones CEO Les Hinton resigns amid News Corp 
phone hack scandal Murdochs Are Next Target as Brooks Steps Down OSCE, the worlds largest securityoriented intergovernmental organization, issued report that explicitly states that a three strikes law is a disproportionate response to dealing with copyright infringement Activist takes Germany to court over nuclear warheads  A Cologne court has begun hearing the case of an activist intent on having Germany remove US nuclear warheads being stored at a military base located in western Germany. Syrians mount biggest protests so far, 12 killed

 The Bacon Uprising   How China's demand for cheap pork is devastating Brazil's rainforest Prowhaling Japan, Iceland, & a number of Caribbean & African nations walk out of meeting in protest of a proposed whale sanctuary in the South Atlantic

 News Corp faces storm clouds ahead; could Fox News be finished? China will eventually surpass the United States as the world's premier superpower, if it hasn't already, according to the latest survey by the Pew Global Attitudes Project `N. Korea purges 30 officials involved in interKorean talks  Bethlehem's taps run dry as West Bank Israelis continue to fill their swimming pool  The National Gaddaffi's regime officially not recognized by more than 30 states. Silvio Berlusconi may have screwed Europe  not just Italy EU now wants to ban ratings agencies from warning that countries may be in financial trouble
 Iraq to execute Saddam's halfbrothers within a month Hadopi, French copyright cops we're swamped with three strikes complaints As thousands of Syrians flood streets in antigov't rallies across country, security forces open fire; 14 killed BP Unveils Drilling Rules Tougher Than US Regulations The Mexican army says it has discovered a huge field with mature marijuana in the northern state of Baja California. David Cameron's meetings with Rupert Murdoch's executives in a year exceed those with all other news organisations put together. Not a single figure from the BBC was granted an audience. News Corp shares hit twoyear low on hacking arrest Top Chinese gymnast found begging on the street . Rupert Murdoch is considering stepping down as CEO of News Corp Video of explosion of soviet arms depot in Abadan One man has been scouring the coast of Japan on foot with nothing but a chainsaw, a shovel and three photographs for hours everyday for the last 5 months in the hopes of finding his missing wife and daughter. LulzSec hacks the site of Murdoch's other tabloid paper 'The Sun' and reports on his death Zahi Hawass to no longer appear in every single TV special on Egypt British Police Commissioner resigns due to phone hacking. Takes 
swipe at Prime Minister David Cameron in resignation speech I'll 
take responsibility what about you? Australia govt steps up rhetoric over Murdoch papers Climate sceptic Lord Monckton told he's not member of House of Lords  
Clerk of parliaments publishes letter on Lords' site saying peer is not and has 'never been a member of the House of Lords'  Police examine bag found in bin near Rebekah Brooks's home  Israel rapped for jailing palestinian kids as young as 12 Sex in mosque riles angry mob Villagers swarm mosque after teen couple discovered undressed in bathroom A senior adviser to Afghan President Hamid Karzai was shot and killed in his home in Kabul yesterday, less than a week after the assassination of Karzais half brother.  Sean Hoare, the whistleblower reporter who alleged widespread hacking at the News of the World, has been found dead Police gun down rioters in China's Xinjiang, at least 4 dead London's top counterterrorism official resigns, the latest high profile perpetrator of the phonehacking scandal  Senior London police officer John Yates resigns in U.K. phone hacking inquiry Syrian Forces Mass Near Town Where Many Soldiers Have Defected Territorial rights and the Internet This Painting is Not Available in Your Country Sun website hacked by LulzSec Palestinians planning 'massive' diplomatic push for state recognition WATCH Unbelievable Footage Of The Arms Depot Explosion Turkmenistan Tried To Cover Up Thousands rally in Morocco over reform plan Both backers and critics of reforms have held protests across the Kingdom after its recent referendum. Rebekah Brooks' husband 'accidentally' has computer thrown out China Executes Corrupt Officials for Taking Bribes 
 Nearly One Quarter Of Met Police Press Officers Worked For News International, Police Chief Says The first (named) reporter to blow whistle on News of the World executives being aware of phone hacking has been found dead. His death is currently being treated as unexplained, but not thought to be suspicious LIVE NOW  Phone Hacking  BBC news coverage Why India Can't Feed Her People  
Production of food per head is shrinking. And much of what is grown is lost or wasted. Main culprits are primitive farming methods and poor distribution infrastructure. India wastes more grain each year than Australia produces 'Someone's coming to get me' Terrified phonehacking whistleblower feared for his life before he was found dead.
 Former Fox News Producer Claims The Network's Brain Room Led To Hacking Reuters did a special report on Murdoch's handson supervision of his papers  Giant Oil Spill Reaches Chinese Coast  It's polluted about 4,250 sq kilometres (1,650 square miles) NZ 'three strikes' copyright bill comes into effect 1st Sep 2011 A NZ$25 charge has been set, which rights holders will have to pay if they want an ISP to deal with an infringing user. But AFACT want ISPs to pay the copyright costs Syria forces fire on funeral procession; 10 die
 German Economics Minister Philipp Rsler, who was adopted into a German family from Vietnam at a young age, insists that he never had problems because of his background. He speaks about integration, discrimination and what it means to be German. Egyptian state television has begun broadcasting live coverage of the corruption trials of officials who served under President Hosni Mubarak. Taliban execute 13 Pakistani police officers India 'Massive' uranium find in Andhra Pradesh [BBC] Murdochs hearing A day of high drama and 
farce Murdochs to face phonehacking grilling. News Corporation chief and son to answer questions in British parliament as scandal intensifies. Murdoch may lose grip on News Corp Libyan rebels pushed back from Brega Rebels tackle host of land mines outside Brega after coming under fire from Gaddafi forces. Italy PM Berlusconi placed under formal investigation on suspicion of pressuring state TV to shut news talk show Iranian animal lovers are ignoring a fatwa on dog ownership and frequenting popular websites like Woof Woof Iran Digital Pets and Persianpet to pick their favorite canine, study dog grooming or swap pet tales Top British police going up before Parliament  live transcripts Israeli navy intercepted a Frenchflagged flotilla headed for Gaza
 More UK Police Complicity Revealed CPS drops charges against 109 UK Uncut activists I don't know about you, but I can't trust Reddit to be my aggregator of political/world news. b'Iraq War Vet We Were Told to Just Shoot People, and the Officers Would Take Care of Us' The 'Full Version' of The Wikileaks Video Is Missing 30 Minutes of Footage b'bottled water  its a racket' Yemen child bride 'bleeds to death' b'U.S. woman returns adopted son to Russia by putting him on a plane with a letter reading, in part, I no longer wish to parent this child' b'Two British policemen jailed for cruelty against woman in custody' Israeli PM says he won't go to Nuclear Summit  b'Man goes to Dubai, poses as a top U.S. plastic surgeon and proceeds to perform numerous botched kitchen table cosmetic surgeries.  Now he has been arrested.  This is Dubai we're talking about.  I just wonder what part do you get cut off for this offense?' b'The copyright battle now concerns us all. Draft text confirms reports of world body to oversee copyright, intellectual property' b'Bangladesh, High Court You can not impose the veil on women' b'Bishop in the Catholic Church admits the church has an archive of abusive priests. Says he is considering sharing it with the police but reminds us that the church is above the law. Reason for not coming forward sooner? It was said under confession..' b'As democracy unravels at home, the west thuggishly exports it elsewhere' Legal fight over Plumpy'nut, the hunger wonderproduct  b'Al Qaeda threatens to attack World Cup Football finals' b'Wikileaks predicted it would be accused of editorializing for calling the Apache footage murder; take a closer look at the Orwell quote that opens the edited version; it's from an Orwell essay entitled Politics and the English Language'  tnnRatzinger 'stalled pedophile case' nAP obtains letter signed by future Pope discouraging action against priest. b'Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has cancelled a visit to the US where he was to attend a summit on nuclear security, Israeli officials say.' b'Digital Economy Bill  tell the rightsholders we'll see them in court.  Talk Talk (UK ISP)' b'After a twoyear battle that has killed more than 5,000 people, Mexico's most powerful kingpin now controls the coveted trafficking routes through Ciudad Juarez. That conclusion by U.S. intelligence adds to evidence that Joaquin El Chapo Guzman's Sinaloa cartel is winning Mexico's drug war.' Thailand's redshirt protesters occupy TV station  b'The True Inside Story of the Catastrophic Mexican Drug Wars' Kyrgyzstan a Russian revolution?  Russian prime minister Vladimir Putin moved quickly today to recognise the new powersthatbe in Kyrgyzstan while disavowing any role in the overthrow of President Kurmanbek Bakiyev's regime. b'Family found living in a filthy twostorey house with 600 free roaming rabbits, a cat and dog. Nearly all of the rabbits have been euthanized so far.' Japan's debt problem Sleepwalking toward disaster b'Crisis in Kyrgyzstan [pics]' 189 to 47. Your MPs didn't give a shit. Digital Economy Bill passed. b'Six men arrested in Israel for organ traffic IDF brigadiergeneral among them' b'Excellent overview of the Digital Economy Bill, and what it means for UK citizens. TL;DR Yep, still fucked.' UK Digital Economy Bill provokes anger at political 'stitchup' b'The Armenian Genocide and the Turks  The month of April marks the 95th anniversary of the start of the Armenian genocide. An unusual television documentary shows what motivated the murderers and why Germany, and other countries, remained silent.' b'British Army builds fake Mosques on its firing range.' Why do Finland's schools get the best results? b'Nazia Quazi, a 24year old Canadian/Indian woman with a CS degree, has been trapped against her will in Saudi Arabia by her abusive father for 2 years.' b'The opposition in Kyrgyzstan says it has dissolved parliament and taken power, after a bloody uprising forced the president to flee the capital' b'BBC Journalist thrown out of South African press conference with the words Don't come here with that white tendency, go out bastard, bloody agent. ' b'BBC News  US President Barack Obama and the Russian leader, Dmitry Medvedev, are due to sign a landmark nuclear arms treaty in the Czech capital, Prague.' b'My (former) intern and (forever) friend is in the middle of the Kyrgyzstan Crisis.  Here is his report.' b'New landslip hits Rio de Janeiro dead toll has risen to 150, dozens of people remain unaccounted for after the heaviest rains in decades' b'Airline considers fee for lavatory use ' b'Axing came out of blue, says radio psychic' b'Israel gag order lifted Israeli reporter is revealed to be accused of espionage for giving Haaretz newspaper topsecret information' b'Wikileaks Excellent interview with local witnesses made the day after the 2007 attack on civilians (forward to 1340). According to locals the man that was run over by the Bradley to the sound of chopper pilots laughing, was still alive.' b'A recent example is the US air force video, which it published, noted Hemming. Copyright exists with the US Government, who under the Bill could, and would want to, apply to ban WikiLeaks from the UK. That provision is clearly in the Bill. Welcome to Oceania.' b'1963 letter shows former pope knew of abuse' b'NATO Admits U.S. Forces Killed Innocent Pregnant Women in Afghanistan' b'Qatari Diplomat Arrested as Shoe Bomber, Causes Massive Terror Panic inflight air marshall grew suspicious and asked why the bathroom smelled of smoke, Modadi mockingly retorted that he was trying to set his shoes on fire' b'Reuters staff unhappy by Reuters coverage of killings' UK MPs Chavs 'should not get benefits' Gold Fraud Bombshell Canada's Only Bullion Bank Gold Vault Is Practically Empty...WTF?! b'The Bush administration this month is quietly cutting off birth control supplies to some of the worlds poorest women in Africa.' b'A 14 year old schoolboy posed as a female British secret service spy in an internet chatroom to persuade a 16 year old friend to try to murder him' b'Mexico Government agents killed 4 to 6 people in Chiapas, 3 of them mafia executionstyle. Residents respond by briefly capturing 77 government agents.' b'U.K. Uses AntiTerrorism Law to Seize Icelandic Bank Assets  ' b'Enraged neighbors briefly captured 77 police officers using nothing but sticks and traditional machetes.' b'Russian president Dmitry Medvedev calls on European leaders to create a new world order that minimises the role of the US' b'Sovietology, like paranoia, is a very dangerous disease, and it is a pity that part of the U.S. administration still suffers from it, Medvedev said.' b'Icelandic Regulator Takes Control of Kaupthing Bank ' b'Prior to the tyrannical theft of Palestine  via the Balfour Declaration issued to Lord Rothschild  the Middle East had been a relatively peaceful area.' b'Jews were never exiled from the Holy Land, most of todays Jews have no historical connection to Israel; the only political solution to conflict with the Palestinians is to abolish the Jewish state.' b'China milk victims may have doubled to over 90,000' b'From Germany to Guantanamo The Career of Prisoner No. 760 believed to have provided aid to the Sept. 11 attackers, and the confessions extracted from him by torture could collapse in court. ' Why Iceland's economy collapsed b'Military Justifies Attack That Killed at Least 33 Afghan Civilians (including 12 children)' Britain 'could be mining landfill for gold in a decade' b'UK uses antiterror laws against Icelandic bank' b'New World Order Global cooperation, nationalisation and state intervention  all in one day' b'Terror law used for Iceland deposits' b'German law professor who almost stopped the EU Elite wants world government ' b'Russia Pulls Out From Georgia Buffer Zones' b'U.S. report warns of crisis in Afghanistan' b'You too can stranglehold your opponents like Vladimir Putin ...' b'Blast rocks Pakistan capital At least 12 people are feared dead in a suspected car bombing at police headquarters' b' North Korea said to be deploying missiles' b'IMF World on Brink of Recession' b'Modern slavery in Dubai' b'Brazil and Argentina, two biggest economies in South America, Monday launched a new payment system of bilateral transaction with their local currencies, aimed at eliminating the U.S. dollar ' The British government's plan for teachers to monitor their pupils for signs of potential extremism only stifles debate and encourages secrecy. b'Attack on U.S. Embassy in Yemen Linked to Israeli Mossad' b'Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has started his own video blog ' China's superwealthy lose a third of their wealth over night b'Chinese Space Walk Filmed in Water' b'UK announces 50bn ($88bn) rescue plan' b'14yearold Iowa girl abandoned under Nebraska law' b'NYTimes U.S. Inquiry Is Said to Conclude 30 Civilians Died in Afghan Raid ' b' The Matrix of Death. A New Dossier on the (Im)Precision of U.S Bombing and the (Under)Valuation of an Afghan Life' b'Russia to cut military personnel to 1 mln by 2012' b'World economic crisis deepens Nikkei sinks 9%, Russian exchange was shut down after a huge decline at the open, U.K. bailing out banks' b'The assassination of Salvador Vergara Cruz, mayor of a Mexican resort town, may represent a turning point in how Mexico deals with its drug trafficking problem.' b'Why are Afghan criminal networks secretly stockpiling enough heroin to supply every junkie on the planet? And where is it?' b'The latest conflict simmering between Lebanon and Israel is all about food Lebanese businessmen accusing Israel of stealing traditional Middle Eastern dishes like hummus' b'UK banks are now part nationalised as Government injects 500 billion' English woman fights to use dead husband's sperm b'China No more Western religious music in concert halls.' b'There Will Be No Lasting Peace without the Taliban' Hindu mobs in Indian province burning and killing Christians and Muslims...why isn't this in the news? b'China reluctant to reveal tainted milk figures' b'Is CNN Biased In This Presidential Race? I have been watching and testing' Anger over BaaderMeinhof Biopic Victims' Families in Uproar over New German Terrorism Film b'A bunch of multinationals have figured out how to make their pollutionbased businesses seem like the solution to the climate crisis.' Israeli journalist held secretly under house arrest for months, Israel's Shin Bet intelligence service has banned news media from mentioning the case or identifying the reporterLET'S EXPOSE THIS b'Unbelievable ... Catholic League head Says Abuse not pedophilia because boys were postpubescent ' b'Palestinian children are so dehumanized they no longer have a will to live. ' b'Vatican Pope has immunity in sex abuse trials ' b'Newly leaked CIA report analyzes how U.S. Government can best manipulate public opinion in Germany and France to ensure that those countries continue to fight in Afghanistan. Celebrates fact that governments of those two nations continue in defiance of overwhelming public opinion' b'Writer Simon Singh wins libel appeal' b'Indian law goes into effect today making education compulsory and free for all kids 614' b'US Justice Dept sues KBR for improper costs in Iraqn' b'Vatican Shoots the Messenger ... Lashes Out At The New York Times Over Sex Abuse Coverage' b'Police officers must face trial by jury' b'To those who say moderate Muslims should take a stand against hardliners, I present Hissa Hilal, a heroic poet and finalist in an Arab Idol competition, Million's Poet.' Lebanon and Saudi Arabia are in the midst of a lowlevel diplomatic feud over a Lebanese man sentenced to die in Saudi Arabia for witchcraft. In other news, it's 2010. b'18 gunmen die in attack on two army bases in Mexico' b'Pirates fire at US Warship, US Warship pwns pirates. ' b'Letter shows Pope Paul VI knew of child abuse decades ago' b'Israel faces Year Zero Jewish moderates, Palestinians and even some rightwing settlers are increasingly talking about the unthinkable A Onestate Solution.' b'Israel has no good reason to keep the Gaza Strip closed off.' b'Sweden bans fake boobs over explosion risk  The PIP implants were outlawed by the French drug administration after a slew of reports that they had a tendency to burst due to an erroneous mixture of silicon.' b'George Soros and CIA behind WikiLeaks according to exNSA Wayne Madsen [ha!]' b'NZ to back Japanese whale hunt' India  Stop treating army men like 'beggars', SC to govt b'Rushed From Haiti, Then Jailed for Lacking Visas' b'Payback time for Mugabe and cronies as White farmers grab properties  AfriForum a civil rights group that brought the application on behalf of the farmers, seized a luxury property belonging to the Zim govt, in what they say is a significant step towards compensation for Zim farmers...' b'More Than TwoDozen Countries Complicit In US Torture Program' Saddam Hussein's shift to petroeuros was a reason the US attacked Iraq. Is this why Iran will be attacked?  b'Mexican Farm Leader Dies After Lighting Himself on Fire in Protest' b'Surveillance of Skype messages found in China ' Russia 'US economic dominance over', World needs 'more just' financial system 'Hundreds join' settler violence b'After a few cryptic reports in the European media over the Summer, the story of the two influenza biochemistry researchers who were brutally killed in London June 29, 2008 ' b'The United Nations is raising its security level in Pakistan and ordering children of international staff to leave the country.' b'Amid the chaos on Wall Street, the question looms  who wins? Increasingly, eyes are flickering towards China' b'Alternative to German bank crisis The transformation of the banks into public utilities, their democratic control by the people, and their subordination to the interests of society as a whole.' b'UK university probes Nazi initiation video ' b'The Atlas of the Real World ' b'Reserve Bank of India deputy general manager jumps to death from his office at BKC.' b'Hikers May Have Found Fossett Items ' Israel's latest crowd control weapon super stink bom b'New Bosnian biodiesel factory shows just how far Bosnia has come after ethnic cleansin' b'Freedom Not Fear 2008  Stoppt die Vorratsdatenspeicherung!' b'US approves Indian nuclear trade deal' b'Retailers Need to Realign Wall Street Reporting Practices with CrossChannel Reality' b'Even after war, many Georgians revere Stalin  International Herald Tribune' b'Putin accuses Ukraine of aiding Georgia during war' b'US Senate approves IndoUS nuclear deal, ends the threedecade ban on US nuclear trade with India ' b'Murder Capitals of the World' b' Russia to deploy new nuclear missile' b'Capturing the database state community photocall' b'Life in Zimbabwe...  a teachers monthly pay was not even enough to buy two bottles of cooking oil.' b'A Canadian Explains Why The American Election Is So Important To The Rest Of The World [incredible read]' b'Outrage at antiSemitism comparison by Pope preacher They're sitting in the papal palace, they're experiencing a little discomfort, and they're going to compare themselves to being rounded up or lined up and sent in cattle cars to Auschwitz? said Peter Isely. You cannot be serious. ' b'Catholic Church abuse hotline in Germany melts down on first day as 4,000 people phone in...' b'This is going to go down like a bomb in USA! Russia and Venezuela announce nuclear union' b'The heroin epidemic advancing on Russia' b'Iraqi artists denied entry to Britain for their own exhibition' b'New Zealand government suspends democracy until 2013' b'Vatican waited years to defrock Arizona priest There's no doubt that Ratzinger delayed the defrocking process of dangerous priests who were deemed 'satanic' by their own bishop.' S Africa farright leader Terreblanche 'killed' b'Hugo Chvez arrests critics; locks up judges who give unfavorable opinions.  ' b'UK Government drugs advisor quits over criminalisation of mephedrone. He is the 7th to resign since David Nutt was sacked.' b'Church in Ireland has lost all its credibility, says Archbishop of Canterbury' b'Muslims & Christians Take Turns at Slaughter in Nigeria' b'Even in France, which is mulling banning the burka, many see the step as a curtailment of religion. Others see it as speaking to fears of Islamic radicalism.' b'Rescuers Enter Chinese Mine Where 153 Are Trapped' b'Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Saturday warned Israel against launching a fresh assault on the Gaza Strip, saying such action would bring it closer to certain death.' b'Pakistan parliament degrades presidential powers, strengthening its democracy' b'The Niqab(Burka) Obsession ' b'Israel arrests soldier and gags media in militant assassination coverup ' b'Chinese malefemale disparity? No problem... Just go to Vietnam! (Chinadaily)' b'In postGoogle China, censorship is unfazed' b'Instead of facing trial, war criminal lives like king' b'Mugabe and Tsvangirai reject rights for gay people in new Zimbabwe Charter. Mugabe says gays worse than cats and dogs, and it seems as if Tsvangirai tacitly agrees.' b'Japanese district mayor in Tokyo, goes on paternity leave  the first local government leader ever to do so! ' Did Hezbollah Kill Hariri? | A new tribunal is digging up old secrets about the Lebanese prime minister's assassination. And no one is likely to be happy with the results. b'WaPo Wants Immunity for War Crimes  Attacking another country... is the most serious crime on the books. If, as all serious studies suggest, over a million people have been killed by the invasion and occupation of Iraq, then there have been over a million murders.' b'In inaugural Easter message, new Catholic bishop blames atheism for Nazism, Stalinism, PolPottery, mass murder and broken relationships.' b'Germans have to notify the government when they renounce their religion... the number of Catholics leaving the church in Munich has tripled.' b'Vatican Says Sex Abuse in Catholic Church was Homosexual Problem, not Pedophilia.  Stop ... Does That Mean that Sexual Abuse of Young GIRLS is Okay??' b'A very beautiful and majestic village in iran + 14 pics' b'Great news, everyone! The Vatican draws parallels between Jewish persecution and criticism received over the ongoing pedophilialaced scandal.' Only known printed copy of Haiti's Declaration of Independence in 200 years discovered by Duke University graduate student in London b'UK Drugs Adviser resigns over mephedrone' b'Israeli planes carry out several attacks on Gaza (Friday, 1 April) ' US spends $6 billion to train police in Afghan  they sell bullets to the Taliban  it's a giant freaking freeforall with our money b'Mexico drug gangs turn weapons on army' b'Israel threatens new Gaza offensive' The 'young sun paradox' proposed by Carl Sagan and George Mullen in 1972  the Earth had liquid oceans for its first billion years even though the sun was only 70 percent as bright as it is now. b'The Little Nukes That Got Away  From a portable tripod launcher, it could be fired at the enemy as close as 1,000 feet or up to 13,000 feet away. The Davy Crockett was a weapon for nuclear war at close range.' b'Holy Week around the world, 2010 [pics]' b'Thirteen Israeli air strikes hit Gaza Strip ' b'Agent Orange and Vietnam's Forgotten Victims The American airplanes came right toward me and dropped a mist in the jungle, and the next day, the trees were dead.' b'Land activist killed in Brazilian Amazon ' b'ACLU publishes volumes of data on civilian casualties in Iraq, Afghanistan' b'CIA given details of British Muslim students' b'Man sentenced to death for being sorcerer will not be beheaded this week.' Life in 'Tin Can Town' for the South Africans worse than Apartheid b'In Zimbabwe police seize pictures of human rights abuses instead of arresting the perpetrators of atrocities.' Afghanistan, already world's largest producer of opium, overtakes Mexico in production of hashish..  b'Yes, because calling out pedophile priests and their protectors is just like antiSemitism...' b'Sea Shepard member indicted in Tokyo for illegally boarding, could spend up to 15 years in prison or pay $5,000 for antiwhaling activities ' b'Wikileaks has released the announced video showing the deaths of Iraqi civilians and two Reuters journalists.' b'6.9 Earthquake just hit in Mexico' b'WikiLeaks is planning to release video of an Afghan massacre and the subsequent coverup this morning at 900 AM at the National Press Club. Will they make it?' b'Collateral Murder  Wikileaks video showing coverup of murder of civilians and journalists through US forces in Iraq' Finally!! The BBC covers the posting of the wikileaks 'killing' video. b'Great Barrier Reef rammed by Chinese coal ship' b'With the release of the Wikileaks video, the frontpage of CNN has Tiger Woods and the frontpage of AlJazeera English has the Wikileaks video.' b'not a single case where we have...hurt someone has it turned out that the vehicle had a suicide bomb or weapons in it and, in many cases, had families in it... We've shot an amazing number of people and killed a number and, to my knowledge, none has proven to have been a real threat to the force.' b'U.S. Admits Role in Killing of Afghan Women  NYTimes.com' b'Nato kills women in Afghanistan; denies when asked about it; finally admits to it when overwhelmed with evidence' b'Israeli Settlers Attack Palestinian Resident, Throw Acid At Him' b'If you cant access youtube right now. Here is the transcript of the wikileaks video.' b'The 2 main UK political parties, who are for the Digital Economy Bill, have broken their own rules.' b'So far Al Jazeera is the only news network to pick up the  Collateral Murder story. It will be interesting to see if this becomes a watershed or a whisper.' b'MSNBC Panel discusses Wikileaks' Collateral Murder Videomore videos to be released.' b'Photo Essay photographer enters North Korea by posing as a businessman looking to open a chocolate factory. ' Wikileaks releases video of journalist's murder b'Missing link between man and apes found' b'China rescues 114 from flooded mine' Satellite timelapse photography captures today's earthquake kicking up plumes of dust in Mexico. BBC News  WikiLeaks posts 'killing' video b'Secret tape reveals Tory backing for ban on gays' b'Wikileaks video shows helicopter footage in iraq of civilians and reporters being identified as hostiles and gunned down. Scary shit' b'South Africas ruling party ANC is planning Zimbabwestyle land invasions of white farmers after the FIFA 2010 World Cup' US special forces 'tried to coverup' botched Khataba raid in Afghanistan b'Legal immunity cannot hold. The Vatican should feel the full weight of international law' b'When scandal hits Israel, the Israeli government muzzles the entire press Iranstyle.  A reporter is jailed and Israeli press risks being shut down simply for reporting on the story.  The IDF chose to disobey a court order and Israeli law by killing instead of arresting a Palestinian. ' b'Pure Racism A group of Swedes who were on their way to Israel for a field trip with a peace initiative was stopped at the airport in Tel Aviv on Friday.3 persons with Palestinian background was interrogated for 8 hours before they were rejected  but the 4 with jewish background were admitted.' b'India buys $7B in Arms from Russia' b'Japan Indicts AntiWhaling Activist' b'S. African white supremecist Afrikaans Resistance Movement leader bludgeoned and hacked to death while taking a nap... by his own employees.' b'A top member of a South African white supremacist group said Sunday that the slaying of their leader was a declaration of war by blacks against whites, as the president appealed for calm amid growing racial tensions in the once whiteled country.' b'Catholic Cardinal the Roman Catholic faithful will not be swayed by petty gossip about child sexabuse allegations.' North Korea's Kim may have entered China report  b'In a gesture of goodwill to UN SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon, Defense Minister Ehud Barak has approved the rare transfer of large amounts of cement, shoes and clothing to the Gaza Strip' Pope's Immunity from Prosecution May Be Challenged Hamid Karzai 'If you and the international community pressure me more, I swear that I am going to join the Taliban' Rise of Hungary's farRight Jobbik party stirs disturbing echoes of the 1940s b'Wall of water could engulf ShangriLa' b'Death penalty decreasing worldwide' Now that India's children have a right to receive at least eight years of education, the gnawing question is whether it will remain on paper or become a reality. b'Muslims disrupt Antwerp speech by Flemish/Dutch writer Benno Barnard' b'Three explosions reported in Baghdad' b'senior cardinal has said the Roman Catholic faithful will not be swayed by petty gossip about child sexabuse allegations' b'A Dubai appeals court  on Sunday upheld a onemonth prison sentence for a British couple convicted of kissing in a restaurant.' b'Public editor rebukes International Herald Tribune for agreeing to restrain news coverage of Lee family, paying damages for a single glancing reference. Suggests pulling out of Singapore' b'At least 30 killed as triple car bomb hits Baghdad' b'Can the Pope be forced to step down? ' b'The iPad Gets Jailbreaked In Less Then 24 hours.' b'Crucifix banned at hospital where Muslims allowed to wear headscarves' Kyrgyz Protests against high gas prices and overall government corruption, I'm in Bishkek now...just ran home to escape gun fire... b'7.8 earthquake hits Indonesia  Tsunami warnings issued' Military says they can't find its copy of the video of journalists getting killed yet another reason why we all need wikileaks Thrill of the chaste The truth about Gandhi's sex life b'Just got a chance to watch the unedited wikileaks video.  Why are the pedestrians that get killed with the missiles not getting more attention?' b'N.Y. Times, Weekly Standard join in a falsehood   WikiLeaks failed to release the full video and  instead selectively edited it' b'For the past 15 years, Israel has been channeling hundreds of millions of shekels it had collected in the West Bank into its state coffers when it was supposed to go to the Palestinians.' I'll stop Google taking our news for nothing, says defiant Miserable Old Git b'Palestinians Try a Less Violent Path to Resistance  Nonviolent protests in the Palestinian areas' b'17 dead in Kyrgyzstan antgovernment protests.' b'Egypt riot police break up prodemocracy rally' b'Over 70% of Israelis support a 2state solution living side by side with the Palestinians in peace.  And a lot of other interesting statistics too.' b'Catholic Church child abuse scandal continues to grow, bishop in Norway admits abuse after being exposed in media' b'Lawsuit Chiquita Brands funded death squads in Colombia' When are you people going to get it!? The United States is protecting the Opium fields in the middle east. This isn't a war against terror  it's a war for money. British redditors, the Digital Economy Bill has passed its second reading, and awaits its final reading tonight. Does this mean we're fucked? b'Turkish PM Israel is the main threat to Mideast peace' Disturbing video of extreme aggression in the Brussels subway. The 22yearold victim's neck is broken and he is now in a coma. b'Rio de Janeiro flooding death toll surpasses 100 ' Russia's 'Black Widows' Terrorism or Family Revenge? b'Would this ever happen in America? Two British marines discharged after hitting Afghan prisoner with a rubber boot.' b'Report Shit hitting fan in Kyrgyzstan.' b'Israeli general arrested running organtrafficking ring.' b'Kageyama Asako Marines Go Home AntiBase Activism in Okinawa, Japan and Korea' b'North Korea sentences US citizen, who entered country illegally through China, to 8 years of prison and a fine of $700,000.' Shouldn't we be more outraged about how we were lied to, and about how Wikileaks was almost silenced before they published this video? b'MSNBC Blocking Searches for Wikileaks' b'Wikileaks founder on MSNBC We have more tapes, including killing of 97 civilians in Afghanistan, will release soon' Hi Reddit, I don't know how to get upvoted, but I leave you a few pictures of the 7.2 earthquake in my hometown city of Mexicali, Baja California b'The family of the murdered Reuters photographer video burst into tears last night as they saw the leaked video for the first time.' b'An independent, expert assessment of the Wikileaks footage by veteran Anthony Martinez The point at which I cannot support the actions of Crazyhorse 18, at all, comes when the van arrives somewhere around 945 and is engaged.' b'I believe youve killed the church, Holy Father  Only a morally bankrupt Pope could call news of his role in a child abuse coverup petty gossip.' b'Magnitude 7.8 quake shakes Indonesia' b'Greenwald Iraq slaughter not an aberration' b'On Thursday the World Bank votes on whether to grant  a South African state owned utility a $3.75bn loan, a large chunk of which is used to finance contracts with a company which is a front for the ruling ANC party.  Please help expose this corruption so that the World Bank makes the right decision.' b'70 killed as Maoists ambush Indian CRPF team  The Times of India' b'Democracy Now In depth coverage of Wikileaks Video' b'North Korean Red Star operating system details emerge' b'Wayne Leary Hero Father saves 10year old daughter by pushing her away from a speeding car and dies instead' b'Nigerian police fail at irony, kill protestors against  cop brutality' b'this really confirms what weve said all along that a transparent investigation of this incident hasnt taken place and needs to  Iraqis respond to Collateral Murder' b'It took a couple of days for a reporter to find someone in El Paso to escort her to Jurez, Mexico, where drugrelated crime has been raging recently. When she finally did, this is what she saw.' b'Map made by Reuters of the events leading up to the Collateral Murder video' b'At least 72 Indian soldiers killed in Maoist ambushes' b'The sex abuse scandal facing Catholics looks a lot like the Watergate. Is the Catholic Church on a similar pathway to the resignation of a pope?' b'Gordon Brown calls 6 May general election' Canadian researchers have uncovered a vast 'shadow network' of online espionage based in China  that used seemingly harmless means such as email and Twitter to extract highly sensitive data from computers around the world.    Weird World Of Waziristan  nRambling but always interesting account of social change in Afghanistan, especially 1920s modernisation under King Amanullah. Historic embedded video includes Mullah Omar with prophet's cloakn b'US fight Taliban with heavy metal music' b'Mother of children wounded in Apache attack that killed their father had to sell her home, this video shows she and her children' b'I fell in love with a female assassin...' b'The Lie We Love Healthy babies adopted from the developing world are usually not orphans at all.' b'European court ruling  the DNA of innocents may not be kept on file' b'Benazir Bhutto Bin Laden was Murdered (she was killed a little over a month after saying this)' b'Jewish settlers turn TERRORIST. Rampage/Riots after forced removal from illegally occupied home.' b'The only surviving suspect in the deadly attacks on Mumbai told investigators that he shot a small boy and, because he was crying, He shot him again, and killed him, to shut him up.' There Goes the Conservative's Argument... Bloc part of secret coalition plot in 2000 with Canadian Alliance b'I know there is a God because in Rwanda I shook hands with the devil.' b'Niggers don't expel Jews! This isn't what we brought you to Israel for! are just some of the degrading slurs Border Guard officers reported hearing from masked settlers' Berlusconi plans to use G8 presidency to 'regulate the internet' b'Those pirates who attacked a cruise liner  were actually fishermen' b'Venezuelans occupy car parts plant too many people are waiting for president Chvez to solve their problems... the people have to push the revolution forward' Pakistani TV 'Hindu Zionists' and Mossad Behind Mumbai Massacre b'Zimbabwe Civilisation in reverse' b'Canadian Prime Minister has Suspended Parliament to Stop a No Confidence Vote ... Abuse of Power Much??' If You Think the NeoCon Warmongers are Gone You're Wrong. They Are Waiting to Attack Iran  b'Calling all Pakistanis  Article by Thomas L. Friedman NYT' b'Neocon coup in Canada. Harper to suspend Parliament to forestall ouster by majority opposition bloc.' b'  FBI Seized Gold and Silver Coins from the Office of Liberty Dollar  ' b'Mumbai Gunman Promised Cash for Family' b'Saudi to help Israel bomb Iran' b'The lineage of the terrorists who attacked Bombay is better traced to those vicious acts of 20th and 21st century terror which feature self styled protagonists of all the faiths and ideologies...' b'Hebron settlers evicted by force' Mumbai gunmen took coke? Plausible. Mumbai gunmen injected LSD? I'd say this reporter has never taken acid. b'Russia to Send Warship Through Panama Canal (flexing muscles?)' UK Man Caught With Just Over 2lbs Of Marijuana. Sentenced To Writing 5000 Word Essay. Full war declaration statement from DPRK South Korea Warns North of Punishment Should War Declaration Go Beyond Words South Korea's Ministry of National Defense has issued a statement calling on Pyongyang to stop making what it calls unacceptable threats. French President announces 75% tax on companies for salaries above 1m North Korea says it enters war against South Korea North Korea assures Chinese Tourists that there will be no war. North Korea declaring war resulted from a translation error French workers hold company heads captive after theyre fired without pay Amsterdam to fly rainbow flag for Russian President Putins visit to the capital (xpost r/europe) No, North Korea cant hit Hawaii NATO air strike kills two children, nine suspected Taliban in Afghanistan Rivers of Blood Pigs Still Rotting in China's Water Supply  Shanghai's drinking water under threat with 16,000 diseased pig corpses in river. A woman recalls playing in it as a kid. Now it's inky black with slick lime green algae & smells like a blocked drain. A dead piglet bobs at her feet. Texans mock Kim Jong Uns apparent plan to strike Austin Stunning Historic Shipwrecks Emerge from Stockholm HarborLow levels reveal hulls of 2, likely 17thcentury Danish warships. I saw immediately that it was a shipwreck. You could clearly see the bow & stern. He spotted them while walking with his girlfriend. Samples are being testing. North Korea has almost no pollution, largely due to its stagnant economy Mass muggings of Chinese tourists in Paris spark fears of decline in visitors Camera catches Vancouver policeman punching handcuffed cyclist, politely explaining why he did it U.S. defense officials North Korean threats are bellicose rhetoric Guantanamo Guards Denying Water to Hunger Strikers to Thwart Protest, say Lawyers Julian Assange's WikiLeaks Party opens for membership in Australia North Korea enters 'state of war' with South Korea China and Russia conduct 'surprise' military exercises Hacktivists Anonymous_Korea claim taking down N.Korean govt's websites Egypt's government issues arrest warrant for TV satirist Canada is the only country to pull out of the UN convention to combat desertification