 Mafia Runs 90% of Illegal Tropics Logging  Illegal logging is driving the lion's share of deforestation in the world's rain forests, & organized crime is to blame for almost all of it. That's the grim conclusion of a new U.N. report. Greece's farright Golden Dawn party is increasingly assuming the role of law enforcement officers on the streets of the bankrupt country, with mounting evidence that Athenians are being openly directed by police to seek help from the neoNazi group. Police rape woman in Tunisia, then charge her with indecency Chinese Company Sues Obama Over Wind Farm Project   A company blocked from building wind farms near a US navy test site in Oregon is suing President Barack Obama, arguing that his order to stop the project was unconstitutional. Uruguay's Drugs Policy Regulating Market For Pot The government of President Jose Mujica has proposed a law that would put the state in charge of producing and selling marijuana to registered users. Muslim mobs attacked temples and houses in what Buddhist leaders described as the worst violence against the community since independence France to cover total cost of abortion 'The move follows a long campaign by prochoice organisations and was a manifesto promise by President Hollande ahead of his election victory in June.' Syria Crisis Russia Tells NATO To Stay Away From Syria Libya's Magarief calls for a secular state Irans economy plunges because of sanctions. BBC News  Georgia President Mikheil Saakashvili admits election loss Dutch abortion boat heads to Morocco in its first trip to a Muslim country  will promote the idea of a safe medication abortion 'Offensive (and not funny)' After years of insults, BBC finally censures Jeremy Clarkson Japans first 'cuddle cafe' lets you sleep with a stranger for Y6,000 an hour  Japan Today Japan News and Discussion High Food Prices Forecast More Global Riots Ahead, Researchers Say  Unemployment in the euro zone at record 18.2 million  Economy Watch Mexicans Puzzled by Azerbaijan Leader Monument  The appearance of a lifesize statue of Azerbaijan's founder of the nation on Mexico City's elegant Reforma Avenue, not far from Mahatma Gandhi, Abraham Lincoln & Mexico's national heroes, is raising eyebrows & protests. Professor Drones Will Soon Be Able To Kill During War Without Human Assistance Saudi Arabia on Friday began expelling more than a thousand Nigerian women on a religious pilgrimage because they had arrived without male guardians Top 5 Reasons Not to Ballyhoo Chinas Carrier  It has no aircraft on it.  Former Pirate Bay host raided by police, goes down amidst DDoSattack Scottish independence Who would get the nukes, and other questions  

As it considers a 2014 referendum on independence from the UK, Scotland still has a litany of issues that must be resolved beforehand, including its role in the EU and NATO. Great Barrier Reef coral seeing 'major decline,' scientists report Iran's currency hits alltime low as western sanctions take their toll. Rial sent into tailspin in spite of Ahmadinejad's defiance as Iranians rush to convert assets to foreign currency or gold Starting Nov.6, Spirit Airlines is going to start charging up to $100 for carryon's... Stolen Maple Syrup Recovered France to cover 100 percent of abortion costs Marijuana And Cancer Scientists Find Cannabis Compound Stops Metastasis In Aggressive Cancers Swedish Pirate Party surges after filesharing host facility raided 


Divers Return to Wreck Where Ancient Computer Found  In 1900, divers saw a pile of dead, naked women on the seabed.  Turned out to be Greek statues in a Roman ship wreck. Also found was a curious device that calculates movements of stars & planets & timing of athletic events. 



 The $1 billion mission to reach the Earth's mantle Proposed Split of Large Institutions Fight Looms Over EU Plans for Bank Reform  Until recently, calls to forcibly split up European banks were dismissed as a radical leftist idea. Now even an EU panel of experts is recommending dividing up dangerous financial giants. Japanese researchers discover that looking at pics of baby animals improves productivity The Philippines Passes a Cybercrime Prevention Act that Makes SOPA Look Reasonable LOCAL   Three killed as Syrian shell strikes Turkish town Tunisians took to the streets by the hundreds, protesting the treatment of a woman who was allegedly raped by police officers  and then charged with public indecency What happened when British politicians took a maths exam Mortar from Syria kills at least 3 in Turkey Africans have flocked to Europe for years, in search of a better life and to make money they could send back home. Now, as Europe's economy struggles, many Africans are ready to pack up and head back home, where the economy is better. Radical Islamists execute man before crowd of 600 in northern Mali in latest punishment 25 killed in attack at Nigerian college dormitory The attackers called out victims' names and then killed them, a police official says of the assault in Mubi, Nigeria. Ferry crash response revives distrust between Hong Kong and mainland China  A ferry crash in Hong Kong has turned into a political match between the city and Mainland China.
 US grants Taiwan visawaiver status  Taiwanese nationals will not need a visa to enter the United States starting November 1 Hamas accused of routine torture of detainees in Gaza Strip Does the World Need Iran's Oil? Apparently Not Hezbollah military commander 'killed in Syria' Iranian Police Clash With Protesters Over Currency Plunge Mentally ill patients in Ghana chained up for months at prayer camps Report Spike in Police Officer Deaths Alarms So Paulo New Philippine cyber law could numb the Net Bahraini court sentences 9 doctors to prison for up to 5 years for treating injured protesters.  AntiDownloading Law Hits Japan, Up To 
2 Years in Prison From Today Activists warned to watch what they say as social media monitoring becomes 'next big thing in law enforcement'  In urban Taiwan, indoor shrimp fishing is booming  Shrimp fishing in Taiwan has moved indoors over the years, and it now is a popular activity among city dwellers in Taipei and elsewhere.  Ikea is being criticized for deleting images of women from the Saudi version of its furniture catalogue, a move the company says it regrets  The report raised questions in Sweden about Ikea's commitment to gender equality Egypt sheikh says girls should be married, have children starting at 14yearsold; he is also a member of the Constituent Assembly tasked with drafting Egypt's new constitution A firefight broke out between U.S. forces and their Afghan army allies in eastern Afghanistan Sunday, killing two Americans and three Afghan soldiers  AP Interview SKorea foreign minister says Japan must educate its people about its war crimes No tax? No blessing! German church made the final move, excluding from religious community anyone who doesn't devolve part of his taxes to the church.. Suspected Muslim insurgents shoot grenades at fair in 
southern Thailand, 30 hurt  The Washington Post Iranian News Agency Claims Onion Report It Ran by Mistake Is Essentially True  Govts around the world are leaving hundreds of millions of cancer patients to suffer needlessly by not giving them adequate access to painrelieving drugs  New data paints shocking picture of unnecessary pain on a global scale. There's an urgent need to repeal excessive restrictions. Sweden detains Pirate Bay founder in oppressive conditions without charges, The case underscores the prime fear long expressed by Assange supporters about the Swedish justice system How the mafia is destroying the rainforests Muslim Rage Is About Politics, Not Religion Muslims have good reason to be angryand its not a sophomoric movie trailer on youtube.  Critics deplore Canadas shift to the right Powerful typhoon hits Japan's mainland ...video shows cars blown over like toys 1 in 10 European workers took time off for depression  survey Iranian economy on verge of collapse, says Israel Amid Greeces Worries, the Rise of RightWing  Aleppo's Silk Road souk burns to ashes in battle for Syrian city. Flames destroys 1,500 shops in Souk alMadina, a world heritage site, fuelled by fabric stored beneath ancient arches Thousands march in Paris against 'austerity'   Chanting resistance, demonstrators took to the streets of Paris on Sunday to protest against austerity policies and Europes new budget treaty, in the first major demonstration since President Franois Hollande took power four months ago.  An estimated one million children go missing in the European Union  every year. In Italy, a comedian getting the last laugh  Beppe Grillo, a TV comedianturnedpolitical phenomenon, is making much of Europe nervous. Pundits see his rise as underscoring the political uncertainty in Italy that is quickly becoming one of the biggest wild cards of the European debt crisis. BBC News  Man freed after getting his head stuck in bin in Aberdeen The Reality of AntiBlasphemy Laws  Antiblasphemy laws inevitably lead to the arrest and persecution of religious minorities, including children, in order to 'protect sensibilities' of religious majorities. Such laws are about authority and control, not respect  When gender equality really hurts. Women in Europe facing large increase in car insurance premiums due to EU ruling to end discrimination. (Young males to see their premiums fall) People with HIV no longer need to disclose their infection to sexual partners in Canada (if low risk, on retro viral drugs, and wearing condom). South African mine union leader shot execution style; death toll in Platinum Belt rises to 49; 75,000 mine workers striking The 100 richest people on Earth gained a combined $26.9 billion this week as an unexpected drop in the American unemployment rate bolstered confidence in the worlds largest economy N. Korean soldier defects to S. Korea via heavily armed border Israeli Air Force shoots down small, unmanned aircraft over its airspace. BBC News  Turkey returns fire 'after fresh Syria shelling' Pirate Bay Founder Wins Back Passport from Swedish Embassy  TorrentFreak North Korean soldier kills two of his officers Saturday and defected to South Korea  Prepare for war with Syria if you want to have peace, says Turkish PM after another shelling.  India  Two women working for Rs. 15 (30 cents) a month for 42 years S Korean Villagers Panicked by Toxic Leak   Those in nearby village also demanding to be evacuated.  5 killed &  over  600 treated after hydrofluoric acid leak at a Gumi chemical factory. 100s suffering nausea, chest pain, rashes, sore eyes & throats, bloody saliva. Turkish PM warns that his country is not far from war with Syria. The pope's butler was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Saturday [6 October 2012] after being convicted of stealing the pope's private documents and leaking them to a journalist. ShariaMedicine Egyptian Clinic Treats People with Camel Urine Per Prophet's Advice 'Too easy' Exdrone operator on watching civilians die Imran Khan leads US drone protest in Pakistan Spanish police arrest man with 140kg of explosives after he boasted of doing a Columbine massacre of university students Italian politician 'slashes tyres of disabled man'   Turkey returns fire after new Syria shelling Foxconn denies China iPhone plant hit by strike Malis heritage Scrolls under threat  Islamist zealots are endangering Malis most treasured manuscripts  N. Korean soldier defects to S. Korea via heavily armed border  EU Parliament to back jail sentences for Libor cheats Lunch Lady In Sweden told to stop making fresh bread and varied vegetables.  Its not fair to kids in other schools.  S.Korea announces US deal allowing it to have missiles capable of hitting all of NKorea German Government on Fracking In summary, we conclude that a great deal of the fundamental information needed to make a valid assessment of these risks is still missing. Women in northern Mali hold protest against Islamist in charge of veil requirement North Korean soldier kills two superior officers and defects to South. In goodwill gesture, Iran shifts uranium to fuel stock Ancient Civilization Collapsed due to Climate Change Marseille police unit closed due to rampant corruption 'Twelve police officers in France's crimeridden Marseille appeared in court on suspicion of corruption, extortion and drug dealing, with a prosecutor claiming there was overwhelming proof of guilt.' Iran Urges Israel to Join NPT | Defense | RIA Novosti Glimpses of North Korean life exposed by AP photographer. Pakistani cricketerturnedpolitician Imran Khan has led Western activists and thousands of supporters on a defiant march to the tribal belt to protest against US drone strikes. Cheering crowds lined the road on Saturday to greet Khan, scattering rose petals. France Invests 50 Million Euros in Electromobility  New 50 million euro investment program to support electric vehicles & charging infrastructure launched.  Maximum bonus on electric vehicles will increase from 5,0007,000 in 2013 & the bonus for hybrid vehicles will double to 4,000.
 Beijing authorities have completed a network of monitors that will more accurately measure air quality in the pollutionridden city after being pushed into it by public pressure and reports from the U.S. embassy Switzerland Hand Grenades Sent To UAE Ended Up In Syria  Switzerland set up commission to investigate... after a newspaper published a photo indicating a Swissmade grenade was found with Syrian rebels. Pirate Bay cofounder has his Swedish passport restored Fredrik Neij's passport had been revoked, he will now be free to travel China's 'New Left' Grows Louder  WSJ.com Turkey retaliates at Syria for a fifth day  Police massacre case turns back tide of injustice in Brazil Nineteen sharecroppers demanding land were gunned down by police in 1996. In a stunning result, two top officers involved have been imprisoned, signaling a shift from impunity to accountability.  Chavez seeks another sixyear term after 13 years as Venezuelan president
 Africa's mineral wealth hardly denting poverty levels, says World Bank  
Report finds discovery of oil & mineral resources doing little to improve prospects for poor people, whose lot may even worsen. UK mobile company Vodafone increases prices for second time on 'fixed' contracts  provokes customer outrage Somalia's first female police cadets in 20 years Europes Richer Regions Want Out Angry at having to finance their poorer neighbors, some richer regions, including Catalonia and Scotland, are calling for independence Prime Minister David Cameron has said he would veto a new European Union budget if necessary Ahmadinejad 'You can't rule with war' BBC News  Turkey's parliament authorises military action in Syria Two Coptic children arrested in Egypt for 'insulting Islam' Foreign donors have spent tens of millions of dollars building hospitals in Afghanistan that have never seen a patient. Land acquired over past decade could have produced food for a billion people Oxfam calls on World Bank to stop backing foreign investors who acquire land for biofuels that could produce food
 34 Syrian soldiers killed in Turkish offensive Badly disabled woman told she's fit to work. Turkey govt says Syria crisis is threat to its security, seeks parliament approval for military operations outside its borders The last native speaker of the Cromarty fisherfolk dialect has died  retired engineer Bobby Hogg, 92, was the last person who was still fluent in the dialect used in parts of the Black Isle, near Inverness. Arctic Melt Were worried. This is our home and these waters are our fields where we harvest our food. This isnt just a staging area for Shell, this is our home, and it is all about to change. Morocco using warships to block abortion vessel German customs seize Stradivarius violin, demand $1.5 million Lethbridge police (Alberta, Canada) raid man's house finding a record haul of...daisy flower plants...  Saudi Arabia to curb powers of religious police The head of Saudi Arabia's notorious religious police has told the media he will curb his force's powers in a bid to clamp down on excesses. Rupert Murdoch faces shareholder revolt at News Corp annual meeting Gaza flotilla sponsor blames Jews for Holocaust on Twitter  'Scareware' trickster fined $163m by authorities Egyptian woman runs for chairmanship of Muslim Brotherhoods political wing  RT  
Airline tickets are plunging in Japan, as Japanese embrace quick weekend flights to visit friends & family. 3 new efficient lowcost carriers have seen growth this year. Russia accuses alQaida of 'forest jihad' in Europe.  Forest fires in EU countries should be considered part of alQaida's new strategy, says Russia's top security official India's improbably champion for affordable feminine hygeine Why the US demonises Venezuela's democracy
 Iran's currency plunges 40 percent, riot police called out  Turkey strikes targets in Syria in retaliation for shelling deaths  CNN.com Nigeria Muslims massacre up to 30 Christian students  BBC News  Turkey's parliament authorises military action in Syria Canadian government fires all nonChristian Chaplains in federal prisons 42 year old Alberta man dismissed of drug charges 1,600 seized pot plants turn out to be daisies. An 11yearold Russian boy discovers a 30,000year
old woolly mammoth carcass French bees make green and blue honey after M&Ms feast  Death penalty for family members in India 'honour killing'  5 members of a family in Delhi, have been sentenced to death for the brutal murder of a young couple.  The young lovers were brutally beaten up, tortured and electrocuted in Asha's uncle's home. A mass grave has been found near the Polish village of Dworzysko   It's suspected the victims, shot in the back of the head, were members of the National Armed Forces, a Polish group that resisted communist rule from the end of WWII until 1956. President issues 'state apology' in Tunisia after police rape women and charge her with indecency Canada poised to claim ownership of vast underwater territory bigger than Quebec How Politics Nuked Irans Economy some pundits are wondering whether inflation will spell the end of the regime. Stay classy Paris luxury hotel owner says Chinese tourists not welcome Ukrainian Bill Banning Promotion of Homosexuality Passes First Reading, with 289 Votes (out of 350 Present) Honduras plan to create for profit cities run by multinational corporations ruled unconstitutional Two Eritrean Air Force pilots defect to Saudi Arabia  in the President of Eritrea's plane. [Article in French] Tunisia president offers 'state apology' to rape woman. There is no more tolerance, neither for rapists, nor for those who want to hide the truth 


 The world's most luxurious designer brands are abandoning Argentina rather than comply with tight new government economic restrictions, leaving empty shelves and storefronts along the capital's elegant Alvear Avenue. Turkey issues new warnings to Syria. Erdogan says Turkey 'not far from war'  Five suspected terrorists  including radical cleric Abu Hamza alMasri  will be extradited to the US to face trial, UK High Court judges rule. An Idealist on Death Row  Why the desperate fate of a littleknown Sudanese human rights activists poses some fundamental questions about what it means to be human. Queensland wants federal laws to help find trolls
  It's s flagged a major shakeup of media & privacy laws with a call for tougher federal laws to help identify social media trolls A bizarre dinosaur described as a cross between a bird, a vampire and a porcupine has been identified from fossils in South Africa. Is the U.S. Admitting Defeat in Afghanistan?
The law of diminishing returns  and rising costs  appears likely to bring Western troops home from Afghanistan even as the Taliban insurgency rages Hackers hit 5 Japan colleges / Todai, Kyoto U. among victims of worldwide attack that stole info Jihadis in Syria The Cracks Start to Show World food prices rise, stay close to crisis levels UN | Business Recorder Iraq 2002, Iran 2012 Compare and contrast Netanyahu's speeches b'Woman killed in protests (Iran) *shocking, nsfw.' b'Fuck Yeah! Basij headquarters in Tehran has been destroyed [Video]' b'Seed monopolies lead to harvest of suicides. [S]eeds are transformed from being a common good into then'intellectual property' of companies such as Monsanto, for ... farmers, this means deeper debts.' b'UK Police arrest protesters for challenging officer with no badge number' b'Her name was Neda' b'Riot in central China [ViDEO]' b'Arrested for asking a policeman for his badge number [VID]' 100,000 Flood the Streets of London, in Protests of Sri Lanka's Concentration Camps. Yes A few people have died in Iran, over 80,000 People and Children have been slaughtered by the Sri Lankan Government!  b'(CNN)  RIP NEDA, The World cries seeing your last breath, you didn't die in vain. We remember you.  The name of the girl who died on camera becomes international rallying cry.' b'Prime Minister of Zimbabwe visits London to give speech to exiled Zimbabweans, tells them all to come back home.  Crowd drifts from uncontrollable laughter to booing to chanting AssHole!' b'Report More votes than voters in Iran' b'Parallels of Iran today and the 1979 revolution. By a BBC reporter who is present for both.' b'Mousavi Defies Khamenei;nPolice Attack Protesters at Inqilab Square;nDowntown Tehran Burning ' b'The Arctic island of Greenland is assuming selfrule, in the latest step towards independence from Denmark.' The US Wants To Police Everyone Else's Nukes Yet Can't Even Keep Track of Their Own b'A Deeper Look at The Iranian Firewall' b'All together, all together, dont be scared (call me crazy, but I broke out in tears when I read that)' b'Are the Iranian Protests Another US Orchestrated Color Revolution?' 'Neda' becomes rallying cry for Iranian protests b'In Tehran, an eerie calm as death toll jumps to 17n' b'A Supreme Leader Loses His Aura as Iranians Flock to the Streets ' b'10 killed after violence erupts in Iran  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)' b'Arrests of Rafsanjani kin show Iran clerics split' b'BBC correspondent in Tehran is expelled from country' b'State TV report said 10 killed and more than 100 wounded in clashes between police and terrorist groups in Tehrannn' The Libor scandal is the largest financial scandal of alltime, but receiving almost no TV coverage. Here is a complete package of news articles on the matter.  Commerzbank stops speculating on basic food prices Germany's secondbiggest lender, Commerzbank, says it will no longer participate in market speculation on basic food prices. The bank says it has removed all agricultural products from its funds for moral reasons. Virgin Australia review after 'pedophile' complaint A NSW firefighter felt ashamed when a flight attendant asked him to move seats because men are banned from sitting next to unaccompanied children Yemen officials seize 40 belts packed with explosives and thwart an al Qaeda cell plot. JPMorgan Chase Libor Subpoenas Coming From Everybody In The World  Drunk Norwegian tourist falls asleep on airport baggage belt, travels for 15 minutes before being spotted on Xray scan UN demands US biofuel suspension  BBC World overusing underground water reserves for agriculture France expels first Roma under Hollande Continuing a practice that had been criticized when Nicolas Sarkozy was president, France has dismantled two camps of Roma in Lille. It's the first raid on a camp since Francois Hollande took office in May.  Saudi will fire at Israeli jets in Iran attack Japans Demographic Nightmare If trends continue, Japan's population will be cut in half by the end of the century.  FBI Monitored Dotcom Raid Via Live Video Link, Secret Govt Group Involved 'Under questioning from a defense lawyer, a senior police officer has admitted that top New Zealand officers and members of the FBI watched the raid live via video link.' Undersea volcano nearby New Zealand creates 25,000sq km pumice 'island', now floating in the south pacific. Pussy Riot Russia's deputy prime minister calls Madonna a whore | GlobalPost Church prayer angers French gay rights groups   A tradition will be revived in France next week when a Prayer for France will be read out at Catholic churches across the country. The text, which attacks the governments plan to legalise samesex marriage, has angered Frances gay rights groups.  At least 70 journalists around the world have been killed in the last six months, making it one of the most deadliest years ever for the media. The far right in Europe is rising in many European countries in spite of its inability to provide a coherent economic message Dozens dead in attacks in Acapulco, San Luis Potosi, Mexico City  latimes.com Hard landing for China as factory prices fall and deflation looms Facebook 'should help pay for illegal parties' according to German state interior ministers Islamists in Northern Mali Amputate Mans Hand  NYTimes.com At Afghan orphanage, friends from different sides of the warIn Kandahar, where vengeance and pride so often dictate action, two boys might have been expected to inherit their fathers allegiances. Instead, they started fresh, embracing each other. After 40 Years, U.S. to Clean Up Agent Orange in Vietnam. Nepal Bans Young Women From Seeking Work In Middle East Over Exploitation Fears  Indonesia, Sri Lanka and the African nation of Kenya have also implemented or proposed similar bans on women going to the Middle East to work. Sinai Egypt tribes back offensive against militants b'World has new oldest man. This guy fought in WWI and was 73 when Neil Armstrong landed on the moon.' b'Moussavi supported the Iran hostage situation, defended the Fatwa against Salman Rushdie and was complicit in the execution of antiestablishment dissidents.  Then he quit politics for 20 years and everyone forgot.' b'Crooks in Parliament  More than 50 MPs have claimed expenses for council tax they have not paid  will they be charged with criminal fraud? ' b'Tehran Street Photos  On the Brink...' b'Iranian Blogger gets ready for tomorrow's protest expecting not to come back alive. Writes down what maybe his last words. I will participate in the demonstrations tomorrow.  Maybe they will turn violent.  Maybe I will be one of the people who is going to get killed...' b'A New York Times reporter who was kidnapped by the Taliban has escaped and made his way to freedom after more than seven months of captivity in the mountains of Afghanistan and Pakistan.' b'Breaking  street fighting in Tehran, cars on fire, gun shot at people from roofs [BBC Persian Video]' [video] Teheran today. There's a huge number of people on the streets! b'The UK has made it clear to an Iranian diplomat that Ayatollah Khamenei's description of the British government as evil is unacceptable.' b'Iran opposition defies ayatollah, schedules protests on Saturday (huge potential for violence)' b'Antifree speech? UK courts now discredited the world over' b'Violent clashes in Tehran as Iranian protesters defy Supreme Leader  Telegraph' b'Gunman firing down indiscriminately into the crowds of protesters in Tehran' b'Ayatollah Ali Khamenei The outstanding diplomats of some western countries who have talked to us with diplomatic courtesy up to now... are showing their true image. They are showing their true enmity towards the Iranian Islamic state and the most evil of them is the British government.' b'My small piece I turned my server into an anonymity server to help my Iranian friends to have net access. ' b'Ayatollah Ali Khamenei End protests or risk bloodshed' b'Andrew Sullivan LiveBlogging the Crisis in Iran' b'The Situation in Iran Ongoing NY Times Updates' b'Witnesses report fierce clashes on Tehran streets Police beat protesters and fired tear gas and water cannons at thousandsn' b'Sam Imam, Do You Like Green Protest Plans? [great comic]' Bomb Blast Strikes Near Shrine of Iran's Revolutionary Founder, Iranian TV Reports  b'Iran protesters blocked from Tehran square  UPI.com' b'Iran If Ron Paul Is The Only Member Of Congress With His Head Screwed On Right, We Are Really In Trouble' Google is denying ads to pro Palestine web sites, censoring Israeli war crime videos, and refusing to let the Israeli lobby be exposed on campus. Don't be evil? Don't be Google. b'The German Pirate Party may soon have a MP.' The FBI justified the insane raid of Kim Dotcom's mansion by saying that it suspected Dotcom had a 'doomsday' device that could wipe out evidence of internet piracy around the world. Saudi Arabia Won't Let Israel Cross Airspace To Attack Iran UN Pleads With US to Curtail Ethanol Production To Prevent Famine Stratfor emails reveal secret, widespread TrapWire surveillance system Vietnam workers kept like slaves at factory in Russia Israel's prime minister and defense minister would like to attack Iran's nuclear sites before the U.S. election in November but lack crucial support within their cabinet and military, an Israeli newspaper said on Friday. Montreal Student Riots, Quebec's SpeechKilling Bill 78, & Something Called the Anarchopanda Indian minister says bureaucrats 'can steal a little' A provincial minister in India's most populous state has sparked a scandal after suggesting to bureaucrats that they could steal a little if they performed well in their duties.  Resistant Gonorrhea CDC Says Just One Drug Left Exactly 6 months after warning that gonorrhea was becoming untreatable by the last two drugs commonly used against it, CDC has taken one of those drugs off the table, leaving just one antibiotic available to treat the disease No mans land Womenonly city planned for Saudi Arabia  RT Parkinson's man arrested at Olympic cycling for not smiling I was arrested on 'suspicion of being about to cause a public order offence' or something like that. Chavez highlights arrest of US 'marine mercenary' | News   A Libyan army general, with a senior defence ministry role, has been shot dead in the eastern city of Benghazi. Middle Eastern Gauss malware could be state sponsored Code linked to Flame and Stuxnet attacks Spanish police thwart Mexican cartel attempting to set up in Europe  Spanish police, working closely with the FBI, have smashed an attempt by Mexico's biggest drugs cartel to setup in Europe.  Mexican cartel 'thwarted' in Spain India's enduring problem with malnutrition a national shame. Millions of children suffering from severe malnutrition. The Royal Spanish Academy, the arbiter of the Spanish language, will add Espanglish (Spanglish) to its 2014 dictionary and experts believe the future of the Spanish language is in the US, not Spain or Mexico. At least 50 killed, 400 injured in northwest Iran quakes [ Sat Aug 11, 2012 1546 pm (GMT) ] Vietnamese Airline, VietJetAir, Fined for InFlight Bikini Show  ABC News Two strong earthquakes struck northwest Iran on Saturday and at least 50 people were taken to hospital, but there were no reports of any deaths, Iranian media said. Belarus KGB summons Swedish teddy bear stunt team Fossils found in Kenya hint at distant cousins to our ancestors Jordanian military clashes with Syrian military, 0 Jordanian deaths Kaspersky Lab New Gauss virus simlar to Flame and Stuxnet aimed at stealing Lebanese customers' bank info discovered.  China releases woman sent to labor camp for protesting daughter's rape  After a woman was sentenced to a labor camp for protesting leniency for her daughter's rapist, Chinese authorities bent to public pressure and released her.  Japans Olympic soccer loss brings out the Twitter racism  The Japan Daily Press German Opposition Calls for Wealth Tax Price of bacon set to soar as producers are hit by new EU animal welfare laws 80 Dead, Many More Injured in Iranian Earthquake  Geist CETA Update  ACTA Provisions Are Still Very Much Alive ...the concerns that CETA may replicate ACTA appear to be very real despite the denials from the European Commission.  U.S. guided missile destroyer collides with a Japaneseowned oil tanker in Strait of Hormuz Tanzania said a shipping agent based in Dubai had reflagged 36 Iranian oil tankers with the Tanzanian flag without the country's knowledge and approval. The United States and Turkey want to impose a nofly zone in Syria AntiBlasphemy Law Introduced In Tunisia Japan to take islands row with South Korea to world court German opposition leader talks tough on tax evasion Social Democrat leader Sigmar Gabriel has said that tax evasion using havens such as Switzerland constitutes organized crime in Swiss banks in Germany. He said the banks should be threatened with prosecution.  More than half of young Greeks are unemployed Greek youth unemployment figures marked another record high at 54.9% in May compared to 41% for the same period last year Iraq oil production surpasses Iran Mans penis stolen by thieves in China Harassed Hindus flee Pakistan reports Trending against Kurds in TurkeyThe best Kurd is a dead Kurd  Earthquakes kill 87 people in Northwestern Iran. Biggest London fire 'for years'  
More than 200 firefighters are tackling a blaze described by London Fire Brigade as the biggest seen in the capital for several years.  There were initial reports that people could see the smoke from the Olympic Park. Afghan Policeman Kills 10 Fellow Policemen  Authorities in Spain released a video which shows suspected alQaeda members training for a bombing raid using a model plane, three arrested. People of the Lake  The drying up of the Aral Sea was an environmental and human tragedy, but can Kazakhstan undo this manmade disaster? Hamas is prepared to close all the underground tunnels along the border between the Gaza Strip and Egypt if the Egyptians agree to reopen the Rafah border crossing on a permanent basis. Saudi Arabia media ignores historic Olympic Games of female athletes Nuclear ruse Posing as toymaker, Chinese merchant allegedly sought U.S. technology for Iran QANTAS airline defends policy of moving any men sitting next to unaccompanied minors, to different seats.  Because every adult male is a potential child molester... Wikileaks under week long attack. Remains inaccessible. Egypt president Mohamed Morsi forces top generals to retire  Two New Pyramids discovered in Egypt Fukushima Chief Yoshida We must bring foreign experts in to help  Reactors NOT stabilized Israeli sniper gets 45 days for killing Palestinian women Genderbased violence leading cause of death for Turkish women 1544 Reddit man spends summer flying around the world helping others | Australian media has picked this up
			News.com.au Pope Benedict XVI's butler will be charged with aggravated theft over the leaking of hundreds of secret papers from the pope's personal apartment to an Italian journalist . . . A second man, Vatican IT expert Claudio Sciarpelletti, will be charged with aiding the butler, Paolo Gabriele Brazil's economic slowdown so far leaves many unscathed Brazil unemployment is at a record low, wages have risen, and more than 1 million jobs have been created this year. An economist calls it the 'great conundrum.' Even China Is Running Out of Money Now Syrian atrocity Bodies of postal workers thrown from roof (GRAPHIC VIDEO)   RT Extreme porn trial well, thank you for that interesting anatomical lesson  The Guardian German Archaeological Conservationists Pushing for Rebuilding Afghanistan's Buddhas     Their destruction in 2001 by the Taliban caused global condemnation.  Once the largest in the world, they were carved in the 6th Century.  Unesco's decision not to rebuild them hasn't ended the debate.  Moscow to spend over $720 billion on new military aircraft   Saudi Arabia plans new city for women workers only Thailand  Senator 'accidentally' kills secretary.....With an Uzi Israeli Minister Asks Nations to Say Iran Talks Have Failed  NYTimes.com At Least 300 Dead in Iran Earthquakes Father of Saudi athlete says daughter called names for competing in Games Media coverage of Syrian violence partial and untrue, says nun Nigerian army 'kills 20 Boko Haram Islamists' Kangaroo escapes zoo in Germany ... with the help of a fox and a boar Syrian fighter jet crashes near Iraq border Indonesians protest against Myanmar genocide of Muslims.  b'In Tehran, a Mood of Melancholy Descends People are depressed, and they feel they have been lied to, robbed of their rights and now are being insulted. It is not just a lie; its a huge one. And it doesnt end.' b'While most of the world's attention is focused on thebeatings in the streets of Iran during the day, the Basijis are carrying outbrutal raids on people's apartments during the night,' b'Israel adopts Iranian tactics  peace activists brutally beaten by the army while extremist right wing militia burns Palestinian fields.' b'Ayatollah Rafsanjani is plotting to undermine the power of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei; seeks constitutional change that would replace Khamenei as the supreme leader with a small committee of senior ayatollahs' b'Iran detains British embassy staff' b'One of the wounded commented If the Taliban are bombing the mosques and America is bombing the funerals, what is the difference between them? We are stuck between Taliban and US attacks and when we are killed, not only no one cries for us, but also we are dubbed militants.' b'Iranian Leaders telling the public that the CIA killed Neda' b'Arrest of entire Iranian newspaper staff condemned' b'Robert Baer said on CNN that the IRG has effectively staged a coup in Iran. Here he discusses the Iranian situation at length.' b' We are scared and depressed. You can see the depression on the faces of the people. But there are jokes doing the rounds too. That's how we have borne the last thirty years  by laughing at the mullahs. ' b'Iranian protesters avoid censorship with Navy technology' b'Troops arrest Honduran president' b'UK embassy staff arrested in Iran' b'Why did the world forget Neda to remember Jacko?' b'Ahmadinejad regime plots purge after Iran election protests Supporters of Mousavi fear that he could become another Aung San Suu Kyi' b'Jailed Iranian reformists have been tortured in an attempt to force them into TV confessions of a foreignled plot against the Islamic regime.' b'Neda AghaSoltan was denied mourning rites by Iranian authorities desperate to stifle the anger at her killing. Due to the internet, they failed!' b'Levelheaded article on the coup in Honduras' b'Parents separated from baby after transfer to US hospital because they lack passports' b'The death penalty a case for its prohibition around the world' b'Military Coup in Honduras, Soldiers arrest Honduran president' b'Coup underway in Honduras  The military have arrested President Jose Manuel Zelaya' Iran 'must free UK embassy staff' b'Now they want democracy in Myanmar!' Iran 'arrests UK embassy staff' The police officer filmed pushing a man to the ground during the 2009 G20 protests will not face charges over his death. The IMF has forgiven Haiti's $268 million dollar debt to the fund Ian Tomlinson collapsed and died after a police officer struck or pushed him. Today it was announced there would be no prosecution into the death.  Botswana Bushmen denied access to water. The Botswana government capped a well to drive natives out of their homeland. Archaeologists have discovered a second henge at Stonehenge, described as the most exciting find there in 50 years Hugo Chavez puts army on alert and breaks absolutely all relations with Colombia, who presented photos and maps it said showed 1,500 FARC terrorists hiding in Venezuela. Israeli troops kill Palestinian near settlement in West Bank Kosovo's independence is legal, UN court rules  
Decision in favour of Kosovo's independence could have farreaching implications for other separatist movements
 Nigeria has been facing massive, weekly oil spills for decades. A fifth of UK girls pregnant by 18, survey reveals German MP calls for 'fat tax' to cover healthcare costs
 Chinese police beat the wrong person  bringing to light routine beatings of citizens with grievances. Nelson Mandela's daughter caught in shootout International Court of Justice in The Hague rules that Kosovo's 2008 declaration of independence from Serbia is legal Lebanon plans to file a complaint about Israeli espionage at the United Nations, according to the country's information minister, AlJazeera reported Thursday. Ottawa orders affirmativeaction overhaul  The Conservatives say race and ethnicity shouldn't enter into the hiring process for federal jobs and have ordered a review of affirmative action policies. China struggles to contain disasters  Berlin and Paris aim to block voting rights for EU deficit offenders Gunmen murder Greek investigative journalist and major contributor to the most popular Greek newsblog Only in Israel Torahonly education, Rabbis want to keep public ignorant; in 20 years job market will be nonexistent Afraid for their jobs, Venezuelan workers protect factory from being stormed State Dept Plans to Take Over Iraq Operations With Its Own Army    US State Department is hastily assembling its own army of contractors to continue the war past the end of the Status of Forces Agreement deadline. Swedish women vote to keep their tops on  Swedes, long famous round the world for their relaxed attitude to nudity, are now some of Europes biggest prudes, according to a new survey.
 Kosovo independence legal, says UN court. What will Russia do? Former MI5 chief delivers damning verdict on Iraq invasion I am a Chinese web user. Today is a very happy day for me. The Vietnam war ended 35 years ago, but children are still being born with birth defects from chemical poisoning from Agent Orange, contaminated with deadly dioxin, sprayed by the US forces Australian government 'releases' Internet snooping proposal with 90% of the document blacked out so as not to cause premature and unnecessary debate. UK acts to prevent arrest of Pope Gov't worried over plans by Dawkins and Hitchens to have Pope arrested for crimes against humanity, because of his alleged coverup  of priestly assaults on children Chronicling the Holocaust from Inside the Ghetto  Roughly 50 men and women in the Warsaw Ghetto chose a special form of resistance. In a secret archive, they documented their path to doom for future generations, chronicling the Nazis' crimes as they were being perpetrated. Catholic sex scandal as undercover reporter 'films priests at gay clubs and having casual flings' A magnitude 7.3 quake has hit the Moro Gulf in the Philippines. Doubts surface on North Korea's role in ship sinking A top court in Germany has ruled that the country's domestic intelligence agency may monitor the farleft Left Party. Commentators on Thursday argue that the party may have many failings, but a desire to overthrow democracy isn't one of them. War On Drugs Helps Spread AIDS (and no one in power cares) Jordan River Too Polluted for Baptisms The site of Jesus' baptism is dangerously contaminated, urges tourists to stay out of the river's waters Hugo Chavez severs ties with Colombia 7.3magnitude earthquake strikes off Philippines France to sell two Mistralclass warships to Russia Israel to release Turkey ships seized during Gaza flotilla raid UK Health inequality as severe as during the great depression Chinas Dangerous Arrogance | An increasingly assertive China is creating its own Monroe Doctrine for Asias seasand threatening longstanding freedoms. Remember that controversial agreement so the US could use seven Colombian military bases? The Colombian Constitutional Court might declare it unconstitutional next month. Porn suddenly available in China India unveils $35 computer for students Parody of the JayZ Alicia Keys song, New York, based around the very unromantic Welsh town of Newport, becomes internet sensation. Includes video BBC News  Trafigura found guilty of exporting toxic waste Turkey Political reform falters as violence spreads at a rapid pace Australian government blocks out 90% of document on webspying plans When Hillary Clinton, the US secretary of state, visited Vietnam on Thursday she extolled the country's unlimited potential and strong trade relations with the US. But the words must have rung hollow for Ngyuen Ngoc Phuong, who has seen his potential destroyed by American chemical poisoning.  Everyone knows designer sunglasses are a ripoff. But did you know they're all made by the same company? Spiderinfested ship turned back from Guam  BP is trying to hire top Gulf scientists.  The fine print?  The scientists would be prevented from testifying about what they find for 3 years.  It is not about them testifying for BP, it is about preventing them from testifying against BP. Newspaper publishes investigation about clothing retailers and child labour. Article disappears. North Korea executes an exCabinet official who was in charge of talks with South Korea Scandinavia Bubbling With Happiness ) One theory why is that they have their basic needs taken care of to a higher degree than other countries.  Jim Harter, Gallup The Swedish Pirate Party Launches The World's First Pirate ISP 'One of Britain's most senior lawyers has delivered a dramatic boost to the campaign to change the law on drugs' Geneticists say Chinese and Tibetans were once one. Neither group likes the idea. One man's quest for peace, one school at a time, has become required reading for the US military. AlQaida and the Taliban are looking at [Afghanistan]  over generations, ... and we're looking at it in terms of annual fiscal cycles and presidential elections. Sicilians commemorate murdered judge Paolo Borsellino  At least one Italian secret service agent reportedly knew in advance about the carefully planned murder Fmr MI5 Director Understands 'Blowback', Says Iraq War 'Triggered UK Bomb Plots'  Britain's support for the war in Iraq was connected to a series of deadly bombings in London and sparked a rise in domestic attack plots that swamped security services, a former intelligence chief has said. Accusations of child witchcraft on the rise in Africa North Korean official in charge of Seoul diplomacy executed Pakistans Elite Pay Few Taxes, Widening Gap Israeli AntiRocket System Is Ready Analysts believe the system has a farreaching impact on the big picture of arms control and global stability US Taxpayers subsidizes the corrupt rich and powerful in Pakistan who refuse to pay their taxes Palestinians  living in East Jerusalem are now being forcefully evicted from the homes they were born and raised in because Israel says they are 'disloyal' to the Israeli state. Israel isn't even trying to make up excuses anymore. South Korea is to seize property and assets from descendants of people they have identified as Japanese collaborators up to 100 years ago.  Floodwaters just 20m below maximum capacity on China's Three Gorge's Dam; waterflow strongest ever First female Lutheran bishop resigns over mishandling of sex abuse case  looks like it's not just men! Afghanistan president calls for Nato troop withdrawal by 2014 Our Afghan national security forces will be responsible for all military and law enforcement operations Black parents give birth to white baby. Is this common? The Israeli economy is one of the most 
concentrated in the Western world. Ten business 
groups control 160 public companies, Bank of 
Israel researcher Constantine Kosenco told IDF 
Radio  Record heat in Moscow leads denizens to take illadvised dips in the river.  This leads to 77 people drowning...most of whom were drunk. A Palestinian man has been convicted of rape after having consensual sex with an Israeli woman who believed he was Jewish because he introduced himself as Daniel. Castro daughter No one is punished for free speech in Cuba. If free and inconvenient thoughts were a crime in our country, I would have been a good candidate for prison, with my advocacy for sexual selfdetermination. Those people are in prison because they are mercenaries paid by Washington Germany sets up suicide bomber hotline for Islamic radicals who want help to quit extremism A degree is a degree, whether it's fake or real  Pakistani Politician.  Israel to buy 19 advanced F35 warplanes in a $3 billion deal from US, that would give it a significant military advantage Google pledges to obey China censorship laws and stop automatically switching mainland users to its unfiltered Hong Kong site In Israel, a convicted Jewish terrorist gets IDF guard for his vineyard in the occupied West Bank Former MI5 chief demolishes Blair's defence of the Iraq war Hundreds of dead penguins wash ashore in Brazil.  Scientists say flightless birds likely starved to death but unsure why China oil spill after pipe blast 'worse than thought' China police 'mistakenly beat boss's wife' Palestinian man to appeal rapebydeception conviction.  Lawyer says, There was a short foreplay a few minutes before; during the foreplay, the guy tells a few lies, the lady tells a few lies. They both have one goal, and that is to go to bed together.  We warned Iraq invasion would raise terror attack risk, says exMI5 chief  THE invasion of Iraq triggered a massive upsurge in terrorist activity against the UK, the former head of MI5 said yesterday. China rushes to keep oil from international waters Images of the July 17 oil spill in Dalian China Toxic Spill at Chinese Copper Mine Kills Nearly 1,900 Tons of Fish Growing Old Alone Cleanup after unnoticed death now a growing industry Israel We will restrict use of white phosphorus munitions and seek to limit civilian casualties in future wars by deploying with troops a humanitarian affairs officer British PM David Cameron flew on a regularly scheduled commercial British Airways jet to DC in order to save money Israeli UN Ambassador Israel is the most isolated, lonely country in the world, and the biggest threat to its existence is not Iranian nuclear proliferation 24Yr Old Canadian Soldier Killed In Afghanistan  
Sapper Brian Collier was killed by a bomb in Afghanistan Tuesday. Collier was killed while on a foot patrol in the village of Nakhonay, in the eastern part of Panjwaii District. Israel plans to have antimissile system operational in 4 months The Pentagon Announced That Inmates At Guantanamo Are Being Shipped To Africa US announces new sanctions against North Korea Participants in a regular UK YouGov survey were recently confronted with an odd request to download software that would track users' surfing habits Wikileaks+Guardian.co.uk Afghanistan The war logs. Massive leak of secret files exposes truth of occupation. Includes interview with Wikileaks' Julian Assange. Prisoners in a northern Mexico  jail were allowed out at night to carry out murderforhire jobs using jail guards weapons and vehicles, revealing a level of corruption that is stunning even in a country where prison breakouts are common as guards look the other way. Wikileaks Pakistan state spy services meet directly with the Taliban to organize networks of militant groups against American soldiers in Afghanistan and assassinate Afghan leaders, all to ensure their US war on terror funding. No one who's been paying attention should be surprised by the WikiLeaks documents about the war in Afghanistan. By Fred Kaplan  Wyclef Jean is going to run for President of Haiti United Students Against Sweatshops forces Nike to pay $1.54 million to help 1,800 workers in Honduras  who lost their jobs when two subcontractors closed their factories Wikileaks Afghanistan files every IED attack and roadside bomb, with coordinates Oliver Stone Jewish control of the media is preventing free Holocaust debate Wikileaks founder Julian Assange live news conference. Now. Former KGB Agent Weapons Expert David Kelly Did Not Commit Suicide Afghanistan war logs How US marines sanitised record of bloodbath after killing 19 civilians. Whatever happens, Israel can always count on U.S. evangelicals  Thousands of Christian activists descended on Washington this week in a show of strength by America's proIsrael Christians. WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange on the Afghanistan war logs I Enjoy Crushing Bastards Pakistans military spy service has guided the Afghan insurgency with a hidden hand, even as Pakistan receives more than $1 billion a year from Washington for its help combating militants As many as 200 women are tortured and lynched every year in India after being accused of practising witchcraft. These leaked documents against me are fiction and nothing else said Pakistan Intelligence officer VIDEO He may by now be one of the most well known whistleblowers of all time. He publicly makes enemies of those who probably have no compunctions about ordering his assassination. Julian Assange, about how WikiLeaks operates, what it has accomplished, and about what drives him. In Disclosing Secret Documents, WikiLeaks Seeks Transparency It operates from servers in several countries, including Sweden and Belgium, where laws provided more protection for its disclosures WikiLeaks founder says the release of U.S. military documents is like opening the files of East Germany's secret Stasi police and that appears to be evidence of war crimes Brazilian tribes took 100 workers hostage at construction site of hydroelectric plant in southern Amazon which they say was built on ancient burial site Chile Reject Catholic Church's call to pardon dozens of imprisoned military officials convicted of human rights violations Palestinian doctor still has hope even after IDF killed 3 of his daughters and a niece when they fired a shell into their bedroom. Strange bedfellows? Mossad chief reportedly visited Saudi Arabia for talks on Iran. Guards and officials at a prison in northern Mexico let inmates out, lent them guns and sent them off in official vehicles to carry out drugrelated killings, including the massacre of 17  USSouth Korea military exercises begin All eyes are on Pyongyang as the US leads maneuvers in the Sea of Japan. There's a wide discrepancy, and we need to know. Canadian military The loss of four Canadian soldiers in September 2006 was the result of insurgent activity. Newly released WikiLeaks document The Canadian soldiers weren't killed by the Taliban but rather by friendly fire from U.S. forces. British Prime Minister David Cameron calls Gaza a prison camp, a blunt description from a major Western leader about the besieged Palestinian territory. How ISI paid Taliban to hit Indians  Wikileaks Church children beaten and branded for witchcraft by preachers in the UK Cameron Gaza cannot and must not be allowed to remain a prison camp. WikiLeaks fallout The Taliban and the ISI  Pakistani intelligence fooled only those who didn't pay attention. UK soldier Jail better than Afghan war  A former British soldier who was previously jailed for refusing to fight in Afghanistan has told an antiwar rally that every second he spent behind bars was worth his decision. Nobel Peace Prizes 'are being awarded illegally'. Norwegian author claims the committee behind the coveted award routinely violates the terms of Alfred Nobel's will. The daily newspaper Hankyoreh reported yesterday that Russia has concluded the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan was a sea mine accident, not a torpedo attack by North Korea. Pakistan Taliban India is our domain, and we will attack to take possession of it...whether they are Hindus or Jews, they all are the same Bin Laden among latest Wikileaks Afghan revelations  New details, including reports on Osama Bin Laden dating from 2006, have emerged from 90,000 US military files leaked to the Wikileaks website. Cameron backs Turkey's bid to join EU  I believe it is just wrong to say that Turkey can guard the camp but not be allowed to sit in the tent.  A clear majority of Danes support the idea of injection cabins for addicts. Wiki points to Australian coverup  CLASSIFIED US Defence Department documents leaked to the WikiLeaks website this week suggest the Australian Defence Force covered up the killing of an Afghan policeman by Australian troops. It's No Secret Afghanistan Is a Quagmire  The most shocking thing about the War Diary may be that it fails to shock. The documents illustrate how futileand tragically wastefulit is to send more young men and women to fight and die in Afghanistan. Mock Trial; How America is helping to whitewash the Cambodian genocide. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is 'a hacker fighting for the freedom of information' Israel demolishes Bedouin village Four reasons to believe in Brazil, according to The Economist India kills 200 witches a year WikiLeaks Has 3 Times More Documents on Iraq Than It Just Released on Afghanistan New Oil Spill In Battle Creek Michigan This Time By Canadian Company Toxic legacy of US assault on Fallujah 'worse than Hiroshima'
 Wikileaks 'source' bradass87  the former army analyst facing 52 years in prison Black Sea challenge by U.S. set to keep Russia on edge The 10 happiest countries on Earth Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden, the Netherlands, Costa Rica, New Zealand, Canada, Israel, and Australia Chinese deal with their own largest oil spill; Are not afraid of showing black oil filled beaches. Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu may have declared a freeze on new settlements, but construction is continuing in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Settlers are receiving contributions from American foundations that enjoy tax breaks, including groups that see Biblical prophecies being fulfilled. North Korea Warns of Nuclear Response to Naval Exercises Iran aims to send man into space by 2019 North Korea has warned that it is prepared to use its nuclear weapons as part of a sacred war against the United States and South Korea. BBC NEWS Church denounces gay priests after magazine reveals secretly recorded sexual encounters. Iran has signed a $1.3bn pipeline deal to ship gas to Turkey, the Iranian oil minister has said. A landmark 20year study of Faroese children has found that high levels of methyl mercury and other contaminants in the whale meat are harmful to a childs neurological development DId you know that the US spends more on the military than the rest of the world COMBINED? N. Korea declares sacred war against U.S, South Korea Reddit, the gruesome Faroe Island whale massacre happened one more time 4 days ago. Let's make this known, perhaps the 2011 edition can be called off. Britain Plans to Decentralize National Health Care  NYTimes.com North Korea says it will use its nuclear deterrent in response to joint USSouth Korean military exercises this weekend. Oh my Recordhigh water levels at China's massive Three Gorges Dam have called into question Beijing's claims that the world's largest hydroelectric project has capacity to withstand a massive flood. Mass grave in northern Mexico contains 38 bodies Reports emerge the UK used depleted uranium weapons in Iraq Time to stop being junior to Uncle Sam  America's power should not be confused with its being right. It is rare that we can learn much from our European partners, but they shook off the compulsion to be obsequious to America long ago. So should we.  Doubts surface on North Korea's role in ship sinking. Details of flourishing gay 'scene' in the Vatican exposed. Pope's vicariate of Rome condemns double life of priests. Coherence calls for them to come clean. Ten people die after mass panic at love parade Only 0.3% of files on BitTorrent confirmed to be legal Priest Enrages Parishioners By Serving Communion To Dog In light of the Israeli/Palestinian sex debacle, here is John Safran making Israeli / Palestinian babies [humor] Germany Weighs Tax on the Obese Female circumcision will be inflicted on up to 2,000 British schoolgirls during the summer holidays  leaving brutal physical and emotional scars. Yet there have been no prosecutions against the practice At least 15 people trampled to death at Loveparade in Duisburg, Germany An Arab Israeli convicted of 'rape by deception' of a Jewish woman, gives his side of the story in an exclusive interview Putin sings patriotic songs with expelled Russian spies and says those who betrayed them will end up in gutter Yet again Formula 1 cheats fans and proves it is not a genuine competition, as race leader Massa is forced to give way to Ferrari team mate, Alonso. Sadly, F1 is little more than a series of formation laps pretending to be a race When womens rights activist Wajiha AlHuwaidar flew out of Saudi Arabia last week for a holiday in Italy with her family, she was hoping for a brief respite from what she describes as the gender apartheid kingdom.

She wasnt so lucky. 10 killed and 15 injured in mass panic at Germany's Love Parade Wikileaks obtained and multiple sources are now reporting on a huge cache of documents related to the US war in Afghanistan.  At least 1,100 people dead or missing in Chinese floods A hedge fund manager named Anthony Ward has all but cornered the market in cocoa. By one estimate, he has bought enough to make more than five billion chocolate bars. Ecuador president, Rafael Correa, imposes oil nationalization law Britain Plans to Decentralize National Health Care Chavez US and Colombia plan to attack Venezuela A global network of lobby groups has spent nearly $100 million to push use of deadly asbestos, a known carcinogen, in developing nations  UK Diplomat claims his Iraq Inquiry evidence was blocked Australian Senate censors print link to cartoon something snapped after the Gaza assault, in which about 1,400 Palestinians were killed. It released Israel from the last of its humanitarian constraints, she says. Now everything is possible. Great Britain appoints man who works to create an Islamic state under sharia law in Europe as the Muslim community's liaison to police Blood on the Tracks  The dangerous journey to El Norte. WikiLeaks strikes again! Massive leak of secret files exposes truth of occupation of Afghanistan.  The 'bomb magnet' soldier blown up 15 times in Afghanistan China's huge Three Gorges dam threatens to overflow  Taliban captures two U.S. soldiers China Uighur blogger sentenced to 15 year imprisonment for endangering national security You've heard what has happened in Fallujah. Perhaps the world is now ready to hear the full horrifying truth.  Catalonia bans bullfighting in landmark Spain vote US cannot account for $8.7B in Iraqi funds Israel demolishes Bedouin village leaving 300 Bedouins homeless | Al Jazeera English New York Times caught whitewashing the wikileaks story. Apathetic Canadians have allowed their government to trample freedoms  but opposition is mounting. Remotecontrolled drones are supposed to be the miracle weapon of the Afghanistan conflict, taking out Taliban fighters with precision missiles and protecting Western forces. But the WikiLeaks war logs files show that system failures, computer glitches and human errors are plaguing drone missions. BBC News  Lawyer defending woman sentenced to death in Iranian adultery case goes missing after being called to prison for questioning Catalonia bans 'outdated and cruel' sport of bullfighting. A boy, aged five, who was wrongly accused by a supermarket of stealing a bag of crisps has won 7,500 in damages for defamation of character France to dismantle illegal Gypsy camps, deport Roma to Romania and Bulgaria Guy buys photos at a garage sale for $45. Turns out they're worth $200m UK's NHS plans to shame obese people into fitness by calling them fat. Infographic Where Did the Money to Rebuild Iraq Go?  Israeli High Court of Justice scratches its head at violent, sexist segregation on buses, forced and implemented by religious nuts Plane crashes in Pakistan capital on flight from Turkey Oil Tanker Ship Hit in Apparent Attack Near Strait of Hormuz China's Three Gorges dam close to maximum capacity as heavy rains persist Chinese officials for years have boasted the dam could withstand floods so severe they come only once every 10,000 years! 'Scores die' in Afghan village raid A Nato rocket attack on a village in Afghanistan last week killed 52 civilians, including women and children [...] ISI paid blood money to attack Indians  Wikileaks Israel is gradually relinquishing the rule of law and becoming a tribe The killing of an Arab is immediately associated with the Middle Eastern reality. A demand for restraint becomes living in a bubble. [...] Iran stoning case woman fainted on hearing sentence, says cellmate Israel's sex trade booming | Human trafficking in Israel rakes in more than USD billion a year, findings in annual parliamentary survey show. Was Saddam Hussein a danger to the world? No, says Hans Blix (Chilcot Inquiry) Most Israelis have been brainwashed to the point where they are beyond reason and prefer to live with the fear of annihilation (fear planted and nourished in them by Zionist propaganda) rather than the comfort of peace and security. Pakistan plane crashes in Islamabad  CENTRAL/S. ASIA  Al Jazeera English UN declares clean water a 'fundamental human right' Leaked documents from the Afghanistan war appear to confirm that Australian forces are backing a local war lord who has been extorting money from NATO convoys carrying supplies to Coalition forces. AntiUS Protestors Arrested At Base In Sweden  The USA is the world's biggest and most aggressive fighting country in the world... When Sweden allows the US Air Force to come here and train, we make ourselves accessories to the USA's war crimes, activist Maja Backlund said. Is Israel a liability for the US? Life Inside A Colombian Prison...w/ pictures The publication of the war logs by WikiLeaks has sparked a new debate about Germany's involvement in the conflict. The Social Democrats are threatening to withhold support for an extension of the mission's mandate if the government does not provide answers about alleged wrongdoings. Man shows up in court to face G20 fivemetre charges, discovers they dont exist Toronto Police Chief said, the fivemetre zone around the fence is for the protection of the security barrier. When the summit ended, Chief Blair said there never was a fivemetre law! Russia's FSB can now officially warn citizens about to commit a crime by detaining them for up to 15 days. Morocco's Marijuana economy goes up in smoke as authorities clamp down on a culture that was previously acceptable About Wikileaks  There is no doubt that Obama himself, his top aides in the White House and Pentagon and the leading circles in the media were well aware of these atrocities. That makes all the more criminal the presidents decision to escalate the war in Afghanistan British Prime Minister David Cameron We cannot allow Pakistan to look both ways and promote the export of terror to India Business reporter in China is wanted by the police after he exposed insider trading in a listed firm. Wikileaks recent release of military documents included a list of afghan informants, hundreds of names, their location, and their father's names.   Lindsey Graham Is Considering Bill That Would End Birthright Citizenship An 80yearold Roman Catholic priest was found stabbed to death in his church in the city of Oaxaca, in southern Mexico Why The Shaming Of The North Korean Soccer Team Is Actually A Really Big Story Couple in custody after 8 dead babies found in plastic bags Russia boosts secret service powers Kim Jongil on the way out? He has started transferring his personal wealth to his youngest son and anointed successor. Made in China  but for how long? the looming decline of low end manufacturing in China from the Chinese perspective Ireland prepares for a fire sale of national assets to pay debts. Afghan Women Fear Their Fate Amid Taliban Negotiations Rains trigger landslide in China (amazing pic) Chinese get oiled to clean oil spill Israel cracks down on dissent ATF Agent Admits To Reporter That He Was Ordered To Let Guns Cross Into Mexico On Orders From The Justice Dept. Antigovt. protests held in Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia bans all protest and marches Happening now on Twitter  Egyptian protester raid of State Security HQ reveals a huge cache of intelligence, including sex tapes and documents relating to rendition. Britain seizes Libyabound ship carrying 100m cash. Ilan Baruch, Israeli Diplomat I can no longer represent Israel. 20yearold female police chief flees Mexico, may apply for asylum in US. Jordan rejects constitutional monarchy Saudi Arabia activists warned that ban on protests will be enforced 
In a sign that the ultraconservative kingdom is growing nervous about discontent in its midst and on its borders, Saudi Arabia's Interior Ministry warns that public demonstrations are a violation of Sharia law. China plans to track Beijing citizens through their mobiles. Government claims technology will ease transport congestion, but experts warn it could be used to control dissent
 Three schools blown up in northwest Pakistan Human Right Groups are warning that innocent black civilians are being raped and murdered by rebels in the eastern part of Libya Indian nurses in Libya refuse to return home, say economic crisis back home is worse than the political turmoil in Libya China sees over 100,000 protests per year.  Perhaps the reason that the Jasmine Revolution failed there is b/c the police are just too good at suppression. Saudis mobilise thousands of troops to quell growing revolt  Robert Fisk Gaddafi's 'tanks fire at residential areas'  In Egypt, crowd cheers newly appointed prime minister Essam Sharaf CBC News  Libyan rebels suffer heavy casualties reports British Battalion The Black Watch, On StandBy to Deploy to Libya Mexican president Calderon says WikiLeaks caused severe damage to USMexico relations Gaddafi's son in total denial Tortured By Al Qaeda In Pakistan  
Former Afghan consul general in Peshawar recounts 26 months of captivity after being kidnapped. Hours of torture, and hundreds of questions about CIA, Blackwater and the center of the drones. Eventually let go People on Twitter troll PRC security forces into closing popular shopping malls to shutdown phantom protests A Middle East Without Borders? Az Zawiyah rebels are slaughtered right now. I'm speechless. These photos are fucking amazing  from the BBC's 'Human Planet' series. In London, it will soon be illegal to lie down on the ground, give away food or drink for free or be homeless The Man Who Plowed Into A Group Of Bikers Is A Brazilian Central Banker, And He's Charged With Attempted Murder
 Ok now the Mexican drug war is interesting Mexican army soldiers caught transporting cocaine by the ton...  The Double Irish  How Companies Bypass High IncomeTax Rates in the US and UK (Graphic) A young boy directs traffic on a busy intersection in Benghazi, Libya, hoping that his new role will help stabilize the country. WARNING GRAPHIC NSFW  UNARMED women just wanting to claim their choices in the presidential election were brutally murdered by the militias and mercenaries of Gbagbo. Man filming the violence in Libya is suprised when Gaddafi's hired gunmen turns the corner and starts spraying bullets at the cameraman. ( Watch the corner of the left building near the end) Gaddafi trying to smuggle out money Indian police have detained two people after an angry mob of fired workers burned to death a senior executive of a steel factory. Indians take the whole workers struggle thing very seriously Sacked steel workers set their boss on fire Fullface veils outlawed as France spells out controversial niqab ban. Six women shot dead at protest as 'illegal' Ivorian leader clings on PFC Manning reportedly forced to strip naked for 7 hours last night Ivory Coast Power and water cut to 'those who don't believe' The former head of Britain's Secret Intelligence Service has credited WikiLeaks and other secretspilling sites with sparking the revolutions sweeping the Middle East. Apple supply chain workers in Asia fall ill again Toxic chemical nhexane is central to a new outbreak of sickness in eastern China UK facing 1970sstyle oil shock which could cost economy billions Stephen Harper (Canadian PM) trying to rebrand 'Canadian Government' for 'Stephen Harper Government' Libya revolt Rebels say no talks unless Gaddafi goes  Rebels in eastern Libya have said they will not negotiate unless Col Muammar Gaddafi quits and goes into exile.  53 peacekeepers killed in Somalia offensive One Journo with an ounce of integrity left, ended his working relationship for a filthrag. A darn good read! BBC has decided that there are no protests in Iraq In Athens, 300 nondocumented migrants, mostly from the Maghreb, have entered the 35th day of a hunger strike. Many have been taken to hospital in precomatose condition and are reaching a state of nonreversible organ failure and subsequent death Mazda recall 65,000 cars due to spiders in the fuel system Pink Floyd band member Roger Waters joins a campaign of Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) against Israel. WikiLeaks Blows The Lid Off The Sex Parties And Drug Usage Among The Saudi Royals  The full range of worldly temptations and vices are available  alcohol, drugs, sex  but strictly behind closed doors...
 Leaked classified memo Obama asking Saudi king Abdullah to arm Libyan rebels Report Gaddafi agrees to leave power if his safety is guaranteed Losing the information war  The war, she says, is being won by networks that offer real news. She praised Al Jazeera and said that it is changing peoples' minds and attitudes Hillary Clinton 21 Airlines Fined For Fixing Fees UK SAS team that were being held by rebels in Libya have been freed. Israel grouped with Iran, North Korea as world's least popular countries Facebook group calls on members to promote peaceful protest by writing 'Free Palestine' on all forms of Israeli currency. Founders hope Netanyahu 'gets the message' Israeli Cabinet Demolish all West Bank outposts built on private Palestinian land by end of 2011  Haaretz  An Israeli diplomat says his country must learn from the collapse of apartheid South Africa Egyptians find torture tools in secret police raid Israel is one of the least popular countries in the world, according to a survey conducted by Globescan for the BBC in 27 different states.   North Korea jams GPS signals in South Korea Next in line?  After arresting 63 journalists, Turkey is now blocking Blogger, claiming it's being used to pirate soccer games. Canada's PM The Nation Is Me NY Times China actively trying to prevent foreign journalists from reporting on antigovt protests Israeli police, heavily armed with automatic projectile launchers, injure 15 while razing to the ground a West Bank farming community This can't end well Zimbabwe to sell uranium to Iran China says Dalai Lama has to reincarnate Gadaffi dropping bombs on rebel forces and civilians North Korea launches cyber attacks against South The United States will put improved relations with Beijing at risk if it does not stop selling arms to Taiwan, China's Foreign Minister said on Monday [March 7, 2011]. How a British special forces team was captured by Libyan rebels U.S. Forces Take Over Key Afghan City That Will Be Retaken By Taliban When Marines Leave Libyan government claims Everything is safe. Tripoli is 100 per cent under control. What you are hearing is celebratory fireworks. People are in the streets, dancing in the square. He warned, however I would like to advise not to go there for your safety. Women on the Frontlines in Bahrain Sixty percent of the protestors are women, she says. The reason for this is that a lot of men are in jail or dead and 15yearold boys are just picked off the street and tortured. Banksy bailed out Russian dissident graffiti artists from horrific St Petersburg prison WikiLeaks cables recount how U.S. pressured allies The government of Mexico has formally asked the United States for details of the ATF operation Fast and Furious Volunteers Heading Unarmed to Take On Gaddafi It's a trip we may not return from, but there's no turning back now. Revolution or death.  During Egyptian revolution, police abandoned their posts protecting St. Catherine's Monastery (which maintains a mosque on its grounds). Bedouins stepped in to protect the monks and the monastery. Libyan rebels declare Republic of Libya has been created, Mustafa Abdul Jaleel is president, Abdul Hafid Abdul Qader Ghoga is deputy president Al Jazeera speaks with Anonymous Thugs continue to attack protestors in Cairo  While Egyptians rally for reform of social services, plainclothes thugs attack them with machetes and bricks.  Libyan rebels reported to have captured 8 members of the elite SAS and a British diplomat. HSBC threatens to move HQ from London to Hong Kong if Government does not go easy on bankers. China has mounted a huge security operation in the capital in response to renewed online calls for protests. 

 Germany's new Interior Minister Islam not part of Germany Afghan president rejects US apology over killings Since the warming of relations between Libya and Britain, officers travelled frequently to Tripoli between 2008 and 2009 to train police, and Britain has authorised the export of tear gas, crowdcontrol ammunition, smallarms ammunition and doorbreaching projectile launchers. London imam subjected to death threats for supporting evolution Former French President Jacques Chirac to stand trial
 Official France to recognize Palestinian state in September Thousands gather outside Bahrain palace Karzai Rejects U.S. Apology for Deaths of 9 Boys
 SAUDI ARABIA Protests 'contradict' Islamic law and are banned, Interior ministry declares [Updated] Marine Le Pen more popular than President Sarkozy, says French poll Here is what Gadhafi's son told CNN about what's going on in Libya. Syrias Love Revolution  Syria uprising to be led by women unable to find economically independent husbands