 How Egypt's radical rulers crush the lives and hopes of women. Women stood shoulder to shoulder with men in Tahrir Square in 2011. Now they are back on the streets, opposing a new constitution that sweeps away their rights and opens the way for girls of 13 to be married 28,000 Rivers Disappear From Chinas Maps  Over 1/2 the rivers are missing, according to 800,000 surveyors, leaving Beijing fumbling to explain why. They blame climate change. But environmentalists see it as a manifestation of headlong, illconceived development. North Korea Nukes are our country's 'life' Two men die in Shanghai after contracting strain of birdflu 'not previously known in humans' Putin orders ban on adoptions by LGBT foreign couples Scientists find evidence of nearlyextinct Sumatran rhinos in Borneo, where the species was believed to have been extinct for 20 years Land grab Israel gave less than 1% of seized West Bank to Palestinians Journalists manufactured and spread false list of pedophiles Wikileaks launches political party in Australia Australians could soon have a new political party  the Wikileaks Party  if Julian Assange's bid for official electoral status can enlist 500 members. Egypt's Jon Stewart Bassem Youssef faces arrest warrant Critics damn move as Egypt's top prosecutor orders arrest of hit TV satirist Bassem Youssef, Egypt's Jon Stewart, whose show 'alBernameg' gets over 30 million daily viewers. Iceland's Crowd Sourced Constitution Killed by Parliament GermanyGray, Overcast Germanyis the Greatest Solar Power Success Story in the World. Here's How They Did it. Germanys littleguy suppliers are destabilizing big power companies. Stuck US minesweeper cut in pieces and removed from coral reef in Phillipines Russian authorities can't beat back democracy Mikhail Gorbachev, the last Soviet leader, said Saturday that Russia will face unrest unless society is made more democratic despite President Vladimir Putin's success in cracking down on dissent. Harrowing Photo of Syrian Child Soldier Saudi Arabia 'may end' Twitter user anonymity  government asks telecom companies to look at how they can monitor or block services like Skype Online protest over Maldives' rape sentence Campaigners target islands' tourist economy after teenage victim is ordered to be flogged Maasai Furious as Plan to Lure Arabian Gulf Tourists Threatens Their Ancestral Land  Tribal leaders vow to resign official posts in protest after nomads are denied access to their pastures in Serengeti wildlife corridor to make way for Dubaibased luxury safari company HIV spreading among students in China Eiffel Tower evacuated following call threatening explosion Kuwait online activist jailed for 2 years for Twitter posts insulting the country's ruler Will Congress act to stop US support for Honduras' death squad regime? North Korea What happens if Kim Jongun acts on his threats? Natural gas extraction causing frequent quakes, property damage in northern Netherlands 'The Dutch Oil Company which is in charge of the extraction admits that the earthquakes are linked to its activities and has set up a 100millioneuro compensation fund.' b'Fox News Ripping Content Straight from the Depths of Reddit' South African musicians not featured in World Cup opening concert controlled by Fifa; threaten to have a free concert. One concert name proposed 'Fuck Fifa'. b'More suicide bombings in Russia.  ' First they lose their parents; then they're placed inside a catholic orphanage; then the German bishop Walter Mixa decides to punish them. b'Theyre Not Brainwashed, Theyre Just Miserable  What North Koreans really want.' Statistical analysis on the interlocking and complex Celtic symbols shows they're actually a written language. b'The UK Government Wants to Open Our Mail.' b'The message being is Israel is going to ban  peaceful marches, what does it consider legitimate  opposition to their occupation.' b'Afghanistan, March, 2010  The Big Picture' b'Fox News Reporter Justin Fishel Lies About Iranian Nuclear Program' b'Four men were jailed for after being found guilty of carrying out a 1.75m robbery in the first English criminal trial to be heard without a jury in 400 years. The total cost to the taxpayer of the trials is estimated to be at least 25m  more than 14x the amount stolen.' b'UK G20 police officer Delroy Smellie cleared of assault ' b'Globish the worldwide dialect of the third millennium | Lingua franca of the third millenium will be mutant version of English, simplified and stripped of AngloAmerican cultural baggage.' b'Afghan farmers die in suicide blast' It's not just the Vatican, Jehovahs Witness paedo carried out 40 years of rape b'Bombs kill 12 in Russia, days after metro attacks' b'Palestinian reporters blacklisted, accused of treason for visiting Israel ' Opposition mounts to UK's Digital Economy Bill b'The Quake  Frontline documentary on the Haiti Earthquake [Full Video]' Uganda's rebels in murderous spree  Lord's Resistance Army blamed for killing 321 in northeastern Congo b'Russian media slams the Kremlin over its handling of the subway bombings' b'The banners range from the benign to the inflammatory. We didnt share the profits, were not paying for the crisis, one sign reads...Still a third, reflecting the anarchy some have endorsed, suggests repaying the Greek government in Molotovs, not loans.' b'Arrests in China over dead babies' Bombs kill 12 in Russia's Dagestan region Serbia's parliament apologised for the 1995 killing of thousands of Bosnian Muslims in Srebrenica b'British Redditors, we have 7 days left before the Digital Economy Bill is rushed through Parliament without debate.' b'If you come to France  and something happens to you, you won't be asked for your credit card before you're rushed to the hospital. Sarkozy pokes fun at the U.S. Healthcare debate.' Corrie was killed by an Israeli bulldozer while trying to protect Palestinian homes. Her family has been met with hostility while pursuing a civil suit after calling the investigation a 'whitewash.' b'CIA  Iran capable of producing nukesnUSA  Washington Times and CIA are capable of producing lies' Sinead O'Connor writes a wonderful oped on the Irish Catholic Church's sex scandal b'Thousands of homeless people are being forced off the streets of South Africa to hide the scale of poverty there from World Cup fans.' South Korea ship 'may have hit mine' b'When you hear of innocent Afghans becoming collateral damage  don't just think of them as a number. Think of them as Human Beings. ' b'A gang of robbers have dug their way into the vault of a Parisian bank and emptied almost 200 private safes, police said.' b'Secularist Allawi defeats incumbent halfsectarian Shiite Prime Minister Maliki in Iraqi elections' Korean War mine dating back to the 195053 Korean War 'sunk' South Korean navy ship Hitmen kill 10 youths in Mexico's drughit north b'19 black widows still at large and poised to launch fresh attacks. Largescale terror campaign may be about to begin' b'When the ABC asked Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang for his reaction to the comments, there was an angry reply.nnWe express serious concern about the Australian comments, Mr Qin said.' b'British MPs call for review of arms exports after Israeli assault on GazaUK arms exports to Israel should not be used in the occupied territories.' b'Amnesty International on Tuesday challenged the Chinese authorities to reveal how many people they execute and sentence to death, as the organization published its world overview of the death penalty for 2009. ' British soldiers 'survive on spam for up to 50 days' b'China Crunch Time' b'Gao Zhisheng, Chinese human rights lawyer, is free again.' b'Sold, raped and jailed, a girl faces Afghan justice' b'Pakistan's child soldiers Children are tools to achieve God's will. And whatever comes your way, you sacrifice it.' b'Pope accused in yet ANOTHER new U.S. predator priest case' b'Gold Market Manipulation Biggest scam in the history of financial markets, in excess of $1 trillion, a matter of national security.  How is this not on the front page of every MSM outlet?! [whistleblower interview]' b'The students, ages 8 to 21, were on their way to pick up scholarships when apparent drug gang members opened fire and threw grenades after their vehicle failed to stop at a checkpoint. ' b'Canadians investigating sex abuse charges against  doctor who used electroshock therapy on gays' b'Chevron hires twelve public relations firms to discredit indigenous Indians in Ecuador...in response to $27 billion lawsuit filed against the oil giant for dumping billions of gallons of toxic waste in the Amazon between 1964 and 1990' b'The world capital of rape Jeanne and other girls were regularly tied spreadeagle and gangraped, and she soon became pregnant. The rapes continued, sometimes with sticks that tore apart her insides and left her dribbling wastes constantly.' Father of the year waterboarded daughter, 4, because she couldn't recite alphabet b'China has found another 170 tons of tainted milk powder in an emergency crackdown that has made it increasingly clear many products discovered in the countrys 2008 milk scandal were repackaged for sale instead of destroyed. ' b'Costa Rica elects for first time a woman for the presidency' b'It's revolting. After pillaging the country, they flee with their illgotten gains at the very mention of the word tax.' b'Australian arrested for antiIsrael activities lawyer  campaign by the Israeli government to silence proPalestinian foreigners' b'Tony Blairs former spin doctor Alastair Campbell breaks down during TV interview about Iraq. Declares People are not interested in the truth anymore' b'Activists uncover Japanese whale meat embezzling scandal; send evidence to prosecutors. Prosecutors charge activists with theft of a cardboard box. UN finds Japanese authorities breached their human rights.' b'A new documentary explores how worldwide fish stocks are shrinking, and warns that seafood might disappear entirely, Video about 4 minues' b'Israel banned a Palestinian geographer expert on settlements from traveling abroad for six months, citing unspecified security concerns' b'India Widows struggle mightily after a rash of farmer suicides' b'Blackwateresque private security companies are chomping at the bit for huge paydays offering their services in the reshaping of Haiti, including High Threat terminations, and dealing with worker unrest. ' Opposition leader Viktor Yanukovich claimed victory in Ukraine's presidential elections, Orange Revolution buried b'A devastating war between Israel & Hezbollah is on the horizon Israel is preparing to invade Lebanon with massive ground troops' b'Climate scepticism on the rise, BBC poll shows ' b'Iran detains 7 spies tied to USfunded radio station' b'Portuguese police foil massive attack on Spain' 2/3 of China's $2.4 trillion currency reserves are  held in dollars. If it dumped the US treasury bonds  China would trigger a collapse of the dollar, world  markets and another global recession b'Netanyahu makes every antiIran effort in Russia' b'Can robots fight our battles? The seductive vision, and hope, of those manufacturing and researching the future of military robotics.' b'ProIsrael lobby has been making a concerted effort to strengthen its presence in Europe' b'France has agreed to sell Russia an advanced warship and is considering a request from Moscow for three others' b'Still purchasing food made/processed in China?' b'Thousands pack funerals for Pakistan bomb victims' b'With tears in her eyes, she said, My husband hired three men and got me raped in front of him because I was tired of his abuse and demanded the divorce that Islam gave me a right to. He didn't even respect me as the mother of his children...I just want justice in the name of God.''' G7 nations to cancel Haiti's debt b'A woman has been tortured by her neighbours for two days and forced to eat human waste before she finally gave in and confessed to practising witchcraft.' Large explosion at a power plant in Connecticut, US causing mass casualties  'gas pipeline exploded' b'Chinas hawks demand cold war on the US' b'Why Costa Rica scores well on the happiness index' b'Is America Waging a covert war in Pakistan? [TimesOnline]' Rape on the rise in Haiti's camps  b'Police seize 1.5 tonnes of explosives in ETA Portugal cache' US of Who? Why China is no longer interested in following America's lead. b'The US Department of Justice has said that it is still not satisfied with a deal that would allow search giant Google to build a vast digital library.' Blogger describes Xinjiang as an 'internet prison' Our society is afraid of unpopular truths that accurately  but controversially describe why we're in such a big  mess. Most people don't want any trouble, so they keep  quiet. b'Chile safeguards its food export success' b'Annual immigration must be slashed by threequarters if the UK population is not to reach 70 million by 2030, a senior MP warned today.n' b'A 47yearold tribesman gathering food in a north Malaysian forest has fought off a tiger attack armed only with a rock.' b'Veiled Threats Directed against Russia U.S. Expands Missile Shield Into Black Sea' Uganda gay bill 'will be changed' b'Hitchens Has No Clothes A response to Vidal Loco' b'Haitian lawyer for jailed Americans fired  Groups other attorney says attempt was made to bribe their way out' b'Two Swedish military officers and a local interpreter killed in Afghanistan' b'Bleak Portrait of Haiti Orphanages Raises Fears' b'My theoretical grasp of the workings of the universe makes voodoo sound like an evidencebased discipline.' b'Foreign student visas to be cut by UK' b'From a Calcutta brothel to a New York university' b'No bailout  Russians get cheaper vodka instead. Government to cut alcohol taxes in half to help ease the citizens pain.' the other holocaust Where's the gypsies' country? b'BBC refuses airtime to Gaza aid appeal' Fidel Castro I don't expect to last beyond Barack Obama's first term President Obama 'orders Pakistan drone attacks' b'Unbelieveable.  Israeli PM Olmert says he wept after hearing a Palestinian father call for help after his children were killed in the Gaza offensive.' b'New York, once the financial capital of the world, is no longer even the financial capital of the U.S. That honor [now] falls on Washington D.C. Nouriel Roubini' b'Colorado's highest paid police officer Didn't I tell you guys that sometimes the police lie? Didn't I tell you guys that? If I didn't, there you go.' b'British broadcasters refuse to air Gaza charity appeal' b'Suspected U.S. Missile Strikes Kill at Least 20 in Pakistan' Israel's new natural gas bonanza  a massive estimated 3 trillion cubic feet. But no so fast. Lebanon is staking its claim, saying that the natural gas reserve also belongs to them b'Rumors U.S. to Nationalize Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp' b'Israel withdraws from Gaza as evidence of war crimes emerges' If You Seek Amy...FUCK Me  Britney Spears' clever attempt to piss people off is working b'UN shocked by destruction of Gaza' b'Palestinian Rival Says It Is Under Attack by Hamas' b'Gaza  Map of Bombing Intensity & Casualties, Dec. 27 12 Jan, 2009 [PIC+PDF]' b'Icelandic PM steps down  elections in May' b'UK is now in recession for the first time since 1991.' b'Iceland to hold early election after prime minister quits' b'Marking the Jewish Holocaust while a Palestinian Holocaust is taking place is not right' b'Kuwait orders nuclear emergency pills' b'The story of Maria Aman Court denies residency to Palestinian Child paralyzed in Israeli attack that killed three members of her family' b'Congo, Rwanda Forces Arrest Congo Rebel Leader Nkunda' as if Britain didn't have enough problems  now council chiefs are sending heat detector vans out... to snoop on 'heat wasters' ! b'UN human rights official Richard Falk (who is Jewish) Gaza evokes memories of Warsaw Ghetto; dismisses Israel's argument that the assault was for selfdefense. Israel labels him Israel hater.' b'Israeli forces arrest seven children in West Bank for throwing stones at the separation barrier.  Two of the children are only 12 years old; two are 13; two are aged 15; and the seventh is 17.' b'Indian children are having limbs cut off to make money for evil gangs who deliberately cripple children for profit !' b'Israel Has Fewer Friends Than Ever, Even In America' b'Danish mother of African origin charged with genital mutilation in the female circumcision of two daughters' b'Brazilian amputee model dead at 20' Why I'm boycotting Israeli produce Soldiers told Gaza mother she had to choose five of her children to 'give as a gift to Israel.' b'Fairly Traded Extra Virgin Olive Oil from Palestine' b'Israeli Right Wing Set to Win Elections on Back of War' b'ITV breaks with BBC in Gaza row  BBC reporting their own unwillingness to run Gaza appeal' b'Angry and Illegal Facebook users leak names of accused underage murderers' b'INDIA Father and Son Convicted in Honor Killing of 5MonthPregnant Teen' b'Pakistan declares murder to protect a womans honour as no crime. ' b'Ebola may have passed from a pig to a human!' b'Children of Gaza stories of those who died and the trauma for those who survived' b'Pak urges Obama to halt missile attacks on alQaida strongholdsPakistanWorldThe Times of India' b'PakistanWomen in every third household face domestic violence' b'Security experts skeptical on Gitmo detainee report.' An Israeli air strike flattened one of Gaza's best private educational institutions, the American International School  b'Iceland Angry protests over economy force early elections' EU broadens sanctions on allies of Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe b'Second Danish bank bailout in four months' b'Stephen Shalom  Q and A on Gaza MUST READ!' Cholera spreads in Zimbabwe. Didn't Mugabe have this under control? b'Top Israeli officers warned against traveling in Europe because of the danger they might be arrested for war crimes. ' Father 'I watched an Israeli soldier shoot dead my two little girls' b'Riots in Iceland this very moment, live translations' b'International arrest warrants published for alleged Israeli war criminals' b'Amnesty International accuses Israel of war crimes in Gaza' b'If Israel ignores the U.N. laws on weapons use, then should the world ignore the U.N. laws that created Israel?' b'Israel admits troops may have used phosphorus shells in Gaza' b'Should the US Pull the Plug on Israel?' b'UN torture investigator calls on Obama to charge Bush for Guantanamo abuses' b'Collective Punishment (A War Crime) Continues Israel Denies Medical Teams, Food Supplies Entry to Gaza' b'Israeli High Court Overturns Ban on Arab Parties' b'Exposed Aftermath in Gaza Massacre  Aljazeera' b'Chomsky on Gaza' b'Israeli Bombs Meant to Send Gaza Back Decades' b'Bush gets booed as he hears Hail to the Chief one last time for him!  Priceless!' b'Israel used Gaza as a testing ground for a new, extremely nasty type of explosive ' b'Blind and burnt Mahmoud, 14, young victim of banned white phosphorus shelling' b'Starbucks smashed and looted as antiIsrael protests turn to violence  Telegraph' b'They used these weird bombs that put up smoke like a mushroom cloud...pieces of the bombs exploded into large fires that continued to burn on the skin even after people dumped water on the burns' b'Company Constructing Israel Light Rail Loses Swedish Contract This is clearly another sign of the importance for commercial actors not to have their brand associated to unethical behaviour' b'... no serious injuries or significant property damage ... Not a single arrest ... USA! USA!' b'Israeli soldiers abduct four Palestinians near Nablus' b'Terror cell might have wiped itself out with black death' b'Sweden to allow gay marriage in May' b'Overseas, Expectations Build for Torture Prosecutions' b'Huh? The NYTimes publishes an OpEd by Libyan leader Muammar Qaddafi.  Strangely, it actually makes sense  The OneState Solution' b'Outcry Erupts Over Reports That Israel Used Phosphorus Arms on Gazans' b'Israeli court overturns ban on Arab political parties. Bigots struggle with outcome' b'Naomi Klein responds to criticism of her call for a boycott of Israel' b'Two young girls shot dead; a third  4 years old  shot and suffered critical spinal injuries, may never walk again. One by one, slowly. This is the Israeli army in action.' b'Heartwarming video of 7/7 survivor speaking on the erosion of UK civil liberties' b'Zionism is not merely a political movement, but in its essence represents a deeply disturbed view of the world, which is a reflection of a terrible disease of the mind.' b'Israeli soldier shot dead my two little daughters after ordering them to leave their home' b'Phosphorus shells hit Gaza UN school' b'I certainly believe that the Jews deserve their own state. But my feelings are about a hundred times stronger that Native Americans deserve THEIR own state, too.' b'Olbermann BushedBush and Rumsfeld investigated by UN for torture' b'Greece Relatively conservative local residents of Larissa form human shield, preventing riot police charge on demonstrators.' b'Death penalty over Chinese milk scandal!!' b'Greenwald schools Atlantic writer and Glenn (Instapundit) Reynolds on the basics about Guantanamo legal issues' b'Children Buried Alive in the Amazon' b'Obama orders Guantanamo closure' Chinese Don't Fuck Around Death Sentences in Chinese Milk Case b'Teargas released at Austurvollur  first time since 1949 that teargas is released in Iceland' b'Britain will go bankrupt  learn Chinese and move to China, says investment guru' b'Israelis donate food, clothes to Gazans' b'21 MustKnow Facts about Iraq + Map' b'Congress Stops Second Bailout  Where was Congress in the last 8 Years.' b'We were not expecting such a quick call from President Obama, but we knew how serious he is about the Palestinian problem,' b'9/11 Families Outraged by Obama Call to Suspend Guantanamo War Crimes Trials  FOXNEWS up to no good  ' b'British squatters new home  30million Park Lane mansions !' b'David Attenborough reveals creationist hate mail for not crediting God' b'Israel admits to using White Phosphorus in Gaza' Bolivians yesterday approved a new constitution granting more power to the country's indigenous majority and rolling back half a millennium of colonialism, discrimination and humiliation.  Israeli army rabbi 'gave out hate leaflet to troops entering Gaza' b'Leningrad Siege Now and Then [PIC]' b'Jacques Monin The British are obsessed with money, drowning in debt and morally bankrupt' b'U.N. At least 230,000 civilians are trapped directly in the path of the fighting in Sri Lanka's campaign against the Tamil Tigers.' Hundreds of ciitzens killed in warzone, but unable to leave as army attacks.  This isn't Gaza so who cares? b'Rumor The word on the street here in Iceland is that Jhanna Sigurardttir will be appointed the next prime minister. If so she will become the first openly homosexual head of government. ' 60 Minutes Is Israel's free ride almost over? | The Smirking Chimp b'Gaza Horror Updated Large Photo Gallery of Gaza Massacre by Israel ' b'The UN Crime and Drug Watchdog Has Indications That Money Made in Illicit Drug Trade Has Been Used to Keep Banks Afloat in the Global Financial Crisis' b'Proposed U.K. Legislation wipe out the personal privacy of everyone in Britain at a single stroke' b'War on Gaza is pushing the Mid East, from the Israelis to the Saudis, to extremes. Saudis and Iranians are considering allying in response to the strikes' The Torture Ban that Doesn't Ban Torture b'London Police Running from Muslim Protesters' b'Border Bombing, Air Strikes Mar Gaza Truce' 'Two killed' in Gaza border clash i'm not sure if i'm more surprised that 1b people are using the internet or that the other 5b aren't b'Left to die Thai army was operating a dumpatsea policy  one Thai military source, after extensive questioning, on treatment of refugees.' b'Dont get taken alive, Israeli soldiers told' b'Auschwitz decays  Former death camp crumbling away for lack of funding' b'Four generations of an Icelandic family had lost everything and wanted help to build a gallows in front of the parliament building so a member of the family could hang himself in public' b'Gaza fund donations double after TV channels broadcast appeal' Susan Solomon, one of the world's top climate scientists, finds in her new study that global warming is now irreversible b'Al Jazeera has obtained exclusive footage that appears to show Nigerian security forces ordering a number of people to lie in the road and then shooting them at close range. ' b'Drugrelated violence is once again on the rise in Latin America. Former Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso, 78, told SPIEGEL that the drug war has failed and that it is time to try a new strategy decriminalization.' b'They knew The UK government has just lost their Court of Appeal case, and the judges have ruled that they must publish this incriminating information relating to the torture of a UK resident, so here it is (scroll down on page).' b'Austrian millionaire gives away fortune which made him miserable ' b'Operation Titstorm Anonymous target internet censorship in Australia bringing down government servers' b'True Snowpocalypse Worsening Crisis in Mongolia  Herd animal losses are mounting, now at over 1.85 million affecting some 180,000 families (720,000 people approximately).' b'Survey finds that 42% of Britons would emigrate if they could' b'British soldiers having fun in Spain Diners said they were held by up to four men at a time while the others punched, kicked and threw tables and bottles at them.' b'On the playing field before them, about 60,000 people did wild synchronizedgymnastics routines. The 15 of us who made up the audience watched from a marble dais. We were the only spectators. Fifteen audience members for a 100,000man extravaganza.  Vice Guide to North Korea.' b'Israeli warplanes have hit southern Gaza with missiles in response to rocket fire from Hamas, airport disused' Binyam Mohamed torture evidence must be revealed, judges rule  High court ruling compels British government to disclose what MI5 and MI6 knew of refugee's treatment in Guantnamo Bay b'Honda issues global airbags recall defective airbags can overinflate and burst, spraying potentially deadly metal shards' This is about the war we made in Gaza, and what it did to Israel. This is about how Israel's conduct of the war has done more damage to the Jewish state than all the thousands and thousands of Palestinian rockets and mortar shells put together Iran's Feb. 11 surprise A generation in denial Millions face retirement poverty because they've remortgaged their homes and saved too littlenn b'From sabotaging loudspeakers to circumventing Internet firewalls, Jason Shamswho spent months fighting in the streets of Tehranreveals some of the underground machinery that fuels the protests.  The Daily Beast' b'Terrifying ordeal for passengers stranded between floors after a lift broke as they were descending in the Burj Khalifa tower, the worlds tallest building' b'One misses the days when those working for peace and standing up for wars victims were merely pinkocommie queers. Now, theyre antiSemites' b'Iran suspends gmail access for the nation' b'Today the British government lost its appeal  In 2002 a British subject by the name of Binyam Mohamed was arrested in Pakistan.  He is the man who claims he was tortured by a scalpel slicing his genitals' b'Helmand Vice Majority of Afghan police fail British drug test' The proRussia Viktor Yanukovych has won Ukraine's presidential election Israel's Answer to War Crimes? Better Marketing b'Iran blocks Gmail permanently in favor of a staterun email system.' Second stage of Haiti's medical emergency has begun, with diarrheal illnesses, acute respiratory infections and malnutrition beginning to claim lives by the dozen b'Dear Reddit, please give this some attention Conflict and humanitarian crisis in the Democratic Republic of Congo have taken the lives of 5.4 million people since 1998 and continue to leave as many as 45,000 dead every month' Russia scraps plan to deploy nuclearcapable missiles in Kaliningrad. Move comes after Barack Obama administration says it will review Pentagon's proposed defence shield in central Europe  b'5 countries on the verge of following Iceland to economic ruin' Brainwashed Don't Trust U.S. Mainstream News b'Israeli settlements expanded faster in 2008' b'Israeli troops killed Gaza children carrying white flag, witnesses say ' b'A federal judge says being a cook for the Taliban is reason enough for the U.S. military to hold a Yemen man as an enemy combatant at Guantanamo Bay.' b'Peanut Processor Knowingly Sold Tainted Products It Found Salmonella 12 Times in the last 2 years alone.' b'Ministers Have Been Ordered To Release Minutes Of The Cabinet Meetings Which Discussed The 2003 Invasion Of Iraq' Obama's $30 Billion Pledge to Israel at AIPAC b'Footage of Gaza villages literally wiped off the map.' b'Obama, come to Israel. Be a true friend. Save us from ourselves! ... Touching message from an Israeli woman to Obama ' Israeli soldiers leave racist graffiti on Gaza homes 'Death to Arabs,' 'One down, 999,999 to go,' 'Make war not peace,' 'Die you all.' b'Iranian leader Ahmadinejad demands US apology for past US crimes' b'CIA Station Chief In Algeria Accused Of Raping At Least 2 Muslim Women' UN official urges an investigation into Israel's apparent contraventions of international law, including direct attacks on U.N. personnel and facilities b'3,000 Dead As Cholera Crisis In Zimbabwe Worsens' b'At border crossing, drivers and truckloads of aid for Gaza go nowhere.  ' b'UK Government must release cabinet minutes on leadup to Iraq war' 'We are farmers. We are not resistance' And 29 were killed.  b'We never used to accept that our foreign policy ever had any effect on terrorism, he said. Well, that was clearly bollocks.' b' LA Jews Shut Down Israeli Consulate to Protest Siege on Gaza jan 14 2009 ' b'Stephen Hawking talks about Gaza solution ' ICRC 'Crisis unfolding' in Sri Lanka b'Israeli strikes leave Blair project with 140m repairs' South Korea ferry carrying 350 sinking. Several armoured personnel carriers have reportedly entered the eastern Ukrainian town of Slaviansk, with the lead vehicle showing the Russian flag U.S. drone strike kills New Zealander, Australian in Yemen China's president urges greater militarization of space Brunei's new law permits stoning gay people to death Spanish judge defies pressure to scrap Guantanamo torture case against Bush | The Raw Story Combat Vehicles in East Ukraine Switching Sides Swiss president greeted with Danish flag in Ukraine Switzerland pushes for minimum wage of $25 per hour, maximum in the world SARS French scientists lose 2,300 samples of potentially deadly virus A majority of Ukrainiansin all regionscondemn the deployment of Russian troops in Ukraine (93 percent of people in the west and center held this opinion, 73 percent in the South, and 68 percent in the East). Ukraine says it reclaimed airport seized by proRussia separatists 5 Dead in Calgary's Worst Ever Mass Murder Greece's Golden Dawn party describes Hitler as 'great personality' Cementing its credentials as an unapologetic neonazi force, Greece's increasingly combative Golden Dawn party has hailed Hitler as a great personality and denounced homosexuality as a sickness. Ukraine troops blocked in Kramatorsk as tension rises Jordanian air force fighter jets have destroyed an undetermined number of vehicles trying to enter the kingdom by crossing the border from wartorn Syria. Ukraine crisis NATO to bolster forces in eastern Europe | World news Citizen scientists prepare to test West Coast for Fukushima radiation Six Kiev's APCs sent to Kramatorsk join forces with antiMaidan activists  eyewitness Ukraine pushes tanks and troops into separatist east Japan population drops for third year straight; 25% are elderly 'We Will Shoot Back' All Eyes on Russia as Ukraine Begins Offensive in East Ukraine Says Russian Forces Among Separatists as Battles Ensue N Korea formally complains over British barber's Kim Jong Un poster German Law Professors Are Rebelling Against Their Country's Drug Laws b'Blair acknowledged that Israel was part of the equation on invading Iraq, and that the Israeli government was being actively consulted in the planning for the war' b'Students interrupted Israel ambassador's lecture at Irving University in LA over 10 times, shouting killers and how many Palestinians did you kill? 12 arrested' Goldman Sachs helped the Greek government to mask the true extent of its deficit with the help of a derivatives deal that legally circumvented the EU Maastricht deficit rules. At some point the socalled cross currency swaps will mature, and swell the country's already bloated deficit. Shame and Fear  Inside Germany's Catholic Sexual Abuse Scandal.  Close to 100 priests and members of the laity have been suspected of abuse in recent years. After years of suppression, the wall of silence appears to be crumbling. b'Victorian Time Capsule Found in Britain.' b'Haitian man found alive in rubble 4 weeks after earthquake' b'Saudi girl, 12, wants to divorce husband, 80.' b'Cows now outnumber humans in New Zealand. This sucks. Sheep jokes were much funnier. ' b'China jails activist who investigated deaths of children in schools destroyed by Sichuan earthquake' b'When it Rains, it Pours Toyota Recalls 437K More Worldwide, This Time Over Brake System Software Failure' Blair used 'Sovietstyle' propaganda nFrench govt. accused British PM of propaganda in runup to Iraq war. Iran has asked the UN nuclear agency to oversee it's uranium enrichment b'Showoff French philosopher BHL is a laughing stock after citing spoof fictional philosopher' b'In its attempt to fool regulators, the company is understood to have developed software that would display acceptablelooking readouts on screens whenever inspectors from the Transport Ministry came to observe the testing procedures.  Good job developer !' b'Indian Government not to allow cultivation of genetically modified Brinjal, for now.' b'China sentences earthquake activist to five years in prison  for alleged email comments about the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown' Italy says dozens of members of Iran's hardline religious Basij militia have tried to attack its embassy in Tehran, but Iranian media described the incident as a student protest and did not mention any violence. b'Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Monday that Iran is set to deliver a punch that will stun world powers this week' b'Supporters of the Iranian Government attacked the Italian Embassy Death to Italy, Death to Berlusconi' b'Venezuela  Electricity emergency declared by President Chavez while inaugurating his new radio talkshow' b'Slippery Jack Straw leaves Iraq Inquiry grasping for answers' b'Iran FM Israel is a crazy country run by crazy people' Italy said dozens of members of Iran's hardline religious Basij militia had tried to attack its embassy in Tehran on Tuesday, but Iranian media described the incident as a student protest and did not mention any violence. Hugo Chvez's new radio show will not appear on any listings and will pounce without warning, day or night, on to the airwaves first a harp playing folk music, then a familiar voice. b'Obama considered labeling the Christmas Bomber as an Enemy Combatant' b'Israeli soldiers accused of war crimes will be given state protection from prosecution overseas' b'Unseen Gaza  new British Channel4 documentary, with John Snow. Will be of interest to reddit [vid]' b'A US citizen caused delays to a Turkish Airlines flight between Istanbul and New York after complaining that there were Arabtypes on board. ' b'Can someone please tell me why the people of Darfur matter less than the people of Gaza?' Vatican condems Obama's move to restore US funding for family planning clinics abroad that give advice on or carry out abortions b'Embedded with Gaza medics.  We get shot on our way to rescue people. (France 24 news) [Video]' b'Descriptions of a few messed up civilian police killings due to the war on drugs.' b'Smuggler Caught With Heads of 353 African Gray Parrots' b'US TV crew in Gaza One had to wonder what reception a TV crew from an Arabic network (alJazeera for example) would find if they entered an American home blown apart by an Islamic army' b'France will offer all 18yearolds a free daily copy of the newspaper of their choice,' b'Any Israeli soldiers accused of war crimes in the Gaza Strip will be given state protection ... said Israeli PM' b'Tony Benn sneaks in an appeal for Gaza on the BBC  Thank you Tony Benn!' Hamas to pay out money to victims of Gaza war.  What were Israel's goals here?  Because it seems to me that Hamas is just gaining more support. b'Red Cross Nightmare scenario unfolding in cholerastricken Zimbabwe  50,000 cases and 3,000 deaths!' b'Not So Cool Facts About Israel' b'Scenes from Gaza ... Palestinian Rawan Abu Taber, 4, wounded during the Israeli military operations, screams in pain as doctors change bandages to her severe burns' b'News Blackout Iranian weapons ship in US control' b'Israel to shield Gaza war soldiers' b'Icelandic Minister of Commerce steps down  effective immediately' b'Mexico Man admits dissolving 300 bodies ' b'New lingua franca upsets French' b'The conflict in northern Pakistan Why we are bombing the hell out of them.' b'Protests escalating again in Iceland, now against the Central Bank' b'Mugabes troops close schools' b'More change Obama administration warns public to expect rise in US casualties' Putin admits Russian forces were deployed to Crimea. Jimmy Carter and Nobel Laureates Urge President Obama to reject the Keystone XL Pipeline History will reflect on this moment... Ukraine submits proof of Russian covert action Putin Asserts Right to Use Force in Eastern Ukraine  '[He] stressed Russias historical claim to the territory, repeatedly referring to it as new Russia' Ukrainian Oligarch Offers $10k for Each Captured Russian Invader Donetsk ProRussians Order Jews to 'Register or be Deported' for Supporting Kiev Rule Kim Dotcom can have seized assets returned  New Zealand High Court Putin Russia may invade Ukraine to protect locals Kiev says Russian males aged 1660 banned from entering Ukraine 300 people attacked a Ukrainian military base in the country's southeast on Thursday Ukrainian military surrounded by proRussians Snowden asks Putin Does Russia intercept millions of citizens data? Crimeans find their new lives in Russia harder than expected Russia Economy Worsens Even Before Sanctions Hit With inflation rising, growth stagnating, the ruble and stock market plunging, and billions in capital fleeing the country for safety, the economy is teetering on the edge of recession, as the countrys minister of economic development acknowledged West Slams Russia 'Fantasy Narrative' on Ukraine Western countries on the Security Council said the new report undermines Russia's claims about the events that led to its recent annexation of Crimea, and they warned of a similar situation unfolding now Vkontakte Founder Russia Wanted Personal Data of Euromaidan Protesters S. Korean Ferry Captain Was One of the First Off the Sinking Ship I cant raise my face before the passengers and family members of the missing, he said. Students kidnapped by suspected Islamic militants in Nigeria are freed $10,000 for separatist head and $1,000 for the machinegun  the reward promised by the governor of Dnipropetrovsk region Iranian Officials and Bankers Warn Russia Not to Dismiss U.S. Sanctions Threat A labor group says a strike at the world's biggest athletic shoe maker is snowballing, with about 30,000 of its Chinese workers protesting over insufficient benefits Moldovas Breakaway Region Asks Putin to Recognize Sovereignty Obama warns of consequences for Russian actions destabilizing Ukraine Canadian arrested for Heartbleed hacking Ukrainian Parliament Recommends Resumption Of Mandatory Conscription Hackings Stunning Victim List  
Scotland Yard has a list of 3,870 people whose phones were tapped. From the schoolboy killer to Prince William, the scandal's huge scope. Hungary Introduces 'Fat Tax'  In an effort to address rising obesity rates and health care costs, Hungary on Thursday implemented a law imposing special taxes on foods with high fat, salt and sugar content. The move comes as other European countries also consider policies to fight obesity.  Turkey Cuts Military Ties with Israel and Expels Israeli Ambassador New Zealand's Copyright Amendment Act went into effect today at midnight; anyone caught downloading copyrighted content illegally could face fines of up to $15,000 and have their Internet cut off UN Peacekeepers Traded Food for Sex  A random poll of 10 underage girls by aid group Save The Children U.K. in 2009 found that eight performed sexual acts for Benin peacekeepers on a regular basis in order to secure their most basic needs. Wikileaks released ALL US diplomatic cables Libyan Rebels round up black Africans Canadian Court Sides With Online Anonymity Internet can destroy Communist control over China, party supporters fear
 Wikileaks cable UN peacekeepers in Ivory Coast traded food for sex with underage girls; are barred from serving in the UN following investigation  Wikileaks Releases Entire 65 Gigabyte Uncensored Cablegate Archive (With Or Without Bank Of America Disclosure) Rupert Murdoch receives $12.5m bonus Indian and Pakistani troops exchange fire
 Turkey expels Israel envoy after Gaza flotilla report, freezes military ties Speaking to reporters, Turkish FM says Anakra disagrees with Palmer Commission report's support of Israel's blockade of Gaza, intends to aid Turkish families of Gaza flotilla raid to file suit against Israel. WikiLeaks MPAA behind Aussie ISP lawsuit (but don't tell anybody) Mexican journalists found dead in Mexico City Speculating with Lives How Global Investors Make Money Out of Hunger EU agrees Syrian oil import ban 'Sleeping gas' thieves target superrich at Italian billionaires' resort U.N. Report Finds Israeli Blockade Legal but Raid Flawed  NYTimes.com Germany's Bundesbank has issued a thundering denunciation of Europe's rescue policies and actions by the European Central Bank, alleging that EU treaty law has been completely gutted.
 Russia, in swift aboutface, recognizes Libyan rebels The Kremlin opposed NATO's air war and called for negotiations between the rebels and Qaddafi. But its concern about keeping billiondollar contracts with Libya seems to have caused the switch. Muammar Gaddafi urges followers to turn Libya 'into a hell' China's village of the bachelors no wives in sight in remote settlement  Surplus of males caused by preference for sons means poor subsistence farmers have no chance of finding a mate
 More arrests in Rupert Murdoch phone hacking scandal
 b'Amazing '60 Minutes' piece gives Israel 3 options ethnic cleansing, apartheid, or democracy. The two state solution is dead.' b'Two more critics of Vladimir Putin take bullets in the head.' b'Israeli troops shot and killed zoo animals' It's time we face the bitter truth Israel is not a free country but a militant state overrun by religious extremists not too dissimilar to other countries in the Middle East British actress Samanta Morton I won't work for BBC again after their refusal to broadcast Gaza appeal b'Ongoing protests continue as BBC still refusing to air a charity appeal for aid to Gaza.' b'Single woman in Morocco, a moderate Muslim country' b'Netanyahu would let West Bank settlements expand' b'I have covered earthquakes, hurricanes, and the tsunami and what has happened here is as bad or worse than anything I've seen in any of those. And this was done by Israeli bulldozers.' b'Extreme porn becomes illegal in the UK' b'New Zealand dude buys US Army secrets at thrift shop in Oklahoma.' b'Bolivia Evo nationalizes foreign gas company on eve of constitutional vote' b'American viewership of AlJazeera English rose dramatically during the IsraelHamas war' b'Gaza appeal the BBC refused to air' b'We have the capability to take the world down with us. And I can assure you that that this will happen before Israel goes under.' b'YouTube  Not so cool facts about Israel  RELOADED' b'Now go, attack Gaza and totally destroy everything. Do not spare them; put to death men and women, children and infants, cattle and sheep, camels and donkeys.' ' b'Sky News Joins BBC in Refusal to Broadcast Gaza Appeal' If Israel wants to weaken Hamas' popularity in Gaza, it's going to have to do something to match the $52 million Hamas is handing out to bereaved Palestinians. The Thai government is towing Burmese refugee boats out to sea and abandoning them. Since it's a crime to insult the King of Thailand, here's a felony for you Fuck off King of Thailand! Israeli human rights group Yesh Din calls for the dismissal of Israel's chief military chaplain for distributing a booklet that may have encouraged soldiers to break international law. Not the first time the military rabbis have shown true colors 'The best of the Gentiles you should kill.', Rabbi Abraham Avidan, 1973 b'Pakistan Warns Obama to Halt Attacks' b'BBC chief Mark Thompson holds talks in Jerusalem with Ariel Sharon 2005.  Impartial?' Iceland's government has formally collapsed. The Canadian Cannabis laws have been declared invalid, in 90 days it will be fully re legalized. Bolivia is drawing up a draft UN treaty which would give Mother Earth the same rights as humans, including the right to life, to pure water and clean air.
 The clatter of helicopter blades echoed across the jungles of northwestern Ecuador...The police had received a tip that a gang of Colombian drug smugglers had set up a clandestine work site here...And whatever the traffickers were building, the tipster had warned, was truly enormous. Susan Manning calls on British foreign secretary to check her son's physical and mental health in maximum security custody New Zealand's trying to pass a previously rejected threestrikes Internet disconnection law by attaching it to legislation dealing with the earthquakes in Christchurch. US WikiLeaks Suspect Bradley Manning's Jail 
Conditions Criticized By Germany's Parliament Rebels Hijack Gadhafi's Phone Network MEXICO 39 killed in Ciudad Juarez in four days WikiLeaks Bradley Manning treatment may be 
'illegal and unconstitutional' The scam was not complicated. Coins taken out of 
circulation are destroyed and sold as scrap metal. 
Often, however, one and two euro coins are merely 
split in two. A group in China would simply 
reassemble the coins. Hugh Grant wears wire to turn tables on journalist about Phonehacking Syria Thousands come out to protest imprisonment of hundreds of Syrian men arrested by authorities in recent days Armenian nuclear power plant still operating with out containment structures, just like Chernobyl.  And it sits on some of Earth's most earthquakeprone terrain MEXICO  Mexican investigators have found a total of 116 bodies in pits near the U.S. border, 28 more than previously reported Israeli Foreign Minister Lieberman faces corruption charges Libyan rebels 10,000 people killed by proGadhafi forces, 30,000 wounded, 20,000 missing Nokia will lay off up to 6,000 next week  Microsoft partnership more takeover than deal Governor of Santa Cruz, Bolivia was shot after attempting to stop a mugging British Banker Dies in Plunge from Singapore Hotel Rooftop Bar. North Korean leader Kim Jongil is unlikely to bow to pressure to surrender his nuclear capability because he believes it is vital for 'regime survival,' the U.S. commander in South Korea said on Tuesday [12 April 2011]. Indonesian clinic touts smoking as cancer cure  The 'treatment' for the emphysema sufferer includes the blowing of smoke from 'divine cigarettes' infused with 'nanotechnology' to remove their cancercausing 'free radicals, through a tube into her diseased lungs. Japan's crisis one month later In new protest, Syrian women block main highway  Oil above $122 Pressure at fukushima reactor vessel 1 at around 10bars (quite a lot) and rising U.N. diplomat charged with investigating claims of torture is denied private meeting with WikiLeaks suspect Bradley Manning The burka is already banned in Turkey and banned in Syrian universities. Are these countries with predominantly Muslim populations 'racist' and Islamophobic for banning the burka? Japan to raise Fukushima crisis level from 5 to 7, the worst on the international scale. University students film tsunami striking Nakatsugawa City  (Caution Advised) The Netherlands is demanding fluency of their official language for citizenship. Syrian soldiers shot for refusing to fire on peaceful protesters Egyptian blogger found guilty by military of insulting the military and of publishing false news. He is sentenced to 3 years. The lawyers were not present, the verdict was handed out almost in secret It's official Fukushima 1 is a Level 7 disaster  How Iceland broke the rules and got away with it Pakistan has demanded that the United States steeply reduce the number of Central Intelligence Agency operatives and Special Operations forces working in Pakistan, and that it put on hold C.I.A. drone strikes aimed at militants in northwest Pakistan, a sign of the near collapse of cooperation  U.N. expert frustrated with U.S. over WikiLeaks soldier  Palestinian institutions ready for statehood U.N. Fukushima reactor #4 is on fire (it's a new one) Bolivia grants rights to nature Atomic Deserts A Survey of the World's Radioactive NoGo Zones Mass Graves Found in Mexico  BBC Japan Prepares To Raise Level Of Nuke Crisis To The Most Severe  The government is also expected to expand the evacuation zone  both signs that the crisis is getting worse, not better.

 This is what history looks like in Mexico Mubarak hospitalized by heart attack Priceless Egyptian Treasures Returned Syrian security forces attack village Witnesses says Syrian security forces opened fire indiscriminately on villagers in Baida Pakistan asks US to stop drone raids, cut CIA operations Syrian opposition says 200 killed in protests  
Assad's security forces crack down on prodemocracy protesters; Syrian rights group petitions Arab League to impose sanctions. I am frustrated by my lack of access to Bradley E. 
Manning, says the UN Special Rapporteur on 
Torture the poor simply do not exist in the mental map of the wealthy.  Running out of real estate in Brazil's slums. Antiporn MP caught surfing sex websites during parliament MIT NSE Nuclear Information Hub  this is the only source I've seen reFukushima that seems at all reliable.  Please upvote so everyone can see. Canada's New Democratic Party promises national broadband and net neutrality French police arrested two veiled women just hours after the country's new ban on wearing the burka in public came into force Ghost cities in China so surreal  Another earthquake in Japan at 7.1 magnitude All countries, including Ireland, should hold a referendum on bank bailouts. The reckless lending of private financial institutions in Ireland is being turned into public debt without a public debate  Interview with Icelandic MP Legal scholars attack 'degrading' treatment of WikiLeaks soldier France starts implementing burka ban An explosion has ripped through a subway station in the centre of the Belarusian capital, Minsk Rupert Murdoch's flagship tabloid British Sunday admits to hacking phones of royal family's household staff, politicians, celebrities, athletes Dubai Police came to take him at 330am Arab League to ask UN to implement nofly zone over Gaza RoundupReady Crops May Be Causing Animal Miscarriages and Infertility Former rugby player who took an axe to the men who gangraped his daughter doesn't actually have a daughter Ivory Coast French soldiers 'hand Gbagbo to rebels' UN rights expert denied WikiLeaks suspect visit Voters in Iceland rejected deal to repay Britain and the Netherlands $5billion for their citizens' deposits in failed online bank. From Moscow to Mecca As this part of Russias empire frays, fundamentalist Islam takes a stronger hold  Vancouver radiation tests show iodine131 in rainwater at almost 100 times above US drinking water limit. Indonesia antiporn MP quits for watching porn Bolivia is set to pass the world's first laws granting all nature equal rights to humans  The Law of Mother Earth Japan Fails to Stop Radioactive Discharge Into Ocean FBI destroyed thousands of UFO reports, 1949 memo reveals Radiation risks from Fukushima no longer negligible. Something bad happened at the Fukushima power plant in the last 48 hours... Murdoch faces flood of hacking claims  could face criminal charges A massive Russian cargo plane roared into Atlanta on Friday to pick up one of the worlds largest concrete pumps, which has been retrofitted to pour water on a Japanese nuclear power plant stricken by an earthquake and tsunami.(pic)

 Icelanders reject debt repayment plan  Those hero Japanese workers at the stricken nuclear power plant? Day labor, Temp workers...  Rupert Murdoch to be implicated?  Please, let it be so! Police in Northern Ireland have said that a 500lb bomb left in a van may have been destined for a town centre. Mexican drug cartels targeting and killing children  Is this what winning the war on drugs looks like? UK and Netherlands to sue Iceland over lost deposits Fukushima gov. slams TEPCO, govt for 'betrayal', Kosovo elects first woman President, and she is only 35 years old.  BBC News  Iceland sets to reject Icesave repayment deal Rupert Murdoch faces rush of phone hack claims Japanese citizens turning in cash found in tsunami zone woman barred from SkyTrain for wearing button displaying the fword Taliban takes over abandoned US base. WikiLeak says Israel ruled out military option on Iran years ago 2005 report says senior defense officials did not believe an attack similar to Israel's assault on Iraq's Osirak reactor was possible. Turkey leads world in imprisoning journalists.  Study finds Turkey surpasses Iran and China with 57 jailed journalists; reporters can be imprisoned for up to 3 years before trials begin. Muammar Gaddafi has accepted a roadmap for ending the conflict in Libya Yemen security forces again open fire on protesters At least 2 killed and scores of prodemocracy protesters wounded as Yemen president rejects international calls for him to step down. Military Crackdown On Protesters In Egypt
 Syrian security forces beat up dead protester then drag his bloodied corpse (graphic) Ciudad Juarez, Mexico How cartels have turned the city's youth into hit men and cannon fodder  17yearold Jose Antonio has seen more firefights and murders than many soldiers serving in Iraq or Afghanistan Northern Ireland bomb attempt 'threatened mass murder' Police say bomb found in van on main Belfast to Dublin road could have resulted in huge devastation and loss of life Egypt's ruling generals ready to use force to clear Cairo square. Armenia makes Chess a compulsory subject in schools  about time we taught kids some logic. World Bank president warns that the world is one shock away from a fullblown crisis Two teenage Palestinians admitted to carrying out the brutal murder of five Israeli family members Raul Castro proposes term limits in Cuba Germany to close all nuclear plants. Morgan Stanley Defaulted on a Loan and Walked away from Offices in Tokyo Belarus is stuck somewhere in the 1960s; the thought of a serious terror attack has about as much relevance as a Martian invasion Internet mistake reveals UK nuclear submarine secrets France stops all Italian trains carrying north African immigrants  The West Versus China A New Cold War Begins on Libyan Soil Bahrain braced for new wave of repression New arrests and death of a female student fuel sectarian tensions with troop movements signalling another government crackdown on protests Keep a weather eye on next month's G8 gathering of ministers and Web mogulsa potential oligarchy in the making  France shuts border to trains from Italy to stop north African migrants and political activists from entering country. Suicide bomber explodes in Mosque in Java Conditions May Be Deteriorating at Japanese Nuclear Power Plant. Intensely radioactive water from reactor Unit 2 is filling a nearby tunnel faster than workers can empty it, and radioactive levels of seawater near the plant increased sixfold following an aftershock on Saturday. Cuba's communists are set to redefine what Cuba means by socialism at a historic gathering today Mexico A leader of the powerful Zetas gang cartel has been arrested in connection with the deaths of more than 140 people In their conference Star of Egyptian revolt blasts worlds elites as partners in crime TEPCO Releases 3 Videos From Unmanned Helicopter Drones Above Fukushima (See comments for links to the other two videos) BBC News  EU bailout nerves as Finland holds general election China Orders Banks to Raise Reserves to Combat Inflation TEPCO said it aims to bring the crisis under control within six to nine months. World finance chiefs spank U.S. Communists open Congress in Cuba Hungarian mothers to get extra votes for their children in elections In China, a death sentence for a young businesswoman chills entrepreneurs. (What she was convicted of was raising and pooling money outside the official system, which is common among Chinese entrepreneurs.) Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa  the BRICS group of fastest growing economies  Thursday [14 April 2011] signed an agreement to use their own currencies instead of the predominant US dollar in issuing credit or grants to each other. Police made sixth arrest in their investigation of Anonymous that launched a series of cyber attacks on major firms it saw as antiWikiLeaks Ian Tomlinson died of fall injuries from push by police officer at G20 protest, says pathologist The Law In China the government now dismisses the idea that one function of the law is to defend people against the arbitrary exercise of state power. Is net neutrality disappearing? France's President Sarkozy holding a summit next month to decide the future of the Internet... Mass demonstrations in Budapest against the new constitution They just kidnapped us in San Fernando. If anything happens, just tell my parents, thanks, I love them.  A fiveday standoff between monks and armed police at a Tibetan monastery in western China could become explosive, the Dalai Lama has warned. Arnold Gundersen, nuclear expert I absolutely disagree with the scientists who say that Fukushimas not going to hurt anyone. The numbers Ive seen, from reputable scientists, are that Fukushima is going to kill 200,000 from increased cancers over the next 50 years. Radioactivity Rises in Sea Again off Japan Nuclear Plant Levels of radioactivity have risen sharply in seawater near a tsunamicrippled nuclear plant in northern Japan, signaling the possibility of new leaks at the facility, the government said Saturday. U.S. offers unmanned chopper to help remove Fukushima spent fuel Atomic Deserts A Survey of the World's Radioactive NoGo Zones Bahrain strips grants and tuition payments from its students who protested the kingdom in the UK Pregnant Thieves in China The purpose of our pregnancy is for convenient thefts. Otherwise, we are not going to get pregnant. We all have learned the law, knowing that the pregnant women wont get punishment, they claimed without any repentance. Tens of thousands of antigovernment protesters have massed in Belgrade, Serbia to call for early elections, amid growing anger over the economy and corruption Syria's emergency law to be lifted Levels of radioactivity have risen sharply in seawater near a tsunamicrippled nuclear plant in northern Japan, signaling the possibility of new leaks at the facility, the government said Saturday. Qaddafi Troops Fire Cluster Bombs Into Civilian Areas Bahrain cracks down on protesting footballers 'Foreign Policy Suicide' Berlin's Hesitancy in the UN and the World Unemployed foreigners under threat. Will have to leave  Bolivia protests challenge Evo Morales Protesters in Bolivia have blocked main roads and clashed with police, on the ninth day of nationwide demonstrations against the government.  Sri Lanka The leaked UN war crimes report Key points and context Big aftershocks continue to jolt Japan Libya Rebels Execute, Behead, Mutilate Gaddafi Army after they Surrender... Suddenly, Everyone Is Realizing That The British Are Sending The US A Huge Warning US blocked UN access to Bradley Manning  World 
Politics, World  The Independent Woman who attempted suicide while pregnant is accused of murder Wife, child of man beaten to death by Police left with no source of income Video of brutal beating by South African police on a protester at a service delivery protest. He later died of his wounds [NSFW] Widow, 74, labelled a terrorist and ordered out of Canada  thestar.com  A widow who fled Sri Lanka after her husbands assassination has been ordered to return Outcry over Muslim 'morality police' in Oslo, Norway Kidnapped Italian in Gaza Strip found dead The (1) breadth, (2) duration and (3) methods of repression utilised in China's latest crackdown challenge the idea that the CCP is slowly liberalising. UAE to try 14yearold girl on adultery charges Croatian 1990s War Criminals Convicted at The International Court of Justice in Hague (about time!) Hospitals show ugly truth about Bahrain, as US looks the other way Melted nuclear fuel likely settled at bottom of crippled reactors Body of kidnapped Italian activist Vittorio Arrigoni found in Gaza U.S., allies see Libyan rebels in hopeless disarray The realistic outlook, U.S. and European officials said, is for an indefinite stalemate between the rebels  supported by NATO air power  and Gaddafi's forces. Family facing deportation from Canada because their 8 year old daughter suffers from cerebral palsy and is deemed an excessive burden on the health care system.  Japan Discloses Data on Radioactive Water Release. More than 10000 metric tons of lowlevel radioactive water was discharged from the quakehit Fukushima Daiichi nuclear complex
 Radioactive water building up at Fukushima plant #2 faster than it can be pumped out India court grants bail to India activist Binayak Sen India's Supreme Court has granted bail to leading public health specialist and human rights activist, Dr Binayak Sen. NATO says Gadhafi must go but won't force him out Conservatives ask Elections Canada to nullify student votes; xpost from r/Canada Thousands of protesters demand reform in Syria Body count from mass graves in Mexico rises to 145 Finnish nationalists challenge EU bailouts in election that has Europe on edge Jamaica to Look Again at Decriminalizing Marijuana Briton 'beaten to death' in a Dubai police cell after being arrested for swearing Japan's crisis one month later  STUNNING Photos UK activists win case against Metropolitan Police at the G20 protests  High Court ruled police kettling was not justified Thousands could sue over police kettling at G20 protests Syria 'Don't kill more than 20 protesters in one day'  March 23 Syrian intelligence document details strategy to counter rebel sentiment, create links between rebels, Zionist regime. Last Two Speakers of Dying Language Refuse to Talk to Each Other Tepco says fuel rods in the spentfuelpool of reactor #4 are damaged, fission may have resumed. New plan move the spent fuel somewhere, somehow. Remember Tunisia's uprising? They remember their old dictator, Ben Ali, and are charging him with 18 counts including conspiring against the state, voluntary manslaughter, and drug trafficking Russia won't allow hunting of polar bears this year Police in Moscow discover what they are calling an underground town housing illegal immigrants from Central Asia in a Sovietera bomb shelter in the city Libyan rebels supplied with antitank weapons by Qatar North Korea identifies arrested American journalist Man identified as Jun YoungSu will be charged with crimes against the nation, state media says. Norwegian royal guard soldiers fled and hid under 
their beds when the alarm sounded that the royal 
family was under attack. China decides to ban Time Travel. 'Secret Syria Document' posted on Facebook details brutal tactics against protesters Berlusconi will not seek reelection Israelis in Eilat want to throw 'african infiltrators [refugees]' out of the country Irradiated student evacuee bullied at new school in Japan I've seen a lot of comments on reddit about Mexico lately. To have a better understanding of the complexity of the problem, listen to this episode of Fresh Air. American Christian settlers in Palestine About 
1,000 Americans have signed a document 
requesting to convert to Judaism, move to Israel, 
and settle in Samaria. Mexican police implicated in mass graves. Australian Navy rescues hostages from pirates Fukushima raw milk is being sold again after radiation is measured to be below the government's acceptable limit.  Meanwhile France just days earlier warns pregnant women and small children to avoid milk. So who is right? ProPalestinian Activist kidnapped by Gaza Islamists Castro resigns as head of Cuban Communist party, allows Cubans to buy and sell property for first time since 1959 Secret memos expose link between oil firms and invasion of Iraq. Plans to exploit Iraq's oil reserves were discussed by government ministers and the world's largest oil companies the year before Britain took a leading role in invading Iraq. 70 days jail for burning Koran in UK 
'I will never be cut' Kenyan girls fight back against genital mutilation  video Iceland Declares Independence from International Banks China is scary as hell Death toll in Libya reaches 10,000 Hungary Is a Disgrace for Europe  Banks can't spell Gadhafi either, so they can't freeze his assets.  CarlHenric Svanberg, President of BP and known patron of the small people, does it again Claims Most would agree that the world can withstand a few degrees of warming in Swedish interview Israeli Intellectuals Press for Palestinian State  
NYTimes.com Fidel quits Communist Party leadership as Cuba looks to reform More Bombs in Northern Ireland Japanese Ministry of Internal Affairs creates project team to combat rumors deemed harmful to Japanese security in the wake of Fukushima. They begun sending letters of request to internet providers and others demanding that they take adequate measures in response to illegal information. CEO of ThyssenKrupp in Italy sentenced to 16.5 years 
for the deaths of seven workers after a fire Bahrain escapes censure by West as crackdown on protesters intensifies  Middle East  Independent.co.uk Bulgarian nationalist attacked Jehovah witnesses meeting [violent video]  N.Korea's Nuclear Facilities 'a Disaster in the Making' UN Report  A copy of the report obtained by The Australian found credible allegations that tens of thousands of Tamil civilians were killed deliberately targeted by Sri Lankan artillery firing into nofire zones.| The Australian How could bodies pile up again in a place just 90 miles from the U.S. border where 72 migrants were slaughtered eight months ago...And how could these new horrors emerge only five months after state and federal authorities announced with much fanfare that they were mounting a coordinated offensive Japan consumers may bail out nuke plant owner Australia deports criminal to UK. French minimum wage to rise again
 Estonia Tops List for Internet Freedom Kurdish protesters clashed with police in Turkeys southeast and thousands gathered in Istanbul and Ankara after 12 proKurdish politicians were banned from running in elections A FINNISH EUROSCEPTIC party that opposed immigration, the Euro, and bailouts for struggling European countries has won a fifth of votes in the countrys general election. Religious protesters in France vandalise the famous 'Piss Christ' photograph S&P Puts Negative Outlook on U.S. AAA Rating Each Of Ireland's Surviving Banks Downgraded To Junk Italy passes new law that basically ends Berlusconi's trial Gaddafis men use rape as weapon of war  More than 100 women are victims, says doctor as siege of Misrata continues Chocolate boss Ferrero dies in bike accident Pakistan Teenager tells of failed suicide bomb mission Ukraine seeks $1 billion to seal Chernobyl To protect female shoppers, young Saudi men asked to be accompanied by their families If the Saudis are 'dumping' Obama, should we be upset... or tell them not to let the door hit them on the way out? The UN looks set to update its estimated number of civilians killed during the Sri Lankan civil war from 7000 to the tens of thousands  Hindustan Times Professsor for environmental and technology Sociology nuclear plants safer than coal or water dam plants Local election in the Balearic Islands  Candidate Sole Sanchez poster censored (NSFW?) The horror movie that is the reality of being captured by Gaddafi's forces Protesters in Syrian city hold sitin Calls made for overthrow of President Assad, a day after 30 demonstrators were reportedly killed by security forces. Pope Benedict led Roman Catholics into Holy Week celebrations, telling a Palm Sunday crowd that man will pay the price for his pride if he believes technology can give him the powers of God. Radiation Still Rising at Japanese Nuclear Power Plant. Finnish elections Unprecedented gains for populist True Finns, all other major parties lose seats Robots in Japanese reactors detect high radiation Hiring of Pakistani fighters for Bahrain angers Iran Government Drug cartel leader 'El Kilo' caught in Mexico The eggs roll by, but life at Bournville has a darker side. New owner Kraft won't guarantee longterm jobs, so Cadbury workers fear this is their final Easter Libya was to be lauded for it's human rights record by the UN Human Rights Council. We've been had! Tepco Cancels Plan To Build 2 New Reactors At Fukushima. b'Shoethrower faces up to 7yrs for offending the head of a foreign state' b'Spectacular Images of 2008 ' b'*CBC Probe* Tasers Tested Fire Stonger Current than Company Says' b'Man kidnaps child and trains him to kill black people.' b'Icelandic government preparing a lawsuit on the British government, what will  the reactions of Britain be??  Did Britain cause the enormous bank collapse in Iceland?' b'Washington on the dead US soldiers who served in Iraq It is regrettable that they had to die, Gaffney said, but I believe they did have to die' b'Greek youths hang protest banners from Acropolis' b'Russia provides 10 MiG fighter jets to Lebanon for free' b'AlZaidi faces up to 15 years in prison for hurling shoes at Bush' b'U.N. Militaries can pursue Somali pirates on land' we're now at 200+ banks bailed out b'Awww, now I feel bad for being a pirate' b'I thought GM needed money from the government?  Why are they building in China!?!' b'Sarkozy concerned about spread of Greek uprising The French love it when I'm in a carriage with Carla, but at the same time they've guillotined a king.' b'Interview with Nikos R., friend of Alexandros Grigoropoulos' b'Resistance  Greek protestors on Parthenon (pic)' b'Greek protesters unfurl banners at the Acropolis as riot damages reach $1.3 billion.' Israel's Army says Gaza militants fire 9 rockets at Israel b'A Dutch dictionary company says Web visitors have voted swaffelen  an English slang verb meaning to swing one's exposed penis  as the word of the year. ' b'Minnesota to Somalia The Kinkos Crusade [Warnerd]' The Armenian Genocide (Video) This is a compelling documentary which focuses as much on Turkey's remarkable efforts to deny the massacre  which includes killing those who speak of it even today.  Out With the Coal & Oil, In With the Geothermal in East Africa's Rift Valley b'SEC Missing In Action on Financial Crisis Had Knowledge of Madoff Wrongdoing 9 Years Ago' b'SAfrica refuses to join growing calls for Mugabe to quit' b'US Military and Western Mainstream Media try to conceal War Crimes in Fallujah ' Man applauds `shoeing' of Bush, arrested A Hero who took a stand against torture, murder and abuse of power. Too bad he isn't American. More Government Control Journalists Worry 'Big Brother Law' Will Kill Press Freedom b'Israel blocks UN rights official' b'Iraqi journalist broken and now said to be sorry for shoethrowing. Shoes destroyed. ' b'Looks like Iraq is doing the whole McCarthyism  thing now Over 30 Iraq Interior Ministers Arrested' b'Give them more guns China to send warships to fight Somalia piracy' b'Free speech in peril Jacob Zuma sues South African cartoonist' b'Muntadhar alZeidi Man of the Year; A small act that represents so much' b'Nigerian babies fed antifreeze  dozens killed.' Shoethrower faces 15 years in prison (where he'll be treated like a king) b'South Korea apparently has the most dedicated opposition party ever' b'Castro says could release prisoners for U.S. talks' b'Russian warships to visit Cuba' b'South Korean Lawmakers Brawl over U.S Free Trade Pact!   [And throw in some Furniture Barricades and Construction Tools Too].' b'Australian ATMs *continuously* targetted and blown up with gas.' b'But the first step is ADMITTING you're an imperialist U.S. can no longer fund its unofficial empire [VIDEO]' b'Warning for asthmatics  dont go and watch a fireworks display on a snowy night' b'India  The monster in the mirror' b'I was still holding my grandsons hand but the rest of him was gone' b'Oil Under $40; More Oil Stored on Ships at Sea Than at Any Time in The Last twenty Years' Gondola Tower Snaps at Canada's Whistler ski resort Pakistan's President Zardari Attempts the Impossible Up to 25 Iraq government officials have been arrested on allegations that they were plotting to revive Saddam Hussein's outlawed Baath party b'Credit card crackdown coming soon'