 BBC News  Gordon Brown earns 1.4m since leaving office. Donates every penny to charity.  For Switzerland's largest bank, the hits just keep coming. . . . UBS now appears to be at the center of the financial world's latest scandal an alleged conspiracy by traders and brokers to rig the price of derivatives around the world by manipulating a key interest rate. Australian bank ANZ rises interest rates, fires 1000 employers and sends excecutives on $1.75m holiday cruise. Polish MP smokes pot in prodrug campaign |
			 Cocaine found on capsized cruise ship captain's hair Eleven months after the tsunami and earthquake ravaged Japan new pictures show the incredible progress being made in the multibillion pound clear up Canada 'Muzzling its Scientists'  Speakers at a major science meeting being held in Canada said communication of vital research on health & environment issues is being suppressed An international arbitration panel ordered Ecuador to stop its courts from enforcing an $18 billion judgment against Chevron, on the same day a US judge put up a new hurdle standing in between indigenous Ecuadoreans seeking to collect award Iranian warships have entered the Mediterranean Sea for only the second time since the 1979 revolution EU Court of Justice Social Networks Cant Be Forced to Monitor and Filter to Prevent Copyright Infringement Eastern Europeans fuel fight for Internet freedoms Why China Succeeds in Africa Chinas investment in Africa is far more nuanced than cozying up to dictators. Rather than indulging in alarmism, the West could learn something. Supreme Court of Canada rules that Quebec parents are not allowed to withdraw their children from a mandatory class on ethics and religion. The New York Times If Switzerland stonewalls, the Justice Department can indict banks that benefit from tax evasion and seize their assets in the United States...At some point, the Swiss government will find that result a lot more costly than handing over information on American tax cheats. Chinese Labor, Cheap No More China detains several hundred Tibetans, says Human Rights Watch Latvian vote on status of Russian language this Saturday could widen rift in society. For ethnic Latvians, the referendum is a brazen attempt to encroach on Latvias independence. The 24 N. Korean defectors to be expelled from China back to N. Korea by Feb 20 Poland's Tusk gores ACTA Syrian forces fire on antiAssad crowd in capital
 A financial clearinghouse used by virtually every country and major corporation in the world agreed Friday to shut out Iran from its respected network, an unprecedented escalation of global economic pressure to halt Iran's suspected drive for nuclear weapons. Haiti government says president attacked Switzerland's banks no longer want American clients but now Swiss citizens living in the United States are finding it hard to keep accounts back home. . . . Swiss expatriates are increasingly irritated by their dealings with banks in their homeland and are venting their frustrations online. France's former currency is devalued to zilch  Hundreds line up at the Bank of France in Paris on the last day to convert old francs to euros. Nostalgia and doomsday predictions are in the air. New poll reveals majority support for socialism in Venezuela. If the presidential elections were held today, 58.2 percent of citizens would vote for the reelection of Hugo Chvez, and 34.5 percent for the opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski. Swedish man survives for months in snowedin car  Yahoo! News Iran 'halts oil sales to France and Britain' Hundreds of thousands march in Spain The Sense Of An Ending  
By engineering rigged elections that nobody bothered or dared to protest, Putin managed to conceal his regime's deepest secret, namely that Russia, rather than being misgoverned, is governed very laxly if at all  China, the United States and two dozen other countries are now looking at coordinated retaliation  including putting pressure on European airlines and other industries  if Europe tries to enforce a law requiring airlines to pay for their greenhouse gas emissions. 
 Taiwan's Foxconn raises wages for Chinese workers Latvia rejects making Russian an official language Iran stops oil sales to French and British companies Israel airstrike hits Gaza targets Strike follows rocket attacks on southern Israel After journalist blasphemes Muhammed, Grand Mufti of the KSA wants to ban twitter while nephew of King owns 3% of it. Algeria seizes missiles smuggled from Libya More than 10,000 march in Damascus antiAssad protest CNN  A computer programmer from Canada faces imminent execution in Iran for the actions of another person, which he had no control over, a human rights group says. Zimbabwe Chinese arrested for eating rare tortoises  A mother from southern Sweden has been reported to health authorities for allegedly holding her son prisoner for years in a fantasy world inhabited by Smurfs and space aliens. Iraq gun and bomb attacks hit Baghdad and Baquba Execution of web programmer in Iran may be imminent Eastern Europeans fuel fight for Internet freedoms  North Korea threatens attack over planned artillery drills in South Korea Antigay curriculum in schools not covered by Equality Act in UK Phone and email records to be stored in new spy plan  Telegraph Thousands of Australians were cut off by floodwaters on Saturday as heavy rain broke river banks across the vast eastern outback and some families battled with deadly snakes for rooftops, rescuers said. Riot police guard Greek assembly as protesters gather Syria's economy may bring down Assad Damascus regime crippled by foreign sanctions and slowly disintegrating Officials say a prison riot in northern Mexico has left about 20 people dead  New UK law comes into effect on 16th Feb Arrest  and imprisonment  of anyone who takes pictures of police officers 'likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism'  b'Canadian woman held against her will in Saudi Arabia by her husband  under Saudi law, she is his property' b'The Aral Sea  is it too late to change a manmade disaster?' b'Japanese whaling fleet now armed with antiboarding nets, acoustic weapons, and steel spikes.' b'The me first society and aggressive pursuit of personal success by adults is now the greatest threat to the wellbeing and happiness of children' b'Volcano erupts in Japan! Tokyo covered in ash!' b'Chinese earthquake may have been manmade, say scientists ' b'Sweden set to legalise samesex marriage' b'Everyone was outraged when the IDF bombed a Gazan hospital, how come noone seems to care when the Sri Lankan govt does the same?' b'Muammar alQaddafi, who became leader of Libya in a military coup nearly 40 years ago, has been elected chairman of the African Union and promises to pursue the formation of a United States of Africa.' Iraq's Shocking Human Toll About 1 Million Killed, 4.5 Million Displaced, 12 Million Widows, 5 Million Orphans b'Shoe throwing now firmly established as a new form of political expression' b'The Jewish internet defence forces.  Divisions split into the Cheetos Cavalry, and 101 Keyboard Commandos, with a few special squads of Internet Tough Guys. ' Israeli Officers Could Be Prosecuted For Gaza 'War Crimes' Iranian woman activist jailed for taking part in a protest demanding more women's rights b'Meanwhile in India, sperm thefts rise 100%.' b'BT wants to monitor all your online activities' b'Hamas Accepts Oneyear Truce With Israel' b'Director of Wiesenthal Center Calls for the Starving of Palestinians Children' b'Petraeus and Gates Seek to Reverse Obama Withdrawal Decision' Pope promotes to Bishop man who said Hurricane Katrina was God's revenge on New Orleans for being too gayfriendly b'Student Withdraws From School Over CCTV Cameras In Toilets' b'Redlight Camera Operator Arrested For Scam Involving Shortening Yellow Light Timing' U.S. partner, not Hamas, firing rockets into Israel. While terrorists promise ceasefire, American 'allies' provoke violence b'International court prosecutor looks to put Israeli officers on trial for Gaza war crimes' Belgium's lower house of parliament has voted for a law that would ban women from wearing the full Islamic face veil in public. Noone voted against it b'US threatens Israel with not protecting it with UN veto if settlements building goes ahead' b'The White Womans Burden | Disarmingly candid account of what it's like to be a white woman, married to an Indian, in India. My husband is neither loudspoken, nor imposing. As a result, he often gets mistaken as my guide' b'Rescuing girls from sex slavery ' b'China said Friday that a Chinese diplomat in the U.S. was beaten and injured by Houston police and urged an investigation to ensure diplomatic practices are not violated.' b'Improving the quality of content at /r/worldnews (we need your help)' b'Gonorrhea Could Become Untreatable' b'China lifts travel ban on people with HIV and Aids ' b'Not just the Catholic Church Sexual abuse scandal rocks Boy Scouts of America after $18.5m payout' b'Geopolitically optimised map of Europe. What if countries were moved to other parts of the continent where they would be happier, among friends?' b'The Pakistani military, long reluctant to heed American urging that it attack Pakistani militant groups in their main base in North Waziristan, is coming around to the idea that it must do so, in its own interests.' Betrayer and Betrayed New Documents Reveal Truth on NATO's 'Most Damaging' Spy  For years, from his senior position in Estonia's Defense Ministry, Herman Simm leaked highly sensitive NATO intelligence and the names of Western spies to Russia's foreign intelligence service b'A Russian company is marketing a devastating new cruise missile system which can be hidden inside a shipping container, giving any merchant vessel the capability to wipe out an aircraft carrier.' b'Brazilian street vendors are hawking a video of an elderly priest molesting an altar boy. Dom Phillips reports from Brazil on the popes brewing crisis in South America.' Palestinians who throw rocks from hundreds of meters away as a symbolic protest are shot at by the IDF, Israeli 'settler' fires on group of Palestinian  and Israeli protesters and the IDF join in. Official investigation into Icelandic banks' collapse finds evidence of mismanagement, possibly fraud. Banks lent heavily to controlling shareholders and legislators, ramped up share prices What Russia gets from the Ukraine gas deal (Hint It's not just a place to dock its Black Sea Fleet.) b'Man attacks preschool children with hammer in China.(WTF?)' b'Three Houston police officers have been restricted to desk duty after they followed a Chinese diplomat into the parking garage of the Chinese Consulate, arrested the man and injured him.' b'Ghost estates testify to Irish boom and bust' b'Fears of Euro Zone Domino Effect  Will Greek Contagion Bring Portugal Down?' b'Greece plans tough new austerity measures' b'GET KONY How an American bikerturnedorphanagerunning preacher is hunting down the head of the deathdealing Lords Resistance Army in Africa' b'Chinese Activist Gao Zhisheng Disappears Again Weeks After Release' b'26 basic questions about Iran with answers that might surprise you' Israel admits to killing peace activist Doctor's daughters with tank fire but claims their actions were 'reasonable'  6foot4, schooled in the martial arts, able to speak 6 Arabic dialects, and a convert to Islam, Andrew Warren seemed the perfect spy for the war on terror. Then they discovered he's a serial rapist. b'Controversial Bestseller Shakes the Foundation of the Israeli State' b'UN says Hamas seized Gaza food aid and blankets' b'Israel to build a new settlement on West bank' b'Israeli Jews' consciousness is characterized by a sense of victimization, a siege mentality, blind patriotism, belligerence, selfrighteousness, dehumanization of the Palestinians and insensitivity to their suffering.' The state of Israel is not Jews; Jews are not the state of Israel.  Don't attack synagogues for what Israel does; don't fail to critisize Israel out of guild for Holocaust. b'BREAKING Shoeattack on Israeli ambassador during lecture at Stockholm University' b'Why is the BBC obsessed with making workingclass people seem racist?' b'Tehran enters the space age, ' EU envoy Israel must ease aid restrictions on 'helllike' Gaza  Haaretz b'UN Hamas police seized food aid and blankets from needy Gazans' b'Today, Kyrgyzstan began moves to close a U.S. military air base which is vital for supplying U.S.led troops fighting in Afghanistan.' b'Sri Lankan hospital shelled for ninth time' Megaphone Israel's other sicko war weapon b'Judge allows medicinal pot plots' b'Benjamin Netanyahu no territory concession to Palestinians' b'Extremist rabbis and their followers, bent on waging holy war against the Palestinians, are taking over the Israeli army by stealth' b'Passengers Revolt Against Drunk Aeroflot Pilot on Flight to NYC  Panic Ensues ' b'Art in Africa that only Google Earth can see' b'Could the United States Be Kicked Out of Kyrgyz Air Base?' In Afghanistan, as in Vietnam, we may win every battle but still not win the war. The nation is a deeplydivided, semifailed state, with an incompetent, corrupt gov't held to be illegitimate by a large portion of its population.  b'Documentary on the Most Dangerous Area in Afghanistan  The War is Not Over' b'Military court Egyptian Islamist politician faces trial for crossing Gaza tunnel' b'IDF strikes Hamas targets after Grad hits Ashkelon ' b'Soldier throws back grenade' (Nigeria) Over fivehundred Christians, mostly women and children, are hacked to death by Muslim raiders with machetes in a nighttime attack on their village. The killers yelled 'Allah Akbar,' as they chopped. Germany Is Tired of Paying Europe's Bills Israel 'approves' 1600 homes in occupied East Jerusalem homes  just as 'peace talks' start, whilst the US vice president is visiting, following on from the 100+ new homes in the occupied West Bank.  No doubt it will again be the fault of the Palestinians the peace process fails? b'Europe bars Wall Street banks from government bond sales ' b'Seven people have been arrested in the Irish Republic over an alleged plot to kill a Swedish cartoonist for depicting the Prophet Muhammad' b'A dozen previously unknown shipwrecks, some of them believed to be up to 1,000 years old, have been discovered in the Baltic Sea' b'Brazil slaps trade sanctions on US over illegal US subsidies for cotton' Pope's brother Georg Ratzinger linked to child abuse claimsn b'Joe Biden coming to Israel to jump start peace talks. Israel tells Biden to f*ck off and approves the building of 1,600 new homes in occupied East Jerusalem.' b'BadenPowel, founder of The Scouts, held talks with senior Nazis in 1937 to foster closer ties with The Hitler Youth, newly declassified documents reveal.' France's disneyland couple Nicolas Sarkozy and Carla Bruniare apparently both having affairs b'Chile Nine Days Later' b'Dutch Pirate Party has decided to join the national elections' b'At first, it seemed like an isolated incident of abuse at one Catholic school in Berlin. But now, in little over a month, it has ballooned into a massive scandal' b'How paedophile priest was allowed to evade justice' b'The biggest offensive of the Afghanistan War against what it was told was a city of 80,000 people, Marjah, this picture obediently reported by major news media is one of the clearest and most dramatic pieces of misinformation of the entire war' b'Crackdown on dangerous dogs in the UK to make microchips compulsory for all.  New plans also require compulsory thirdparty insurance.' b'LIFE and Google bring us 10 million historic images' b'Indonesia defies doomsayers to become a surprise success story ' b'Women and girls rejoice at the retreat of the  Taliban in the Swat Valley in Pakistan... time for a  new beginning' It's terror check chaos as dozens miss US flights b'Israel, Syria announce intent to develop nuclear power' b'Bad things happen when empires fall apart' b'UNICEF estimates that more than 20,000 children lost their parents in the Jan. 12 quake and its aftermath. Relatives or neighbors are caring for many of these children. Others, such as a group of boys in a PortauPrince park, are fending for themselves. ' b'Holland proposes giving anyone over 70 the right to die if they have simply had enough and consider their lives complete' Love thy neighbor Protected by the IDF, settlers destroy natural spring used by Palestinians for farming near Salfit by pouring cement into the spring. I can't for a single moment imagine how it must be to live amongst these vile people. b'India wants to give women 1/3 of legislative seats.  Vote was 1861' b'Having been removed in favor of Nazis, members of the Jewish family have been sheltering this winter in a tent on the sidewalk opposite their home of more than five decades.' b'Chomsky Aid Should Go to Haitian Popular Organizations, Not to Contractors or NGOs ' Trial begins over the death of Rachel Corrie. She was killed while she was trying to stop Palestinians' homes being demolished in Gaza. b'Is this what Israel is becoming?  Israeli Settlers (who earlier evicted Palestinians from their home) sing songs that praise mass murderer Baruch Goldstein.  [Video]' b'  At least 3,000 protesters, including Israelis and Palestinians, have rallied in an Arab quarter of east Jerusalem to protest the eviction of Palestinians from their homes there in favor of Jewish settlers.rally' US VicePresident Joe Biden has condemned Israel's approval of 1,600 new homes for ultraOrthodox Jews in East Jerusalem. When a tsunami crashed into an asylum in Chile, two unlikely heroines, one schizophrenic, the other mentally disabled, formed a team to save their friends' lives. With water up to their necks, they dragged other patients to safety. [video] b'Muslim woman expelled from Canadian school for refusing to remove her niqab veil' b'Microsoft's Bing search engine is filtering out offensive words in Arab countries. Words like gay, bisexual, lesbian and transvestite' b'Billionaires and MegaCorporations Behind Immense Land Grab in Africa | 20+ countries are selling or leasing land for intensive agriculture on a shocking scale in what may be the greatest change of ownership since the colonial era. ' b'I was just following a bee.' b'Pakistani pols who refused airport body scans hailed as heroes in Pakistan' b'China 70YearOld Grandmother Beaten & Buried Alive By Property Developers Trying To Take Her Land' b'One American official recently conceded that Somalias best hope was the governments new military chief, a 60yearold former artillery officer who, until a few months ago, was assistant manager at a McDonalds in suburban Germany.' Catholic Sex Abuse Accusations Spread Across Europe; Was Pope's brother involved in coverups? A third of the world's jailed journalists are imprisoned in Iran; China is next with 24 jailed journalists followed by Cuba with 22 b'Israeli court to hear civil case over death of Rachel Corrie in Gaza' Parents want Israel to answer for daughter's bulldozer death b'Jihad Jane Colleen LaRose from Pennsylvania recruited Muslims in Ireland to kill Swedish cartoonist, Lars Vilks' China's exports rise 46% from a year ago Canada learns that foreign ownership means increased suffering for Canada's workers.  b'Bluefin tuna trade ban gains European Union backing' b'A protester has thrown a shoe at Wen Jiabao during a speech at Cambridge University and called the Chinese prime minister a dictator.' b'My case proves that holding an American citizenship does not mean that I am treated as one. I am only a citizen when my rights are protected and this cannot happen in an environment of fear and tyranny under the name of national security,' b'B.C. Supreme Court rules in favour of medical marijuana' b'Jailed  the judge who refused to say sorry' b'Iran has successfully sent its first domestically made satellite into orbit [NPR]' b'Icelands PM to Sack Central Bank Governors' b'Woman saves life of boss ... then fired' b'German politicians sharply criticize Pope Benedict XVI' b'Iran makes first satellite launch' 'Father of Playmobil' Hans Beck dies aged 79 b'LongRange Rocket From Gaza Hits Israel' b'Global recession is hitting Chinas workers hard' Israeli government to impose sanctions on Al Jazeera's Israel operations b'Blair flipflops, risking the anger of Israel by suggesting its time to talk to the Palestinian militant group Hamas' Frustrated with some of his Western allies, in particular the United States, Afghan President Hamid Karzai has begun to reach out to Afghanistan's giant northern neighbour Russia b'Chavez The United States needs petroleum like air, like oxygen to live, to survive' b'Israel calls for Palestinian tunnel linking Gaza with West Bank' b'Netanyahu promises to topple Hamas regime in Gaza if elected' b'Did shock therapy in Russia cause millions of early deaths?' b'The International Criminal Court (ICC) prosecutor in The Hague has launched a preliminary analysis to establish whether Israel committed war crimes in its offensive in the Gaza Strip' b'A court in India has dismissed criminal proceedings against a married couple charged with obscenity for allegedly kissing in public in the capital.' b'Big Blue offers to help laidoff U.S. employees relocate to India, China or Brazil, according to an internal document.' b'From Gaza to Jerusalem the impact of war on the Israeli election.' b'NKorea preparing longrange missile test' b'US spending in Iraq, Afghanistan full of waste and fraud' Pope washes feet of young Muslim woman prisoner in unprecedented twist on Maundy Thursday Russia has warned of tensions in North Korea slipping out of control, after Pyongyang said it was placing its missile units on standby.
 Pope Francis becomes the first pope to ever wash a woman's feet, breaking centuries of Catholic tradition. Retired man loses his $1m in life savings over night as Cyprus Bank goes bankrupt and unable to repay depositors North Korea Rockets 'Ready To Hit US Bases' 'Sharply increased' vehicles and troops movments at North Korea's mid and longrange missile units have been detected by South Korea's military just hours after the North's leader ordered rocket units to be ready to attack U.S. bases. Girl, 14 raped by two men on bus... in Glasgow USS Freedom heading towards N. Korea.  North Korea plan to attack US mainland revealed in photographs. Toronto Restaurant owner fined $ 10,000 after 31 threatened Spiny Softshell Turtles found in freezer  


They're used to make medicinal soup, but there may be less than 1,000 left in the Province. Ten years after Iraq war began, Iran reaps the gains American forces are gone, and Washington's political influence is now virtually nonexistent. Iran has become an indispensable broker among Baghdad's new Shiite elite, and its influence continues to grow From the Stone Age to the Digital Age in One Big Leap   Deep in the Amazon, an isolated Brazilian tribe almost vanished when it 1st had contact with the modern world. Now the Surui is working with Google to do things like report on illegal logging in the forest. Russia Gay pride march organiser beaten after city announces ban North Korea leader orders rocket units on standby to hit U.S. bases Second Palestinian journalist jailed in the past year for insulting Mahmoud Abbas Incredible North Atlantic storm spans Atlantic Ocean, coast to coast Franois Hollande has promised to force companies to pay a 75 per cent tax on salaries over a million euros, in a facesaving bid after his plan to tax individuals was slapped down as confiscatory by the country's constitutional court.  North Korean military activity detected  Readies rockets after US show of force. Atheists say abandoned by EU in U.N. rights council North Korea Releases Two New Photos, And In The Background You Can See A 'US Mainland Strike Plan' China to spend $16 billion to tackle Beijing pollution crisis The Chinese government has intensified a coordinated public campaign against Apple, slamming the company as dishonest, greedy and incomparably arrogant and threatening regulatory action if the US company does not improve its aftersales service policies. Mass rally in Pyongyang in support of Kim Jong Un
 Haiti Planting Millions of Trees in Effort to Undo Damage Done  Govtbacked campaign aims to double its forest cover by 2016.  It was once covered in forests but land clearance for plantations was followed by tree felling for cooking fuel.  Its forest cover now one of lowest in world.  North Korea Missile Activity South Korea Reportedly Detects Increased Movement At Rocket Sites Pope Francis urged Catholic priests to devote themselves to helping the poor and suffering instead of worrying about their careers as Church 'managers' Egyptian women fight back as sexual assaults skyrocket First HumanNeanderthal Hybrid Found Mother gets 30 years for letting 2 kids starve to death in Osaka Stealth B2 Bombers headed to South Korea Japan to purchase 42 US built F35 fighter jets describing them as the best fighter.  The use of coal power in Alberta adds $300million a year to health expenses, a factor that heavily increases coals true cost, a new report has found.
 Mexican vigilantes seize town, arrest police Gut bacteria 'key to treating obesity without surgery' Canada quietly pulls out of UN antidroughts convention Why I just got called out by North Korean state media Twitter Caves to Vladimir Putin, Censors Content Within Russia. IMF, citing $1.9 trillion in government subsidies, calls for end to energy mispricing Iraqi oil Once seen as U.S. boon, now it's mostly China's University of Damascus hit by mortars China's New Stealth Fighter's Missile Launch Rails Prove Beijing Can Improve U.S. Technology Billions of locusts everywhere the eye can see, eating most everything in sight. That's the harsh reality affecting roughly half the island nation of Madagascar  an emergency situation compounded by natural disasters and a prolonged political crisis. The new Icelandic constitution has been killed in cold blood  RIP our new constitution  Written by the nation, for the nation Bomb Explodes Near Acropolis in Central Athens Red Cross to visit Guantanamo as hunger strike spreads Chinese gaming addict spends six solid years at an Internet cafe Man who points laser at aircraft lands a 30month prison sentence. Russia raids offices of Amnesty International and other human rights groups Guantanamo hunger strikers 'denied water'  thirtyone men on hunger strike lodge complaint with Red Cross that they are being denied drinking water by jailers Mexico vigilantes detain police in Guerrero  Hundreds of armed vigilantes have occupied a town in southwestern Mexico after one of their leaders was killed.  Armenia is the first country in the world to make chess mandatory in schools, aiming to build a better society North Korea 'defeats' US troops and takes 150,000 American hostages in newly released propaganda video IT'S OFFICIAL Banks In Europe May Now Seize Deposits To Cover Their Gambling Losses


 The Dangerous Drift towards World War in Asia Duck successfully fathers a chicken at Dubai research laboratory Russia reacted furiously today to news of the 11th hour European Union bailout of Cyprus  condemning it as 'stealing'. The Indian unit of Ford Motor Company has apologised for an advertisement showing former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi with a group of bound women in the trunk of a car. How Anonymous gamed Twitter to shed light on a hidden massacre UK School bans triangle shaped flapjacks Unconfirmed reports that Syrian President Bashar alAssad has been shot by a member of his security forces Steven Simpson, Gay British Teen, Dies After Being Set On Fire At Birthday Party Israel restores tax transfers to Palestinians following Obama visit Arab Media said to be reporting that Syrian President Assad has been killed. Hong Kong's top court ruled that foreign domestic helpers are ineligible for permanentresident status no matter how long they live there. Egypt's Islamist rulers get tough on alcohol  beer tax rose to 200% this month, with wine tax rising to 150%.  Lawyer declared brain dead wakes up after calls to pull plug on her Cyprus Limits ATM Withdrawals to 100 Euros Per Day Swedish feminists call for all men to be banned from sitting with their legs opened. Say it is part of rape culture that Leads to women being raped Morsi issues ominous warning to Egypt opposition If I am forced to do what is required to protect this nation, then I will do it. And I fear that I might be on the verge of doing it. Nothing is safe from being seized by the state, no savings account, but also no house or apartment. 'Syrian army no longer in control of Israel border region'  Two divisions of the Syrian army, comprising tens of thousands of soldiers, which had been posted permanently along the Golan ceasefire line, have now almost entirely disintegrated Russian warning to withdraw all the cash from the western banks, because The European Union and United States were preparing for the largest theft of private wealth in modern history. Cyprus has clinched a lastditch deal with international lenders for a 10 billion euro ($13bn) bailout that will shut down its second largest bank and inflict heavy losses on uninsured depositors, including wealthy Russians Rebels in the Central African Republic have seized the presidential palace in the capital Bangui Experts North Korea trains cyber warrior teams  North Korea has nothing to lose in a cyberbattle, there is no target for South Korean retaliation. A Tunisian Salafi preacher has called for a 19year old girl who posted her topless pictures on Facebook to be quarantined and stoned to death before she starts an epidemic. Russian billionaire and critic of Vladimir Putin, Boris Berezovsky, found dead at his UK home in suspected suicide Transgender UK teacher, who was harassed and slandered by UK media, commits suicide Adobe to its Australian customers Fly to US for cheaper software  Australians can go to the US if they want lower American prices on boxed Adobe products, an Adobe official told an Australian Parliamentary panel today Cyprus Now Looks to Take 25% From Bank Accounts of Wealthy S. Korea, U.S. sign combined operational plan against N. Korea Topless Tunisian Femen Protester 'Amina' Threatened With Death By Stoning for topless pics NORTH Korea's latest propaganda video depicts 150,000 US citizens being taken hostage by paratroopers invading Seoul.
 A Japanese teenager who allegedly killed his mother and chopped her body into pieces has told police he simply did not like her, and wanted to know more about dissection 33YearOld Man Gang Raped By Six Suspects In South Africa Iraq War's 10th Anniversary in pictures The Invasion (Hires. No multipage bullshit.) Icelandic MP wants to write off 20% of household mortgages using nationalized money from foreign creditors Seoul to crack down on scammers preying on North Korea defectors Nasa Confirms Meteor After 'Fireball' Reports France confirms death of Islamist commander Abou Zeid China retaliate to North Korea's nuclear tests through trade Canada worst human rights violator in world Iran lawmaker Slaughter of the African Elephants Israel fires into Syria after Golan attack on troops Rio police evict Amazon natives from World Cup site French mother on trial for son Jihads Tshirt that says I am a bomb, on the front and the back read, Jihad Born Sept. 11. BBC News  Russian tycoon Boris Berezovsky dies World Bank's new vision on tackling poverty 'very unambitious' Bank's promotion of 'shared prosperity' fails to tackle inequalities and growing gaps between rich and poor, critics warn Kurdish rebels declare formal ceasefire with Turkey. Transgender primary school teacher who 'took own life' had sought protection from media hounding before her death. Portugal 12 Years After Decriminalizing Drugs Airline 'fat tax' Should heavy passengers pay more? The US Army Is Planning For A Failed Nuclear State In North Korea. The Canadian Supreme Court has ruled that police must have wiretap authority to snoop on cellphone text messages and not just a search warrant. Former President Carter says his organization is on verge of eradicating Guinea worm disease Baby baldies are first in decades After several years of trying, the bald eagles of Cootes Paradise have hatched the first eaglets to grace Lake Ontario in decades. North Korea to cut all channels with South as war may break out any time The Global Internet is being slowed by a series of huge arguements between a spamfighting group and a hosting firm. (Company remains nameless) Brazilian doctor Virginia Soares de Souza 'who played God' could have killed more than 300 patients to free up beds  If the death toll of more than three hundred people is correct it would implicate De Souza in one of the world's worst serial killings Esquire story of how Bin Laden was killed is complete B.S. CNN learns Europe Reels In Shock As Politician Tells The Truth Bangladesh widens crackdown on atheist bloggers Traces of human DNA in meat products quite likely [Slaughterhouse] workers are often cutting themselves. If we had done DNA tests, we probably would have found traces of human DNA in the products, said Stellenbosch University professor to British MP Essential Medicine Rides CocaCola's Distribution Into Remote African Villages  The AidPod is a wedgeshaped container between bottle necks in a CocaCola crate. For now, they're distributing an antidiarrhea kit.   There are places in the world where its easier to get a Coke than clean water.  A day in the life of the internet hacked and mapped A single hacker managed to get into millions of computers around the world  which was easy because their routers were all set to the default password of 'root'. But what he did with the data was simple and unmalicious map it. In Syria, the Rebels Have Begun to Fight Among Themselves North Korea is running out of threats Swedish woman convicted for hitting stranger who grabbed her ass Frankie Boyle donates 50,000 to a prisoner in Guantanamo Guantanamo to sue MI6 SCC  Police need wiretap authority, not just warrant, to search text messages In a 52 decision, the court has sided with wireless giant Telus (TSXT) and quashed a general warrant that had forced the company to turn over all texts to police.
 (Update)North Korea issues order for the protection of Kim statues (Xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews ) Blamed for rapes, women in Egypt are speaking out Japan's trust in its government is one of the lowest in the industrialised world. Why? There are fears about food from Fukushima. Muslim private school is ranked the best in France Schoolgirl given razor blade to self harm, supervised by a teacher. Scottish Govt Approves Windfarm Opposed by Donald Trump  
US businessman claims wind project off Aberdeen coast will spoil the views from his nearby golf course Japan breaks China's monopoly on rare metals with discovery of vast reserves (xpost from science) A photo that makes North Korea look a lot less scary.  Washington Post A week after Frances top court ruled that a woman was wrongfully fired from a private nursery school for refusing to remove her Islamic veil, a new poll shows a majority of French people support a ban of all religious signs in private workplaces.  Egypt sentences Muslim to death for raiding several Christian houses and killing two people North Korea threatens Guam, Hawaii, US mainland Bill Gates to boost sex lives of millions with condom redesign BRICS Nations   Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa  Plan New Bank to Bypass World Bank, IMF Irish Catholics continue to flee the church  A combination of clergy sex abuse revelations and a more secular climate has created a stigma against attending Mass.
 Italy overturns Amanda Knox Acquittal, Orders Retrial One in five French bottled waters 'contain drugs or pesticides'  India's 'richest' politician shot dead  Syria's Shiites offer different picture of war  Shiite Muslims who fled Syria for Lebanon tell of an 'ethnic cleansing' campaign by rebels intent on creating a Sunnirun Islamic state. South Korea cyberattack traced to U.S. and Europe, not China James Cameron donates Deapsea Challenger submarine to science. Not just for the Taliban anymore drones are now tracking rhino poachers Bahrain blocks Doctors Without Borders medical ethics conference Cypriots are angry at the suggestion only Russian mobsters or foreign investors will lose money. Pensioners, businesses and regular Cypriots who have large bank balances, could lose between 20 to 40 per cent of their money in a onetime tax meant to bail out the broke banks Google forces new word  ogooglebar  out of the Swedish language  Pressures Language Council Rise in Egypt Sex Assaults Sets Off Clash Over Blame Egyptian Women Blamed For Sexual Assaults Ranchers Try to Drive Tsiman Indians Off Their Land  We cant take any more abuse, Carmelo Tayo, the head of this small Tsiman indigenous village, says sadly. The community has lived for decades on land in Bolivias Amazon jungle that outsiders are now trying to gain control of. BBC News  China 'buys fighter jets and submarines from Russia' Spanish Government Bows Down To US Pressures Again, Pushes SOPALike Law To Appease Hollywood Irish town to allow residents to drink and drive Out of sight, out of mind. Every drone attack in Pakistan visualised Swiss Acupuncturist Arrested For Intentionally Infecting 16 People With HIV  Transcript Obamas speech in Israel. It is not fair that a Palestinian child cannot grow up in a state of her own, and lives with the presence of a foreign army that controls the movements of her parents every single day UK Health Minister calls for the end of routinely feeding antibiotics to farm animals to prevent superbugs The routine prophylactic use of antibiotics is not acceptable practice. BP accused of rewriting environmental record on Wikipedia. North Korea's Kim Jong Un threatens attack on US bases in Pacific BBC News  Music sales are not affected by web piracy, study finds Swaziland government sells maize donated by Japan and banks the cash Government sold 12,000 tonnes of maize and deposited money in central bank, even though Swaziland has not been able to feed itself since 1970s Somalia Gay Teen Stoned To Death. NASA Voyager 1 has not yet left the solar system or reached interstellar space Russian analyst Moscow believes Washington is gripped by strategic insanity Obama condems new Israeli settlements  live updates | World news Pope Francis will hold a major ceremony next week in the chapel of a youth prison instead of in the Vatican or a Rome basilica where it has been held before, the Vatican said on Thursday. Is it a crime for someone simply to share a link to stolen information? That seems to be the message conveyed...Barrett Brown is in legal trouble for copying and pasting a link from one chat room to another. This is scary to anyone who ever links to anything  India approved on Thursday a tougher new law to punish sex crimes, including death for repeat rape offenders, after the fatal gang rape of a student in December sparked unprecedented protests over the treatment of women in the country. Egypt's judges claim Brotherhood group is illegal, recommend dissolution A group of Egyptian judges have recommended to one of the highest administrative courts in the country that the Muslim Brotherhood should be dissolved based on its legal status Poorquality Chinese concrete could lead to skyscrapers collapsing Kurdish leader Abdullah Ocalan declares ceasefire with Turkey Burying Bad News Barclays Bank Announces 38.5 million in bankers' bonuses on budget day. News Corps' TV broadcasting licenses (including Fox News) could be revoked by the FCC because of bribery convictions in the UK. South Korea Chinese address source of attack.  'A Chinese Internet address was the source of a cyberattack on one of the South Korean companies hit in a massive computer shutdown that affected five other banks or media companies, initial findings indicated Thursday' President Of Argentina Takes Convoluted Way To Rome So Her Plane Won't Be Impounded By Hedge Fund Managers

 Britain has failed in a last ditch effort to alter EU proposals to cap bankers' salaries from next year. Member states and the European Parliament hammered out a final draft, which London failed to influence.  Icelandic MP wants to nationalize all assets of foreign creditors Roger Waters Boycott against Israel is 'way to go' Obama Israel settlements dont advance cause of peace More prisoners at Guantanamo Bay have joined a growing hunger strike that their lawyers say reflects hopelessness about their prospects of ever being freed from the detention center in Cuba. british water companies are caught avoiding tax, while raising consumer bills and paying millions to their bosses North Korea Military Warns it will Attack if US Flies B52s Again A 14 year old Indian kills herself after getting raped at school Australian State passes law ending the 'right to silence' when dealing with police.  Dennis Rodman reveals Kim Jong Un has a daughter Supreme Court issues ruling allowing foreign buyers of textbooks and movies a right to resell them in the US without the permission of the copyright owner The Bolshoi Ballet was a brothel Female dancer claims ballerinas were forced to sleep with wealthy patrons  Korea Asks US to Respond to Growing Crimes by US Soldiers Spanish pig farm investigation finds violation of EU animal welfare law pregnant sows kept in sow stalls so narrow that they cannot even turn around. Also finds painful and routine mutilations, and overcrowding, says welfare group Who among us has not followed girls? When you want to talk to a woman she wont at first, you have to put in a lot of effortIts the same all over the country.
says an Indian legislator during the debate for passing antirape bill, in India's lower house of Parliament. Cyber attack paralyzed three news networks and two major banks in South Korea Builder Saves 2 Year Old Girl's Life in Supermarket.  Canada's 'No' To Iraq War A Defining Moment For Prime Minister, Even 10 Years Later Five men arrested for sexually harassing a Norwegian woman... in India. Panama 'tax haven' for weathly Germans  Forget Switzerland; some of Germany's richest families, including Porsche and coffee giant Jacobs, have farflung businesses registered in oftforgotten tax haven Panama  86 elephants killed in Chad poaching massacre Poachers in Chad slaughter 89 elephants  Pregnant females and calves among those killed for tusks, as African governments prepare to hold antipoaching talks. Cyprus votes no on bailout that would have seized money directly from bank accounts, with not one vote in favour of the bill Saudi princes not immune from UK law, court rules. High court judgment against father and son could aggravate tensions in relations between Britain and Saudi Arabia US Supreme Court upholds first sale doctrine  A U.S. group that tracks clergy abuse called on Pope Francis to apologize Tuesday for what it called the Argentine church's protection of two priests who were eventually convicted of abusing children. US allegedly coordinates transfer of 3,000 tons of weapons to Syria militants Palestinians in Bethlehem set fire to pictures of US President Barack Obama, saying he was not welcome in their city. Scotland may allow Jedi to perform marriage ceremonies. Twitter sued 32m for refusing to reveal antisemites  French court ruled Twitter must hand over details of people who'd tweeted racist & antisemitic remarks, & set up a system that'd alert police to any further such posts as they happen. Twitter ignored the ruling. Jim McCormick is on trial, accused of modifying $20 novelty golf ball finders and selling them to governments for up to $60,000  touting them as Explosive detectors China on track to overtake America as the world's biggest economy in 2016 State of emergency imposed in central Burma  Gangs of Buddhists including monks are reported to be roaming the city attacking Muslims, hundreds of whom have taken refuge in a local football stadium Seven years ago, the newlyelected Pope Francis urged Turkey to unconditionally recognize the Armenian Genocide. Police sending 200,000 'ScratchNSniff' cannabis cards to train British people it's scent along with a $1,500 reward incentive in order to rat out those who smell like pot. After Obama's visit, Israel apologizes to Turkey over flotilla deaths, agrees to pay reparations Canadian Government votes against public science.  Life after cannabis prohibition The Copenhagen Model will see the production, sale and consumption of cannabis legalised China tightens border searches to punish North Korea as US asks for sterner measures China 'fully prepared' for currency war Two tourists, an Israeli man and a Norwegian woman, have been kidnapped by armed men in the Sinai peninsula in Egypt, security officials said Japanese court sentences US musician to five years in prison for killing woman in Tokyo hotel room Brazilian Indians are fighting against their possible eviction due to World Cup construction Russias rich hiring luxurious ambulancetaxis to beat Moscows traffic jams An ArabIsraeli student interrupts President Obama in his speech while in Jerusalem, Have you really come to promote the peace process or to provide Israel with more weapons to kill the Palestinian people? On your way here did you see the West Bank security fence, or the killer of Rachel Corrie? Citizens' Campaign to Arrest Blair Continues Citizens band together to arrest former British prime minister over involvement in Iraq's invasion a decade ago Nuclear weapons Who has what? Britain set to lose second AAA credit rating Impending report by rating agency, Fitch, almost certain to downgrade UK's status because of lack of growth and rising debt
 Oman's ruler is about to pardon all dissidents jailed for defaming the leader or taking part in protests Today in horrible advertising ideas, Ford India plugs the cavernous trunk space of its Figo hatchback by depicting captive women stuffed inside. Teeing off at edge of the Arctic? A Chinese plan baffles Iceland 'At the center of the drama is Huang Nubo, a former official in the Chinese Communist Partys Propaganda Department who, wants to build a luxury hotel and an eco golf course for wealthy Chinese seeking clean air and solitude' Coal & Coral Australia's SelfDestructive Paradox  The city of Gladstone is the world's 4th largest coalexport hub. It's also a jumping off point to the southern end of the Great Barrier Reef. But coal mining could eventually kill the reef that Australians revere. Lawyers alarmed as Guantanamo hunger strike grows  hunger strike expands at the US prison in Cuba Ubuntu tapped by China for national operating system  Twelve North Korean soldiers attempting to defect have been captured by Chinese troops and sent back to NK India passes rape law that sets age of consent at 18 North Korea says, North Korea is a great place for human rights. South Korea admits that the Hacking Attempt from an IP address from China was actually from a Local IP address at the same Bank Number of dead pigs found in Chinese rivers rises to 16,000 Authorities say Shanghai's water is safe, but no official explanation has yet been given for the dumping of carcasses PreViking tunic found on glacier as warming trend aids archaeology An uprising against the Taliban that began last month in this southern Afghan village has now spread through dozens of others. Father of African literature Chinua Achebe dies aged 82 1,000 dead ducks join 16,000 dead pigs floating in Chinese rivers. Netanyahu makes apology to Turkey over 2010 Gaza flotilla Thousands sign school climate change petition started by 15yearold. Esha Marwaha from west London says she is outraged that climate change has been scaled back in national curriculum
 Citizens band together to arrest former British prime minister over involvement in Iraq's invasion a decade ago BBC News  South Korea says China hack link a 'mistake' Trans teacher whose gender reassignment made news, found dead at home  Major terror attack on scale of 7/7 foiled every year in UK, police reveal Singles Caught Having Sex Face Jail Time Under Proposed Law in Indonesia | The Jakarta Globe Map of the countries that are most and least welcoming to foreigners. Surprises? New North Korean video depicts invasion of South, US hostages Italy marines return to face India charges Suicide Bomber Kills  45 People at a Mosque, Killing ProRegime Sunni Cleric More than 100 cars involved in highway pileup near Edmonton, Alberta, Canada 'Exgay' London bus advert ban ruled lawful Israel PM apologies to Turkey for Gaza flotilla deaths South African electricity consumers are subsidising BHP Billiton, allowing 2 smelters to pay 20% for electricity what every user in the country pays. Rare earths treasure trove found in seabed near MinamiTorishima  Scientists said that they have identified rich seabed deposits of rare earth elements in a Japanese exclusive economic zone near MinamiTorishima, a coral reef 2,000 kilometers southeast of Tokyo. b'CIA warns Barack Obama that British terrorists are the biggest threat to the US' b'Bankers at RBS, a bank saved from bankruptcy by 20bn of tax money, looking at 1bn of bonuses' b'Halliburton Unit to Plead Guilty to Massive CheneyEra Bribery Scheme' It is illegal for a company in the US to boycott Israel and the punishment for this 'crime' is a $50,000 fine or five times the value of the exports involved, whichever is greater Iran's former president Mohammad Khatami has ended months of speculation by announcing that he will run in June's presidential election.  b'Whalers pelt activists with bleeding chunks of blubber' b'Blood flows in Madagascar streets (WARNING GRAPHIC PHOTOS)' b'At least 84 dead in Victorian bushfires'  'Unknown sources' helped post exBART cop's $3 million bail b'Israeli Arabs fear a Gaza backlash as far right prepares for power role' b'35+ die in bushfire carnage in Australia as countrytowns are wiped off the map' Australia's worst bushfire disaster Death toll still climbing. NATO to participate in escalation in Afghanistan under the pretense of fighting the 'war on drugs' and the assumption that the Taliban doesn't have popular support b'Blaze in Australia most deadly since 1983' b'Notice a trend here?' b'Hamas negotiators caught leaving Egypt with million stuffed into suitcases' b'No more taking pictures of people in public in Europe anymore' b'Toxic French aircraft carrier to be dismantled in UK' b'India wants Pakistan declared a terrorist state' Area size of Rhode Island burnt in Australia's largest bush fires ever. Iran's Khatami to run for office  b'Bathing 13 Centuries Ago' b'NZ spy agency spied on MP' b'US diplomat expelled from Ecuador' b'Antisemitism (not antiIsraelism) rises in the UK' b'Why Canada may be the financial capital of the world here shortly. ' b'Yahya says he used to go to university and wanted to be a teacher one day. Now I will have a life of hospitals. I know I will just need medical care forever.As we left the room, we found Yahya's elder brother outside, wiping away tears.  ' b'Israel trying to make Obama its bitch. Will he stand up to them?' b'Police Seize UK Indymedia Server' Ecuador's President Rafael Correa on Saturday ordered the expulsion of a US official from the country, accusing him of treating the country like a colony. b'The American military helped plan and pay for a recent attack on a notorious Ugandan rebel group, but the offensive went awry, scattering fighters who carried out a wave of massacres as they fled, killing as many as 900 civilians.' b'Johann Hari The nightmare of Netanyahu returns' b'I want a man like Putin' Man avoids execution because court can't tell which twin is which The medieval price an author pays for insulting Thailand's monarchy b'Putin denies dancing to Abba hits' Taliban fighters beheaded a Polish hostage in Pakistan Saturday, according to a spokesman for the militants who said the body wouldn't be handed over until some captured Taliban were released. b'Arrests over Israel boycott in Tesco's (video) The two filled their trollies with dates, fresh herbs, fruit and salads. The trollies, full of produce were upturned at the supermarket entrance and covered in fake blood to represent the lives lost in Gaza.' b'BBC World Poll results As was the case last year, Iran, Israel and Pakistan are the three countries rated most negatively. [pdf]' b'US Helped Plan And Finance Failed Rout Of Ugandan Rebels That Led To Massacre of 900+ Civilians' Police 'kill many' in Madagascar b'As Sri Lanka Fighting Seems Near an End, Fears Rise Over What Comes Next' b'Is Japan actually in worse financial shape than everyone except Iceland and Eastern European countries?' b'Never forget Obama is doubling troop levels in Afghanistan to fight the Taliban, a regime the United States helped create and take over Afghanistan in the first place.' b'Startled Iraqis welcome,sort of, their first tourist' b'Italian tourist visits Falluja' b'Flashmob of ATM crooks scores $9 million in 49 cities ' b'Media 14 killed in Australian wildfires ' b'Hidden Truth for Every One!!Burning of the Unarmed Civilians in Gaza' b'Kissinger held secret talks in Russia' b'Escapee Tells of Horrors in North Korean Prison Camp' b'Indian police have arrested a man for writing a book blaming Hindus for deadly antiChristian violence in the country's east earlier this year...' b'Violent unrest grows  Greekinspired protests spread across Europe' b'European democracy Ireland who rejected the Lisbon treaty in 2008 will have to vote for it again in 2009 and again and again and again until they do exactly what Brussels tells them to do' b'Countries Ranked by Political Corruption' b'Bodies pile up as Mugabe wages war on diamond miners' b'Russia May Join OPEC??' b'Kick Ass Retired Marine Corps General who has repeatedly beaten the U.S. Navy in wargames lays out his strategy for defeating the pirates' World's most valuable resource, a curse for most Nigerians. Though Nigeria is one of world's richest oil states; people are among poorest in world b'GREEK UNREST SPREADS  Solidarity Protests Across Europe Turn Violent' 'There is no cholera in this country'  Mugabe b'A Chain Reaction of Proliferation How each country got its bombs, visualized.' b'Strike Cripples Riot Torn Greece  Government Hangs by Fraying Threads' b' Blast at Iraq restaurant kills 47 ' b'Study Reports Anal Sex on Rise Among Teens.  Go teens go! ' b'A Terrorist Gets the Judicial Middle Finger' b'Mumbai attacks honest Mumbai ex police officer exposes the corruption and lack of motivation in the police force. Swifter action and better equipment could have prevented attack' Think that Zimbabwe's problems are all caused by Mugabe, with the West as innocent bystander? Think again Caylee's skeletal remains found  Now will Nancy Grace shut up? b'India unveils plans for new FBIstyle security service' b'Jamaica Gangs oust 200 people from homes' b'Pakistan police detain founder of group blamed for Mumbai terror' b'Lawyers march as more dissidents are snatched in Zimbabwe' b'The priceless expressions of an Australian family that ate some poo.' WalMart Takes Accident Victim's Legal Winnings b'Scottish activist films Israeli navy shooting at Gaza fishermen' b'The most senior judge in Saudi Arabia has said it is permissible to kill the owners of satellite TV channels which broadcast immoral programmes' b'There is no such organisation as Al Qaeda. The spooks know this, Cabinet Ministers know this and so do the security correspondents' b'About 60 countries get annual military aid from the United States, $4.5 billion a year, to help them buy American weapons' Chile's precocious teens cast aside sexual taboos b'Medvedev I dont want a militarised country sheltering behind an iron curtain. I lived in such a country and it was uninteresting and tedious.Russia has quite different values from the Soviet Union' b'Within a matter of days, events on the Afghan border seem to be creating a perfect storm of mistrust and conflict between the United States and Pakistan' b'Israeli settlers on a killing spree ... Israel does nothing to stop it, esp since its a common phenomenon,' b'Afghanistan U.S. killed 90 civilians after false tip' b'Intelligence officer claims CIA was complicit in torture in Uzbekistan' b'Germany Stern.de exposes CIA link to Islamic terror plot' b'Bolivia Paramilitary Death Squadrons Kill Men, Women and Children' b'Plane Crashes in Russia with 87 on Board' b'Belfast child to end police Taser use in the UK?' b'20 police officers have just been shot dead in Ashkhabad, Turkmenistan...' Israeli Gov't might actually kick out Jewish settlers b'Saakashvili had long planned a military strike to seize back the breakaway region of South Ossetia but executed it poorly, making it easy for Russia to retaliate, his former defence minister said.' b'Iran American investors can invest in all areas of our country' b'China 432 babies now sick from tainted milk' Islamic sharia courts in Britain are now 'legally binding' b'Muslim preacher  Have more babies and Muslims can take over the UK' b'Bolivian government confirms 16 deaths in regional rebellion ' b'Risking Armageddon for cash' b'The New Audi Q7 V12 TDI is set to Launch [Pics]' b'Those who argue that the West should be bolder in its response to a newly assertive Russia are trying to use their memories of the past' The International Olympic Committee agreed to website censorship. Critics decry Olympic committee's 'spineless' move of caving into the Olympic Games' authoritarian hosts. How Saudi Arabia's Prince Bandar muscled Tony Blair into silence. b'Son of Hamas leader converts to Christianity, denounces Islam' b' Reuters seeks evidence on why cameraman held in Iraq' b'Pentagon Attempted To CoverUp KBRs Negligence In Electrocution Of U.S. Soldier' b'Mexico, like Switzerland, is fast becoming one of the recommended destinations for socalled death tourists' b'Body of ballooning priest found at sea' b'Bush Administration Demands Japan Shoulder War Costs' b'China accuses US of trying to sabotage Olympics' b'UK CCTV Cameras installed in cinemas.. watching you watching' b'Korean TV Leaks the Olympics opening ceremony to YouTube (VIDEO)' Radovan Karadzic tells UN court 'US tried to kill me'  b'Beer Tourism' b'One year of labor for posting photos. No charge. No trial. No appeals.' b'Unidentified disease with Ebola like symptoms kills 3, Chinese officials say there was some influenza' British girl's remains found in suitcase in Brazil Israel's Olmert to Step Aside Amid Corruption Probes b'Man Decapitated on Greyhound bus' China lashes out at U.S. for 'politicizing Beijing Olympics' b'World leaders trade blame as WTO talks fail' b'Love, blackmail and rape  how alQaeda grooms women as perfect weapons' b'An online hoax becomes a source about Karadzic' b'Robert Jensen Universal Patterns within Cultural Diversity  Patriarchy Makes Men Crazy and Stupid' b'China to Limit Web Access During Olympic Games' b'5 Most Famous Cases of Gender Issues at the Olympics' b'[pic] Israeli tshirt kill pregnant women, that way you kill two in one shot' Wow Sri Lanka's Ministry of Defense have a map of the battle against the Tamil Tigers with photos and timelines...  b'North Korea confirms American journalists have been arrested' b'Israeli Soldier Says Military Rabbis Framed Gaza Mission as Religious' Israel's 'right of return' applies to all Jews, even ones who don't have ancestors who might have been in Israel from a thousand years ago, yet Israel is the only developed nation on earth which denies refugees 'right of return' REUTERS Rabbi's pushed 'religious war against the Gentiles'  India has the world's highest rate of road fatalities. 70% of those killed are pedestrians and bicyclists. 25% drive motorized twowheelers. b'Billions of pounds of toxic subprime mortgages were bought by Royal Bank of Scotland traders in a spree that was not disclosed to the banks board. ' b'Israeli Army TShirts Mock Killing Palestinian Women And Children During Gaza Offensive' An increasingly disturbing picture of the Israeli army's conduct in the Gaza war emerged Friday, as new witness accounts from Israeli troops described wanton vandalism to Palestinian homes, humiliation of civilians and loose rules of engagement that resulted in unnecessary civilian deaths. George Galloway replies 'Canada can't muzzle me. To ban me from the country for my views on Afghanistan is absurd, hypocritical, and in vain' b'Afghanistan is on the brink of chaos That is the stark message from local leaders, the US military and development workers in the troubled country.' b'Dubai will one day be seen as a punctuation mark on the architectural follies of the past half century' Israelis told to fight 'holy war' in Gaza b'New video and photos provide irrefutable proof of Chinese brutality in Tibet says Tibetan Govt. inexile' The shadow banking system in Europe isn't so much dead as being kept on life support by banks and central banks in what amounts to a risky attempt to avoid the reckoning. Tamil Tigers 'finished', says former leader UK govt's 'sexy' condom campaign to encourage young women to carry condomssparks row While the modern logical world keeps spinning, the Pope talks about sorcery, spirits, and witchcraft as if it's the 13th century Israel soldier calls order during Gaza assault 'murder' North Korea  Two journalists from Al Gore's Current TV have been detained in North Korea. b'Hungary PM to step down' b'US efforts to eradicate opium poppy crops in Afghanistan have been wasteful and ineffective, the US envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan says.' b'Over one million workers protest across France' b'Israeli troops admit abuses in Gaza TheRealNews' I said, 'Hi, I'm a guy from Canada. There is someone about to set fire to a school. b'The Apartheid State of Israel Bans Palestinians Cultural Events' Monsanto's Bt Cotton Kills the Soil as Well as Farmers b'A Quiet Revolution Grows in the Muslim World' b'Death Squad Leader Was Top Cia Agent (from Sunday Herald)' b'South Africa bans Dalai Lama from peace conference' b'Racist Attacks on Arabs in Israel increased tenfold in 2008' b'UN Privatising Water is Denying People a Human Right' b'AIG warns staff to travel in pairs after death threats over bonuses' After the Gaza assault and rightwing election win, Israel is rebranding itself to improve its image. Because Israel's problems are a matter of better propaganda, and not one of an underlying unjust situation b'Gaza war crime claims gather pace as more troops speak out' b'Tibetans attack police station, 93 monks arrested' b' Israeli Troops Admit Gaza Abuses ' Muslim man suffered 'gross brutality' during terrorism raid, court told b'When DJs Ruled The World' b'Someone even managed to defecate into the photocopier ' b'The authorities impose a regime intentionally and openly based on the separation principle, the result of which is legal and physical segregation between the Israeli settlers and the Palestinian majority  in Hebron, a city which is supposed to be Palestinian controlled' b'Turns out AIG execs were paid more than previously thought...' b'Remembering the 1999 NATO led War on Yugoslavia Kosovo Freedom Fighters Financed by Organized Crime' US will appoint Afghan 'prime minister' to bypass Hamid Karzai and his Corrupt Government b'British PM to take war on terror to a whole new level' b'Israeli officials unconcerned about U.S. 'fury' over Israel's demolition of East Jerusalem homes.  This issue will lead to nothing, said a senior government official.' b'America floats plan to tempt Taliban into peace process' b'Cut your name in to someone Predatorstyle, get a twoyear community sentence.' b'Car bomb defused in Haifa, Israel' b'Support a Senate Inquiry into the Church of Scientology' b'Several Palestinians have been injured after Israeli aircraft carried out airstrikes against targets in the Gaza Strip, officials say.' b'Yesterday Hamas announced an agreement with other militants to halt rocket fire into Israel.  Within hours, Israeli fighter jets bombed multiple locations in Gaza and injured seven Palestinians.  Does Israel want peace?' b'Pakistan coming disaster Half its 180 million population is under 20, 66% are under 30. Pakistans population should exceed 260 million by 2030, and 335 million by 2050.Only half of children go to primary school, a quarter to secondary school and just 5% receive higher education.' b'Hamas threatens other Palestinians Anyone in Gaza who cooperated with the poll would be 'dealt with by the ministry or by other means'' b'Hamas in Gaza says it has reached an agreement with other militant groups to stop firing rockets into Israeli territory.' b'Hamas reaches agreement with other militant groups to stop firing rockets into Israeli territory.  Israel responds with A) Lifting the blockade. Or. B) Launching Israeli Air strikes against Gaza' b'Shocking levels of racism are commonly accepted in Israel' b'Iran has begun five days of largescale war games to simulate attacks on its nuclear sites, officials said, warning it will retaliate if provoked.' b'I really feel that the lack of effort this year has really paid off.' b'Coal mine blast kills 42 in China, 66 trapped ' b'At Least *421* Die in Chinese Mine Explosion' b'Israeli aircraft strike Gaza targets  Military says action is retaliation for Palestinian rocket fire' Canadian government was fending off calls for a public inquiry on torture after senior diplomat formerly stationed in Kabul claims troops 'handed over for severe torture a lot of innocent people' b'Chavez describes himself as a brother of presidents Mugabe of Zimbabwe and Ahmadinejad of Iran.' b'Shots have been fired at police in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. Finger pointed at dissident republicans' Israelis and former Israelis are behind many of the world's Internet sites that sell counterfeit or other illegal drugs involved in pharmaceutical crimes, providing useless or dangerous products to people who think they are getting the real thing b'Australian troops using hard drugs in Afghanistan, Iraq' b'Fatah Officials Warn of Third Palestinian Intifada' b'UAE deportations raise questions in Lebanon  As more than 200 Lebanese await answers over why they were ejected from the U.A.E., experts point to paranoia in Gulf nations over Iran.' b'IAF launches fresh strikes against Gaza weapons factories, smuggling tunnels ' b'Security forces in Afghanistan have killed or captured more than 30 highlevel militants, including many accused of participating in roadside bomb attacks, military officials said.' b'Indonesian authorities say they believe most of the 226 passengers who were aboard a ferry which has sunk near Batam Island will be rescued.' b'Sri Lanka allows freedom of movement for war displaced civilians ' b'An auction house says it is selling a rare first edition of Charles Darwin's On the Origin of Species found in a family's guest lavatory in southern England.' Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak says the NSA whistleblower gave up his own life . . . to help the rest of us. FIFA Officials Arrested on Corruption Charges; Face Extradition to U.S. Scottish Government creationism banned from science class UK's biggest male rape charity Survivors UK has state funding slashed to zero despite 120% rise in men reporting sexual violence and seeking help Fifa 'took bribes for 2010 World Cup' Vatican says Ireland gay marriage vote is 'defeat for humanity.' A court in eastern China fined a manufacturer of weed killer 75 million yuan and imprisoned employees of the company and its contractors for discharging wastewater that severely polluted streams. Israel asking U.S. for 50% increase in next defense assistance package UK porn filters could be illegal under EU ruling Parliament in Greenland unanimously approves samesex marriage Psychedelic drugs should be legally reclassified, medical uses explored  academics  Psychedelic drugs such as magic mushrooms and LSD should be legally reclassified so researchers can investigate their potential medical uses 1,433 men  including 76 politicians, 43 music stars and 135 TV, film or radio entertainers  have been identified by abuse survivors. Erdogan's palace declared illegal by Turkish court The Turkish Supreme Court has ruled that the construction of an 1,100room palace by President Erdogan was illegal. The palace was constructed on protected land. U.N. Reports About 200 Million Fewer Hungry People Today Than in 1990 U.S. Accuses Soccer Officials of Decades of Rampant, Systemic and DeepRooted Corruption Elons SpaceX Gets Certified For National Security Launches Hamas used its 2014 Gaza war with Israel to settle scores with rival Palestinians, executing at least 23 and arresting and torturing dozens of others in possible war crimes, Amnesty International said Wednesday. AdBlock Plus secures another court victory in Germany Scientists are planning to ship ice to the Antarctic. They're afraid that mountain glaciers around the world are melting as a result of climate change and want to store samples of ice in a new vault in the coldest place on Earth. ISIS most dangerous sniper in Ramadi killed by Iraqi police Hamas Is Accused of Killing and Torturing Palestinians Over 70% of Everest glacier may be lost by 2100 Rocket sirens sound in southern Israel, at least one confirmed to not be a false alarm The world is sinking under too much debt and an ageing global population means countries' debt piles are in danger of growing out of control, the European chief executive of Goldman Sachs Asset Management has warned. Iraqi Militia forces capture 100's of ISIS fighters in Anbar, Ramadi after strategic trap (MIC) b'Well, now we're fucked. British Government to allow snooping on cloud storage, give powers to any person as may be specified with or for the purposes of facilitating prevention of reduction of online infringement of copyright, speed limitations/disconnections for offenders, etc.' Do music artists fare better in a world with illegal filesharing? The graph the record industry doesn't want you to see. b'Why the olives? Israeli settler vandals savage another olive grove; It will take 10 years for the trees to bear fruit again' b'Japanese whalers set sail yesterday on their annual mission to kill hundreds of the marine creatures for alleged scientific purposes, causing diplomatic problems for their government.' Colombia says its military on 'maximum alert' after Venezuela destroyed two border bridges. b'53% of Israelis polled prefer ethnic cleansing as a final solution to the Palestinian problem' Apartheid in Israel Palestinians don't have the right to build a Football Stadium Someone has stolen Mussolini's Brain and tried to sell it on Ebay. No joke. Galileo's lasting message to the catholic church b'Swine flu kills four in Saudi Arabia on Hajj pilgrimage' b'Lebanese General tells military, prepare for Israeli attack' Four in 10 Australians believe Australia's projected population of 35 million by 2049 will be too many people, according to an Age/Nielsen poll. b'At an informal secret meeting the heads of government of the 27 EU member state appointed Herman Van Rompuy to be the first President of the European Union.' b'Dalai Lama praises Obama for urging ChinaTibet talks' b'W5 investigates intriguing new theory about MS' b'H1N1 Mutation Discovered' America's farmersoldiers in Afghanistan  An Indiana National Guard unit is helping Afghan farmers to help themselves. b'Afghanistan War Casualties' b'Wife punished cheating husband with her suicide and killing his 3 daughters' b'Mario Borghezio, Italian member of the European Parliament is a crazy conspiracy kook He speaks out against all three EU president candidates being bilderberg and trilateral commission members.' b'AGW or MBP? 180MB of leaked (well, hacked) emails and documents blow the lid off of widespread data manipulation, collusion and suppression of valid scientific debate on global warming' b'Dancing with Evo Morales.  Documentary about the life and origins of the Bolivian president.  ' b'A UK couple has been kidnapped by pirates. The pirates have issued ransom demands. The UK government is refusing to do anything. These people are going to be killed unless something is done.' b'Hackers leak scientists emails stolen about climate change research.  Now with more climate change debate!' b' Of State Borders, Wars and Refugees  In our latest post at Left Focus Lev Lafayette considers the history of refugees with a critique ranging from Europe to Africa and beyond.  His is a passionate plea for the rights of refugees  as against to nationalist populism and opportunism.  ' Medical myth is dooming the rhino to extinction 'Driven by an urban myth in Asia  that a Vietnamese politician had his liver cancer cured by powered rhino horn  the price of horn has shot up to $38,000 per kilo, more than the price of cocaine, and approaching the price of gold.' LittleKnown Canadian Pipeline Plan Threatens British Columbia & Great Bear Rainforest  One of the largest unspoiled temperate rainforest left in the world, it's home to 1,000yrold Western Red Cedar, 90 metre Sitka Spruce, salmon, moose, & wolves.   Mexico has a stunning 7.8 million young people who neither work nor study, according to a new government study. The so called ni nis or neither nors are believed to be a major cause of instability in Mexico, with the unemployed youth providing an army of potential recruits for drug cartels.
 Ministers are planning legal action to restrict public protests during the Olympics, amid fears that Britain could be disrupted by lengthy and highprofile demonstrations. Dozens of Israeli women strip in support of Egyptian blogger It's not just our leaders who are in a crisis. Democracy itself is failing. New Italian government does not include a single elected politician  Telegraph Iceland government probes why a Chinese tycoon 
wants a big chunk of its land  Egypt protests More violence in Tahrir Square. 2 killed and 600 injured Kenya finds cleaner government is just a keystroke away  Kenya is promoting cleaner government by computerizing many of the tasks that used to be handled by bureaucrats  who might seek bribes to expedite requests. Pirate To Join European Parliament As Youngest Member Amelia Andersdotter will be the second Pirate Party member to take a seat at the European Parliament in Brussels  Egyptian riot police have clashed for a second day with rockthrowing protesters demanding that the ruling military quickly announce a date to hand over power to an elected government.  Secretive North Korea is expected to register the one millionth cellphone user on its new 3G network by the end of the year, barely four years after people were thrown into prison camps, or possibly even executed, for owning one. When bankers were good.Far from being socially useless, Victorian financiers campaigned to end slavery, built homes for the poor and saved fallen women.  Dominican presidential candidate and head of one of the parties that make up the current government favors drug legalization Luis Acosta Moreta says drug prohibition creates corruption and social decay Japans nuclear crisis leaves behind wasteland In the 12mile zone around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant, the world has stood still since March 11. Some 78,000 people lived here; only a handful have been permitted to return. Khmer Rouge trio face trial in Cambodia  Survivors recall torture and executions as former Brother Number Two and two other Pol Potera officials face justice. Syria Baath Party in Damascus hit by rockets At least two rocketpropelled grenades have hit a building of Syria's governing Baath Party in the capital Damascus, residents and activists say. Egyptian forces burn protest tents in Tahrir CAIRO (AP)  Egyptian soldiers and police set fire to tents in the middle of Cairo's Tahrir Square and fired tear gas and rubber bullets in a major assault Sunday to drive out thousands of protesters after two days of clashes. China vice premier sees chronic global recession  A longterm global recession is certain to happen and China must focus on domestic problems, Chinese Vice Premier Wang Qishan has said. Three Killed and hundreds inured in an Egyptian police and army assault on protesters in Tahrir Square BBC News  How much has Egypt really changed? Centerright wins Spain election
 Germany The reluctant superpower Arab League rejects Syria demand Egypt  Pile of bodies spotted in Tahrir Square, surrounded by police. This is How Terrifying Cairo is Tonight  
Horrifying video & images are emerging of Egyptian security forces beating protesters in Cairo, as reports of military units firing into the crowds continue to spread. Pakistani government orders all text messages sent from mobile phones that contain any of a list of over 1000 obscene words be censored. Phone networks struggling to cope.   Tragically, widespread newspaper abuse has become so endemic, it has crippled the country's ability to conduct a sensible debate about the war on drugs  Charlie Brooker/The Guardian Latest update on Egypt unrest 22 dead and 1500 injured Israeli right wing group mapping Jerusalem businesses that employ Arabs The goal of Hebrew Labor project is 'to warn the public' against buying from businesses that employ Arabs. Violence in Cairo may be leading toward a second uprising Russian Martial Arts Fans Boo Putin at Televised Event BBC News  UK's debts 'biggest in the world' It's five times more than the value of everything we produce. Chevron takes full responsibility for oil spill off the coast of Brazil.  Rightwing group mapping Jerusalem businesses that employ Arabs  Meir Ettinger, a resident of the West Bank settlement of Yitzhar, says goal of Hebrew Labor project is 'to warn the public' against buying from businesses that employ Arabs. Egypt's Military Takes Off the Mask   The military justice system should never be used to investigate or prosecute civilians. Military courts are fundamentally unfair, as they deprive defendants of basic fair trial guarantees. Report Hezbollah captures U.S. spies in Lebanon, Iran Spanish socialists hit record low in Spanish elections, conservatives obtain absolute majority. Deadly New Clashes in Egypt's Tahrir Square [pics] Egypts Civilian Government Submits Offer to Resign A Credit Crisis in China's Most Enterprising City Is Making the Country Nervous Globally, Aidsrelated deaths are at the lowest level since their 2005 peak, down 21%, figures from UNAids suggest. U.S. spy rings busted in devastating blow. Iran and Hezbollah round up more than a dozen CIA spies after what some are calling major tactical blunders. Turkey warns Assad against ruling through violence You can remain in power with tanks and cannons only up to a certain point, Turkish PM Erdogan said.  Turkish bus ambushed by Syrian gunmen Bahrain has charged 20 members of its security forces with abusing protesters during recent antigovernment demonstrations In Tahrir Square, unmoved by cabinet resignation, tens of thousands of people chanting 'The people want the downfall of the Field Marshal (Scaf head Mohamed Hussein Tantawi). Bangladesh war crimes trial begins in Dhaka  A leader of a Bangladesh Islamist party has gone on trial accused of crimes against humanity during the country's independence struggle against Pakistan. The New Wild West West Africas Petroleum Act,  guided by agreements with oil companies, was rushed through as an emergency bill, & few people were consulted. Oil should be an economic boon for the country, but watchdog groups fear devastating impact on humans & environment b'Everyone started running toward us, Ms. Nuez said. We thought there was a fight. Then we saw this guy with blood coming out of his mouth, and the killer right behind him, putting this thing away. I didnt know what it was. Instinctively, Ms. Nuez reached for her camera...' b'Dubai Tourists imprisoned for sesame seeds, jet lag pills, overthecounter cold medications and painkillers' b'On the extreme, inescapable limitation of human mind Uganda proposes death penalty for HIV positive gays' b'unfreeze, Israel  approved 28 new schools for  settlements in the West Bank, a day after it  announced a 10month halt to new residential  building' Interesting Analysis of the US and UK 'special relationship' b'Sikh advocate brutally beaten, forced to convert to Islam in Pakistan' b'A meeting of selfstyled freegans is taking place in Bristol, culminating in a meal assembled from waste food. Freegan Mark Boyle is marking his first year of living without cash with a festival of freeconomics. ' b'A girl of 16 has received 50 lashes in Sudan for wearing a skirt ' b'Shirin Ebadi won the Nobel Peace Prize for promoting democracy in Iran. The Iranian government confiscated her medal and diploma and is holding it ransom for $410,000.' b'Israel Greets Start of Settlement Freeze With New Construction' b'The Swedes found a new use for bunnies.' For 15 months, Binyam Mohamed has watched as 2 British High Court judges have tried to release info conveyed by US intel services to their UK counterparts regarding his torture. But the judges have been thwarted by David Miliband, who said disclosure would threaten Britain's intel sharing with US b'Sin Patron Stories From Argentina's WorkerRun Factories  there is no law. It only exists for the powerful. We announced that we didn't want to shoot anyone, but...' Dog Meat Mafia  A report into the seedy world of South East Asia's booming dog meat trade b'Scores killed or hurt in Russia train crash' b'Islam in the Land of the Rising Sun' b'10,000 E. African albinos in hiding after killings' b'UN climate scientists turn on each other UN Scientist Declares Climategate colleagues Mann, Jones and Rahmstorf should be barred from the IPCC process  They are not credible any more ' b'President Sarkozy works to get bail for a pedophiliac rapist.' b'What happens if Dubai goes under?' b'Philip Morris ordered to pay $300 million to smoker' b'Military Spending Worldwide' b'We Are Becoming A Servile State' b'In Yemen, traditions and chaotic governance block efforts to build a sustainable water supply' b'A Honduran teacher active in resistance against the coup was kidnapped and then shot, presumably by agents of the illegitimate government. '