 Russian opposition politician and former deputy PM Boris Nemtsov shot dead on Moscow street Egyptian court rules Hamas a terrorist organisation Israel said to seek additional $300 million from US for missile defense Officials reportedly turn to Congress to make request, bypassing White House amid spat over PMs upcoming speech. The European Union, Japan and other nations hunting for eastern Atlantic Bluefin tuna are fearful that Turkeys unilateral decision to exceed catch limits agreed upon last year is threatening the stocks recovery and the organization regulating its conservation. Putin condemns the vile and cynical murder of Boris Nemtsov, calling him a principled person who acted openly, consistently and never betrayed his views. Norway arrests radical preacher who praised Charlie Hebdo killers US Spy Chief''Turkey does not place a high priority on fighting The Islamic State and as a result foreign fighters are able to travel through the country into Syria'' 17 years after acquisition from the UK and with only 1 sub able to fire torpedoes, Canadian preowned submarine fleet declared ready for operations Stolen Picasso worth $2.5 Million (The Hairdresser) Found by US Customs in Newark, after it disappeared from a Paris storeroom in 2001 Saakashvili hints Putin may be behind Nemtsov murder 35,000 individuals have reportedly signed up to join Ukraines information army  the new project drafted by the countrys Ministry of Information Policy which seeks to combat the Russian occupation on the information front. Massive Fireball Explodes Over Kochi, India, triggers panic in city. Good news China's latest survey finds increase in wild giant panda population Putin cuts staff's salaries by 10% Japan to create a CIAesque intel agency within the year South African teen kidnapped at birth found at same school as biological sister 17 years after kidnapping Jews, Christians and Muslims in Israel unite to repair Mount Zion cemeteries Former Mossad head urges Israeli voters to oust Binyamin Netanyahu Hungary's premier rejects immigration, multicultural society Life 'not as we know it' possible on Saturn's moon Titan Quebec Court supports judge who refused case unless hijab removed The United Nations has asked Austria for an explanation after a British woman complained that her 25yearold disabled son has been left stranded in their home every time there is bad weather because of bureaucratic red tape. Alcoholic Russian bears to move to Romania to sober up One of CNN's aviation experts thinks Putin stole missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 Poland to Pay $262,000 to Inmates Held at Secret C.I.A. Prison Once the highway network is completed, an estimated 15,000 additional people will switch from driving to biking... The bike highway alone is expected to save Copenhagen's health care system some $60 million a year. Ireland calls for minimum Internet speeds of 30Mbps EU states appear poised to blow US minimum levels of service out of the water Arctic sea ice hit its lowest extent ever recorded  When your children ask how and why it all went so wrong, point them to yesterday's date, and explain that the world is not led by rational people.  Apple loses Samsung patent case in Japan After Banning Circumcision, German Courts Are Going After Baby Ear Piercing  Dad supports fiveyearold son in a slightly less than traditional manner. Barclays makes 500m betting on food crisis Iranian TV translator tampers with Egyptian President Morsi speech, replacing Syria with Bahrain throughout the entire speech An adolescent boy and a young girl have been beheaded in two separate incidents in Afghanistan, local officials and police said on Friday, in the latest brazen attacks that have raised fresh questions about a splintering Taliban. As Kurdish flags fly over border towns, they seem to signal the end of Syria as a unitary state, despite efforts by Turkey and Syrian rebel forces to push the genie of Kurdish nationalism back into the lamp. Gottfrid Svartholm Warg  One of four Piratebay founders arrested yesterday in Cambodja Norway prison seeks 'friends' to play hockey, chess with mass killer Breivik Hikers discover wreckage of plane carrying Indian diplomatic mail & newspapers from 1966  The diplomatic pouch was intact, & the Indian Embassy in Paris has confirmed the discovery in the Alpine glacial ice near Mont Blanc U.S. scalesback military exercise with Israel, making it more difficult for the Israeli government to launch a preemptive strike on Tehran's nuclear program Empowering Prague's Homeless by Hiring Them as Tour Guides Vladimir Putin, President of the Russian Federation We should carry out the same powerful, allembracing leap forward in modernization of the defense industry as the one carried out in the 1930s  Oscarwinning film American Beauty banned in Russia for containing homophobia and gay propaganda.  Cardinal Carlo Martini says Church '200 years behind' the times. Thieves Hit Warehouse Holding $30 Million Of Canadian Maple Syrup Woman acquitted of driving under the influence of marijuana. Quebec sisters died in Thailand from drinking DEET. Though the chemical is a potentially neurotoxic mosquito repellent, it is used as an ingredient in a euphoriainducing cocktail that is popular among youth in Thailand...cough syrup, Coke, DEET + ground up kratom leaves, a mild narcotic Argentina to track all credit card purchases & impose 15% tax on all foreign transactions. Centuriesold theological disputes have broken out in cyberspace as religions aim to influence the future presentation of faith on the Internet. 120member Nonaligned Nations unanimously decrees support for Iran's nuclear energy program; criticize US for its unilateral economic sanctions against Iran Australians are fending off threats to their right to privacy from all directions First, AG Roxons push to expand govt online surveillance powers... then the Senate approved a bill granting authorities the power to require phone and ISPs to store up to 180 days worth of personal data South Africa to drop murder charges against miners Cleric planted evidence of Koran desecration by 13yo girl; seeked to get rid of christians.  Melting glacier reveals World War I ammunition A Pakistani cleric who accused a 14 year old Christian girl of blasphemy has himself been arrested for tampering with evidence.  Iran and North Korea sign agreement to cooperate in science and technology, declaring that the two countries have common enemies. Germany Rabbi brutally beat in front of his sixyearold daughter sparks outrage Half of the 6,000 plus spoken languages today will disappear by the end of the century.  Canadian military store owner defends selling Nazi memorabilia, saying it's part of history If cannabis impairs the IQ of those who smoke as teenagers, then legalising it is the best way to mitigate that harm Egypt Shuts Down Last Jewish Synagogue. For the first time in 2,000 years, this year there will be no Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur services at the Eliyahu Hanavi Synagogue in Alexandria.
 Worlds oldest bank faces uncertain future. In Italy, the oldest bank in the world has survived the Borgias, pestilence and too many wars to count. Now, a mundane foe has proved far more dangerous Italian government debt. Canada Hunts Maple Syrup Thieves  They've stolen millions of dollars worth of highly prized maple syrup from a storage facility. The 'Federation of Quebec Maple Syrup Producers' noticed empty barrels after inventory.  It's unclear how much was stolen.
 The Syrian resistance now has antiaircraft missiles after raiding Government air defense base.  Imam held in Pakistan blasphemy case Pakistani police have arrested an imam accused of planting burnt pages of the Koran in the bag of a Christian girl accused of blasphemy Mexican cartels now trafficking  cigarettes? Putin calls for Stalinstyle [military] leap forward Migron settlers begin leaving homes Israeli armyJewish settlers began leaving the unauthorized outpost of Migron in the occupied West Bank on Sunday, obeying an Israeli supreme court order to vacate their homes by Tuesday. Iran could be shaping its nuclear ambitions after Japan, which has the full scope of nuclear technology but has stopped short of actually producing a weapon. It creates, in effect, a de facto nuclear power with all the parts but just not pieced together. Two Afghan children beheaded in separate incidents  We are not sure if she was beheaded by her family or the Taliban Turkish Tanker Spilling Oil on South African Beaches  Run aground 3 yrs ago off Cape Town, a prime tourist city, it's spilling oil onto 2 beaches after disintegrating into 3 pieces Friday. Black oil fingers are trickling toward Dolphin Beach.  Bail hopes dashed of Christian girl in Pakistan blasphemy case Pakistan police arrest Muslim cleric accused of planting evidence in Christian blasphemy case The cleric allegedly planted pages of a Quran in a shopping bag containing burned papers and ash that had been carried by a Christian girl Defenders and critics in France agree that the actual impact of a law banning fullface veils in public places has been far less dramatic than the politicized prologue to it Imam held in Pakistan blasphemy case Azeri murderer is set free and becomes National Hero EU Wants to Sneak in a MiniACTA by the Backdoor U.S. Tells Iran We Won't Join Israeli Attack Why Does Canada Have a Strategic Maple Syrup Reserve?  Pakistani Imam faces blasphemy charge for trying to 
frame Christian girl for burning the Koran. Convert to Islam or leave Muslim neighborhood. Warning given to Christians in Lahore UK tells Ecuador Assange can't be extradited if he faces death penalty A woman presenter reads the news on Egypt's TV in Islamic headscarf for what is believed to be first time since 1960 In South Africa, four out of ten women say their first sexual experience was rape | Rape laws Crime and clarity Revealed US flew spy drone missions from Australia Disabled Pakistani girl framed in Koranburning case. Imam arrested for planting evidence The radical Islamists who control northern Mali appear incapable of managing basic services  including electricity, water and schools  and in some cases are asking for the return of state functionaries to run them Buddhist monks in Myanmar rally to expel minority Muslims from country China officials order pharmaceutical firms to check their suppliers after claims of gutter oil being used in antibiotics  It's reprocessed kitchen waste dredged from restaurant drains.  In April, China cracked down on workshops using rotting animals to make it. 70 egyptian generals forced into retirement  Israeli archaeologists say two animalshaped figurines discovered at the site of an Israeli highway construction project go back more than 9,000 years, and reflect the religious practices that were common in the region several millennia before Moses. BBC News  'Moonies' founder Sun Myung Moon dies at 92 Australian public urged to catch world's deadliest spiders due to antivenom shortage. Hundreds of Buddhist monks in Myanmar have staged a rally in support of President Thein Sein's proposal to send the members of the Rohingya minority group to another country. Sunday's rally in Mandalay is the latest indication of deepseated sentiment against the Rohingya. Australian troops have killed a 70 year old Imam and his son in their search for the rogue Afghan soldier who shot and killed three Australian soldiers, according to Afghan government. Paralympics Iranian athlete refuses to shake hands with Duchess of Cambridge  Gaza Man dies after setting himself on fire in poverty protest  Activist groups estimate that 5,000 people died this August in Syria in an attempt to revolt against President Bashar Assad's regime. Cardinal says Catholic church '200 years behind' China manufacturing hits threeyear low Trucks Full of Cash U.S. Firms Make Plans for Greece Euro Exit  European leaders have vowed to do all they can to keep the eurozone intact, but U.S. companies are making contingency plans in case Greece is forced to leave the currency union.  A virus that eats cancer, Cheap to 
produce, the virus is exquisitely 
precise, with only mild, flulike side
effects in humans is just sitting in a 
refrigerator in a Swedish laboratory.  Tens of thousands of elephants are being slaughtered as the ivory trade becomes militarised. Yemen official U.S. drone 'mistake' kills 13 civilians Jeremy Hunt, UK Health Secretary, thinks homeopathy works. We're one crucial step closer to seeing Tony Blair at The Hague Sweden, while publicly protesting, aided US invasion of Iraq A Swedish intelligence agency gave crucial info to US about targets for a bombing raid in the runup to Iraq invasion. At the time of the invasion thenPrime Minister Goran Persson called military attack on Iraq a breach of human rights 'A great silence is spreading over the natural world'  Islamic Clerics in Pakistan Vow to Defend and Support Framed Christian Girl No wage rise, no fly Lufthansa crews strike, 26,000 passengers stranded, almost 300 flights cancelled in Frankfurt as Berlin and Munich are joining the strike Pirate Bay Founder Will Be Deported, Cambodian Authorities Confirm Desmond Tutu with the truth again. South Africa in 2012 a is nightmare. To Back Democracy, U.S. Prepares to Cut $1 Billion From Egypts Debt Gazas Contaminated Water Worsens Health for Palestinians  The aquifer that provides water to the Gaza Strip may become unusable within four years and irreversibly damaged by 2020 unless pumping stops and major infrastructure upgrades are made, the United Nations said. Maldivian teen to face 100 lashes for sex Report | NDTV.com 16 percent of Japan's population live in poverty, 35 percent of workers are in irregular employment, and for the past 14 years more than 30,000 Japanese have taken their own lives. Africas Elephants Are Being Slaughtered in Ivory 
Poaching Frenzy A Ferrari crash kills privileged Chinese playboy and ruffles top leaders before power shift  The Washington Post BBC News  BitTorrent study finds most filesharers are monitored Fears Rising, Spaniards Pull Out Their Cash and Get Out of Spain Australian Government wants to store people's phone and Internet usage data for up to 2 years Liberia has sold quarter of its land to logging companies. Campaigners claim forests are under threat as landowners enter into deals with logging firms, bypassing sustainability laws
 In authoritarian North Korea, hints of reform  The Washington Post Julian Assange's backers lose 200,000 bail money Iran could hit U.S. bases in the Middle East in response to any Israeli strike even if American forces played no role in the attack Hezbollah Paralyzed patients regain some sensory function after neural stem cell treatment  HealthPop  CBS News 'I couldn't believe CNN was making me put what I knew to be government lies into my reporting.' 220 people evacuated from Swiss postal hub after a white substance was found in an envelope, 34 got hospitalized because they felt sick. Turns out it was cornflour. Worlds richest women calls for Australian wage cut 7.9 Earthquake off the coast of Costa Rica Attempted murder on Quebec's new prime minister. First women elected. LIVE A 74yearold farmer in a small town in southern Germany planted more than 1,000 cannabis plants in the mistaken belief they were sunflowers BP accused of gross negligence  Christians should 'leave their beliefs at home or get another job'  Explosion, Gunshot at victory speech from Canadian provincial election Iran Supplying Syrian Military via Iraq Airspace 4 Endangered Tiger Cubs & Over 100 Pangolins Found in Car by Vietnam Police   They're hunted for their fur, bones & other body parts for use in Chinese medicine.   Vietnam has 1 of    worst record in world in fight against trade in endangered species  an accusation it denies. Armenia 'ready for war' over axe killer's pardon Mexico arrests 'El Gordo,' alleged leader of Gulf Cartel drug gang Hate content against Hindus, Sikhs, Christians in Pakistan textbooks increases manifold  The Times of India British family finds medieval well under living room floor 7.9 earthquake strikes off the coast of Costa Rica Iran says it treats Israeli military threats as American 'Queen of Cocaine' Killed in Columbia Sailboat Becomes 1st to Sail Through Northwest Passage, Becoming Visual of Declining Polar Ice  Warming global temperatures &  melting polar ice caps have helped   the international 3man crew go where few have gone before Who are the Worst Tax Dodgers in Greece?   Tax evasion is so widespread & customary that bank loan officers use standard multipliers to convert reported income into real income. A doctor?  Assumed income is 2.45x reported.  Restaurant owner?  1.99x. But why different multipliers? 
 Peru villagers allege neglect after toxic spill Nigeria pirates hijack oil tanker near Lagos   The crew hid in a room on the ship.  The tanker was laden with fuel & is now sailing into the Gulf of Guinea, which suggests some or all of its cargo will be offloaded into a waiting vessel & sold on the region's illegal fuel market. Eurozone demands sixday week for Greece in return for bailout.  Iran makes no distinction between U.S. and Israeli 
interests and will retaliate against both countries if 
attacked | Reuters Mexico navy says it captured Gulf cartel leader. Mario Cardenas Guillen, alias El Gordo, is accused of being one of the two top leaders of the Gulf cartel of Mexico Evangelical Christian doctor in Australia banned from practicing as GP for prescribing chemical castration to cure teenager of being gay Berlin declares circumcision legal, but only if performed by a doctor  not as a ritual | The Times of Israel Not only did the US deliver Gaddafi his enemies on a silver platter but it seems the CIA tortured many of them first, $59 million Swedish Aid Package For Cambodia after Pirate Bay Founder Arrest 4 year girl hid under family's dead bodies for 8 hours before being found Medieval church discovered beneath parking lot. The church may be where King Richard III was buried in 1485. FBI must show piracy evidence to extradite Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom New Zealand court Assange case Sweden's shame in violating human rights. Japan Finds Major Rare Earth Deposits The Strange Deaths of 2 Canadian Sisters in Thailand  A hotel maid found  the sisters dead in their room, with lesions tracked across their bodies, their fingernails & toenails turned an odd grayish blue. They were huddled in their beds,  smeared with vomit & blood.  And they weren't the first. Putin Assange case a definite example of double standards, trial politically motivated War reporter shot in front of husband France shootings Three victims shot in head Asia's Richest Woman (Georgina Gina Rinehart) Slammed After Musing About Workers Paid $2 A Day Race to the End  Pakistan's terrible, horrible, nogood, very bad idea to develop battlefield nukes. Vladimir Putin to pilot hand glider at head of endangered crane migration  while disguised as a bird Christian girl hailed as 'daughter of nation' by senior Pakistani cleric Report The US waterboarded Libyans opposed to Moamer Kadhafi and handed them over to his regime for further torture Depression, Suicides Rise as Euro Debt Crisis Intensifies Swedish Doctor and nurse let patient die so they can go on a lunch break. And they are still working! BBC News  Detailed map of genome function   80% of our genome is performing a specific function and The term junk DNA must now be junked. China buys Egypt from the US. The US is suddenly competing for influence over its once most stalwart ally in the Middle East. Islamic Green Lantern introduced by DC Comics New superhero is a tattooed ArabAmerican called Simon Baz with a criminal record for illegal street racing RT Small Catalonian town declares independence from Spanish Government  Between Gandhi and Gates India at Crossroads on Path to Superpower Status  Poverty is still rampant in India and chaos remains a defining characteristic. But the country is also a global leader in high tech, has become the world's leading weapons importer and is planning a mission to Mars.  Afghan actress stabbed to death by male mob for appearing on television. Numerous other actresses have received death threats and have been forced into hiding. Afghanistan is not made for women... whether actresses or not. Canada closes embassy in Iran, expels Iranian diplomats Mount Fuji Prone to a Full Eruption Soon, Pressure Now Higher than the Last 4,000metrehigh Eruption Experts Warn (disaster imminent?) World's richest woman chastises Australian miners for being too expensive, saying, Africans want to work. Its workers are willing to work for less than $2 per day. ExF1 driver Alex Zanardi wins gold at 2012 Paralympics.  11 years after his horrific incident. S.Arabia may not have oil to export by 2030 Of the 51 selfimmolations, 41 have died. That speaks to just how grave and desperate the situation is that Tibetans are choosing to die than to leave. Science wins over creationism in South Korea Government asks publishers to retain examples of evolution in science textbooks Are Chinese Banks Hiding The Mother of All Debt Bombs?  China's massive bank financed stimulus was intended to keep the economy moving. It may instead lead to economic disaster.  Canada closes Iran embassy, expels remaining Iranian diplomats Mother of Gary Mackinnon, British autistic hacker under threat of extradition to US, writes open letter to UK government No ban on pesticides that 'threaten bees' European and American reports say nerve agents may be a danger, but the UK goes on using them
 Greek police protesting against austerity cuts blocked the 
entrance to the riot police headquarters on Thursday, preventing buses 
carrying riot police from leaving for the site of major demonstrations this 
weekend. Agent Orange victims in Vietnam to get Scientology 'detox' treatment Germany Overtakes US in Global Competitiveness  SPIEGEL ONLINE The Myth That Japan Is Broke The World's Largest Debtor Is Now the World's Largest Creditor
 Iran sends elite troops to aid Assad regime Report assails palm oil project in Cameroon as a land grab  The area to be developed, which is about eight times the size of Manhattan, is a hot spot of biodiversity, and the 99year land lease is of questionable legal status The 14th round begins of negotiations over the TPP, a secretive, multinational trade agreement that threatens to extend restrictive IP laws across the globe and rewrite international rules on their enforcement The current rate of Arctic ice melt 'like adding 20 years of CO2 emissions'  Netanyahu 'lost his temper,' reprimanded U.S. ambassador over Iran, says congressman Pope urged to recognise Palestinian state Arctic ice melting at amazing speed, scientists find. Unprecedented and surprising change likely to affect global climate.  Xi Jinping, China's Next Leader, Is Secretly Hinting At Reforms Kalashnikov Manufacturer Faces Bankruptcy German footballer Mesut Ozil donated his 300,000 World Cup victory bonus to pay for surgery of 23 children in Brazil Malaysian Plane crashes over the Ukraine Mexico is going to war on the nation's obesity epidemic by banning television ads for soda and highcalorie foods Australia becomes the first country in the world to go backwards on climate policy by removing a price on carbon The U.S. Should Not Prosecute Edward Snowden, U.N. Official Says Malaysian passenger plane crashes in Ukraine near Russian border [Reuters] BBC News  LIVE UPDATES Malaysian Airlines MH17 Crashes in Eastern Ukraine by Russian Border Russian missile launchers filmed firing across the border into Ukraine Rockets fired from Gaza two hours into temporary truce  Diplomacy and Defense Report Hamas proposes 10year ceasefire in return for conditions being met Met Police detective says he was taken off probe into child abuse claims after revealing he planned to investigate senior politicians Russia to reopen spy base in Cuba as relations with US continue to sour  Decision to reopen signals intelligence facility south of Havana follows Russia forgiving 90% of Cuba's unpaid Sovietera debts Banned anal exam akin to torture still being used by police in Lebanon to determine if people are gay UNRWA investigates after rockets found in Gaza school  Channel NewsAsia The controversial Data Retention and Investigatory Powers Bill, which extends government and security services' surveillance powers, has been overwhelmingly passed in the House of Commons with allparty support US Congress approves $351m in aid to Israel's Iron Dome US widens sanctions against Russia Israeli military takes out 13 Hamas terrorists who crossed into Israel from Gaza via underground tunnel Massive tunnel infiltration into Israel from Gaza thwarted. Reports Israel Accepts Egypts CeaseFire Plan, Hamas Rejects Israel recognizes murdered Arab teenager as terror victim. Family will get benefits from the state & victim will be on list of names on Israel's Memorial Day. Israel declares 'humanitarian truce' Julian Assange Arrest Warrant Upheld Australia repeals its price on carbon emissions France 'bans proPalestinian rallies' as tensions increasingly mirror IsraelGaza animosity Thousands protested in Paris this week against rising Palestinian death toll in Israeli strikes, now French authorities reportedly imposed full ban on proPalestinian marches in several cities NASA Humans Will Prove We Are Not Alone In The Universe Within 20 Years A U.S. military nurse has refused to conduct forced feedings of inmates at Guantanamo Bay Giant hole appears at 'world's end' Israeli naval ship 'bombs Palestinian children on Gaza beach', killing four... A journalist who saw the incident said some of the children who survived were running away when another shell seemed to be aimed at them. Journalists will face jail over spy leaks under new security laws in Australia Julian Assange May be Freed Today 660 paedophile suspects arrested in the UK  Paedophiles using the 'Dark Web'. Tesla Motors magnate Elon Musk donates $1 mn to Nikola Tesla museum Fourwinged dinosaur is 'biggest ever' A new fourwinged dinosaur has been discovered, with exceptionally long feathers on its tail and hindwings. Changyuraptor yangi was a gliding predator which lived in the Cretaceous period in what is now Liaoning, China. Former dictator Manuel Noriega sues Call of Duty publishers for portraying him as a kidnapper, murderer and enemy of the state' 900 Kurds enter Syria to defend Kurdish city against the Islamic State Metropolitan Police officer was moved 'from child abuse inquiry'  A former senior Metropolitan Police officer says he was moved from his post when he revealed plans to investigate politicians over child abuse claims. New UK 'Drip' data law will allow interception of internet traffic worldwide Suicide Blast Kills 89 in Afghanistan Federal and state police officers raided a group home Tuesday in the western state of Michoacan and rescued 458 children who were forced to beg for money and suffered sexual abuse while being against their will in filthy conditions Georgian ambassador at time of 2008 war with Russia found dead ISIS has ordered government workers to stop giving rations to Christians and Shiites in Mosul Julian Assange Swedish judge rules on lifting of arrest warrant  live Ukraine submits evidence of Russian covert action Hundreds of Kurdish fighters have entered northern Syria to help battle jihadists besieging the Kurdish city of Ain alArab Software used to count Australian Senate votes is a trade secret Germany has criticised Russia for failing to meet commitments to end the violence in Ukraine, and said it might face further EU sanctions. Leaders of the BRICS emerging market nations launched a $100 billion development bank and a currency reserve pool on Tuesday in their first concrete step toward reshaping the Westerndominated international financial system. As Border Tensions Rise, Ukraine and Russia Draw Nearer to Direct Conflict UN's Pillay suggests Snowden should not face trial Swedens Fashion Giant H&M stops making angora products after chilling rabbit torture video hits internet  Animal rights group released it showing fur being painfully plucked from screaming, live rabbits on Chinese farms. Italy's Senate expels Silvio Berlusconi CocaCola suspends their ad campaign for best reason possible, to donate their entire ad budget to the typhoon relief efforts in the Philippines. So far they've donated over $2.5 million in cash. A man in Wales has thrown away a hard drive containing 7500 Bitcoins  approximate value $6.5m UN Approves Rights to Privacy in the Digital Age. New Snowden docs show U.S. spied during G20 in Toronto A couple in Russia face jail after their religious zeal compelled them to drive their child, injured in a car crash, to church for an urgent baptism rather than to hospital. The twomonthold infant died. People in the Streets of Shanghai Use Weibo (Chinese Twitter) to Rescue 600 Cats from Being Skinned  Man transporting them in small crates to sell for their fur & meat was stopped by concerned citizens, who forcibly took them from him & called rescue groups. Japan Wants To Turn The Moon Into A Giant Solar Power Plant Veterans Are Being Threatened and Silenced by the US and UK Militaries Egypt jails women protesters for 11 years  21 women are given 11year prison sentences, far harsher than those of policemen accused of beating to death and assaulting protesters South Koreas Spy Agency, Military Sent 24.2 Million Tweets to Manipulate Election  Global Voices After 50 Years, Cuba Says Its Baseball Players Can Go Abroad U of M grad thrown in Maximum Security Dubai prison for posting a youtube video An Israeli court on Thursday jailed six Arab citizens for killing a farright soldier after he slew four Arabs and wounded more than 20 in a 2005 shooting spree. 4.2 tonnes of ammunition and 328 illegal firearms seized from farmer in Australia. Video of haul in link. From 600,000 down to 30,000  Spain's government has reduced the fines it was set to impose on unauthorized protesters outside the parliament. This is just a makeover of 1st bill, they're still trying to silence the general public, says opposition. Imagine a hospital room, door handle or kitchen countertop that is free from bacteria  and not one drop of disinfectant or boiling water or dose of microwaves has been needed to zap the germs. That is the idea behind a startling discovery made by scientists in Australia. BBC News Japan, South Korea defy China air zone rules Police digging up mass graves in western Mexico have now found human remains from at least 54 victims there. SOUTH KOREA Government brands prodemocracy priest as enemy of the nation Muslim Brotherhood Fatwa A Woman Who Swims Is An Adulteress, Touching Bananas Haram Baby dinosaur skeleton found intact in Alberta  Calgary German court rules top cop can keep his job in police force despite being convicted of raping his girlfriend as she stayed in relationship with him Meanwhile in Croatia.. Popular Gay Band The XX To Sue Croatian Hate Group For Using Their Music In AntiGay Ad Executive pay '180 times average', report finds Executive pay has grown from 60 times that of the average worker to almost 180 times since the 1990s, according to a report. Germany 1  0 Argentina. Germany win the 2014 FIFA World Cup! Church of England votes in favour of women bishops. Edward Snowden condemns Britain's emergency surveillance bill Samsung has temporarily suspended business with one of its suppliers in China after finding evidence of illegal child labour at the plant. Ukraine says plane shot down by rocket from Russia In Iraqs disputed territory, minorities are embracing Kurdish control Chinese hacker arrested, charged with hacking Boeing and US fighter jet planes The clouds of black carbon soiling snow and ice in Finlands Arctic region have diminished since the middle of the 20th century, a change attributed to the collapse of the Soviet Union and the cessation of some of the most polluting industrial practices in Russia, according to a new study. Natural Disasters including storms, floods and heatwaves have increased fivefold since the 1970s, UN finds China bemoans its peoples behavior in Africaincluding undergarment ivory smuggling Malware hidden in Chinese inventory scanners targeted logistics, shipping firms Angela Merkel does not want to complete full term as German chancellor and is considering quitting ahead of the 2017 electionsinterested in UN SecretaryGeneral or President of the European Council roles 34 killed in raid on alleged brothel in Baghdad  An AFP correspondent on the scene reported that the attackers left a message on a door This is the fate of any prostitution. Pope Francis says about 8,000 pedophiles are members of Catholic clergy, including bishops and cardinals Moscow 'considering targeted strikes' on Ukraine report Rebels have captured Lugansk airport. Rebel airstrike has destroyed 6 Ukrainian tanks News from Israel and Palestine for July 13th / 14th US father takes unclaimed African kingdom so his daughter can be a princess The Chief Judge of the US Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in August 2010 formally approved spying by the US National Security Agency on all countries except Britain, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, according to reports published in the United States Military transport plane shot down in eastern Ukraine Eight killed in militant attack in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula The Pope cites data suggesting that about 2% of Catholic priests are pedophiles, wrote that I find this state of affairs intolerable. BRICS nations rally around Russia Leaders of the BRICS nations will meet July 1516 in Fortaleza in northeastern Brazil, in a gathering that sends a strong message about their refusal to isolate Russia Ukraine says Russian army officers fighting with rebels The World Health Organization has suggested for the first time that all men who have sex with men should take antiretroviral medicine as an additional method of preventing HIV infection, warning that HIV infection rates among gay men are exploding around the world. Margaret Thatcher 'personally covered up' child abuse allegations against senior ministers The Tory Prime Minister is said to have held a meeting with a rising star, who was tipped for promotion, and told him You have to clean up your sexual act Tory child abuse whistleblower 'I supplied underage rent boys for Margaret Thatcher's cabinet ministers' American Quakers are Running an 'Underground Railroad' to Help LGBT Ugandans Flee Israeli 'knock on the roof' bombing technique caught on film WikiLeaks reports the FBI to Danish police Toxic Agent Orange ingredients found at Okinawa US military dumpsite 'About 2% of Catholic Clergy are pedophiles' says Pope Francis Russia has vowed to respond to a dangerous escalation of violence near its border, after a Russian man was killed and two women injured by shelled fired across the Ukraine border. Hamas call on evacuated citizens who heeded Israeli warnings to return to the war zone Australia slams extremist PETA for sheep abuse video Tory child abuse whistleblower 'Margaret Thatcher knew all about underage sex ring among ministers' The UN has estimated that 77% of the people killed in Gaza have been civilians. Two major Palestinian West Bank cities hit by rockets fired from Gaza Israel Navy commandos raid longrange rocket facility in Gaza Russia threatens Ukraine with irreversible consequences after shell crosses border. Ukraine denies its forces fired into Russian territory. More Than A Dozen US Spies Infiltrate German Ministries Says Bild The alleged spies have infiltrated the German defense, development, economic, and interior ministries, reported Bild on Sunday [13 July 2014], citing unnamed sources within the US intelligence community. Tobacco giant 'tried blackmail' to block Ugandan antismoking law UN calls for IsraelGaza ceasefire. At least 133 Palestinians have been killed in the last 5 days, three quarters of them civilians according to the UN Some 29 people, 20 of them women, were killed on Saturday evening in an apartment building in eastern Baghdad by gunmen wearing a mix of plain clothes and camouflage, a police officer and a hospital official said. Reprocessing plant to give Japan enough plutonium for 2,000 bombs a year US expert US congressman called Germany reaction on a spy sa temper tantrum Half of Gaza's dead 'are women and children' Fierce fighting erupts around Tripoli airport Sean Connery joins Bahamas campaign to stop billionaire developing mansion Whistleblower NSA stores 80% of all phone calls, not just metadata  full audio Fukushima hit by 6.8 quake. Tsunami warning issued. Former archbishop of Canterbury lends his support to campaign to legalize right to die. Lord Carey says the assisted dying proposal is a way to prevent 'needless suffering' and help the terminally ill; it is 'not antiChristian'. A large umbrella group of churches representing more than half a billion Christians worldwide announced Thursday that it would pull all of its investments in fossil fuels, saying it had determined the investments were no longer ethical Vladimir Putin I support Israel Great Barrier Reef impact from Australian PM Tony Abbott's decision to dredge could cost 'as much as $1 billion' For the first time, China admits trading in Tiger Skins. We don't ban trade in tiger skins, but we do ban trade in tiger bones. Bulgaria to allow its fourthbiggest bank to collapse Chinese state media has branded Apple Inc's iPhone a threat to national security because of the smartphone's ability to track and timestamp user locations. Arab states draft Gaza truce deal; Hamas refuses to consider it Protests will be held in towns and cities across the UK today (the 12th of July) against a major trade deal that campaign groups believe would hit jobs and public services | Opponents claim that the proposed TTIP deal is the result of secret negotiations between the US and the European Commission. The Obama administration knew in advance that the British government would oversee destruction of a newspaper's hard drives containing leaked National Security Agency documents last year, newly declassified documents show. U.S. hints at displeasure with Germany over spying controversy  Administration officials have expressed frustration with Germanys angry reaction Two killed and four wounded in Israeli strike on residential home for disabled people in Gaza's Beit Lahiya Hamas warning to Israel Invade Gaza and we will kidnap your soldiers Sheep beaten with a hammer, punched and thrown around by shearers sparks RSPCA investigation Thousands in London, Paris, and Oslo protest Israeli strikes in Gaza  7/11/2014 Top German Politician Crystal Meth Makes Me Work Harder BRICS nations launch New Development Bank, and emergency reserves fund, will offer developing nations alternative financing to the World Bank and International Monetary Fund. Germany demands public promise from US to end spying EU sees likelihood of Israeli ground attack on Gaza Canadian First Nation evicticting CN Rail, logging companies, fishermen from its lands Kurds keep advancing ISIS Battle For Baghdad Stalls Amid Escalating Violence In Aleppo Kurds withdraw support, leaving Iraq without a president Putin writes off 90 percent of Cuba's debts to USSR | 90 percent of the debt of the Republic of Cuba to the Soviet Union will be written off. Amazon snubs French free delivery ban with onecent charge HIV Returns In Baby Thought To Be Cured Helsinki's Ambitious Plan to Make Car Ownership Pointless in 10 Yrs  Finland's capital hopes a 'mobility on demand' system that integrates all forms of shared and public transport in a single payment network could essentially render private cars obsolete Judge in Australia says incest may no longer be a taboo and the only reason it is criminal is potential birth abnormalities, which can be solved by abortion How a Mexican Cartel Demolished a Town, Incinerated Hundreds of Victims, and Got Away With It China makes new electric cars taxfree | Buyers of fully electric, hybrid and fuel cell cars will not have to pay purchase tax from September to the end of 2017 Abbas slams Hamas over rocket attacks on Israel What are you trying to achieve? Thirty Ukrainian troops possibly killed in rebel grad missile attack '100 killed' in Gaza as pressure builds on Israel to end military offensive Scientists say they have developed the world's first vaccine against dengue fever seen to work in largescale trials. Report Israel warns 100,000 Gaza residents to leave UK Fast Tracks Emergency Surveillance Law London student accused of trying to smuggle 20,000 cash to Syrian jihadists in her underwear China's Communist Party Admits It Has a Big Corruption Problem  Its the result of a lack of checks and balances in Chinas government. No one can limit the power of the officials and the party. India Sets Aside $1.6 Billion Fund For Startups 80yearold Irish woman goes back to jail for protesting US use of Shannon Airport (xpost from r/Ireland) Ukrainian forces launch an all out attack on ProRussian forces near Donetsk The Afghan Taliban have urged Muslims to avoid extremism and remain united. SootStained Documents Reveal Firing Squad Executions Carried out by Rebels in Ukraine FBI monitored Nelson Mandela in 1990s over perceived communist threat Brics to Open Alternatives to World Bank, IMF Amazon counterattacks French ban on free deliveries India Building World's Highest Railway Bridge China Says It's up to US to Drive Global Economy Chinese hackers hacked into the computer networks of the United States government agency that houses the personal information of all federal employees in March Germany expels CIA official in US spy row Books not considered 'Profamily (1 father 1 mother)' to be destroyed by National Library Board in Singapore. Islamist plot to blow up Eiffel Tower, Louvre and nuclear power plant foiled, say French police New UK Law requiring all internet and phone companies to log usage to be enforced within a week Chinese President Says Conflict With U.S. Would Be Disaster USBacked 'Moderate' Free Syrian Army Factions Join ISIS Terror Group The scientists who conducted the study are still unsure why the magnetic field is weakening, but one likely reason is that Earth's magnetic poles are getting ready to flip, said Rune Floberghagen, the ESA's Swarm mission manager. In fact, the data suggest magnetic north is moving toward Siberia. Synthetic cannabis 'not medicinal', EU top court says Files on UK role in CIA abductions accidentally 'soaked in water' Fatah joins Hamas and Islamic Jihad in missile launches Russia writes off $32bn Cuban debt in show of brotherly love Neonicotinoids linked to recent fall in farmland bird numbers More than 50 bodies, including children, found in Iraq Emergency powers to ensure police and security services can continue to access phone and internet records are being rushed through the UK Parliament, dispite the EU rejecting the plan. Snowden's asylum in Russia runs out this month, asks for extension Exclusive Iraq tells U.N. that 'terrorist groups' seized nuclear materials Israeli police officer to be charged in beating of Palestinian teen India Earned 40 Million For Launching 15 Foreign Satellites  Business insider Harper confirms Canadas support for Israel in conversation with Netanyahu Scholarly journal retracts 60 articles, smashes peer review ring. China is selling $38 million worth of missiles, grenade launchers, machine guns and ammunition to South Sudans government, even as it pledges to help end a civil war in the country now on the brink of famine. Judge compares incest and paedophilia to past attitudes towards homosexuality, claiming they might not be taboo anymore Iron Dome racks up 90% success rate so far. Changes to civilian aviation as Hamas takes aim at airport; Iron Dome doing better than it did in 2012. 53 unidentified corpses were found south of Baghdad, all of them blindfolded and handcuffed, with bullets to the chest and head. Mass killings are becoming a regular occurrence again in Iraq for the first time since the worst days of sectarian and ethnic cleansing in 20062007. Richard Branson says Virgin Galactic will accept Bitcoin Canadians brave freezing waters to save shark choking on moose. Five arrested in Thailand under drug ring with meth produced from North Korea. The kicker The meth was tested by authorities and found at over 99% purity. Once Ford became mayor, he continued the practice of personally returning constituent calls about everyday issues like backed up city sewers, sometimes returning calls late into the night. Malaysia cuts fuel subsidies to fund welfare payments for the poor Magnus Carlsen wins Chess World championship Satellite imagery reveals mystery 'supergun' in Chinese desert American prisoners are choosing to stay in German jails rather than transferring home Italys Triangle Of Death Naples Residents Blame Child Cancer Rates on Mob Disposal of Toxic Chemicals  Italians blaming skyhigh child cancer rates on mobs dumping of toxic chemicalscontaminating water, mozzarella, & the developing brains of babies. We Have to Consume Less Scientists Call For Radical Economic Overhaul to Avert Climate Crisis Latvia supermarket collapse death toll 'rises to 32' 50 US embassy workers in Norway busted for tax fraud. (Google translated link from norwegian news) Urgent call for UN troops to 'prevent genocide' in Central African Republic. Muslim former rebels have been accused of murder, kidnap, rape, looting and the burning of villages Despite US Opposition, UN Pushes Forward Surveillance Bill of Rights The socalled Five Eyes countries overwhelmed by international unity on the right to protection from spying As Inequality Grows, Swiss To Vote On Curbing Executive Pay Chinese Court rules out confession through torture China struggles to crack down on fake miltary officials. Number of criminals making financial gains impersonating PLA officials soars amid culture of state corruption. S. Korea decides to buy 40 Lockheed F35s from US, to be delivered starting in 2018 Two hours ago people in Kiev, Ukraine, began spontaneous gathering to express their disagreement about the decision of the Ukrainian government to suspend preparation for the signing of the Association Agreement with EU (my rough translation of the article in the comments) Bolivian President Morales doubles workers Christmas bonus The rusted remains of a Naziera submarine have been discovered off the coast of Java, Indonesia. Researchers are looking through the wreckage, which includes human bones and plates with Nazi insignia, for clues that could identify the ship. Libya's Tripoli celebrates with cake as militias withdraw and official police force deploys across the city Assads North Korean connection Reports that Pyongyang has sent pilots to Syria suggest the Damascus regime can no longer rely on its own airmen; ties precede current Syrian war, forms part of North Korea's broader network of relationship in Mideast. An underwater volcano creates a new island south of Japan Greenpeace activist freed by Russian authorities NSA infected 50,000 computer networks with malicious software House intel bill adds $75 million to NSA budget to stop future Snowdens Latest Snowden leak reveals NSAs goal to continually expand surveillance abilities Moroccan teen, forced to marry her rapist, commits suicide Unspeakable horrors in a country on the verge of genocide | Militias in the Central African Republic are slitting children's throats, razing villages and throwing young men to the crocodiles. What needs to happen before the world intervenes? Australian police laugh at man in custody who had soiled himself, ridiculed him, yelled at him and showed him little respect. He dies the next morning after being shoved out of police station of hypothermia and liver failure. One year after Bangladesh factory fire , US retailers Walmart, Sears, Childrens Place and others that sold garments produced there refuse to join an effort to compensate families of the 1,200 workers who died. Moscow is banning the construction of new mosques, the latest sign of the growing antiimmigrant and antiMuslim sentiment in Russia. UN official Gaza is quickly becoming uninhabitable Ontario Bill Bans CoalFired Power  Ontario is going coalfree. The largest coalburning power plant in North America, Nanticoke Generating Station on Lake Erie, will stop burning coal this yr Thousands protest U.S drone strikes, blocking Nato supplies in Peshawar. Indonesian newspaper depicts Australian PM Tony Abbott as a masturbating peeping Tom following spying scandal The Spanish Government Is Trying to Outlaw Peaceful Protest Ison The comet of the century. If we're lucky, then in just a few days time we could witness one of the most spectacular sights in the night sky for a generation or more. European retailers pay to compensate victims of Bangladesh factories where 1,240 died. Walmart and Sears refuse. Ask our US friends Putin turns NSA spying into punchline for joke Zimbabwe Foreigners must close shops by Jan 1. Prisoners who escaped during typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines return to jail after tending to their families Moscow Bans Construction of New Mosques Internet founder warns growing surveillance 'threatens democracy' #NSA pushing for more laws to allow anyone,anytime,anywhere spying in golden age of Sigint  NYT Muslim passenger shot in face in terrifying Russia subway attack (GRAPHIC) Egypt downgraded diplomatic relations Saturday with Turkey and expelled its ambassador from Cairo, a sharp escalation in tensions between the two countries that mounted after a military coup ousted the country's Islamist president this summer Web inventor BernersLee says NSA surveillance threatens democracy Female teacher jailed for 4 year affair with female pupil, started when girl was 14 and lasted until she went to university. LG Smart TVs logging USB filenames and viewing info to LG servers Secret U.S. court approves wider NSA spying even after finding excesses United States paid more than $150 million to companies in Afghanistan that are accused of financing terrorist attacks on American soldiers and facilities Monty Python to reunite for new show after 30 years A stash of 24 gold bars worth more than $1.1m has been discovered in the toilet compartment of a commercial plane in eastern India. Switzerland will vote on Sunday on whether to limit the salaries of top executives so they don't earn more in a month than the lowest paid workers earn in a year, a move that could mean big pay cuts for business leaders earning millions. Gabon troops kill poacher, arrest 34 others near elephant park. The soldiers found the carcass of an elephant and a panther at the camp used by the poachers, who had also been mining for gold. Teenage poet, Islam critic, assaulted in Denmark. In his poetry he claims [Islam] is a culture of hypocrisy underpinning Denmark's Muslim population Can one not speak freely without being attacked? Poor countries walk out of Warsaw climate conference after rich nations refuse to discuss climate change recompense until after 2015  Orchestrated exit came during talks about loss & damage  how countries should respond to climate impacts like typhoon Haiyan Pot Legalization in Morocco Even the Islamist Party of Justice and Development has cautiously welcomed the draft proposals  presumably because the party is mindful that it now occupies a minority presence in the cabinet and could benefit from going with the flow. Gunmen Open Fire Outside Moscows Most Popular Gay Club Rape fear keeps US students out of India Nancy Powell Stuxnet's Secret Twin The real program to sabotage Iran's nuclear facilities was far more sophisticated than anyone realized. The battery storage system that could close down coal power. Company says these systems can substitute 10 times the capacity from conventional generation  coal, nuclear and gas  and at a fraction of the cost. A Norwegian army goes veggie to save climate LG TV sends your viewing habits and names of files you screen to its home servers, even if you tell it not to Britain's GCHQ 'The Brains,' America's NSA 'The Money' Behind Spy Alliance Vatican unveils restored catacomb with frescoes showing 'female priests.' Women depicted in scenes show they were priests, say activists; they were just praying like everyone else, says Holy See Germans jail Nato spy for seven years for taking the crown jewels of data Indonesia 'downgrades' relationship with Australia German court chides Google over its vague privacy policy and terms Underworld exploitation of Bitcoin 'Assassination Market' website raising the online virtual currency to hire assassins that target key US figures revealed. Those allegedly targeted on the site include Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke, President Obama and NSA director Keith Alexander. Koreas newlyelected President wants to ban gaming Norway's military intelligence chief has admitted his country spies on millions of phone calls in conflict areas around the world and shares that data with allies, including the United States JPMorgans Fruitful Ties to a Member of Chinas Elite While many Hong Kong investment bankers were earning as much as $250,000 a year, JPMorgan paid Ms. Wens firm $900,000 annually from 2006 to 2008, records show, for a total of $1.8 million. Wikipedia names Texas PR firm over false manipulation of site entries. Free encyclopaedia called in lawyers after 300 'sock puppet' accounts were traced to single firm. US Working Overtime Behind The Scenes To Kill UN Plan To Protect Online Privacy From Snooping Pirate Parties International (PPI), the international umbrella organization for dozens of Pirate Parties worldwide, has been granted observer status by the World Trade Organization Australian state decriminalise abortion, forces doctors that oppose termination to provide a list of willing practitioners to patients US and UK struck secret deal to allow NSA to 'unmask' Britons' personal data British Army admits operating a shoot to kill terrorist style force during the Troubles in Northern Ireland. Three women rescued after 'decades of slavery' in south London home Volcano creates new Japanese island 620 miles south of Tokyo Derry bus driver who drove alone with bomb on board is 'selfless heroine'  Woman defied masked terrorist's instruction to take device to central police station by driving it instead to less builtup area German politicians will be given encrypted phones to keep NSA spies at bay 70 global investors with collective assets totalling $3tn (1.85tn) made the first ever joint request to the world's 45 largest oil, coal and power companies to assess the financial risks that climate change and these other trends pose to your business plans An 85yearold American veteran of the Korean War is being detained in North Korea. Has BP Hired Company To Troll Users Who Left Critical Comments? We just experienced an abrupt climate change event in the Arctic. Portions of the Arctic have warmed as much as 9F in the last few years. This is possibly the most dramatic event of the last several thousand years Just 90 companies caused twothirds of manmade global warming emissions since the dawning of the industrial age  vast majority of companies are in the business of producing oil, gas or coal 'We need more wars' Head of controversial private outsourcing firm blames lack of conflict for spectacular collapse in Army recruitment since it took charge Inside America's Plan to Kill Online Privacy Rights Everywhere Wreckage of Nazi Uboat found off Indonesia's coast Australia's Lower House Votes to Dump Carbon Tax 18 mos after taking effect  with a one off 0.4% increase in cost of living & almost no impact on economic growth  it's been repealed. This is about honour & dignity & the sovereign will of the Australian people, says environment minister. The Norwegian military said Tuesday [19 November 2013] it plans to put its troops on a vegetarian diet once a week in a bid to fight a new kind of enemy  climate change. Massive cocaine haul washes up on beach near Tokyo Al Qaedalinked group says it bombed Iran embassy in Beirut US drone kills senior militant in Pakistani seminary UK Imam caught agreeing to marry off a 14yearold girl gets job back Report Taliban Have Killed More Than 800 Clerics For Not Defending Afghanistans Original Islamic Values UK Prime Minister David Cameron Announces That Filters Used to Block Porn Will Also Block Websites Espousing Extremist Views in Order to Keep Our Country Safe USA drops case against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange Pope attacks tyranny of markets, urges renewal in key document Pope Francis called for renewal of the Roman Catholic Church and attacked unfettered capitalism as a new tyranny, urging global leaders to fight poverty and growing inequality in the first major work he has authored alone as pontiff. Woman fined $140 a day for refusing to circumcise son. Rabbinical judges in the case said they fear the effect that allowing Israeli Jews to freely decide on the ritual circumcision of their own children might have on the global debate over the issue. Wikipedia's Jimmy Wales in Oxford Snowden a 'hero'. It's very difficult for me to go to authoritarian countries and say, 'You shouldnt spy on activists, you shouldnt censor the internet', when [the US] is complicit in these acts of extraordinary intrusion into peoples personal lives. Japan's lower house of parliament has approved a state secrecy bill that penalizes civil servants who leak secrets and journalists who seek them  a move opponents criticize as a heavyhanded effort by the government to hide what it's doing and suppress press freedom Ian Watkins, singer of Welsh rock band Lostprophets, pleads guilty to a series of child sex offences including attempted rape of a baby Canada's Conservatives Are Using Cyberbullying to Normalize Online Surveillance Prisoners who escaped from a flooded jail at the height of Super Typhoon Haiyan returned after helping their families deal with the storm's aftermath Up to 15,000 U.S. troops to remain in Afghanistan until 2024 US Working To Kill UN Privacy Resolutions Half Of New Greek HIV Cases Are SelfInflicted To Receive 700 Per Month Benefits, Study Finds Pope calls for power to be devolved away from the vatican Untouchable PhD student kills self over University 'bias' EU Commission moves to close corporate tax loophole used by Google, Amazon and Starbucks. Google, Amazon and Starbucks have all been using 'aggressive tax planning'. German company Solarworld has announced it's acquiring the complete solar business of Bosch. The takeover will result in the first German solar firm with a manufacturing capacity exceeding one gigawatt. Wary of war, Israeli public gives Iran deal a chance  Going about their business on Monday, Israelis seemed more accepting than their leader, Benjamin Netanyahu, of a nuclear deal with Iran that he rejected as a historic mistake. Afghanistan plans to reintroduce public stoning as punishment for adultery The largest Byzantium monastery in Istanbul will be converted into a mosque World Health Organisation withdraws claim that half of all new Greek HIV cases selfinflicted, says there was an error in the editing phase of the report Egypt bans gatherings of more than 10 people with government approval The interim president of Egypt, Hazem Beblawi, on Sunday banned public gatherings of more than 10 people without having prior government approval. Punishments for violating the new ban include fines and prison terms. Headteacher apologises after ordering pupils to attend Islam awareness trip or face punishment for 'racism' Scottish National Party releases independence blueprint, calling it a mission statement for Scotland's future. Changes to Canada's fisheries law alarm biologists  Revisions that take effect today remove protections for 80% of endangered freshwater species. U.S. says may pull out all troops as Afghan leader holds up deal  Hamid Karzai has refused to sign a security deal with the United States, and Washington may have to resort to the zero option of withdrawing all American troops from the strifetorn country next year, as it did in Iraq. US flies B52 aircraft over disputed islands in East China Sea in defiance of Chinese air defence rules. Fight Club, Pretty Woman Producer Admits to Being Israeli Spy Harvard fracking study rings methane alarm bells in Australia A peerreviewed report suggests that greenhouse gas emissions from drilling and fracking are 50 per cent worse than thought. Bitcoin virtual currency breaks $1,000 mark France set to introduce fines of at least $2,000 for those caught buying sex. Prostitutes say their lives will become a lot more dangerous. France sends in troops to Central African Republic to stop 'another Rwanda' Acidifying Oceans Alarm 540 Scientists from 37 Countries  Oceans acidifying at rates not seen for last 55 million yrs & the only way to slow it is to reduce human emissions of carbon dioxide. All oceans have experienced a 26% rise in acidity since dawn of industrial age. Crane falls on World Cup opening ceremony football stadium, Sao Paulo, Brazil, 3 dead. Moscow Police detain 15 Islamists with suicide belts The Justice Department has all but concluded it will not bring charges against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange for publishing classified documents because government lawyers said they could not do so without also prosecuting U.S. news organizations and journalists, according to U.S. officials. World's Second Largest Clothing Retailer Pledges Living Wages for Factory Workers Free movement within Europe needs to be less free David Cameron Radical Islamists arrested in Moscow, found with Guns and Bombs (BBC NEWS) EU warns the UK risks being seen as a nasty country after Prime Minister David Cameron outlined plans to restrict access to benefits for EU immigrants. Cameron is proposing powers to deport homeless migrants and cut rights to unemployment and housing benefits. Prime Minister Valdis Dombrovskis of Latvia has announced his resignation, and thereby the fall of his government, over a deadly supermarket collapse. Tunisia protesters torch ruling Islamist party office NSA surveillance Europe threatens to freeze US datasharing arrangements Midnight Sabotage with Transylvania's AntiFracking Activists  Farmers, peasants and ecowarriors are leading the fight against gas giants in Romania, who they claim are illegally seizing land Dutch lawmakers may backtrack on plans to scrap blasphemy law The law makes it a crime to insult God, the monarch or to be disrespectful to a policeman. The legislation introduced in the 1930s, has not been invoked for the past fifty years Pope says Catholic church must decentralise and tackle poverty. Just as the commandment 'Thou shalt not kill' sets a clear limit in order to safeguard the value of human life, today we also have to say 'thou shalt not' to an economy of exclusion and inequality. Such an economy kills. ChinaJapanUS situation escalates American B52s defy Chinese airspace claim and demand that all aircraft submit to Chinese notification and compliance. China has stated it may take emergency defensive measures to enforce their demand on Japan and the US. New analysis questions constraint on US drone strikes Six months after President Obama laid out US rules for using armed drones, a Bureau analysis shows that covert drone strikes in Yemen and Pakistan have killed more people than in the six months before the speech. Protests in Thailand The mass protests, the biggest since 2010, are the latest round in an escalating battle between the Bangkokcentred establishment and the family clan of Thaksin Shinawatra, a billionaire former PM, and his sister Yingluck, the current PM EU demands protection against U.S. data surveillance EU justice commissioner Viviane Reding said she wanted Washington to follow through on its promise to give all EU citizens the right to sue in the United States if their data is misused. China arrested 1,000 over threat to state security Nude photos of strangers are a 'fringe benefit' for NSA employees, says Snowden | The former NSA contractor said that images of people in sexually compromising situations were regularly passed around by young employees US terrorist database already has 1.5 million terrorists, and it's growing at rapid rate 200,000 people sign petition to move a depressed polar bear to Canada MH17 rebels block access to part of site of crash as evidence against them grows Russia spotted editing Wikipedia page about downed Malaysia Air jet The MH17 site is being stripped by looters Pentagon Russia helped deploy missile that hit plane Cancer treatment clears two Australian patients of HIV Scientists have uncovered two new cases of HIV patients in whom the virus has become undetectable. The two patients, both Australian men, became apparently HIVfree after receiving stem cells to treat cancer. Ukraine says Russia helping destroy crash evidence Australia may ban Putin from G20 meeting. Putins Approval Rating Reaches Record High in Russia Malaysia Airlines MH17 Government facing growing pressure to ban Russian president from attending G20 Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razaks stepgrandmother killed on Flight MH17 RCMP officer who witnessed the beheading on a Greyhound bus in 2008, commits suicide from PTSD struggles Jihadists kill 270 in Syrian gas field 'massacre' ProRussian rebels 'stole bodies from MH17 crash site' Merkel Russia partly responsible for Ukraine crash Donkey suicide bomb stopped by Israeli troops in Gaza Russia Bans Congressman, 12 Other Americans Suicide bombing kills 24 in Baghdad Malaysia Airlines Crash site in Ukraine goes neglected as bodies decompose. ProRussia Rebel Commander Suggests Passengers Died Days Before Malaysian Flight Islamic State overwhelms Iraqi forces at Tikrit in major defeat and killed or captured hundreds of Iraqi government troops MH17 Rebels accused of stealing bodies from crash site NBC Reporter Ayman Mohyeldin Who Witnessed Killing of 4 Palestinian Children Removed From Gaza by the Network The World Health Organization calls for the decriminalization of drug use Israel Ground Invasion of Gaza has Begun As Putin blames Ukraine for MH17 tragedy, video emerges 'showing BUK missile launcher being driven into place' US Intelligence Confirms Surface to Air Missile downed Malaysian Airplane Dutch Senator killed in Malaysia Airlines crash Russia Today London correspondent resigns in protest at 'disrespect for facts' over Malaysian plane crash Family suffers tragedy twice. Kaylene Mann lost her brother Rod Burrows and her sisterinlaw Mary with MH370 and her stepdaughter Maree Rizk and her husband Albert were among the Australians on flight MH17. Hamas hacks Israeli TV sat channel to broadcast pics of Gaza wounded 154 Dutch nationals, 27 Australians, 23 Malaysian, 11 Indonesians, six British nationals, four Germans, four Belgians, three Filipinos and one Canadian were on board MH17. Nationality of remaining 47 still undetermined. UN 80 per cent of Palestinians killed in Israeli offensive are civilians CNN reporter removed from IsraelGaza after branding Israelis who gathered to watch bombardment 'scum' after they threatened her Leading AIDS researchers/activists, WHO spokesperson reportedly on board Malaysian flight MH17 death toll increased to 298  3 infants were on board Turkish Prime Minister Israel threatens world peace. Israel threatens peace in the Middle East ... Israel is at the moment waging terrorism; Israel at the moment is carrying out genocide Germany is most energy efficient major economy, study finds U.S. Senate Doubles Funding for Israel's Iron Dome City workers in Seoul will be allowed an hour a day to nap during the height of summer, in a bid to boost productivity. Anytime between 1pm and 6pm, as long as they make up for it by arriving early or leaving late. Employees can use lounges, conference rooms and other places to rest. Russian aircrafts violate Ukrainian air space 5 times during 24 hours  Two months after ordering 2,000 trains that were too wide, a French transport company orders 30 toowide escalators, which will cost millions to replace. ISIS Threatens To Kill Creator of Muslim Superhero Comic Series The 99 Boko Haram Jihadists Massacre 38 Christians During Attack On Village, Three Churches Burnt The Indian Prime Minister's flight was close behind the one that got shot down Putin's Statement on Ukraine Plane Crash Airline will not escape liability if act of war caused crash Obama makes first remarks on plane crash in Ukraine b'Venezuela banned Coke Zero with aspartame and acesulfame K; Letter to President Hugo Chavezn' N.Korean Cargo Ship 'Approaching Moment of Truth' b'How can a revolution kill its children?' b'Protests in Iran may not be working, but protests in Peru did; logging and damning in Amazon rain forest will be avoided.' ID cards planned for India's 1.1 billion b'Ethnic clash in Chinese factory kills 2, hurts 118' b'Red Crystal to Replace Red Cross and Red Crescent'  Iran militia raids 'target homes' b'Saad Hariri named Lebanese prime minister' b'Author Naomi Klein calls for boycott of Israel' b'Syria threatens to take back Golan by force' b'How are potentially lethal Molotov cocktails that different from rocket attacks? Can the Palestinians destroy the homes of the settlers responsible for this, just as the Israelis bulldoze Palestinian homes?' b'Palestinian Violence Overstated, Israeli Violence Understated' b'Norwegian girl hit by truck, then car, then dragged 4 km under car  lives' b'German court upholds ban on words with Nazi link' b'Workers groups in Iran appreciate international solidarity day' b'Nazis disperse ultraorthodox Jews protesting car park' b'Dozens of journalists jailed in Iran' Iran's Guardian Council to set up special commission for election report b'For years prior to the June 2009 protests, Iran had already been undergoing a quiet but rapidly growing sexual revolution where young people, women, and gays have been speaking back to the regime with their bodies, behaviors and dress.nn' b'North Korea threatens to shoot down Japanese surveillance planes  ' b'Karim Sadjadpour The crowds have gone but  Tehran has changed forever' b'Mousavi rejects Iran vote recount proposal' b'Zimbabwes Diamond Fields Enrich Ruling Party, Report Says ' b'Ayatollah Rioters are enemies of God' British helicopter pilot, Roger Gower, working for conservation organization in Tanzania dies after poachers open fire on his helicopter, fatally wounding him. Boko Haram burns kids alive in northeast Nigeria A survivor hidden in a tree says he watched Boko Haram extremists firebomb huts and heard the screams of children among people burned to death in the latest attack by Nigerias homegrown Islamic extremists. Switzerland will be the first country in the world to vote on having a national wage of 1,700 a month If the plans go through, it will become the first country in the world to provide a basic unconditional monthly income, and they are already the first country to vote on the matter. Group of Brazilian lawyers, activists & scientists asking govt to allow abortions for women with Zika virus, since women are advised not to get pregnant due to risk of birth defects. Abortions are illegal in Brazil, except in emergencies, rape or when big part of brain & skull missing. 'NAFTA on Steriods' National Mexican Union Protests TPP  We say no because it was negotiated without consulting us, but also because it will bring serious consequences for Mexico, United States, Chile, Canada and Peru China Just Released True Color HD Photos Of The Moon Zika virus has infected 2,100 pregnant Colombians, health officials say  Health Pirate Party Support Exceeds 40 Percent (Iceland) Turkey says Russia violated airspace Canada to Remove Visa Requirements for Mexican Citizens UN chief 'alarmed' at Hamas vow to keep building Gaza tunnels, rockets Hamas has officially announced that it is rejecting Frances new initiative to convene an international conference to renew negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians Babylonians used geometry to track Jupiter 1400 years before Europeans Astronomers discovered how to calculate Jupiter's position with geometry between 350 and 50 BC, predating work of European scholars by 14 centuries World Heritagelisted forests whose origins predate the age of the dinosaurs are being destroyed by raging Australian bushfires, with conservationists increasingly fearful they could be lost forever. Europe Is Building a Space Data Highway With Lasers  It'll transmit data back to Earth about 90 times faster than your typical earthly internet connection. 10,000 refugee children are missing, says Europol NATO confirms Russian jet violated Turkish airspace Despite abuses, Saudi Arabia aims to recruit 15000 Somali maids Bribery allegations against Japan's lead TPP negotiator have sparked public concerns that corruption may have influenced the corporatefriendly deal. Marshall Islands sue Britain, India and Pakistan over nuclear weapons British Mao cult leader who sexually abused followers and kept daughter as a slave is jailed Snow has been falling in Saudi Arabia for the last 2 days. Snowed first time in Kuwait. One of six men who left Australia to join the terrorist group Jabhat alNusra in Syria in 2013, has returned from the Middle East and is living in western Sydney. Mehmet Biber has warned of more local attacks, saying he would voluntarily leave again if the government handed his passport back. Thousands march in Paris rain to protest state of emergency At least 30 people killed in double blast near Shia shrine of Sayyida Zeinab, south of Damascus b'Unimaginable Horror In Tehran Today' The mass protests in Iran would not be allowed in the US either. And they weren't allowed in the US under BushCheney. b'Waterboarding used on marijuana suspects in London' b'IRAN In Baharestan we saw militia with axe choping people like meat  blood everywhere  like butcher (Pic at bottom is VERY GRAPHIC)' b'Hamas accepts 2 state solution' b'Women in Malmo, Sweden win right to go to the pool topless. Anyone else love sweden?' Jewish settlers 'want all of Jerusalem' N. Korea warns of 'dark clouds of nuclear war' b'The last uncontacted tribe on Earth' b'Canadian bill allow authorities to access personal information of ISP subscribers without a warrant' Pensioners kidnapped and tortured a financial advisor because he lost 2million of their savings. The angry pensioners, aged between 60 and 79, had apparently invested 2.4m euros (2m) in Mr Amburn's company, which he used to buy property in Florida. b'Bowing to pressure from Washington, Israel granted U.S.trained Palestinian security forces greater autonomy in four major West Bank cities' b'He decided it was time to start running when the police were coming. He turned back and saw some women still standing, These women are not afraid.' b'Stoned wallabies make crop circles' b'Reddit  150 civilians have died in suicide attacks Iraq in the last week. Onehundred and fifty. Why does it seem that nobody in the media really cares?' b'More people getting shot in the streets today (' United Nations praised drug decriminalization in its annual report on the state of global drug policy, especially Portugal's radical drug policy in 2001 b'Perfect example of political projection Israel's JPost, cheering supporters of Gaza killings, condemns world for not intervening in Iran while brave men and women fought a hopeless battle against the brutal repression of the security forces...no one lifted a finger to help them' b'British government warns of cyberwarfare attacks by Al Qaida, China and Russia  guess we can kiss our internet freedoms like real life ones goodbye' b'Free Gaza ship sets sail today [Thursday] to break  the Israeli siege and deliver tons of cement.  Passengers include Cynthia McKinney who was also  onboard the Dignity which was rammed by the  Israeli navy.' Forgive my naivete, but we thought Iraq had WMD and invaded them and N. Korea is pretty much saying they have them and they will start a war with them, why don't we invade N. Korea then? b'11 bodies found inside abandoned car in Mexico' b'You have urinated on my jacket!  A Monkey urinates on Zambian leader' b'AlQaeda planning cyber war against Britain, warns Lord West' Best summary of the financial crisis that I've seen Canadians ridicule unarmed American Tourist's fears Dotcom accused of assault  with his stomach Venezuela is training a guerrilla army aiming to be a million strong by 2013 to fight off a possible US invasion Riots in the North of France Pope's butler to face criminal charges after leaking hundreds of secret documents from the Pope's apartment in an attempt to reveal corruption. Deep magnitude 7.7 quake off coast of Russia, north of Japan  Women Challenge Islamists Over Equality  They don't want ''complementarity'' rather than equality of the sexes & see the groundbreaking Personal Status Code of 1956 in jeopardy.  Thousands of Tunisians protested in the capital for women's rights as the Islamistled govt faces rising dissent. 
 Indian police arrest famed TV yoga guru and anticorruption campaigner as he attempts to lead a procession of thousands of supporters to parliament. Magnitude 7.3 Earthquake in the Sea of Okhotsk, Russia Israeli Sniper Gets Only 45 Days for Killing of Two Women under White Flags Israeli human rights group B'Tselem points out, the deal does not recognize guilt for the killing of Majedah and Rayah Abu Hajaj, but rather punishes the soldier for the killing of an unidentified individual. Pakistani wife in disputed marriage gunned down in court by her brother Iran says Israel won't attack  European Bankers Destroying European Democracy  The cause of necessary economic reforms has not been served by confounding that necessity with the policy of austerity  Revealed Life behind the scenes at the secretive Bilderberg conference Punk Band's Moscow Trial Offers Platform For Orthodox Protesters 'We're going to rip them [a Pussy Riot poster and a Madonna poster] up and burn them,' said Leonid SimonovichNikshich, the whitebearded leader of one group, the Union of Orthodox Banner Bearers. 'Like in the Middle Ages.' Proceso Magazine US Navy SEALs to Hunt Mexican Cartel Kingpin Severe abnormalities' found in Fukushima Butterflies
 Malaysian internet users stage an online protest against law that threatens free speech online Poland Peels Back Layers On Secret CIA Prison For Suspected Terrorists 4 Congo Olympic delegation members missing India witnesses 56 per cent drop in HIV cases  IBNLive NATO official Soon, Israel wont have unanimous support for Iran strike Japan's poverty gap has politicians calling for rise in minimum wage  
It's only over the past decade that poverty has come to be recognized in Japan. Prior to that, the govt didn't even compile statistics on income inequality. Ecuador to make Assange asylum bid decision 'this week' Saudi king sends 32m to embattled Burma Muslims 
How the banking crash sparked a credit union boom People are turning away from casino finance and towards a more democratic system that isn't just about moneymaking
 No Arab national wants to ask What was the real cost for not recognizing Israel in 1948 and why didnt the Arab states spend their assets on education, health care and the infrastructures instead of wars?  USA declares Chinese companies a security threat  Ancient Buddhist City Will Be Destroyed in December Girl has stomach removed after consuming a cocktail containing liquid nitrogen. Julian Assange to sue Australian PM Julia Gillard for defamation over WikiLeaks comments Julian Assange supporters ordered to forfeit 93,500 bail money Venezuela Electoral Council Says Hugo Chavez Wins Presidential Vote  ABC News Cisco Systems Inc. has ended a longstanding sales partnership with ZTE Corp after an internal investigation into allegations that the Chinese telecommunications equipment maker sold Cisco networking gear to Iran. Three men, including a bank's Chief Executive, appeared in Irish court today to face charges relating to the 2008 banking crisis. Their bank has been bailed out so far by the state with 30 Billion Euro since 2009. These are the first people to be charged in relation to the current banking crisis. Did a French Spy Kill Gaddafi? Stem Cell Researchers Gurdon and Yamanaka win Nobel Prize for Medicine Chavez wins the Venezuelan election. Drone shot down by Israel appears Iranianmade headed for Dimona reactor Most African countries to be middle income by 2025 Iraq executes 11 convicted of terrorism Einstein letter dismissing idea of God to be sold on ebay. Four Nigerian students wrongly tortured in public and killed for crimes they didn't commit. Australia's Great Barrier Reef has lost more than half of its coral since 1985.  Nearly half of that destruction is linked to a single species of starfish. Teacher tried to dissuade Nobel winner from science  Daredevil Austrian Felix Baumgartner will attempt a freefall from the edge of Space on Tuesday.  If he succeeds he will break the sound barrier, if he fails his skin will boil. Kids killed by Taliban after Afghan cop refuses to quit 'Loud thumping' heard at volcano British PM David Cameron joins Twitter, draws immediate heavy fire Cristina Kirchner is facing revolt over an ailing Argentine economy, as her approval rating hits a record low and aides admit she is using the Falkland Islands as a smokescreen to mask domestic failings.  14yearold Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai has been shot; she had been on a Taliban 'hit list' since March after giving her diary to the BBC in the wake of women being forbidden an education in her town Jewish settlers attack undercover police officers posing as Palestinian shepherds  Mexican navy says Zetas cartel founder Heriberto Lazcano apparently killed in confrontation Officer who killed Brazilian student  with taser says he likely would've used the weapon even if he'd known the male had only stolen biscuits  He died after 11 officers  tasered him 14 times,  handcuffed him, used capsicum spray, & used a baton to fight his superhuman strength. The Guardian Greek antifascist protesters 'tortured by police' Quantum particle work wins Nobel for French, U.S. scientists  A French and an American scientist won the Nobel Prize on Tuesday for finding ways to measure quantum particles without destroying them, which could make it possible to build a new kind of computer far more powerful than any seen before. South African president Jacob Zuma uses $30million of taxpayer money to 'upgrade' personal home 'Saudi weapons' intended for the Saudi military seen at Syria rebel base Putting Profits Before Nutrition 
The Dark Side of the School Meals Business  
Experts now believe that frozen strawberries from China are behind a massive outbreak of the norovirus that recently affected thousands of schoolchildren in eastern Germany.  Rage erupts in Guatemala after police kill 6 protesters North Korea Says Its Rockets Can Hit U.S. Mainland Z3, the leader of Los Zetas one of Mexico's most violent cartels has been reported dead in a clash with Mexican Marines.  Egypt rights activists seeing hopes dissolve  Women and minorities had wanted guarantees of equal rights, but that goal seems out of reach now that control of Egypt has shifted to an Islamist president. Mexico Navy confirms death of Zetas leader Lazcano. BBC News has uncovered evidence that weapons intended for the Saudi military have been diverted to Syrian rebels. 4,000 tons of shells explode in Central Russia, leave mushroom cloudlike plume of smoke (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Turkey shells Syria for sixth day  Turkey has hit Syrian military positions for the sixth day in a row after a shell fired by the neighbouring country landed across the border.  Braineating amoeba kills at least 10 in Karachi Pakistan's most populous city hit by Naegleria fowleri, which is transmitted by contaminated water entering the nose
 Japanbased internet users who download copyright infringing files face up to two years in prison or fines of up to two million yen ($25,700; 15,900) after a change to the law. Hugo Chvez wins again in Venezuela Spin doctors have constructed a macabre operation that violates his privacy and human decency by telling  that his death was imminent. But he's in complete condition to carry out the presidency Peaceprize winning Pakistani girl on Taliban hit list fights for life after shooting Afghan woman helps addicts by running daring new restaurant in Kabul Actually, There Is No Hyperinflation In Iran Turkey sends fighter jets to Syrian border Turkish President Abdullah Gul said on Monday the worstcase scenarios were now playing out in Syria and Turkey would do everything necessary to protect itself, as its army fired back for a sixth day after a shell from Syria flew over the border. India announces plans for a Mars mission in 2013 Iran threatens to disconnect from the Internet Japan and North Korea Set To Talk Based on the principle of settling the unfortunate past and on restoring normal relations.  Cipla launches Qvir, a four in one HIV drug for Rs 158 ($2.84) Robin hood Spanish mayor becomes hero for robbing supermarkets  Tunisian Olympians targeted by Islamist radicals for behavior and dress deemed unIslamic Masked neoNazi Immortals storm Germany  and the Web  China's plan to expand coal mines & power plants threatens to drain   precious water supply & could trigger a severe water crisis, report warns  Heavy coal mining in Inner Mongolia is already causing desertification in the once pristine grasslands. The extinction of water is irreversible. Like a Bad Hollywood Cop Movie Asia's wildlife traffickers untouchable, colluding with officials    Bags of Tiger cubs, 100s of squirming tortoises, elephant tusks, water dragons, American paddlefish. Officials at Thailand airport proudly cite what's been seized. But others tell another story  The enthusiasm of Israel's prime minister and defence minister for an air strike on Iran appears to have united their country's defence and security establishment against them Australian High Court rules government's worldfirst plain packaging laws are constitutionally valid and tobacco products will be sold in olivegreen packaging by end of 2012. More brutal farm attacks in South Africa Mom shot in the face, tried calling for help | News24 Shadowy American drone campaign in Africa targeting Islamic militants more ruthlessly than ever Israel unhappy after EU blacklists 1980s town Syria, 'on the Verge of Collapse'  In Focus  The Atlantic Truck Bomb Explodes in Central Damascus Roma Trapped in Misery as France Demolishes Camps AK47s, Quack Medicine, & Heaps of Cash The Gruesome Rhino Horn Trade Explained   A male rhino struggled to its feet, hobbled several paces, then fell back down. It's horn of keratin, the same protein in human fingernails & hair, had been hacked off by poachers for a Chinesedriven market.   Leaders of Muslim countries are expected to suspend Syria's membership of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation at a summit in Mecca on Wednesday, despite the vocal objections of Iran. NeoNazi flash mobs strike German cities, aim to become 'immortal' on YouTube  NY Daily News Syrian conflict turning into proxy war against Iran. Australia forces tobacco companies to use plain packaging (High Court decision) Saudi king in goodwill gesture to Iran's Ahmadinejad Chinese Companies Pull Out of US Stock Markets  Hindus leave Pakistan for India amid claims of persecution