 Scotland will hold a vote in 2014 on independence in what could result in the eventual breakup of Britain Latin America is taking the lead on ending the war on drugs. Will the U.S. follow? Many mentally ill in Ghana being treated by Christian organization who will only use prayer, herbs and mandatory fasting for as long as 12 hours a day for up to 40 days, human rights group warns. A British WWII soldier was taken prisoner by the Japanese, forced to build the Burma Railway (the Death Railway), and tortured for making a radio receiver out of spare parts.  He later tracked down one of his torturers and forgave him in 1993, becoming friends.  He died at 93. Raped pupil expelled for 'tarnishing school's image'  An Indonesian school has expelled a 14yearold girl, claiming she tarnished the institution's image after she was raped by a trafficking syndicate, a child rights activist said  And the Worlds Most Educated Countries Are... Trial over girls gangraped by youths shocks France and sparks justice system row Stonehenge Laser Survey Reveals Carved Images, Now Invisible to the Naked Eye  Shows crust was removed from key stones, so they glistened at winter & summer solstices  We've recorded & scrutinized every cm2 in unparalleled detail, revealing  rock art, graffiti, damage, & restoration.  Frenchwoman gets phone bill for 11,721,000,000,000,000 euros Pakistan Taliban causes revulsion by shooting girl who spoke out. Attempt to kill activist Malala Yousafzai, 14, could be 'watershed' moment that turns public tide against militants and extremism NATO Plans Ready to Defend Turkey  Most Dangerous Cities In The World Australian PM, Julia Gillard, tears into opposition leader over sexist remarks Rich or poor, depression is a growing global crisis  Depression could become the leading cause of disability worldwide. Africa can easily grow wheat to ease hunger, price shocks study  Malala Yousafzai Pakistan bullet surgery 'successful'. Surgeons say they have successfully removed a bullet from the campaigning 14yearold schoolgirl shot by Taliban gunmen in Pakistan's Swat Valley Outcry over Pakistan attack on activist Malala Yousafza, 14 Toyota to recall 7.4 million cars Felix Baumgartner's skydive is postponed Tunisia children's magazine prints petrol bomb guide Mexico confirms death of feared Zetas cartel leader Why Chvez Was Reelected
 Iraq buys $4.2 billion in Russian weapons. Canadian psychiatrist 'Dr Shock', accused of human rights abuses in apartheidera South Africa, charged with sexually assaulting male patients. More than 150 fishermen and indigenous natives occupied controversial Amazon dam, claiming the project will do irreparable damage to the Amazon ecosystem and their way of life, while environmentalists have warned of deforestation, greenhouse gas emissions and irreparable damage to the ecosystem. A pharmaceutical giant has withdrawn an existing treatment for MS, and rebranded it. It now sells at twenty times the original price. Mysterious elkshaped structure discovered in Russia. Huge geoglyph may predate Peru's famous Nazca Lines by thousands of years. Egypt's liberals and Islamists clash on Tahrir Square, 110 reported injured
| Reuters Canadas $1.5B Afghanistan aid effort divorced from reality, according to damning, previously unreleased documents  'All the projects have failed. None of them have been successful,' said Nipa Banerjee, who headed CIDAs Afghanistan operation from 2003 to 2006  Iran says it would halt highgrade uranium enrichment if given fuel for a research reactor
| Reuters No blasphemy clause in new Tunisia constitution Islamistproposed blasphemy clause will not be included in the new Tunisian constitution, National Constituent Assembly speaker Mustapha Ben Jaafar reveals  A shadowy jihadi group believed to be linked to al Qaeda fought alongside rebels who seized a government missile defense base in Syria on Friday, activists said, heightening fears that extremists are taking advantage of the chaos to acquire advanced weapons. Russia says the Syriabound plane intercepted by Turkey was carrying a legal cargo of radar parts  not weapons for the Syrian war effort.  Greece's biggest company is leaving the country, drinks bottler Coca Cola Hellenic (CCH) said on Thursday in announcing it will move to Switzerland and list its shares in London, dealing a blow to the debtcrippled Greek economy. Tibetan Man Sets Himself on Fire to Protest China  An overseas human rights group says the grandfather of a revered Tibetan Buddhist figure has died after setting himself on fire in protest of Chinese rule. It is the latest of dozens of selfimmolations by Tibetans since 2009 Iran not to invade any country, but to encounter aggression Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Friday that based on Islamic principles, Iran has no aggressive intents but will never back down in face of any aggression One Child, One Laptop ... And Mixed Results In Peru   16 year old boy in Mexico shot by US border agent. Turkey condemns U.N. inertia as Syrian conflict deepens  Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan rebuked the U.N. Security Council for inaction over Syria on Saturday as war intensified across the country, saying the world body of superpowers was repeating mistakes that led to massacres in Bosnia BBC News  Cuban missile crisis The other, secret one Marseille police crime, corruption and coverup at the highest level  Botswana court allows women to inherit  In a landmark ruling Botswana's High Court has overturned a customary law which prevents women from inheriting the family home. A Point Of View Making sense of China. For more than 2,000 years, it was not a nationstate but a civilisationstate Tepco admits Fukushima nuclear disaster avoidable India's sex slaves face lifelong cycle of abuse 87 soldiers die in Syrian army's highest toll NGO United Nations starts crusade to stop little girls from becoming brides  Anglican Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Thursday that he is as committed to abolishing child marriage worldwide as he was to fighting apartheid in South Africa.  Finland Israel warns of action against Gaza ship China, Japan Signal Support for Europe Rescue Fund as IMF Meets What You Can Do to Help Girls Like Malala Yousafzai  Italian church to be stripped of tax exemption from 2013 The extra revenue from these exempt properties  including hotels, restaurants and sports centres  could be 25.5m a year in Rome alone Spot where Julius Caesar was stabbed discovered Weeks after posting a haunting Youtube video on her years of torment at classmates hands, 15yearold B.C. girl commits suicide. The European Union wins the Nobel Peace Prize 2012 (google translate article). In Haiti, Little Can Be Found of a HipHop Artists Charity   The charity created by Wyclef Jean, the Haitianborn hiphop celebrity, effectively went out of business last month, leaving a trail of debts, unfinished projects and broken promises. UN Human rights activists beaten, raped in Iran Prince of Sealand dies aged 91 China's official Womens Federation Pretty girls dont need a lot of education to marry into a rich and powerful family, but girls with an average or ugly appearance will find it difficult. ... by the time they get their M.A. or Ph.D., they are already old, like yellowed pearls. What it means to be 'living under drones'  latimes.com Pakistan Arrests Three Men In Taliban Shooting Of 15
YearOld Girl Koranburning pastor Terry Jones barred from Canada for antiMuslim film debate Golden Dawn Incident At Theater in Athens  Business Insider Fear grows as Mali extremists compile list of unwed mothers Botswana court rules in favor of gender equality  Botswana's courts nullify a customary law that denied women the right to inherit a family home, a decision seen as a crucial step forward for women's rights in the southern African country. BBC News  France 'uncovers biggest bomb plot in years' Nina was brutalised by her rapists, and then French justice assaulted her again A story to celebrate on the International Day of the Girl Child  

Rekha Kalindi refused to enter a child marriage at age 12 and insisted on staying in school. Her stand is helping change attitudes in part of rural India. US corn ethanol cost poor nations $6.6 billion  The paper calculates that, from 2006 to 2011, ethanolrelated corn price increases cost all cornimporting countries $11.6 billion. Developing nations bore around 57 percent of the burden Turkey scrambles fighter planes to Syria border Hezbollah says it launched drone over Israel and that it was shot down as it flew over suspected Israeli nuclear site. Nigerian farmers sue Shell in Dutch court over oil cleanup  Landmark case against overseas oil giant could set precedent Hezbollah Promises Drone Invasions Will Become A Way Of Life For Israel Nobel's will 'blatantly disrespected' in Norway Seven British soldiers arrested in murder probe French fishermen clash with 'scalloppillaging' Brits The shadow of ACTA is back in Europe, disguised as CETA (CanadaEuropean Union and Trade Agreement) A comparison of the leaked draft CETA shows it includes a number of the same controversial provisions, specifically concerning criminal enforcement, private enforcement by ISPs, and harsh damages. Controversial US businessman dumped 100 tonnes of iron sulphate off Canadian coast in world's largest ever geoengineering experiment, in what lawyers are calling a blatant violation of international bans Muslims protest 'age of mockery' as thousands 
descend on Google HQ  Telegraph Slavery's last stronghold Skydiver Felix Baumgartner lands highest ever jump Over 100 militants attack Pakistani police station killing six policemen. Two of the killed policemen were beheaded Pakistani teen activist on way to Britain to recover from shooting by Taliban  Student rejected from entry into medicine, pretends to be medical student for 2 years going to classes, labs, tutorials Gurkha ignores knife wound to trap his mugger for 15 minutes while blade was stuck in his arm
 Fukushima disaster could have been avoided, nuclear plant operator admits Panama leader tells Germany he wants to adopt euro  BERLIN (Reuters)  Panama would like to introduce the euro as legal tender alongside the U.S. dollar, President Ricardo Martinelli told German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday during a visit to Europe Malaysian transsexuals lose case against Islamic law that states men cannot wear women's clothes Austerityweary Lithuania elects new leftwing govt Using Illegal Drugs Is Like Gambling Or Eating Junk Food, Says UK Drug Policy Commission Turkey bans all Syrian aircraft from entering its airspace. Iran acknowledges arming Hizbollah with drone Wildlife experts say the number of tigers in Asia has fallen sharply in recent years due to habitat loss and poaching. Skins and body parts are sold to medicinal and souvenir markets, mainly in China. Food Prices Bread, coffee & fresh fruit have become a bit of a luxury  
Affordability is now the key factor for grocery shoppers, with ethical considerations least important Flemish separatists score wins in Belgian local election  BRUSSELS (Reuters)  A party that wants to split Belgium scored major victories in municipal elections on Sunday and its leader was set to become mayor of the country's second city, raising the pressure on a fragmented national government. 'Guinea worm' close to extinction Germans face hefty bill to end nuclear power  But only 18 months into the plan, the cost of the switchover is beginning to sink in. Some politicians, fearful of losing popular support for the transition, are demanding an overhaul of the mechanism to pay for it. Referendum in Place for Scottish Independence Scotland moves step closer to independence vote Lithuanians ditch government in verdict on austerity  VILNIUS (Reuters)  Lithuania's opposition prepared to take power on Monday after voters rejected the austerityminded government, a foretaste of what may await other European leaders forced to make unpopular cuts by the financial crisis. Prehistoric man ate panda, claims scientist. Excavated panda fossils show early humans used the bears as food in what is now southwest China, says Chinese scientist Thousands rally for Pakistani girl shot by Taliban  ISLAMABAD  Tens of thousands have rallied in Pakistan's largest city in support of a 14yearold girl shot and critically wounded by the Taliban for promoting girls' education and criticizing the militant group. Iraq records huge rise in birth defects, New study links increase with military action by Western forces

 Mauritania's president shot by his nation's troops  CNN.com British producer faces 2 years in prison for play about gay challenges in Uganda  China now eats twice as much meat as the United States and must rein in its appetite or face a food crisis, one of the country's leading farm experts has warned.  Swedish lunch lady gets to continue baking her own bread! The whole drama was a misunderstanding. Brazil forces set for Rio slum onslaught  More than 1,000 police and soldiers brace for militarystyle assault on drug traffickers in four of the city's favelas. UN warns of looming worldwide food crisis in 2013 Pussy Riot members face tough life in penal colony Malala Yousafzai is now face of global girls education movement  Russian activists slam rainbow adorned milk carton  'gay milk propaganda' Mexico's drug cartels target journalists in brutal killing spree   He shakes as he speaks &  his eyes fill. Its certain the people who killed my colleague were criminals. The killing had the modus operandi of organised crime. But who sent them & why? Thats the question, thats the smokescreen. Gunmen kill 20 at mosque in northern Nigeria The Wests Stalwart Ally in the War on Drugs Iran 
(Yes, That Iran) Israel kills Qaedatied leader of Gaza militant group
 In Spain, separatist fever rises in time of crisis Gunmen kill 20 at mosque in northern Nigeria  KADUNA (Reuters)  Gunmen opened fire on Muslim worshippers as they were leaving a mosque in northern Nigeria on Sunday, killing at least 20 people, a local official said. North Korea's progress seems to be more style than substance Despite new construction, fashions and items to buy, 'Day to day, our life is actually harder,' says one North Korean, who struggles to get enough to eat. Mali rebels threaten France over intervention AlQaedalinked fighters say they will open the doors of hell if France keeps pushing for armed intervention in Mali. Stop Trade in Bear Bile  Rescued bear cubs now poster children to end barbaric practice of regularly milking bile from bears.  Over 10,000 bears are kept on bile farms in China & around 2,400 in Vietnam.  China Exports Exceed Estimates, Shipments Increased 9.9 Percent President of Mauritania accidentally shot in the neck   Syria despatch rebel fighters fear the growing influence of their 'Bin Laden' faction. Imran Khan says Taliban's 'holy war' in Afghanistan is justified by Islamic law. Pakistani politician's comments at hospital that treated shooting victim Malala Yousafzai outrage Afghanistan's government BBC News  Brazil drugs raids Police surge into north Rio slums Chinese companies will be able to sue Canada in secret for trying to protect the Canadian environment if FIPPA (CanadaChina Foreign Investment Promotion and Protection Act) passes! Afghan girl 'beheaded for refusing prostitution'. Afghan police have arrested four people who allegedly tried to force a woman into prostitution and beheaded her when she refused Gunmen kill polio vaccinator in Pakistan  
The vaccinator was shot dead, highlighting opposition to the  program.  The Taliban have banned immunizations, condemning the campaign as a cover for espionage since a Pakistani doctor  helped CIA track down Osama bin Laden using a vaccination program.
 Blind Man Tasered  UK Police Mistake Stick For Sword Stroke victim Colin Farmer, 61, was hit with a 50,000 volt Taser gun after police mistook his white stick for a samurai sword Taliban Demands Unbiased Coverage of Its Attempted Murder of a 14YearOld Girl North Korean leaders wife not seen in over 40 days. Not wearing Kim IlSung badge cited for disappearance. French President to attempt to ban homework. Rhino poaching hits record numbers in South Africa Evidence of mass murder after Gaddafi's death A Canadian border guard has been shot at the Peace Arch U.S.Canada crossing. Canadian government 'knew of plans to dump iron into the Pacific' Coffee giant Starbucks has reportedly only paid $14m in corporation tax in the UK since 1998, and nothing in the past three years, despite racking up sales of more than $4.8bn. Corruption Continues Virtually Unchecked in Greece  May says No to US over computer hacker  McKinnon extradition  
Shock decision hailed as significant milestone for those who have campaigned against Britains extradition agreement with the US. If a man is not an oligarch, something is not right with him. An excerpt from Plutocrats The Rise of the New Global SuperRich and the Fall of Everyone Else Scotland Yard bans visible tattoos on officers Death rate falls to lowest ever in England and Wales An interesting little experiment on sexual harassment here in Egypt Chinese public opinion growing increasingly hostile to the world, new survey shows. Europe Has Worst Grape Harvest in Half Century  
Drought, frost & hail ravaged  harvest, which is expected to slump by 20% compared 2011. Italy's grape crop dropped 7%.  The European wine harvest automatically has a global impact since it accounts for 62% of worldwide wine production. Iran upset over the European Union's decision to shut down all 19 Iranian satellite channels carried by Eutelsat, including Press TV Pope condemns Pussy Riot Horrific use of child soldiers rising in Colombia, report finds The Malala Yousafzai Saga Like Father, Like Daughter. As the world is astonished by the bravery of the young Pakistani girl, attention is being given to the man whose ambitions inspired her courage Theologists, Philosophers and Scientists to debate the origin of the universe at CERN British computer hacker Gary McKinnon will not be extradited to the US For eight months, starting last November, he was the prime minister of his native country, Somalia, one of the most chaotic nations on earth. And then, as suddenly as he had left, he was back in his cubicle at the Transportation Department in Buffalo, NY 
Starbucks paid no tax on UK earnings in the past three years The coffee chain company has used legal taxavoidance tactics to pay as little as possible, paying 8.6m in taxes on a reported 3bn in UK sales since 1998, and nothing in the past three years. Is this OK?
 Indian baby suffers horrendous burns in shocking dowry dispute  An Indian woman has died and her 13monthold daughter suffered horrendous burns after her husband and fatherinlaw set them on fire as they slept, in a dispute over a dowry payment.  The Jewish majority is history
The government's acknowledgement that Jews are a minority in this land means one thing only Apartheid is here. In other words, in the territory under Israel's jurisdiction a situation of apartheid exists. A Jewish minority rules over an Arab majority. West's free speech stand bars blasphemy ban  OIC  ISTANBUL, Oct 15 (Reuters)  Western opposition has made it impossible for Muslim states to obtain a ban on blasphemy, including antiIslamic videos and cartoons that have touched off deadly riots, the Islamic world's top diplomat said. Mali Girl in Timbuktu whipped for speaking to men  BAMAKO, Mali (AP)  A teenaged girl received 60 lashes in Timbuktu after Islamist extremists convicted her of speaking to men on the street. STRATFOR Egypt Is Prepared To Bomb All Of Ethiopia's Nile Dams Cardboard bike is a 'game changer in Africa  Telegraph 1,400 evacuated in Germany after Kraft Foods leak  Historically Neutral Swiss Prepare Army for European Economic Meltdown and Civic Unrest Israel urged to protect West Bank olive trees after settler attacks. More than 870 trees vandalised in first week of harvest this month, according to UN GuineaBissau How Cocaine Transformed a Tiny African Nation Doctors and Nurses Forced to Pick Cotton in Uzbekistan  Russia's Medvedev calls for ban of tobacco ads
 Syria Rebels losing support in Aleppo. As the conflict deteriorates, many residents are losing patience with an increasingly violent and unrecognizable opposition. The European Union has banned imports of natural gas from Iran. British computer hacker Gary McKinnon will not be extradited to the US, Home Secretary Theresa May has announced. Girl Shot by Taliban Arrives in Britain For Treatment  NYTimes.com Western spies get discreetly involved in Syria I didn't even know this was feasible. Ghana seizes Argentinian war ship due to a court order from a hedge fund stating that Argentina still owes money from defaulted loans.  Cuba Scraps Exit Visa Requirement  HAVANA (AP)  The Cuban government announced Tuesday that it will no longer require islanders to apply for an exit visa, eliminating a muchloathed bureaucratic procedure that has been a major impediment for many seeking to travel overseas. When the Arab Jews Fled  WSJ.com Nigel Farage and the Euro The idea that we should take all these different countries in Europe, force them together against their democratic will, and put them under the control of people like Herman Van Rompuy is, frankly, beyond belief. These are very, very dangerous, bad people Chinese Navy Warships Pass Waters Near Okinawa Island Mexican Drug War  Five Years Later (images) US sells over 80 F15s to Saudi Arabia, worth $30 billion 2 Doctors Without Borders workers shot in Somalia
 99yearold divorces wife after he discovered 1940s affair Hacker Community trying to Circumvent Internet Censorship with Amateur Satellites Syrian security forces fire nail bombs at tens of thousands of protesters in Douma How India is Winning the Future With Solar Energy   China is showing a new interest in Indias growing demand India fails to pass anticorruption law, attention now turns to electoral politics, and who takes the blame
 Kurds protest over deadly Turkey air raid  At least 35 killed in air raid in southeastern part of country, prompting violent protest in Istanbul. Hugo Chavez blames the U.S. for the fact that he developed cancer, and speculates that the U.S. has weaponized cancer and is giving it to Latin American leaders. After all the street protests, India fails to pass anticorruption law US warships cross Hormuz despite Iranian threats New Contraceptive Rule in China Sparks Outrage  This amounts to asking people to register before they make love.  Women buying emergency contraceptives must give their real names & ID card numbers. The Lies that Europe's Politicians Tell Themselves 
The euro zone has been built on lies, the idea that the common currency could work without political union. But Europe's politicians are currently suffering from an equally fatal delusion  that they have time to fix the crisis. The Spanish government will increase the length of the work week for the civil service to 37.5 hours from the current 35 hours in austerity measure. Snipers rule the streets in the besieged Syrian city of Homs North Korea warned on Friday South Korea and other foolish politicians around the world should not expect it to change its policies Turkey forced to admit victims of bombing were not Kurdish separatist fighters UK Thatcher Considered Jailing Reporters A woman in French city Brittany was slapped with a 35 ($45) fine after police spotted her driving her car wearing a fullface veil. The Associated Press Hundreds of thousands of Syrians protest govt Nuclear submarine on fire in northern Russia Despite the Arab League's presence, Syrian troops fired into crowds of thousands of unarmed protesters, killing dozens Beate Zschpe is allegedly the only surviving member of the German neoNazi terror cell, which is suspected of murdering at least 10 people, but she refuses to talk. In an exclusive interview, SPIEGEL ONLINE spoke with her public defender about the case and what he thinks of his client.  North Korea Restores Order to Kim Funeral With Photoshop UltraOrthodox Jewish groups in Israel would like to see gender separation in public, and some have stooped to harassing women to get their way. With thousands of Israelis protesting against the growing influence of the superreligious, the rift in Israeli society is getting deeper. Ukraine Sends Yulia Tymoshenko to Remote Prison Camp Britain Plagued by Epidemic of Metal Theft   Manhole covers, lead from church roofs, electric cables, even memorial statues & plaques with the names of war dead are vanishing in the face of rising demand from Asia & a recycling industry that pays in cash and asks no questions France approves soda tax Another Shady Land Deal in Africa, This One Assisted by the U.S. Ambassador to Tanzania  It'll displace over 160,000 people & commercially develop the sitewhich includes lands serving as refugee resettlement areas since 1972for largescale crop cultivation, beef, & poultry, & biofuel production Kim JongUn Just Issued His First Threat Of War Against South Korea Is Egypt's military worse than Mubarak?  After a violent raid on rights groups, some say Egypt's military has gone too far.
 North Korea officially names Kim Jong Un Supreme Commander of its 1.2 millionstrong military UAE to buy U.S. missiledefense system for $3.48B 500,000 march in Syria as Arab League spots proAssad snipers  How the 'Year of the Protester' played out in Europe  
The protests in the Middle East & US may have garnered more attention, but 2011 was just as much a year of awakening in southern Europe, where young people are worried about their future.  Hounded by the economic crisis that shows no signs of letting up and by political leaders of all stripes, Portugal's conservative Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho sent out an unprecedented message to his fellow citizens Emigrate. Moscow rally halted amid arrests  Russian police have arrested protesters trying to attend a Moscow rally. Iran said it had delayed promised longrange missile tests in the Gulf on Saturday and signaled it was ready for fresh talks with the West on its disputed nuclear program Iran testfires missiles in international waters Riot police, protesters are clashing in Bahrain in one of the most widespread days of protest in months Brazil gears up for new freedom of information law The spectre of 1932 How a loss of faith in politicians and democracy could make 2012 the most frightening year in living memory
 Twenty elections that could change the world in 2012 Russia hands over Nerpa nuclear sub to India Most of the deaths caused by Cyclone Thane in S India were due to collapsing walls, electrocution, drowning, & severe cold. Up to 1.2 million people live in the affected area, with almost 80,000 in lowlying coastal land. Syria Arab League observers witness government snipers in Deraa China's Shaky Economic Foundation  Beijings success in quelling daily unrest fails to address the fundamental problem a development path built on an eroding foundation of unjust land grabs, environmental destruction and  social polarization  US to sell $3.5b in missile technology to the United Arab Emirates Nigeria declares State of Emergency in the Northern region due to recent spasm of violence from Islamist insurgency.  All borders are closed.   ExPrime Minister Margaret Thatcher has died following a stroke Iceland voted the friendliest place on earth Swiss offer to mediate in North Korea crisis, foreign ministry already made contact with the North Korean authorities Germany Thieves Swipe 5 Tons of Nutella The Canadian government has barred scientists from entering the Experimental Lakes Area in Ontario. As funding for the freshwater research station dried up this week, scientists with ongoing projects at the facility were left wondering about the future of their research. N. Korea to withdraw all its workers from Kaesong complex Wikileaks releases Kissinger Cables with 2 million documents. 120 tons of radioactive water leak out of Fukushima plant Prime Minister of Iceland visits China with HER wife  Anticipation over reactions British grandmother sentenced to death by firing squad for drug trafficking in Indonesia. Britons accused of drug offences in Dubai are refused legal visits and claim to have been tortured (including electrocuting testicles) India Use Drones to Protect Rhinos From Poachers  An oil discovery is expected earn the Falkands $10.5 billion over the next 25 years Bemused Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel confronted by topless Femen protester in Hanover Greek Commission Concludes Germany Owes Billions in War Reparations The total could be enough to solve the country's debt problems, but the Greek government is wary of picking a fight with its paymaster. North Korea seen readying for fourth nuclear test Why Japan is the most interesting story in global economics right now WikiLeaks is to publish more than 1.7 million US diplomatic and intelligence documents Gaza police shaving heads of longhaired youths. 'It is the latest sign that the Islamic militants are imposing their strict practices on the population' Bangladeshi PM Sheikh Hasina has firmly rejected demands by Islamists for a new antiblasphemy law to punish those who defame Islam and Prophet Muhammad Pirates of the Caribbean Global Resistance to Tax Havens Grows  Tax havens cause hundreds of millions of euros in annual damage to national economies around the world and they create an uncontrollable parallel economy. France to buy US drones Police allege man was sexually assaulted by 4 women North Korea ready for new nuclear test, says South  video | World news Tepco finds second pit leaking in Fukushima Ontario is putting an end to coalburning power plants '...on the verge of becoming the first industrial region in North America to eliminate all coalfired electrical generation.' In sign of growing Chinese frustration with North Korea, Daily Show clip mocking Kim Jong Un gets 2.8 million views on China web portal, making it the 2nd most viewed Daily Show segment ever North Korea to 'launch missile TOMORROW' after warning foreigners to evacuate South | World | News French Intelligence Agency Forces Wikipedia Volunteer to Delete Article; ReInstated, It Becomes MostRead Page On French Wikipedia Jewish terrorist who murdered two palestinians gets 2 life sentences in Israeli jail 10yearold rape victim put behind bars Times of India 'Ding Dong! The Witch Is Dead' set to enter UK Official top 40 following Margaret Thatcher's death Street parties break out in London and across the UK over death of Margaret Thatcher Now Hiring Fake Somali Pirates. Foreign journalists have paid Kenyans pretending to be Somali pirates hundreds of dollars to interview them. Japan deploys three Patriot missile defense batteries in Tokyo, a chain of PAC3 batteries to Okinawa, and Aegis missile defense destroyers to the Sea of Japan The British are watering our whiskey, warned American diplomat in 1973 (via Wikileaks) US tear gas shipment 140,000 canisters  arrives in Egypt. While in Syria, FRONTLINE filmmaker Olly Lambert did not anticipate that bombs from government jets would begin to fall just 300 meters away. (Warning Graphic Violence) South Korean politician We need tactical nukes to send message to China How a Single Spy Turned Pakistan Against the United States. What really happened after Raymond Davis killed two men in the street in Lahore. North Korea workers don't report for work at joint industrial park Japanese woman with megaphone in Osaka I hate Koreans so much... We will start Tsuruhashi massacre like Nanking Massacre. Crowd cheers. Afghanistan mineral deposits estimated at $1 trillion The Pirate Bay Moves to .GL Domain in Anticipation of Domain Seizure The Pirate Bay has received indications that the Swedish authorities might soon attempt to seize the sites .se domain Margaret Thatcher Was Freakishly Correct About Why The Euro Would Be Such A Big Disaster US Navy Deploying Laser Weapon Prototype in Persian Gulf The Sun reports that Kim Jong Un starred in a Grease production while going to school in Switzerland Putin Says Russia Does Not Discriminate Against Gays North Korea exsoldiers recall 'golden days' of military drills | World news France wants to keep 1,000 soldiers in Mali permanently Samoa Air becomes the first airline to introduce pay as you weigh aifares meaninig overweight passengers pay more Free abortions come into force in France As of April 1 women in France will have access to free abortions, while teenage girls will be able to get free and anonymous contraception. One Month After Threatening a College Newspaper with Legal Action for Criticizing Their AntiGay Marriage Campaign, The Iona Institute Is Threatening to Sue Another Paper For Reporting It A list of those that had private foreknowledge and withdrew large sums of money in RUB, EUR and USD out of Cyprus. U.S. marijuana law changes bring boom to B.C. hydroponics No end in sight for North Korea tensions Western women warned 'friendliness' confuses Indian men China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights North is to blame for the tensions and that hostilities are not imminent North Korea 'crisis gone too far' says UN chief Ban Kimoon US Navy shifts guided missile destroyer in wake of North Korea missile threats Afghan Girl, 6, Rescued from Child Bride Fate; Countless Others not so Lucky Jon Stewart obliterates Egypts president for arresting Egypts Jon Stewart First australian ambassador of aboriginal origin appointed North Korea names new premier seen as economic reformer amid nuclear tension Eurozone unemployment hits alltime high 19 million out of work Police Officer sues robbery victim after injury while investigating premises. Litigation culture gone mad? Mislabeled fish slip into Europe's menus. Research reveals that 7% of cod and haddock  the deepfried staples of British fish and chips  actually turn out to be cheaper fish substituted to cut costs. Air pollution linked to 1.2 million premature deaths in China African nations increase farm spending, winning poverty battle The U.S. Navy is moving a radar platform closer to North Korea's coast, the Pentagon says Russia going back to Afghanistan? Kremlin confirms it could happen A new strain of bird flu, H7N9, has killed 2 in China, but doctors dont detect human transmissions. Hamas law promotes gender segregation in Gaza schools American tourist riding public transportation was gangraped in Brazil Camp Nama British personnel reveal horrors of secret US base in Baghdad  Detainees captured by SAS and SBS squads subjected to humanrights abuses at detention centre, say British witnesses North Korea via Instagram North Koreans are not getting any information from the outside world. They think they will win if a war breaks out. Saudi Arabia will now let women ride bicycles, but only for fun, not for transportation. Brazilian men gangrape an American girl in a public bus while holding down her boyfriend and making him watch Russian billionaire plans to make humans immortal by 2045 A Russian billionaire has unveiled plans to make humans immortal by converting them into 'Terminatorstyle' cyborgs  a creature that's part human and part machine  within the next three decades. Indian woman burns her rapist to death Gate to hell discovered by Italian scientists. Sony makes more money selling life insurance than selling electronics. China deploys tanks, armor to NK border It's Believed China is Dramatically UnderReporting Its Overseas Fishing Catch  Excessive catches by vessels from China threaten the livelihoods & ecosystems in West Africa, in particular N. Korea only allowing S. Korean workers to leave Kaesong, banning entry Hungary is no longer a democracy U.S. sends in $900M antimissile radar array as North Korea vows to fire up nuclear reactor Spain's Princess Cristina has been summoned to appear in court over allegations that her husband misused millions of euros of public money. Amazon tribe threaten to go to war with Brazilian government after military incursion into their land by dam builders City plans to fight drug addiction with... marijuana New facesized tarantula discovered in Sri Lanka  Scientists found the spiders  with a leg span up to 8 inches across  living in trees & the old doctor's quarters of a hospital. Bangladesh police have arrested three atheist bloggers for defaming Islam and the prophet Mohammed, amid demands from religious fundamentalists for an Internet crackdown. Germany Doesn't Get Much Sun. How Did It Become a Leader in Solar Energy? Saudi court sentences man to be paralyzed The Anonymous hacktivist collective announced that it's released sensitive data  aka doxed  the government of North Korea over its threat to restart a nuclear reactor in the country. Double standard emerges in Brazil van gang rape investigation. The American victim of a Brazil gang rape saw two suspects arrested in her case within 24 hours. The same men allegedly raped a local woman a week prior, but her case saw little action from police. Slain dictator Gaddafis only daughter booted from Algerian safe house for repeatedly setting it on fire Cyprus President's Family Transferred Tens Of Millions To London Days Before Deposit Haircuts Australia launches national child sex abuse inquiry Australia has opened a national investigation into child sex abuse, with primte minister Julia Gillard warning of uncomfortable truths as institutions including schools and churches come under scrutiny Cyprus President's Family Transferred Tens Of Millions To London Days Before Deposit Confiscations Canadian warship seizes $100million of heroin in 'massive' high seas bust Israel jails teenage conscientious objector for eighth time Nathan Blanc has spent more than 100 days in prison over the past 19 weeks due to his refusal to enlist in Israeli army Pakistani Behind the Korean Nukes Supreme Court in India has rejected attempts by the drug maker Novartis to patent its cancer drug Canadas information commissioner is launching an investigation into the muzzling of government scientists, a widereaching probe that will cover six different federal departments. A 40yearold Pakistani housewife has made history by becoming the first woman to run for parliament from the country's northwest tribal region, a highly conservative area that is a haven for Islamist militants If the EU were to apply to join the EU, it would not be admitted, because it does not meet the democratic standards required of member states. Are Drone Strikes Killing Terrorists or Creating Them?What the evidence says about one of the biggest questions in the debate over targeted killings. U.S. F22 stealth jets join South Korea drills amid saberrattling North Korea likely has the capability to mount a plutoniumbased nuclear warhead on the shorter range Nodong missile, which has a range of about 800 miles  Former IAEA inspector David Albright (xpost from /r/NorthKoreaNews) Patents Defeat in India Is Key Victory for Generic Drugs Indias top court rejected a Swiss drug makers patent request for a major cancer drug on Monday, ensuring poor patients access to many of the worlds best drugs, at least for a while Indian Supreme Court rejects Novartis' patent petition, allowing a price drop on leukemia medicine around the world. From $70,000 to $2,500. Acts of Torture Reveal True Nature Of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood India tourist visits down 25% following fatal Delhi gang rape An Afghan teenager has killed an American soldier by running up from behind and stabbing him in the neck Thousands of Moroccans protest to topple Islamistled government Canadian federal office is launching a sweeping investigation into complaints that the Harper government has been 'muzzling' and restricting access to scientists Cesar Chavez Google doodle on Easter Sunday outrages Christian conservatives online Brazil Foreign tourist raped on Rio de Janeiro minibus Countries in the developing world are drastically reducing their euro holdings as economic instability in Europe leads them elsewhere to stock their currency reserves. Euro holdings are at their lowest level in a decade, according to the International Monetary Fund. India's top court dismisses Novartis petition for Glivec patent Antarctic sea ice is expanding A neuroscience arms race The increasingly lucrative field of brain research and the politics behind it South Korean President Vows Strong, Swift Military Response if North Provokes Demonstrators march against law that allows police to declare public protests illegal. In response, the Montreal police declare the protest illegal. French intelligence agency bullies Wikipedia admin into deleting an article I was so brainwashed in North Korea death camp I betrayed my family Man freezes to death on day 3 of trying to live as the homeless do You might think alarm bells would be sounding in Washington, given the warnings in North Korea. But when they talk about North Korea, United States officials are sounding like an exasperated parent responding to a child's tantrum. North Korea thinks that the U.S. is irritated and scared of the proud and mighty NK military. U.S. amassing B1 strategic bombers near North Korea Study finds most Haiti aid went to US groups. 'Just 1 percent went to Haitian companies' Syria in Ruins  In Focus [PHOTOS] Mexico hourly wages now lower than China's. Mexico's wages as a proportion of economic output are lower than those in Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, South Korea, Hungary, Poland and Brazil. Mexico has increased its U.S. market share at a faster pace than China over the past six years. 7.2 Earthquake off Papua, Indonesia Hundreds of thousands of people are protesting in Bangladesh to demand that the government introduce an antiblasphemy law that would include the death penalty for bloggers who insult Islam. Daycare shooting in Canada Fidel Castro says the current tensions on the Korean Peninsula pose one of the gravest threats for nuclear holocaust since the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 US is using China to pressure North Korea H7N9, Avian Flu in Beijing being monitored, 14 confirmed cases 6 dead. North Korea releases video of Kim Jongun firing a gun Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant leaking contaminated water Pope Francis donates $50,000 to flood victims in Argentina Kim Jongun orders increased production of artillery in N. Korea U.S. Calls on China to to crack down on the regime in Pyongyang(N.Korea) Russia has more nuclear warheads than US, UK, France, China combined. Interactive stats on the nuclear states Japanese scientists figure out how to read visual contents of dreams with brain scans. Angelina Jolie pledges $200K to educate Pakistani girls Fidel Castro to North Korea nuclear war will benefit no one Nazca lines destroyed by quarrying operations in Peru. BBC has uncovered fresh evidence of how some Sharia councils in Britain may be putting Muslim women 'at risk' by pressuring them to stay in abusive marriages Swedish tourist manages to smuggle out pictures from North Korea. Guides did not know the camera had 2 memory cards. Canada's largest bank replacing Canadian workers with temporary foreign workers Anonymous launches massive cyber assault on Israel Hacktivist group Anonymous has launched its second massive cyber attack against Israel. The collective threatens to disrupt and erase Israel from cyberspace in what they have dubbed the largest internet battle in the history of mankind In a secret deal, Pakistan allowed American drone strikes on its soil on the condition that the unmanned aircraft would stay away from its nuclear facilities and the mountain camps where Kashmiri militants were trained for attacks in India. Maasai face eviction from ancestral lands to make way for Dubai hunting firm Tanzania plans to reduce Maasai areas by 40%, citing 'overgrazing.' A mass protest fell apart this week, but Maasai women took up the cause and organized their own sitin Magic mushroom depression trial tripped up by absurd drug laws China asks North Korea to ensure safety of its nationals. Judges may lack common sense because they have lived 'sheltered lives', warns Britain's most senior female judge Philippines asking $1.4 mn from US for reef damage Hang atheist bloggers Bangladeshi Muslims call for execution of blasphemers (PHOTOS) Afghan attacks kill U.S. diplomat, soldiers, others Countries rattled by taxhaven data leak  Politicians and companies worldwide face questions over offshore accounts Japan to order shooting down of North Korea missile Reports Japan whaling haul a 'record low', plans to keep whaling regardless Japan's latest whaling season has drawn to a close with a record low haul due to unforgiveable sabotage by protestors, a government minister has said Embassy staff in N Korea ignore warning. Most foreign governments have made it clear they will not be evacuating their staff, despite warning from Pyongyang China 'severely concerned' over North Korean tensions, saying they won't allow troublemaking at the doorstep of China. North Korea tension 'prompts US missile test delay' This Is What Superstition Does  Witches Tortured, Burned Alive Papua New Guinea has seen several cases of persecution. The latest attacks occurred on Easter when six women were tortured with hot irons as an Easter sacrifice. BBC News  Afghan children 'killed by Nato air strike The great recycling con trick How 12million tons of your carefully sorted waste is being dumped in foreign landfill sites Is the Global Economy Slowly Falling Apart? Health Canada recalls birth control pill Alysena, after finding out some packages were sold with 2 weeks of placebos instead of 1 Hamas ban on Western garments, hair styles criticized in Gaza Canadian father 'appalled' that mother who drowned two young boys and left their dead bodies for her husband to find next to her wedding ring will be released after serving only 10 months. Pyongyang asks China to send envoy Beijing rejects the request North Korea seen moving midrange missile to east coast Offshore Leaks Vast Web of Tax Evasion Exposed  International network of journalists has 2.5m records from tax havens detailing letterbox firms, offshore accounts & dubious financial deals. The unprecedented leaks include names of 130,000 people who moved money offshore. N. Korea has just vowed actual military actions against the US Anonymous Hacks Official North Korean Social Media Accounts The hackers allegedly seized control of North Korea's official Twitter and Flickr accounts, in the process defacing several related websites, and making the autocratic nation look extremely unprepared for cyber attack. Anonymous wealth from around the world revealed after data leak Two North Korean submarines have disappeared  Chosun TV (Translated) US Official N. Korea may be planning launch, It's unknown whether it would be a test or a strike. A renowned Alberta water scientist is urging the federal government to take action after he discovered deformities in fish in the Athabasca River downriver from oil sands developments bear a striking resemblance to ones found in fish after spills in U.S. waters. The Next Korean War and how the Kim regime might play the nuclear card to force a indecisive war (Good analysis for those wanting more than jokes about NK) Secret Files Expose Offshore's Global Impact A cache of 2.5 million files has cracked open the secrets of more than 120,000 offshore companies and trusts, exposing hidden dealings of politicians, con men and the megarich the world over. North Korea approves nuclear strike on US Bank of Japan to pump $1.4 trillion into economy in unprecedented stimulus North Korea warns nuclear war on America could break out today or tomorrow. Sorry, Anonymous probably didnt hack North Koreas intranet US tells North Korea to drop threats after nuclear warning North Korean Twitter Account Hacked By Anonymous. Signs of North Korea Easing Off War Message at Home North Korea's missile movement not aimed at U.S. mainland Hack attacks hit Bitcoin exchange rates North Korea warns the moment of explosion is near. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is standing by to discuss at 629p ET on CNN 'Not a crime to make known crime of a state' Senior Swedish judge backs Assange N Korea, final approval for nuclear attack on US Manchester police to record attacks on goths and punks as hate crimes U.N. calls for closure of Guantanamo prison We must be clear about this the United States is in clear breach not just of its own commitments but also of international laws and standards that it is obliged to uphold 2,080 lashes for Saudi man who raped daughter N. Korea loads 2 mediumrange missiles on mobile launchers Earthquake just north of North Korea's border A man in Germany has raised a pack of 70 wolves and established himself as the alpha male Gul Meena, a 17yearold Pakistani girl, was attacked by her brother in an honor killing attempt after she left her 60yearold husband. With an ax, her brother struck his own sister 15 times after killing her friend. Map This is how far those North Korean missiles can actually reach North Korea warns it cannot protect embassies after April 10 A South Korean intelligence official correctly predicted North Korea would urge foreign diplomats to leave, said an attack would follow North Korea does now have missile technology that is able to reach, as they put it, the whole of the United States  David Cameron, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. International Topless Jihad Day FEMEN Activists Stage Protests Across Europe (nsfw photos) U.S. to return military base lands in Okinawa to Japan Lego didn't give in to Muslim demands to remove Jabba's Palace A few media have reported that the product is being discontinued due to the mentioned criticism. This is, however, not correct. Japanese rock song so offensive it took North Koreas focus off U.S China shifts position on North Korea A girl from Tunisia could be stoned to death for posing naked with the words 'my body belongs to me' scrawled on her chest. BBC News  Pope Francis calls for action on clerical sex abuse Archaeologists unearth 'breathtaking' 4,000yearold complex at Iraqi home of Abraham BBC News  North Korea warns safety of British diplomats 'cannot be guaranteed' Uruguay Marriage Equality Approved Fidel Castro pens first column in 9 months, urges restraint on tense Korean Peninsula As N. Korean threats intensify, first signs of jitters in the South. Pope Francis Women are 'fundamental' to church North Korea 'asks Russia to evacuate embassy staff' as China loses patience US offers 5 million for the capture of Joseph Kony b'Victim will get to blind the man who blinded her  Update ' b'Police to track abusive men and warn the women who date them' b'WORST PUN EVER' b'8 Women Sentenced to Death by Stoning in Iran' b'Saudis order 40 lashes for elderly woman for mingling' b'The Apartheid State of Israel Illegally Mining in the West Bank' b'Iran Amnesty campaign for eight women at risk of being stoned to death' b'Psychiatric Drugging of Children IntolerableBetrayal of Innocence' b'A Muslim asks why others in the Islamic world are going to bat for a war criminal whose victims were innocent Muslims' b'What happens when somebody actually bothers investigating the IsraelPalestine Conflict.' b'Jihad against Joy    The attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team is part of a larger pattern. ' Chinese ships 'harass' US vessel [BBC] b'There is no such nation as Afghanistan The former Soviet ambassador to Afghanistan says more troops won't help where tribal and ethnic groups stand in the place of centralized government.' b'YouTube is blocking UK music videos' b'Zimbabwe Prime Minister Denies Assassin Allegations' b'Visualising 1,400,000 gravestones [pic]' b'75yearold Widow sentenced to 40 lashes, four months in jail for meeting young men' b'Surge in cocaine production unleashes wave of violence in Latin America' b'Homemade bombs blast police and fire vehicles in Western China one day before the 50th anniversary of the failed revolt that sent the Dalai Lama into exile.' b'Tensions with China? Five 5 Chinese ships aggressively maneuvered and shadowed a U.S. Navy surveillance ship' b'China imposes lock down on Tibetans' British MPs demand a judicial inquiry into a Guantanamo Bay prisoner's claims that MI5 was complicit in his torture b'North Korea cuts contact with South, orders troops to be combat ready ahead of joint U.S.South Korea military drills' b'Disrepair in South Ossetia Dims Hopes After Georgia War  NYTimes.com' b'Israel believes Iran can build nuclear weapons' b'Kim JongIl wins reelection with 99.9% of the vote. In other news, 0.1% of North Koreans put into labor camps.' b'The Norton Antivirus coverup A mysterious program known as pifts.exe associated with the AV program is attempting to contact a server in Africa. Symantec is hushhush. ' Indias New Face  Meet the probusiness antiMuslim extremist who could be the next leader of the world's largest democracy Dalai Lama warns Tibetans are 'near extinction' at 50th anniversary of exile b'Official Website of North Korea Is North Korea a dictatorship? No, the DPRK is a singleunitedparty constitutional democracy guaranteeing freedom of speech and assembly to all citizens.' b'Israel at it again, this time pillaging resources of the lands it occupies leaving nothing for the real owners, the palestinians' b'Pirate Party Politician Fired for His Political Views'  Dalai Lama China makes life 'hell on Earth' for Tibetans b'New Zealand's RIAA tries to justifiy new Guilty until proven Innocent' b'Under President Obamas plan, up to 50,000 US troops would remain in Iraq through 2011.' b'Heroin use is killing Russia, most of heroin comes from Afghanistan, much less under Taliban' b'Chinese attempt to instigate collision with U.S. Naval Surveillance Ship' b'Mideast Home Demolitions Threaten Peace Talks' b'Policeman killed in third fatal shooting in Northern Ireland' b'Astounding story about the obstaclesthugs, secret prisons, beatingsChinese citizens face to lodge a complaint about the government.' b'Chile and Argentina unite against UK Antarctic claim' b'The legitimacy of International Criminal Court is questioned over Sudan; some states might withdraw as members' b'Mexico police find severed heads' b'Palestinians launch unity talks' b'YouTube has exterminated all legally uploaded music videos viewable to British users' Zimbabwe premier 'No foul play' in fatal crash b'Planning on starting a family in less than 10 years? Well Austria want to give you free land!' b'Zimbabwe powersharing under fire' b'While the world looks the other way, the colonization of the West Bank continues' b'Tokyo is the most expensive city in the world' b'The Economist ... the war on drugs has been a disaster.... the least bad policy is to legalise drugs' SAS commander Afghan operation is 'worthless'  Morgan Tsvangirai's wife 'killed by US aid truck' b'Fighting in the Field Monsanto's Uphill Battle in Germany  A colorful alliance of beekeepers, anticapitalism protestors and conservative politicians are in the process of chasing the global market leader out of the country.' b'Human rights investigators say Israeli forces engaged in wanton destruction of Palestinian homes during the conflict in Gaza.' b'Israeli Soldiers Leave their Shit in Gaza Fridges... Literally. ' b'This American Life does the banking crisis. Insightful as usual. ' b'Top 10 Endangered Languages in the World' b'Kenyan human rights activists killed after accusing the Kenyan police of running death squads ' NY 'mafia cops' get life in jail  b'Outrage in France over plight of boy locked away for seven years by his parents' Fatal Tsvangirai crash 'was not accident', says MDC b'Burning Conscience Israeli soldiers speak out about their experiences as selfdescribed brutal occupiers of a disputed land. ' b'Must Jews always see themselves as victims?' b'Sufi shrine bombed, in push to Talibanize Pakistan' b'AntiIsrael protest turns violent  The Davis cup game between Sweden and Israel is being played without an audience' b'Solar Power For $2 A Day' b'UK police target thousands of political campaigners in surveillance operations and storing their details on a database for at least 7 years' b'Russia pushes for new strategic arms pact with U.S. We are prepared, as was suggested by our American partners, to reset our relations ... ' b'Tamil family proud of son's 'sacrifice'  The UKbased family of a young Tamil man who set himself on fire in protest at the treatment of his countrymen in Sri Lanka have said they are proud of his actions.' Barack Obama 'too tired' to give proper welcome to Gordon Brown China wants case against Sudan's president Bashir suspended b'Zimbabwe  a truck crossed into the lane in which Zimbabwes PM, a long time rival of President Mugabe, 4x4 was travelling and sideswiped his vehicle, causing it to roll over three times.' Google Shared Some Users' Docs Without Permission b'Morocco cuts diplomatic relations with Iran' b'US President Barack Obama has said the US is not winning in Afghanistan, saying it is more complex than Iraq.' b'In the UK, Protest Israeli Occupation of Palestine and Face Racism Charge in Court' b'U.S. Army document describes Israel as 'a nuclear power'  In a rare breach of official American adherence to Israel's policy of nuclear ambiguity ...' b'Egypt Violent Clash Erupts Between International Leftists Led by British MP George Galloway and Egyptian Security Forces on Gaza Border....' b'Losses on subprime mortgages in the United States have already caused a Depressionlike banking collapse. Well, believe it or not, Europes current crisis is scarier.' b'UNs AntiBlasphemy Resolution restricts free speech, promotes Islam' b'Swedes Claim They've Killed the Source of The Pirate Bay's Power With Biggest Ever Raid' b'Israel Helps Settlers to Take Over Palestinian Homes' b'Taliban militants shot down a suspected drone aircraft in a Pakistani tribal area' b'The Russian Oligarchs are Falling, and Falling Hard.' b'Two soldiers dead in attack on British Army base in Northern Ireland' b'Israel launches airstrikes into Gaza ' b'A Dublinbased newspaper has received a call supposedly from the Real IRA which claimed responsibility for the attack at Masserene army base.' b'For the Zionists who gain comfort from believing the video was faked Palestinians who approach Gaza fence will be shot, says IDF' b'Whole English village put up for sale for 22 million ' b'Ohio school gets 700 applicants for janitorial job' Soliders were killed 'executionstyle' as they lay on ground in Ulster attack b'School bus driver takes passengers to police station | The CourierMail' b'Woman Attacks ExFiance Who Wanted Ring Back' b'Vatican defends excommunication in Brazil of the mother and doctors of young rape victim who had an abortion ' b'Superpower Collapse Comparing the United States & USSR ' b'British soldiers shot dead at army base in Northern Ireland by gunmen dressed as pizza delivery men' b'Pakistan claims a victory over the Taliban' b'Georgia inmate arrested trying to get back in jail' Israel moves to the right  Netanyahu yields to Lieberman's demands for government posts Bigoted parents don't want to see disabled people on the telly b'Cambodian torturer claims Nazi defense of just following orders as he is prosecuted, while US hypocritically shields American torturers with a defense of just following orders.' b'To defend Israel six brave IDF soldiers ganged up on elderly man then cuffed, gagged and tortured him | Video' b'For God's sake, please stop this terrorism and let this nation breathe a sigh of relief' Followup on the Iranian acid attack victim who wanted her attacker blinded He has been sentenced to be blinded in one eye because one man is worth two women in Iran. But if she pays $25,000, they'll blind him in both eyes. 'Israel seriously considering Iran military op' b'Pakistan declares 'We are at war'  Pakistan declared that it was in a state of war after masked gunmen ambushed the Sri Lankan cricket team ...' b'Brilliant Israeli Animation on Gaza Horrors' b'Trouble brewing? Israeli ambassador to Washington resigns' b'Israelis react with fury to British boycott call' b'A new bill intruduced to ban headwear in license photos' GuineaBissau's army chief discovered a 200kilogramme cocaine stash a week before his assassination, which preceded the murder of the country's president b'Support Blackout Ireland as the music industry tries to censor their internet access!' b'Russian general says U.S. may have planned satellite collision' b'Italy pulls out of UN racism conference' b'Petrol station sells petrol at 40% the normal price for 1 hour. Traffic chaos ensues.' b'On ammo, we dont ask...Its politically incorrect, like youre calling them a spic.' b'Putin Threatens to Cut Ukraine Gas Flow in Two Days ' Palestinian health care 'ailing' b'French boy, 7, caged for years' b'Gaddafi Israel behind Darfur crisis ' b' Footage raises new questions about Pakistan attack' b'The European Central Bank (ECB) has cut its key interest rate to 1.5%, the lowest since it started setting euro rates in January 1999.' b'Two U.K. Citizens Charged with Bribing Nigerian Officials to Obtain Contracts' b'Sudanese army deserter describes Darfur village raid | World news | guardian.co.uk' b'Stop Bill C15 Say No To Mandatory Jail Terms For Marijuana' Yay, religion A Roman Catholic archbishop says the abortion of twins carried by a 9yearold girl who allegedly was raped by her stepfather means excommunication for the girl's mother and her doctors. b'Some 665 million Indians practice open defecation, more than half the global total  this is impeding economic growth' Obama's pick for National Intelligence Council chief is taking fire from the proIsrael lobby and neocons over his foreign ties and criticism of Israel. b'Wife of Zimbabwe Prime Minister killed in car crash, couple was hit by truck with apparently sleeping driver.' b'Lib Dems pledge to axe 20 laws that attack civil liberties' b'This what I get when I go to YouTube Dear Valued Customer Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (www.pta.gov.pk) has directed all service providers of the country to block access to some blasphemous web content/movies. This content would remain blocked till the further orders from PTA.' US officer 'stole Iraq aid funds' b'Clinton Israeli government plans to demolish dozens of Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem, calling the actions unhelpful and a violation of international obligations. ' b'In the U.S., Bushvilles (Camps for the Homeless) Are Springing Up' Zimbabwe PM and wife 'in crash' Mauritania 'shuts' Israeli embassy b'Pots of urine, feces in the refrigerator  how IDF troops defiled Gaza homes' Bank of England makes drastic move to 'print' 75 billion of new money as it cuts rate close to zero limit b'UK restores links with Hezbollah' b'Czech newspapers are questioning if the shocking discovery of vaccines contaminated with the deadly avian flu virus which were distributed to 18 countries by the American company Baxter were part of a conspiracy to provoke a pandemic.' Man charged with impersonating Dead Sea Scroll experts in order to further his father's views on the 2,000yearold documents b'This morning, a Reddit Moderator removed this #1 story from /r/worldnews.  Why should one Redditor get to override 300+ upmods?' b'Thailand police arrest political website editor over comments posted by readers who criticized the monarchy' b'Australian police are getting powers to search a property WITHOUT telling the owner for up to three years. Relation to drugs, computer crimes, firearms, homicide, kidnapping.' b'WTF?!! Foreign drivers to pay onthespot fines of up to 900 if they flout UK traffic laws from 1st April' b'Amazing Vanity Fair article about the rise and fall of Iceland.' b'Greyhound knife murderer found Not Criminally Responsible by reason of Insanity.' b'Wife of Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai killed in auto accident. ' b'Zimbabwe MiddleAged Women Keeping Economy Afloat' b'Last night an asteroid (discovered only days ago) the size of a 10 story building moving 12 miles per second buzzed pass earth within 1/5 the distance to the moon.' b'Sri Lankan Cricketers seriously injured when their bus was ambushed by terrorists in Pakistan' b'Wow  NY Times columnist says Hamas and Hezbollah have evolved into broad political movements widely seen as resisting an Israel overready to use crushing force. It is essential to think again about them.' Israel to present Clinton with 'red lines' on talks with Iran, i.e., Israeliapproved parameters within which any US dialogue with Iran may take place. Who's the superpower here? b'Obama releases secret Bush antiterror memos' b'Yahoo Fined For Refusing To Give Up Email Account Info' b'Judges Plead Guilty in Scheme to Jail Youths for Profit' b'Israel uses aid as a weapon' b'Avian Flu Released to General Population by Major Pharma for SECOND TIME' b'This is Chicago, the fake Arab town built by Israel in the middle of the Negev desert to train its military forces in urban warfare.' b'Israel Boycott Movement Gains Momentum' b'Sri Lankan International cricketers ambushed and injured in terrorist attack in Pakistan' b'US homegrown terrorist attempts to build a dirty bomb. Investigations reveal he is not Muslim. Everyone relieved. ' b'Wall Street on the Tundra [Iceland]' b'China crashes lunar probe into moon' b'Top 9 Hardest Languages in the World' b'Pakistan Jihadists Launch MumbaiStyle Attack on Sri Lankan Cricket Team, 7 Killed...(Update) All 14 Attackers Escaped.....' b'China and Tibet Another year of the Iron Fist' b'Mystery of Anastasia  Daughter of the Last Czar  Solved' b'Donors pledge 3.2 billion to rebuild Gaza' b'What Happens When a Language Dies?' b'Japan is a major force in global business, culture and technologyyet in some ways it is governed like a banana republic. Why?' b'Fish numbers outpace human population' b'German Official Wants DNA Testing of Dog Shit' b' U.S.Russia missile deal could be a setback for Czechs' The worst 'good luck' card ever?  b'Iranian police arrest porn stars, women face death penalty' ICC issues arrest warrant for Sudan's president, Omar alBashir, on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur.  b'After the Gaza assault, Google decided to host a Tech Talk providing the Palestinian perspective ' b'Israel orders US Any US dialogue with Iran must be both preceded by and accompanied by harsher sanctions (In other words, sticks before, sticks durings and sticks after, so as to make sure Iran doesn't mistake a stick for a carrot)' b'Private Joe Dresnock defected from the US Army to North Korea in 1962. How has everything worked out since?' b'Recall that guy who beheaded and cannibalized a sleeping greyhound passenger? Guess what he pleaded in court today' This is why most Israelis can't stand ultraorthodox Jews ... these are the same parties that are making it difficult for Israel to stop settlements in the West Bank. b'In Darfur, street protests over Bashir arrest warrant' b'100,000 foot soldiers in Mexican cartels' b'Two state solution | Israel wants Palestine to be emasculated.' b'A collision between U.S. and Russian satellites in early February may have been a test of new U.S. technology to intercept and destroy satellites rather than an accident, a Russian military expert has said.' b'U.N. resolution seeks to criminalize criticism of Islam' b'More on the IranSomaliaGaza Weapons Route' b'Iran plans to start up its first atomic power plant this summer' b'International court issues warrant for Sudanese president' b'Obama has proclaimed March as IrishAmerican heritage month.  Sounds pretty stupid to me.' b'US senator Ted Kennedy, 77, is to be awarded an honorary knighthood' b'Commander says Iran missiles can reach Israel atom sites' b'Time running out for US vision on Middle East' b'Spain Disconnecting PrePaid Phones in November Unless Users Identify Themselves [Rights]' Sudan soldier 'They told me to kill, to rape children' b'IranianAmerican journalist is thrown in jail An Iranian judiciary spokesman said she had been arrested on the orders of the revolutionary court, but he did not know what the charges were.' b'Israel opens fire on a Mural in Lebanon' b'Common ingredient offers AIDS protection' b'Soldiers assassinate GuineaBissau president' b'Many in Afghanistan oppose troop buildup plans; Send us 30,000 scholars instead. Or 30,000 engineers. But don't send more troops  it will just bring more violence.' b'Canada backs Israeli attack on Iran? In his harshest rhetoric so far, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper vowed steadfast support for Israel and claimed that the Iranian government has evil purposes for its technological achievements.' b'Israel Settlements to be doubled, Palestinian territory torn in half.' b'UK government blocks the release of cabinet minutes related to the invasion of Iraq because it would undermine democratic decisionmaking. If I were a Brit, that would be insulting my intelligence.' b'German woman steals $1.65 and loses her job. Bankers steal millions and get bonuses, pensions, and new jobs.' b'A side of Cancun not seen during spring break' b'The Obama administration might actually change US stance on Israel' b'Chinese businessman buys up all chinese artifacts from Paris auction, then stiffs them on the $20million price.' b'Almost 200 whales beached on Australian island' To politicians, we're little more than meaningless blobs on a monitor. Bring on the summer of rage b'The Hague trial Serbian spy Jovica Stanisic accused of setting up genocidal death squads but he was also the CIA's main man in Belgrade The agency's doc says that this allegedly evil person did a whole lot of good. ' b'Global economic downturn In graphics' Islamic banks 'better in crisis' b'Israel may face war crimes trials over Gaza' b'Israeli soldiers harass Palestinian in Mufaqara' New 'Iron Curtain' will split EU's rich and poor  b'The Dictionary of American EmpireSpeak' b'Top secret contingency plans have been drawn up to counter the threat posed by a summer of discontent in Britain.' Mullen Iran has fissile materials for bomb... we think... maybe... we don't really know Why hasn't al Queda sent sniper teams thru Mexico, or forest fire starters?  They'd be cheap, easy, impossible to stop, and effective.  Something doesn't add up. b'Car Thief Nabbed After Calling 911 To Brag ' b'Is Marijuana Prohibition Americas Berlin Wall?' b'Bangladeshi army pursuing fugitive paramilitaries' b'Cuban shakeup claims key figures' 
25,000 Deaths In Mexico  
Attack on USfunded drug war in Mexico. It kills thousands of civilians, enriches corrupt Mexican army and officialdomand yet has no visible impact on drug trade. Who is fooling who?
 WikiLeaks Posts Mysterious Insurance File Robert Fisk Israel has crept into the EU without anyone noticing WikiLeaks suspect held in solitary confinement New international ban on cluster munitions will take effect on Saturday and over 100 have signed it since 2008. Holdouts include Russia, Israel and the US Al Jazeera's Jacky Rowland reports from East Jerusalem on how a small group of Israeli and international activists are helping rebuild Palestinian homes that have been repeatingly demolished. Spanish judge reissued international arrest warrants for 3 US soldiers over the death of a Spanish TV cameraman in Iraq 7 yrs ago by American tank fire 1 million affected, 800 dead, as flood crisis worsens in Pakistan China to invest $40 billion in Iranian oil and gas Vatican police crackdown on scantilyclad tourists with uncovered knees or shoulders sparks hypocrisy claims Forest fires raging in western Russia Iranian woman facing stoning 'I'm afraid of dying' ACTA Will CorporateRun US Government Destroy the Internet? | bytestyle.tv THREATENING YOUR PRIVACY ON THE INTERNET (VIDEO)  The master plan for Jerusalem follows the Israeli Government and Jerusalem Municipality policy of demographic and ethnic control, aimed at preserving demographics in the city at 70% Jewish to 30% Arab. This policy is clearly stated on the Jerusalem Municipality's website. Shocking scenes as French police use force to remove woman and small children from a makeshift tent housing camp in a French suburb Cameron Won't Return Kohinoor Diamond To India The Hamas operative killed in the IDF strike in Gaza Friday was a senior official who survived five assassination attempts by Israel, an announcement by Hamas' military wing the Izz alDin alQassam Brigades stated on Saturday Army Broadens Inquiry Into WikiLeaks Disclosure Outsourcing Motherhood.  Are you a Mexican druglord? Try Wachovia. Blockade helps Hamas recruit, says ambassador  Castro accuses US of abusing spies Meet the new Russia, same as the old Russia Russia gets 1984like Sovietera 'thought crime' law  For 26 years, Gregoria Aguilar has been mourning the loss of her son, soninlaw and nephew, who were killed in the biggest massacre committed by the Maoist Shining Path guerrillas in Peru's highlands Italy Somehow the new version of Media and Wiretapping Bill (gag rule) still includes a small clause aimed at directly restricting online free speech, the socalled blogkilling provision North Korea World Cup team shamed in sixhour grilling in front of 400 government officials, students and journalists. Coach punished for betraying Kim Jongun. But they got off lightly apparently... Israeli settlers throw out a Palestinian family from their home of 70 years Leader of Mexico's Sinaloa drug cartel killed Fueled by the minerals that are used in phones and computers, war and rebellion have ravaged the Congo for 12 years. The UK government is now being sued for failing to hold accountable the firms who purchase these 'conflict minerals.'    U.N. rights body tells Israel to end Gaza blockade Exclusive Google, CIA Invest in Future of Web Monitoring Brazil faces uphill struggling curtailing lucrative trade in underage sex  July is deadliest month of Afghan war for US  Boston.com The world is insanely unprepared for germ warfare Russia Exported $50 Million In Diamonds To Guinea Late Last Year, But No One Can Explain Who Bought Them Or Why Beijing Wary Of Rising Tide Of Veterans' Discontent Iraq's Garden of Eden  Saddam Hussein drained the unique wetlands of southern Iraq as a punishment to the region's Marsh Arabs who had backed an uprising. Two decades later, one courageous US Iraqi is leading efforts to restore the marshes. Not even exploding bombs can deter him from his dream. The video showed the five staff being made to kneel and forced to eat food which had apparently been urinated on by one of the students.

 Military kills Mexican drug lord Ignacio Coronel President Sarkozy looks into stripping French citizenship from anyone of foreign origin who threatened the life of a police officer! After the leaking of 92,000 classified documents, the Taliban has now confirmed it is poring through them, and intends to hunt down and punish any suspected spies named. Gaza children set new kite flying world record 7,202 children fly as many kites to enter Guinness Book of World Records as part of UNrun summer camp Chernobyl zone shows decline in biodiversity India No Country For Old People? Ethnic cleansing in the Israeli Negev. The razing of a Bedouin village by Israeli police shows how far the state will go to achieve its aim of Judaising the Negev region. Dutch troops to leave Afghanistan soon Ashtiani, a 43yearold mother of two, said that she thinks of nothing other than hugging her children  which she described as her only hope  and that she was mentally broken when authorities flogged her 99 times in front of her then 17yearold son, Sajad Having found Duch guilty of the worst cruelty and thousands of the most gruesome murders ever recorded, they handed down a sentence that is roughly what midlevel drug dealers have received in courts in Thailand. In ironic twist, Iran detained US hikers critical of Israel and America. Afghanistan's Other War Army vs. Police Earliest Christian writings in existence discovered in Jordanian cave  70 new books almost 2,000 years old Facebook has removed a page calling for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel after more than 350,000 people signed up to it. UN Chief Israel occupation 'morally and politically unsustainable, must end' Spain's unemployed one in five under 30 still looking for that first job German Green party politician Malte Spitz used privacy law to force his cell phone carrier to reveal what it knew about him. The result? 35,831 different instances when his mobile phone transferred information over a 6month period The radioactive core in a reactor at the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant appears to have melted through the bottom of its containment vessel and on to a concrete floor Facebook drops Palestinian uprising page after Israel protest. Wilders 'antiIslam' trial to go ahead Court rules case will continue against Dutch politician Geert Wilders on charges of inciting hatred against Muslims. Prominent Bahraini blogger Mahmood AlYousif arrested. His latest tweet simply says Police here for me The Libyan Foreign Minister has Defected Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s own engineers had warned in 2007 that the Fukushima nuclear plant faced a 10 percent chance of being test[ed] or overrun by a tsunami in the next 50 years. Israel considering annexing West Bank settlements 98YearOld War Vet tries to take out 2 police officers with an axe and knife. He's now the oldest person to ever be held in custody by Scottish police. How China and Others Are Altering Web Traffic Invisible servers let governments quietly intercept and modify their citizens' online communications Police suspend effort to remove corpse near troubled nuclear plant due to radiation levels of the body Bahrains protest movement fades beneath government suppression Syrian president addresses the nation. Complicated Israel kidnaps a guy to get information about kidnapped guy Japan to decommission four nuclear power plants Berlusconi Migrants must leave Italy Japan sea radioactivity 'rises' While fighting against massive maiming and rape the Libyan Rebels form their own Central Bank  The Long Arm of Mossad A Palestinian engineer vanishes from a train carriage in Ukraine  and reappears later in an Israeli jail. He's being held without charge. Suspicion is mounting that the man is a Hamas insider with vital information. Ouattara forces enter Cote d'Ivoire's capital Forces loyal to internationally recognised winner of presidential election are parading through streets of the capital. Australian Prime Minister Hacked There are not many occasions where you could say an axe murdering rampage was justified, but this is one of them Muslim girl, 14, lashed to death for adultery by Sharia law, even though was a rape victim Britian's going to start privatizing prisons come October! And they're prepared to call in the army should there be strikes against the move! I'm speechless! Indias population is now pegged at 1.21 billion, an increase of more than 181 million in the last 10 years The IAEA has found cesium137 concentrations of up to 3.7 megabecquerels per square meter, 40km from Fukushima Daiichi. After Chernobyl, the deposition level triggering compulsory relocation was 1.48 MBq/sq.m. Of the top 10 countries with the most executions per year, 7 are Islamic and 2 are communist.  The US is ranked 5th on this list. chief economic adviser to India's Ministry of Finance argues that paying bribes should be legal Brazils Lula Tells Portugal To Reject IMF Bailout Up to 1,000 bodies left untouched near nuclear plant due to radiation fears. ( Japan nuclear refugees feel betrayed by TEPCO We were told again and again it was safe 
 Kosovo's Mafia How the West ignores allegations of organized crime at the highest levels of a new democracy Struggling stewardess exposed euro coin fraud ring A New Palestinian Movement Young, Networked, Nonviolent Confidence Slips Away as Japan Battles Nuclear Peril  Radiation level in seawater hits new high near Fukushima plant  a concentration of 4,385 times the maximum level permitted under law Saudi officials say they gave their backing to Western air strikes on Libya in exchange for the United States muting its criticism of the authorities in Bahrain Egypt extends olive branch to Iran; seeks to normalize ties US allows Libyans to sell their oil. Ivory Coast fighters descend on main city Qadaffi forces laying land mines NATO Warns Rebels Against Attacking Libyan Civilians AFRICA Gaddafi's regime has been ordered to appear before Africa's highest court to face charges of massive violations of human rights for killing peaceful demonstrators in the early days of the uprising. Debating the merits of a press prize for Venezuela's Chvez  A top Argentine university awarded a press prize to Hugo Chvez, who has pumped millions of dollars into community radio and TV stations. He has closed another 40. Bahrain steps up arrests of activists The hole in Ireland's banks is 21bn, equivalent to well over a third of all revenues received by the Irish government.