 Pacific Bluefin Tuna Population Drops 97% Due to Overfishing France bill McDonald's $341 million for unpaid taxes on profits believed to have been funneled through Luxembourg, Switzerland 'Insult Turkey's Erdogan' contest set up by UK magazine Great Barrier Reef Half of natural wonder is dead or dying and it is on the brink of extinction, scientists say Mexican marines forced captured cartel bosses to wear women's lingerie and kiss each other Fidel Castro, almost 90, gives rare speech saying he will soon die. Britain has exported 2.8bn of arms to Saudi Arabia since it started bombing Yemen in 2015 S. Korea covered up mass abuse, killings of 'vagrants' before 1988 Olympics India says it still wants back British queen's crown jewel; India has repeatedly demanded that Britain return the 105carat diamond, which was presented to Queen Victoria in 1850 and today sits on display as part of the Crown Jewels in the Tower of London. Mitsubishi also admits cheating fuel efficiency tests Muslim preachers appointed by the Ministry of Justice distributing Islamist material to inmates | Extremist material was found in more than 10 prisons, condemning homosexuality, urging attacks against apostates, and advocating a hard line interpretation of Sharia law. Mexico's president says he is open to legalizing medical marijuana 3 men in line for Brazilian presidency accused of corruption Australian ranch the size of Ireland sold to Chinese investors More Than Half of Russians Want the Soviet Union Resurrected NY Times Workers from two rival construction companies in China clashed using heavy machinery Norwegian court rules mass killer Breivik's rights violated Saudi Arabia takes out $10bn in bank loans Saudi Arabia Deploys US Public Relations Army Against 9/11 Bill At least 28 people have been killed and 329 injured in a huge explosion in the centre of the Afghan capital Kabul Hong Kong politician Beijing will send in troops if Hong Kong declares independence Intel to cut 12,000 jobs globally  approximately 11% of its workforce. 61 endangered species facing extinction in N. Korea due to deforestation World Bank Drones and kites banned from flying over London during Obama visit Some drug cartels now make more money from gold than cocaine Websites that detect adblockers to stop their users from reading webpages could be illegal under European law Coral reef discovered in murky waters of the Amazon river, covering 3600 sq. km. Thousands of Germans Protest TTIP Trade Deal Before Obama Visit Pirate Partys leader detained in Germany for citing poem about Erdogan A university professor has been hacked to death in Bangladesh, in an attack police say is similar to a number of killings of secular bloggers and atheist activists in the past months A former undercover C.I.A. agent will be handed over to Italy, where she was convicted of taking part in the 2003 kidnapping of an Egyptian cleric in one of the renditions ordered by the George W. Bush administration China official says film 'The Martian' shows Americans want space cooperation North Korea seen to fire submarinelaunched ballistic missile South Korea Emission cheating costs VW $18 billion Climate deal won't stop Great Barrier Reef from getting 'cooked', say Greens. Australias lack of action on pollution reduction targets has made the country a laughing stock on the international stage, according to senator Larissa Waters Great Barrier Reef 93% of reefs hit by coral bleaching China stopped from buying cattle ranches the size of Ireland from Australia Brutal heat wave in India puts 330 million people at risk. Turkish border guards shoot eight Syrian refugees dead, including women and children trying to reach safety. Mexican voter database containing 93.4 million records leaks online Blindfolded and beaten Palestinians decry PA torture. Rights groups cite lack of accountability among PA security forces as a factor in persistent torture allegations. Nicaragua undergoing most severe environmental crisis in recent history drastic reduction or disappearance of 34 rivers, nearcomplete evaporation of at 4 lakes, loss of nearly 6,000 hectares of pine forest, reduced rainfall and advance of agricultural frontier are some of the challenges it faces. US to buy 32 metric tons of Iranian heavy water to fulfill nuclear deal terms Australian river set on fire after Greens member of Parliament lights bubbling methane gas. China denies reports of massing troops at North Korea border Merkel admits 'mistake' in Bhmermann satire case [Russia] Controversial new Human Rights Commissioner says human rights are a Western blackmail tool Fiat Chrysler is recalling more than 1.1 million cars and SUVs worldwide because the vehicles may roll away after drivers exit. China to Develop Floating Nuclear Power Plants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Delivers Statement on Armenian Genocide The Netherlands to decriminalize insulting heads of state Iranian women call on Western tourists to violate headscarf law to fight against oppression Swiss army ready to act in worst case migrant scenario  Switzerland has said it is ready to mobilize up to 2,000 soldiers at border crossings should migrants continue to arrive into the country. Russian engineers have used dogs and robots to successfully clear the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra of nearly 3000 explosive devices left behind by Islamic State. 2,400 yearold Romanera mosaic found in southern Turkey says be cheerful, enjoy your life Edward Snowden to sue Norway in a bid to secure free passage in Norway without being extradited to the US. He wants to come to Norway to accept a freedom of speech award. Norwegian fighter jet helps save dying patient Hospital staff call on air force F16 to transport vital equipment from Trondheim hospital to patient 280 miles away US Army captain foils Denmark school attack  A US Army captain in Iraq helped crack a plot to bomb a Danish school after gleaning crucial details from documents recovered from extremists, the Pentagon said on Wednesday. Olympic bike lane collapses in Rio; at least 2 die Boris Johnson suggests 'partKenyan' Obama may have an 'ancestral dislike' of Britain Barcelona Police Raid Arrests 39 Chinese Mafia Frees 30 Trafficked Chinese Women U.S. charges woman for exporting underwater drone technology to China 'Kindly send us names and quotes insulting our president' Ankara's Consulate asks Dutch citizens Decriminalize all drugs, business and world leaders tell UN U.S. soldier helps foil plot to blow up school in Denmark Brussels bomber identified as jailer of foreign Isis hostages Najim Laachraoui was Islamic State guard known as Abou Idriss, according to lawyer of former Syria hostage Nicolas Henin Hong Kong bars may offer 'men's nights' after court deems ladies' night promos discriminatory Mexico to Consider Cannabis Legalization Turkish hotline for Erdogan insults angers Dutch 6.0 quake strikes Ecuador amid recovery efforts Germany arrests two teenagers suspected of bombing Sikh temple DE  Teen 'Salafists' arrested over bomb attack on Sikh temple The UK has been using massive datasets to spy on innocent civilians for years Blow for Pope's reforms as audit into Vatican finances forced to halt Russian forces fired on Israeli military aircraft in Syria Missing Mexican Students Suffered a Night of Terror, Investigators Say An international panel has provided details of the night in 2014 when Mexican police and gunmen abducted 43 students who have not been seen since. TTIP UK Government did just one assessment of trade deal and found it had 'lots of risks and no benefit' Revealed nearly all new diesel cars exceed official pollution limits  Health experts lambast deceitful carmakers as data suggests 97% of vehicles fail to meet NOx emissions standards in realworld conditions. Australia May Take in African Rhinos to Prevent Extinction Elephant poachers killed three rangers in Congo's Garamba wildlife park and wounded two other people including the Swedish park manager. Australian MP sets river on fire, blames nearby fracking  An Australian MP is blaming seeping methane from a nearby fracking site for making it possible for him to set Queensland's Condamine River on fire. Saudi Arabia just announced its plan to diversify away from oil Bangladesh LGBT editor hacked to death US President Barack Obama has dismissed North Korea's proposal to suspend nuclear tests if the US ends its annual military exercises with the South. On Sunday Mr Obama told reporters that the US did not take such a proposal seriously and that Pyongyang would have to do better than that. Farright 'comes top in Austria vote' Brazil has said it repatriated $125m (86m) last year siphoned off to foreign bank accounts by corrupt officials, politicians and businessmen. Japan says China's maritime expansion making the world 'greatly worried'  Foreign Minister, speaking ahead of Beijing visit, said China is making the world worried with its military buildup & maritime expansion in the East & South China Seas. ISIS Chief India recruiter killed in US drone strike. Victims of a New African Massacre Gorillas  With conflicts abating some in jungles of Democratic Republic of Congo, researchers finally have an updated gorilla head count  one that confirms their fears. They've plummeted 77%. Less than 3,800 remain. Australian politician sets river on fire to protest fracking Indonesian navy impounds Chinese trawler for illegal fishing Malta Prime Minister associate found selling Maltese (EU) citizenship through secret company in British Virgin Islands Carbon Pricing Becomes a Cause for the World Bank and I.M.F.  And to our economists, who have been studying this for quite some time, there is an equally obvious consensus that putting a price on carbon pollution is by far the most powerful and efficient way to reduce emissions. Bangladesh Bank hackers compromised SWIFT software, warning to be issued China's Xi warns of foreign infiltration through religion A Philippine presidential candidate who joked about raping a murdered Australian missionary widens his lead over his rivals despite backlash Marguerite Barankitse, Burundi humanitarian who saved 30,000 lives, awarded inaugural Aurora Prize in Armenia worth $1.1 million. A panel of international experts investigating the disappearance of 43 Mexican trainee teachers in 2014 says the government of President Enrique Pena Neto has hampered its inquiries. Poland's exleaders say new govt is demolishing democracy  Prominent former leaders accuse rightwing govt of demolishing countrys democracy & its international standing. Urging lawmakers to disregard what they call the draconian new legislation the govt is proposing. India revokes passport of tycoon who owes $1 billion After being released the head of the Berlin branch of Germanys Pirate Party, who was arrested for citing an insulting poem about Turkish President Erdogan, has told RT people should expect to lose their freedom of speech when their government signs deals with dictators. Dutch journalist arrested in Turkey for criticising Erdoan Police sweep away Brazils street children ahead of Olympics. As Rio prepares for the spotlight the Games will bring, advocates for homeless youth say children are being detained arbitrarily by policeor in some cases simply vanishing. India Accuses US Of Double Standards On Solar Trade Europe is now malaria free for the first time in years. Malaria cases in Europe have dropped from a peak of over 90,000 in 1995 to zero in 2015, according to the World Health Organization. Investigators Say Mexico Has Thwarted Efforts to Solve Students Disappearance China to increase highspeed rail network to 30,000 km by 2020 By the end of 2015, the length of highspeed railway (HSR) lines in operation in China exceeded 19,000 km with nearly 10,000 km under construction London cat killer mystery deepens as charities investigate 100 animal deaths Prominent Sikh Figure Gunned Down In Pakistan U.N. torture watchdog urges Saudi to halt flogging, amputations S Africa 49 starving monkeys rescued from cages  Starving, dehydrated monkeys were rescued from garden nursery near Johannesburg Saturday, kept for the entertainment of those buying plants. Some heads were disproportionally large for their bodies & bones protruded. Many had rickets. A bioethics panel of the Japanese government on Friday approved gene modifications of fertilized human eggs for basic research purposes, while rejecting the technology's clinical use due partly to the unknown impact on the next generation. North Korean official We'll stop nuclear tests if US halts military exercises Germany is seeking the creation of safe zones to shelter refugees in Syria, Chancellor Angela Merkel says, an idea Turkey has long championed in the face of UN caution. Keeping refugees on the Syrian side of the border would help Brussels and Ankara stem the flow of migrants to European shores. Saudi human rights activist sentenced to 9 years in prison Russia threatens to use 'all necessary measures' after US destroyer sails close to border India, France launch $1 trillion potential solar programme for developing countries Ruined Chernobyl nuclear plant will remain a threat for 3,000 years Islamist student arrested over machete murder of Bangladeshi university professor Australian MP sets river on fire, blames nearby fracking Norwegian fighter jet pilot fires at control tower during training flight Ecuador quake death toll jumps to 646, one week on Turkey warns EU Visa deal or no migrant pact N. Korea says it will send restaurant defectors' families to Seoul Japan OKs recognizing virtual currencies as similar to real money A 1.4GB leak of internal documents from Qatar National Bank gives data on alJazeera journalists, the ruling family and British 'spies' Toddler's meningitis death nets guilty verdict against Alberta parents Kim Jong Un orders missile launches when angry, source says Saying that climate change is an ethical problem, the Danish Council on Ethics (Det Etiske Rd) has called for a climate tax on red meat. Australia is buying 12 new submarines from France for $39 billion 'Largest ever lion airlift' flies 33 big cats back to Africa  Thirtythree lions rescued from circuses in Peru and Colombia are being flown back to their homeland to live out the rest of their lives in a private sanctuary in South Africa. Venezuela orders 2day work week to stave off power crisis Bangladesh A court has jailed two teachers in southern Bangladesh for making derogatory comments about Islam and the Prophet,the case began when students complained that the assistant teacher of a science class dismissed Quran as the word of God and said there was no heaven. UK Labour MP Naz Shah claimed Israeli Jews should be relocated to America in a series of social media posts Xi Jinping calls for greater tolerance of criticism online about Chinas government ... and comments about his remarks are barred or censored A Canadian tribunal has ruled the Victoria Police Dept violated an officer's rights when they prevented him from advocating for drug legalization Islamic State Up to $800m of funds 'destroyed by strikes' Sweden's Green Party 'infiltrated by Islamists' Trudeau says Canada 'does not and will not pay ransom to terrorists'  Politics Supreme Court allows 12yearold Queensland girl to have abortion Internet traffic to Wikipedia pages summarizing knowledge about terror groups and their tools plunged nearly 30 percent after revelations of widespread Web monitoring by the U.S. National Security Agency, suggesting that concerns about government snooping are hurting the ordinary pursuit of Iran's Deployment of 7,000 Plainclothes 'Morality Police' Prompts Criticism. Ofsted warns of Muslim school staff gender segregation UN rejects Israel's claim over Syria's Golan Heights [Germany] Computer virus found in Bavarian nuclear plant The South African government has banned four country's sporting bodies (cricket, rugby, netball and athletics) from bidding to host global events because there aren't sufficient black players in national teams. Reports 11 found dead at military barracks in Cape Verde Venezuela will have a 2 day work week until further notice EU rejects Greek request for emergency summit. Chinese Navy in South China Sea Draws U.S. Admiral's Praise Rear Admiral Marcus Hitchcock says his ships have been engaged on almost a twenty fourseven basis with a completely professional Peoples Liberation Army Navy England's Doctors Walk Out of Emergency Wards in First Ever AllOut Strike Russia Arrests Scientologist for Stealing $2 Million and Giving to Church Watchdog says press freedom in decline, 'new era of propaganda' We are a Muslim country Turkeys parliament speaker advocates religious constitution 8 bombers killed as their suicide vests went off prematurely in Kunduz  Khaama Press (KP) Islamist militants behead Canadian man in southern Philippines Hillsborough disaster Police errors led to deaths Sweden examining 'Islamic State threat' to Stockholm Massive fire destroys Delhi's National Museum of Natural History John Kerry condemns 'barbaric murder' of gay rights activist and US Embassy worker in Bangladesh Mitsubishi fuel tests errors since 1991 Report Rouhani requests removal of Death to Israel from Iranian missiles Russia and Syria sign deals worth $850 million to restore Syrian infrastructure ISIS pay scale revealed Documents show salaries based on number of wives, sex slaves Prions, the misfolded proteins that are known for causing degenerative illnesses in animals and humans, may have been spotted for the first time in plants. French mayor seeks to block Saudifunded mosque ISISlinked jihadis publish hit list targeting US State Dept. personnel Tories vote against accepting 3,000 child refugees (U.K) 'Coat Hanger Rebels' Battle Bid to Outlaw Abortion  Proposed law to ban abortion sends 1000s of Poles onto the streets, coat hangers held aloft & drawn on posters. Activists have long decried abortion laws in Poland, which are among the most restrictive in Europe. The city of Medellin, Colombia has been awarded the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize 2016 for its transformation from a violent city to a model of urban innovation. U.S. official ISIS has cells in UK, Germany, Italy Elephant dies from exhaustion after decades carrying tourists to Cambodia's Angkor Wat Rise in CO2 has 'greened Planet Earth' Japan warship visits the Philippines in sign of deepening security ties as row over South China Sea festers Mexico's president proposes legalising medical marijuana (and up to 28 grams for recreational) US now has more Spanish speakers than Spain  only Mexico has more At least 116 feared dead in after Indonesian military plane crashes into a major city ISIS just executed its top official in Mosul for planning a coup The remains of an unidentified sea animal with fur on its tail have been washed ashore in the Far East. Found near the airport at Shakhtersk, on Sakhalin Island, its appearance is unlike anything ever found in Russia. 1,000 runners get norovirus after French mud run Saudi comedian gets death threats for satirizing IS ISIS executes women by beheading for the first time for 'sorcery' in Syria South Sudan army raped and then burned girls alive, says UN Australia bans 220 videogames in four months as Government adopts new classification model New WikiLeaks Documents Reveal NSA Spied On Top French Companies Russia to review 1991 decision to recognise independence of Baltic states CIA photos of black sites could complicate Guantanamo trials | Military prosecutors this year learned about a massive cache of CIA photographs of its former overseas black sites while reviewing material collected for the Senate investigation of the agencys interrogation program, officials said Liberia 17 year old Boy dies of Ebola seven weeks after WHO declared Country Free of Virus Tunisia hotel attack Armed police were 'paralysed by fear' and let gunman run amok for half an hour, says witness EU agrees to eliminate roaming charges but net neutrality rules disappoint Almost a third of China's Great Wall has disappeared Natural erosion, damage from tourists and people stealing bricks to build houses mean estimates of the walls length now vary from 9,00021,000 km South Sudans army raped then torched girls alive inside their homes during a recent campaign notable for its new brutality and intensity, a U.N. rights report said Tuesday. China says wants Greece in euro zone, pledges EU infrastructure investment Greece proposes 2 year bridge loan and restructuring of debt to Eurogroup Israel considering leaving UN Human Rights Council NSA wiretapped two French finance ministers Wikileaks Afghans Protest After U.S. Forces Carry Out Raid on Strongman  The raid demonstrated that American troops in Afghanistan, months after President Obama declared their regular combat mission over, are engaged beyond their publicly stated role of advising the Afghan forces... Hamas Shuts Offices of Gaza's Sole Cellular Operator Mexico won't send candidate to Miss Universe over Trump commentsTelevisa Russia Beats Saudi Arabia to Become China's Top Oil Supplier 2012 vs. 1984 Young adults really do have it harder today  The Globe and Mail China Expels Al Jazeera's news operations Pirate Party Wins Again, Enters Another Parliament The German Piratenpartei has done it again, and entered its third state parliament  with 8.2% of the votes, the pirates take 6 out of 69 seats
 BBC News  China buying oil from Iran with yuan Greek neoNazi party expels journalists South Korean IAEA nuclear inspector killed in Iran Thai Jailed for Royal Insult Dies  He was sentenced to 20 years for sending text messages deemed offensive to the royal family.  The conviction  the heaviest for a lese majeste case  sparked outrage among rights groups describing him as a political prisoner & the EU expressing ''deep concern''. 1,600 on hunger strike and the world doesnt even bat an eyelid Compelling eyewitness dispatch from the Israeli internment jails threatening a new Arab Spring Mankind must change ways to survive, report says Ive never seen police act like this
  If the left doesn't lead the revolt against austerity, others will German Pirate Party Scores More Seats In State Election Planner of 2000 USS Cole Bombing Killed by Drone Strike in Yemen UK Gov't Considering Requiring A 'Porn License' If You Want To Look At Porn Online What Is the World's Most Economically Powerful City? China and US to cooperate to avoid cyber Cold War Runner has heart attack, Dustin Hoffman saves his life As China warns the Philippines that confrontation over an island in the South China Sea could worsen, The Philippines' Philex Petroleum Corp discusses a possible partnership with Chinese offshore oil producer CNOOC to develop a natural gas prospect in the disputed South China Sea,  Putin inaugurated for third term as Russia's president Playboy model steals the show at Mexican election debate Francois Hollande's election as French president was greeted by jitters on European markets and a dour front in Berlin where ruling conservatives warned the Socialist on Monday that Germans were not ready to pay for his promises of an end to austerity. The Interior Minister of Germany's western state of North RhineWestphalia has ordered a ban on farright groups displaying Mohammed caricatures which provoked riots in Bonn on Saturday.   Israel's Netanyahu strikes surprise coalition deal  Netanyahu calls off early elections after reaching a deal with Kadima opposition for a unity government
 Thai Man Jailed for Insulting King Dies in Detention  Attempt to form Greece government fails after shock poll | Reuters The amount of plastic trash in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch has increased 100fold during the past 40 years, causing profound changes to the marine environment If Amsterdam won't sell weed to foreigners, who will? The Netherlands' ban on selling cannabis to foreigners could start a weed economy in other EU states. Spain and Portugal are top of the list. Australia's Federal Budget predicts returns to Surplus, leading developed countries across the globe. Switzerland An Initiative to Establish Basic Income for All The idea is quite simply giving a monthly income to all citizens that is neither meanstested nor workrelated China's results in international education tests  which have never been published  are remarkable, says Andreas Schleicher, responsible for the highlyinfluential Pisa tests. The findings indicate that China has an education system that is overtaking many Western countries. India's Constitution obliges all citizens to develop scientific temper, humanism and the spirit of inquiry and reform. India's laws, though, are being used to persecute a man who has devoted his life to doing precisely that.  9 men convicted in racially sensitive U.K. sex ring; girls as young as 13 were lured into sexual encounters using alcohol and drugs Russian plane disappears over Indonesia David Cameron texted Rebekah Brooks before she quit News International, claims biography ''Sorry I couldn't have been as loyal to you as you have been to me South Africa seizes $7m in 'rhinopoachers' assets The men, two of whom are vets, are already facing 1,872 charges of racketeering. Seniors urged to eat Fukushima rice to help farmers, protect young people Female Assassin Team Leader tied to at least 20 Murders in Mexico every communication technology so far been 'captured' by corporate power NATO Admits Killing Afghan Mother, 5 Children in Air Strike  German Leaders Threaten End to Greek Aid Dolphins Die of Drug Overdose after Swiss Rave
 Putin's Inauguration Was A Military Operation, Not A National Celebration  Forbes 'Anonymous' hackers expose Norway rivals CrisisHit Portugal Axes Holidays  Portugal takes austerity measures to a new level by scrapping 4 of its 14 public holidays Spain is becoming the new Greece  Bulgarian and Romanian Immigrants Overwhelm German System  SPIEGEL ONLINE Thai Grandfather Jailed for Text Messages Dies in Prison  Queens speech unveils UKs Patriot Act Web 
monitoring plan Peru drug clinic fire kills 14 people locked inside  Privately run Sacred Heart of Jesus rehab centre outside Lima had windows and doors locked and barred Russian plane disappears in demonstration flight in Indonesia Japanese police say people have returned $78 million in missing cash after quake.  The fact that a hefty 2.3 billion yen in cash has been returned to its owners shows the high level of ethical awareness in the Japanese people, Spanish Police Brutality they hit a girl in her face, then they hit the photographer who watched it [video] Tent Collapsed By Storm. Six Die At Pukkelpop Festival in Belgium Julia Tymosjenko suddenly falls victim to mysterious disease, just like the last head of the political opposition in Ukraine For the first time, a spacecraft far from Earth has turned and watched a solar storm engulf our planet . . . 'The movie sent chills down my spine,' says Craig DeForest of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado. Study shows powerful corporations really do control the world's finances Civilians 'shot dead' at Syria protests At least 22 people reportedly killed after UN claims government may be guilty of crimes against humanity. Reindeer herder finds remains of baby mammoth in Russia's Arctic Over 50 killed as suicide bomber explodes in Pakistan mosque FOUR Stages Collapse at Pukkelpop Festival in Belgium  6.4 and 6.2  Earthquakes hit Japan Israel plane kills three Egyptian police near border Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez announced plans to nationalize the country's gold mining industry and withdraw $11B in gold reserves from U.S. and European banks.
 Vietnam's prime minister has put the country on alert as an outbreak of hand, foot & mouth disease continues to surge, killing 81 children & sickening over 32,000 people nationwide so far this year Chile officially recognized 9,800 more Pinochet victims, increasing the total number of people killed, tortured or imprisoned for political reasons to 40,018 OPEC states that Venezuela has worlds largest oil reserves England rioters young, poor and unemployed Syrian forces kill 20 despite Assad pledge Egypt protests to Israel over police deaths following Sinai retaliation  Egypt filed an official complaint with Israel following yesterday's deaths at the border between Israel and Egypt.
  Russia, once almost a democracy Today, Vladimir Putin presides over an authoritarian government in the Russian White House, a bulky 20story skyscraper on the edge of the Moscow River. Occasional demonstrations in favor of democracy are small and largely ignored, except by the police.  Egyptians Defend Viral Video Activist Charged in Military Court  
Asmaa Mahfouz is facing prosecution for speaking out again. Presidential candidates, NGOs, & ordinary Egyptians are rallying to her defense& decrying the use of military trials for civilians. Magnitude 6.8 quake jolts Japan off Fukushima, tsunami advisory
| Reuters

 New schools in Pakistan are attempting to deradicalize captured Taliban members. Zimbabwe Farm Invasions Continue Across Country  The remaining white commercial farmers across the country are facing intensified threats by mobs of land invaders, as the lawless invasions of farms continue. Prison or Rape?  Need a warrant to unmask Internet users? Not if Canada gets its way Multiple terror attacks hit southern Israel Mexico Doesn't Need Monsanto's Wonder Seeds, Either Chile's Students Strike for Free & Public Education  
Chilean students are no longer willing to accept mountains of debt to gain an education, & they've taken over university campuses demanding accessible education for all of the country's students US President calls for Assad to step down in Syria Leaders of more than 40 Muslim countries have agreed on a major aid program for Somalia at an emergency conference. Turkey, which organized the meeting, is taking on an increasingly active role in Africa. Canada pushing the limits of state surveillance lawful access legislation will compel ISPs to disclose customer info to authorities without a court order, i.e. law enforcement agencies will have a freer hand in spying on the private lives of Canadians Honest Japanese return $78 million in cash found in earthquake rubble.  Peru suspends USfunded coca eradication programme Prime minister announces antidrugs scheme will be halted while the government reevaluates its strategy Foreign students stage walkout at Hershey's chocolates protesting their unpaid labor during cultural exchange program Hundreds of thousands of people have been demonstrating for social justice in Israel. The protests are uniting a divided nation, and have brought Jews and Israeli Arabs together. Could the movement also help bring about a reconciliation with the Palestinians? Hugo Chavez to nationalize Venezuelan gold industry Assisted Suicide in the U.K. could be 'revolutionised' as groundbreaking legal case gets underway. For sale in Sweden Threebed house, includes skeleton Brawl breaks out during Vice Prez Biden's speech in China Chinese officials vs. reporters Otters return to every county in England Russia's Cruellest Month It's no wonder that Wikipedia has an entry for Russia's August Curse. Fighting China's Golden Shield Cisco sued by Chinese political prisoners for allegedly providing the technology and expertise used by the Chinese Communist Party to monitor, censor and suppress the Chinese people Pakistani military wants veto on drone strikes, says too many civilians have been killed
 Turkish warplanes bomb Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq On World Youth Day visit, pope urges Spain to preserve Christian roots The pope arrived in the Spanish capital Thursday, after thousands turned out in Madrid to protest the taxpayer funded visit, which is estimated to cost taxpayers millions of euros. Panama Expands Canal to Increase Shipping Capacity   Libya The Ghadaffi regime now wants a ceasefire and a peaceful solution, as cities surrounding Tripoli continue to fall and rebels vow to enter the city by the end of the month  Turkish planes attack PKK bases in northern Iraq I do not agree with what you wear, but I'll defend to 
the death your right to wear it. Vogue bans skinny, underage models  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) German Court Won't Let Artist Kill Puppies Onstage  The performer planned to strangle 2 puppies to death on stage & hold a funeral. The artist said it was a way of protesting the killing of sled dogs in Alaska & hunting dogs in Spain when they are deemed too old or otherwise unfit to work. Japans last reactor to shut down, leaving country nuclearfree for first time since 1966  Two Australian men likely to lose limbs after fighting with a chainsaw and samurai sword. European eidentity plan to be unveiled this month under the guise to protect children online Govt lets Natco sell Bayer's cancer drug cheaper by 30 times In a first, India today invoked a law permitting Hyderabadbased Natco Pharma to manufacture and sell cancertreatment drug Nexavar at a price, over 30 times lower than charged by its patentholder Bayer Corporation. 
Argentina has released a provocative advertisement that was filmed secretly on the Falklands and depicts the islands as Argentine soil in an apparent barb aimed at Britain ahead of the London 2012 Olympics Putin's palace? A mystery Black Sea mansion fit for a tsar Three Photographers Found Dead in Mexico Forbes announces Peak Oil is here. Libyan transitional government passes sweeping new law granting immunity to rebels, outlawing speech against Islam, restricting free speech, etc. A French court has sentenced a scientist at the prestigious Cern laboratory to five years in prison for plotting terrorist attacks.  Russia threatens to strike NATO missile defense sites   Israel on Thursday received its fourth Germanmade submarine capable of launching nuclear warheads, expanding a fleet that experts say could be used in an attack on Iran. Nine bodies hung from bridge in northern Mexico (Picture in the comments) Dozen killed, 120 wounded in Russia's Caucasus by twin blasts Countries around the world envy Germany's economic success and look up to it as a role model. But a closer look reveals a much bleaker picture. Only few are benefiting from the boom, while stagnant wages and precarious employment conditions are making it difficult for millions to make ends meet. Suicide bombing in Pakistani market kills at least 20... Man fly across Rio de Janeiro using a jet pack he built himself Busted Iran's Jarring Photoshopped Missile Test Image. Jar jar binks and missiles.  AlQaida document cache reveals toll of US drone strikes on Bin Laden's plans EU digital affairs chief admits controversial ACTA treaty likely to fail  TheJournal.ie Dubai plans to build underwater hotel  
Turner, Bacon, Freud, Constable? No, Britain is Banksy country  A thousand artists were asked to name the work best expressing national identity. Their choice was surprising
 An Australian man will break his own record as the world's oldest graduate when he receives his masters degree at the age of 97. In its case against 26 major record labels at BC Supreme Court in Canada, BitTorrent index isoHunt argues that not only do they pose no threat to the music industry, its the copyright industry itself thats threatening the freedom of expression of millions on the Internet Canada Quits Making Pennies  Says the coin was too expensive to produce & no longer needed for business Muslim scientist at CERN sentenced to 4 years for exchanging three dozen messages, some encrypted, with Al Qaedas regional affiliate in Algeria. Kuwait parliament passes death penalty for Muslims who curse God, the Muslim holy book, all prophets and the wives of Mohammed. Non Muslims will get 10 years imprisonment.
 Disabled couple thrilled they'll be able to keep their baby Police recover memory card from hang glider pilot who swallowed it after a woman fell to her death from his glider. All data expected to be intact. TPB and other large BitTorrent sites are now being blocked by ISPs in India Bodies hung from bridge as 23 more die in Mexico drug war Human heads dumped at Nuevo Laredo city hall as part of gruesome display of power by warring cartel
 Fighting A LastDitch Battle To Save the Rare Javan Rhino In Indonesia, conservation groups are engaged in a desperate struggle to save the last 40 Javan rhinos on earth Fourteen beheaded corpses found in Nuevo Laredo, hours after nine bodies were discovered hanging from a bridge Thousands march as Japan switches off last nuclear reactor AlQaeda planned message to convert Ireland to Islam Revolution in Yemen 'We are not finished yet'  USATODAY.com Islamic Insurgents Kill 13, Wound 130 In Suicide Bomb Attack In Russias Dagestan Republic 11 injured, including 4 police officers, as Quebec student protest turns violent  The Globe and Mail A teenager blew himself up near a Pakistani market close to the Afghan border Friday, killing 20 people Greenpeace activists arrested after boarding Arcticbound icebreaker in Sweden  The Washington Post China's iPad Generation  Meet the children left behind when their parents go to the factory Iraq's unity tested by rising tensions over oilrich Kurdish region  As Iraqi Kurdistan ramps up oil production that could soon surpass Libya's output, Kurdish leaders have warned they may seek independence if disputes over oil revenues, powersharing aren't resolved. Man struck by lightning in scrotum AFP 23 dead in day of horror for Mexico border city Boris Johnson wins second term as London mayor  Ben Goldacre Piratebay is blocked. The state is monitoring your web traffic. No problem it's time for a VPN BBC Technology Windblown landmine clearance Gorbachev praises democratic Russia   There are more free people in Russia than ever before, believes former President of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev.  My Scientology Excommunication  
I was one of the world's top 50 church members  then one mistake changed my life Russians protest over Putin's return as president The Roman Catholic Church has protected evil for too long Filesharing was firmly on the agenda when the head of the US DHS visited the Australian capital last week. The four new agreements were less about sharing season two of Game of Thrones and more about sharing the private, govt held information of Australian citizens with U.S. authorities. Nuclearfree Japan braces for severe power shortages
 Reuters Peru warns people to stay off beaches as it investigates  mysterious deaths of hundreds of dolphins & seabirds  Over 1,000 birds, mostly pelicans, have washed up dead, after hundreds of dolphins died in the same area France's Sarkozy Set For Defeat by Socialist Socialist Franois Hollande is the new president of France The Rise in the Number of Farm Animals Being Slaughtered by Having Their Throats Cut While Fully Conscious is Unacceptable, says former president of the British Veterinary Association  Calls for action to curb throatcutting without prior stunning, as it can cause unnecessary suffering

 Thousands in Jordan call for end of peace treaty with Israel McAfee Founder Arrested in Belize on 'Bogus' Charges Proposed bill in Canada would make it illegal to conceal your identity during riots or unlawful assemblies  Mali rebels burn Timbuktu tomb listed as U.N. World Heritage site  CNN.com Japan shuts off nuclear power as thousands celebrate Never Mind Europe. Worry About India The economic slowdown in India is one of the worlds biggest economic stories, but it is commanding only a modicum of attention... Moscow Police arrest top opposition figures after protest on eve of Vladimir Putin's inauguration  Israel's Supreme Court criticizes government for backtracking on demolition of West Bank outpost A northeastern town has declared the king of Spain an unwelcome person, dealing another blow to the 74yearold monarch who has faced scalding criticism for going on an elephant hunting trip during a severe financial crisis. UK PM David Cameron agreed to a meeting with one of Rupert Murdoch's senior executives that was arranged by the lobbyist now at the centre of the Jeremy Hunt scandal Europes far right is the true winner of Frances presidential election.  Slate Magazine Greek NeoNazis enter parliament according to exit polls Iran Elections 2012 Ahmadinejad Routed By Rivals  Quebec student strike may force election. Documents allege moneylaundering lapses at HSBC
| Reuters France has voted for change. For only the second time during the Fifth Republic the people have voted to put a socialist in the Elysee Palace...For Europe too this is a momentous event. For a long time the centre right has held the stage; now a socialist has won and European politics will feel the Worried about online porn? Don't regulate the net  regulate your kids.
 South Korea finds smuggled capsules contain human flesh (Ground up dead babies)
			News.com.au Church of Kopimism Weds First Couple encourages the newlyweds to copy and remix some DNAcells and create a new human being. Greek neonazi party blows past expectations and enters parliament in Greek elections; leader's victory march includes antiimmigrant chants and ordering journalists to stand for him at press conference. Socialist candidate Franois Hollande elected President of France. nationalist neo nazi party has been elected into the greek parliament  Kuwait To Punish Insults Against Islam Or Muhammad With Death India has developed a missile defence shield, which can be put in place at short notice to protect at least two cities, bringing the country on a par with an elite group of nations. Swiss politician offered mom and daughter to cannibals 200 troops defect from Sudan to South Sudan after refusing to attack oil fields.  Merkel's party suffers setback in regional election  Pirate Party enters 3rd German state parliament. The leader of an extremeright, antiimmigrant party on course for shock success in Greece's general elections Sunday lashed out at those he described as traitors responsible for the country's financial crisis and said his party was ushering in a revolution. South Korea finds smuggled capsules contain human flesh |
			Adelaide Now AlQaida releases video of American hostage US airstrike kills senior alQaida leader in Yemen
 Malaysia issues fatwa banning Muslims from street demonstrations NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan A winner in France, alarm in Greece The euro dropped in Asian trading as markets tried to digest not only the longexpected rise of the first Socialist president in France in 17 years, but also the electoral earthquake that took place in Greece on the same night. North Korea Thanks Its Schoolchildren for Building Such Nice Rocket Tanks 'That the state would actually boast its use of child labor for building Multiplelaunch rocket systems is a reminder of the extent to which military nationalism has twisted North Korean society.' U.N. chief says killings in Syria intolerable situation  CNBC Proausterity parties punished in Greece vote Stradivarius cello broken in accident in Spain Mali Islamist Rebels Now In Control Of Timbuktu Destroy Tomb of Saint, Designated UN World Heritage Site More news in Europe. Antiausterity Greek party wins 60% of seats in parliament Azerbaijan Tower Will Be The Worlds Tallest Building On 2022 To end her cub's torture on a Chinese bile farm, mother bear kills the cub and then herself.  Reddit, PLEASE, what can we do to stop this horror??? EFF  British Prime Minister Does a 180 on Internet Censorship David Cameron is practically tripping over himself in his eagerness to sacrifice liberty for security...when people are using social media for violence we need to stop them. US censures report on drone casualties. Possibly up to 168 children have been killed in drone strikes in Pakistan UK So if we're turning off social media for 'safety', why aren't we shutting down television networks at the same time? Why aren't politicians demanding that news channels, with their greater reach and potential to panic the public, be turned off during exceptional circumstances David Cameron wants to evict rioters from their government subsidized homes Greek Government Proposes Drug Decriminalization Aggression during G20 rally perpetrated by police, judge rules (Canada) New Zealand Parliament may lose Internet access due to insane new copyright law Hardline Brazil judge gunned down Patricia Acioli, known for taking a hard line against criminals and corrupt police officers, was shot in her car near Rio de Janeiro Italy Agrees on $65 Billion in Austerity Measures. Measures also include a solidarity tax on high earners an additional 5 percent tax on incomes above $128,000 a year and 10 percent on incomes above $213,000 a year for the next two years.  Cop UTurns on top of hill, kills oncoming motorcyclist. Fined $250. Oil leak detected on North Sea platform Cameron backs eviction for London rioters Shaming of our spooks MI6 produced bogus Iraq war evidence under pressure from Downing Street London riots Wandsworth council moves to evict mother of charged boy British Leader Seeks Public Housing Evictions for Rioters and Their Families   Secret Papers Reveal Truth Behind Soviet Collapse  Newly published papers from end of Gorbachev presidency show last Soviet leader as harsh, confused, deluded in talks with Helmut Kohl and George Bush. On the Tiananmen massacre We must be realists 3,000 people, so what? A gay cabinet minister expecting a child with her girlfriend may be news in other countries  but not in Australia. Why UK Rioters Won't Be Protected by BlackBerry Messaging System Police may already be sifting through communications for incriminating messages The whites have become black  David Starkey's view that Black culture caused the London Riots. Nancy Wake  An obituary of Vera Wake, the white mouse. A double agent and surely one of the only women to fox the Gestapo so completely UK Councils are going ahead with evicting families of looters with the first of the cases before the courts today. Average UK student debts 'could hit 53,000' Hash in the Holy Land  In a move expected to increase medicinal marijuana use 6fold, the Israeli govt will oversee its distribution & use.  
It's triggered snarky rejoinders about a conspiracy to reduce 100s of 1,000s of demonstrators protesting the cost of living to hazy passivity.  UK Police using facial recognition technology to crack down on those responsible for the riots We conclude therefore that Rupert Murdoch is not a fit person to exercise the stewardship of a major international company Bare Statistics of Rhinos Being Slaughtered Horrifying   They're being killed in such unprecedented numbers that there are realistic fears they could be wiped from the face of the planet within a generation Mayors of eight British Columbia cities call on the provincial govt to legalize, tax, and regulate marijuana Documents found encoded in porn reveal al Qaeda's plans for seizing cruise ships, and cause carnage in Europe  CNN.com Report Guns used in Mexico for lawyer's murder traced to ATF operation The Pirate Bay copyright crackdown is unsustainable Air France Flight 447 'Damn it, were going to crash   Airbus went down three years ago in equatorial waters between Brazil and Africa. 228 dead. Two years to find flight recorders, another year to write report. Official verdict Pilot error. But why didn't other crew members intervene? An engineering mom leads effort to save an oldgrowth Russian forest
Yevgenia Chirikova found out a national forest was quietly being sold off. What she did to try to save it may change Russia forever Once poster child of crisis, Iceland recovers The dolphinhunting Japanese town of Taiji, made infamous by the Oscarwinning documentary The Cove, plans to open a marine mammal park where visitors can swim with the creatures Rick Falkvinge addresses the German Pirate Partys General Assembly, with 2800 people gathered in Neumnster  the largest party assembly in Germanys democratic history The Secret War in Yemen did anyone else know that this was going on? Canadians were never told the true cost of a $114billion secret bailout for the country's biggest banks during the financial crisis, says a report from the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives. Malaysia Enacts Minimum Wage Israel exspy chief slams Netanyahu over Iran, I really don't have faith in a leadership that makes decisions out of messianic feelings. Norwegian sociologist Johan Galtung (father of peace studies) defends 'The Protocols of the Elders of Zion' and says Jewish influence was one of the factors leading to Auschwitz. BBC News  Turkey to write first fully civilian constitution Countercoup attempt underway in Mali Europe takes hard look at nations that allowed U.S. interrogations Debris believed to be from the Japan tsunami are surfacing in Washington State, Alaska and British Columbia, and scientists say the mess will be there for generations. El Salvador holds its breath after day without murders  Scepticism in barrios, where residents say people are still disappearing despite truce between powerful gangs Ethiopians could still go hungry despite economic gains
With its population of 91 million expected to double in the next 22 years, and a drier climate, Ethiopia will have trouble feeding its people, a new report says. Harley Davidson with Japan license plates washes up on Canadian coast. Protesters Deploy, Police Brace for May Day Protests [Updated] How Boko Haram attacks have changed the Maiduguri where I grew up  Jimeh Saleh of BBC Hausa returns to his home town of  in  Nigeria for 1st time in almost a year to find it's a mere shell of its once lively self, following a spate of deadly attacks by the Boko Haram Islamist group. Tsunami motorcycle washes up in Canada, owner located in Japan. Now Harley Davidson wants to restore it for him. The Vatican backs Ireland's most senior churchman who failed to protect children from paedophile priests, even though he knew who they were, and who was abusing them.. Protestors just say no to Dutch cannabis ban Motorola wins Xbox and Windows 7 ban in Germany Israel orders 1,000 Palestinian trees uprooted The Pirate Party (founded on protecting internet privacy and free downloads for personal use) is emerging as the leading 3rd party in Germany What the recession looks like in Spain. (24.4% unemployment in pictures.) Jamming signals thought to be from North Korea have affected GPS navigation on at least 250 flights since Saturday, South Korean officials say. Quebec student protests mark 'Maple spring' in Canada.  A revolt against a government tuition fee hike is growing into Occupyinspired dissent against austerity and inequality
 Cannabis  Britain's growth industry A clandestine industry has sprung up in the bedrooms, living rooms, cellars and roof tops. Some do it for personal use, others grow cannabis for organised criminal networks who make millions out of what they know is a comparatively low risk, highprofit crime. After 50 years, Cubans hope to travel freely. One senior official says a radical and profound change is weeks away. Eleven people were killed and more than 160 wounded near Egypt's Defence Ministry on Wednesday after armed men assaulted protesters demanding an end to army rule, prompting two Islamist candidates to suspend their presidential election campaigns. Irelands Catholic leader defends role in coverup of priests child abuse, says he wont quit Court bans Microsoft products from German market Russian police arrest gay rights activists at May Day rally S&P Upgrades Greece Out Of Default  Rupert Murdoch's Fox broadcast licences targeted by US ethics group Bolivia nationalises electrical grid taking over Spanishowned company Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng says he left his refuge in the US embassy in Beijing after Chinese authorities made death threats to family members. News International may have hacked other murdered children's phones What Finland Can Teach China  A focus on daycare rather than rote learning is why Finnish students have some of the best global test scores. Chinese students might be more creative if they took a leaf out of their book. Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi sworn in as member of parliament Cesium exceeding new limit detected in 51 food items in nine prefectures Sarkozy doesn't win debate Saudi Arabian Mufti, Says Girls Ready For Marriage At 10 Years Old  Russian Military threatens to make preemptive strike on US missile shield facilities 'The Scream' sold for nearly $120 million  Can an African 'green revolution' feed the world?   If you only increase productivity by 50 percent in Africa, Africa will go from food deficit to food surplus. And that can be done with access to simple inputs that are available today. Drunk Welsh tourists break into Sea World, swim with dolphins, and take off with a Penguin. What happened to Canada? It used to be the country we would flee to if life in the US became unpalatable. No nuclear weapons. No huge militaryindustrial complex. Universal health care. Funding for the arts. A good record on the environment. But that was the old Canada. An Indonesian civil servant who posted God doesn't exist on Facebook faces 11 years in Jail On Saturday, the last of the Japans's 50 usable nuclear reactors will be switched off, completely idling a power source that once supplied a third of the country's electricity. BBC News  Osama Bin Laden documents released BBC News  Two blind British men have electronic retinas fitted Crop scientists appeal to antiGM protesters not to trash a field trial of GM wheat at a day of action later this month Scientists hope the new variety of GM crop will repel aphids and so not require insecticide
 Body piercing trend rises among Saudi women for reasons ranging from cosmetic to wanting to defy societal norm. Hobo cop New tactic aims to catch drivers without seat belts and using cellphones on the road Syrian University raided by regime, four students 
killed.  Turkey angry at ratings agency Standard and Poor's for lowering its outlook and raising Greece's  From now on, we do not recognize you as a ratings agency Barclays shareholders demonstrated their mounting anger over runaway boardroom pay, delivering a huge protest against Barclays pay policies  including the 17m package for CEO Bob Diamond Israel to set up military censor to monitor social media Spain Slams Bolivia Power Grid Nationalization   Spain warns Bolivia its take over of the Spanish company that owned most of its grid will hurt the Latin American country's image among international investors.
 Madrid promises to make sure Bolivia pays a fair price for the forced takeover. In the painful tumult of daily protests, an entire generation of Qubcois youth is learning a political lesson no class would ever teach violence underlies all of society's inequalities, and power doesn't yield an inch without a fight EU Austerity Feeding Racism, Report Says  
Austerity measures & populist election rhetoric are feeding an increase in racism & racist violence, the Council of Europe warns Australia delays F35 fighter orders to aid budget More than 500 dead pelicans have been found on a 40mile stretch of the country's northern coast. Osama bin Laden's last words show dark days for al Qaeda German Education and Research Minister Annette Schavan facing allegations that she plagiarized parts of her dissertation, published in 1980 Bolivian Soldiers Walked Into This Spanish Power Company, Hung A Flag And Seized Control Norway whalers take first whales of hunting season official b'Unsuccessful Basiji hitting cameraman...unsuccessful because the video has been uploaded to youtube and I was able to submit it to reddit!!!' b'German parliament passes Internet censorship bill ' b'Turkey attacks China genocide. Turkish apparently lacks a word for irony.' b'Irish blasphemy law is not sinister new law, but an amendment to an unenforceable old one to make it even less viable.' Australia's net filtering a $33m waste child groups b'Medvedev Shows Off Sample Coin of New World Currency at G8' b'8 British Soldiers Died in the Last 24 Hours innAfghanistan. 15 British Soldiers in the Last 10nDays! More killed in Afghanistan since 2001nthan in Iraq!' b'French controversial 3 strikes online copyright infringement bill aimed at taking repeat offenders offline returns, now with judicial oversight!' b'Obama tells pope he wants to reduce abortions in U.S.n' b'Abu Ghraib Italy. Too many strange deaths in italian prisons. The fight of some families and mothers against media silence' b'10 Cases of American Intervention in  Latin America (Balanced historic  perspective to explain antiU.S.  sentiment in the region.)' b'Amazing PBS documentary Heart of Jenin  A Palestinian boy's tragic death gives five Israelis the gift of life (full video available at link)' b'Ethnic conflict in China escalates, 138 Hans, 46 Muslim Uighurs dead.' b'Robert Stevens, chief executive of Lockheed Martin Corp, told reporters at a media dinner that the very definition of global security was expanding to include things such as access to clean drinking water, secure transportation, and alternative energy sources.' b'Honduras  Minister of Culture Rodolfo Pastro Fasquell The world must know that what has passed is a plot by business people from corporations who wanted to maintain their privileges... Honduras has the highest and most monstrous rates of poverty in Latin America.' A piece of paper. G8 doesn't care much about Human Rights in the world. But maybe the web will eventually change something b'Stateless earth creature burns Social Security card, proclaims love for all humankind' Released European journalist tells his story about being jailed in Iran for 'espionage' China's Ethnic Fault Lines  WSJ.com b'Venezuelan Coupist in Honduras' b'Executed for becoming a Christian.' b'One Honest Palestinian Journalist' b'A US company has apologised after featuring a Welsh couple murdered on their Caribbean honeymoon as happy customers' b'Iran is preparing a new package of political, security and international issues to put to the West' b'TIME  Afghanistan' b'It's Official, Ireland Makes Blasphemy Illegal.  Seriously.  Passed Wednesday, legislation making blasphemy illegal, with a 25,000Euro fine.  Police may also enter homes and confiscate blasphemous materials including books, artwork, cartoons of Mohammed . . . whatever!  Book burnings next?' b'Swine Flu only kills Fat people' 'Rude' French are worst tourists Murdoch (yes, he's the owner of Fox) paid 1m to cover up illegal phone jacking b'How the Irish Government manipulated the system to make sure the Blasphemy Bill would get through.' b'Canada, #7 on the list of top carbon emitters, refuses to change climate change plan despite fact that it falls short of the new G8 agreement. Canada now takes US's old position among Bad Boy Nations.' b'Rightwing Jewish group trying to stop Israeli settlement building in the West Bank is equivalent to ethnic cleansing.' b'The Manik Farm was meant to house the largest number of the 300,000 mainly Tamil civilians forced to flee as army forces mounted an offensive against the LTTE.  Now that the war is over, the weekly death toll at the Manik Farm averages 1,400.' b'Law will let Afghan husbands starve wives who withhold sex.' b'Tehran MD They have covered up the deaths ' b'The dirty truth about China's ethnic minorities Labeling Uighurs as terrorists ignores history' b'Air Raid Victim Tells Obama to Leave Afghanistan at Once' b'Umberto Eco Blame the Italians' b'I do believe that Fundamentalism behaves in the same way across all religions.  Roya Hakakian discusses Iran on Fresh Air 7/9/2009 ' b'Turkish Prime Minister calls Xinjiang killings genocide' b'New Demonstrations in Iran Bring Hundreds to the Streets ' b'South Korean Web Sites Disrupted in Third Round of Attacks' b'China bans Urumqi mosque prayers' b'An angry mob petrolbombed homes and threw acid over Christian women, after mosque loudspeakers accused the Christians of blasphemy.' Swat Taliban chief 'near death' b'SKorea says attackers use IP address in 16 nations' b'G8 Britain could cut nuclear stockpile, Gordon Brown says ' b'Report China quake destroys 10,000 homes' b'Rape Rampant In Afghanistan; a full onethird of the rapists are government officials who can sexually assault women with impunity. This is, remember, a government that is supported and even lauded by the United States.' Mass people's resistance in Honduras  In their own words Water wars break out in India. Bhopal (pop. 1.8 million) has been rationed to 30 minutes of water supply once every three days. Indore is half an hour's supply every seven days. b'UK cuts Israel weapons contracts  because of the indiscriminate killing of the civilians during the war on Gaza.' Kim Jong Il 'has pancreatic cancer' b'This is not a joke Iran condemns Italy's use of force to repress demonstrations against G8' b'In 2007 an Israeli company backed with 2 million dollars in funding set up a system to game social networking sites such as Reddit and Digg.' b'A NHS doctor from London who was held captive in a Bangladeshi psychiatric hospital and forced to marry someone she had never met.' b'Israel and EU Clash Over Settlements' b'How the state (UK) crushed the early 90s free party scene ' b'UK cuts Israel weapons contracts. At fucking last.n' b'Top Iranian cleric Montazeri Khamenei is illegitimate' b'Russia wants Israel to buy the S300s sold to Iran  if it wants to stop the deal.Pentagon advisor Dan  Goure says the purchase would effectively rule  out any strike against Iran(a last resort in case  negotiations over nuclear program are  unsuccessful)' b'A video of a British soldier screaming obscenities and abuse at hooded Iraqi detainees was shown today at the opening session of a public inquiry into how the hotel receptionist, Baha Mousa, was killed while in British custody.' b'A group of Sudanese women flogged for dressing indecently  they were wearing trousers' b'Chinese artist looks into Sichuan earthquake deaths. He began his own investigation, collecting names of the children who died. He had reached more than 5,000 names before his blog was shut down last month.' b'N. Ireland More than 1,000 Orangemen and their accompanying bandsmen eventually did march down the main road past Ardoyne to the beat of a lone drum  but only after riot police fought an hourlong street battle backed by a surveillance helicopter and three massive mobile water cannons.' African Obama Frenzy 'We want him to rule all African countries' Iran's Terrifying Facebook PoliceTraveller's Facebook Page is Accessed by Iranian Immigration Agent and All Her Friends' Names are Recorded. b'Grand Ayatollah Montazeris Fatwa The Supreme Leader is Illegitimate' Most expensive US jet ever can outfly anything else in the sky so long as it doesn't have to do it for longer than one hour and 42 minutes. After that, it can become a sitting duck. b'In 2006, the big joke among Israeli leaders was  putting Gaza on a diet (get it?). They're still  laughing.' b'Two Uyghurs shot dead by Chinese police' b'Seven religious minority members face execution in Iran' b'Sudanese girls to get 10 lashes for wearing trousers.' b'Torture and Massacre of 2,000 at Afghan Prison May Have US Ties.  Obama Calls for Probe.  (Vid)' b'Kim Jongil has pancreatic cancer according to South Korean TV' b'Obama tells Africans to take responsibility, not aid' b'Israel plans to expand its online presence by giving money to trolls.' b'The death of Government scientist David Kelly returned to haunt Labour today as a group of doctors announced that they were mounting a legal challenge to overturn the finding of suicide.' b'Big pharma 'delaying' cheaper drugs. European patients, taxpayers and national treasuries are being fleeced of billions of euros because of the big pharmaceutical companies' elaborate campaigns to delay the marketing of cheaper generic drugs, the European commission said.' What it's like to eat in Gaza b'Iran creates Stasi corps to clamp down on dissent, makes transition to police state.' b'BOMBSHELL Cheney linked to secrecy of CIA program' b'New Orleans police proudly announce that the number of rapes is sharply down.  This herculean feat police work was accomplished by reclassifying many rapes as noncriminal complaints' b'Russian President Dmitry Medvedev pulls new world currency from his pocket' Australia's outback is being overrun by wild camels b'Criticism of Afghan War Is on the Rise in Britain' Iran's uprising is not about protesting kids  it's a struggle between factions in the 'Old Guard' b'Hundreds of ultraorthodox Jews have clashed with police in Jerusalem for a third consecutive Saturday over a car park which opens on the Sabbath' b'Bosnia buries Srebrenica victims 14 years AFTER the massacre. n' b'Most Xinjiang dead Han Chinese' b'Saudi Religious Police Blamed for Honor Killings' b'Injured toll from China riots raised to 1,680' b'His pants sagged, but never too much. He spoke of homeboys and used the n word, but gave careful regard to the schools rules. Youre not black, his peers taunted. Go back to Africa.' b'Elderly, Kids Urged to Skip Hajj Over Swine Flu  ABC News' b'Demjanjuk Nazi Trial To Break Legal Ground  For the first time, a person who was low on the chain of command is to be indicted, even though there is no proof of his having committed a specific offence.' b'Two Cameroonians and a Nigerian have been lynched in Taraba State in Nigeria for allegedly engaging in acts that causes people to lose their genital organs.' b'Coal miners rescued after surviving 25 days underground' b'Honduran coup leaders referring to little black man, little black boy who knows nothing about nothing. I wonder who they're referring to... ' John Holdren, Obama's Science Czar, says Forced abortions and mass sterilization needed to save the planet b'Gunmen launch deadly raids in Mexico' b'Earthquake M7.8 off West coast of South Island New Zealand  Tsunami warning' b'Incredible! The Israel Project, a nonprofit with headquarters in D.C., has issued a Global Language Dictionary (authored by Republican pollster Frank Luntz) that tells journalists how to talk about the IsraelPalestine conflict. Newspeak much?' b'Testimonies An Israeli sniper killed a Palestinian  man in order to mark a score with his gun.  Soldiers fired at houses out of boredom. A  commander expressed satisfaction that Gaza  hospitals were full.'  Russian activist 'found murdered' Israel drops charges against an Israeli settler caught on film shooting at two Palestinians in the West Bank.  Reason Prosecution may result in harm Israel's security. b'Israel soldiers speak out on Gaza conflict' b'Israeli soldiers reveal the brutal truth of Gaza  attack ' b'Israeli soldiers admit widespread abuses were committed by the army against civilians during the assualt on Gaza' b'Not only has China ended its dependence on food aid, but almost overnight it has become the worlds third largest food aid donor!' 'Open fire and don't ask questions'  Human rights  group Breaking the Silence hears Israeli soldiers  describe human shield and 'shoot first' policies  during the recent conflict in Gaza b'ExIsrael troops Army used reckless force in Gaza' b'Former Liberian president and blood diamond profiteer facing war crimes court for murder, rape, terrorism I fought corruption' b'India to issue 1.2 billion new biometric ID cards' b'Russia murders another human rights activist' b'Everyone is your enemy, Israeli soldiers in Gaza told;  admit Palestinians forced to serve as human shields ' b'Mandatory Swine Flu Vaccination Alert' b'Debate in Iceland on whether or not to join the EU rages on' Tony Blair backed to be Europe's first president b'A poster promoting Israel as a tourist venue has been banned in the UK after it appeared to suggest areas such as the Gaza Strip were internationally recognised as part of its territory' b'Israel troops speak out on Gaza warnSoldiers were ordered to shoot first and worry later. ' b'Gaza war order was shoot first, some Israeli troops say' b'ICRC Israel Traps Gazans in Deprivation and Despair' b'UK Government aims to decrease illegal filesharing by 80% by 2011' b'168 Feared Dead After Plane Crashes in Iran...' b'Tsunami alert after NZ earthquake' A new line of bottled water  this time not from the melting Alps, but rather from the contaminated ground near the site of the 1984 Bhopal catastrophe  scared Dow Chemical's London management team into hiding today. b'Hindus criticize Pope for being harsh on atheists' b'Israelis set fire and destroy 37 Acres of Palestinian owned land in southern West Bank' b'12 Mexican military officials tortured, killed' b'Al Qaeda vows revenge on China after riots' b'Lieutenant Mark Evison, who died in May from wounds received in Afghanistan, kept a remarkable journal  published here for the first time  about the harsh realities of fighting in Helmand.' b'Site tells you what you should be scared of today (according to the media)' Israel's commandeering of the Spirit last week shares a lot in common with the acts of piracy the Spirit's unarmed passengers traveled on the high seas, uncertain if they would live or die when the Israeli navy surrounded them & took them prisoners. But do Israel's actions constitute piracy? Yes. b'Mainstream Chinese Viewpoint  Uighur Riots' b'Egyptian jailed for three years for insulting President Hosni Mubarak in a poem' b'Double standard.  Egypt stops Gazabound aid convoy.  Nobody except the Iranians care' b'Spanish nobles rebel over inheritance law that will allow Women to claim titles from male relatives' b'Why US diplomats are visiting Israeli settlers' b'Life on Planet Uighur (Photos) ' b'Rich Cause the Crisis, Workers Get the Blame' b'Bermuda, with its pastelcoloured homes overlooking the turquoise waters of the Atlantic Ocean, is now home to 4 Chinese Uighurs who were released from Guantanamo Bay after 7 years inside' b'Two Israeli warships have sailed through the Suez Canal; Israeli media described the passage of the two Saar class missile boats as a message to Iran. ' b'The disaster of (American) Indian health care' b'Lithuania backs bill  to restrict information to children' b'Demjanjuk Charged with 27,900 Murders' b'C.I.A. Had Plan to Assassinate Qaeda Leaders' b'Iran Hangs 13 Members of Rebel Sunni Muslim Group' Report After brutal police rule, Taliban 'welcomed as liberators' b'Love and candy Hamas says Israel distributing aphrodisiac gum in Gaza' b'Iran reform leader to set up political front' b'US troops and contractors caused substantial damage to the archeological site at Babylon, a city considered as one of the first civilizations on earth.' b'Kill IE6, for the sake of the web expert' b'Rafsanjani  Don't let our enemies laugh at us by putting people in prison' b'The World Health Organisation said on Friday that the H1N1 flu pandemic is moving around the globe at an unprecedented speed as it stopped giving figures on numbers affected.' b'Retirement homes planned for Swiss junkies' b'A white supremacist whose plot to bomb nonBritish people included shrapnel bombs disguised as tennis balls was found guilty of terrorism in London' Tehran's streets erupt after a key cleric speaks b'AFGHANISTAN Opium eases my pain, keeps my children quiet' b'Olmert gives his prescription for how the US can ensure lasting peace between Israel and Palestine Stop paying attention to the settlements.' b'The high cost of sex work in southern Africa' b'Islam Times  Hamas PM Haniyeh Jews are not our enemy' b'The number of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails reached up to 9,600, including 345 children and 85 women, a Palestinian researcher said in a statistical report on Wednesday.' b'US military silent on Bagram jail protest. The prisoners at the largest US prison in Afghanistan have refused to leave their cells for the past two weeks to shower or exercise to protest against their indefinite imprisonment.' b'CIA Israel will fall in 20 years' b'Britain backs call for Israeli settlement freezen' b'Iranian police teargas protesters during prayer' b'After one of their top men was arrested last weekend, gunmen from Mexico's La Familia cartel went on a rampage, shooting up police stations and leaving 12 federal officers in a pile alongside a highway. Now it's offering a truce, but the Mexican government says, No thanks.' Iran's defeated presidential candidate Karroubi attacked on way to prayers by plainclothed men b'Security Forces Fire Tear Gas at protesters in Iran' b'Brit Police again show what kind of clueless fascists they are Minority Report and Precrime arrives via a Facebook events page  for a BBQ' b'$5000 Recycled Paper House comes complete with plumbing and basic facilities. ' Afghanistan 'We are fighting ghost soldiers'  b'How does a developed country like Germany have a poverty rate of over 30%!!! ' b'CTV.ca | Vaccine may teach body to fight off lung cancer | world trials now for Canadian invented vaccine' (Afghanistan) How many more will die in vain before we withdraw? The attempt to exploit soldiers' deaths to win support for the shameful war in Afghanistan thankfully isn't working. b'Professional snipers have been brought in to guard a vulnerable colony of penguins in Australia.' b'Natalia Estemirova, a lifelong human rights campaigner, was kidnapped from her home yesterday morning.  Today she was found dead, left on a road with bullet wounds to the head and chest.' b'DOJ Pressured to probe why Bush White House blocked three different probes into war crimes in Afghanistan where as many as 2,000 surrendered Taliban fighters were reportedly suffocated in container trucks and then buried in a mass grave by Afghan and U.S. forces.' b'Iceland votes to join EU.' b'The second life of a US Army deserter who switched to the North Korean side' b'New Zealand gov't proposes a new 3 strikes process for P2P users after its first attempt failed; invites public comment' b'91% of Chinese citizens worth 100 million yuan ($14.6 million) or more are children of highlevel Communist Party officials.' If you work with kids you must pay a fine for being a 'potential pedophile'. Whatever your occupation, from being a school teacher to a bus driver you are a Potential Pedophile (tm) Indian tiger park 'has no tigers' Kids TV praises Gaza mom's suicide bombing b'Human rights activist Natalya Estemirova abducted and shot to death in Chechnya' b'Often on drugs, wearing fetishes they believed made them impervious to bullets, and garbed in costumes ranging from noveltystore fright masks to wigs and womens bathrobes, these murderous adolescents raped, pillaged, and slaughtered at will.' Al Jazeera shows how it's done. Again. Both sides of the story and no pandering to the Israelis. Western news services could learn a thing or hundred about how keeping Israelis on message weakens their propaganda. b'With the war over, Sri Lanka's government could have claimed the moral high ground. Instead it has clamped down hard. Around 300,000 civilians remain interned without trial in welfare centres that are concentration camps in all but name.' b'Potter actor admits drug charge ... police found shots of [cannabis] plants ... after he was arrested for taking a picture of officers ...' Iran plane black boxes 'damaged' b'(New translation; more info) Honduras coup made in USA  the evidence' A mysterious glob of unknown material up to 12 miles long has appeared off Alaska's northern coast.   b'The Man Behind The Massacre at Shibarghan' b'Dog wet nurse saves panda cubs in China ' b'Tony Blair would be an awful EU president' b'Kremlinbacked Chechen president blamed for kidnapping and murder of Award Winning Activist' b'Mexico rejects peace deal with cartels ' b'Iceland will apply to join the EU' b'Moon Walkers  The 40th Anniversary of the Moon Landing' b'War Crimes? There were 300 of us in my container. By the time we arrived in Sheberghan, only ten of us were alive they shot into the containers [to make air holes]. Blood came pouring out get rid of them [the bodies] before satellite pictures could be taken' The Rape of Taraneh  Prison Abuse of Iran's Protesters b'Israel backs East Jerusalem housing construction despite U.S. opposition  Netanyahu says Jews have the right to build in East Jerusalem. Palestinians consider the land part of their future state.' b'$10 billion Saudi fraud claim  A respected business family claims it has fallen victim to a spectacular swindle ' b'[In Pictures] 6 months after the war ended, the population in Gaza is dying slowly because of the blockade imposed by Apartheid Israel.' b'U.N. is not going to name the culprits in the Bhutto Assassination, which many respected researchers say was the work of the CIA assassination units run by Cheney' b'Ten Mexican police officers have been detained in connection with the torture and murder of 12 federal agents during a major escalation in the drug war' b'Starbucks to Start Selling Beer Can I have a Venti?' b'This is rich! A US military spokesman in Kabul condemned the video as propaganda and a breach of the rules of war.' b'IDF booklet Every real Arab, deep inside, is kind of a fan of the Nazis.' b'Could Dick Cheney go to prison?' China's security forces admit to killing Uighurs in riot  b'Most Germans want grand coalition to end; 56 percent have had enough CDU/SPD' b'nLife in Israel is just peachy, thank you, and who wants to think about peace, negotiations, withdrawals, the price to be paid and all the unnecessary mess? ' b'Israel defies US over settlement' b'Mandela Day launched as antiapartheid icon turns 91' Iran's hardliners still doing the only thing they know what to do  roundup the opposition  b'During my previous tenure I built thousands of housing units in the [East] Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Homa, and I went against the world. Therefore, it is clear that in the present situation I will not cave in.' b'Jewish Doctor in LA using bingo money taken from impoverished Americans to fund settlers who steal land from Palestinians....' b'Basiji militia member I wed the girls before their execution' b'North Cyprus celebrates peace, calls for solution  Hrriyet Daily News and Economic Review' b'Extreme jigsaw Police putting together a severed head to identify bombing suspect' b'Israel Rejects U.S. Call on East Jerusalem Development' b'At least 16 civilians have been killed and five wounded after a helicopter crashed near a military base in southern Afghanistan' b'Passing Oceania' b'Protests reignited as 1 million people return to the streets of Tehran' b'Walter Cronkite died today at the age of 92' b'Oldest WWI veteran dies aged 113 ' Indian Prime minister can't sleep at night because rich boys Ferraris screaming up and down the roads outside. b'The Xinjiang Riots Not since the dying days of the Manchu Qing empire has China witnessed this sort of spontaneous ethnicallybased violence' b'Zelaya planned to raise minimum wage. COHEP (Honduran National Business Council) opposes higher minimum wage. Zelaya removed. COHEP now opposes trade sanctions against current regime because it will hurt the poor, but still opposes minimum wage rise in nation with 70% living in poverty.' b'Oldest living man, 113 year old WW1 veteran. He attributes his longevity to cigarettes, whisky and wild, wild women  and a sense of humour' b'Belgian tax agency using facebook (among others) to see who needs investigating for spending more than they say they earn' b'Thailand needs a better rice policy to help their own farmers' b'Too much American news spam on the World news reddit' b'A SWAZI man was stoned to death by a mob of schoolchildren after he stabbed a 13yearold girl to death with a spear and wounded 12 others at their school.' b'West still silent over Falun Gong 10year persecution' b'Calling Jews Nazis may be criminalised' b'First commercial pig farm worker in Britain contracts swine flu  Worldnews.com' b'Israeli Settlers Rebuilding Evacuated Settlement, Naming it After Obama....Even better, they compare him to the Biblical Pharaoh of the book of Exodus who kept the Jewish people in bondage......' b'Update from Switzerland Regarding the Illegal Government Contract with Microsoft' b'Powerful Iranian cleric says country in crisis' b'Mauritania has suffered 5 military coups in the last 50 years, but some see upcoming elections as chance to break the cycle Its about putting an end to 30 years of illegal occupation of power by the military' b'Four Indonesian airlines allowed back into Europe; Zambia, Kazakhstan banned' b'Arab summer camp kids forced by Israeli police to remove their camp tshirts, visit holy site shirtless, and find out that only in movies do the scrappy camp underdogs overcome superior finances and arrogant elitism' Iran hardliners turn on critical cleric  Rafsanjani accused of 'sowing discord' by questioning election results b'Human rights lawyer detained as Iran unrest spirals' b'Prayers answered, as Kenyan mosque jams mobile phone signal to stop interruptions.' b'France Surrenders to Ahmadinejad' Nelson Mandela's 91st birthday party  text and video