 Details emerge on US kill team in Afghanistan The boy did as he was told. He stood still.
The soldiers knelt down behind a mudbrick wall...As the grenade exploded [they] opened fire, shooting the boy repeatedly at close range with an M4 carbine and a machine gun. Libya Rape Accuser Missing  The Libyan govt said late Sunday that Eman alObeidi, the woman who burst into a Tripoli hotel and tried to tell foreign journalists about being raped by Gaddafi's men, has been released. But no one who knows alObeidi has heard from her. Email between workers at Fukushima Crying is useless. If were in hell now all we can do is to crawl up towards heaven. When the tsunami hit and Hideaki Akaiwa realized his wife was in grave danger, he defied all odds by finding scuba gear, swimming under the waves to their home, and saving her. He then went for his mother, saving her too, and has been out almost every day looking for survivors. [NSFW & GRAPHIC] Video Gaddafi forces bomb house killing children and occupants in Misratah last Friday Chinese students screened for 'radical thoughts' and 'independent lifestyles', provoking angry reactions from undergrads.  New shocking video of the japanese tsunami Radioactive water is pooling outside Fukushima's reactors at levels exceeding one sievert an hour.  Work to contain the disaster is hampered as just four hours exposure could mean death within two months. Dutch bankers' bonuses axed by people power Woman alleging Libyan abuse is free Libya Rebels take Ras Lanuf, Brega , Uqayla, Bin Jawad United Arab Emirates Drugged, raped, then jailed for 'adultery' Egyptian military says Mubarak under house arrest WikiLeaks stories from Nigeria. Editor reveals that he shows up in one cable with a US diplomat who reported their conversation with such accuracy that he wants to hire him as a reporter for the newspaper  Libyans call woman who claimed gang rape a prostitute
 Latest helicopter footage of Fukushima, zoomin on ruined reactors  russia today Iranian diplomat asks hotel to remove Israeli flag ahead of embassy event, but ArabIsraeli manager tells him 'If you don't like it, use another venue'  Gaza cops use beatings, stun guns on female reporters Chinese battery factory poisons village with lead Libyan revolutionaries claim Gaddafi's hometown of Sirte has fallen For all the public anxiety over exposure to radioactivity, Japan is fighting an equally critical health emergency on another front as tens of thousands of evacuees face serious health problems and a future clouded by trauma. Radiation leak found outside Japan nuclear reactor Professor Juan Cole's open letter to the Left, on Libya Fukushima reactor may have suffered partial meltdown. Their professor says he's going back to Libya to be the rebel finance minister Massive demonstration today in Britain. 400,000 protest against budget cuts for the people and taxbreaks for the rich. Report of a huge radiation spike at Japan nuclear plant was FALSE. Woman cries for help, says abused by Gaddafi men UK cuts taxes for the richest the day after 250000+ march in protest of government spending cuts Tripoli Shock Minders Snatch 'Rape Victim' Should lying be illegal? Canada's broadcasters debate. Female medic awarded Military Cross for bravery 
Lance Corporal Kylie Watson twice risked her life under heavy fire to treat two gravely wounded Afghan soldiers Germany Angela Merkel 'to lose key state election'  Green Party  benefits greatly from nuclear accident in Japan Libyan rebel commander admits his fighters have alQaeda links Borneo tribes 30year regime has destroyed everything Tony Blair's priest fixed papal knighthoods for cash 
Senior Catholic took up to 50k donations for honours. Veena Malik   Pakistani actress defies mullah accusing her of immoral behavior. We desperately need more women like her. I sincerely hope shell be safe New Libyan rebel leader spent much of past 20 years in suburban Virginia Sixth police spy in protest movement unmasked Radiation 10milliontimes normal levels detected at 
No.2 reactor Saudi Arabia Arrests for Peaceful Protest on the Rise Pakistan  A Revolution Against Whom?  In Pakistan  we get rid of our dictators every ten years or so There is no 'regime' to overthrow  the first question is an uprising against whom? TOKYO  Workers were evacuated Sunday from one of the contaminated turbine buildings at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant after a massive spike in radioactivity measurements. But the Tokyo Electric Power Co., which operates the facility, said hours later that the reading was a mistake Hundreds of thousands of protesters march in London. [VIDEO] A woman at the centre of the trial involving serious allegations of violent assault by Colonel Gaddafis nephew has given disturbing new evidence about how senior members of the Libyan regime were able to flout the law with impunity under Tony Blairs Government.
 Desperate Tripoli woman violently dragged away by Colonel Qaddafis security forces before horrified reporters Libya Nato assumes control of military operation with immediate effect Radioactivity soars in Japan reactor 10 million times higher than normal. The gains signify that the rebel forces have reclaimed all of the territory they lost to Gadhafi's forces at the start of the war. Magnitude6.5 quake off Japan, small tsunami alert Canadian Nonconfidence vote passes, Canadians are headed to the polls India has allowed the right to euthanasia because of an extreme case where a young girl was strangled into unconsciousness with a dog chain while being raped. She was plunged into a vegetative state from which she never recovered. Thirtyseven years later, the courts say she could be allowed to die. Japan The students and teachers at Ookawa school knew what to do when the tsunami warning sounded. But they never thought it would happen to them, so they didn't go to higher ground and drowned.  Britons reclaim their common law rights under the Magna Carta, seize courtroom and arrest corrupt judge. FREEEEEDOM!!! Prodemocracy protests in Jordan turn violent as governmenthired thugs and security forces attack the protest camp, leaving over a hundred injured and one dead ... a young Palestinian activist told me that his friends were feeling more positive toward the US than they had in years because of the military action in Libya. It's on AlJazeera all the time, he said Libyan rebels take control of city of Ajdabiya from government after coalition warplanes pound proGaddafi forces Tons of relief goods have been delivered to victims of Japan's catastrophic earthquake and tsunami from a dark corner of society the yakuza organized crime networks. Levels of radioactive materials soaring in sea near nuke plant Papers please ruled unconstitutional in Ireland 200,000 people across Germany take to the streets to protest nuclear power Today, an estimated 250k gathered to marched on London to protest against the spending cuts. Right now a hardcore are taking on big business and the police and taking direct action. Hamas states that it will agree to a ceasefire if Israel stops attacking the Gaza Strip.  Microsoft Compromises Users Privacy No HTTPS in Arab Countries, Iran Now hospitalized Japanese nuclear plant workers were exposed to 2 to 6 Sievert of radiation after stepping in a puddle of radioactive water The three workers who recently received radiation burns at the Fukushima Daiichi plant were  lowpaid and poorly trained temporary employees. Two of them were not wearing high boots, and their feet and ankles sustained radiation burns from the contaminated water. UN One million flee Cote d'Ivoire violence  West African country close to civil war, UN hears, while humanitarian officials warn of massive displacement. A gun was pointed at Sky News after a woman tried to tell foreign journalists about being raped and tortured by Libyan officials Is Syria reaching the point of no return? Mass protest against spending cuts breaks out in London Growing unrest on island of prisoners in Australia Canadians Protest in Montreal Demanding Immediate Actions Against The Violation of Human Rights in Bahrain, Libya, Yemen, and Saudi Arabia March 26  Libyan rebels reclaim Brega Libyan Woman Struggles to Tell Media of Her Rape Japan faces new setback in fight to avert disaster at Fukushima plant Prime minister urges vigilance after safety officials said break in nuclear reactor may have caused big radiation leak
 A serious leak of classified information has just taken place  senior Gadhafi aide was told to take bodies from a morgue and place them at the scene of the bomb damage. Will Eric Holder announce investigation to find out who is responsible for this leak? Canadian Government expected to fall Friday  France court finds Monsanto falsely advertised Roundup as being biodegradable and that it left the soil clean. Video of police shooting a 14yearold boy several times comes to light. We will be one of the strongest economies in the world  Swedish historian proposes full federal union of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Iceland by 2030. Such a union would number 25 million and have a GDP similar to that of Spain and India. Germany abolishes military conscription Tanker Breaks in Half on Rocks at Nightingale Island, 20,000 endangered Rockhopper Penguins may be oilcoated, and rats onboard have infested the formerly rodentfree island, which may be more damaging than the oil for the Penguins.  Egyptian decree bans strikes and protests, showing the real character of the military regime that now controls Egypt.  Germany's highest civil court ruled that Deutsche Bank should have warned its customers of the risks of an exotic investment product it sold in the runup to the financial crisis! Nothing to see here   Possible Reactor Core Leak in Fukushima  Possible breach of the No. 3 containment reactor vessel at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. This is the one with the plutonium fuel rods. As many as 1,000 bodies being removed from a mass grave in Zimbabwe  likely victims of waves of political violence that have wracked the country since 2000 Fukushima plants have 10X the nuclear fuel that Chernobyl had, and fallout is reaching similar levels seen in the 1986 disaster. Another Gurkha gets a medal  singlehandedly fought off 'at least' a dozen Taliban Scientists plan to drill all the way down to the Earth's mantle Canada's Harper government has toppled Syria 'ready to explode' as desperation grows Comodo on Certificate Authority attack ...All of the above leads us to one conclusion only that this was likely to be a statedriven attack Brazil town's Nazi twin mystery solved Japanese nuclear safety officials said Friday that they suspect that the reactor core at one unit of the troubled Fukushima nuclear power plant may have breached U.A.E. Commits Planes to Enforcing Libya NoFly Zone Africans want UN to act in Ivory Coast Amnesty International At least 55 protesters believed to have been killed in Syria Documents show that Jamal the son of  deposed Mubarak ordered  Sharm El Shiek bombing and the gas pipeline Video footage of five Brazilian police officers shooting a teenage boy at point blank range has emerged 7.0 Earthquake Hits Burma 25 dead in Syria and rising rapidly  government has 'declared war,' killing protesters INDISCRIMINATELY N.Korea's Kim Jongil sends $500,000 to quakehit Japan
 European governments  including Britain and France  sold Libya more than $470 million worth of weapons [in 2009], including fighter jets, guns and bombs ... the Obama administration was working to provide the Libyan dictator another $77 million in weapons Egyptian women protesters detained, tortured, forced to take virginity tests. Fukushima workers in hospital after radiation exposure Libyan rebels in Benghazi said they have created a new oil company to replace the national oil corporation  Iran hackers compromise partner account at SSL certificate company and obtain fraudulent SSL certificates for Skype, Gmail, Hotmail, and Yahoo email servers (among others); likely so they can spy on their own citizens Libyan army in possession of  one of the most lethal antiaircraft weapons available. Where did they come from? Ivory Coast wonders Where's our UN intervention? Fukushima Engineer Says He Covered Up Flaw at Shut Reactor No. 4 Massive Earthquake Strikes Thailand A new, muchdreaded, shortrange antiaircraft missile made in Russia has turned up in the hands of Libyan government forces. Unfortunately, Japan's nuclear crisis is far from over. Salt accumulation, coverups, destroyed piping, spentfuel fires, rising temps & radiation. African states call for tougher action on Ivory Coast from UN 500,000 already forced from their homes Wikileaks US diplomatic cables suggested Canadian TV seeks to twist current events to feed longstanding negative images of the US. Not really, say Canadian producers and officials  Swiss President Micheline CalmyRey has announced her country is developing a project to open up all crossings to the Gaza Strip, which has been suffocating for the last five years from an Israeli blockade. Human rights groups say that more than 100 people may have been killed when troops opened fire on a mosque in Syria Libyan Government takes reporters to find a house hit by Western air strikes and then they get 'lost' Nato takes over Libya nofly zone RSA SecurID Tokens Hacked, Australian Companies Vulnerable French warplanes have shot down a Libyan plane in the first incident of its kind since enforcement of the UN nofly zone began Syria at flashpoint, activists use social media to call for Friday protests; move comes after security forces stormed a mosque in Daraa town that left many dead UAE Dubai police have seized 16,000 Turkishmade pistols hidden in a sea cargo shipment bound for Yemen

 Airstrikes fail to deter Gaddafi forces Residents say forces loyal to the Libyan leader shell area near Misurata hospital as explosions are heard in Tripoli Israel passes new Nakba Law to punish public institutions for any reference to the Israeli occupation of Palestine in 1948 as a catastrophe or 'Nakba' Japanese man dons scuba suit and swims through tsunami to rescue wife Women not allowed to vote in Saudi elections Gaddafi's air force 'defeated'  BBC WikiLeaks How the Organization of the Islamic Conference took over the UN Human Rights Council Syrian forces raid mosque and open fire on protesters, kill 6 people First photos of socalled Fukushima Fifty the crew working around the clock to prevent a meltdown  Portuguese Prime Minister Resigns Neutron beam observed 13 times at crippled Fukushima nuke plant  so it means chain reaction was observed? That news about the 6 Libyan villagers shot during the rescue of the downed US pilots? Confirmed by the BBC and witnesses. FWIW Channel 4 News is a highly credible source and has been for decades. There is a small war starting along Gaza border Bahrain protest crackdown defended by European Union envoy 
EU foreign policy adviser Robert Cooper downplays violence against prodemocracy protesters saying 'accidents happen'  Hypocrite much? Canadians Protest in Ottawa Demanding Immediate Actions Against The Violation of Human Rights in Bahrain The Path of Protest Ever since a man in Tunisia burnt himself to death in December 2010 in protest at his treatment by police, prodemocracy rebellions have erupted across the Arab world. Germany weaning itself from nuclear power for good in the wake of Japans disaster Syrian forces 'open fire on protesters' Japan's Quake Damage May Swell to $309 Billion, Four Katrinas LIBYA Libya Rebels give Gadhafi supporters 24 hours to hand over weapons. Homes were raided, neighbors dragged off, suspects executed. They were accused of being reactivated by Gadhafi, like alQaida activates sleeper cells. Massacre in Daraa,Syria unknown number dead Following the Libyan money trail, they expected millions but found billions New law Cambodian women can't marry broke, older men  A foreign ministry officials explains the government wants to stamp out fake marriages and human trafficking and cites cases of Cambodian women used as slaves abroad. A NeoNazi from Victoria has been working as a private military contractor in Afghanistan. As Ivory Coast heads for civil war, thousands seek safety in Liberia. Tokyo water supply deemed unsafe for consumption by children after radioactive iodine exceeds limits Protesters in front of the Saudi Embassy in Ottawa demanding it halts the killing of the innocent including children, nurses, and doctors, and demanding it to leave Bahrain. (2nd Video) Canada's Government has for the first time in its history, been found in contempt of Parliament.  Religion may become extinct in nine nations, study says China is now cutting off phone calls midsentence when words like protest are used ExIsraeli president jailed for rape Moshe Katsav sentenced to seven years in jail for rape and other crimes US fighter jet crash lands in field near Benghazi. One pilot rescued by rebel soldiers, another rescued by US military forces. US jet crashes in eastern Libya. Locals queue up to shake the US pilots hand. Until a week ago, a tsunami was one of the most mysterious of natural events, its devastating power usually evident only in the aftermath. Yet from the first moments the earth started to shudder on March 11 [2011], Japan's tsunami was one of the most recorded disasters ever to be captured on film One aircraft conspicuous by its absence over the skies of Libya is the Air Force's vaunted F22 Raptor air dominance fighter. The Lockheed Martinbuilt jet was likely benched due to its inability to communicate with other coalition aircraft and its limited ability to hit ground targets... To safely enclose and robotically dismantle the 25yearold makeshift confinement sarcophagus at Chernobyl, contractors are now erecting a massive steel structure weighing more than 29,000 metric tons. Across the Arab world, freedom is now a prospect
 Turkey group plans new Gaza flotilla with at least 15 ships Japan crisis  They are desperate, they have no other food to eat, says a policeman guiding some emergency traffic at a nearby intersection. You could call it stealing, but we understand that at these times there is perhaps no other choice.  UK police planning to use new, untested kettling tactic to control the crowd in upcoming TUC massive anticuts protests on March 26  Lights restored at Japan nuclear reactor Libyan Rebels praise courage of Kamikaze pilot that killed Gaddafi's son Radiation 1,600x the norm 20km around the plant Explosions Rock Libyan Capitol Israel's military intelligence admits to monitoring international organizations. Israeli President Sentenced To 7 Years In Prison On Rape Charges Just a month before a powerful earthquake and tsunami crippled the Fukushima Daiichi plant at the center of Japans nuclear crisis, government regulators approved a 10year extension for the oldest of the six reactors at the power station despite warnings about its safety.  Satellite snaps extent of Japan's postquake blackout Ivory Coast UN warns of forgotten humanitarian crisis Olympic gymnastic legend Nikolai Andrianov (15 gold medals) dies at 58 Smoke spews from 2 reactors at Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant Wikileaks Indian lawmakers were paid millions of dollars to vote in favor of a civil nuclear deal with the U.S. War On Drugs has failed and should be abandoned 
in favour of evidencebased policies  former heads 
of MI5, CPS, BBC Per terrawatt/hour of energy generated, coal kills 161 people  compared to 0.04 deaths from nuclear Fukushima's 2 reactors under control after cooling functions restored Yemen's Military Joins Protesters after Friday Violence  President Saleh now Stands Alone Japan quake death toll passes 18,000  Worth Mentioning France/President Sarkozy spearheaded the UN resolution for the no fly zone, and were among the first to ready their planes. Total, the petrol company is French. Here's a wikileaks cable from 2009 about Total and Libya Pictures of the allied bombs destroying Qaddafi's forces Japanese fury at sensationalist foreign reporting of earthquake Private security firm in UK given police powers Google says China deliberately disrupted email service to thwart internet campaign for mideast style protests in China Japan The floodgate that didn't work to stop the tsunami [Video] Guatemalan president and wife divorce so that she can run for president. More than 8,000 Libyans killed in revolt rebel spokesman Artillery Shell lands next to Civilian Crowd in Misrata Mar 21  Regime claims ZERO civi casualties in western Libya Smoke Rising from Fukushima Reactors 2 and 3 (again)  Workers Evacuated Pending Evaluation Yemen President Fires Entire Cabinet ...now entering into some form of an end game. Double standard seen in Arab response to Libya Egyptians approve constitutional changes, paving way to new elections  A nuclear industry whistleblower who helped design protective containment vessels for reactors has attacked the Japanese government, its nuclear industry and regulators over their safety record. When the massive tsunami smacked into Fukushima Daiichi, the nuclear power plant was stacked high with more uranium than it was originally designed to hold Robert Gates, the US defence secretary, has said it would be unwise to have coalition forces try to kill Col Muammar Gaddafi in military strikes in Libya Abu Ghraib 2 New photos show US soldiers posing with dead body in Afghanistan Top Yemeni General announces he is joining the protests major blow for the regime. WikiLeaks cable links defecting Yemeni general to smuggling rackets Illegal Israeli settlers stab Palestinian in occupied West Bank Really sad news. Mohammed Nabbous (the guy in the video), founder of Libya AlHurra TV, who has been hosting a livestream from Benghazi has been shot dead. He leaves behind a young wife and unborn child. Wyclef Jean shot in Haiti BBC  Why is US backing force in Libya but not Bahrain, Yemen? The Arab League on Sunday criticized Western military strikes on Libya, a week after urging the United Nations to slap a nofly zone on the oilrich North African state. Woman 80, grandson 16 found under rubble in Japan after 9 days. Working overnight into Sunday, engineers have successfully restored power to cooling pumps in two reactors at the disabled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant US Fires Cruise Missiles at Libyan Air Defenses! Google accuses China of interfering with Gmail email system Gadafi supporter vow to be human shield for him...until phone start ringing telling them of UN missile attack really happened. After that they slowly run away... Gaddafi forces are in ruins after air strikes Protesters in libya drive through town with pile of dead mercenary's on the hood of their vehicle [NSFW] Gore While the Libyan revolution holds on by a thread, with hopes bolstered by international intervention, the movements for democratic change in Bahrain and Yemen have already been brutally put down. WAR French plane opens fire in Libya Opsss.. Syria, the country that 'expert' says less likely to revolt is catching democracy Flu, Thousand of people now is rising up against goverment...  Now Saudis take to the streets to demand the release of prisoners held without trial Bahrain and Yemen declare war on their protesters With 42 killed in Sanaa, regimes show they will keep power at any cost Fallout from Wikileaks Carlos Pascual resigns as U.S. ambassador to Mexico. Bahraini medics recount hospital horror Penalties for Forced Marriage Berlin Passes New Integration Measures In Bahrain, home of a US Naval fleet, hospitals are under siege as UStrained Saudi soldiers maintain Manama crackdown. Global economic forecasting company IHS Global Insight reported this week that China has now become the world leader in manufacturing output, ending Americas 110yearlong run as the worlds biggest manufacturer, according to published reports.  Fears of a 'counterrevolution' in Egypt. Activist says he is one of many beaten and tortured by police one month after Mubarak's ousting.  Venezuela's Chavez Denounces Military Action in Libya Libya why Col Gaddafi will fight to the bitter end 'Fukushima Fifty' cut off from family (concern more about information than radiation leaks)  b'Spanish music rights organization SGAE brings link site to court. Outcome if an individual uses P2P networks like eDonkey or BitTorrent to obtain copyright material for nonprofit reasons, the act is completely legal. Whoops!' b'Pepsi to pull drinks from schools worldwide' b'The New York Times again refers to settlements as suburbs and neighborhoods, omitting the fact that they are illegal under the Geneva Convention, as ruled upon by the World Court. Orwell was right, the biggest lie of all is omission.' b'Israel virtually destroyed a school in Gaza and now they refuse to allow it to be repaired. I guess Israels policy is to deny Palestinians education then mock them for being uneducated.' b'A great read from 1982 when Ronald Reagan threatened to impose sanctions on Israel for the Siege of Beirut.' b'To prove how tolerant they are of ethnic minorities, Turkey threatens to expel 100,000 Armenians' b'Dubai jail 2 Indians for sending text messages.  Judge says SMS showed they planned to commit sin i.e have extramarital sex.' Israeli Army Policy We will allow Palestinians to record stuff, because you know, we don't do anything that is bad, Reality IDF soldiers attempt to prevent filming for fear they will be caught doing something bad. Official Policy vs. Reality strikes again in Israel Does Israel's settlement expansion have the support of the American people?  Short Answer NO. Israel is not only doing the Islamic Resistance Movement's bidding  Washington is beginning to relate to the Netanyahu government as if it were Hamas b'U.S. general Petraeus IsraelPalestinian conflict foments antiU.S. sentiment' b' Game show contestants turn torturers in a new psychological experiment for French television, zapping a man with electricity until he cries for mercy  then zapping him again until he seems to drop dead.' b'In a Desert in China, a Trove of 4,000YearOld European Mummies' b'Construction workers for the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics have gone unpaid since December. Many are without food and forced to quit the job.' b'Chile Why were new buildings prone to destruction? Apartment owners are turning to legal action after their homes collapsed.' b'Pakistani court charges 5 Americans with terrorism' b'Brazil president steps between Israel and Iran The world leaders I spoke to believe that we must act quickly, otherwise Israel will attack Iran' Playboy accidentally played out on children's TV b' Riots rock Jerusalem as Hamas calls for new 'intifada'. Hundreds of Palestinians clashed with Israeli security forces across eastnJerusalem on Tuesday in the worst rioting in years as a senior Hamas leaderncalled for a new 'intifada,' or uprising.' Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel says she wants the eurozone to be able to exclude one of its members in future if that is necessary to avert a crisis. b'The children of Sialkot now toil in the local brickworks' b'Mexico urges US help in drug war ' b'Turkey PM says the country could deport up to 100,000 Armenians' Australian families have made serious allegations of corruption within Australia's intercountry adoption program with Ethiopia. b'Afghanistan Enacts Law That Gives War Criminals Blanket Immunity' b'Defying U.S., EU scraps Cuba sanctions' b'7 Terrible Abuses Suffered By Women Around The World' b'Dad reports son to police when he finds bullets, wanted son to go to prison for 2 years.' Dear Israel, Please don't attack Iran.  Thanks, An American Jew b'How Iran would retaliate if it comes to war' b'US Israeli military carried out Iran war practice drill' b'Martha Stewart denied Visa to Vist Britain' b'The UN Security Council has voted unanimously in favour of a resolution classifying rape as a weapon of war' b'Story of pure evil sevenyearold boy eaten by cannibal relatives' b'EU Lifts Sanctions on Cuba' b'Harrased Iran Student Arrested A female Iranian student who alleged she was sexually harassed by her university's vicechancellor is herself arrested.' b'Highland Sword dance ban due to new legislation designed to control the carrying of knives (France was like that before the revolution.)' b'Anglican Church Splits Over Gays, African Church Leaves Main Body' b'Pakistan Man sentenced to death for insulting Islam' b'Fattest nation in the world Australia' b'Israeli maltreatment of Palestinian captives and political prisoners has reached unprecedented levels of brutality, according to lawyers, human rights groups and newlyreleased prisoners.' b' Ahmadinejad says enemies tried to kill him in Iraq' b'ISRAEL MILITARY EXERCISE DIRECTED AT IRAN...' b'UN denounces rape as weapon of war' b'Chavez threatens to stop oil exports to Europe over treatment of immigrants' Japan gripped by 'poison gas' suicide epidemic... China's athletes pushing themselves to limit causing some to risk HEALTH... b'Park Manager in Peru Claims That Uncontacted Amazon Tribe is Not Threatened By Logging and Is Not Peruvian' IAF's Bombing Rehearsal On Iran, Reported. b'THAILAND Condom use not catching on among youth' Snowden I did not seek to enrich myself. I did not seek to sell US secrets. I did not partner with any foreign government to guarantee my safety. I took what I knew to the public, so what affects all of us can be discussed by all of us in the light of day, and I asked the world for justice. Northern Ireland Told it would get his grandpa into heaven, a 7 year old boy submitted to sex with a predatory Catholic priest  The defendant said that this was to get his grandfather into heaven and that if he told anyone it would not work Snowden documents could be 'worst nightmare' for U.S., if something bad happened to him After searching the Bolivian President's plane for Snowden, Morales says the US has hacked into his emails. South Fires Back At US Bully Repeated US attempts by the Bush and Obama administrations to bully the rest of the world into compliance, using a combination of military might and economic blackmail, are beginning to backfire and meet with moral resistance. Greenwald U.S. should be on its knees begging that nothing happens to Snowden South Korea's Asiana Airlines considering legal action against TV station, NTSB  Bogus pilot names, that phonetically spelled out phrases such as Something Wrong and We Too Low, were read during KTVU's noon broadcast Friday. Summary of 11 Shocking Things Snowden Has Taught Us (So Far) Snowden revelations stir up antiUS sentiment the selfconfessed National Security Agency leaker has managed to orchestrate a very different political phenomenon the biggest bout of antiAmericanism since the Iraq war Egypt 'freezes assets' of Muslim Brotherhood leaders Iran's presidentelect signals he's on young people's side Presidentelect Hassan Rouhani says he wants less government control in Iran over women's dress, the Internet and mixing of the sexes. Colombian judge says gay couple can marry Turkish prime minister's new chief adviser There is work going on in many centres in the world to kill Erdoan from afar through methods like telekinesis 'It was a kill mission' independent Bin Laden panel contradicts US claims Genes a reason poor kids struggle at school, says Australian government report US Officials Israel targeted Russianmade missiles in Syria Pablo Picasso's stepdaughter said 407 works by the late Spanish artist were stolen from her chateau in southern France Italian investigators have opened an inquiry into claims by a convicted paedophile priest that an underage prostitution ring has been operating inside the Holy Roman Church with clergymen hiring rentboys for sex inside churches Q&A with Glenn Greenwald Americans reaction surprising and gratifying Al Jazeera's Awful Week How the voice of Arab freedom became a shill for Egypt's Islamists. Morales says US hacked Bolivian leaders' emails Southern Europe Is Becoming One Big Surveillance State Burma risks becoming 'the next Rwanda' as violence grows The White House is turning up the pressure on Moscow over Snowden. Will it make any difference? Spain's Running Of The Bulls Ended With A Horrific Pileup In Front Of The Bullring Entrance Reykjavk to end sister cities relationship with Moscow because of gay rights violations in Russia 19 yearold Hacker Reveals How Brazil's Elections Were Rigged Linguist Finds a Language in Its Infancy  the language, called Warlpiri rampaku, created by children, is spoken only by people under 35 in Lajamanu, an isolated village in Northern Australia Heroic effort at great personal cost Edward Snowden nominated for Nobel Peace Prize Hundreds of centuriesold trees chopped down to make room for the Pope's visit in Brazil Slavery is a $32bn global industry, so why aren't we following the money trail? Britain to use secret evidence in court The Justice and Security Act 2013 (JSA) came into force this month. The key provision contained within the legislation creates a new judicial procedure which will permit the use of secret evidence in any civil trial in the UK. EU Commissioner We Dont Want U.S. Reading Our Mail and Listening to Our Phone Calls Israeli PM threatens to attack Iran 'World's Oldest Calendar' Discovered in Scottish Field  It's thousands of years older than previous known formal timemeasuring monuments created in Mesopotamia. It is remarkable to think our aerial survey helped find the place where time itself was invented. China aims to quadruple solar power generating capacity within two years Poland bans Kosher slaughter of animals. Ethical or Intolerant? Australias largest telco stored data for FBI NHS Hit for Millions by Overcharging Scam  Drug companies exploit loophole in the law to hike prices by as much as 2,000% Police continued to fire Tasers at chests  despite cardiac arrest warnings Gay marriage clears the House of Lords The Arab spring has it failed? Roughly twoandahalf years after the revolutions in the Arab world, not a single country is yet plainly on course to become a stable, peaceful democracy Saudi Arabia has built missile launch pads that target both Iran and Israel with ballistic missiles 4 senior executives from pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline are being held by Chinese police on suspicion of bribery China naval fleet seen off northern Japan US blocks crackdown on tax avoidance by net firms like Google and Amazon; US forced the watering down of tough new international tax reform rules How International Justice Is Being Gutted Critics accuse one judge of creating legal precedents that make it impossible to convict senior commanders for human rights abuses. Italian senator says black minister has 'features of orangutan' Intelligence agencies suspect that the wellestablished drug cartels in China's Xinjiang province pushing fake currency into India with the help of Pakistan spy agency ISI. Racist attacks on the rise in Greece Violence against foreigners and immigrants are on the rise in Greece, as the country suffers from a recent economic downturn and increased violent activity from suspected neoNazis. Media Continues to Focus on Snowden Rather Than the Information He's Revealed India bans captive dolphin shows, says dolphins should be seen as nonhuman persons A German man who called on Facebook friends concerned about American secret service operations to join him in a walk around a US army spy centre near his home, found secret service men at his door checking his political leanings. The European Union has banned its 28 member states from signing agreements with Israel without an explicit exclusion of Jewish settlements Long term Chinese government official has anonymously revealed himself as an ethnic Tibetan and is writing a book exposing Chinese atrocities in Tibet Leader of Mexico's Zetas drug cartel captured HSBC Leaker Banks 'Make Selves Rich at Expense of Society'  What we certainly don't need are governments telling us what is good for us Putin blames Snowdens stateless situation on America Notorious Holocaustdenier David Irving is planning to visit Berlin in September  but may have to sleep on a friend's a couch, and hold his meeting in a livingroom, as hotels in the German capital have united to boycott him. North Korean missile material seized passing through Panama Canal, president tweets proof Irish Catholic Nun organisations behind enslavement of women over decades refuse to pay damages to victims For those that want to see the full documents that Snowden released. Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline allegedly ringleader of the sexual bribery scandal in China Panama seizes North Korean ship carrying weapons  vessel's captain attempted suicide after it was stopped near the Panama Canal Putin US has locked Snowden in Russia by scaring other countries Anyone Traveling Into The UK Can Have Their Phones Seized And Data Downloaded Without Cause NeoNazi and black metal musician Varg Vikernes arrested in France on suspicion of planning a terrorist attack The Canadian Maritimes says no to domestic abuse, Sponsors pull out from Chris Brown concert Putin ordered snap military exercise, which has involved about 160,000 servicemen, 5,000 tanks and armored vehicles, 130 aircraft and 70 Pacific Fleet warships Snowden officially requests asylum in Russia  lawyer Fukushima nuclear plant leaking contaminated water into the ocean Spains Premier Refuses to Resign in Fraud Scandal Russia holds biggest war games in decades. 'Russia has launched its biggest military maneuvers since Soviet times, involving 160,000 troops and about 5,000 tanks across Siberia and the far eastern region' Nuns say they will not pay Magdalene compensation Mexican marines capture the Zeta's drug lord Norwegian rape victim sentenced to 1 year and 4 months of prison in Dubai for sex outside of marriage. Queen gives royal assent to samesex marriage legislation; gay marriage now legal in England and Wales Samesex marriage legalized in England, Wales Li Jianxin, a Chinese whistleblower, was rammed by a car, blinded with acid, and deprived of two of his fingers. Russia bursts into top five strongest economies, replacing Germany EU to abandon net neutrality  The new rule would undo the EU's previous policy of ensuring socalled network neutrality  a principle which states that ISPs must not give any content preferential treatment and that any video, article or web page should get just as much bandwidth as another. Shark Finning and Over Fishing. More people need to understand how much of a problem this is. 12 people are killed each year by sharks, but an estimated 11,417 sharks are killed EVERY HOUR. US surveillance becomes election issue in Germany  creates political turbulence for Merkel Shark Finning Banned By EU U.S. to Russia Turn over Snowden or risk 'longterm problems' Samesex marriage set to enter UK law later this week 19 children die, more sick after eating free lunch in Indian primary school, official says Israel among most corrupt of OECD countries Approximately 5,000 Syrians are dying each month, and an average of 6,000 people flee the country every day, UN officials reported Tuesday. Since the war began, nearly 93,000 people are dead, and 1.8 million have fled. Israel set to approve over 900 new settlement homes in West Bank Stolen paintings Matisse, Picasso, Monet and Gauguin burnt by thieves because they wouldn't sell, suspects' mom says Britain's Chemical Sales To Syria Revealed  Britain has approved more than 12bn in military sales to countries it condemns for human rights abuses, including Syria. Putin says U.S. ties more important than Snowden US drone strike killed key alQa'ida leader Saeed alShihri in Yemen Winner of $3.2million at age 16 now has $3000 left 10 years later Petty police corruption shown in the UK, as officer's exgirlfriend is harassed with false accusations U.N. officials say 5,000 people a month are being killed in Syria  flight of refugees worst since Rwanda genocide Tibetans lose patience after 50 years of peaceful protest Canadian First Nations people were used as test subjects for malnutrition experiments without their knowledge Catholic school expels school girl who was raped during school trip. School says she broke curfew and had been drinking alcohol The Pirate Bay founder is raising money for spyproof messaging app Expert calls for marijuana to be legalised to reduce harm of binge drinking in teens Congress derails Obama plans to arm Syrian rebels In a landmark judgement, Indian Supreme Court has said people convicted of crime cannot hold parliamentary positions Spain Admits U.S. Behind Rumor Snowden Was Aboard Bolivian Jet Photographer films his own death by sniper in Egypt. (GRAPHIC.) Japan officials mistakenly reveal internal memos  They used the wrong privacy settings for Google Groups online discussions, allowing anyone to see internal memos, including over 6,000 cases of info from public or private organizations, among them, hospital records. The reality is that the engine of corruption is driven by our international banking system, the problem of anonymous shell companies, and the secrecy we afford to big oil, gas and mining operations.  Chairman Gooch Over 37 Million Dead Bees Killed In Ontario Due To Suspected Neonicotinoid Pesticides, Which Are Banned In The EU Nudists in France demand change in law, saying they are being criminalized and treated as sex offenders just for taking clothes off Mission creep Australian local council intercepted phone, email data to hunt litterbugs Activist films evidence of horrendous animal conditions at alberta zoo, owner calls activist domestic terrorist Egypt Muslim Brotherhood Gunmen Open Fire On Church, Third Attack On Christians In 24 Hours Saudi Arabia approves $5 billion aid package to Egypt Finnish minister of interior encourages people to obey the Bible instead of the law Egypt issues arrest warrant for Muslim Brotherhood leader on charges of inciting violence in Cairo when 51 died. Parts installed upside down caused Russian rocket to explode last week Unapproved GM rice found in US exports to over 30 countries Gay youth club shooter, who killed 2 and injured 11 in Tel Aviv Israel, said he did it because of the biblical edict to attack homosexuals Exclusive US bankrolled antiMorsi activists In the Philippines, masturbation is murder. Australian [Vic] local council accessed phone, email metadata to hunt litterbugs & unregistered pet owners Canadian authorities have found evidence that a train that crashed in LacMegantic, Quebec, was tampered with. BBC News  Egypt Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohammed Badie arrest ordered Chile 11yearold pregnant rape victim banned from getting abortion, even though doctors say that the pregnant girl's health is in danger. The Catholic countrys conservative government has opposed lifting the ban on abortion numerous times in the past. Russia Says It Will Arrest Openly Gay Tourists US allies Mexico, Brazil, Colombia and Chile have joined other Latin American nations in demanding answers from Washington over spying allegations. Diplomats cry foul as Obama donors take over top embassy jobs Snowden I never gave any information to Chinese or Russian governments Londons police spend over $16,000 per day to stake out Julian Assange World Service Authority has issued a world citizen passport for Edward Snowden Saudi princess arrested in California human trafficking investigation Pope Francis overhauled the laws that govern the Vatican City State, criminalizing leaks of Vatican information and specifically listing sexual violence, prostitution and possession of child pornography as crimes against children that can be punished by up to 12 years in prison Putin sends a signal Russian lawyer who exposed police corruption and was beaten to death by the police he accused, is convicted of tax fraud by Russia after his death. Kremlin turns back to typewriters to avoid security leaks Police investigate 'United Stasi of America' artist We aired lies Al Jazeera staff quit over misleading Egypt coverage Horrifying accounts of a massacre of Muslim students by Buddhists in Myanmar. Laser show on the US embassy in Berlin United Stasi of America Mexican president says possible U.S. spying 'totally unacceptable' Sales of adult diapers surpass baby diapers in aging Japan Parched Jordan to Start Pumping from 300,000YrOld Aquifer  Problem is, 2008 study by Duke University shows the water has 20 times more radiation than is safe, with radium content that could trigger cancers. But the govt has brushed aside those concerns. Julian Assange stakeout at Ecuadorean embassy costs Met police 3.8m (so far); MP cites misallocation as ridiculous waste of time & resources Man aged 23 dies after Manchester police shoot him with Taser India is 'ready to use' Blackberry message intercept system Blackberry is ready to provide the Indian authorities with a way to intercept consumers' messages sent and received on its platform. Chinese police say employees of drug maker GlaxoSmithKline bribed doctors, hospitals BMW said China will surpass the U.S. this year as its No. 1 market Infighting threatens Egypt transition plan, army orders arrests Anonymous hactivists reveal files of corrupt governing party in Spain France to stop the Threestrikes law. Canadians win $250,000 dollar prize for first human powered helicopter. The prize has been unclaimed for 33 years. Edward Snowden calls meeting with Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch at Sheremetyevo airport 'US officials are preventing me claiming asylum' Russian lawmakers say Snowden deserves Nobel Peace Prize Snowden No actions I take or plan are meant to harm the US...I want the US to succeed., Asks for political asylum in Russia Snowden watch Todays MoscowHavana flight taking a very unusual detour that avoids U.S. airspace. Currently over the Atlantic. Telstra storing data on behalf of US government 'The data Telstra stored for the US government includes the actual content of emails, online messages and phone calls.' Irish government passes legislation to allow for an abortion if a womans life is at risk, including from suicide. Amnesty International Having seen the evidence, the US should immediately drop the Aiding the Enemy charge against WikiLeaks source Bradley Manning Happening now Minutebyminute LIVE coverage of Snowden's meeting with human rights groups. Corrupt Zimbabwe hospital charged women in labor $5 for every scream. Average annual income is only $150 so many give birth at home; eight women die during childbirth every day in Zimbabwe. Edward Snowden requests human rights groups meeting Turkey's Protests Won't Die Like Occupy Wall Street Did Tired of helping CIA? Quit Facebook, Venezuela minister urges Hubble telescope spots azure blue planet where it rains glass Experts advise Snowden fly commercial Al Qaeda kills Free Syrian Army commander FSA spokesman Saudi princess posts $5million bail, will be freed Edward Snowden to meet human rights groups Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch at Moscow airport Fri 7/12/13 US ships F16s to Egypt as military intensifies crackdown Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai is to address the United Nations as part of her campaign to ensure free compulsory education for every child. Media Disinformation 22 Resignations at Al Jazeera over proMuslim Brotherhood bias Egypt coverage. Saudi, UAE and Kuwait provide $12 bil to Egypt, delighted at army's ousting of President Mohamed Mursi A young woman stoned to death for having a cell phone after ruling by a Panchayat The wheels are coming off the whole of southern Europe Thousands of workers across Brazil walked off their jobs in a peaceful nationwide strike demanding better working conditions We're here to demand that Dilma follows through on her promises UN human rights chief says whistleblowers need protection One step forward, two steps backward Egypt's new constitution declares Islam state religion, and Shariah as the basis for law. A 20yearold college student was gangraped and set on fire in India. Shockingly, the police not only refused to register the case but also blames victim of setting herself ablaze and lying S. American states to withdraw ambassadors from Europe over Bolivian plane incident Malala Yousafzai, teen shot by Taliban to U.N. The extremists were afraid of education. That is why they're blasting schools every day. Because they're afraid of progress, afraid of change. Let us pick up our books and our pens. They are our most powerful weapons. Education is the only solution. In her first speech since Taliban tried to kill her for advocating education for girls, Malala Yousafzai celebrated her 16th birthday at the UN, appealing for compulsory free schooling for all children. One child, one teacher, one pen and one book can change the world... Container ship breaks in two in the Indian Ocean. 7000 containers lost. Turkey redefines armed forces' duties  only to defend against external threats. Wikipedia Fears That Russian AntiPiracy Law Could Shut Them Down  The new legislation allows copyright holders to have websites blocked if they link to infringing material. Wikipedia has millions of hyperlinks to content that may or may not be authorized. Snowden Affair Dampens USLatin American Ties Colombia demands answers on U.S. spying as Latin America seethes Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire at London Heathrow Airport 'Many hurt' in France train crash Australian chief scientist act now, or expect deadly 'postantibiotics era' Egypt Punishes the Palestinians  Egypt is allowed to strangle the entire Gaza Strip and deny its people food and fuel, especially on the eve of the holy fasting month of Ramadan, but one hardly hears about these antiPalestinian measures they are being carried out by an Arab country, not by Israel Obama Administration Accuses Russia of Giving Snowden Propaganda Platform Two Saudis sentenced to eight and nine years in prison for protesting monarchy 80 Acres of Ancient Woodland in Kent to be Destroyed for Quarry Site  Hermitage quarry to extend into Oaken Wood, the subject of a fierce planning battle. With just 2% ancient woodland cover remaining, we can not afford to lose any more. Rail boss scapegoats LacMgantic, Quebec train driver. Chairman Ed Burkhardt was met by a public outraged by MMAs negligence and its efforts to blame others for Canadas worst railway disaster in more than a century. Mayor in Quebec admitted to killing kittens [translation in comments] Obama speaks with Putin on Snowden, but no sign of movement 75% of the World's Mining Companies Are Based in Canada U.S. to buy Russianmade choppers for Afghanistan despite Assad ties Malala's Forgotten Sisters; Girls as young as 5 are still being sold into marriage in Pakistan. And no one will stop it. Suicide bomber kills 33 as Iraqis play Ramadan game in Kirkuk cafe History Channel's documentary on Echelon, the NSA's top secret, worldwide, warrantless spy system that has been around for decades b'U.K. to Begin Microchipping Prisoners' Pensioner, 81, ordered to remove flat cap as he has a quiet pint  because it's a security risk Mugabe's men bring rape and torture to Harare suburbs b'Vietnam Lingering effects of Agent Orange' b'The Lisbon Treaty and the massive contempt of the ruling class for British voters' b'Venezuela Threatens to Cease Oil Sales to EU' UN warns attack on Iran will spark 'fireball' in Middle East  b'UNICEF severs ties with Israeli mogul over his funding of settlement building in the Palestinian territories.' b'UK Freedom Of Information A third of all Freedom of Information requests rejected' The US has lost its throne as the world's fattest nation... b' Iran says Israel a dangerous regime' b'Israeli jet exercise is warning to Iran over nuclear facilities, Pentagon says' Israelis 'rehearse Iran attack' b'Thai PM to face noconfidence vote' b'Nigerian rebels ask foreign workers to leave oil installations' Aboriginal leaders have threatened to ban tourists from one of Australia's top landmarks in protest at what they describe as racist government policies Israeli warplanes have conducted what U.S. intelligence analysts say was a dress rehearsal for a strike against Iran's nuclear facilities UK tops world table of weapons sales  Controversial deal with Saudi Arabia catapults Britain to top of last year's world arms export league b'The 'Surgical ReVirgin' Retrofitting women to make them sexually attractive and marriageable is more than a Hollywood fad. It's life or death for many.' b'Turkey Thousands demonstrate against bid to ban ruling party which has been accused of trying to install an Islamist regime' b'12 dead in stampede in Mexico ' Judge's statement halts Euro treaty ratification in UK b'This is your captain speaking there will be a threehour delay in our arrival in New Delhi because the runway is invested with meterlong lizards, antelope and hyenas' Militias Rule Nigeria's Oil Output; President Yar'Adua Speculates on Nuclear Energy Pres. Jimmy Carter defends Snowden, also says America has no functioning democracy. Could only find this on German news sites, not American Peru to Provide Free Solar Power to its 2 Million Poorest Citizens Brazil's Army Moves To Protect Indigenous Aw Tribe By Halting Illegal Logging They're known by some as Earth's Most Threatened Tribe, but now Brazil's indigenous Aw population is getting help from a powerful force  the national army. Stolen paintings of Picasso, Matisse, Monet and others, worth approximately $200mln, burned by Romanian woman to destroy evidence against her son 19 of the 22 children who died after eating a tainted free school meal in India's Bihar state have been buried in and around the school grounds. Angry parents say they want the graves to serve as a reminder that the children died due to state negligence Soccers global body FIFA lost a fight to block free TV access to World Cup matches after the European Unions highest court said top matches involving national teams should be available to all viewers if governments insist Asian arrested for filming UAE man beating Indian driver in Dubai The Drone that Killed my Grandson EU's decision on Israel like 'a bucket of cold water on the head of a drunk' The European Union has at last lost patience with Israel's refusal to comply with international law over settlements. In the '40s and '50s the Canadian government intentionally withheld rations and vitamin supplements from hungry aboriginal children to see how starvation affects the body. Husband and wife jailed for attacking Sikh taxi driver and ripping off his turban Russian Opposition Leader Alexei Navalny Jailed for 5 Years Rules Change on Olympic Marijuana Testing  World AntiDoping Agency amended its rules on cannabis, raising threshold for a positive test from 15 nanograms per milliliter to 150 ng/ml to distinguish in competition use from use taking place well before events Russian opposition leader Navalny found guilty of theft Allowing abortions in cases of fatal foetal abnormalities would be depriving future Special Olympics athletes of being born India's Supreme Court orders curb on sales of acid in attempt to reduce attacks on women Sorry is not enough Bolivia demands EU find culprits behind aerial hijack Indian principal on the run after 22 students die from school lunches A Malaysian couple known for a sexually explicit blog have been charged with sedition after they caused outrage by posting a Ramadan greeting on Facebook which showed them eating pork. More Dubai Injustice Man who uploaded government official assault video arrested Russian protest leader guilty of embezzlement Judge finds Alexei Navalny, a critic of Vladimir Putin, guilty of colluding to steal $500000 from a timber company. Navalny had always claimed the trial was political to try to stop his rise in popularity and his challenging of Putin for political power Canadian gore website owner charged with corrupting morals for hosting dismemberment video Tunisia Artists 'targeted for offending morals' Artists in Tunisia are increasingly finding themselves in the dock for offending morals as Islamist influence grows, it seems. Taliban writes a letter to Malala Yousafzai explaining why they shot her in the head Asian arrested for putting up video of Dubai man beating Indian A former CIA station chief has been arrested in Panama, and faces extradition to Italy where he has already been sentenced to 9 years in prison for his involvement in the extraordinary rendition of a terror suspect. 98% of murders in Mexico last year went unsolved Woman sues head of Japans largest mafia group, demanding return of protection money. Almost 800 people have died so far in Britain's heatwave. Temperatures above 30C for sixth day running Boy raped in broad daylight attack because 'his phone wasn't good enough to steal' Camera off, or I'll shoot , he said  Freedom of press in Germany ended for cameraman across from the U.S. consulate in Frankfurt Jailed Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny released after massive protests supporting him No warming for 17 years you say? June 2013 was the 340th consecutive month of aboveaverage global temperatures. Top US Military Officer America Is Considering Entering Syrian War G20 Backs Plan to Curb Tax Evasion by Large Corporations Japan's government on Friday gave its seal of approval to the world's first clinical trials using stem cells harvested from a patient's own body. Paypal founder invents 4000mph train Elon Musks train will use vaccuum power to speed from London to Beijing in 2 hours Controversial comic Frankie Boyle in hunger strike to support Shaker Aamer  the last British detainee in Guantnamo Bay Australia announces Papua New Guinea asylum deal People arriving by boat to seek asylum will no longer be resettled in Australia but will go to Papua New Guinea, Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has announced. Monsanto drops bid to have GM crops approved in Europe  We will no longer be pursuing approvals for cultivation of new biotech crops in Europe EU officially publishes settlement guidelines despite Israeli objections Hitting Chinas Wall. To put it crudely, its running out of surplus peasants. (Krugman) Norwegian woman was assaulted and raped on a businesstrip to Dubai. When she went to the police to press charges, she instead was convicted of having sex outside marrige, now facing 16 months in jail. Britain Reveals 50% Tax Break for Fracking Firms  Its fledgling shale gas industry will get a major boost today as it cuts taxes on fracking profits to less than 1/2 the amount paid by conventional oil & gas producers. Woman (24) reported rape in Dubai Sentenced to 16 months in prison After a Girl was raped for two days Delhi police refused to register a case and instead assaulted and broke bones of the people who wanted to file an FIR. The Norwegian town of Rjukan is located deep in a valley floor and is completely deprived of direct sunlight 5 months a year. So the city is spending about $835,000 to install 3 large mirrors on the sides of nearby mountains to redirect light rays directly into to the towns main square. Britain abandons plans to arm Syrian rebels Russian mobile operators say 'nyet!' to Apple, 'da!' to Samsung All three top carriers have discontinued iPhone PAKISTAN Yet ANOTHER acid attack as an abused woman tries to flee her husband Iranian Court Upholds Death Sentence for Software Designer Canadian resident  arrested while visiting his ailing father  is charged with insulting the sanctity of Islam and corruption on earth, because his photouploading software was used by a porn website without his knowledge  Nobel peace prize jury under investigation over accusations they have drifted away from the prize's original selection criteria N. Korea is open to talks with S. Korea Call Us Nazis If It Makes You Happy  

When Germany asserts its interests, as in the euro crisis, critics invoke its Nazi past. How to react? We must not let ourselves be intimidated. A friendly imperviousness, an unoffended rebuff, are the most judicious responses Chevron refuses to apologize in Ecuador pollution case so $18 billion damage award stands Honour killings unIslamic, fatwa declares in wake of Shafia trial Blast hits gas pipeline connecting Egypt, Israel & Jordan Syria releases the 7/7 'mastermind  He has been released as a warning to the US and Britain about the consequences of turning their backs on President alAssads regime Saudi women ask courts to take up their lawsuits against the ban on female driving  No laws prohibit them from driving, but religious edicts have banned it & officials comply. Among those filing is Manal alSherif, who was detained for nearly 2 weeks after posting a video of herself driving.

 France Googles Free Map Service Unfair To Commercial Map Sellers Court ordered Google to pay 500,000 Euros to local map company for unfair practices that constitute an abuse of the dominant position of its Google Maps application. Tens of thousands brave Moscow cold to protest against Putin India tells Britain We don't want your aid  Telegraph  Syria UN veto gives Assad licence to kill  opposition Egyptian police incited massacre at stadium, say angry footballers 1,000 prisoners in Kyrgyzstan sew their mouths shut in protest. Fidel Castro launches his memoirs Guerrilla of Time Assad's forces free to bomb dissenters as Russia and China veto UN resolution Scores of people in the Syrian opposition stronghold Homs are killed while thousands join protests around the world Alexander Yellin became famous a decade ago for the song he wrote that became the anthem of Vladimir Putin, praising him as the perfect Russian man. But now, as Putin runs for reelection and his popularity wanes, Yellin has written the anthem of the antiPutin crowds Murders soar in Brazil city during police strike Cairo street battles enter fourth day  Tax office in capital set on fire amid continuing anger at authorities' failure to prevent Port Said football violence. Carnival cruise ship passengers struck with virus Fidel Castro publishes his 1000 page memoir in two volumes In a Dispute That Tests European Rules to Protect Ecosystems, Plans to Foul Falmouth Bay by Digging a Channel for Giant Cruise Liners has Residents Split  A decision to dredge may lead to relaxation of EU rules governing other UK habitats. Others say it'll create jobs & add tourists.  'The Arab Spring Is Coming to China'  North Korean central government pitting two branches of the secret police against each other in order to root out political dissidents Marietje Schaake As a Member of the European Parliament, I very much welcome the increased attention ACTA has received in the past weeks. It has taken a while for massive outcry to emerge, but we are seeing protest voices getting louder and louder  We Need Copyright Reform, Not ACTA!

    
     European Commission inadvertently reveals that ACTA will indeed bring censorship to the Internet Poland freezes acta ratification Muslim family jailed for life after 'despicable' honour killing of three teen daughters who dared to date boys.
 Swedes out in force to protest ACTA  Syria Over 200 dead  after 'massacre' in Homs.  Friday evening shelling by security forces on eve of UN vote on removal of Bashar alAssadr Tens of thousands of people are marching in Russia's capital Moscow in protest at Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's grip on power Following the growing ACTA protests in Europe and signs of US meddling, Poland's PM makes it clear that Poland will not ratify ACTA for the time being, leading to speculation that the EU may not actually join ACTA  Jerusalem's Armenians outraged as city approves Jewsonly parking lot in Old City Isotopes hint at North Korean nuclear test. Data 
suggest that the country has experimented with a 
fusion boost to its fission weapons At least 217 Syrian protesters killed in Homs Europe is too emotional about fracking, says Shell chief  China and Russia veto UN resolution condemning Syria Canadian Muslim jailed for using the words blow away in a text message Expert claims that 16 million Chinese women are married to gay men Japanese Government wages war against Yakuza Fox Flub Russian Vostok Lake Scientists Safe Tunisia plans to expel Syrian ambassador, end recognition of Assads regime BBC News  Oldest woman in Cuba celebrates her 127th birthday Unrest in Tibet leads China to cut off internet and mobile phone service in a 30 sq mile radius.  'Scores dead' in fighting in Syria's Homs Activists say hundreds killed or injured as government forces use tanks and machine guns in central city. Ahmadinejad Iran to increase military spending by more than two fold Petrodollar pumping US policy on Iran, backfire looms. US 'disgust' as Russia and China veto UN Syria resolution At least 105 people killed in Syria's Homsrights group
| Agricultural Commodities
| Reuters Lake Vostok surface reached The last World War I veteran has died. UK Government 'may sanction nerveagent use on rioters'. Honour killings unIslamic, ... fatwa declares in wake of Shafia trial  Iran defaults on rice payments to India Japan population to shrink by a third by 2060 Lead Poisoning 'Worst in Modern History'  
A lead poisoning epidemic in Nigeria has killed 400 children & affected thousands, but cleanup hasn't even begun in many areas Syria Homs attack is a gamechangerThe onslaught in Syria marks a new chapter in which further bloodshed appears inevitable. The network of trolls, journalists and bloggers paid to ensure flattering coverage of Vladimir Putin RAF helicopter death revelation leads to secret Iraq detention camp Live feed from Syria gives window into violent crackdown, shows shelling and gunfire in Homs. Met Police unlawfully failed to warn victims of News of the World phone hacking
 President of Maldives Steps Down After Police Coup Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar and the UAE Recall Ambassadors From Syria, Expel Syrian Diplomats Turkey is preparing a new initiative with those countries who oppose the Syrian government, Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday, describing Chinas and Russias veto of a U.N. resolution on Syria a fiasco. Britain was forced to plead with the US to take part in the flotilla challenging Iranian power in the Gulf after American commanders decided the Royal Navy had nothing to contribute to the mission. Olive glut puts skids under oil producers at risk. A second bumper harvest could see Spanish farmers driven from the land they have worked for generations
 Another European government falls amidst eurocrisis Romania's government collapsed  the latest European government to give way amid popular resentment toward austerity measures It's Time To End the Greek Rescue Farce There is a widespread belief that Germany is the big winner of the euro crisis, as investors stash their money in the euro zone's last safe haven, driving interest rates on German bonds down to record lows. But the idea is just a myth. Indeed, the crisis could end up costing Berlin dearly. Irish Urge Children to Leave Amid Job Losses In Syria, a oncequiet village tips into revolution  Anadan, in the shadow of Syria's secondlargest city, has expelled Bashar Assad's forces. It's another tug on the tightrope the president is walking. Latin America's growing taste for whisky  The whisky business gets a boost from Latin America's new middleclass.
 Are NGOs fanning unrest in Egypt? As rights groups come under scrutiny over foreign funding, we ask if the ruling military is hunting for a scapegoat. French airport workers strike over right to strike  Hundreds of striking aviation workers gathered outside Pariss main airports Monday to protest against a draft law designed to protect passengers from industrial action, which they say threatens their right to strike.  Passengers at airports across Australia will be forced to undergo fullbody scans or be banned from flying under new laws to be introduced this week. Sarkozy ally says all civilisations not equal  French interior minister stands by his remarks as critics denounced his comments as dangerous and xenophobic. Ignoring a U.S. threat to cut off aid, Egypt on Sunday [5 February 2012] referred 19 Americans and 24 other employees of nonprofit groups to trial before a criminal court on accusations they illegally used foreign funds to foment unrest in the country. BBC News  Three Tibetans have set fire to themselves in southwest China, reports say, in the latest apparent protest against rule from Beijing. U.S. Closes embassy in Syria A new taste for eating elephant meat  everything from trunks to sex organs  has emerged in Thailand and could pose a new threat to the survival of the species. Google, Facebook take down 'offensive' India content  The firms have pulled down web pages deemed offensive to Indian political and religious leaders, in compliance with a court directive issued during an ongoing civil lawsuit against more than 20 Internet giants.
 Romania's government resigns following protests North Korea using old, USmade drones N. Korea recently bought several US MQM107D Streakers from a Middle Eastern nation that appears to be Syria, and is developing unmanned attack aircraft based on them. China is buying up companies in Europe and tip toeing around the euro debt. Very Sun Tzu indeed.  China orders airlines not to pay Europe for carbon emissions Norway Mass Killer Decries Cultural Destruction   Anders Behring Breivik, who killed 77 people in Norway, said Monday his massacre was necessary to prevent his country's cultural destruction. Facebook and Google remove 'offensive' India content Syrian and Libyan demonstrators hurled rocks, eggs and tomatoes at the Chinese embassy in Tripoli on Monday, after Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution backing an Arab plan urging Syria's President Bashar alAssad to give up power Russia's Line In The Sand  


Why Russia won't support UN condemnation of Syria's President Assad. Not just solidarity among autocrats. Russia feels that it got burnt over Libya. It doesn't trust the Syrian opposition. And it trusts the US even less Alberto Contador handed twoyear ban for doping and is stripped of 2010 Tour de France title by the CAS ACTA Europe braced for protests over antipiracy treaty (xpost r/evolutionreddit)  Beijings South China Sea Gamble  If China is right, then there is enough oil under the South China Sea to feed global consumption for several years. But Beijing may be making an aggressive bet on the wrong horse.
 6th Feb 'They are still picking up the bodies' Direct report from Homs in Syria Czech government just suspended process of ACTA ratification Why India chose Rafale Google, Facebook pull web pages on order from India, which deemed content antireligious, or antisocial USGS 6.8 quake strikes off coast of Philippines' 3rdlargest island  CNN.com US closes embassy in Damascus, evacuates personnel Mega Snow Storm Leaves 33,000 Without Power In Rome, And Food Supplies Are Running Low. Acta goes too far, says MEPKader Arif, the lead Acta negotiator in the European Parliament, says Acta potentially cuts access to lifesaving generic drugs and restricts online freedom Disgraced British banker loses his knighthood Poland 'may not ratify ACTA' (xpost R/evolutionReddit) The Nobel Peace Prize committee under investigation for not following Nobels original intentions contained in his will. As tensions rise, Iranians fear that they're on the road to war with U.S. Saudi Oil Minister Calls Global Warming Humanitys Most Pressing Concern A review has exonerated the actions of officers who twice stripsearched a 12yearold girl during a drug raid. Western media show bias labeling Nanjing massacre film The Flowers of War' as antiJapanese nationalistic propaganda while lauding Holocaust films The U.S. military said in a secret report that the Taliban, backed by Pakistan, are set to retake control of Afghanistan after NATOled forces withdraw, raising the prospect of a major failure of Western policy after a costly war. Leave isolated Amazon natives alone, Peru says, after pictures of uncontacted tribe members published  In Israel, A Nonstop Debate On Possible Iran Strike Soon Angry Birds CEO embraces piracy, calls music industry attempts futile Europe's space industry, cashstrapped as a result of the debt crisis, wants to step up cooperation with China, which has an ambitious program and is building a moonlanding vehicle and capsules for manned missions. Such an alliance would likely cause tensions with the US. Four Radical Islamists Admit Plot To Blow Up London Stock Exchange 1 million packs of birth control pills recalled for inadequate dose Polish President wants ACTA civil rights clarification (xpost R/evolutionReddit) Oil now leaking from stricken Carnival cruise ship At least 73 killed, 200 injured at soccer riot in Port Said Egypt today India is the most dangerous place in the world to be born a girl, with females almost twice as likely to die before reaching the age of five, according to new UN figures. Aussie bus boss wows staff with $16M in bonuses  The Norway town that forgave and forgot its child 
killers Entire Village of Sodeto Wins Lottery  Except for one guy Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot ...  pleaded guilty to engaging in conduct in preparation for acts of terrorism Drones for Human Rights  DRONES are not just for firing missiles in Pakistan. In Iraq, the State Department is using them to watch for threats to Americans. Its time we used the revolution in military affairs to serve human rights advocacy. Osama Bin Laden Death Photos May Be Released  Pictures of all the Norway victims (with brief bios) Afghans Rage at Young Lovers; A Father Says Kill Them Both  'Ecopirate' Paul Watson is in danger of losing his boat. Sea Shepherd flagship impounded in Scottish port after Maltese tuna fishery sues for 850,000 in damages  Could Iceland be a model for debtridden Europe? Iceland effectively said stuff you to the banks' creditors.  Nigeria Government vows to prosecute parents who reject polio vaccines for their children. These vaccines were suspended in 20032004 because Muslim leaders said they were causing infertility and it was a Western depopulation plot.  Israel struggles with free speech issues. public support for freespeech rights is declining in Israel and that more than one in three Israelis now say there is 'too much' free speech. Foxconn to replace workers with 1 million robots in 3 years Official London antiterrorist publication says anarchists should be reported to local police  BBC News  NoW investigator Glenn Mulcaire releases statement saying he was instructed to hack Whos Grabbing Africas Land? U.S. Speculators, Including Universities Mexico 'drug enforcer admits 1,500 killings' Brazil grapples with its violent history  For the first time, Brazil is allowing access to documents that might unmask torturers from the military dictatorship.
 Guatemalan war rape survivors 'We have no voice'  More than 100,000 women were raped in the 36year Guatemalan civil war. Despite violent retributions, they are now breaking their silence Syria Kills 145 in Hama on Ramadan Eve Iraq to buy 36 U.S. fighter jets Blair to face withering fire in Iraq report 
Chilcot criticisms said to zeroin on WMD, 'sofastyle', secret pledge to Bush, and postinvasion plans Somalia is Dying. Why Don't We Care? Magnitude6.4 earthquake hits off Japan  Chinese Nuclear Accident Alleged Venezuela plans 'to release 40% of prisoners' Libyan rebels admit to killing their leader Knife attack and explosions leave several dead in Xinjiang, China Spanish tradition of bullfighting saved, reclassified as artistic discipline despite protests from animal rights groups. BT on siteblocking We believe in an open internet  we won't do any other blocking. We will never stop our customers getting to any service they want to get to...unless a court orders us to. Fish Swim in Israels Desert Slovenia's ambassador apologizes to her children and her nation for signing ACTA, calls for mass demonstrations in Ljubljana tomorrow (xpost R/evolutionReddit) Scientology condemned in France for organized fraud Anonymous hack into phone conversation between FBI and Scotland Yard Thailand has become the first nation to openly endorse Twitters decision to allow state by state censorship. The move is no surprise  Thailand recently jailed an elderly man with cancer for sending 4 text messages criticizing the King, despite being unable to prove he sent them. Iran is about to lose access to SWIFT payments.  This could be devastating... No recent contact with Russian team digging to midNeogene Lake in Antarctica Mass Killings Uncovered Near Damascus 130 million Tweets everyday are not worth reading, researchers find   Telegraph Libyan diplomat Omar Brebesh dies under torture Some in India wonder whether their countrymen can take a joke  A Jay Leno joke draws a rebuke from an Indian Cabinet minister, and political cartoons lead to treason charges. Some Indians say their countrymen are overreacting.  Two former Credit Suisse traders admitted on Wednesday to conspiring to manipulate the value of about $3 billion in subprime mortgagebacked securities in order to hide losses as the U.S. real estate market began to collapse in 2007. Serbia renationalizes its steel industry buying back a sprawling steelworks from US Steel Corp. The UNs highest court confirmed Friday that Germany has legal immunity from being sued in foreign courts by victims of Second World War Nazi atrocities Witnesses of soccer riot in Egypt recount horrific violence that killed 74 people, say police blocked exits and cut power in retaliation for role fans played in uprising. At least 37 people have been killed in South Sudan during a shootout at a peace meeting aimed at ending recent violence ACTA on the edge in Europe? Poland suspends ratification, Greece gets hacked New mutiny in Mexico's Ciudad Juarez A threat sends 2,000 officers into hiding as cartels fight to control Juarez. How Greece used 'magic' to make its debt disappear Anonymous 'hack FBI and Scotland Yard phone call' The End of Great Britain? Scottish Separatists Have High Hopes for Referendum  Iran Rebuffs Nuke Inspectors Trying to Visit Suspected Weapons Site Swiss Question 12 Banks as Libor Probe Widens  Switzerland is investigating European, US, & Japanese banks suspected of conspiring to manipulate interbank lending rates used to set interest rates on hundreds of trillions of dollars of securities Iran 'retaliating for scientists' deaths' Egypt gunmen snatch US tourists  Cold weather death toll passes 100 in Ukraine Bulgarian ISPs Rise against ACTA (xpost r/evolutionreddit) Spain orders $500M in gold found under the Atlantic by US treasure hunters back home.  US courts agree.  Kim Jong Un Looking at Things [pics] At least 40 dead in Egypt Football violence Famous Egyptian actor sentenced to three months in jail for defaming Islam Why Britain and Argentina are tussling, again, over the Falklands  Seized cash triggers political furor in Mexico  The discovery in Mexico of almost $2 million cash in the luggage of a state government official has triggered a round of mudslinging in the runup to the presidential election in July. Paulo Coelho calls on readers to pirate books the power of reddit makes the news!! Barak If sanctions fail, Iran must face military strike Major new leak at Japan's nuclear plant  Kyodo South Korean indicted for retweeting messages from North Korean government.  Lampooning charged as violating a law that makes it a crime to praise, sympathize or cooperate with North Korea. Hacked neoNazi websites reveal Canadian connections Gaza protesters throw shoes, stones at convoy of UN chief Ban Kimoon
 Times newspaper investigated for email hacking Ecuador Creating Alternative to NeoLiberal Model  Ecuador raising taxes on wealthy, higher royalties on oil companies and making large social investments  In the chaotic evacuation of the Costa Concordia, passengers and crew abandoned almost everything on board the cruise ship jewels, cash, champagne, antiques, 19thcentury Bohemian crystal glassware and thousands of art objects...Now, a veritable treasure lies beneath the pristine Italian waters Afghanistan Leon Panetta signals end to US combat role Hundreds of Egyptians take to streets of Cairo, saying the army council was behind the soccer riots that killed 74 EU antitrust authorities rejected plans of a tieup between Deutsche Brse and NYSE Euronext to become the world's largest stock market operator. The entity's nearmonopoly in derivatives trading was found unacceptable. Egyptian parties refuse to commit to womens rights Macedonia Muslims Riot, Burn Historic Church After Christians At Carnival Mock Koran The revelation that lawmakers for the Left Party are under observation by the German intelligence service has triggered a debate about the agency's powers. At what point should spies be allowed snoop on elected representatives? Europe freeze More deaths in Ukraine and Poland  British MP calls for pardon for 'hero' Turing b'An Air France aircraft carrying 215 people has disappeared off the radar in the Atlantic Ocean off Brazil' b'Can you tell the difference between an Israeli and a Palestinian? ' b'Former German MP/Judge offers $1m reward for prosecution of Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, and Blair' b'North Korea starts landing exercises using amphibious vessels  may be planning attack on South Korean island' b'President of El Salvador sends son to France to escape the violence of his native El Salvador. Son is stabbed to death with an awl on a Parisian bridge in a random act of violence with no apparent motive.' b'Indonesian model that married Malaysian prince says she was kidnapped, drugged and sexually abused by the royal family, escapes with help of Singaporean police' b'The Attack on the LIBERTY The Untold Story of Israel's Deadly 1967 Assault on a U.S. Spy ShipA Book Review and More' El Salvador's first leftist president takes power  Hillary Clinton attended the inauguration Thousands of Indian farmers switching back to organic from Agribusiness' genetic engineered crops b'several hundred students are missing, maybe kidnapped in Pakistan' b'North Korea prepares for more missile tests' Zimbabwe's Destitute Britons Repatriated China, USA or Russia  Where is cybercrime's heart of darkness? b'Russian police makes first ever bittorrent raid' Today's the day that Canada and the US officially become separate countries b'Australian tax payers to fund obesity surgery!' b'Fears mount that North Korea is preparing to attack the South' b'Stay at least 1,000 feet from the border, the May 25 pamphlets advised Palestinians, or risk being shot by the IDF. The UN says the Israeli buffer zone eats up 30 percent of Gaza's arable land. The Israeli soldiers, they shoot at everything  dogs, sheep.' b'Millions in Europe sink into unemployment and poverty' b'Israel stages Biggestever War drill' b'The great carbon credit con Why are we paying the Third World to poison its environment?' Tiananmen Square survivor pleads Don't forget the truth b'[breaking] Air France aeroplane goes missing off the coast of Brasil with 215 on board' b'Escaping North Korea  Defection is daunting. So is starting a new, free life.' b'Special Report Combating Piracy  Piracy is on the rise; so are efforts to stop it '