 Pope cancels salaries of cardinals overseeing bank China says aims to banish superstition, promote knowledge Britain's oldest (1,285 year old) oak tree blown over by galeforce winds New Zealand sends man to jail for watching cartoon videos of elves, pixies and other fantasy creatures having sex. China confirms 102 H7N9 cases, 20 deaths More than 60,000 have died in Syria during the twoyear uprising against Bashar alAssad. African students invent anti malaria soap Twentythree Brazilian police officers were sentenced to 156 years in jail each on Sunday for their role in the killing of 111 inmates during Brazils deadliest prison uprising in 1992. 393 rapes in Delhi in past three months China criticizes US for its human rights record Raped, beaten, and enslaved for years  and handed back to her tormentors when she went to beg police for help A 28year old grad student publishes a PhD thesis which blows holes in the current theory of global austerity Inside India's 'NoFrills' Hospitals, Where Heart Surgery Costs Just $800 Vladimir Putin and Barack Obama agree greater counterterrorism cooperation in the wake of Boston Marathon bombing UK stripped of AAA rating 4/20 Pot party no longer a fringe event as thousands descend on Parliament Hill A website used by Russia's North Caucasus rebels denied Sunday any link to the deadly Boston Marathon bombings that have been blamed on two ethnicChechen suspects. the Caucasus fighters are not waging any military activities against the United States of America, After Indian Supreme Court rule against patent protection for a Novartis cancer drug currently sold for US$75 per tablet, Rajasthan state government has announced to provide it free of cost to patients Legendary horses to be slaughtered as Spain's financial crisis deepens purebreds will be turned into horse meat for export come July. Man rescued by surfers after treading water for 27 hours off coast of Indonesia A proposed federal law in Canada could make certain types of cyberbullying as illegal as distributing child pornography. Pyongyang says no to denuclearisation Iran seeks to export oil to North Korea 6.7 magnitude earthquake hits Japan Settlers in Jordan Valley poison Palestinians' sheep, cows. UN investigates North Korea Asks Mongolia for Food Aid. A gunman has opened fire near an arms shop in the Russian town of Belgorod, leaving at least five people dead and one injured. A 14yearold girl is among those killed. /r/worldnews, should we join the CISPA blackout? Eloquent Guantanamo inmate, 60 days into hunger strike, describes constant beatings North Korean missiles placed in attack position Kim Jong Un reaffirms highest level of combat readiness. Canadian Conservatives to propose Bill S7, called the Combating Terrorism Act, Monday. It includes imprisonment for up to 12 months if an individual refuses to testify before a judge. At least 185 killed in Nigeria attack 4channer threatens to kill teacher and as many students as he can in Leiden, The Netherlands India In a silent afforestation campaign, a private company has successfully raised more than a million trees and recorded a survival rate of 90 per cent. The North Korean spy who blew up a plane, now married to intelligence officer in South Korea Syrian army aggressively seizes town near Damascus, confirmed massacre of 80+ ...reports of up to 250 killed inc. women and children Danish single mother on welfare gets $2,600 a month Up to 500 feared dead in Damascus suburb activists New microchip to detect medical viruses  Singapore chip identifies 70,000 viruses in one go, cutting costs and allowing earlier diagnosis. Video shows Burmese police standing by as Buddhists attack Muslims Ball of light turns night to day in Argentina Up to 74 school girls hit by gas attack in Afghanistan North Korea requests food aid from Mongolia as starving state faces 'severe' food shortage Despite assertions to the contrary, Iraqs Kurds are inching towards outright independence Grad Student Who Shook Global Austerity Movement  proof that the proausterity movement is based, at least in part, on bogus math French biologist Francois Jacob, who won the 1965 Nobel prize for medicine for his research into enzymes, has died at the age of 92, a relative told AFP on Sunday. Four soldiers killed while defusing bomb in Thai south Meet Africa's Youngest Billionaire  31 year old Ashish Thakkar Somali reporter killed in fourth journalist murder this year Van Gogh did not kill himself, authors claim. Muslim community tipped off Canada about terror plot Canada to announce arrests after thwarting major terrorist attack CBC Child pornographer Eric Toth from the FBI's Top Ten Most Wanted fugitives finally captured in Nicaragua French Parliament legalises Gay Marriage China states it will never use nuclear weapons against Japan 5 Hour Secret Meeting between WikiLeaks Founder and Google Chairman Eric Schmidt Assad attacked rebels with nerve gas, top IDF analyst says. Based on photo evidence, regime deployed sarin on March 19; over 1,000 tons of chemical weapons in Syria. Pit of hopelessness Guantanamo grows tense, inmates suicidal Malaysian deputy PM says gay rights and freedom of religion campaigners are 'poisoning' the minds of Muslims to accept 'deviant practices' and the right to leave Islam Terrorists in Korea target Americans, but mistakenly fire bomb a Korean own English academy. Japan vows to use force if Chinese land on islands Lego to open its own school. Lego will be opening its own school this summer fusing traditional teaching with its own brand of playcentred learning The faceoff between Indian and Chinese troops escalates Chinese envoy called in Fake bomb detectors were being used in Iraq as recently as last month. Iraqi MP says country has paid 'high price in blood' for fake devices, but officials continue to put faith in them Animalrights activists wreak havoc in Milan laboratory Chinese helicopters violate Indian airspace Tokyo Electric Power Co. refuses to pay 10.55 billion yen ($106 million) for decontamination work around its crippled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant, saying it is under no legal obligation to do so. The Environment Ministry disagrees. Cod stocks may never recover, study finds Wife of jailed Nobel dissident Liu Xiabo shouts out of moving car, 'I'm not free!' French Embassy in Tripoli Hit by Car Bomb Dutch diplomat jailed for giving secret Nato documents to Russian agents. Five teenaged girls gangraped in Pakistan  Asia, News Japan vows to use force if Chinese land on disputed islands Canada's authorities are expected to announce they have foiled a plot to carry out a major terrorist attack, media reports say. Millionaire businessman convicted of fraud after selling fake bomb detectors Fastfood workers announce global protest, walkouts set for 33 countries Vietnamese government shows reporters footage of Chinese Coast Guard ramming and using water cannons on Vietnamese ships after they attempted to block illegal drilling rigs in disputed waters of the South China Sea. Vietnamese claim 80 Chinese ships were deployed including 7 military vessels. War on drugs is a failure. German NSA investigative panel to allow Snowden to testify Tony Abbott has proposed to cut out 74,000 hectares of forest in Tasmania from World Heritage status in order to allow industrial logging A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced the editor of an Internet forum he founded to discuss the role of religion in the conservative Islamic kingdom to 10 years in jail and 1,000 lashes NATO says no evidence Putin pulled back troops from Ukrainian border Syria the capital of Syrias revolution surrenders to Assad Russia Plans to Colonize Moon by 2030, Newspaper Reports Almost 100 IRA fugitives who were given letters of comfort from Tony Blair's government stating they were no longer wanted for past crimes are suspects in nearly 300 murder cases, a senior police commander has admitted. UK deploys a destroyer to track Russian aircraft carrier Chinese police will soon patrol the streets of paris Ukrainians Favor Unity, Not Russia, Pew Polls Find USAF General Russian LongRanged Aircraft Skim California Coast Obama Withdrawing Trade Preferences for Russia Japanese Man Arrested For Possession of 3D Printed Gun  Claims A gun makes power equal Fastfood restaurant employees are to hold a global day of protest and strike action next week. Planned under the banner of an international trade union, the workers agreed to launch their movement on May 15 with strikes in 150 US cities and protests in 33 countries. 336 massacred by militants in Nigeria Huge blast reported near secret Iran nuclear site; City of Qazvin closed Northern Ireland women not entitled in free abortions in England, court rules | Prochoice campaigners dismayed at ruling that will affect hundreds of women who cross Irish Sea for terminations. Obama Removing Special Trade Benefits for Russia The internet will have almost 3 billion users by the end of the year, UN report says United States warns of 'imminent' North Korea nuclear test North Korea making final preparations for nuclear test Moscow U.S., NATO Missile Shield is 'AntiRussian' Rio 2016 so far behind schedule the IOC considering using London 2012 sites instead. Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has attacked wind farms as utterly offensive and a blight on the landscape in the latest sign that the Abbott government intends to cut back on renewable energy Pope Francis Calls For 'Legitimate Redistribution' Of Wealth To The Poor. Beijing to the US by train China outlines plans to connect world by high speed rail network Soviets saved Europe from fascism, says Vladimir Putin on war anniversary Israel sends more spies to unearth US secrets than any other ally Newsweek China is considering plans to build a highspeed railway line to the US Casualties as fighting breaks out in Ukraine port city of Mariupol A newly discovered, 3,100yearold Egyptian tomb includes intricate hieroglyphics describing the afterlife Defector Shadowy organization, not Kim Jong Un, controls North Korea  Amanpour CocaCola to close two Russian juice plants as market shrinks Australian Government Wants to Selectively Slaughter Sharks for Three More Years 6.8 Earthquake  40 miles NW of Acapulco, Mexico Putin Arrives in Crimea for First Visit Since Annexation Honest Sri Lankan student gets to keep $80,000 Turkey caught shipping weapons to terrorists in syria US voices 'concerns' at sale of French warships to Russia Canadian Government snooping on social media may breach Privacy Act Chinese Premier Li Keqiang unveiled extra aid for Africa totalling at least $12 billion and offered to share advance technology with the continent Spanish and Portuguese fishing boats targeting sharks after collapse in tuna catches Muslim world scholars condemn Nigeria kidnapping Putin visits annexed Crimea, hails its return to the Motherland Russia bars Canadian, U.S. officials as Ukraine separatists rebuff Putin Ukraine PM says he suspects Putin plot for victory day Yatseniuk said he feared Moscow was planning an incident involving veterans who fought with the Soviet army in defeating the Nazis. Islamic officials from around the world unanimously condemn and denounce Boko Haram's abduction of girls Billionaire dies and leaves $3.3 billion to charity 'Many dead' in Ukraine offensive, rebels killed, injured and arrested in Ukraine offensive NeoNazis spark first church alarm since WWII The churches in Jnkping, Sweden, rang their bells in warning for two hours on May Day as neoNazis took to the streets. The alarm marked the first of its kind for the central Sweden town since World War II broke out. Top 1% taking lion's share of global growth, OECD says Australia to raise the retirement age to 70 SpaceX gets injunction preventing US jet manufacturers from buying Russian rocket engines. 1,000 native women murdered, missing in Canada over 30 years RCMP Denmark leads the charge in renewable energy | By 2020, the country aims to produce 70 percent of its energy from renewable sources and to make the switch to renewables completely by midcentury. Today, we're already at 43 percent, said Kristoffer Bttzauw Russia to Ukraine Your military actions are criminal North Korea releases list of U.S. human rights abuses The U.S. is a living hell NATO official Russia now an adversary Putin says Geneva agreement no longer viable after Ukrainian military action A spokesman for the Russian president has said the Geneva agreement to defuse the situation in eastern Ukraine is no longer viable after Kiev launched a military operation against the rebelheld city of Slavyansk. Ukraine reinstates conscription to deal with problems in the East Ukrainian Ambassador to NATO We do not want any country or organisation to deploy military forces on our territory...if Ukrainian borders are crossed by Russian troops, we will protect our country. UNESCO condemns dredge waste dumping in Barrier Reef waters Recommends Australian marine park be considered for inclusion on the World Heritage in danger list. Ukraine helicopter shot down in Slovyansk New Virus Related To Smallpox Is Found In Republic Of Georgia Kremlin Says Ukraine Clashes Destroy All Hope for Diplomatic Agreement Ethiopian Security Forces Open Fire on Oromo Student Protesters, Killing 28 Ukraine says Russian 'saboteurs' attempted to cross border ProRussian rebels in Slaviansk say Ukraine tries to retake town, gunfire heard US troops head to Latvia as Ukraine crisis continues, us troops to train with live fire and 50 lbs of gear. Russia demands Security Council meeting on Ukraine Merkel asks Putin's help in freeing European hostages in Ukraine Belgium just signed into law saying that chronically ill minors can be euthanized. More than 2,100 confirmed dead in Afghanistan landslide Official First U.S. case of deadly MERS virus confirmed CDC CBS News Crew Blindfolded, Detained By ProRussian Forces In Ukraine At least 38 people killed in fire in an official building amid clashes in Odessa, Ukrainian police say Taiwan to levy a rich man's tax on nearly 10,000 of the island's wealthiest people in a bid to narrow the income gap Moscow has 'lost influence' over Ukraine rebels Putin spokesman Cuba calls terrorism designation by U.S. absurd, manipulative Russians disperse Crimean Tatars, Cemilev entry blocked Russia blames the West for crisis in Ukraine British troops fly to Estonia as tensions with Russia rise G7 to discuss weaning Europe off Russian oil amid Ukraine crisis Al Qaeda leader Ayman alZawahri calls for Iraqi branch to end infighting in Syria, return home Canada sending soldiers for military exercises in Poland Ukraine forces move on rebels in Kramatorsk France to ban U.S., Canadian, Mexican, Japanese pigs NATO must invest in defense to counter Russia US Mexico Seizes 'Knights Templar' Cartel Ship Carrying Illegal Iron. Uruguay marijuana legalisation Details unveiled Obama and Merkel fail to reach nospying pact MERS virus from camels and humans called indistinguishable  Health Abducted OSCE observers 'freed' Amnesty International report on Pakistan's media situation The situation of journalists has deteriorated since the restoration of democratic rule in Pakistan The torture of detainees in Mexico continues to be widespread and occurs between the time of arrest and when suspects appear before a judge, a United Nations official said North Korea Conducting a Nuclear Missile Test That Has Potential of Reaching United States At least six killed in blast in Somali capital France agrees workers can give days off to colleagues with sick children France has passed a law allowing workers to give some of their days off to a colleague with a seriously ill child. The idea came from the case of a man whose colleagues donated 170 days while his son was battling cancer. Germany blocks Edward Snowden from testifying in person in NSA inquiry The German government has blocked Edward Snowden from giving personal evidence in front of a parliamentary inquiry into NSA surveillance, it has emerged hours before Angela Merkel travels to Washington for a meeting with Obama. New video emerges of Rob Ford smoking crack in his sister's basement last Saturday Google breaks Canadian privacy laws with ads based on personal health information Egypt mass death sentences 60% of defendants have evidence that proves they were not present at the scene of the crime. One woman reveals her son, who died three years ago, has also been convicted in the case. Vladimir Putin demands Ukraine withdraw troops from troubled eastern regions UK slips down global press freedom list due to Snowden leaks response | British government's draconian response to the Guardian's reporting sees UK drop five places on Freedom House list Hundreds of kidnapped Nigerian school girls reportedly sold as brides to militants for $12 Declassified documents reveal that Thatcher's government dismissed Ronald Reagan as a bumbling, homophobic bozo Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams arrested over murder of widowed mother abducted from her home in 1972 A surreptitiously taped video clip that surfaced Tuesday shows the mayor of Mexicos busiest cargo port seemingly receiving instructions from the chief of the Knights Templar crime group. Edward Snowden NSA Spies More on Americans Than Russians  We watch our own people more closely than anyone else in the world. The death of Clayton D. Lockett in Oklahoma produced more than the usual horror in Europe, with Britain and France condemning the execution and calling for the abolition of the death penalty. Outdoor grills banned in Beijing UN asks Australia to reconsider dumping on Great Barrier Reef Merkel rules out military intervention over dispute in Ukraine Putin 'to visit Crimea' for May 9 military parade Moscow revives Red Square Sovietera May Day parade Australian government to advocate for the end of universal healthcare Kindergartens In China Suspected of Drugging Students To Boost Attendance Antibiotic resistance now 'global threat', WHO warns German officials demand justice after exchange student killed in Montana Afghan opium production explodes despite billions spent, says US report. Report by DC's Afghanistan war watchdog found opium cultivation unaffected by $7.5bn US spent to combat it World Bank India Overtakes Japan as Worlds Third Largest Economy U.S. general Corruption, not Taliban, the worst threat to Afghanistan Putin outlaws denial of Nazi crimes Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law on Monday making the denial of Nazi crimes and distortion of the Soviet Union's role in the World War Two a criminal offence punishable by up to five years in jail. Vladimir Putin mounting a slowmotion invasion of Ukraine, Stephen Harper tells NATO Morocco wind farm, Africa's biggest, starts generating power. The North African kingdom has no hydrocarbon reserves of its own and hopes to cover 42 percent of its energy needs with renewable sources by 2020. Emails reveal close Google relationship with NSA Russian Governments Own Civil Society Organization Finds Crimean Referendum Falsified /r/worldnews is currently under a downvote attack  here's what you need to know, and what you can do Parts of the vast ice sheet of East Antarctica  which collectively holds enough water to raise global sea levels by 53 metres  could begin an irreversible slide into the sea this century, causing an unstoppable process of global coastal destruction, scientists have warned. Communists expelled from Ukrainian parliament Ukraine open discussion thread (Sticky Post #9) 'Swearbot' to root out online obscenities A computer programme to seek out swear words on the internet should go live in the autumn, to enforce a Russian law against online obscenity Venezuela Introduces Food Rationing Ukraine close to war, says Germany AlJazeera journalist loses third of body weight in Cairo jail, says family | Abdullah Elshamy, on hunger strike in notorious Tora prison, is one of at least 16,000 held since Morsi's overthrow last year. Ukraine troops ambushed by proRussia gunmen in Slovyansk; 14 die NATO top commander Russian troops won't enter eastern Ukraine Wind energy surges to record share as coal ebbs. Twothirds of the emissions drop has been because renewable energy increased its market share by 25 per cent in the first 12 months of the carbon taxs start, he said. New kind of bird flu found in penguins in Antarctica~ The virus is unlike any other avian flu known to science CocaCola to remove controversial drinks ingredient US sends Air Force to rescue injured Chinese sailors Ebola virus disease, West Africa (Situation as of 5 May 2014)  231 cases with 155 deaths French forces have fought an armed group in northern Central African Republic that is blamed for killing health workers from Doctors Without Borders. Australian Political show Cut from Air as students begin Protesting Dennis Rodman Kim didn't kill his uncle or his ex. The last time I went there, when they said they killed his girlfriend, they killed his uncle, they just fed him to the dogs ... They were standing right behind me. Venezuela has violated the rights of opposition protesters through beatings, illegal detentions and failure to follow due process, Human Rights Watch said in a report released on Monday. Vatican defends its handling of abuse before a U.N. panel on torture End The War On Drugs, Say Nobel PrizeWinning Economists President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said Indonesia is not a Muslim country and any efforts to turn it into one must be resisted Great Barrier Reef's 'unprecedented' threat from Australian PM Tony Abbott's decision to dredge and dump Ukrainian girl gunned down as she was delivering sandwiches to proRussian activists Putin 'backs' Ukraine election Russia's Putin says Ukraine presidential poll is a step in the right direction and urges halt to all violence We will take on horrendous Boko Haram to find 200 kidnapped schoolgirls Barack Obama U.S. Sending Team To Help With Search For Abducted Nigerian Girls Russia is fomenting disorder in Ukraine to disrupt election They [Ukrainians] cannot be bullied out of having their elections by disorder that is deliberately fomented and coordinated from another country  in this case from Russia.  Intelligence officials to Congress Israel 'crossed red lines' in spying on U.S. Europe softens stance on Canadas oil sands as relations with Russia sour Russia demands $3.8bn security deposit from Visa and Mastercard Russia Will No Longer Tell Lithuania about Kaliningrad Weaponry, which May Include Nuclear Weapons For the first time, the Vatican unveils how it punished thousands of pedophile priests  ... It had protected pedophile priests. 'Wellknown child sexual abusers have been transferred from parish to parish or to other countries in an attempt by the church to coverup such crimes,' the U.N. alleged. Ukraine intel audio shows Russian involvement, plan to falsify Donetsk referendum A Thai court has ruled that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra must step down over abuse of power charges. Air pollution 'too high' in most of world's cities. The World Health Organization says air pollution in many of the world's cities is breaching its guidelines. A mob of nearly 3,000 attacked Hindu households and a temple in eastern Bangladesh after two youths from the community allegedly insulted Prophet Muhammad on Facebook Russia to send first batch of Yak130 jets to Syria NATO troops in East Europe could be permanent after Crimea crisis NATO will have to consider permanently stationing troops in parts of Eastern Europe in response to the crisis in Ukraine and Russias annexation of Crimea, the organisations top military commander said Tuesday. Israel's Peres says Netanyahu blocked 2011 peace deal. Russia imposes bloggers law. Putin says Russian troops have pulled back from Ukraine border. Philippine police confirm detention of Chinese fishing boat in waters close to the disputed Spratly Islands over haul of 500 turtles Israel mulls internment for Arab hate crimes  Israel plans to use detention without trial against Jewish extremists suspected of antiArab hate crimes, a minister has announced, amid mounting criticism over government failure to secure prosecutions. MSF (Doctors Without Borders) halts most Central African Republic work as government fails to condemn killing of 16 people at one of its clinics China Outlaws the Eating of Tiger Penis, Rhino Horn, and Other Endangered Animal Products UN asks Australia to reconsider dumping on Great Barrier Reef Everyone is under surveillance now, says whistleblower Edward Snowden | People's privacy is violated without any suspicion of wrongdoing, former National Security Agency contractor claims. Stephen Hawking Says A.I. Could Be Our 'Worst Mistake In History' CIA, FBI agents 'advising Ukraine government' report 11 Terrorists Have Been Arrested on Suspicion of Involvement in the Disappearance of Malaysian Flight MH370. The possibility that the plane was diverted by militants is still high. Four rare white tiger cubs born in Crimea zoo Nigerian troops 'preparing to launch rescue mission for schoolgirls'  Four battalions of troops, fighter aircraft and helicopter gunships reported to be preparing for assault to free 223 schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram. Russia refuses to rule out military intervention in Ukraine after dozens of separatists burned alive in Odessa Scientists find Antibodies able to fight off the MERS virus. In Senegal, at least 50,000 boys studying the Koran beg for food and money to pay their master. Some of these boys left home so young they dont know where they came from, and suffer brutal punishment when they fail to make their quota. Untouchable beaten to death for refusing to divulge his party choice Ukraine crisis we are now at war with proRussia rebels, states Kiev Number of children in Japan slips to new low The number of children in Japan has fallen to a new low, while the amount of people over 65 has reached a record high as the population ages and shrinks, the government said Sunday. 276 schoolgirls kidnapped from a Nigerian school are still missing ProRussian activists attack Odessa police station in south Ukraine, two days after violence left dozens dead Chinese villager creates fake but effective 'government office' to fight illegal land grabs Russian bombers, fighter jets 'seen over Crimea' Global warming China and US in crucial talks on cutting carbon dioxide emissions Indian politician dies after being hugged by 'human torch' on live TV Ukraine PM blames local police for Odessa deaths Military operation, early on Saturday Ten Russian separatists were killed in Andreevka Pakistan's ISI planned terror attacks on US and Israeli consulates in India Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams will be released without charge after being questioned over a 1972 murder BBC News  China 'illegal' bridge collapse kills 11 in Guangdong Tokyo hit by 6.2 magnitude earthquake (May 5th, 2014, 516 am) New nature preserve will be the largest on Earth  At more than 500,000 square miles, the marine park is twice the size of Texas and three times the size of Germany Young blood rejuvenates brains and muscles of old mice If three discoveries in mice reported on Sunday are applicable to people, making old brains and old muscles perform like young ones may require simply a blood transfusion. Ukraine Civilians gearing up to face civil war, learning to handle weapons Chinas military has initiated a number of measures in preparation for a possible regime collapse in North Korea, a leaked military document suggests Russian Stocks Decline Second Day as Ukraine Clashes Spread Switzerland has frozen $193 million in Ukrainian assets Ireland's murder rate rockets by 66%, standing at 20 people killed after the first 4 months of 2014. WHO declares Polio spread International public health emergency German IT expert hacks NSA homepage Ukraine Is Nearing State of War, Says Former U.S. Ambassador to Moscow Russia to Prosecute Crimean Tatar Protesters Over Unrest Infusions of young blood may reverse some effects of ageing, studies suggest 40 Maps That Explain The Middle East Netanyahu pushes to define Israel as nation state of Jewish people only Netanyahu pushes to define Israel as nation state of Jewish people only | World news In Ukraine, separatists seize one of last government sites in Donetsk First Ever Charge for Female Genital Mutilation in UK After 28 Years of Law  Top Gynecologist Warns Do Not Prosecute Turkish opposition 'Erdoan will become 'dictator' with de facto presidential system' China gives 10year sentence to leaker of military secrets Side deals with Moscow thwart drive to wean Europe off Russian gas [Reuters] Polio Spreading at Alarming Rates, World Health Organization Declares Claims 220 Australian child sailors raped, brutalised in the '80s Indonesian Villagers Driven from Villages in Palm Oil Land Theft Polio cases WHO recommends travel restrictions on Pakistan  Pakistan,Somalia and Iraq A Chinese entrepreneur's bid for 30,639 hectares (120 sq mi) of Iceland was denied, prompting the investor to say it reveals western hypocrisy & deep prejudice.  Iceland limits foreigners buying property to protect its independence & ensure citizens  rather than foreigners  benefit. Record numbers of young Japanese do not have boyfriends or girlfriends, and many do not want one. Wyclef Jean squandered Haitian relief funds report  Yahoo! News Pope faces lawsuit in Germany for not wearing seatbelt War on Drugs Latin American leaders consider legalizing both marijuana and cocaine. Meanwhile, the US remains firmly opposed to legalizing marijuana, as federal authorities crack down on dispensaries and growers. The White House does not support legalization, mostly because it isn't good for you. Rick Falkvinge The Copyright Industry  A Century Of Deceit Every time something new appears, the copyright industry has learned to cry like a little baby... and succeeds practically every time to get legislators to channel taxpayer money their way or restrict competing industries.
     Julian Assange Internet Has Become 'Surveillance Machine' Children Of The Revolution  
Chinese Communist Party leaders mostly have enough sense to make a show of austerity. Their children aren't nearly so tactful. Generation of princelings drives around in Ferraris. Public backlash reaches dangerous level Afghans Say Pakistan Fired First in NATO Attack Rupert Murdoch offered a 13 y'old Charlotte Church 'good press' in return for singing at his wedding... for free. UK secretly helping Canada push its oil sands project Canadian interests and oil lobby win coalition's support for highly polluting process in runup to European fuel quality vote  UN report  Syrian military murdered 256 children, sexually abused kids Rick Falkvinge, founder of the first Pirate Party in Sweden, has earned a spot in Foreign Policys prestigious list of Top 100 Global Thinkers A Kenyan court has issued an arrest warrant for Sudan's President Omar alBashir over alleged war crimes in Darfur.  Polls open in Egypt's landmark elections Egyptians vote for first time since Hosni Mubarak was toppled, as protests continue across country for tenth day. Syria troops 'have killed 250 children' Peace Corps pulls out of Kazakhstan due to rife incidents of sexual assaults against female volunteers Euro Zone on the Brink  A Continent Stares into the Abyss France overturns ban on planting GM crops Syria United Nations documents credible evidence that highranking officers consistently, across the country, issued orders to shoot at civilian homes and unarmed protesters, and records evidence of systemic torture and sexual violence against those in custody French President Sarkozy worries about the Internet 'stealing audience share' from 'regulated' TV services. Further asks Who would buy the film or music if you can access it free of charge?  Stalin's only daughter dies in US Pakistan denies provoking NATO strike Document 1600 Fukushima Workers Thought to Be Exposed to High Radiation Islamists win most seats in Moroccan vote  Anders Behring Breivik 'not accountable for attacks'. Psychiatrists have found that Anders Behring Breivik was insane at the time of the crime. Medical journal calls on hospitals to scrap parking fees  Canada's top medical journal is calling for an end to universally loathed hospital parking charges, calling parking fees a barrier to health care that should be scrapped. Canadians willing to shell out $6.3 billion towards saving the arctic circle's 15,000 remaining polar bears, $420,000 a head   Environment Minister Peter Kent If you were to ask me, Id say, priceless  Racist woman on UK train arrested ...an unnamed officer with the Toronto Police Service wrote '...we were given specific direction...anyone with a backpack was to be searched and if they refused...then they would be arrestable...' Denmark aims for 100 percent renewable energy in 2050. Danish government proposals on Friday called for sourcing just over half of its electricity from wind turbines by 2020 and all of its energy from renewable sources in 2050. Iranian students have broken into the British embassy in Tehran Israeli newspaper Nearly 100% of all Israeli military court cases in West Bank end in conviction for the Palestinian defendants. Nigeria approves Bill criminalising gay marriage  Nigeria's senate voted on Tuesday to criminalise gay marriage, instituting prison terms of more than a decade for violations in a nation where gays and lesbians already face discrimination and abuse. Rockets from Lebanon landing in the north of Israel BBC News  Iran protesters break into UK embassy in Tehran Russia activates missile early warning radar system Is a U.S. Mining Company Funding a Violent Crackdown in Indonesia? Taiwan's voters have the upper hand Political parties are forced to reach out to a wellinformed electorate
 BBC News  Pakistan blocks BBC World News TV channel Stalin's Daughter Dies China bans ads during TV drama shows ... in culture boost Iranian mob storms British Embassy in Tehran Canada Says Kyoto Protocol 'Biggest Blunder,' May Withdraw  Canada Tosses Wheat Board with the Chaff Evan Berger say .. we are giving back a property right, a freedom of choice, to farmers who make large investments, who have the wherewithal to sell their grain to whomever, whenever, at what price they see fit, Irate Pakistan closes border to US Two essential US supply routes into Afghanistan are shuttered Euro Area Is Coming To An End  The markets have sent Germany a message. It's no longer a safe haven, and there is no painless solution to euro troubles. This is the beginning of the end for the currency zone. Here's why, and how it's likely to play out Turkey Tuesday raised the option of military intervention in neighboring Syria while Russia rejected even an arms embargo as Damascus tries to stifle antigovernment protests. Poor rural villages show China's economic dilemma, Should China bail Europe out or help its own poor farmers?
 Islamic militant group alShabab bans 16 aid groups  including a half dozen U.N. agencies  from central and southern Somalia, a decision likely to harm Somalis already suffering from drought and famine b'Sweden Says No to Saving Saab ' b'A quarter of all UK government databases are illegal and should be scrapped or redesigned, a report has claimed.' b'Israel steals Palestinians water to pollute it and sell it back to them' Right to privacy broken by a quarter of UK's public databases. The national DNA database and the Contactpoint index of all children should be immediately scrapped b'Chinas Brutality in Tibet Exposed' The US government had extensive evidence about Guatemala's Death Squads. Why has it taken so long to make it public? b'Former South African MP exposed as murderer of Dublin teenage girl' b'Canada becomes the first country in the world to ban British MP George Galloway ' Israel's army violated codes of ethics and international law during the war in Gaza by attacking medics and refusing to allow the treatment of wounded, a human rights group charged on Monday. b'South Africa Bars Dalai Lama from Peace Conference' b'What does one HUNDRED TRILLION dollars look like?' b'The UK Government is now considering the mass surveillance of all user communications on socialnetworking sites.' b'Finally real evidence of war crimes in Gaza' b'Senior Fatah official killed in south Lebanon' b'VIDEO Israeli soldiers using Palestinian kids as human shields' b' Afghans call for end to US occupation' b'Israel nabs 20 Hamas officials to pressure for Shalits release. You know, the guy that was nabbed to help pressure Israel to free prisoners  and then Israel leveled half of Lebanon to retaliate.' b'North Korea to Close Air Routes for Rocket Launch' b'How some military rabbis are trying to radicalize Israeli soldiers by Christopher Hitchens' b'No women on TV, Saudi clerics demand' b'Dalai Lama denied visa for South Africa peace conference, said it was not in their best interest' b'Japanese military to assume more global role' b'Israel prime suspect for bomb blast at refugee camp in Lebanon in which at least 4 killed' b'China Detains Almost 100 Tibetan Monks After Riot at Police Station' b'South Africa bars Dalai Lama from peace conference' b'Doesnt it seem ironic that in a country with thousands of CCTV cameras, they want to shut down Google Street View because of privacy concerns?' b'I find it ironic that on one hand you put [Saddam Hussein] on trial for using biological warfare, but in another country where you sprayed chemicals for warfare, you neglect your responsibility,' I'm Brit and I'm terrified of my Government's new 'terror strategy'. Someone please get rid of Jacqui Smith b'Austria and Hungary reaffirm their sovereign right to ban GM crops' b'Italian court rules that a shepherd smoking marijuana could be justified because he only has sheep for company' b'South Africa denies Dalai Lama visa to attend peace conference. Nobel peace prize winners and committee pull out.' b'Dubai prison mother loses custody' b'Rockefeller Declares War on Free Internet' b'Japanese man  becomes the first person to be certified as a survivor of both Hiroshima and Nagasaki atomic bombings ' China suggests switch from dollar. China's central bank has called for a new global reserve currency run by the IMF to replace the US dollar. b'Blackwater sued in US court over alleged coverup (AFP)' b'China blasts video claiming Tibet violence' Death penalty 'closer to demise' b'China bans YouTube' b'U.N. report condemns Israel for Gaza operation' b'Israel could be guilty of a new crime against humanity  apparently even Hitler and Pol Pot didn't think of that one.' b'UN accuses Israeli troops of using boy, 11, as human shield' China is calling for a new global currency in place of the dollar ''to achieve the objective of safeguarding global economic and financial stability.'' b'The number of executions worldwide nearly doubled last year compared to 2007, according to Amnesty International, and China put to death far more people than any other nation. In the Americas, only one state  the United States  consistently executes.' b'And that's when I proceeded to hit him with the shovel.' b'Today we are witnessing the beginning of the US falling from a world superpower' b'Fighting for Life American Activist Shot by Israelis' The Big Takeover The global economic crisis isn't about money  it's about power. How Wall Street insiders are using the bailout to stage a revolution b'A bit like Northern Ireland Rightwing Jewish National Front to march through the Arab Israeli city of Umm alFahm.' b'At Least 32 Die in a Wave of Violence Across Iraq ' b'China bans Youtube.' Canada is pissed off Doug Benson, the guy who made fun of the Canadian military on Fox News' Red Eye has to cancel appearance in Edmonton after receiving death threats b'Very Interesting Perspective Letter of Resignation From An Executive Vice President at AIG' b'How to be Jason Bourne  tips on getting multiple passports, getting a swiss bank account and crossing borders' b'Where the death penalty was used most last year' b'THIS NEEDS MORE ATTENTION Baxter International caught sending mass amounts of deadly, higly virulent live viruses around the world' b'Crash pilot who paused to pray is convicted' b'Home of former Royal Bank of Scotland boss Sir Fred Goodwin was attacked by vandals overnight.' b'Benjamin Netanyahu has struck a secret deal with one of his coalition partners, pledging to expand settlements in a highlycontentious area of the West Bank.' Police beat people with sticks....people decide to fight back...see the look on cop's face as he runs like hell b'Oldest Woman in world discovered in Kazakhstan' b'President Barack Obama is building a road to hell  President of the European Union' b'Christopher Hitchens Jewish Fundamentalism Is On The Verge Of Taking Over The Middle East' b'China says video footage that purportedly shows Chinese security personnel violently beating Tibetans last year is a lie.' b'Our insatiable demand for illegal drugs fuels the drug trade  Hillary Clinton on Mexican drug violence' b'Riot ensues as rightwing Jewish group marches through the majority Israeli Arab city of Umm alFahm demanding that Arab citizens of Israel pledge loyalty to Israel as a Jewish state.' b'The Israeli army unlawfully fired white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas of the Gaza Strip during its recent offensive, needlessly killing and injuring civilians' b'Palestinian youth orchestra plays concert for Holocaust survivors in Israel' b'Serbia remembers Nato bombing campaign with air raid sirens' It's not only Madoff and the US where sharks with no scruples ruin lives. Millions in Colombia were recently screwed by Ponzi schemers. b'Feds Charge Hacker With Stealing $10 Million From Banks' b'The leadership of the European Union was plunged into disarray last night when the Government holding the rotating presidency collapsed after losing a vote of no confidence in the Czech parliament. ' b'French workers take manager hostage over job cuts  again' b'Chinese bloggers protest blocking of YouTube' b'Zealot Israeli settlers are establishing an army within the IDF so Iif the Israeli govt decides to withdraw from the settlements, there will be enough army fundies and rabbis to refuse to obey' Mexico's drug war [pics] b'An illegal settlement being built, illegal even under Israeli law .' b'In response to national anger at the death of Polish immigrant Robert Dziekanski in the Vancouver airport, the RCMP was urged to curb Taser use by its officers  but instead removed an existing restriction from its policy  It's unacceptable it's actually moving backwards.' b'Pirates have seized two Europeanowned tankers off the coast of Somalia in the past day, officials have said.' b'Teacher who exposed school violence is banned from the classroom ' b'Trade in organs from living donors legalized in Singapore' b'Jews Burn Israeli Flag in NY' b'French workers burned tires, held a manager of 3M hostage as anger mounted over job cuts and executive bonuses' b'Iran accepts U.S. invitation to Afghanistan meeting' b'Hillary Clinton  Our insatiable demand for illegal drugs fuels the drug trade' b'North Korea has placed a longrange missile on a launch pad before a test that the United States, Japan and South Korea said would violate a United Nations Security Council resolution' Israel accused of 'reckless' use of white phosphorus b'Gordon Brown gets the roasting he deserves. The devalued Prime Minister of a devalued government.' Iraqi women are suffering a 'silent emergency', trapped in a downward spiral of poverty, desperation and personal insecurity b'Thai government set to fall again as thousands rally against prime minister' Gordon Brown, British PM, Pushing Rothschild's Vision Of Global Economy b'Top Durban businessmen have been linked to a child prostitution syndicate' b'Cameras film police in Mexico during a drugs shootout where three men were arrested as cocaine and dozens of weapons were seized' Don't attach a saber saw to a sex toy and turn it on near your wifes vagina.  Darwin Award Candidate b'Help! My owner is trying to eat me....Britons tempted to eat pets as recession bites' Mother Nature's might seen in Mount Redoubt Redoubt erupts in major explosive event. Highest aviation warning issued after ash spews 65,000 feet into the air Outrage in aftermath of China's YouTube censorship b'Racist Crime in Russia ' b'One of the men convicted over a milk contamination scandal in China has lost his appeal against the death sentence.' Afghanistan Manager of private TV network arrested over dancer's skimpy costume  b'Defamation of Religion is now a Human Rights Violation' b'French riot police officer suspended after listing his favorite interests on Facebook as Crusades, Arabbashing, Nationalism and the Vichy motto' b'We have more toilets, less shame among women and less disease.....The results of the No Toilet, No Bride campaign.. ' b'International torch relays ahead of the Olympics have been scrapped by the International Olympic Committee' As Turkey cracks down on 'honour killings', women are now told to commit suicide b'Swiss banks ban top exec travel in case they are detained as part of a global crackdown on bank secrecy' b'Girl of 14 accused of child pornography and may be forced to register as a sex offender ' b'Bomb at Pakistani mosque, at least 48 dead.' b'British resident who claims he was tortured says senior figures within government must be held to account ' b'Israel suspected in Sudan air strikes' b'Russia sends army to frozen north to claim Arctic resources' Leading medical journal accuses Pope of 'distorting condom science' b'U.S. destroyers on move as North Korea prepares rocket launch' b'Noted Author Jared Diamond Predicts 49 Percent Chance of Civilization Collapse' b'Iran and Nato end 30year impasse ' They'll be telling us next that we'll get cancer unless we stop eating and drinking completely. b'Israel bombs civilian convoy in Sudan in order to maintain illegal occupation of Palestine. ' OK England... why don't you raise your kids properly instead of pulling off shit like this? b'U.S., Japan mobilize for N. Korean launch  CNN.com' b' Sudan air strike blamed on Israel' b'The End of Excess Is This Crisis Good for America?' b'President Barack Obama plans to send 4,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan.' b'Indian Army fears China attack by 2017 ' b'Gordon Brown and Buckingham Palace have discussed plans to change the rules of succession to the throne, including giving women equal rights.' Afghanistan exit strategy more troops and a 'civilian surge' b'Israeli lie machine goes into overdrive  Israeli soldiers didn't actually shoot a woman and kids that went the wrong way, warning shots were exaggerated by other soldiers.  Does Israel actually think anybody anywhere buys this crap?' Madoff's wife took $2m from London office before collapse b'200 children, some as young as 13, identified as terrorists by British police' b'WTF?!! UK police uses drastic tactics to identify 200 school children as potential terrorists We are targeting criminals and wouldbe terrorists who happen to be cloaking themselves in Islamic rhetoric. That is not the same as targeting the Muslim community.' b'Iraqi  journalist, Shoe Thrower selected as one of the top influential people in the Middle East ' b'Cadburys dairy milk have gone fairtrade!' UK police trying to 'smear' peaceful G20 protests b'Police officers disguised as Palestinians were attacked by Jewish settlers in the West Bank' b'The Pirate Party Makes a Bid for the European Parliament' b'China celebrates Tibetan liberation.  Is this how history is rewritten? ' b'The Associated Press UN body OKs call to curb religious criticism more junk from the UN Human Rights Council' b'The Lancet has accused Pope Benedict XVI of distorting scientific evidence to promote Catholic doctrine following his remarks about condom use and HIV.' 'Italian Fritzl' and son held for raping daughters An Italian man and his son have been arrested for raping their own daughters  b'Spokesperson for Israeli and Jewish causes is jailed for lying to police' b'Brazilian President Lula de Silva blames blueeyed, white people, makes Gordon Brown uncomfortable' b'US and Iran open Afghanistan peace talks' b'Jews Against Zionism' b'Madagascar protesters teargassed for third day' b'Czech prime minister blames AC/DC rock concert for his critical comment of Obama' b'For first time, CNN in third place in prime time ' b'Egypt releases detained blogger Secretly held for 7 weeks.' Suburban 'tsunami' kills 77 in Jakarta b'Earth Hour 2009  the Good, the Bad and the Real Point of it All' b'Harvard researchers agree with Pope Benedict on condoms in Africa' b'Hamas frees rival Fatah leaders in Gaza' Isis shuts down all women's clinics, threatens male gynaecologists with death German rapper who joined ISIS killed in U.S. strike Syrian antiISIS activist who blogged about terrible conditions in Raqqa is found decapitated in Turkey alongside beheaded corpse of his friend The police want to see your entire internet history Every child left behind in the Islamic States new elementary schools. Math, music, philosophy, history, French and geography were all banned. Brazil, which has one of the highest murder tolls on the planet, could soon end most restrictions on gun ownership, risking what one critic called a Wild West scenario draft law stripping away current limits has been approved and is due to go to the lower house of Congress in November. Sweden's outspoken foreign minister says 'In the long run our system will collapse' UK Prime Minister Apparently Last To Realize New EU Net Neutrality Rules Mean No Porn Filtering Egyptians are turning on a TV host who justified a sexual assault and said that a victim wore revealing clothes. Qatar plans to spend $200 billion on infrastructure related to World Cup| Foreign workers making up nearly 90 percent of the population, still need permission to leave the country, keeping them at the mercy of their employers,said the Int'l Trade Union Confederation More than 50 leading international media editors have written an open letter to President Recep Tayyip Erdoan raising profound concerns about the deteriorating conditions for press freedom in Turkey in the run up to the elections this weekend Polish court rejects US request to extradite Roman Polanski. Pentagon 'We're in combat' in Iraq Tanzania is planning to supply a million homes with electricity using solar power Pakistan sold nuke technology to Iran in 1980s says former president Rafsanjani Hole in the ozone layer expands to near record levels. Southern part of Australia to be hit with high levels of UVR. NASA spacecraft plunges through Saturn moon's icy spray Snowden slams UK government over encryption 'backdoor' plans | The UK government wants backdoor access to communications for everything people actually use, Edward Snowden has claimed Russia says no country can use military force in Syria without government approval China Scores Dead Last in Latest InternetFreedom Survey Saudi Arabia Can't Get Its Story Straight on the MSF Hospital Destroyed in Yemen Germany to deport thousands of Immigrants Obama orders US special forces to 'assist' fight against Isis in Syria Deadly Betrayal Elephants Lie Slaughtered And Mutilated By The Men Paid To Protect Them Former president of Uruguay Jose Mujica, who is known for his humble character, was hosted modestly, in accordance with his wishes, with a 73 VW as his official car and a threestar hotel in Istanbul. Russian airliner carrying more than 200 passengers missing on flight over Egypt's Sinai peninsula At least 21 dead, 80 wounded in blast at Bucharest nightclub  BNONews Islamic State claim responsibility for today's plane crash over Egypt publisher of secular books hacked to death in Bangladesh A Pfizer Inc. plant in China that was being inspected by Food and Drug Administration regulators in order to ship drugs to the U.S. kept a second set of quality and manufacturing records that didnt match official ones, according to an FDA review of the facility Researchers have developed a blood test that can accurately diagnose, from a single drop of blood, if a person has cancer with 96% certainty for most common types of cancer Indian air force on high alert after repeated sightings of 'UFOs' at Delhi airport The Devil, most wanted ivory trafficker in Tanzania, arrested Canadas national police force is demanding VICE Canada turn over all notes and communications between the journalism outlet and a suspected Islamic State fighter Mysterious Ancient Earthworks in Kazakhstan Spotted by NASA Ozone Hole over Antarctic hits Record Size Innocent Guantanamo Bay Inmate Finally Released After 14 Years A Nasa spacecraft that dived through a geyser plume on one of Saturns moons, closer to the surface than ever before, has delivered the first images and data from its taste of an underground ocean. S&P just downgraded Saudi Arabia Netanyahu Retracts Assertion That Palestinian Inspired Holocaust New Lords revolt looms over plans to allow police to view everyone's internet browsing history in UK. Scientists have designed microscopic grenades that can explode their cancerkilling payload in tumours. A new species is evolving right before our eyes  an ultrasuccessful mix of wolves, coyotes & dogs  The interbreeding began up to 200 yrs ago, as European settlers pushed into Ontario & cleared the animals habitat for farming, killing a large number of wolves who lived there. Charities working in immigration detention centres were asked to pay multimilliondollar bonds that could be forfeited if they spoke out against government policy, as the Coalition sought to maintain secrecy over border protection. Four UN employees have been fired for storing child pornography on their UN computers, while another was sacked for transporting marijuana in a UN vehicle and another for threatening to kill a UN mission head Egyptian authorities once again flood Gaza tunnels with sea water Russia has again thwarted attempts to create the worlds largest ocean sanctuary in Antarctica, the final country opposing the protection of a vast swathe of rich waters from fishing, after a revised international plan won support from China China plans to double the entire world's nuclear power plant count by 2050. They plan to build 400 nuclear power plants. Pentagon Opens Probe Into Sexual Abuse by U.S. Allies in Afghanistan | The Dancing Boys of Afghanistan Nasa tracking asteroid 'coming close' to earth Voice of Russia The US and the West have long criticized China for stifling dissent and for censorship but now they are not only joining China but they are taking censorship even further and attempting to censor the whole world Pope Benedict XVI backtracks, says AIDS is an ethical problem that needs medical solution, and NOT spread by condoms. South Korean Legislator Sets Off Tear Gas Bomb in the National Assembly The AntiCounterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) provisions are so vague that it will go against fundamental freedoms and lead to privatized online censorship! Swedish man bursts into flames while waiting for train Occupy Vancouver complies with eviction notice and moves oneblock away Rich nations 'give up' on new climate treaty until 2020  Ahead of critical talks and despite pledge for new treaty by 2012, biggest economies privately admit likelihood of long delay
 Egyptians Confront Police Violence, Forced Virginity Tests, & Torture to Save Their Revolution Egyptian government resigns China Sentences to Death Tycoon in Real Estate Funding ScamTo Restore Consumer Confidence Extent of injuries to children in private UK jails revealed Tibetan Monks/Nuns Burning Selves over Chinese Occupation of Tibet South African state secrecy bill is passed. Archbishop Tutu condemns South Africa 'secrecy bill'  Nobel Peace laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu has strongly condemned a new media law, which South African MPs are set to vote on shortly. Egyptian calling for Second Revolution as death toll rises Egypt's Military Accepts Cabinet's Resignation, Sets Elections for Next Year  

The ruling military council in Egypt has accepted the resignation of the country's entire cabinet in the face of demonstrations that have increased in fervor over the last 4 days, & offered to end its rule by July 2012. British firm loses at least $19,500 after being swamped with orders. 102,000 cupcakes! Small bakery burned by Groupon. Facebook, taking its cue from China apparently, censors Ai Weiwei photos featuring nude artist + women South African National Assembly passes Protection of State Information Bill, which allows any organ of state to classify any document, with jailtime for whistleblowers. Egypt activists call for 'millionman' rally Tuesday, demand transition to civilian government  Final Qaddafi Regime Kingpin Captured  
The last major figure from the ousted regime has been caught Intelligence chief Abdullah Senussi. Egypt military 'agrees new government' Israeli rape crisis centers get record number of calls following Katsav verdict
42 percent of calls dealt with rape or attempted rape, 23.4 percent with incest, 10.4 percent reported indecent act, 7.9 percent over sexual harassment at work.  Budget Cuts Threaten Denmark's Renown Science Assessment Body  The world leader at involving the public in science policy is on the chopping block.  It's a loss for the person in the street. Its demise will save 6m Danish kroner (less than 1m) now & 1.3m each year. We were sacrificed. Crowds In Tahrir Immediately reject Offer for July Exit of Ruling Military Council James Murdoch resigns as director of Sun, Times and Sunday Times Afghan woman's choice 12 years in jail or marry her rapist and risk death Portugal decriminalized all drug use in 2000. Since then, contrary to expectations, drug use hasn't risen significantly  and use among adolescents decreased.  Murdoch's News Corp accused of trying to bribe Australian senator Egyptian Army Captain joins revolutionaries in Tahrir, says the armed forces belong to the people, and should never be above the people., and attempts to pass constitutional amendments that put the military council above the rest of Egyptian society are a very dangerous issue. Canadian RCMP watch porn on the job instead of investigating missing women. Harassed female officer and shared their 'fantasy' with her They wanted to see Willie Pickton escape from prison, track me down and strip me naked, string me up on a meat hook and gut me like a pig. Tear Gas in Tahrir Square  
I havent felt such clarion will since the revolution. It feels like another one may be beginning   Everyone is angry. You can sense it. Everyone has lost patience. The more violent they are, the more people come.




    
 Russia Prepares to Destroy U.S. Shield, Medvedev Says  Businessweek Uganda  the Coffee King Desperate for a Downpour  Villagers have no scientific understanding of why it's hotter & there's less rain, but they instinctively believe it's because there are fewer trees. Though among the lowest polluters in the world, they argue they should plant more trees.


 Thailand lese majeste man jailed for 20 years. A man who sent text messages deemed insulting to Thailand's monarchy has been jailed for 20 years. Peruvian mayor claims metal in the drinking water is making his town gay African Union declares the Lord's Resistance Army terrorists Signal picked up from Russia's stranded Mars probe Landmine use 'highest since 2004' despite record clearances  More countries deployed antipersonnel mines last year than in any year since 2004, an international survey of landmines has found. The Turkish prime minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, has apologised for the killing of more than 13,000 Kurds by the Turkish military in the late 1930s.  Libyan PM snubs Islamists, names cabinet of secularists. Turkish PM apologizes over 1930s killings of Kurds Mining tax a step closer for Australia after passing lower house  

30% levy on the biggest profits from minerals boom will fund infrastructure, pensions & business tax cuts MOSCOW (AP)  Russia's president threatened on Wednesday to deploy missiles to target the U.S. missile shield in Europe if Washington fails to assuage Moscow's concerns about its plans General Strike to be held in Greece Clandestine photos from Syria  Some of the few that made it out of the country German 10year bond auction a disaster UNESCO Promotes Syria to Human Rights Position 
The right to die in Canada An emotional plea from a disabled woman reignites the debate In West Africa, a Radio Station (Built From Podcasts)   
It's one of the most turbulent regions in the world. That's why West Africa Democracy Radio is promoting open society through their broadcasts they've hacked together from technology designed for music sharing  EU court rules that ISP can't be forced to block file sharing Brazil suspends Chevron's drilling rights Slavery thrives in Chinese prisons, selling products to the West Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu condemns international supporters of Arab prodemocracy protests, expresses nostalgia for Mubarak regime. Iran 'arrests 12 CIA agents' Saleh steps down The Axis of No  How the Arab Spring made accidental allies out of Moscow and Beijing. 
 Video shows Egypt's Central Security Forces unilaterally breaking a twohour old truce with protesters unprepared for the latest wave of tear gas attacks.  Crowds were chanting peaceful, peaceful and Whoever loves Egypt, doesn't wreck Egypt. Russia reminds the U.S. it still has nuclear missiles. The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, which underwrites AIDS treatment for about half the people getting it in developing countries, announced Wednesday that it will make no new grants for the next two years because of the worldwide economic downturn. The Iranian Threat by Noam Chomsky Cameroon jails men over gay sex. A court in Cameroon sentences three men to five years in prison for homosexual acts, which are illegal in the central African nation Frustrated Delhi man slaps one of India's most (allegedly) corrupt politicians Sharad Pawar  The actual video, interview with the man & reactions from India's top level leaders Libyan rebels detaining thousands illegally, Ban Kimoon reports Mona Eltahawy I was sexually assaulted by Egypt police Egyptian Military Using Nerve Gas on Protesters Report U.S. carrier sent to Syrian coast as tensions flare European debt crisis rattles Germany Libyan government holding 7,000 prisoners, UN says Portugal braces for general strike against austerity cuts Swiss grapple with history of forced child labor The decadence of the West  Chinas governing class has its eye on history. Ours has its eye on the next election and next quarters earnings. If the time horizons remain this different, and the stewardship gap this huge, whos a better bet to come out stronger in the decades ahead? Twelve suspected CIA agents have been arrested in Iran, according to an Iranian politician. They were allegedly working with Israeli's intelligence service, the Mossad Jailed Afghan rape victim has sentence reduced, remains in jail. Mubaraks Playbook  Rambling and selfjustifying speeches, promised concessionsthe Supreme Councils tactics seem familiar Two bankers that a week ago caused the collapse 
of two banks in Latvia and Lithuania are arrested 
today in London. Lithuania says their banks will be 
liquidated, the government should not waste 
taxpayers' money trying to help a plane that won't 
fly. Wind power to make up half of Danish energy use by 2020 & the country aims to be 100% free of fossil fuels by 2050 Egypt police detain, beat, sexually assault USbased journalist Mona Eltahawy; other journalists also targeted  The whole time I was thinking about article I would write, she writes, Just you fuckers wait.  Aussie man stays with is house during a huge bush fire then watches it go over his head submerged in his neighbours pool wearing SCUBA gear. 6 Afghan children 'killed by Nato air strike' Egypt's leaders label female protesters 'prostitutes' Thai Facebookers warned not to 'like' antimonarchy groups Snowless Scandinavians wonder 'where's winter?'  North Korea threatens 'a sea of fire' upon South Korea Writer/Activist Mona Eltahawy Arrested, Beaten, Sexually Assaulted By Police In Cairo Swedish researcher defines 'now', philosophy researcher published a paper on time perception, where a now is described as two seconds long, and made up of a past and a present.

 Boy, 14, 'posed as spy to arrange his own murder' Korean high school student kills mother.  Keeps body at home for 8 months. Nearly threequarters of Britons think it is inappropriate for children under 12 to own a mobile phone, despite the fact that most kids already have them | Reuters Church tells patients to give up HIV drugs after claiming they were 'healed'  Sky News Ganzouri regains PM job amid rival protests in Cairo America woman and partner attending family wedding in Pakistan murdered in suspected honour killing  'Cure for cancer' rumour killed off Vietnam's rhinos 
 
 
 The belief that powdered rhino horn cured cancer 
is being blamed for surge in demand that has wiped 
out 3 species Pakistan To Take Up Deadly U.S. Drone Strikes In United Nation Sierra Leone Timber!  A story of corruption that is stripping the west African country bare. (video report) Portugal flights grounded by general strike over austerity measure Italy Borrowing Costs Almost Double as Euro Tumbles Can S. America Chinaify its Economy Without Destroying the Amazon?
  A new, undertheradar infrastructure is cutting huge swaths of the Amazon to reorient it toward trade with China. 'The South America Project' is the watchdog. 75% of deforestation occurs within a 30mile strip along highways. Belgium credit rating downgraded by S&P  Belgium has had its credit rating downgraded by ratings agency Standard & Poor's. BBC  Nuclear power 'gets little public support 
worldwide' India's poorest states has established a bicycle subsidy for school girls, which has caused the number of girls enrolled in school to more than double Britain unites with smaller countries to block US bid to legalise cluster bombs Many had conceived children and the girl children, some just babies only a few months old, were being raped as well.  Iceland Rejects Chinese Billionaire's Land Plan Fury erupts as India opens door to WalMart, other big foreign firms  One lawmaker says she'll burn down any store the foreign retailer opens in the country. The uproar highlights the divide between the emerging middle class and the poor. Italy collapse would be the 'end of the euro'  Pakistan demands USA vacate suspected drone base, sets fifteenday deadline Officials NATO chopppers kill 25 Pakistani troops Egyptian officer suspected of being 'The Eye Hunter,' targeting & shooting protester's eyes in Cairo's Tahrir Square. Russian backlash over Putin booing denial Protesters dig in to keep pressure on Egypt army  Nato helicopters have fired on a military checkpost near Pakistan's Afghan border, killing up to eight soldiers China to Cancel College Majors That Don't Pay NATO forces 'attack' Pakistan military post Pakistani woman suspected of killing, cooking husband Philippines overtakes India as call center hub. The growth reflects in part the maturation of the outsourcing business and in part a preference for American English. Indonesia's 'Golden Gate Bridge' collapses; 3 dead Mexican president accused of war crimes  There are over 21,000 schoolaged children living on reserves in Manitoba. If current education trends hold true, eight in 10 of them will never graduate from high school. Chavez repatriates Venezuela's foreign gold reserves Hungary's debt downgraded by Moody's to junk status Prison Echoes  
Iranian writer, Shahrnush Parsipur, whose novels are banned in her home country, recalls her imprisonment in early years of the Islamic Republic. A record of terrible suffering and injustice, with mass executions carried out by heavy machine gun Pakistan stops NATO supplies after raid kills 28 India's waste pickers brave landfills to live Venezuela Receives First Gold Shipment From Europe
 Vancouver Mayors Say Legalize Marijuana  antipot policies have failed to reduce marijuana's availability and that prohibition has fueled violence in British Columbia communities This Russian antigay bill is nothing short of medieval barbarity  
If St Petersburg gets its way, the statesanctioned hatred of LGBT people could spread across eastern Europe Israel threatens to cut off power, water to Gaza The African boom. After decades of war, disease, and plummeting living standards, the continent is on the rise. What happened? Pakistan tells NATO to leave air base Sexual assault of French journalist Caroline Sinz in Tahrir Square caught on video  Fresh Wave of Killings by Hunters Takes Indonesian Orangutan to Brink of Extinction  Conservationists urge authorities to take action.  So far in the entire history of orangutan conservation here, only 2 people have ended up in jail because of illegal activities related to orangutans.  What Really Happened to StraussKahn?  FPI Sues Pirate Bay Admins in Finland, Demands Further ISP Blocks Death to AlSaud Chants by thousands in Saudi Arabia Eastern Province A Game Changer? Prepare For Riots In Euro Collapse, Foreign Office Warns British embassies in the eurozone have been told to draw up plans to help British expats through the collapse of the single currency, amid new fears for Italy and Spain. A tank tries to run over protesters in Saudi Arabia  Adidas Launches $1 Sneakers in India More than a dozen die in Jurez massacre Libya's former rebels have illegally detained thousands of people, including women and children. An estimated 7,000 detainees are being held, including women, children and black Africans  and many have been tortured It Is Not Inevitable That The EU  Or Democracy  Will Survive This Mess Europe may well muddle through with technocrats and tighter straitjackets, but the rule of the people must be guarded  Engineers Return to China Leads to Jail & Limbo   The problem is, he cannot find out exactly who wants him & why UAE court jails 5 internet activists to prison terms after finding them guilty of charges including insulting the Gulf state's leaders Pakistan Cuts Off NATO Supply Route Police in Germany say they have cleared thousands of protesters who were trying to block a trainload of nuclear waste. Vladimir Putin rallies obedient crowd at party congress  Echoes of Soviet era as Russian PM formally accepts nomination to run for president in front of chanting supporters
 Afghanistan says it will take over security in half of country 
Perched near the Arctic Circle, the Swedish town of Luleaa hopes to become vibrant European data traffic hub  Colombian Rebels Executed 4 After Holding Them Hostage for 10 Years  
 Their bodies were found in chains, 3 shot in the head & 1 in the back.  One police sergeant managed to escape. The rebels have a policy of killing hostages if troops approach their camps, & this was a botched rescue. Human rights activist convicted of tax evasion in Belarus  Remember that plane crash that killed off the Polish government? Russia refuses to turn over the Polish jet's black boxes.  b'beautifully shot time lapse footage of the volcano is iceland.' b'The love story begins [pic]' b'Google has admitted that for the past three years it has wrongly collected information people have sent over unencrypted wifi networks.' Mexican Head of Political Party PAN tweets that ex Presidential Candidate Diego Fernandez de C's body has been found in a military camp (translated)   b'16 year old Jessica Watson completes her solo circumnavigation' b'USSR planned nuclear attack on China in 1969' b'Turkish article on Greek crisis The core problem (in Greece) seems to be the delusion that most socialists seem to believe that governments have unlimited wealth, and the only matter is how hard can you press them to distribute it?' b'Jewish settlers shoot dead Palestinian youth.  The body of a Palestinian teenager was found in the occupied West Bank on Friday, and Palestinian police and witnesses said he had been shot dead by Jewish settlers after he threw rocks at their car.' b'Roman Polanski accused of sexually assaulting British actress when she was 16 ' Bangkok bloodshed 'Live fire zone' declared b'Racial tensions mount in Greece Greek economic crisis accelerates clashes between immigrants and locals.' b'UK politician who was mocked on Reddit for thinking IP stood for intellectual protocol is stabbed in the stomach by 21yearold woman wearing an orange headscarf and veil' Hugo Chvez's Government The Wrecking Of Venezuela  Venezuelans are starting to fall out of love with their president. Will they be allowed to vote him out of power? b'  Banknote Of IllRepute    nBritish police ban 500 note, used almost exclusively for moneylaundering. You can swallow 150,000 in 500 notes, or hide 20,000 of them a cigarette packetn' b'Turkey positions missiles to repulse Israeli aerial incursions' b'Japan sinks (even) lower on gender discrimination report' b'Don't worry about that pesky oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, it's relatively tiny  Tony Hayward, BP CEO' Iran's Homeless Dissidents  Asylum Requests Still Pending a Year after the Green Revolution b'What happens to the Iraqis that work for the United States after the U.S. leaves?' b'Former Mexican presidential candidate kidnapped' Ahmadinejad 'backs Brazil plan for nuclear fuel swap' b'US Embassy warns against any travel to Bangkok' b'Sarkozy threatened to quit euro in showdown with Germany' b'A RussianUzbek challenge to the US ' b'Kabul rises again [pics]' Israeli settler 'kills Palestinian teenager' with a bullet in his back b'Can suicide bombers be funny?' b'Thai troops fire on redshirts as crisis escalates. One protester shot dead as thousands join Bangkok standoff, Photographer and journalist also shot in night of violence' b'Tenyearold Dutch boy Ruben van Ashout will always be known as the lone survivor or miracle boy of the Afriqiyah Airways tragedy. But how do such survivors cope with life after all others have perished?' b'Renegade Thai general shot in head, aide says' Spanish judge who indicted Augusto Pinochet and Osama bin Laden was suspended for overstepping his jurisdiction in a probe of atrocities committed during and after Spain's ruinous civil war b'Fresh from Gulf disaster, BP urges Canadian legislators to drop regulations' b'Leaked Russian document Could Medvedev era tilt more proWest?' Bill Gates' cloudwhitening trials 'a dangerous experiment' b'Fighting child sex trafficking in Tanzania Poverty, broken families and social attitudes make it difficult to fight exploitation.' b'May 6 Meltdown trader identified' b'Regulators at the Minerals Management Service exempted 27 offshore drilling projects in the Gulf of Mexico from indepth environmental analysisafter the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded. One of the exemptions went to BP. Deepwater Horizon had been exempted. ' Indonesia 'uncovers plot to kill president' and foreigners in a Mumbai style attack For almost 400 years, the residents of Oberammergau have performed their worldfamous Passion Play. But the play's avantgarde director, who is determined to erase traces of antiSemitism from the piece, has left locals at odds over how to reconcile modern Christianity and tradition. Japanese government blocks a ban on child pornography on the grounds that it would infringe individuals' freedom of expression US Pilots' Snapshots Reveal Extent of Germany's PostWar Devastation  In May 1945, US pilots embarked on hundreds of reconnaissance flights, aboard the same bombers which had razed much of Germany to the ground. Instead of launching bombs, however, they shot photographs... b'Greek Economic Crisis Turkish PM and delegation in Greece to discuss disarmament. Unprecedented talks on ceasing centuries of hostility. ' b'nnAmnesty has condemned the executions in Iran of four Kurdish political activists and an Iranian man, all convicted of moharebeh (enmity against God).' b'Sick Businessman Lodges Physical Abuse Complaint Against Ryanair' b'India diverts funds from poor to pay for Delhi gamesnn' b'Portugal to hike taxes, cut wages in austerity drive' Former covert Israeli forces 'training Kurds in Iraq'  Iraqi election commission finds no fraud in the country's election b'Thai General Shot; Army Moves to Face Protesters' b'Chomsky said the interrogators had told him he had written things that the Israeli government did not like. I suggested they find any government in the world that likes anything I say, he said.' b'Hamas destroys dozens of homes in southern Gaza... wait, what?n      n    nt Arab News' b'Protests turn deadly in Thailand [pics]' b'It's the greatest bank robbery in world history, and the BANKS ARE DOING THE ROBBING!' Heterosexual couple in court battle for their right to the civil union 'partnership' homosexual couples are allowed... Israel's apartheid road Israeli army still banning Palestinians from using highway 443. It's barefaced segregation Teen's murder sparks Facebook privacy plea London gets a new bus  'new Routemaster' design unveiled b'It's over in Iran One year after prodemocracy protests, residents whisper the regime has won.' b'[T]he chances of a successful succession from the firstgeneration dictator to his son are roughly one in four, and no grandson of a firstgeneration dictator has ever succeeded in taking over a regime and consolidating his power.' b'Robert Fisk We know all about Guantanamo. I was wrong. Prisoners could be threatened with nightmarish scenarios like rendition to Egypt or Israel where, they would disappear' BP's Oil Spill is Latest Crime in a History of Plunder b'G.M. Posts Its First Profit in 3 Years as Sales Rise 40 Percent' b'There is a new proposal in Sydney where developers have the right to bulldoze ecologically sensitive land as long as they protect land somewhere else.' b'Thai government is preparing a massacre.' 'Honor killings' aimed at suppressing castes in India b'Senior Mexican politician goes missing' b'Iran Accepts Shipping Uranium to Turkey 1,200 kilograms, of low enriched uranium to be stored for one year, then they would have the right to receive 120 kilograms of material enriched to 20 percent from Russia and France' b'Retired man spends 7 years on 5,000piece jigsaw puzzle only to discover one piece is missing' Death in Dubai Suspect in Mabhouh killing 'had genuine British passport' b'Chavez asks Venezuelans to use Twitter to blow the whistle on currency speculators' b'After 18 hours of negotiations, Turkey and Brazil seal nuclear fuel swap deal with Iran, details awaited' How Liverpool docks became a hub of Europe's deadly cocaine trade 'Many dead' in India bus attack by Maoists b'A Message from Argentina Our Sympathies to the People of Greece! '