 Canada honor killings on trial An Afghan immigrant allegedly killed his daughters. They betrayed everything. Bankers Are Using the Eurozone Crisis to Wage Warfare on Working People & Seize Control of Governments  
Wages & living standards are to be scaled back & political power shifted from elected government to technocrats governing on behalf of big banks & financial institutions In Pictures Fire Destroys Temple of Knowledge in Egypt  Brazil's Great Untold Environmental Disaster 
Cerrado, the world's largest savannah, contains 5% of the world's biodiversity, but is being destroyed at an incredible rate to make way for monocultures with devastating longterm effects  Pakistani girl burned by US drone looks for new life Iraq bombs kill at least four in Baghdad Mexico Disbands Entire Police Force In Veracruz
 NATO Forced to Admit Airstrikes Killed Dozens of Libyan Civilians, Contradicting Initial Denials. Vietnamese Investors Sink Savings Into Golf Memberships  
Some are investing in golfclub memberships in a lastgasp bid to protect their savings from being ravaged by soaring inflation & a fading currency An Indonesian girl who was thought to have died when a huge tsunami devastated the island of Sumatra in December 2004, has been found alive and reunited with her parents, local media reported on Thursday [22 December 2011]. Polish secret police 'conspired to prevent Lech Walesa winning Nobel Prize' Poland's communist secret police organised an elaborate ruse to trick the Nobel Peace Prize committee into thinking Lech Walesa was a collaborator in an attempt to stop the Solidarity activist receiving the honour.  Turkey recalls its ambassador to France after French Parliament makes it a crime to deny the WWIera Armenian genocide Protests in a small town in China appear to have escalated with residents smashing cars and hurling bricks even though officials sought to calm tempers by suspending a plan to build a power plant  Medieval Economy is Kim Jong Ils Legacy as Minerals Untapped  North Koreas leader inherits an economy that was outstripped by South Korea in the 1970s, shrank after the collapse of communism in Europe, & now struggles under its stated policy of selfreliance US admits fault for the killing of 24 Pakistan soldiers. Raul Castro expected to end decadesold travel ban for Cuban Citizens Sectarian violence erupts in Baghdad  Violence in Zhanaozen threatens Nazarbayev legacy (Video of police firing on Kazakh protesters) Iraq What Remains  Many Americans continue to see in Iraq a reflection of their own countrys ideals and contradictions. They will remember Iraq as an American trauma. But it was, above all, an Iraqi trauma. Italy finalizes severe austerity budget with a vote of 257 to 41, new budget includes tax hikes, pension delays, spending cuts, changes to employment law and more, aims to balance Italy's budget by 2013 In Tunisia, how to build a democracy A New Zealand cargo plane flew to Antarctica & parachuted sea pumps & hull patches to a leaking Russian ship crippled after striking ice last week. Rescue ships are still days away.  Crew include 15 Russians, 16 Indonesians & 1 Ukrainian.  A S. Korean icebreaker may arrive by Dec 25. Noam Chomsky asks Hugo Chavez to free judge Maria Lourdes Afiuni, who has been jailed since 2009 Twins born in Brazil with two heads, one heart The dragon goes shopping in South America  China is buying commodities and fuelling economic growth, but some worry the communist giant is creating dependency. Blackwaters top manager issued a threat that he could kill the governments chief investigator and no one could or would do anything about it as we were in Iraq, according to U.S. State Department reports Indian mars mission is cheaper than the movie Gravity Jehovah's Witnesses destroyed documents showing child abuse allegations, court told in coverup case Facebook is facing criticism after it emerged it had conducted a psychology experiment on nearly 700,000 users without their knowledge Peru now has a licence to kill environmental protesters New Zealand A church which advertised that a prayer session could heal health problems including incurable diseases has been told to remove the advertisement. It may mislead and deceive vulnerable people who may be suffering from any of the illnesses listed in the advertisement ISIS declares Islamic caliphate from Aleppo to Diyala Two French Jews were sent to prison for placing a bomb in 2012 under the car of an antiZionist journalist in Paris. The Ugly Truth About Your Shrimp Cocktail  Reports of enslavement and forced labor rack Thailands $7.3 billion fishingexport industry. Chinese troops tried to enter Indian waters in Ladakh Report Russian journalist killed in Ukraine as gunmen fire on media bus Bomb Isis Or We'll Ask Iran To, Top Iraqi Politician Warns United States Nestle has become the first major UK manufacturer to achieve living wage accreditation. The move comes amid increasing pressure on major companies to raise salaries US rushes 75 Hellfire missiles to aid Iraqi Government's battle against ISIS Putin Signs Law Giving Prison Terms for Internet Extremism Extreme weather official advice rewritten to remove climate change link  Australian government accused of significantly watering down information document on Department of Environment website Tens of thousands turn out for Istanbul Gay Pride parade Vaccination for Heroin Addiction and Overdose Developed by The Scripps Research Institute Hong Kong prepares for mass protest against Beijing control Ukrainians crowdfund to raise cash for 'people's drone' to help outgunned army A diplomat has evaded sexual assault charges in New Zealand by claiming diplomatic immunity and returning home Bulgaria's President Plevneliev to dissolve parliament Poroshenko Ukraines only state language to be Ukrainian World Bank tackle global warming and add $2 trillion to global economy, save a million lives Ultra low interest rates and the failure of policy to lean against the buildup of financial imbalances are in danger of making the global economy permanently unstable, the Bank for International Settlements has warned. b'American intelligence confirms that the latest military actions in South Ossetia were started by Georgia and Russias position in the conflict was correct' b'The Russians are right! We're wrong! Georgia started it, the Russians ended it, Rep. Dana Rohrbacher, a California Republican, said' b'Russian bombers arrive in Venezuela for training' b'Bolivia asks U.S. ambassador to leave, protests mount' b' Indian girl kills self over the Large Hadron Collider Big Bang fear' b'Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov has accused the United States of emboldening Georgia to start a war' b'Three dead in fight over size of genitals' b'Walmart Sets Up Unions for its Employees (in China)' b'Russian bombers fly to Venezuela' b'Two Russian bombers land in Venezuela' b'Satellite finds N. Korea missile site' b'Putin defends Georgia offensive' b'President Bush secretly approved orders in July that allow American Special Operations forces to carry out ground assaults inside Pakistan without the prior approval of the Pakistani government' b'Criminalizing Criticism of Islam  ' b'Most succinct story ever' b'Earth quakes of magnitude 6.9 hit Japan and Indonesia' b'Amid Growing Unrest, Bolivia Orders U.S. Ambassador to Leave' b'Official Bush ordered raids into Pakistan' b'After Spying Revelations, Arab Newspapers Say Bush' b'Deadly earthquake strikes Iran' b'Syria U.S. policy post 9/11 has increased terrorism' b'Russian nuclear battleships arrive in Venezuela for joint exercises' b'BREAKING Tsunami Alerts  Japan & Indonesia after 7.6 magnitued quakes' b'Elizabeth Smart Is Paranoid Kidnappers Will Come After Her Again' Earthquake Hits Iran's South, Measures 6.1 On The Richter Scale Letter bomb sent to German president Pope Francis redirects employee bonuses to charity. Vatican employees wont receive the special bonus they are traditionally awarded when a new pope is elected, the Vatican confirmed on Thursday (April 18), under orders from Pope Francis to give extra money to charity instead. Anonymous calls for internet black out A gay friendly, non sexsegregated, mosque is opening in Uppsala, Sweden Blast in popular Baghdad coffee shop kills at least 27 Magnitude 7.0 strikes off the coast of Japan 25 yearold man suspected to have died of measles in the UK would be the first since 2008 Musharraf arrested. Latest is he has been shifted to police headquarters and may be tried for high treason. A victory for judicial freedom in Pakistan. Chechen terrorism What you need to know  Islamist fighters from the region have fought a long war of independence against Russia Cops beat up women protesting against kid's death in India Afghans send sympathy and love to Boston, whose pain they know all too well Delhi fails to deliver on its promise of safety for girls and women Neighbour rapes young child brutally, police apathetic A PhD economics student has debunked the most influential study which has been used to promote austerity worldwide. A new exhibition aims to celebrate the role Muslims played in saving Jewish lives during the Holocaust. Belize Supreme Court declares offshore oil drilling contracts issued by Govt of Belize 20042007 null & void, stopping govt from allowing drilling in worlds 2nd largest barrier reef, the Meso American  Govt didn't assess environmental impact & gave okay to firms without proof of safety. CSIS, Canadian spy agency, is sharing intel with corporations, despite a law that forbids it The Flying Taxman Bank secrecy is dying in Europethanks mainly to America Greek Far Right Gains Ground  Nowhere else in Europe are neoNazis and rightwing extremists profiting as greatly from the financial crisis as in Athens. As they terrorize the country with violence, the police stand back and prosecutors are powerless. Egyptian bride ordered to pay 5,000 compensation to groom because she had secret surgery to restore her virginity Australia's NBN (National Broadband Network) announce Gigabit speeds to current customers by the end of the year. Once the 10 year rollout has finished the network will provide gigabit speeds to 93% of the population Half of Syrian population 'will need aid by end of year'. UN high commissioner for refugees says crisis may be worst humanitarian disaster it has dealt with. Canadian Supreme Court refuses to reopen antigay pamphlet case where flyers referred to gay men as sodomites and pedophiles. India accounts for 33% of world poor World Bank China Vastly UnderReports Global Fish Catch Police in the Philippines say two officers held captive by communist rebels have escaped after seizing a rifle and shooting their guards. Afghan women commit suicide to escape marriage The suicide rate is rising particularly in towns because women are fighting against forced marriages there. Iran's leader condemns bombing attack in Boston Venezuela's New Leader Just Ordered the Arrest of His Political Rivals A man diagnosed with late stage cancer saves the life of his ambulance driver when the latter had a heart attack while driving the former to a hospital Australian judge overrules ill Jehovah's Witness teenagers wishes, orders blood transfusion BBC News  North Korea lists terms for talks with US and S Korea More Children in Greece Start to Go Hungry British woman, 21, faces life in jail after leading vigilante gang who murdered teenager falsely accused of rape Brighton and Hove city council recommended the opening of drug consumption rooms, places where people could inject drugs under medical supervision without fear of prosecution. I Jumped to Save My Body Walmart Slammed Over Nicaragua Stabbings & Bangladesh Fire  Survivors of factory fire & an armed assault calling for Walmart to crack down on abuses in its global supply chain. Were making the clothes theyre going to sell, so they've a role in what goes on inside. Indian man killed for trying to protect friend from sexual harassment In Congo, Babies as Young as Six Months Victims of Rape in War A woman who was convicted of murdering her toddler son and hiding his body has been cleared of all charges Pervez Musharraf flees Pakistan court after arrest order  Pakistan's former president rushes out of Islamabad court and into waiting vehicle after being denied bail, say police Transgender for president? Pakistanis challenge stereotypes in elections President of Ecuador, Rafael Correa, has 90 percent public approval rating, which puts him first in a survey regarding two dozen leaders of the region North Korean reveals cannibalism is common after escaping starving state Ghana seizes 1m faulty condoms imported from China Paraguayan Politician Threatens To Shoot Own Testicles If Son Marries Another Man Was that the president in my Beijing taxi? A rumor that Chinese President Xi Jinping traveled undetected among the commoners of Beijing sparked enormous interest, echoing popular lore of Chinese emperors moving about in disguise A UK man paralysed from the neck down is taking up the legal challenge previously mounted by the late Tony Nicklinson for the righttodie with the help of a doctor Chinese authorities suspect humantohuman transmission of H7N9 avian flu The Poverty Lie How Europe's Crisis Countries Hide their Wealth. How fair is the effort to save the euro if the people living in the countries that receive aid are wealthier than the citizens of donor countries like Germany? Japan island rocked by 30 quakes 200 US troops ordered to Jordan by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, to 'be ready for military action' Bitcoin value plummets, losing as much as 41% of its value in a single day Two Norwegian teens return $81,500 found in bag on a train left by elderly passenger The Pirate Bay kicked out of Greenland in under 48 hours. A woman who died after being refused a potentially lifesaving abortion even while she was having a miscarriage was told that her repeated pleas could not be granted because Ireland is a Catholic country, an inquest has confirmed Italy's 5Star Movement, led by comic Beppe Grillo, wants to scrap the country's planned purchase of 90 Lockheed Martin Corp F35 fighter jets and use the savings to help boost the struggling economy, a lawmaker told Reuters on Tuesday [9 April 2013]. Uzbekistan calls Harlem Shake 'a vortex full of meaninglessness and shamelessness' 'Very high' chance North Korea will fire missile, U.S. and South Korea say Mysterious gigantic stone structure found beneath Sea of Galilee Defecting NK Commander confirms rival factions within NK military, pro and antiKim JongUn fighting within ranks For the first time in 69 years, there are no American tanks in Europe. Beaver Bites Man To Death In Belarus Attack Germany owes us 162billion euros in war damages, say Greeks | World | News Egyptian doctors 'ordered to operate on protesters without anaesthetic'. Senior Egyptian army doctors were ordered to operate without anaesthetic on wounded protesters at a military hospital in Cairo during protests against military rule N. Korea shifts missile locations ahead of imminent launch sources Japan has inked an agreement with Taiwan to allow Taiwanese vessels to fish within 12 miles from the disputed Diaoyu Islands in a surprise deal that has shaken China. Airbus is installing special big seats for fat people while shrinking other seats DPRK's nuclear shower will break the U.S. nuclear umbrella so mercilessly that the warmongers cannot even repent of anything. United States and South Korean armed forces placed at 'maximum alert' Watchcon 2 North Korea is shifting placement of missiles in an attempt to outwit intelligence Camel gifted to French president is mistaken for food, made into tagine and eaten for dinner Seoul calls on North to come to bargaining table (Yonhap) Top admiral of US Pacific Command worries North Korea crisis could escalate 'pretty quickly' with one miscalculation Uruguay to become third American country to legalize gay marriage after Canada and Argentina Former Guatemalan dictator, Efrain Rios Montt, being charged with genocide. First time ever a former head of state is being tried for genocide by a national tribunal. Finland police say Russias President Putin mistakenly placed on criminal blacklist NASAbacked fusion engine could cut Mars trip down to 30 days Germany gives Japan its backing as N Korea tensions rise Anonymous vows justice for Rehtaeh Parsons, 15 year old rape victim who committed suicide. Canadian Police do nothing. North Korea v South Korea in figures Breasts better off without bras French study North Korea preparing to launch missiles from 2 different locations North Korea has completed fueling its Musudan mediumrange ballistic missile, and is ready to launch it any moment Google launches global human trafficking helpline & data network  Commits $3M (2M) to build an international helpline network fueled by data. Human trafficking enslaves 21M people, with 2.5M forced into labor. Most are ages 1824 & 43% are forced into the sex trade. China and Russia urge North Korea to step back from missile launch. A Nova Scotia teenager has killed herself after she was raped by four boys, who distributed a photo of the assault and bullied her, her family says. South Korea raises alert with North to 'vital threat' [BBC] ExNorth Korea spy says Kim JongUn struggling to control military South Korea confirms North was behind the massive hacking attack that paralyzed networks of local financial firms and broadcasters last month April 1 marked the beginning of free abortion in France. As mandated by the new law, the country will now reimburse all abortions 100 percent, as well as provide free contraception for girls ages 1518. North Korea Warns It Is on Brink of Nuclear War With South Japanese city accidentally tweets North Korean missile launch South Korea raises surveillance level to Watchcon 3 in response to reports that the North will fire multiple missiles 45 TELS (Scud launchpads), one Nudong and two Musadan missiles being prepared North Korea's peasant army gets ready to farm, not wage war Intelligence suggests North Korea could be planning multiple launches, U.S. official says Doomsday Clock creator dies. North Korea US 'ready to intercept up to three missiles' Three years after BP oil spill, USF research finds massive dieoff Admiral says US ready if North Korea strikes Pakistan today successfully testfired nuclearcapable HatfIV ballistic missile with a range of 900 km that can hit targets in India. The 4th Largest City In The World Has No Outdoor Advertising U.S. and China agree on Korean denuclearization In latest propaganda video, North Korea threatens to bomb Colorado Springs. Unfortunately for them, they have no idea where Colorado Springs is. A passenger plane carrying more than 100 people has crashed into the ocean off the coast of Bali  It is believed that everyone on board has survived. Canadian Kids Smoke Most Marijuana In Western World UNICEF An Indian village plants 111 trees for every girl born. [Philippines] Manila offers US its military bases in case of N Korea war Dozens of Native American tribal masks have been sold at an auction in Paris after a French court ignored the objections of the Hopi tribe and the U.S. government. Mayan Genocide  Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt, accused of ordering the execution of over 1,700 indigenous Ixil Mayans in 1980s, on trial. It's the 1st time anywhere in the world a former head of state is tried for genocide by a national tribunal. UK 'confirms' use of chemical weapons in Syria after secret MI6 op  report 6.0 magnitude earthquake hits western Japan World on course for catastrophic 6 Celcius rise New Zealand Minister responsible for border security officially warns of the threat posed by 3D printers, If people could print off ... sheets of Ecstasy tablets at the party they're at at that time, that just completely takes away our border protection role in its known sense. Pope appoints 8 cardinals to advise on the reform of the Catholic Church 17 years after being gangraped by more than 40 men, Indian girl still waits for justice What time machine? Iranian news agency quietly deletes a report that Iran had built one. Hundreds of Thousands March for 'Free Education' in Chile 'Education should be equal for everyone, it should be free  we all have the same rights.' Missile launch is North Korea's exit strategy, analysts say. World's first unmanned supersonic stealth combat aircraft to make its maiden test flight in Australia. Ants Can Sense Earthquakes A Day In Advance A German man has been arrested at Athens International Airport after allegedly trying to smuggle nearly half a ton of gold and silver out of Greece, according to airport officials. Egypt's Coptic Christians live in fear of Islamic extremists The group has long faced persecution, but many feel the aggression is now more systematic. 'They set a Christian man on fire the other day,' a woman says near Cairo. Measles in Wales Warning of Epidemic Spreads  Fears that measles epidemic may spread from Swansea with over 40,000 children still unvaccinated in Wales. Number of cases now at 693. This could easily double as 1000s of children have not had 2 MMR vaccines. No part of the UK is safe. Egypt's Coptic Church unleashed one of its strongest criticisms ever of the government after backtoback deadly attacks on Copts that the pope insists were incited by harsh antiChristian rhetoric. Cannibalism in North Korea EU loses 1 trillion euros a year to tax dodging France passes gay marriage bill. The legislation not only legalizes samesex marriage but allows samesex couples to adopt children. North Korea declares its target Japan Vladimir Putin unveils $50 bn drive for Russian space supremacy Putin Promises 100% Support for Buddhists  The president described Buddhism as a kind, humanist learning based on love for others and love for ones country, Stephen Hawking Space Exploration Is Key To Saving Humanity AntiThatcher song hits top of U.K. pop chart  Ding Dong! The Witch is Dead goes to No. 1 Wave of homophobic violence sweeps France A Chinese woman sent to a labour camp for demanding seven men who kidnapped, raped and forced her then 11yearold daughter into prostitution be punished went to court on Friday to sue for compensation. U.K. gives the homeless jobs as tour guides Sudan People's Liberation Army to wipe out the entire Murle tribe on the face of the earth. Nobody is willing to help these people. North Korean helicopter dropping paratroopers along China border Nuclear Waste Found in English Channel Greece's jobless rate has soared to a new high at 27.2%, 1824yo at 60% In order to adhere to Chinese concepts of family and duty, an increasing amount of gay Chinese men are turning to an alternate form of marriage marrying lesbian women. An amazing visualization of every drone strike in Pakistan Russia Builds Giant Space Base In $52bn Push Margaret Thatcher dead Sex Pistol Johnny Rotten says hate mobs are 'loathsome' & calls for respect Sweden enlists llamas to fight sheepkilling wolves 3 scenarios for North Korea endgame German hacker demonstrated how to remotely hijack and bring down an airplane using an app for the Android phone Spain holds first Siesta Championship or Napping Competition to bring back old tradition Reinventing InventHelp  Inventors Digest Review Hawking Mankind has 1,000 years to escape Earth North Korea employing Deceptive tactics. South Korean news source says they may be planning multiple missile launches. Google launches tool to determine data use after death Saudi Arabian billionaire Prince AlWaleed bin Talal, a nephew of King Abdullah, has thrown his support behind allowing Saudi women to drive, saying it makes economic sense Saddam's marsh drainage project was war by other means  Some 2 decades after the drainage of Mesopotamian marshes of Iraq by Hussein, the area is buzzing with life again after much of what was once the world's 3rd largest wetland is restored to some of its former glory. Director Ken Loach on Margaret Thatcher Funeral Lets privatise her funeral. Put it out to competitive tender and accept the cheapest bid. Its what she would have wanted. Price of Gold Collapses....investors panic. Financial crisis caused by too many bankers taking cocaine, says former drugs tsar Nicols Maduro has been elected President of Venezuela Chinese vessel that hit protected reef in Philippines held even more environmental destruction inside over 10,000 kg (22,000 lbs) of meat from the protected pangolin. 400 boxes, each containing 2530 kg frozen pangolins, found. Rising demand & lax laws are wiping out the toothless anteaters. NASA plans to capture an asteroid and set it into orbit around the moon North Korean leader makes first appearance in weeks, pays tribute to late grandfather, father at mausoleum Russian MPs have given initial approval to an antiblasphemy law with tougher jail terms or fines for anyone found guilty of offending religious feelings. Some activists warned that insults to believers might include the teaching of evolution or the Big Bang theory Norway to build first ever tunnel for ships Justin Bieber has caused outrage with his message in a guestbook at the Anne Frank Museum, saying he hoped the Holocaust victim would have been a fan. 10 million pound cost of Margaret Thatcher's funeral asking for trouble Black workers 'banned from Gare du Nord during Israeli president visit' Protesters in Spain call for end to monarchy Climate Change skeptic, Lord Monckton, demands apology from prominent climate scientists after having his views mocked, In saying I have 'no training' he [Professor Renwick] has lied. I have a Cambridge degree in classical architecture. North Korea brands US an 'enemy of the state' as South Korean's burn effigies of Kim Jongun Justin Trudeau elected as Liberal party leader [Canada] Turkish pianist Fazil Say convicted of insulting Islam Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has been increasing for a third year in a row and is heading for a record high Teenager exposes India's 'one month wives' sex tourism Israel arrests 14yearold US citizen Synthetic kidney could soon be ready for first human transplant A synthetic kidney made from a patients own skin cells might soon be ready for the first human transplant following the creation of a similar artificial organ in laboratory animals, scientists have said. Australia to tackle Japan on whaling at U.N. world court Don't underestimate Germany's new antieuro party Constitutional Convention in Ireland votes 79% in favour of samesex marriage Kim JongUn has not been seen in 2 weeks In Switzerland, twothirds of voters have supported a fat cat initiative  a referendum that gives shareholders a binding say on executive pay as part of the worlds most stringent rule of its kind to date. Noncompliance carries hefty fines and jail time. Ireland gets its first Tornado warning. Canadian govt demands members of public fill in a 10page questionnaire & submit CV in order to seek permission to comment on the new Enbridge oil pipeline Margaret Thatcher 'gave her approval' to her son Mark's failed coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea Why Chemotherapy That Costs $70,000 in the U.S. Costs $2,500 in India By rejecting patent applications, developing countries have kept down the costs of muchneeded medications. Can they continue to do so without harming efforts to develop new drugs? Kerry offers to withdraw US missile defenses and military presence in exchange for China's support on North Korea. French gangster Redoine Faid just escaped from prison by taking 4 guards hostage and blowing off 5 doors with explosives BBC fakes London student credentials to access North Korea Lost Soviet Mars Lander Found? Report The Syrian Chemical Weapons 'Red Line' Has Been Crossed Millions face starvation as world warms, say scientists World is unprepared for changes that will see parts of Africa turned into disaster areas, say food experts Polio Vaccine Developer Koprowski Dies Rust in hell Irish nationalists slam Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher Papua New Guinea Considers Repealing Sorcery Law In February, a 20yearold woman was stripped, tortured, doused in gasoline and then set ablaze Melting in Antarctic is worst in 1000 years N. Korea denounces S. Korea's dialogue offer as 'cunning ploy' Russia has published the names of 18 U.S. citizens who are barred from Russia. The list includes those alleged to have been involved in the use of torture at Guantanamo bay. Russia bans 18 Americans from country in answer to US list Former Bush staffers and Guantanamo Bay commanders on list released in response to US Treasury visa bans New bird flu (H7N9) well adapted to quickly infect. One thing of concern is the pace at which we are seeing the identification of cases. US Center for Disease Control and Prevention says China bird flu death toll rises to 13 as more cases reported One of France's most dangerous gangsters, known for brazen attacks on cashintransit vehicles, on Saturday blasted his way out of jail after briefly taking several wardens hostage North Korea nuclear weapons agreement reached by U.S. and China | National Post Never mind aliens in outer space. Some scientists believe we may be sharing the planet with 'weird' lifeforms that are so different from our own they're invisible to us Prof Cleland calls this ethereal dimension the shadow biosphere New Zealand Marriage Equality Bill passes in to law Muslims worldwide have raced to social media websites to pray that perpetrators of a deadly bombing in Boston would not be Muslims Tanzania to evict Maasai people in favor of feepaying trophy hunters. The government has just announced that it plans to kick thousands of our families off our lands so that wealthy tourists can use them to shoot lions and leopards. 20 year old pregnant woman stomped on stomach in India after 'Godman' proclaims that she was carrying a female fetus The British Homeopathic Association confirms there is no evidence that homeopathic 'vaccines' protect against contagious diseases We recommend people seek out the conventional treatments Consulate Chinese national is 3rd victim in Boston marathon blasts 7 Dead, 61+ Injured Following Protest After Venezuela Election. Mexico's vigilante law enforcers Caught between the murderous drug cartels and absent or corrupt law enforcement, communities are taking the law into their own hands. In the state of Guerrero, a fledgling vigilante force has grown into an organisation numbering thousands. Thirteen injured in a bomb blast near the office of a political party in Bangalore, India US foe Cuba sends condolences for marathon attack Circuses to be banned from using wild animals | World news Pirate Bay cofounder charged with Hacking and Fraud North Korean exiles scoff at talk of war  It's not even possible for North Korea to have a war [Pakistan] US drone strike in South Waziristan kills five New Zealand expected to become 13th country in the world to legalise same sex marriage tonight. Soviet balloon probes may have seen rain on Venus The Saudi Marathon Man  The New Yorker The German military plans to withdraw from Afghanistan completely by the end of next year. As it pulls out, it leaves behind Afghan employees  some 1,700 of them  including interpreters, drivers and kitchen staff. The Taliban has threatened to kill the collaborators. Israeli city of Eilat hit by two rockets China's bird flu death toll is now at 16, and the government has warned that the number of infections could rise. Ethiopian Wins 2013 Boston Marathon At Age 23, Only His Second Marathon Ever. Pope Francis Supports Crackdown on US Nuns For Promoting Radical Feminist Themes Italy finds 1 in 5 beef samples contain horse meat 17 killed, 60 wounded in Peshawar ANP rally blast. North Korea Says It Isnt Opposed to Resuming Dialogue With U.S. 8.0 Earthquake strikes Iran 31 People killed in Explosions in Iraq Boston Marathon explosions dozens wounded as two blasts hit finish line Boston Marathon explosions two dead, 64 injured as 'bombs' hit race finish line Wherever we find Americans we will kill them, but we don't have any connection with the Boston Explosions  Pakistani Taliban Black Monday in Iraq 46 killed, almost 300 injured in series of attacks Sir Ian McKellen posts statement to remind all that Margaret Thatcher was in favor of and voted for Section 28, which was ...designed to slander homosexuality, by prohibiting state schools from discussing positively gay people and our 'pretended family relations'. And as we see the flags from the 50 countries participating in this event, still flying, we are reminded that this is not just a Boston or an American event, but a global event and a global tragedy CNN New Zealand set to legalize gay marriage US Black Hawk crashes near North Korean border. RE recent events at /r/worldnews. Three teenagers who beat a homeless man to death following a dare have been sentenced. Russia ready to help in investigation of Boston terror act  Kremlin 46 dead overnight in Iraq SecretaryGeneral of the United Nations, Ban KiMoon, openly declares support for LGBT equality. Anonymous hackers bring down North Korean websites for a second time North Korea warns, they won't warn South Korea. 37 killed, more than 140 wounded in nearly 20 separate attacks across Iraq A nonpartisan, independent review of interrogation and detention programs in the years after the Sept 11, 2001, terrorist attacks concludes that it is indisputable that the United States engaged in the practice of torture and that the nations highest officials bore ultimate responsibility for it. Boston Marathon explosions Pakistan Taliban says it was not behind bombs Video of the Boston Marathon bombing, recorded by Steve Silva at the finishing line. (DISTURBING CONTENT) President Barack Obama said in an interview broadcast Tuesday [16 April 2013] that North Korea likely does not have the ability to arm a ballistic missile with nuclear warheads. He also compared the Stalinist regime's recent belligerent rhetoric to a child's temper tantrum. 4,500yearold harbor structures and papyrus texts unearthed in Egypt. Archaeologists have stumbled upon what is thought to be the most ancient harbor ever found in Egypt, along with the country's oldest collection of papyrus documents, Egyptian authorities say. Please dont be a Muslim Boston marathon blasts draw condemnation and dread in Muslim world BBC News  Iran struck by magnitude 7.8 earthquake The UN says the ebola outbreak must be controlled within 60 days or else the world faces an unprecedented situation for which there is no plan. The United Nations made the stark warning as it warned the disease is running faster than us and it is winning the race. Iconic 2,500 year old Siberian princess 'died from breast cancer', reveals MRI scan. Preserved by ice, the 25 year old ancient woman covered in tattoos used cannabis to cope with her ravaging illness. Hong Kong Police filmed beating protester There is an outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo that is unrelated to the outbreak in West Africa. A millionaire couple who kept a girl from Pakistan as a slave in their Salford home have been ordered to pay her 100,000 in compensation Italy lifts out of recession thanks to hookers, drugs Italy learnt it was no longer in a recession on Wednesday thanks to a change in data calculations across the European Union which includes illegal economic activities such as prostitution and drugs in the GDP measure. Lockheed Claims Breakthrough on Fusion Energy Activists use GPS to track illegal loggers in Brazil's Amazon rainforest Hitech undercover operation used GPS tracking on timber trucks for the first time, as well as satellite and aerial images to reveal extent of illegal logging in Brazilian Amazon. 1/2 Earths Wildlife Gone, Govts Meet to Save the Rest  1000s of representatives of govts, NGOs, indigenous peoples, scientists & private sector at Pyeongchang conference working to speed up a global 'Strategic Plan for Biodiversity'. Wildlife populations have declined by 52% since 1970. Ebola cases now over 8900, death toll rises to 4,447, says WHO Eccentric Billionaire Saudi Prince Warns Falling Oil Prices Could Be A 'Catastrophe' Victoria has become the first Australian jurisdiction to erase old criminal convictions of people who were prosecuted for engaging in consenting homosexual sex Planet Sees Warmest September Ever Recorded NASA USled airstrikes reduce Islamic State's oil production by 70 percent strikes are frustrating the Islamic State's ability to both sell oil on the market and produce fuel for its tanks and vehicles. This has severely hurt the jihadists' finances. US, Russia vow intelsharing on Islamic State None of the bodies found in five mass graves in southern Mexico belonged to 43 teachers college students who have been missing for nearly three weeks since a clash with police Marijuana to be grown by Italian army  in order to bring the price down Ebola outbreak killing 70 percent of victims  WHO Embryonic stem cells have been used to restore vision in a landmark study Japan Airlines flight turns back after an attempted rape US calls for major reinterpretation of international drug laws Mexico Bodies Do Not Match Lost Students Turkey Decides to Hit Kurdish Rebels Instead of ISIS France Says Will Recognize State of Palestine If Talks Fail French FM If peace talks prove impossible, we'll recognize Palestinian state b'In a crowded civilian city, there are all sorts of people who cannot run away the elderly, the disabled, the pregnant, the terrified. This soldier was told to kill them.' b'Obama address the Iranian People' b'Depressionera law lets Iowa turkey farm pay mentally retarded workers 37 cents an hour' b'Another soldier, describing how a mother and her children were shot dead by a sniper after they turned the wrong way out of a house, says the atmosphere among troops was that the lives of Palestinians were very, very less important than the lives of our soldiers.' b'George Galloway banned from Canada' 'Don't wear anything that says AIG on it' Underfire insurer gives employees security tips as fury over bonuses grows b'U.N. rights envoy sees Israeli war crimes in Gaza' b'Slaughter of the seals in Russia is stopped by Vladimir Putin' b'1,417 Gaza war dead named by rights group Says twothirds of those killed were civilians; Israel disputes figures' b'Somalia is a state governed only by anarchy. A graveyard of foreignpolicy failures, it has known just six months of peace in the past two decades. Now, as the countrys endless chaos threatens to engulf an entire region, the world again simply watches it burn.' b'Whistleblower Barclays makes 1bn a year by tax avoidance.' b'Israel to investigate killings of civilians in Gaza operation...Any guesses how this will turn out?' b'Japanese Suicide Forest' Sarkozy under Pressure as 'Millions' Take to Streets b'You thought the Daily Mail was bad...' b'Blogger jailed in Iran is dead, lawyer says  CNN.com' b'nicholas kristof theres pretty good evidence that we generally dont truly want good information  but rather information that confirms our prejudices' Israel's chief of staff comes home early after doors close in Obama's Washington  b'The Last Eunuch' b'English takes over at Dutch universities' b'A Perfect Heist' b'Russian planes again fly over U.S. Navy ships' b'FBI planting spies in U.S. mosques, Muslim groups say' b'Symantec Overseas credit card scam exposed' b'Thousands of Iraqis held by U.S. to go free' b'Scenes from the recession' China's last eunuch spills secrets b'Israeli soldiers break ranks over Gaza war' b'Last white Zimbabwean farmers to be evicted' b'A headteacher whose health and career were ruined by false accusations of racism and religious discrimination at a primary school dominated by Muslims has won 400,000 in damages. ' b'Pope tells Muslims that true religion rejects violence' Bedouin villages in Israel don't get electricity because they are unrecognized. Illegal Jewish outposts do get electricity. How is this not Apartheid?   How I got my genes deleted  I've had my DNA struck from police records  now it's over to the rest of you 799,999 innocents b'Israeli soldiers break ranks over Gaza war' Can Israel dismiss its own troops' stories from Gaza? b'Former Nazi guard living in Wisconsin deported' b'Nineinten consumers in France, Germany and the UK want unrestricted Internet access to all websites and services online' Vatican insiders declare the Pope a 'disaster' Pope Benedict's repeated gaffes and the Vatican's inability to manage his message in the internet era are threatening to undermine his papacy, Vatican insiders have said.  b'Israeli soldiers admit shooting civilians dead during Gaza war' b'Millions take to the streets of France in protest' North Korea 'holds US reporters' b'U.N. rights envoy sees Israeli war crimes in Gaza' b'Why the Pope opposes condoms' b'Iranian Blogger Dies In Prison Under Suspicious Circumstances ' b'Israel troops admit Gaza abuses' Have Humans Created a New Epoch in Earth's History? b'Political leaders have to do God if they are to engage properly with the modern world, even if they personally have no religious faith, former prime minister Tony Blair said today.' b'A cruel trade across Vietnams border with China  kidnapping Hmong women' b'Life of kidnapped Canadian woman journalist in danger' b'Up to 1,000 Gambians have been kidnapped by witch hunters and forced to drink hallucinogenic potions at secret government detention centres, according to Amnesty International.' b'Taliban's new constitution  will execute foreign aid workers as spies; won't allow girls to go to schools' MEXICO UNDER SIEGE    Drug cartels' new weaponry means war Gunfire has broken out in the centre of Madagascar's capital Antananarivo as the army entered a residence of President Marc Ravalomanana b'Pakistan reinstates sacked Supreme Court chief justice  Independent judiciary restored after countrywide protests' b'Leftwinger wins El Salvador poll' b'Dungeon rape case dad pleads guilty to incest ' b'Far right joins Israel coalition. Wonderful.' b'UK Baroness The constant accusation of AntiSemitism to silence Israels critics is vindictive  YouTube'  Iranian drone 'shot down in Iraq' Ending America's Imperial Foreign Policy  Fareed Zakaria b'Vindicated An ExScientologists Account of Escape, Rebirth and Justice' b'Yakko Warner sings the names of all the countries of the world, including yours!  [vid]' b'Zamuda Sikujuwa shuffles to a bench in the sunshine, pushes apart her thighs with a grimace of pain and pumps her fist up and down in a lewdlooking gesture to show how the militiamen shoved an automatic rifle inside her' 'Likud lobby' stifling debate, says diplomat b'Isreali CEO of the company that has been spying on NSA, defrauded American investors can not be extradited' b'The New McCarthyism' Al Jazeera English  Middle East  Lieberman 'to be new Israel FM' b'Gordon Brown rejects call to set minimum prices for drinks, says he wants to protect sensible majority of moderate drinkers.  ' b'Foreign workers and students to be charged 50 to enter UK' b'Red Cross Torture Committed At CIA Sites  CBS News' b'Claims of British collusion in torture spread to Egypt' b'Sudanese president wants all foreign aid groups out within a year' b'Switzerland agrees to assist in the pursuit of tax cheats. This is a blow to UBS, accused of helping international investors avoid taxes from their home countries' b'Protest Against the Global Drug War  11.03.2009' Having taken Chas Freeman's scalp, the neoconservatives, GOP hardliners, and the Israel lobby are looking for fresh blood, and they might feel emboldened enough to start taking the the whole of Barack Obama's foreign policy. b'Holding hands in public, dancing, kissing and playing loud music in public are now considered inappropriate behaviour in Dubai' b'The worlds wealthiest individuals 2008 vs 2009 (chart)' b'Taiwanese boat caught with 1.6 tons of Shark fins off South African Coast' b'Israeli troops wound protesting American citizen' b'Uganda gets more money by sending mercenaries to Iraq than from its chief export' Riots erupt in Northern Ireland, police are petrolbombed as top republican is held over soldiers' murders b'Pakistan president under pressure after minister quits' Police lose evidence in 'racist' professor probe b'Bolivia passes land from rich to poor' b'Government of Brazil aims to have Spanish in secondary schools by 2010' b'Taliban threaten to kill aid workers as spies' b'Economic crisis could kill 400,000 children, warns Margaret Chan ' b'Pakistan police battle protesters as crisis grows' b'Lesbian women in South Africa are being raped by men who believe it will cure them of their sexual orientation' b'Rioting follows arrests in N. Ireland soldier killings  CNN.com' As Chinese troops seal off Tibet, Dalai Lama warns Tibetan identity 'near extinction' Now CocaCola feels force of Chvez and Venezuela's socialist revolution b'After holding huge protests, Pakistanis force government to restore independent judiciary. '  France's rendezvous with history Luton's Muslim extremists defy public anger Social networks 'are new email' b'Did Bangladesh Prevent Another Mumbai?' b'Should the Chinese decide not to lend the trillions of dollars the U.S. is begging for, the U.S. economy will implode, plummeting onto itself in a World Trade Centerlike collapse that will leave dust clouds circling the planet for decades.' b'Pakistani exPM Nawaz Sharif held' b'Pakistani opposition leader defies house arrest' b'Australian Government adds Wikileaks to banned website list ' b'A man who spent 27 years in jail for the murder of a barmaid in Southampton had his conviction quashed at the Court of Appeal today after DNA tests proved that he could not have been the killer' b'Israeli soldiers reveal true extent of Gaza war crimes' b'Why Lieberman is the worst thing that could happen to the Middle East ' The quote goes something like 'We will push them out into the ocean!', it has been attributed to every major Palestinian leader since Ben Gurion claimed it was said, not once has it been verified... Lieberman of Israel has suggested drowning Palestinians b'Why a tiny language spoken off the coast of South America might make a good universal second language' The long and sadistic history behind the CIA's torture techniques. b'After Gaza, Israel Grapples With Crisis of Isolation' Pope's attack on condoms sickens Aids campaigners b'Israel to Worsen Prisoner Conditions to Pressure Hamas' b'Israeli army hires P.I.s to spy on and blackmail women who claim religious exemption to military service' b'U.S. weighs expanded covert war in Pakistan' Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen was just a few paragraphs into an address at a St. Patrick's Day celebration at the White House when he realized something sounded way too familiar. Turns out, he was repeating the speech President Barack Obama had just given. b'A terror suspect awaiting extradition to the United States won 60,000 in damages from Scotland Yard yesterday after being beaten and assaulted by the officers who arrested him. ' b'Sean Hodgson who spent 27 years in jail for murder has been released.' b'On the contrary Obama takes the war on terror up a notch' b'Reports Russia Confirms Iran Missile Contract' France condemns Pope's remarks on condoms in Africa b'For sale  an English village' Pope's condom stance under fire b'Unmarried Childbirths in U.S. Reach Record Levels' Protests greet Bush's first speech as expresident b' The Pope Is Wrong on Condoms' b'France chastises Pope on condoms (The French foreign ministry has voiced sharp concern following the Pope's rejection of condom use to fight Aids.)' b'What made you change your mind so suddenly? asked the judge, Andrea Hummer.  The video testimony of my daughter Elisabeth, Fritzl replied in a gruff voice. I accept my guilt in all the charges presented. ' b'UK  The Lib Dems would restore people's right to privacy which has been trampled on by the government, party leader Nick Clegg is to say.' b'In Thailand, a populist political party wins by a landslide . As PM, the partys leader enacts policies that halve poverty. The established elites fight back, eventually staging a military coop. We had to stop democracy to save democracy, they say. ' b'A 29yearold tourist from the Philippines has spent five days in custody after Australian Customs officials mistook iced tea for drugs.' b'Should flight attendants be allowed to refuse to fly with a pilot they believe to be suicidally depressed?' b'Irish Catholic church paid child sex abuse victim to keep quiet' b'Palestine names street after Rachel Corrie' b'Finally  Irelands most corrupt banker arrested. ' b'Adolf Hitler widely admired in Pakistan.' b'Gaza fires rockets at civillians in Southern Israel, kills kibbutz worker' b'A series of explosive child sex abuse scandals has hit Western Europe in recent months, sending the Catholic Church into damagecontrol mode. This is the list.' b'Silvio Berlusconi in protection deal with mafia' b'Silvio Berlusconi caught trying to stifle media' b'UN body rejects bluefin tuna ban' b'North Korean finance official blamed for currency crisis executed by firing squad' Briton is recognised as world's first officially genderless person. b'Fresh tensions between Canada and Russia emerged Wednesday after Russian President Dmitry Medvedev told a session of his Security Council that his country must be prepared to defend its claims to Arctic mineral riches.' b'Police or provocateurs?' b'51 Headless Vikings in English Execution Pit Confirmed' b'Retired U.S. general links Srebrenica genocide to  gays in Dutch army' Paris Club forgives Afghanistan's debt, a deal worth 1 billion dollars. b'   Three jailed for Auschwitz sign theft    Twoandahalf years in prison for stealing the infamous Arbeit Macht Frei sign from the Auschwitz death camp.' b'Vatican ends wall of silence over child abuse scandal' b'Central Bank Gold Holdings Expand at Fastest Pace Since 1964   Bloomberg.com' b'North Korean finance chief executed for botched currency reform' b'Web inventor calls for government data transparency' b'Iraqi jailed for 3 years for Bush shoe attack (could have been 15)' b'Seeing BBC.co.uk with ads is like seeing your dad giving Satan a reacharound' b'Italy formally abolishes the death penalty for all purposes' b'Muslim Woman Asked to Leave Line at Credit Union Because of  Head Scarf' b'The grassmud horse is an example of something that, in Chinas authoritarian system, passes as subversive behavior. Conceived as an impish protest against censorship, the foulnamed little horse has made government censors look ridiculous.' Raped and killed for being a lesbian South Africa ignores 'corrective' attacks b'Hamas issues rare criticism of Gaza rocket fire' DNA proves Bolsheviks killed all of Russian czar's children  b'LONG LIVE IRAQ  man who threw shoe at Bush jailed for three years' b'Potential ecological disaster off the coast of Brisbane as tanker loses containers of ammonium nitrate and 20 tonnes of fuel into the sea' b't  Italy drops CIA rendition case High Court threw out evidence because it was classified information.' Iran's 'illegal' rappers want cultural revolution b'UK Police race to stop Real IRA bomb plot' b'A Dirty Pun Tweaks Chinas Online Censors' b'Defense Secretary Robert Gates says U.S. will be more cautious before starting preemptive wars' b'Chas Freeman speaks out on his lynching by AIPAC' b'Madoff faces life in prison after expected guilty plea' b'Pakistani government making preemptive arrests before antigov rally...how much can one country take at one time?' b'Madagascar on the brink of civil war' b'Sensational new Mayan archaeological find at El Mirador in Guatemala' b'Muslim preacher mocks fallen British soldiers' b'Germany school killer gave warning in online chatroom' b'Someone explain the UK newsprints? Tabloids or Real News.' b'Angola rabies outbreak kills 83 children' Beth Israel Hospital avoids layoffs by everyone's contributions UK would like to force the EU to end net neutrality. Can't you guys in Britain get your MPs under control? b'10 dead after teen shooting rampage at German school (according to german sources, 13)' b'Bolivia expels second US diplomat for having CIA links' b'Military to use new gel that stops bullets ' b'The global drug charade Flying in the face of all the evidence, the UN is about to recommit to the tried and FAILED approach' b' Just this past week in the East Jerusalem area, 88 homes in alBustan, 55 homes in Shufat refugee camp, 35 Bedouin homes on the JerusalemJericho Road, and 66 homes in alIsawiyya were slated for destruction, affecting more than 2,000 Palestinians, most of whom have lived there for generations.' b'The Economist The Only Way To Stop The Failed Global Drug War Is To Legalize All Drugs' b'Madoff Charged With 11 Felonies, Faces 150 Years in Prison' Tariq Aziz, for many years the public face of Saddam Hussein's Iraqi regime, has been jailed for 15 years for his role in the execution of 42 merchants. Secret message in Abraham Lincoln's watch revealed b'AlJazeeras coverage of dictators is more honest than APs' b'France ends fourdecade NATO rift' b'BBC NEWS | World | Europe | France ends fourdecade Nato rift' b'US Congress eases curbs on Cuba' Putin curbs 'bloody' seal hunt; Whitecoat pups and parents to be protected, Russian PM says China's Navy flexes it's muscles over US sub hunting ship in South China Sea b'Gunman Massacres At Least Seven in Alabama ' b'Pakistan  Swat Valley Sharia implemented on 16 March' b'Northern Ireland back to the past?' b'British Troops Jeered by Muslim Protesters at Homecoming Parade  Video 3/10/09' Gunman's day of bloodshed leaves at least 10 dead in south Alabama  Breaking News Detroit's Beautiful, Horrible Decline [pics] b'Teen gunman dead after killing 15 at German school' b'School massacre in Germany latest 17yearold gunman on the run in city centre' b'Chas Freeman withdrew his nomination. Israel lobby smear campaign a success.' What will Americans do when it's not an Arab woman wailing over a stricken figure, but an American woman?  Graphic video of the shooting of a 37yearold Californian by an Israeli soldier during nonviolent protests yesterday. IDF fire tear gas canister at the head of an American protesting against the Israeli occupation, seriously injured ''He had a large hole in the front of his head, and his brain was visible.'' b'The success of drug decriminalization in Portugal' b'Rape Trees Found Along Southern US Border' b'The success of drug decriminalization in Portugal  IDPC evaluation of results (PDF)' Israel's new defence minister accused of war crime  Times Online b'Iran unblocks Facebook' b'Australian man pleads guilty to downloading Simpsons & Pokemon porn. Convicted & fined. ' b'Fake US passports still easy to get 8 years after 911' b'very serious situation,  Australian oil spill bigger than estimated...owner of freighter failed to report size of the spill ' China 'worried' about US Treasury holdings b'Saudis order 40 lashes for elderly woman for mingling' WTF?! All travellers departing the UK will have their trip recorded on a Gov't database for a decade b'Apartheid Israel now had a new military doctrine go nuts' b'The Obama administration stopped calling Guantanamo inmates enemy combatants and incorporated international law as its basis for holding the prisoners while it works to close the facility.' b'Singapore sues another Wall Street Journal editor report' b'Concern Grows in the U.S. That the Drug War Is Destablizing Mexico' b'I checked my sprint bill recently, and beware.  3rd party companies can charge your phone bill.' b'Why Do You Live There? You're White! Singapore expats force to give up luxurious life as times get tough.' b'This is the end for tax havens' b'Pakistan on edge as Zardari arouses rebellion' b'Hassan Nasrallah Hezbollah will never recognize Israel's right to exist. At least he's consistent.' b'Russian strategic bombers may be based in Cuba in the future' b'Woman meets modelling agent on social networking site ... you can guess the rest.' Darfur aid hostages 'not freed' Israel's 22day offensive in the Hamasruled Gaza Strip killed 1,434 people, including 960 civilians, 239 police officers and 235 fighters b'Madagascar Soldiers ignore orders to shoot protestors. Prepare to defend people. ' b'The chief executive of Sony France is being held hostage by factory workers angry at their severance packages.' b'A Handy Guide To What the Hell Just Happened in Darfur' b'An American Pastime Smoking Pot' b'Potential conflict brewing U.S. warships head for South China Sea after standoff between China and U.S. over the weekend' b'Vampire unearthed in Venice plague grave (Reuters)' b'British Intelligence thought Iraq weapons claims were laughable' b'Dutch judge orders teens to visit Anne Frank House museum after finding them guilty of discrimination for insulting Jews at a rally' b'List of goods Israel is blocking from Gaza continues to grow; now includes toilet paper, soap, toothpaste, and the primary ingredient for hummus, chickpeas' b'Doctors Without Borders exit Darfur' b'Man dressed as Batman character the Joker shot dead by police' Sinn Fein leaders attend shot policeman's funeral  the first time party members attend the funeral of a security forces officer killed by a republican group b'Gitmo Detainees No Longer Enemy Combatants' U.S. disagrees with British decision to engage Lebanon's Hezbollah b'Obama Considers Moving Troops to Mexico Border' b'Chavez takes over transport links' b'Japan threat to shoot down N. Korean satellite' b'Sea volcano blows its top 300km off New Zealand coast' b'Switzerland eases banking secrecy for the first time. UBS might have to provide details of 52,000 American account holders to the IRS!' b'New UK Memos Support Sexed Up Iraq Dossier Claim' b'German police gets trolled by krautchan.nettard on amok run' b'Salam Pax (Iraqi blogger) The pen is mightier than the shoe' b'No more enemy combatant status for Gitmo detainees...IS the US going legit?' b'Does this tattoo make me look like an assassin?' Finland's right to broadband law is all about preventing the gov't from cutting off citizens' Internet access for bullshit political reasons Haitian Farmers Fight Back Against Monsanto  Concerned that giant multinational corporations are attempting to gain a larger foothold in the local economy, they call on farmers to burn any Monsanto seeds already distributed, and demand that the government reject further shipments. Lebanon's Shia Muslim leader dies  the CIA attempted his assassination in 1985 with a car bombing that killed some 80 civilians 5 yr olds & the truth  study into false sexual abuse stories This may be Britain's Abu Ghraib  The allegations of torture by British soldiers in Iraq bear chilling comparison with America's worst excesses US warships headed to Costa Rica in order to fight War on Drugs Jaroslaw Kaczynski has conceded defeat in Poland's presidential elections after exit polls suggested he had lost to Bronislaw Komorowski. The precise compilation of western casualties contrasts with almost criminal neglect in tracking the numbers of Afghan civilians killed since 2001. If Afghanistan is the good war then why are we not demanding to be accurately told how many skeletons there are in the Afghan closet? Compromise between Hong Kongs democrats and Chinese officials will allow a majority of legislators to be elected by popular vote for the first time in Hong Kongs history Iran 'has proof US kidnapped missing scientist' Ecuador authorities seize 30 meter drugsmuggling sub A Russian oligarch is facing the biggest divorce payment in history after his wife demanded a 3.8 billion settlement Why does the world buy into Tony Blair?  PAKISTAN The ISI severely torture a soldier for five years on false charges of spying for India BBC News  Call to ban rugby scrums in schools Will Europe still be a military power in the 21st century?  

This question would seemed absurd in the 16th, 17th, 18th, 19th, or 20th centuries, all of which had their different versions of European military power.  Saudi King Halts Oil Exploration to Save Wealth This video is for all the people who were mad at the vandalism and said Cops are just people trying to do their job!  Where is your outrage now that its pretty clear this was a set up?  Permission granted  Tensions flare again as Israel proposes to expand settlements Private armies getting stronger in the Philippines WHO Medical equipment still banned from Gaza Indonesian Islamists Threaten Christians 1Mbps Broadband Becomes a Legal Right... in Finland Good job BP, Miami  now faces up to 80% chance of BP Oil Lebanon's Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah dies at 74 To check mates claim, chess champion Bobby Fischer is exhumed in Iceland. British Medical Association labels gay conversion therapy harmful, discredited What was happening at G20 in Toronto, Canada  Police surround and attack small group of protesters at Queen and Spadina   Toronto G20 Police threaten to rape and torture journalist and female protesters. Male officers strip search and cavity search females.  Why do you hate us? [the US officer asked], Because you blow down our doors, enter our houses, pull our women by the hair and kick our children. We cannot accept this. We will fight back, and we will break your teeth, and when your teeth are broken you will leave...It is just a matter of time. An ugly paradox of the 21st century is that some of our elegant symbols of modernity  smartphones, laptops and digital cameras  are built from minerals that seem to be fueling mass slaughter and rape in Congo. Iranian mother of two to be stoned to death Police at G20 There is no civil rights here in Ontario, how many times do you need to be told that? (455)  repost from /r/canada Consensus on ACTA Transparency Breaks Down U.S. Opposing Release of Secret Copyright Treaty Taser abuse covered up by police Report shows Police used tasers far too often and in a dangerous manner.
  Turkey Hundreds of Kurdish children jailed on terror charges The power of nightmares Chinas proposed sale of nuclear reactors to Pakistan will intensify nuclear rivalry with India. But the damage will go far wider  Leaked Luntz Poll Majority of Americans dont support Israeli flotilla raid The European Union has agreed to new rules limiting banker's bonuses in an effort to curtail shortsighted investments. It is the latest EU effort to apply the lessons learned from the financial crisis. Airports in England, Germany, the UAE have refused to give fuel to Iranian planes BREAKING Israel drops all restrictions on the free 
flow of consumer goods into the Gaza Strip, 
restricting only a short blacklist of weapons and 
construction materials which could be used by 
militants. Billions of dollars are being secreted out of Kabul to help wellconnected Afghans buy luxury villas in Dubai. Amid concerns that the money could be the result of corruption, American politicians have temporarily cut off aid to the Afghan government. Lockerbie Bomber Not Dying After All BBC News  China jails US geologist for stealing state secrets BP boss building 1.3m Spanish villa to escape oil spill mess Thousands Arrested in Fuel Price Protests in India Racism in Mexico rears its ugly head Are Mexicans Racist? Australian Tomato prices are expected to increase after more than 5 million plants were poisoned at two north Queensland properties. Swiss close to deciding on extradition of Roman Polanski Iraq female genital mutilation continues in Kurdish Iraq Israeli judge We must learn from the Nazi tactics, to improve the State of Israel's PR efforts in the world Four journalists have filed complaints with Ontario's police watchdog, alleging physical assaults and threats of sexual violence by police during the Toronto G20 summit, their lawyer says. Some half a million Israelis are now living over the 
Green Line more than 300,000 in 121 settlements 
and about one hundred outposts, which control 42 
percent of the land area of the West Bank  
B'Tselem Israeli soldiers to be prosecuted for using Palestinians as a human shield in last Gaza War Colossal waste of money South Africa's 10 new stadiums face uncertain future Ugandan LGBT Advocate Found Beheaded Exposed The truth about Israel's land grab in the West Bank  Jewish settlers, who claim a divine right to the whole of Israel, now control more than 42 per cent of the occupied West Bank, representing a powerful obstacle to the creation of a Palestinian state US scientists create HIVresistant cells Death by Remote But Is It Legal?  extrajudicial executions ... are punishable as a war crime says 1998 UN report This spring, it looked as though the Catholic Church was finally going to confront charges of sexual abuse head on. Following recent police raids in Belgium, however, the Vatican has once again closed ranks. In the internal Holy See debate, the conservatives have regained the upper hand. Pakistan Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Omar 'arrested' Money laundering in Zimbabwe You're doing it wrong Cockney to disappear from London 'within 30 years' NYT As the United States seeks to end a fourdecade Jewish settlement enterprise, the American Treasury helps sustain the settlements through tax breaks on donations to support them. A U.S. geologist has been sentenced to eight years in a Chinese prison for allegedly violating state secret laws. Clinton criticizes Russia for occupying Georgia Turkey wants Israel apology, Israel rejects demand  Have you ever heard of these tunnels? Pressure on Sarkozy over allegations he took illegal gifts
 Seoul wants 'clear and firm' UN message to N.Korea
 Mexico thwarts Hezbollah bid to set up South American network  TwoThirds Of Iran Air Fleet Banned From Flying Into EU AntiBeer Demonstrators Arrested at Beer Festival  First of all, this event was not against alcohol in general, but against substandard beer and against the culture of people getting together en masse and drinking this horrible beer..., said organizer Andrei Pesotsky. Swedish party leader sets USD 20.000 on fire to kick off campaign Poll Most Germans Want to Dump Euro, Return to Deutschmark  More than half of Germans reportedly want to go back to the deutschmark, 11 years after they dumped it for the euro.
 A woman who suffered severe facial burns during the 7/7 terror attacks in London five years ago is showing off her new face to the world Mullets Are Officially Illegal in Iran Messopotamia is still being looted. Still. Over $200 Million In TaxExempt Funds Have Been Sent To Extremist Jewish Settlers By American NonProfits In The Past 10 Years Two gay men who said they faced persecution in their home countries have the right to asylum in the UK, the Supreme Court has ruled.  IDF objector sprays 'Free Gaza' graffiti on Warsaw Ghetto wall The Case Against Kissinger Deepens One of the key figures to stand in the way of Chilean generals plotting to overthrow Allende was the Chilean army commanderinchief, Rene Schneider, who was killed during a botched kidnapping attempt by military rightwingers in 1970 Britain prepares for the collapse of BP Queen Elizabeth II makes first U.N. speech since 1957 
Charges have been laid against the soldier who released the Iraq bombing videos to Wikileaks. Moscow curators face 3 years in prison for exhibit that offended Russian Orthodox ChurchA Lesson for America??;The church has become an instrument of censorship like it was during czarist times, said Gleb Yakunin, 76, a priest and Sovietera dissident...It wants to control culture Son urges Iranian courts to stop mother's death by stoning Israel allows Palestinian newspapers into Gaza, Hamas bans them Private information on innocent European citizens will be handed over to U.S. law enforcement authorities under an agreement slated for approval by the European Parliament this week Russian government offers 'spy swap' deal to US UK Terrorism Stop & Search Power Violates Rights  450,000 people stopped & searched, zero people successfully prosecuted Cuba has agreed to free 52 political prisoners and allow them to leave the country in what would be the island's largest mass liberation of dissidents since Pope John Paul II visited in 1998. China executes top official for corruption Police question Belgian cardinal in child abuse probe
 Canadian Court Rules ISPs Not Broadcasters May Require Net Neutrality and Block Content Levy IDF investigation of Gaza war crimes, including 
pointblank killing of civilians in front of their 
families, has yielded a scapegoat ... What is clear is 
that the members of the AlSamouni family were 
not killed due to the error of a single soldier.   
Haaretz Daily Newspaper | Israel News Poland to extradite Israeli agent to Germany
 Burma Does today's most notorious military dictatorship pose a third potential nuclear threat after North Korea and Iran? Send a postcard to Benjamin Netanyahu.  Download 
and print. Report Secret document affirms U.S.Israel nuclear partnership, despite the fact that Israel is not a signatory of the Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty UK government launches Your Freedom  seeks public's opinion on which laws should be repealed (Digital Economy Bill seems to have quite a few detractors already...) Blair to receive US peace medal (not the Onion) May I introduce Germany's new first lady! 
And yes that is a real tattoo.   UK Iraq Whistleblower 'Was Too Weak To Have Killed Himself  Dr David Kelly was found dead in woodland near his home in Oxfordshire in 2003 after he was exposed as the source of a BBC report that questioned the govt's case for war in Iraq. NinjaVideo and many other streaming video sites shut down in the past hours...by the Dept of Homeland Security?  Seven years after we liberated them the citizens of Baghdad get less than five hours of electricity per day.  What was it like before we delivered democracy? Icelandic leader in milestone gay marriage  Iceland's prime minister made history last week when she wed her girlfriend, becoming the world's first head of government to enter a gay marriage. Australia to ban ultraskinny models Without US aid, Israeli state would fail  Israel is a regional superpower with solid economy and strong army, but if the American administration decides to stop military, financial, economic and political aid, any Israeli government would fall to its knees. Palestinian leader gives interview to Israel; Israeli Prime Minister announces agreement to release 1,000 Palestinian prisoners in exchange for the 1 IDF soldier held captive by Hamas. Looks like progress is being made. D Children beaten by Bangladeshi police as they join garment workers' strikes Iran declares boycott on Coca Cola, Intel and 'Zionists'  Amnesty International Calls For Public Inquiry Into G20 Policing  Somalia in the Good Old Days More men seek help with forced marriages Two sentenced to death in Iran for killing demonstrators in custody G20 cops threatened women with rape China strike wave continues  Sweden Ends Compulsory Military Service  Sweden on July 1 ended 109 years of obligatory military service, setting the Scandinavian nation on the way to becoming a fully professional army. Ryanair to sell 5 tickets for standingroom only flights  Finland has become the first country in the world to make broadband internet access a legal right for all citizens. Deaths in Turkey clashes with Kurds  France is embarking on a grand experiment  how to diversify the overwhelmingly white grandes coles, the elite universities that have produced French leaders in every walk of life  Russia to deliver 50 armored vehicles to Palestine UN summer camp in Gaza attacked  Two dozen masked men have vandalised a UN summer camp for children in Gaza, burning and slashing tents, toys and a plastic swimming pool. Australian woman sues a fivestar hotel in the United Arab Emirates after she was drugged and raped by coworkers and jailed for eight months for adultery Israel threatens to take action if UN recognizes Palestinian statehood Syria's Government Has Resigned Russia Eliminates Daylight Saving Time. A little English village church has just made a remarkable discovery. The ornate old Bible that had been sitting in plain view on a table near the last row of pews for longer than anyone could remember is an original King James Bible  one of perhaps 200 surviving 400yearold original editions... Japan on Maximum nuclear alert Bolivian President Evo Morales is on a mission to legalize coca leaves, which has legitimate uses aside from being turned into cocaine Dutch bankers' bonuses axed by people power EU to ban cars from cities by 2050 North Korea asks South Korea for help on a possible volcano eruption. Egyptian Cabinet passes a law criminalizing protests 4 days after a protest invoked constitutional referendum passed. British government finally apologises for a soldier who shot a 12yearold girl in the back as she walked to church. Soldier not jailed. Wikileaks A pink box found at one of the 26/11 Mumbai attack sites that India would not give to FBI  Libyan Rape Victim Still Being Held In Gadhafi Compound French Constitutional Council Validates Internet Censorship Pakistan's secret dirty war. Mutilated corpses bearing the signs of torture keep turning up, among them lawyers, students and farm workers Syrian government resigns amid unrest, announces that emergency law and restrictions on civil liberties will be overturned WSJ.com  The Middle East Crisis Has Just Begun China's most prestigious seat of learning, Peking University, is planning to screen students for 'radical thoughts ProLibya, AntiUS Protest Held in Uganda President Yemen is a ticking time bom Gaddafi troops force rebels back Progovernment forces have intensified their attacks on Libyan rebels, driving them back tens of kilometres over ground they had taken in recent days. Taliban Seize District in Eastern Afghanistan from 
Afghan police Deaths and thousands infected with dengue in Paraguay and Bolivia  NFK Crane in Reactor #3 collapsed onto fuel rods (140)