 Poland found explosives on wreckage of president's planereport
 Since ACTA was decisively beaten on 4th July 2012.. by the people of EU member nations, the big business lobbyists have taken heed and resolved to change in order to be more successful. Hence the secrecy. CETA and the EUIndia trade agreement are the next big battles.  Bank of England Official  Occupy Movement Right About Global Recession Worlds 1st hepatitis E vaccine is rolling out of a Chinese factory, promising to stem a virus that infects 20m people & claims 70,000 lives a year.  It's a victory for a rare publicprivate partnership in Chinas growing biotechnology sector &  deliver other vaccines overlooked in the West. 16 year old female Egyptian scientists finds new catalysts for using plastic waste as biofuel feedstock. Michael Ignatieff's timely warning on the politics of fascism  Democracy is not a battle of wills with a prize of victory and defeat...but Fascism is.  Imam Shot Dead in Russia   Attackers killed an imam & 2  relations as they drove to a mosque.  The cleric delivered sermons calling for peace.  Islamists have been blamed for attacks on moderate Muslims in the region. In China, a CCTV footage shows teacher abusing a mentally disabled child who slipped into unconsciousness. The child is now severely brain damaged. Bank of England Director Andrew Haldane Occupy were right all along; credit due for stirring reform Tsunami money spent on unrelated jobs  Money to rebuild Japan's devastated areas has been spent on unrelated projects, including a contact lens factory & research whaling. Over 1/2  has yet to be disbursed. Nearly all 340,000 evacuated  remain uncertain whether, when & how they'll resettle. Popular Somali poet, playwright & songwriter gunned down in Mogadishu  He wrote & acted in radio plays critical of the militant group, alShabab, who he accused of misleading people in the name of Islam. It May Be Too Late to Stop Global Warming  ABC News Don't call them French fries. Belgium, where the frite is all important, celebrates its national treasure. Last week, seven Tibetans set themselves on fire in as many days, bringing the total of selfimmolations on the troubled high plateau to more than 60 people since March 2011

 Hamas clip shows rockets fired from populated area Syrian air force general 'killed by rebels' Italian quake wiretapped evidence suggests scientists were pressured into giving a reassuring statement. Associated Press No explosives found on Polish President's plane wreckage Reports Iranian Warships Dock In Sudan 65 dead as Hurricane Sandy crosses Caribbean; 'the whole south is under water,' says Haitian PM (with video) Moscow police 'discover brothel on monastery premises' German official says expansion of renewable energy production outpacing forecastsProjections indicate that clean energy will account for 48% of German electricity production by 2022 Syrian Warplanes Bombard Rebels With 60 Airstrikes Japanese airport shut after second world war bomb found Turkey police disperse prosecular protesters  Tear gas and water cannons used to disband thousands marching in Ankara to mark Republic Day. Nationwide protests under way in Russia Universal Censors Megaupload Song, Gets Branded a Rogue Label Mrs. Clinton warns India, China and other countries that restrictions on the Internet threatened not only basic freedoms and human rights, but also international commerce and the free flow of information China Awards Peace Prize to Putin.  The Confucius Peace Prize was hastily launched last year as an alternative to the Nobel Peace Prize which had just honored imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo. Women's rights in Israel challenged by ultraOrthodox  including singing in public. Dutch apologize for 1947 executionstyle massacre of hundreds of Indonesians Putin Out, Russian protesters chant Police now believe 803 had phones hacked in U.K. media scandal Moscow election protest draws thousands Demonstrations held in at least 50 other Russian cities Chavez's 40year plan to cure Venezuela's ills Socialism, socialism and more socialism Nobel Peace Prize awarded in Oslo. The 2011 Nobel Peace Prize is presented jointly to three women at a ceremony in Oslo One in three toys made in China contains heavy metals, and one in 10 excessive levels of lead, while labels do not warn of the presence of such substances, according to new research.
 Only 6 Countries in the World Have Sound Pension Systems. Photos of people protesting in Moscow, Russia taken from helicopter. Massive  Saudi Universities Offer Cash in Exchange for Academic Prestige Syrian Forces Kill 43 Protesters, Children, Activist Says Fake Twitter chatter drowns out Russian protesters Thousands Gather in Russia to Protest Legislative Elections  Marchers in Moscow protest what they called fraudulent elections, forcing the Kremlin to confront a level of public anger that has not been seen since Vladimir Putin first became president. Thousands Gather in Russia to Protest Legislative Elections Australian leads immunisation revolution (Vid) Russia The long life of Homo Sovieticus  Soviet politics was an artificial construct of doublethink, paternalism, suspicion and isolationism. Putinism is more of the samewith new characteristics such as cynicism and aggression. Change needed. Don't hold your breath Tens of thousands of Russians join nationwide vote protest
 Germany violated civil rights by not compensating everyone injured by a tangled property dispute stretching across the country's Nazi and socialist eras, the European Court of Human Rights ruled Research In Motion execs who caused plane to be diverted 'chewed through restraints' Portugal raids pension funds to meet deficit targets Forced marriages are to become a criminal offence in UK Japan causes outrage after confirming it's diverting millions of pounds tagged for the reconstruction of its tsunamidevastated coast to protect its annual Antarctic whalehunt from environmental activists  Pakistan says U.S. drones in its air space will be shot down A man convicted of raping his daughter has been sentenced by a Saudi court to receive 2,080 lashes over a 13year prison term. North Korea furious at South's Christmas lights plan  North Korea has warned South Korea of unexpected consequences if it lights up a Christmas treeshaped tower near their tense border. Moscow protesters want 'free elections, not revolution' Palestinian shot by teargas canister in West Bank dies Outrage at UK's $1bn Loan to Brazil Oil Giant  UK broke promise to champion British firms investing in clean energy, say Greenpeace & World Wildlife Fund  The firm was involved in 18 major spills between 19752001 resulting in 150 killed.  In 2010, it shut down for safety reasons. Moscow yesterday  Mexico Drug Gangs Up Ante With HighTech Tunnels  Features include a hydraulic lift entrance opened by a fake water tap & elevator & electric rail tracks.  One tunnel stretched 2.5 miles. (With Photo) Jeffrey Sachs That's not a free market, that's a game. The controversial economist talks about the collapse of the global financial system and how to end the crisis.
 Magnitude 6.7 earthquake rocks Guerrero, Mexico Scotland Yard 800 Were Hacked By The News of 
the World Germany is the most grownup country in the world today  it really represents the age of educated middleclass culture. Romania must come clean over secret prisons | Amnesty International Russian Government television fully covered Saturdays protests in Moscow  A Clear Frustration in Europe. Cameron 
manoeuvred himself into a populist corner from 
which he would no longer emerge. Europe doesn't 
need you. ''In a crisis, a partner must above all be 
loyal and ready to compromise.  The other 
partners must now marginalize Britain. Tory MP regrets stag party's Nazi toasts, SS costumes and waiter taunts One person was injured in southern Lebanon Sunday when a rocket apparently fired toward Israel hit a Lebanese border village On Russian TV News, in Startling Shift, Straightforward Account of Days Events British Prime Minister David Camerons veto of E.U. pact splinters his coalition Internet poses increasing danger to Kremlin's authority   The Internet has proven instrumental in challenging the Kremlin and mobilizing demonstrators to rally in protest of voting irregularities and accusing the government of election fraud. Chinas Amateur Spying Problem  Many see Chinas economic espionage as state directed. Actually, marketization of its defense and hightech industries means there are plenty of freelancers.
 Two local politicians from Norways populist Progress Party have called for fines to be issued to people who give money to beggars.
 Beyond Guantnamo, a Web of Prisons for Terrorism Inmates A South Korean coastguard was stabbed to death by a Chinese fisherman Monday in an operation to apprehend a Chinese vessel operating illegally near South Korean waters As Canada's govt attempts to drag the country back into the last century with its drug and crime policies, a new drug reform umbrella group  Canadian Drug Policy Coalition (CDPC)  emerges to fight for smart, sensible, evidencebased alternatives Man throws shoes at Iranian president Ahmadinejad UK police to test laser that 'blinds rioters'  The shouldermounted laser emits a blinding wall of light capable of repelling rioters Burning for Freedom SelfImmolation in China   Tibetan Buddhists have been burning themselves alive in China as an act of political protest Poland Treatment Not Jail Drug Law Now in Effect 'Cleansed' Libyan Town Spills Its Terrible Secrets  


A few months ago, Tawergha in northern Libya was a town of 30,000 inhabitants. Now it lies empty. What happened to the people who lived there? And what does it say about reconciliation in postGaddafi Libya? Israel agrees to further expand major Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Could the desert sun power the world? Green electricity generated by Sahara solar panels is being hailed as a solution to the climate change crisis
 Zimbabwe thinks about using Chinese yuan Russian Billionaire (and NBA owner) Mikhail Prokhorov to Challenge Putin for Russia's Presidency Mysterious explosion kills 7, injures 16 in Iran Salafist party vows to ban alcohol, beach tourism in Egypt Cambodia prison labor concerns  A new law legalizes the use of prison labor by private companies, putting Cambodia's sweatshopfree reputation on the line.
 Britain is ruled by the banks, for the banks.

Is David Cameron's kidglove treatment of the City remotely justified, when it neither pays its way nor lends effectively?
 Member of the Iranian parliament's National Security Committee said on Monday that the military was set to practice its ability to close the Gulf to shipping at the narrow Strait of Hormuz, the most important oil transit channel in the world, but there was no official confirmation. Canada to withdraw from Kyoto Protocol The Web vs. Putin Taking on Russia's Old Guard with New Technology   The Kremlin seems powerless to stop the online activists as Russians lose their fear. For the first time, Vladimir Putin seems vulnerable. New Canadians will now have to show their faces when swearing the oath of citizenship SuperRich Israelis No Longer Ashamed To Flaunt Their Wealth Israel, despite socialist roots, now has a huge income gap. Displays of riches, such as a $2million wedding and a 'Real Housewives'style show, draw awe and contempt. BBC journalist killed in New Zealand street attack   Telegraph AlQaeda fighters tunnel out of Yemen jail Its very likely China will see a trade deficit in the next quarter, said Shen, who previously worked at the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. Putin dismisses election anullment A Chinese man accused of rioting in Guangdong province dies in police custody, with analysts saying his death could stoke tensions.
 Deadly blasts rock Belgian city Beijing air pollution goes from 'hazardous' to off the charts, literally Canada becomes first nation to pull out of Kyoto Protocol Massive methane leak off the coast of Russia. Hundreds of plumes detected, some over a kilometer wide. We will reverseengineer US drone and mass produce it in the near future, says top Iranian MP An Italian man has opened fire in two markets in central Florence, killing two Senegalese traders and injuring three others Hizbullah outs 10 CIA spies on Lebanese television Syria crackdown has killed 5,000 people, UN says Tunisias assembly elects human rights activist as interim president [Washington Post] 2008 email alerted James Murdoch to hacking  the first documentation that he may have been notified of the wider problem long before he has admitted. Minister in charge of Australia's broadcasting standards drops the fbomb on live TV Chinese Fishermen File Suit Against ConocoPhillips  Over 100 fishermen filed a lawsuit today seeking compensation, blaming oil spills from some of its offshore wells for damage to their sea cucumber catches Ten Years Of Medical Marijuana  Wide range of medical marijuana users find relief in pot, despite government misgivings. Iran Plans to Hold Military Drill to Close Strait of Hormuz; Oil Surges to $100  A Fake Challenger for Vladimir Putin?  Billionaire New Jersey Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov has declared his intention to run against Vladimir Putin for the Russian presidency in March. But opposition figures say his candidacys a sham to help legitimize the election. Crisis looms for private schools in Saudi Arabia as 9,000 teachers quit In a blast to Climate Change legislation, Canada to withdraw from Kyoto Protocol.  Canada under fire over Kyoto protocol exit. Environment Minister Peter Kent ''Kyoto is not the path forward for a global solution for climate change.'' Iran must chose between a bomb or survival Israel ... We believe that in order to stop the Iranian military nuclear project, the regime in Tehran should face a dilemma  whether to have a bomb or to survive, Persistent drought in Romania threatens Danube's power  


Drop in the level of the river's waters means that nuclear reactor may have to close down Pressure for EU net neutrality rules India and China, the new Great Game ... China to open first military base in Indian Ocean. Russia accuses West of 'immoral' stance on Syria  Russia's foreign minister has accused the West of an immoral stance on Syria, saying it should condemn the opposition as well as security forces. Deadly attack in Liege, Belgium Satellite navigation systems may share your every move...when, where and how long you took all collected by company.  For the first time on record, the Chinese Communist party has lost all control, with the population of 20,000 in this southern fishing village now in open revolt.  Wukan denizens clash with Chinese police and run all Party officials out of their town. It is on in China A dispute between farmers and Communist Party officials exploded into open rebellion; villagers chased away government leaders, set up roadblocks and began arming themselves with homemade weapons Mexico Violent clash between student demonstrators and police. Two students shot dead. 7.3 Earthquake strikes Paupa New Guinea. IRAN If the world wants to make the region insecure, we will make the world insecure Armed gang steals millions from Dubai royal family Iran rejects calls to return US spy drone, saying it is now their property and demands apology for invading Iranian airspace 
Britain's fledgling shale gas industry could be stopped in its tracks after dramatic new evidence established a link between fracking & water pollution 2 Leaders in Russian Media Fired After Election Articles Witness to an Uprising What I Saw in Bahrain  An English instructor living in Manama saw a wouldbe revolution brutally repressed outside his window, so he tried to document it on video, and that's when his troubles started Norways tax office risks facing pimping charges if it insists on taxing a 29yearold Lithuanian prostitute, the womans lawyer has said.
 Shock as retreat of Arctic sea ice releases deadly greenhouse gas  Russian research team astonished after finding 'fountains' of methane bubbling to surface. Putin Ally Resigns as Speaker of Parliament after election fraud is exposed Prices Spike as Butter Shortage Spreads in Norway  A seller auctioned 500 gm (1.1 lbs) of butter for 30 times the normal price.  A Russian was caught smuggling 90 kg (200 lbs) of butter from Germany into Norway. Authorities warn not to buy butter from strangers. How Do You Prove Someone's a Witch in Saudi Arabia?  Call the religious police's AntiWitchcraft Unit and get them to set up a sting operation. Social scientist Wilhelm Heitmeyer has been publishing studies on German attitudes for a decade. In a SPIEGEL interview, he discusses his latest results, which show that Germans' relationship to minorities and the disadvantaged has become increasingly hostile.  BBC News  French colonel 'killed himself in proHmong protest' Satellite spots China's first aircraft carrier at sea Two FileSharers from Finland Fined Total of $725,000, Others Asked To Pay Thousands
 Jailed Afghan rape victim freed Hong Kong is the world's most developed financial market, according to a World Economic Forum report, overtaking the US and the UK for the first time. China's abandoned 'Wonderland' theme park God helped us trap and capture the US surveillance and targetting drone. We have nearly finished decrypting its information and will use that information to mass produce an even better version of it. No, we're not giving it back.  Senior Iranian Official, Parviz Sorouri European parliamentarian challenges EU Commissioner to a pruneeating contest after committee ruled that prunes do not have a laxative effect How Big Is The North Korean Army?  


It's a secret. Or it would be, if the government hadn't kindly published two sets of census data, one national and one local. The national one shows about 700,000 people who aren't captured locally. About right for an army Police shave mohawks off punks at Indonesia concert  Police in Indonesias most conservative province raided a punkrock concert and detained 65 fans, buzzing off their spiky mohawks and stripping away body piercings because of the perceived threat to Islamic values. 	 Chevron admits it hasnt been able to stop Brazil oil leak  Last month Chevron spilled over 100,000 gallons of oil off the coast. They tried to plug the well with cement, but Chevron had to admit it didn't work. Canada's environmental minister is called a piece of shit by an opposition MP after Canada  withdraws from Kyoto Junkyard Gives Up Secret Accounts of Massacre in Iraq The European Union Parliament has made a statement opposing SOPA, particularly in reference to the ability of the US to seize domain names.
 Iceland just became the first Western European country to recognize Palestine France's faulty breast implants scandal More than 30,000 women have had breast implants filled with industrial silicone instead of medicalgrade fillers Vladimir Putin lashes out at America for killing Gaddafi and backing protests  Russia's experiencing its biggest protests since the fall of the Soviet Union. Are we witnessing a political awakening? BBC News  French exPresident Jacques Chirac guilty of corruption Suspected Jewish extremists torch second Palestinian mosque, deface it with Hebrew graffiti Human Rights Watch says it has identified 74 Syrian commanders and intelligence officials who ordered troops to indiscriminately shoot unarmed protesters N Korean soldiers flee into China  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Former French president Jacques Chirac found guilty of corruption A Massacre In Jamaica  
In 2009 the United States requested the extradition of druglord Christopher Dudus Coke from his stronghold in Tivoli Gardens, Kingston. One year later, Prime Minister Golding sanctioned the request. Then all hell broke loose China's real estate bubble is bursting  economy on the verge of collapse. The reputation of the Netherlands as the goto country for a legal joint will begin to vanish like a puff of smoke next year as sales to foreigners of cannabis and hashish in coffee shops are banned. 14 bombsniffing dogs on way to Afghanistan died in truck Chinese village besieged after protests  Police seal off roads and food supplies to village in southern province after rallies against government land seizures. The German capital's entire local train system broke down on Thursday afternoon, leaving thousands stuck in trains on the tracks. Iran to exhibit US and Israeli drones Chinese villagers in standoff with riot police call on government to intervene Wukan village residents have barricaded themselves in over a land dispute in which one person has died
 French Presidents Residence Busted For BitTorrent Piracy Syrian rebels kill dozens of Assad's forces in fresh clashes Netanyahu wants rightwing extremists labeled anarchists instead of terrorists Christopher Hitchens dies at 62 Police include Occupy movement on terror list  Yahoo! Dutch report finds thousands of children were sexually abused in Catholic institutions Moscow airport police find 18 canisters of nuclear sodium destined for Iran Julian Assange can appeal against extradition The supreme court says the WikiLeaks founder's appeal raises questions of general public importance on extradition law
 Gaddafi's death may be war crime ICC prosecutor The Secret City  The popes pornographic bathroom Victoria's shameful secret Luxury underwear is made from  cotton picked by 'abused child slaves Brazil Now Seeking Permanent Ban on Chevron  after oil spill impedes offshore drilling at a time the country wants to up its output  Officials in the Netherlands for decades failed to protect thousands of children who suffered sexual abuse in Dutch Catholic institutions, an independent inquiry has found End of anonymity in Chinese microblogging  Weibo users will be forced to register with real names BBC News  Russia becomes WTO member after 18 years of talks Assange Granted Appeal Against Extradition Oil Leaks From Cargo Ship Beached on French Coast  It ran aground off Erdeven beach, a huge nature preserve of dunes & wildlife  People  are warned to stay indoors as rescuers pumped fuel from the hold  (With Photo) Iran official We tricked the U.S. surveillance drone to land intact Russia supports Canada's withdrawal from Kyoto protocol  


Russia's foreign ministry has reaffirmed that Moscow will not take on new commitments  Inside China's protest village Wukan in Guangdong. A revolt against corruption breaks out and holds out against government forces. Israel announces new 'depth' command for longrange (far from Israel's borders) military operations BBC News  Thousands abused in Dutch Catholic institutions Skeptics cast doubt on Fukushima status, even as Japan declares nuclear reactors 'stable'  ICC prosecutor says there are serious suspicions Moammar Gadhafis death was a war crime Japan declares crippled nuke plant stable Deaths from Indian toxic alcohol poisoning rise to 160, with hundreds more critically ill Victoria's Secret Child Slaves Forced to Pick Organic Fair Trade Cotton Former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi death may be war crime ICC prosecutor The founder of a Russian newspaper that investigated government corruption has been shot dead in the North Caucasus region, in what an international watchdog called a lethal blow to press freedom UK Police sued by women who were duped into forming long term relationships with undercover policemen Egyptian soldiers charge Tahrir Square, beating protesters and burning tents Tunisia unveils statue to honor the man whose selfimmolation started the Jasmine Revolution Israeli prisons are being refilled with almost exactly the number of Palestinians that were released in October's prisoner exchange. The 470 arrested since then include 70 children and 11 women. 'Alliance between banks and governments at the heart of eurozone crisis'  The 'monstrous irresponsibility' of European banks contributed to the current euro crisis, says Edmund Phelps. But at its core lies a fatal collusion between governments and banks, argues the Nobel Winner in Economics.  Tens of millions of dollars in diamond profits are said to be bypassing the treasury of Zimbabwe and ending up with President Robert Mugabe and his supporters Uk bankers' secret meetings with ministers Fears are growing that banks are successfully thwarting Govt's plans to overhaul the British banking system and Treasury is weakening some of the key reforms due to intense lobbying Iran Says It Has Arrested Suspected US Spy Philippine Floods Kills More Than 400 Iran gained control of the drone by overwhelming the GPS signal that was guiding the aircraft with an Iranian signal, an Iranian engineer told The Christian Science Monitor on condition of anonymity Iran 'blinded' CIA spy satellite with a laser burst Arab Spring anniversary how a lost generation found its voice  It started with a death in Tunisia, spread to Egypt, Libya, Bahrain and Syria. But one year on, the youth revolt has gone truly global
 Bhagavad Gita faces 'extremist' branding, ban in Russia Chinese Protesters Take Over Their Town Why Beijing Should Expect More   Eventually the siege will end but the fundamental challenge to Beijing will not Boat sinks off Indonesia coast, hundreds missing ... boat carrying 380 migrants, most of them from the Middle East, sank off the coast of east Java in Indonesia and hundreds are still missing Tonga revealed to be hub in global drug trade Tongan Speaker of Parliament met with Columbian kingpin last year, and recently took a bribe to allow drugs to move through Tonga  India  Rich nations cannot hold hostage' interests of majority Cesaria Evora dies, age 70 Former Tunisian Regime Goes Beyond Spying On Internet Traffic... To Rewriting Emails & More Germany's alleged witches have been largely forgotten. But thanks to efforts by a small group of activists, a number of German cities have begun absolving women, men and children who were wrongly accused of causing plagues, storms and bad harvests. The Bioterrorist Next Door  
Eyeopening detail on scientists who have engineered a killer birdflu I can't think of another pathogenic organism that is as scary as this. I don't think anthrax is scary at all compared to this. Should governments stop them? Russian journalist gunned down in violent republic of Dagestan ... Masked killer fired 14 rounds at Khadzhimurad Kamalov as he left his newspaper's office in Makhachkala Brazil dam company wins Belo Monte appeal A judge in Brazil has revoked a decision which had halted work on the Belo Monte dam in the Amazon region.  At least seven people were killed and hundreds injured in Cairo on Friday when Egyptian security forces attempted to forcibly clear a camp of protesters calling for an end to military rule, just a day after historic parliamentary elections.  Vaclav Havel, Czech AntiCommunist Hero and first Democratically elected President, Has Died A picture of a female Egyptian protester who was stripped from her black abaya and abused by army men has met with angry tweets criticizing the countrys Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  UK teenager wins settlement from London Met police after being harassed, threatened and detained for photographing a military parade last year. Police said photographing the soldiers was silly, gay, stupid and a possible threat under the UKs Terrorism Act Outrage over woman's beating fuels new Egypt protests The brave women of the Middle East Female protesters brutally beaten with metal poles as vicious soldiers drag girls through streets by their hair in day of shame  Japanese less likely to trust officials, main media, since disaster  For many older Japanese, the government remains a trusted, paternal overseer. But younger Japanese are now consulting the Internet and other information sources, rather than depending on major media. Egypt clashes kill 10, undermine Army narrative of democratic transition  This weekend's renewed violence in Egypt, including the documented use of live ammunition against unarmed protesters, has further eroded confidence in the ruling military council. North Korean labor camps in Siberia 

 Former Czech President Vaclav Havel Dies at 75 Deadly Gas Enters the Arab Spring Activists across the Middle East are reporting a mysterious toxin, possibly a banned nerve agent, in the thick clouds of tear gas used by security forces to suppress antigovernment protests Top 24 Deep Space Pictures Of 2011  


One for all you budding astronomers. A gallery of the most important deep space images of the year, each one with helpful, comprehensible annotations. Aweinspiring and educational. Don't miss the beautiful shot of the Orion Nebula Israel's political leaders and chief rabbis on Sunday [18 December 2011] condemned persistent efforts by ultraOrthodox Jewish men to shunt Israeli women to the back of public buses, a year after the country's Supreme Court outlawed the practice. Putin regrets that USSR did not fight for survival Iran TV shows 'CIA spy' speaking of alleged mission Israel seeks builders for over 1,000 settler homes ... part of a settlement plan it accelerated after Palestinians won recognition by a U.N. body, but a move which complicates a return to negotiations Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood faced a growing backlash from protesters in Tahrir Square after it was accused of collaborating with the country's military leaders to prevent an immediate transition to civilian rule.  British Fishing Industry Makes Controversial EU Deal  It cuts days at sea but increases net size. It's called a 'bitter blow' over quotas  It doubles NE herring quota, raises cod catches 150%, SW haddock 25%,  NE haddock, NE & SW whiting 15%, & Channel sole catches 9%.

 Clegg attacks Conservative plans to give married couples tax breaks  Nick Clegg is to attack Tory plans to introduce tax breaks for married couples, claiming ministers must not try to preserve a 1950s model of family life in aspic.  Beijing Tightens Cyber Controls  China is launching its strongest official measure yet to quell electronic expressions of discontent, clamping down on its versions of Twitter that have increasingly fueled oncerare protests and threaten to undermine its leaders' firm hold on power.  Arab Spring Women in the line of fire Russian journalist who investigated government corruption gunned down Typhoon Washi leaves 1,400 dead or missing in Philippines Police issue arrest warrant against Iraqi vice president for the recent parliament blast Oil Rig With Dozens on Board Sinks in Russia Troops Beat Cairo Protesters After Clashes  
Demonstrators beaten in Tahrir Square in 2nd day of clashes that have killed 10 & wounded over 430. Military police openly beat women protesters in the street & slap elders in the face. North Korea Leader KimJong Il has died The Land of No Smiles Photographer entered North Korea by posing as a businessman looking to open a chocolate factory; images rarely captured and even more rarely distributed in the West, show stark glimmers of everyday life in the world's last gulag North Korea Says Its Leader Kim Jong Il Has Died Twitter, the coordinating tool of the Arab uprisings, has sold a $300million stake to a member of the Saudi Royal family. Number of journalists imprisoned worldwide has shot up more than 20 percent to its highest level since the mid1990s. N. Korea testfires shortrange missile | YONHAP NEWS Religious Israel Youth Clean up Defaced Mosque in Protest of Pricetag Vandalism Japan Takes Sea Shepherd to Court over Violence Israeli woman refuses to take back seat North Korean Leader Kim Jong Il, 69, Has Died N Korean leader Kim Jong Il dies Automaker Saab files for bankruptcy in Sweden Bus Halted When Woman Refuses UltraOrthodox Demand to Sit in the Back of the Bus N. Korea to make 'special' broadcast at noon World's Youngest Professor appointed, at age 19 Syrian government threatens to execute 21 rebels in the next 24 hours Day of shame in the Middle East Female protesters beaten with metal poles VIDEO North Koreans publicly mourn leader Kim Jong Il's death  Sobbing, wailing and prostrating on the pavement after death.  German Intelligence Agency reportedly sabotaged NeoNazi Terror Investigations  More protesters have been killed in clashes with army soldiers in Cairo, bringing the 4day death toll to at least 14  All were killed by gunshots Egypt kills 3 more protestors, bringing the death toll for four days of clashes to 14 Julian Assange could be handed over to US, supporters claim Without Iraq 'Arab Spring May Have Broken Out Earlier'  The US has officially declared the war in Iraq to be over. President Obama said that America was leaving behind a sovereign, stable and selfreliant Iraq. German commentators ask if the conflict was worth the toll. 3 strikesstyle antifilesharing mechanism killed in Ireland, but govt promises site blocking by ISPs

     Philippines mulls mass graves after typhoon kills hundreds
| Reuters b'Bolivia bans all circus animals  New law defines use of animals in circus an act of cruelty. This is the first law of its kind anywhere in the world.' b'Israel admits white phosphorus use' b'UK to ban all private transplants of organs ... private payments may unfairly influence access to transplant, so they must be banned.' b'Arab lack of industrialization partly due to reforms pushed by the World Bank and IMF. In fact, today, Arab countries are less industrialized than they were in 1970....Holy Crap!' b'Christians in Egypt Are Being Kidnapped and Forcibly Converted to Islam. The Government, Mosques and Muslim Businessmen Are Guilty of Carrying Out And Funding This Modern Slave Trade.' b'A woman who passed national security information to UK authorities spent six months in fear for her life, after Tiscali published her phone number and address in public directories, despite repeated requests to keep the information secret' b'Drugmaker Pfizer reached a $75m settlement with Nigeria over trials of meningitis drug Trovan on 200 children that led to the deaths of 11' b'List of 49 items of information that could be recorded on UK national ID card. ' b'Doctor Death I dare police to prosecute me; vowed to highlight the hypocritical British system surrounding euthanasia ' Report Land mine contamination vast in Vietnam. Nearly 35 years after the war's end, Vietnamese civilians are still routinely killed and maimed by leftover mines and other explosives. Vietnam estimates that more than 42,000 people have been killed in such accidents since 1975. b'Italy to allow RU486 abortion drug ' b'Changes in global CO2 emissions since 2006  courtesy of Google. Well done to the UK, not bad to the US, condolences to Canada...' Your family herds water buffalo. You eat no meat, and live by selling milk. It's a tradition your people have carried on for at least 1,500 years. And now the government is saying you're a threat to the environment. Meet the Van Gujjar. b'A glimpse of the Irish Recession 2009  some 500 people queuing for a sales assistant job.' b'Hostages to pay the bill after being rescued' b'Journalist who was arrested in Iran tells of crude jails used to warehouse protesters' He was so hot he 'phfizzed' when firefighters put him in water  and then poked his head out.  b'Head of  Nigerian Taliban killed in Police custody' b'Its an extremely complex, explosive situation. See Chad through the eyes of UNICEF Ambassador Ralph Fiennes. ' b'Protest against sextourism in Ukraine' b'Governments in Asia and Another City Hall Embrace Free Software' b'Hacker Loses Bid to Avoid Extradition to U.S.' Aung Sang Suu Kyi verdict postponed The Burmese junta has kept the 64yearold Ms Suu Kyi in detention for nearly 14 of the past 20 years, ever since it refused to recognise the NLD's landslide victory in elections in 1990.  Times Online. b'German party to start a Nazistyle training center' b'UK hacker loses extradition fight' I'm surprised this hasn't made it higher up on Reddit today... The scale of this bomb that went off in Spain today is incredible! [youtube] b'1,200 factory workers in China fall violently ill after a chemical plant opens down the street; Chinese government dubs it mass hysteria, forces local doctors to stop treatment.' b'TV as Birth Control If there is electricity in every village, then people will watch TV till late at night and then fall asleep. They wont get a chance to produce children ~ India's Health and Family Welfare Minister' b'Iranian police have fired tear gas and beat antigovernment protesters with batons to disperse thousands attending a memorial at the graveside of Neda Agha Soltan, a young woman who was shot to death at a June 20 to protest the disputed presidential election.' b'Off duty cop kicks shit out of delivery man (with two other cops). When Khan called for help to bystanders and asked them to call police, Klassen allegedly said We are the police.nn' b'Canadians cry foul over U.S. healthcare attacks' b'British Foreign Secretary  Clinton threatened to cutoff intelligencesharing if torture evidence is disclosed' b'Beluga whale carries struggling diver to surface' b'The Israeli settlement problem in the West Bank can be solved by making the settlers Palestinian citizens' b'Another car bomb kills two police in Mallorca, Spain; government rep. says ETA is getting ever more desperate and more dangerous.' b'Iran security forces retreat as huge numbers of mourners gather at cemetery' b'Swedish embassy in Germany hosts luncheon for sufferers of celiac disease, which makes you allergic to most wheat products. Would anyone like to hazard a guess what they served?' b'Malalai Joya The woman who will not be silenced' b'Witness says Iranian police beat mourners for Neda' b'Christian evangelist group Hillsong enters public and private schools in Australia, instructing girls as young as 10 to wear makeup and concern themselves solely with their appearance.  ...their ultimate aim is to recruit members to the church.' b'Russian mafia godfather Vyacheslav Ivankov shot in Moscow' b'Russia is to begin oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico, after signing a deal with Cuba.' b'Neda Memorial Iranian Mourners Arrested' b'Tehran Braces for Another Day of Street Battles' b'Nigerian security forces storm mosque where islamists bent on overthrowing the government and imposing sharia law have been hiding out.' b'Some rare happiness in Gaza More than 5,000 children gathered on a beach to break a world record on the number of kites flown simultaneously in the same place' b'Remember the bomb that went off in Spain just yesterday, 200kg of explosive, no deaths?  Well the same fucktards are at it again; second bomb in 24hrs, 2 agents dead.  I am struggling to stay civil.' b'Police in Northern Ireland to go on patrol wearing cameras' b'Mexican Authorities to Allow Mobile Phone Calls on  Flight' b'By the end of the book Einstein has become a strong proponent of a binational state in historic Palestine out of the belief that a system of unequality between Jews and Arabs will only lead to unending conflict.' Hong Kong people demand right to select their own leader, by staging a referendum. Beijing is not amused that half a million people have voted. Outrage in Japan as female lawmaker jeered for being single, childless 30 schools across the UK are using textbooks which teach that AIDS can be avoided through religion, and that homosexuality is a choice | The USbased Accelerated Christian Education curriculum currently lists over 30 UK schools on its website, with the majority being private Christian schools. US fired depleted uranium at civilian areas in 2003 Iraq war, report finds 5 South Korean soldiers shot and killed by fellow soldier near SK/NK border Kurdistan defies Baghdad and delivers a million barrels of oil to Israel Anger in Vietnam as China sends four more oil rigs into disputed waters a 'Super predator' that devoured a Great White Shark is being investigated by researchers. China Employs Porn Judges to Scrub the Web These judges, the government says, have the sacred task of returning the Internet to a clean and safe state Putin orders central Russia forces on 'full combat alert' A case involving Shell Oil Company had a breakthrough on Friday when a U.K. judge ruled that the oil giant was liable to provide certain security measures to protect its pipelines in Nigeria after two spills in 2008 and 2009 devastated a Niger Delta community. Human Rights Watch says Israeli military ordered removal of surveillance footage that showed killings of two Palestinian boys China bans unauthorised critical coverage by journalists EU launches attack against corporate tax avoidance The EU has taken steps to curb tax avoidance by global corporations. In recent months, criticism in the budgetstrapped bloc has mounted over tax loopholes exploited by companies such as Apple, Google and others. New leaks show Germany's collusion with NSA | An NSA document from January 2013 shows the spirit of cooperation that existed between the NSA, the German BND, then the BfV, as well as the BSI. The documents also show that the BND has been eager for closer ties with the NSA since 1962. Court Hands Google a Worldwide Site Blocking Injunction | a Canadian court has ordered Google to completely block a group of websites from its worldwide search results. The ruling was handed down despite Google's protestations that the court has no jurisdiction over Google locally or in the US. Rome seeks 25 million to save Emperor Nero's lavish palace Chinese police shoot dead 13 attackers in Xinjiang Cyberattack on Hong Kong Vote Was Among Largest Ever The online voting platform for the unofficial referendum now underway on Hong Kongs political future has been subjected to one of the most severe cyberattacks of its kind ever seen Presbyterian Church narrowly votes to divest from HewlettPackard, Caterpillar, & Motorola, three companies that it claims support Israel's occupation of Palestinian territories. Google Removes Singapore Hate Blog Against Filipinos  Blog listed ways to harass Singapore's Filipino population. Police investigating the anonymous Blood Stained Singapore blog that suggests Singaporeans refuse to be served by Filipinos or accidentally shove them in crowded places. Iraqi oil refinery fire Blaze seen by Landsat 8. Iraq crisis Isis allies 'turn on jihadists' as 17 killed in clashes near Kirkuk Egypt jails man for a year as push against sexual harassment begins ISIS mocks Michelle Obama with new hashtag #bringbackourhumvee Indian Govt. planning to make 50 essential medicines free of cost for every citizen from birth to death. Doctors without Borders say that the Ebola outbreak ravaging West Africa is 'totally out of control' and the outbreak is far from over and will probably end up as the most deadly on record. WikiLeaks publishes 'secret draft' of world trade agreement Deal among 50 countries would help prevent added regulation of financial services, website says Pope condemns efforts to legalize marijuana | Al Jazeera America U.S. cuts aid to Uganda, cancels military exercise over antigay law Secret deal bank freeforall  Leaked WikiLeaks documents reveal the Abbott government is pressing ahead with secret trade negotiations aimed at bringing about radical deregulation of Australia's banking and finance sector. Classified files leaked to Danish media suggest some EU states are allowing US spies to install surveillance equipment on cables in order to intercept the emails, private phone calls, and Internet chats of their citizens. Untreatable virus spreading in the Caribbean now afflicts 4,600 Israeli Troops Kill Palestinian Teenager Protesting West Bank Arrests Brazilianbased architect cites estimates indicating that some 250,000 people have been evicted from their homes to make way for the World Cup Tufted Puffin spotted for the first time since 1830's Hong Kong democracy movement hit by one of largest DDoS attacks in internet history Solar energy production breaks record in Germany. More than 50 percent of country's electricity demand supplied by solar power at start of June. Japan PM Abe wants to stage 2020 Robot Olympics Norway likely set to implement a national ban on begging South Korea calls on US military to keep servicemembers in line Isis storms Saddamera chemical weapons complex in Iraq Abbott in 'secret trade negotiations' to deregulate banking and finance | Foreign banks and workers would get greater access and local bank accounts could be transferred overseas, reports say The US and EU are driving the TISA process. It was their lax rules that allowed the Global Financial Crisis to happen. Now they are using TISA to extend those rules even further, at the bidding of their finance industry Uganda students smuggle pigs into parliament to protest government corruption. Chilean mountaintop blasted off to make way for worlds largest telescope, which will search for alien life Saudi Arabia slams ISIS as destructive terror group Obama sending 300 Military Advisors (i.e. Special Forces) to Iraq; We will be prepared to take targeted and precise military action if we conclude the situation on the ground requires it. Iceland Tops Global Peace Index 2014 Beijing Now Has Almost as Many People as Australia AlJazeera journalists sentenced to seven years in prison in Egypt We Demand Justice Kenyans protest after men who brutally raped girl sentenced to cut grass Ghana has been exposed agreeing to pay to take part in international football matches organized and manipulated by match fixers Russell Brand calls for revolution as tens of thousands march in London against coalition's austerity measures 'The House of One', a Mosque, Church and Synagogue; all under one roof, is being built in Berlin Researchers discover mass graves near USMexico border containing bodies of migrants in body bags Israeli Air Force attacks Assad army targets The UK government has acknowledged that every UK citizen who uses Google and accesses web site services Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, can be monitored, under existing legislation, by the security services Polish Foreign Minister We Gave The US A Blowjob, Got Nothing Prince William gets $11M helicopter from Queen on his birthday UN World's forests fundamental to human wellbeing Iraqi military facing psychological collapse after losses, desertions ISIS is advancing towards Baghdad after more territorial gains. Iraqi officials say ISIS has seized an Air Force base and now has a direct line to Baghdad. Iranian President Islam rejects violence, extremism The Mahdi Army  the paramilitary force that once led a Shia rebellion against American troops  makes show of force against ISIS Glastonbury goes green Festival declares war on plastic water bottles, will distribute reusable steel bottles as 400 drinkingwater taps are erected Riot police deployed in Kiev as hundreds of masked proUkraine activists march on monastery to stop proRussian rally Putin Calls for Ukraine to Hold Unconditional Talks With Rebels Talks Must Include All Sides, Says Russian President Amazon Living Wage campaigners place dummy book on site as protest Fake book, A Living Wage for All Amazon Workers, adds to campaign against low pay at internet retail giant Pope Francis seeks to abolish all forms of torture Japan considering new base on Antarctica 13yearold IsraeliArab boy killed, 4 hurt in bombing on Israel's Syria border Syria handed over 100% of declared chem weapons stockpile ISIS 'May Have Recruited 1,500 Britons' Big Voter Turnout in Unofficial Hong Kong Poll, condemned as illegal and invalid by the central government in Beijing. Fifa Bosses 'Secretly Doubled Their Salaries' New leaks show Germany's collusion with NSA Pope excommunicates all Mafia members from the Catholic Church. Australians want renewable energy target retained by big margin Polling shows 72% of Australians want to keep or expand RET, as Abbott government considers abolishing it Polish Foreign Minister caught on tape saying that Poland's US ties are worthless or even harmful. Snowden Receives German Award for Civic Courage Iraq Has Split Into Three, Says Kurdish Official Edward Snowden rejects German plans for meeting in Moscow | Whistleblower Edward Snowden has rejected a German request for a meeting in Moscow, where he is living under temporary asylum. Snowden's lawyer told DW that German intelligence has downplayed its ties to the NSA. Schumacher to remain invalid rest of his life. British people favour leaving the European Union, according to poll Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Pilot Now Top Suspect In Missing Plane Mystery, Police Say Oldest Surviving Bannockburn Manuscript Restored  The 1,400line epic poem The Brus was written by the Archdeacon of Aberdeen in about 1375, & covers Robert the Bruce's Scottish wars of independence. The Brus is a unique & nationally important treasure. Russia is ready to replace Visa and MasterCard with Sberbank's Universal Electronic Card 1,000s rally in London against austerity Report Polish minister says US ties worthless Angry farmers bring cow from Fukushima to Tokyo to demand Japan's government investigate a disease they say cattle have developed since the nuclear disaster three years ago Tens of thousands of people gather in London to protest about UK Government's austerity measures, yet it's gone mostly unreported by media Iraqi Military Out of Hellfires in Battle Against ISIS Iraq action futile without accord President Obama tells 'no amount of American firepower' will be able to hold Iraq together if leaders do not rise above sectarianism Canada announces economic sanctions against Russia following Putin placing troops on combat alert UNICEF says Al Qaeda sexually abused Yemen children President Obama has dismissed the idea that supplying US arms to Syrian rebels would have toppled President Assad, calling it a fantasy. US Senate committee approves $960 mn for Pakistan in 2015 Iran opposes US intervention in Iraq, says Ayatollah Ali Khamenei Baltic states to back further Russia sanctions if Ukraine crisis does not ease Pesticides linked to bee deaths must be banned, scientists say North Korea threatens war over Seth Rogen movie. Shopper shocked to find bargain 10 dress has plea for help from Bangledeshi sweatshop employee written on the tag Young Beirut security guard sacrifices his life to prevent a massacre at packed World Cup viewing cafe UK Government minister There is no programme of mass surveillance and there is no surveillance state The Sydney Opera House has cancelled a controversial talk by Muslim writer and activist Uthman Badar titled Honour killings are morally justified after widespread condemnation of its inclusion in the Festival of Dangerous Ideas. Chinese warships will join USled naval drills off Hawaii for the first time this week, in a significant but mainly symbolic effort by the two powers' fighting forces to make friends, not war 66% of Russians want Putin to be president after 2018. People feel far more confident about their future, calm and security, they hope that Russia will restore its status of great power Snowden defends mega spy blab 'Public affairs have to be known by the public' | Calls on Council of Europe to protect whistleblowers India denies US company extension of patent on anticancer drug. Earlier, the Patent Office had denied the patent in 2009 on the grounds of obviousness and lack of inventive step. Researchers Find and Decode the Spy Tools Governments Use to Hijack Phones Denmark's ties with the NSA are deeper than previously thought Unknown planes bomb ISIS positions in N. Iraq, Pentagon denies its US UN says environmental crime is worth between $70$213 billion a year and largely finances criminal, militia, and terrorist groups North Korea Faces Worst Drought In Over A Decade France, supported by Sweden and Denmark, urges the European Union to take action now on Endocrine Disruptors (EDCs) Finnish study Having a dog at home may prevent diabetes  A new Finnish study of more than 3,000 children finds a significant link between having a pet dog and a lower risk of developing type 1 diabetes. Only dogs were found to have the preventative effect. New Report Syria Joins Iran in Sending Military to Fight ISIS in Iraq France warns citizens Don't invest in Israeli settlements, Golan Heights Leader of Tijuana drug cartel captured in northern Mexico Payday lender Wonga used fake law firms to chase customers in arrears; ordered to pay 2.6m in compensation. Scotland Yard want to interview Rupert Murdoch about phone hacking Australian immigration minister instructs detained asylum seekers to leave and return home in official state footage Seeking to mobilize a global front against antigay violence and discrimination, Vice President Joe Biden declared Tuesday [24 June 2014] that protecting gay rights is a defining mark of a civilized nation and must trump national cultures and social traditions. Norway to bring in begging ban Neurotoxic pesticides blamed for the world's bee collapse are also harming butterflies, worms, fish and birds, and the evidence was sufficient to trigger regulatory action. UN rejects Australia's 'feeble' bid to strip Tasmanian forest's heritage status Doctors vote for ban on UK cigarette sales to those born after 2000  British Medical Association hails vote as step towards achieving goal of a tobaccofree society by 2035, but critics call it 'illiberal' Iran arrests 2 over 'vulgar' online video showing people singing, dancing in support of nation's World Cup team World must act within five years to save oceans from pollution and overfishing watchdog 8.0 magnitude earthquake, Rat Islands, Aleutian Islands 25 minutes ago. Tsunami bulletin issued. Greenpeace executive uses jet to commute Russia's President Putin asks upper house of parliament to revoke the right of military intervention in Ukraine Sudan death row woman 'rearrested' Sudanese woman freed from death row Monday has been arrested with her family at Khartoum airport, sources tell BBC North Korea Officially Condemns Seth Rogen, James Franco Over Unreleased Movie The Independent Iraq crisis Tony Blair admits 'removal of Saddam Hussein' partly to blame for uprising Hamid Karzai 'I Didn't See a War in AfghanistanI Saw a Conspiracy' Great white shark population is healthy and growing, new census shows Hezbollah Gulf states will regret funding ISIS Australia Is The Largest Per Capita Contributor Of Foreign Fighters To ISIS Tasmanias New Laws Threaten Protesters with Mandatory Jail Term  They mainly will be used to target demonstrators against logging forests. We saw too many of these protests tolerated under the previous LaborGreen govt. Law follows similar crackdown on protests in Victoria. Putin offers complete support to Iraq, Iran says Obama lacks will to combat terrorism Iran transfers 88 Russian Sukhoi fighter planes to Iraq India to invite bidding for largest solar power project; aims to achieve a capacity addition of 10,000 MW by 2017 8.0 Earthquake Aluetian Islands. Tsunami Warning Issued US state dept names Ireland as the worlds sex trafficking center  Report highlights serious gaps in Irelands antitrafficking laws. There has been an increase in identified Irish children subjected to sex trafficking within the country. Outrage as Egypt jails Al Jazeera staff Polish MPs ridicule Cameron's 'stupid propaganda' aimed at Eurosceptics Ebola 'out of control' in West Africa Christian woman freed after death sentence in Sudan German government cancels Verizon contract in wake of U.S. spying row Australian woman found dead wearing headphones and holding her laptop, with burns on her ears and chest, in an apparent electrocution caused by substandard cheap USB charger. Mexican military chopper crosses the border, shoots at US Border agents Put Ultraviolet Dye In London Water Cannons To Track Protesters, Police Bosses Urge Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova have signed partnership agreements with the European Union, in a move strongly opposed by Russia. Russell Brand Fanatical, terrorist, propagandist Fox News is more dangerous than ISIS Costa Rican President Luis Guillermo Solis, a month into his first tem in office, doesn't want his name on plaques at public works or his portrait hung in public offices The works are from the country and not from a government or a particular official, Solis told reporters Obama Seeks $500M to Train, Equip Syrian Rebels Britain bans controversial Saudi cleric alArifi The UK Government makes no apologies for refusing people access to the UK if we believe they represent a threat to our society. Coming here is a privilege that we refuse to extend to those who seek to subvert our shared values, UN Icelanders smoke the most pot | According to the UN's annual World Drug Report Icelanders smoke the most pot, per capita Iraq buys Russian jets to destroy the terrorists dens after long delays waiting for U.S. F16s Australian utilities move to kick rooftop solar off the grid Nigerian man is locked up after saying he is an atheist | Campaigners call for release of 29yearold Mubarak Bala, who lives in Kano in Nigeria's predominantly Muslim north This is now the deadliest ebola outbreak on record  and its getting worse (from /r/globalhealth) FBI seizes 80,000 emails from Murdochs News Corp A Sudanese Christian woman who was sentenced to death for refusing to renounce her faith and then released, is currently staying at the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum with her husband and two children Iranian students prevented from studying science, technology, engineering and maths in UK because of US sanctions It took awhile, but Mubarak Bala, the 29 yearold engineer hospitalized against his will in Nigeria for being an atheist, is beginning to receive some attention by the news media UN 110,000 fled Ukraine for Russia this year U.N. Experts Detroits Mass Water ShutOff Violates Human Rights Israel Could Get Dragged into ISIS's War, Obama Admin Warns Pablo Escobars hippos A growing problem WHO reduces Ebola death toll by changing the way it reports fatalities at the request of the government Indian Intelligence Bureau redflags entry of Saudi Wahhabi preachers into India The fight against Boko Haram sees an unusual faction join the fray snakes and bees are flushing the rebels out of their forest base of operations with their incessant bites and stings, which often leave their targets fatally injured. U.S. Scientist Offers $10,000 to Anyone Who Can Disprove Manmade Climate Change. Iran Tries To Save Asiatic Cheetah From Extinction Fake engineer made Berlin Airport fire system The man responsible for designing the fire safety system at Berlins new airport  the main reason for the continuing delays to the calamitous 5 billion project  has admitted he was not a qualified engineer. Explosion rips through mall in Nigerian capital, killing at least 21 police Conservative Canadian Government surprises when it admits Climate Change is real, and the effects are coming North Korean restaurants springing up around Asia to raise money for regime The polio virus has been detected in sewage in Brazil; it's the first time the disease has been identified in the country since 1994 Iraq confirms and welcomes Syrian air strikes against Isis militants ALERT North Korea fires three projectiles into East Sea Use of Drones for Killings Risks a War Without End, Panel Concludes in Report Details of Jimmy Saville sexual abuses in NHS hospitals have been revealed  he abused people aged 7 to 75 during unrestricted access. Ghana sends a plane with $3 Million in cash to calm its World Cup players Baghdad May Lose Its Drinking Water As ISIS Approaches Second Largest Dam Chinas commoditylending fraud just got $15 billion bigger  Discovers fraudulent loans backed by gold stocks that dont exist. Australia Tiny Wallaby Among 3 Newly Discovered Mammals in Remote Forest  40 camera traps capture shots of previously unknown wallaby, gianteared mouse & shrewlike marsupial Russia offered Baltics cheaper gas in exchange for NATO exit, says Lithuanian president Kerry demands Russia action on Ukraine 'in hours' US Secretary of State John Kerry has called on Russia to show within hours it is working to disarm separatist militants in eastern Ukraine. In a U.S. Court, Iraqis Accuse Blackwater of Killings in 2007 World Health Organisation urges 'drastic action' on Ebola Iraqi jihadists seize ancient Exorcist temple full of idolatrous stone statues from 3rd century B.C. Astronomers Detect Mysterious Signal 240 Million LightYears From Earth For first time, Israel compensating Palestinians over settlers' land grab. State agrees to pay six Palestinians $87,500 after settlers seized their land to build the unauthorized Amona outpost. Hamas arrests terror cell responsible for rocket fire on Israel Chinese government funds have been misused to buy French vineyards, pay for a trip to Las Vegas and more, the state auditor said in a report revealing more than 300 serious corruption cases Tackling climate change would grow global economy, World Bank says | Findings put to rest claims that the world could not afford to act on climate change Japanese man self immolates in protest against PM Shinzo Abe's proposed remilitarization of Japan Iraq army soldiers retake full control of Tikrit France passes antiAmazon bill aimed at helping small bookstores Canadian Supreme Court rules WalMart must compensate workers Australian cities South Perth and Victoria Park to become South Park due to merger Chinese president Xi Jinping vows China won't bully other nations China's president, Xi Jinping, says his country will never seek to impose its will on other nations, no matter how powerful it becomes. Nigerian's rejection of religion deemed clinical insanity  A Nigerian man has been detained in a mental health institution by his family after saying he had lost his belief in God. [xpost /r/LegalNews] ISIS Crucifies One of Its Own in Syria Scientists warn of tourism threat to Antarctica Antarctic scientists on June 18 warned that a surge in tourists visiting the frozen continent and new roads and runways built to service research facilities were threatening its fragile environment. Famous Barcelona bullring may be converted into Europes biggest mosque. The Emir of Qatar has reportedly agreed to roll out 2.2 billion ($2.99 bn) to convert Barcelona's Monumental bullring into a 40,000capacity mosque, the biggest in Europe, by 2020, if the city council approves the project. Russia will not sit idly by as jihadists press Iraq assault Big turnout in Hong Kong democracy vote as Beijing fumes Gaza rocket strikes Israeli factory, engulfing structure in flames Iraq receives fighter jets from Russia, Belarus Boko Haram Islamists 'kill dozens' in attack on churches in Nigeria  At least three churches reported burned down and dozens of men, women and children killed near Chibok by Islamist militants Putin 'would be killed' if he came to Kiev, Ukraine parliament deputy says on TV The former head of international adoptions at Nepals largest orphanage is in custody over allegations that he raped young girls and groomed them as prostitutes in Kathmandu dance bars. Men's issues group excluded from Toronto Pride parade Lastminute decision goes against Pride rules Tokyo man sets himself on fire after giving a speech opposing Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's plan to reform the country's pacifist constitution Indian Warships on Standby for Evacuation India deploys a guided missile destroyer and a frigate to help evacuate 100 Indians including 46 nurses trapped in the Iraq conflict zone. Saudi King Abdullah, in a Ramadan message on Saturday, vowed to crush Islamist militants threatening the kingdom, the state news agency reported, saying the world's top oil exporter would not tolerate a band of terrorists. ISIS tells Lebanon to prepare for more attacks Eritrea, the United Nations says, is the planet's leastconnected country. Less than 1% of its people have landlines; just 5.6% have cell phones. As for the Internet, less than 1% use it, and connections are almost all dialup. Passenger killed, crew injured as gunmen open fire on plane landing at Pakistan's Peshawar airport Iraq Says Russian Experts Have Arrived to Help Prepare Jets for Fighting Washington is renaming the street outside Chinas embassy after jailed dissident Liu Xiaobo  and China is furious Canada's Supreme Court penalizes Walmart for closing store after workers unionized. Spain and Italy have joined France in advising their citizens not to invest in Israeli settlements built on occupied Palestinian Land An estimated 48,000 immigrants may have fraudulently obtained English language certificates despite being unable to speak English, the government has said. Allow fracking in national parks, says UK's Environment Agency chief Quebec unionized WalMart workers win Supreme Court victory  Montreal Saudi Arabia puts army on High Alert after ISIS advances in Iraq. Sarajevo marks 100 years since killing of Archduke Ferdinand Land taken over by foreign investors could feed 550m people, study finds The Vatican's former ambassador to the Dominican Republic has been convicted by a church tribunal of sex abuse and has been defrocked, the first such sentence handed down against a top papal representative. Egyptian judge who mass sentenced hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters to death found out he had sentenced a child to death only after reading the newspaper Jordan fears homegrown ISIS more than invasion from Iraq Japanese city assembly says air conditioners weaken students fortitude; rejects petition for air conditioners, despite numerous cases of heatstroke London's population is 8.4m and rising faster than any other part of the country Israel tells U.S. it would act to save Jordan from Islamists Russia warns Europe over reselling gas to Ukraine US vulture fund ruling pushes Argentina towards second bankruptcy | New York judge blocks $500m payment to creditors in ruling that favours 'predatory' hedge funds over debt restructuring plan Murdoch editors told to 'kill Whitlam' in 1975 In Russia, state enterprises now account for more than half of the economy, up from 30 percent when Putin came to power at the end of 1999 Taliban Mount Major Assault in Afghanistan Iran MPs support more babies billA bill aimed at encouraging more births by outlawing sterilization and vasectomies has passed a first reading in Irans Parliament Armed U.S. drones now flying over Iraq Christians in Turkey 'fearful' after knifewielding men terrorize Istanbul church 'Happy Ramadan' signs at 239 Australian supermarket stores creates a stir, customers boycott Report drone attacks by US may lead to perpetual war Insecticide firms in secret bid to stop ban that could save bees  Lastditch lobbying to sway vote in Brussels to halt use of killer nerve agents American tourist faces death penalty in North Korea for reportedly attempting to overthrow the government by taking pictures of homeless children Portraits of survivors of the Utya massacre in Norway  in pictures These Canadian Cops Are Fighting to Legalize Drugs Men in pickup trucks bristling with antiaircraft guns have blocked off Libya's foreign ministry, demanding a jobs ban on Gaddafiera officials. The Slow and Painful Death of Freedom in Canada Iceland elects the same parties that were responsible for the economic collapse in 2008. British Prime Minister David Cameron abandoned a trip to China planned for this month as Beijing punished him for meeting the Dalai Lama. Cameron is understood to have cancelled the trip after Beijing indicated that he was unlikely to be granted meetings with senior figures. Iceland Pirate Party may win Parliament seats Iraq Halts TV Channels After Deadly Unrest  It's suspended 10 TV satellite channels including AlJazeera, for promoting sectarianism after 5 days of violence kills over 215 people. Collapsed building owner arrested on India border Fight on Mount Everest sparks police probe Female rapists abuse soldier for 4 days A 25yearold soldier was allegedly kidnapped and detained for four days by suspected female rapists, who are said to have sexually abused him several times before releasing him early this week. MPAA Executive Tampered With IFPI Evidence in Internet Piracy Case Catalonia says no to austerity in standoff with government Two factory bosses and two engineers were detained in Bangladesh on Saturday, three days after the collapse of a building killed at least 352 people. The owner of the eightstorey building that fell like a pack of cards around more than 3,000 mainly young women workers was still on the run. NYT Islamist Rebels Create Dilemma on Syria Policy Are Kosovos Leaders Guilty of War Crimes?  Were Serbs shipped to Albania and Organs harvested for sale. Gunshots fired near Italy prime minister's office, injuries Study 45 percent of Bitcoin exchanges end up closing Residents of a number of Sunni cities in Iraq have announced the formation of military forces to counter attack the Iraqi army and its crackdown against antigovernment protesters Almost 30 AntiPutin Protesters Detained on Red Square Chinese military planes made more than 40 flights close to Tokyocontrolled islands at the center of a territorial dispute on a single day last week N. Korea preparing for largescale air, land military exercise along Yellow Sea coast 'It was raining money' Residents of Belgian town scoop up thousands of euros after crooks hurl safe from getaway car (and ignore police pleas to return cash) Girl, 14, forced to become pregnant with donor sperm bought by mother Judge describes 'wicked and selfish' motive of using daughter to provide parent with a fourth child Three teens, starved, tortured, and killed at a Gay Conversion Camp Powerful blast causes injuries in Prague Bee deaths EU to ban neonicotinoid pesticides The CIA has attempted to buy influence with Afghan President Hamid Karzai by dropping off bags filled with cash totalling tens of millions of dollars. The real cancer killer ripoff prices for drugs. Doctors say industry 'profiteering' threatens lives The biggest source of corruption in Afghanistan, one American official said, was the United States. Act of Terror  arrested for filming police officers 'When police carried out a routine stopandsearch of her boyfriend on the London Underground, Gemma Atkinson filmed the incident. She was detained, handcuffed and threatened with arrest.' Neonicotinoid insecticides now banned in Europe Spain Is Beyond Doomed The 2 Scariest Unemployment Charts Ever. [A]usterity hasn't been [Spain's] path to prosperity. It's been the path to permaslump. Man who ran Canada's only shelter dedicated solely to male victims of domestic abuse dies in apparent suicide A lost ancient Egyptian city submerged beneath the sea 1,200 years ago is starting to reveal what life was like in the legendary port of ThonisHeracleion. Insiders say Canada 'scammed' by foreign worker industry. (Claims include Faked Resumes, Visa Violations and Discrimination AGAINST Canadians). Chinas bestpaid banking boss only made $185,000 last year FSA says Israeli jets hit Syrian chemical site Indonesia teens accused of blasphemy over Maroon 5 dance Five Indonesian teenage girls have been accused of blasphemy and may face jail after making a video in which they mixed Islamic prayer with dancing to a Maroon 5 song 52% of Canadians distrust Muslims China is banning the use of privileged military license plates on BMWs, Porches and other luxury cars in an attempt to crack down on abuses and reduce corruption. Israel bulldozes apartments in Palestinian East Jerusalem, evicts 24 people The British nurse who committed suicide after a prank radio call by two Australian DJs reportedly left a suicide note blaming them for her death. Antidrone protests take off in Britain Speed of light may not be constant, physicists say An Indian Guinness World Record holder who attempted to cross a river suspended from a zip wire attached to his ponytail has died during the stunt. Hamas teaches Palestinian schoolboys how to fire Kalashnikovs Japan forgot data wipe on ship sold to Pyongyang Canadian Muslim groups take hard stance against terror plotters; You have nothing to do with our faith Hundreds of Europeans are fighting with rebel forces in Syria [UKScotland] Donald Trump's antiwindfarm ads banned over 'misleading' images  Watchdog also says US billionaire's Scottish golf resort could not substantiate claim that tourism will be harmed by turbines Europe's bankers refuse to admit bankruptcy, and there is no political accountability to make them. Their objective is solely to maintain the face value of their credit book, and thus protect their balance sheets, derivatives, bonuses and status. It is a disaster. Plans to block porn in public spaces backed by British PM David Cameron who wants 'good clean Wifi' Canada train derail plotter says he does not recognize the Criminal Code of Canada, not a holy book Web censorship the net is closing in  across the globe governments are monitoring and censoring access to the web. And if we're not careful millions more people could find the internet fractured, fragmented and controlled by the state Fearing corruption, Hong Kongers reject sending aid to China quake victims. Hong Kong residents recall the $1.2 billion they sent to Sichuan after the 2008 quake that wound up paying for government banquets. Mars One is now accepting applications for oneway trips to the planet Mars. [Bangladesh] At least 70 people were killed and over 600 injured in Savar on the outskirts of the capital Wednesday morning when an eightstoried building housing four garment factories collapsed A Greek court yesterday handed down 18 months imprisonment to a strawberry farm owner and three foremen for involvement in the shooting of 32 Bangladeshis, said the Bangladesh ambassador in Athens. Student seeking Kyoto flat told No foreigners allowed  The Japan Times Israel airport guards may ask 'suspicious' tourists to open their email accounts Ancient Europeans Underwent Mysterious Genetic Transformation 4,500 Years Ago UK may withdraw from European rights convention over Abu Qatada  Downing Street confirms prime minister is exploring temporary withdrawal from European convention on human rights More than 70 people are dead and some 600 injured in Bangladesh following the collapse of an eightstory building on the outskirts of the capital, Dhaka. Taxing Canadians at the border is not the answer to America's problems World Health Organization new bird flu more lethal to humans confirmed cases up to 108 throughout China UK in dark mood as new recession may be confirmed Yemeni Tells Senators About 'Fear and Terror' Caused by U.S. Drones  The drone strikes are the face of America to many. Stripped to the waist, his face heavily bruised and a rope around his neck, the greyhaired Syrian man was led by his captors on a humiliating parade through the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli. I am an Alawite shabbiha, read slogans daubed on the bare chest of the man. Fattest countries in the world revealed Kuwait is top of the list with the highest average body mass index Prominent antisame sex marriage French MP presses wrong button and casts ballot in favour of legislation he opposed Greece pulls nude ancient Olympic statutes after Qatar wanted to cover members with black cloth India to rush troops to Ladakh if no deescalation on faceoff with China Iran Police Dressed a Suspect in Womens Clothing and Parade Him in Public to humiliate him, Iranian men started protesting by posting photos of themselves in woman's clothing. Student wrongly tied to Boston bombing found dead Canadian and American police agencies are in private talks that would allow American agents from organizations like the FBI and the US Drug Enforcement Administration to be accredited as police officers in Canada, with the power to arrest individuals on the street like any Canadian cop. Putin on Boston bombings We suffered from terrorists, whom the West called insurgents Man found dead on London street 'was probably a stowaway who fell from plane's landing gear Dalai Lama Says He Would Support A Woman Successor The Pirate Bay moves to Iceland  thepiratebay.is is now active Swedish police found drugs inside Justin Bieber's tour bus Greenwald on the motives for terrorism Ignoring the role played by US actions is dangerously selfflattering and selfdelusional. Listen to the people who live in the places devastated by US violence... it's long past time that we stop pretending that all this evidence does not exist. WikiLeaks Iceland's Supreme Court rules Visa contractor Valitor must pay $204k per month if continues to block site President of Macedonia comes to Canada, nobody notices Spain Unemployment Hits New Record of 27 Percent Brown University student falsely identified as Boston bombing suspect found dead in Providence River, Rhode Island authorities confirm North Korean soldiers put down arms to help plant crops The North Korean side of the Demilitarized Zone is a hive of activity  not of fighting, but of farming. Tens of thousands of migrant workers in Arab Gulf working as modern day slaves, German banker warns, for $5 a day for 12 hours a day. Employers confiscate workers passports and make them live 6 or 7 to a small room. A Russian historian who lived in Pyongyang as an exchange student in the 1980s recorded some sample math questions from North Korean textbooks. Questions included likened to How many American imperialist bastards does it take to screw on a light bulb? Abortion drug RU486 set to be approved for heavy subsidization by the Australian Federal Government, dropping its price from ~$800 to ~$30 Toronto court rules woman must remove niqab to testify Afghanistan to get $100 million/year to let Chinese copper mining consortium destroy potential World Heritage site of high archeological import India, 2,644 people died during clinical trial of drugs in 7 years Shale mining under Great Barrier Reef 'likely to be banned' Australia's coastline mining industry undergoing a boom as rules relaxed, but Unesco site to be protected under heritage rules Minaret of historic Syrian mosque destroyed in Aleppo. Rebels and state forces blame each other for toppling tower of 12th century Umayyad mosque in Unesco world heritage site North Korea Radioactive gases 'consistent with' nuclear test detected. Iran presidential candidate blasts Ahmadinejad's Holocaust denial Water from comet impact still hanging around on Jupiter A Norwegian resistance fighter who led a daring raid to sabotage Nazi Germany's atomic bomb program during World War II has been honoured at a London ceremony. Machines with the ability to attack targets without any human intervention must be banned before they are developed for use on the battlefield, campaigners against killer robots urged on Tuesday. China's top 70 Members of the Communist Party are worth nearly $90 billion  more than ten times the wealth of all members of US Congress Europe Set to Vote on Pesticide Ban to Save Honeybees  A proposed ban of pesticides called neonicotinoids is gathering scientific support as some experts are calling for more field studies. The goal is to reverse massive honeybee hive dieoffs, which also afflict U.S. farming Chinese troops have erected tents 19km inside Indian territory 94 Guantanamo Bay inmates are now on hunger strike. The men are protesting conditions and their indefinite confinement at the U.S. base in Cuba. Baby burned to death on bonfire in Chile after cult leader decided she was the antichrist Slavery must be recognised in all its guises Sex trafficking is the only human rights abuse that gets proper attention  yet slavery is slavery, no matter what form it takes Moroccos High Council of Ulemas issues death sentence fatwa on apostates who leave Islam White House confirms use of sarin gas in Syria based on blood tests Australian hockey team captain dies after he is bitten by venomous snake he picked up to carry it off the pitch 19 yr old has a plan to remove large amounts of plastic from our oceans Father loses custody fight for child he never knew he had  A cruelly deceived father whose son was put up for adoption without him even knowing of his existence has had his hopes of gaining custody dashed following a court ruling. Google didnt comply with Argentinas request to remove NSFW video of president Japan. Woman dies after heavyset police officer sits on her In a shocking incident, a woman was allegedly injected with HIV infected blood by her husband and inlaws in India for conceiving a baby girl and failing to get more dowry. Heavy use of herbicide Roundup linked to health dangersU.S. study 140 people detained in Moscow for connection to Islamist extremist groups The Biggest PriceFixing Scandal Ever | Politics News Kim Jong Un has over $1 billion in slush funds abroad, while North Korea has an estimated 14 billion in foreign debt. North Korea loses popularity among Russians amid ongoing crisis White man goes on trial in France for 'antiwhite racist' assault Culture war erupts in Israel over attempts to end preferential budgets for ultraOrthodox Instant noodle sales top 100 billion a year Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38 Egyptian Activists Say Their Religion isn't Your Business  Religious violence prompting public debate about religious identity in Egypt. A group of young Egyptians wants to remove religious labels from national ID cards. Greece starts firing civil servants for first time in a century North Korea to indict US citizen on coup charges  a US citizen is soon to go on trial on charges including attempting to overthrow North Korea's government 'You treated her like a piece of meat' Judge's fury as he jails trio of men who abducted girl, 13, and forced her to be their sex slave Gays and lesbians in Chile now allowed to donate blood North Korea Threatens to Carry Out Kamikaze Nuclear Attacks Against the United States China Orders Troops and Tanks to North Korean Border Revenue Canada says BitCoins aren't tax exempt Russian court nixes parole for Pussy Riot band member after penal colony where she is serving a twoyear term complained that she 'didn't repent' North Korea, Iran attack Canadas human rights record at UN forum At 95, Hitler's food taster talks of paranoia, poison fears, vegetarian diet for Nazi leader Russian court denies parole to Pussy Riot convict serving sentence for hooliganism motivated by religious hatred Mother rescues kidnapped son after months when authorities would not help. EU ban on trade in seal fur set to be overturned, in a move that'll reignite 1 of the world's most contentious wildlife issues  European court expected to back pelt traders & sporran makers. Battle being led by 'Fur Institute of Canada'. Chinese president Xi Jinping orders generals and senior army officers to serve as privates Elephant meat sold openly after extensive slaughter American tourist to stand trial in North Korea White House says the US may use military force against Syria HERAT, Afghanistan  Faiz Ahmad says his life has become meaningless since the Taliban robbed him of his ability to work last week by chopping off his right hand and his left foot Taliban Says It Will Begin Spring Offensive Sunday The amount of illegal immigration into the EU drops by close to 50% after Greece tightened its border Antiwhite racism trial begins in France North Korea embraces 3G service  Almost two million North Koreans now use the country's only 3G network Nigeria Number Of Churches Destroyed By Jihadist Group Boko Haram Tops 400 Chinese military planes, mostly fighter jets, made more than 40 flights close to Tokyocontrolled islands on April 23,when 8 Chinese marine surveillance ships entered the 12nauticalmile territorial zone off the islands. Czechs we're not Chechens Second Boston bombing suspect captured. Reuters live feed El Salvador woman's fetus is anencephalic, can never have a brain. She's critically ill and faces jail time if she goes forward with lifesaving abortion 8000 suspected pot cookies found by Mounties I've never seen anything like it before. It's an unprecedented number of cookies. Suicide Bombing in Baghdad Kills 27 people, at least 3 children British man sues gym over sexist womenonly hours Stonehenge 5,000 Years Older Than Thought 6.9 Earthquake in China Genital Wart Decline in Australia Tracked to HPV Vaccine  The incidence of genital warts declined by more than 90% in adolescent and teenage girls in the first 4 to 5 years after introduction of the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine in Australia Nigerian Girls Sold Into Sex Slavery in Italy  The Domitiana highway was built in 95 AD as a thoroughfare. Now it's more like a 1stop sex supermarket where up to 600 Nigerian prostitutes are found at a time along a 30kilometer stretch of the potholed road. World's oldest ever man turns 116 in Japan Chinese troops intrude into Indian territory in Ladakh Hiding money in the ways & amounts revealed by the 'International Consortium of Investigative Reporters' is a deep kind of social corruption. It goes beyond questions of legality to the heart of modern political economy. Revelations embarrassed govts & exposed rich businesses & individuals. India Doctors Find Bottle, Candle Inside 5yearold Rape Victim N. Korea accepts China's offer for dialogue Chechen president on Boston suspects Look for the roots of their evil in America Saudi Arabia opens luxury religious extremist rehab center for AlQaeda militants Russia, U.S. to step up counterterrorism cooperation  Kremlin Police launch manhunt after a shooting in Southampton, UK Indian police arrest suspect for rape of 5yearold as protests build up hundreds of angry protesters gathered outside the headquarters of Delhi police on Saturday after a five yearold girl was allegedly raped and tortured [Update] No explosive found in suspect letter to Germany's President Gauck. 6.9 Earthquake strikes Sichuan, China ProMoscow Chechen leader blames U.S. for Boston bombing It's always the women at fault for rape. Interviews with 30 senior law enforcement officers in the DelhiNCR region. A senior Iranian cleric says women who wear revealing clothing and behave promiscuously are to blame for earthquakes