 Air strike kills 15 civilians in Yemen by mistake Fifteen people on their way to a wedding in Yemen were killed in an air strike after their party was mistaken for an al Qaeda convoy Russian Supreme Court Declares Pussy Riot Sentence Unlawful Woman who miscarried in private prison 'made to clean up after herself,' court told Uncle of North Korean leader Kim Jongun executed after being purged for corruption  state news agency Pirate Bay founder suffering 'torturous' conditions in Danish solitary confinement, his mother says after visiting French officials can monitor internet users in real time under new law that passed quietly Indians go 'gay for a day'  posting photos of samesex affection to show outrage over supreme court ruling that criminalises gay sex Icelandic bank bosses jailed  also made to pay legal costs for the case which amounts to millions of pounds. The Canadian federal government will, for the first time, designate crude oil a highly dangerous substance and introduce tougher safety and testing measures for shipping oil by rail, according to Transport Minister Lisa Raitt Study Dead sea creatures covered 98% of seafloor last year about 150 miles off California coast; Unprecedented, had been below 1% prior to event  Major changes began in spring 2011 Beneath Yellowstone, A Volcano That Could Wipe Out U.S. We've long known that Yellowstone is merely the skin on top of a supervolcano  a giant pool of magma sitting just under the Earth's surface. Exactly how giant has been the subject of much speculation. Until now. Mandela deaf interpreter accused of murder Missing American in Iran was working for CIA. Family paid $2.5 million to keep quiet. Physicists discover 'clearest evidence yet' that the Universe is a hologram. Latest calculations chime with 1997 theory that reality is only perceived as 3D and is actually a 2D projection on the boundary of the universe. Family faces deportation to Bangladesh by Australia because their autistic son would be a 'burden to taxpayers' Drone strike kills 15 heading to wedding in Yemen. Panic as Thousands Receive Fines For Streaming RedTube Videos Massive water geysers spotted on Jupiters moon Europa, possibly from subsurface ocean. US 'totally dictates' Swedish surveillance Mexican Senate votes to privatize oil industry Kenya Two Poachers Killed As Gun, Tusks Nabbed. One of the suspects killed is a notorious poacher believed to be behind the killings of rhinos and elephants in the North tourism circuit. Israel has halted a plan that would have displaced tens of thousands of Bedouins in the southern part of the country. The controversial plan would have involved destroying unrecognized villages in the Negev, and resettling the displaced Bedouin citizens into recognized villages. Two men arrested for sending antiSemetic tweets in the UK N. Korea confirms that Kim Jongun's uncle was executed for plotting a military coup. First announced execution from within the ruling family. UN inspectors confirm Syria chemical attack Bill Clinton says security does not justify espionage Snowden docs had NYTimes exec fearing for his life The latest annual figures available show that of the 706 rape cases filed in New Delhi in 2012, only one, the most famous, ended in conviction While the Harper government is preaching government austerity, it is spending almost $1.2 billion on a new spy palace  Ottawa headquarters for military spy agency. It's the most expensive Canadian government building ever constructed Chinese citizens outraged after nationalist newspaper calls smog a national defense measure Murdochowned newspaper the Sydney Sunday Telegraph hides phrase 'Murdoch is evil' in children's wordsearch puzzle Female genital mutilation on the rise among Southeast Asian Muslims  More than 90 percent of women surveyed in Malaysia have been circumcised, and experts say increasing regional Islamic conservatism may be the reason why. Atheists face death in 13 Muslim countries New record low temperature confirmed in Antarctica, 93.2 C (That's minus 135.8 Fahrenheit) A world first  two openly gay men will lead a country (Luxemburg). President Hamid Karzai says the U.S. is absolutely acting like a colonial power in its attempts to force him to sign the bilateral security agreement by the end of this year Wikileaks reveals failed plans to suppress antiKeystone activists (sourced from Stratfor) BBC News  Sir Ian McKellen 'advised not to go to Russia' Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Raul Castro State surveillance of personal data is theft, say world's leading authors Australian paedophile Peter Truong, who bought a newborn boy for $US8000 and then allowed men around the world to be abuse the child, has been sentenced in a US court to 30 years' jail. Truong's partner was jailed in June for 40 years. State surveillance of personal data is theft, say world's leading authors Ikea stores in Hong Kong have unexpectedly sold out of a stuffed toy wolf after it became the symbol of opposition to the city's unpopular government Dismantling of Fishery Library 'Like a Book Burning,' Say Scientists Harper government shuts down 'world class' collection on freshwater science and protection. Israel, Jordan and the Palestinian Authority are expected to sign a water agreement aimed at saving the rapidly drying Dead Sea,The agreement will build a pipeline to carry water from the Red Sea to the Dead Sea and provide drinking water to the region. Australian police to adopt technology capable of collecting emails  Controversial deep packet inspection system used by NSA for surveillance to be rolled out by AFP next year The U.K. is aiming to broker a deal between the U.S. and China to support a multinational manned mission to Mars, according to Science Minister David Willetts. Israel approves detention without charges for African migrants 560 Authors from 83 Countries Issue International Appeal Against Mass Surveillance Canada to claim north pole as its own  UN submission will seek to redefine Canada's continental shelf to capture more Arctic oil and gas resources. Confirmed outbreak of Bubonic Plague in Madagascar, at least 20 dead so far. Uruguay legalizes the sale and production of marijuana Nelson Mandela memorial interpreter 'was a fake' Australia Victims of child sexual abuse walked out of a public hearing after the Catholic church's legal representative quoted the Bible in his opening address  Let the little children come to me; do not stop them... Pope Francis is TIMEs Person of the Year for 2013 Germany gets rid of tuition fees (Google translate) World Health Organization Warns that DrugResistant Tuberculosis is Ticking Time Bom  Other serious diseases like malaria & whooping cough are also growing resistant to antibiotics. Public health experts warn of an impending antibiotic apocalypse. Scientology is a religion, rules Supreme Court The Romanian parliament has exempted politicians and lawyers from corruption crimes, in a move contrary to agreements with the EU | The amendments, voted without parliamentary debate, now exclude the country's President, senators, members of the lower chamber, and lawyers, as public officials. Huge blow to LGBT rights in India Indian Supreme Court declares gay sex illegal Domino's Pizza Chief Executive upset that no one in the UK is interested in being hired for substandard pay Most Western European Muslims are Islamic fundamentalists, study finds Canada vows to protect Santa Claus from Russian troops in the Arctic Canada to stop home mail delivery. Uruguay's Marijuana Liberalization Up for Final Vote Tonight China bans dishes containing shark fins, bird nests and wild animal products in official reception dinners Sweden cooperated with the United States in operations to hack into computers 5 Nobel prize winners have condemned the scale of state surveillance, warned that spy agencies must be curbed by a new international charter. Underage worker dies after long hours in iPhone factory Shanghaiist (Yonhap) N. Korea sells gold in sign of imminent economic collapse source NSA uses Google cookies to pinpoint targets for hacking Calls to boycott Israel grow on US campuses Netanyahu skips Mandela memorial. Israelis say 'are you kidding?' The Women Who Sold Their Daughters Into Sex Slavery Australian Government approves creation of one of the world's largest coal ports near the Great Barrier Reef World Heritage Area UK's Largest ISP now blocks porn for all new connections by default Chinese police shoot 14 dead in Xinjiang riot Yemeni Government gives $150,000 and 100s of guns as compensation to American drone victims' families Michelle Bachelet wins Presidential seat in Chile's landslide victory promising hike in corporate taxes to 25 percent from 20 percent, to pay for social reforms that include a gradual move to free higher education Spain wont have enough tanks Catalonia to vote on independence, defy Madrid Growing cannibal social network boggles authorities Indias most wanted tiger skin trader Ranjitsingh Bawaria arrested Severed hand saved after being attached to mans ankle. A man had his hand fixed to his ankle for a month before doctors successfully reattached it to his arm. Artist criticised for creating sculpture by pouring molten aluminium into fire ant colony mound. Get your fill of bananas now; theyre about to get destroyed by fungus Survivors of garment factory fire in Bangladesh have not received any compensation from big brands including Walmart Last Australia combat troops leave Afghan base Drone strikes must end, Yemen's parliament says Google will not answer to British court over UK privacy claim, insists lawsuit concerning UK internet users privacy should be brought in California. Mapping the Blind Spots Developer Unearths Secret U.S. Military Bases Coup D'etat Attempt In South Sudan Ontario is putting an end to coalburning power plants '...on the verge of becoming the first industrial region in North America to eliminate all coalfired electrical generation.' Radioactive cesium from Fukushima is contaminating Japanese forests and soil. Saudi activist sentenced to 300 lashes and prison time for advocating elections Amazon workers strike in Germany over longrunning pay dispute Google has been called arrogant and immoral for arguing that a privacy claim brought by internet users in the UK should not be heard by the UK legal system | Google will tell the high court that it should throw out claims that it secretly tracked the browsing habits of millions of iPhone users. Sharia Law in the UK Muslim protesters take to London's streets to demand shops stop selling alcohol and and warned retailers they face 40 lashes if they continue to sell the product. University of Queensland scientists create first complex human organ produced from stem cells after growing tiny kidney. A Saudi judge has sentenced a political activist to 300 lashes and four years in prison for calling for a constitutional monarchy in Saudi Arabia Swedish police say around 28 people have been detained after a group of neoNazis attacked an antiNazism demonstration in a Stockholm suburb by hurling bottles, torches and firecrackers UN declares that the right to privacy, including online privacy, is a human right 'Snowden Vindicated' Judge Rules Against 'Indiscriminate' NSA Spying. Snowden Today, a secret program authorized by a secret court was, when exposed to the light of day, found to violate Americans rights. In a 1984 moment, North Korea deletes near entirety of news archives Pope Francis blesses 'Jesus the Homeless' sculpture that was rejected by Cathedrals in the US and Canada, calling 'Jesus the Homeless' a Beautiful Piece of Art No Amnesty For Edward Snowden, White House SaysMr. Snowden is accused of leaking classified information and faces felony charges here in the United States Pope shares his birthday breakfast with homeless Four homeless people, one of them bringing his dog, helped Pope Francis celebrate his 77th birthday at the Vatican Tuesday. They live on the street in the Rome neighborhood just outside the Holy Sees walls Female students banned from speaking at Islam seminar and forced to walk through separate 'sisters only' entrance at leading London university Thousands of Germans get warning letters asking people to pay 250 fine for watching copyrighted porn Female protestor who kissed riot policeman's helmet charged with sexual assault Snowden offers to help Brazil investigate NSA spying if granted asylum Saudi Arabia New law to set marital age of consent at 18 It's not an act Kim Jong Uns former classmates from Swiss boarding school say he really is dangerous, unpredictable, prone to violence Archbishop of Mumbai criticizes Supreme Court of India's ruling that homosexuality is a crime, Homosexuals have the same dignity as any other human being. The rape victim that India forgot  Bereft of media attention, minor girl fights lonely battle and awaits 20th surgery after being gangraped 16 months ago London Bankers Expect 44% Bonus Increase, Survey Finds  Managing directors at banks in London are expecting a 44 percent rise in bonuses for 2013 even as European authorities seek to scale back compensation, according to a recruiters survey. Devyani arrest India asks all US diplomats to hand over their IDs Pirate Bay founder's prison conditions improved after mum's complaints | Gottfrid Svartholm Warg given more interaction with other inmates after mother criticises solitary confinement New Snowden leak  Norways secret surveillance of Russian politics for the NSA USS Ronald Reagan sailors report cancers after Fukushima rescue mission FIFA has banned Croatian defender Josip Simunic for 10 games  including the entire World Cup  for leading fans in a proNazi chant after the team qualified for next year's tournament in Brazil India on Tuesday retaliated strongly to the arrest of its deputy consul general in New York by initiating series of steps to strip US diplomats and their families of privileges including withdrawing all airport passes and stopping import clearances for the embassy After deleting 99% of it's state news archive  is North Korea trying to erase its history? Matthew Perry gets in heated, televised argument with UK newspaper columnist who denies that drug addiction is real White House No amnesty for Snowden Sochi Olympic critics get terrorist treatment They are fearless, stubborn and increasingly under siege. Environmentalists, activists and journalists in Sochi have spent years exposing the dark side of Vladimir Putins showcase Winter Games  and now theyre paying the price. Chinese spacecraft successfully lands on the Moon; 1st lunar landing in 4 decades Uruguay's Prez Rips Into U.N. Official Over Marijuana Law Stop Lying' 27 years later, CIA pilot tells of using secret Costa Rican airstrip to traffic guns, cocaine The cellphone encryption technology used most widely across the world can be easily defeated by the NSA, an internal document shows, giving the agency the means to decode most of the billions of calls and texts that travel over public airwaves every day New DNA evidence frees man after 17 years in prison for attempted rape. I Would Shove All Live Gays Into A Furnace Says Popular Russian Actor Visa, MasterCard $5.7 Billion Swipe Fee Accord Approved  For the first time, merchants will be empowered to expose hidden bank fees to their customers, educate them about those fees and use that information to influence their customers choices of payment methods. BBC News  Iran claims to have captured British MI6 spy ExFBI agent who disappeared in Iran was on rogue mission for CIA The global group Reporters Without Borders is proposing that attacks on journalists be considered war crimes by the International Criminal Court Spanish cave dwellers revolt as city council about to start ancient caves eviction North Korean business people are being recalled from China following the execution of top official, Chang Songthaek, says a South Korean report. Canadian Cops Receiving International Praise for Viral Video With Surprising Twist Australian Police filmed punching, kicking man China's Extreme Smog Forces Pilots to Train for Blind Landings Scientology buys big building complex in Amsterdam for new head quarters Seymour Hersh Alleges Obama Administration Lied on Syria Gas Attack China Imposes FirstEver West Coast Shellfish Ban Chinese warship, US missile cruiser nearly collided in Sourh China Sea standoff Canadian Police Officer Shows the Right Way to Deal With Being Filmed During an Arrest Jang Song Thaek was executed because he met privately with Kim Jong Uns older brother Kim Jong Nam Zhou Yongkang, Chinas third most powerful politician, is under investigation for murder, corruption, and plotting to overthrow the government, and could face a trial similar to Bo Xilai. China's first lunar probe to land on the moon this weekend Reasons to be executed in North Korea dreaming different dreams and halfheartedly clapping Islamic militants have taken control of a cache of machine guns and ammunition intended for Syria's Westernbacked rebels, the Syrian opposition confirmed, demanding that the weapons be returned. Iceland Sends Four Bank Bosses to the Slammer Pope attacks megasalaries and wealth gap in peace message  CNBC Pope I am not a Marxist but, I dont feel offended being called one. China rejects fifth US corn cargo in a month, citing GMO strain U.S. May Never Know Extent of Snowdens Leaks Theyve spent hundreds and hundreds of manhours trying to reconstruct everything he has gotten, and they still dont know all of what he took, a senior administration official said. I know that seems crazy, but everything with this is crazy. 2 more executives facing the death penalty in Viet Nam for Kickbacks and corruption Student protest has been quietly sweeping the nation. Now, it's getting louder. The Occupy Sussex movement has acted as the spark for a new wave of protest against the marketisation of higher education. Protester accused of sexual violence after world hails iconic photo of her kissing Italian riot officer Uruguay President taking the lead along with Pope in the fight against unfettered Capitalism New National Poll Shows That Almost 50% of Canadians Support a Guaranteed Annual Income French stage smokeless revolution In a country that can't shake its love affair with smoking, electronic cigarettes are catching like wildfire. Forced Sterilization Of Women Widespread In Uzbekistan Leading Russian actor advocates burning homosexuals alive to a cheering crowd Call the FBI China is Trying to Steal America's Seeds  In 2 cases this week, feds arrested citizens of China & charged them with stealing seeds that American companies consider valuable intellectual property. It's a mixture of Midwestern farming, corporate espionage & international intrigue. Drone Warfare Protest at CIA Follows Strike on Civilians in Yemen China bans shellfish imports from US West Coast As protests continue in Kiev's Independence Square, an army of volunteers brings food and drink to nourish the thousands who remain in the snow and cold. About 20,000 people who watched pornography on a U.S.based website have had their names and addresses mistakenly released by a court in Germany Toxic 'ewaste' dumped in poor nations, says United Nations | Millions of tonnes of old electronic goods illegally exported to developing countries, as people dump luxury items Desmond Tutu not invited to Mandela funeral; Preparations for Nelson Mandela's funeral have been marred by a public spat between the South African government and retired Archbishop Desmond Tutu, one of the most prominent survivors in the long antiapartheid struggle. Notable presence of Islamic fundamentalism in Western Europe, study shows Scandal involving clandestine hotel room sex, money laundering and huge bribes hits Indonesia's Islamic parties Belgium approves law allowing euthanasia for terminally ill children NSA spying on French officials and businesses Woman discovers her son was among 270 Lockerbie bombing victims almost 25 years later Bitcoin loses almost 50% of its value overnight as China's largest exchange blocks new deposits Edward Snowden These Programs Were Never About Terrorism Theyre About Economic Spying, Social Control, and Diplomatic Manipulation. Theyre About Power Swiss banks are quietly warning wealthy U.S. clients with secret accounts to come clean with the tax man in the next two weeks  or risk jail time An Iraqi policeman gave his own life Wednesday in an attempt to protect Shiite pilgrims, embracing a suicide bomber just moments before an attack to shield others from the blast. Pope Francis makes move to weaken the ultraconservative arm of the Vatican's Congregation for Bishops by removing two American's, including Raymond Burke, known for denying communion to abortion rights politicians. Snowden 'I Would Rather Be without a State than without a Voice' Open letter to Brazilian people is a testimony of continued purpose, not a quid pro quo Merkel compares NSA to Stasi in heated encounter with Obama Great Barrier Reef approved for extensive dredging by the Australian government  3 million cubic metres of seabed to be dumped With a Quota of 1,035 Whales, the Japanese Whaling Fleet Was Only Able to Take 103 Thanks to the Sea Shepherd Society Edward Snowden doesnt show up once in Googles list of top 2013 searches NSA's goal is elimination of individual privacy worldwide  Greenwald to EU European food regulators said on Tuesday that a class of pesticides linked to the deaths of large numbers of honey bees might also harm human health, and recommended that the European Commission further restrict their use. Scientists cut millionyear natural process to convert algae into crude oil to about an hour. How Wind Met All of Denmarks Electricity Needs for 90 Hours Sweden's experiment with private, forprofit schools and voucher systems is failing President Obama Chooses Gay Athletes to Represent Sochi Olympics Delegation Edward Snowden's 'open letter to the Brazilian people'  in full Pope Francis' Christmas message Place ourselves at the service of the poor Jailed Pussy Riot members could be freed on Thursday, officials say Merkel compared NSA to Stasi in heated encounter with Obama  German chancellor furious after revelations US intelligence agency listened in on her personal mobile phone. Study of Fracking water pollution increases health risks, interferes with people's response to male hormones & oestrogen, scientists warn. UK citizens born in the 1960s and 70s will be the first pensioners since WWII to be worse off than their parents, a study has shown. Dont call them drones RAF launches charm offensive for unmanned aircraft  One of the first journalists allowed into Britains top secret drone base reports on its remote Afghan missions German scientists use molecular scissors to cut HIV out of living cells Ian Watkins gets 35 year sentence and the two mothers involved in the case also convicted and will serve over 10 years each. One Police officer also suspended due to gross misconduct NSA Fallout hits American business to the tune of four billion dollars Brazil ditches Boeing, buys Gripen Putin says he envies Obama because he can spy on his citizens and get away with it. Pedophile soccer coach arrested after BURGLAR tells police about child abuse videos. Report Suggests NSA Engaged In Financial Manipulation, Changing Money In Bank Accounts Toronto Mayor Rob Ford 'Women love money. Give em a couple thousand bucks and they are happy' Saab wins Brazil jets deal after NSA spying sours Boeing bid Teenager buys 600 of food for 4 pence using supermarket coupons and donates it to families in need. UK  Porn filters block sex education websites Pentecostal pastors in Africa push prayer, not drugs, for people with HIV  pastors invite people infected with HIV to come forward for a public healing, after which they burn the persons antiretroviral medications and declare the person cured At this rate, elephants will be wiped out within 10 years  More elephant tusks were seized in 2011 than in any year since 1989, when the trade was banned Finland intends to build a new data transmission cable through Germany to prevent Sweden from intercepting data and passing it on to NSA For the first time since the 1959 revolution, Cubans will have the right to buy new and used vehicles Japanese school cancels US exchange student program over California comfort women monument The world's most powerful satellite camera, Gaia. Launched Into Space Private foundation pays over $500,000 to buy disputed Native American religious relics at auction and return them to Hopi, Apace tribes. Fracking could be allowed under homes in Britain without owners' knowledge | Planning minister says law will be changed so companies do not have to directly notify people about gas drilling in their areas UK Establishment Closes Ranks as Organised Child Sex Abuse Network Leads Back to No. 10. Elm tree abuse has alleged links to High class MP's, Sir Cliff Richard, MI5 leaders, Heads of social services and convicted pedophiles linked to the BBC British tax office 'lost nerve' over big avoiders  Treasury is owed 35bn in missing payments, pursued small firms not global giants European boycott of death penalty drugs lowers rate of US executions The Europeanled boycott of medical drugs used by US corrections departments to execute prisoners is having such an impact that it has driven the number of executions to an almost alltime low Snowden document shows Norway works with U.S. to spy on Russia Five Turkish police commissioners were sacked a day after the sons of cabinet ministers and prominent businessmen close to PM Tayyip Erdogan were detained in a corruption probe Facebook removes photo of gay Sikh man kissing another man , sparks debate The UN General Assembly adopts antispy resolution Chinese journalists face ideology exams from book that states it is absolutely not permitted for published reports to feature any comments that go against the party line DNA analysis of early human remains in a Siberian cave, reveals the existence of a mystery human species. NASA satellite view of the extent of the massive flooding in Pakistan (before vs. after) Superb Aljazeera documentary on the issues involved in any possible IsraeliIran War, the politics, the weapons, the likely routes of attack and the likelihood of wider escalation. Well worth your time. [VID] See if you find honest reporting of this in the US corporate mass media Arrests of Guatemalan Police Death Squads reveal connection to organized crime and CIA. Like Mr bin Laden, Mr Gingrich is apparently still relitigating the victories and defeats of religious wars fought in Europe and the Middle East centuries ago. He should rejoin the modern world, before he does real harm. British kickboxer picks fight with U.S. marine, gets humiliated in Muay Thai bar fight, follows marine to hotel and stabs him to death.  Egypt seizes explosives on ship coming from Israel Muslim countries ditch Pakistan in hour of need; US leading all relief efforts  Barack Obama personally warned Turkish Prime Minster Recep Tayyip Erodgan that the US will not sell weapons to Turkey if it does not change its position towards Israel Over 15,000 likely dead in Russian heat wave Female Israeli officer poses for Facebook in front of blindfolded Palestinian prisoners  The photos...show the uniformed officer smiling and posing next to bound and blindfolded Palestinian soldiers.  Journalist Exposes How Private Investigation Firm Hired by Chevron Tried to Recruit Her as a Spy to Undermine $27B Suit in Ecuadorian Amazon Russia Loss of 25 percent of Russian wheat crop worries international grain markets Storm over Israeli abuse photos    Middle East  Al Jazeera English Almost everywhere else in Europe, returning Jews found their homes had been broken into, and everything of value stolen. When the Danish Jews returned , they discovered that their homes, pets, gardens and personal belongings were cared for by their neighbors. French Thieves Use Their Breasts to Distract Victims  Afghan Couple Stoned to Death on Taliban Orders Upon Sharia Law Is Africa still being looted? World Bank dodges its own research North Korea vows 'merciless counterblow' to U.S. and South Korea. Israeli IDF solider poses next to abused prisoners, and post images on Facebook China Passes Japan to Become No. 2 Economy  NYTimes.com North Korea succession Kim Jong Il appoints Jang Song Taek caretaker for Kim Jong Eun Assange hired for Swedish tabloid Aftonbladet in hopes of gaining WikiLeaks journalistic protections President Barack Obama has warned the Turkish prime minister that Ankara's position on Israel and Iran could lessen its chances of obtaining US weapons Canadian Cities Declare War on Cars Iran Opposition Sanctions Helping Ahmadinejad    News from Antiwar.com  Two candidates from last years Iranian Presidential Election, Mehdi Karroubi and MirHossein Moussavi issued a joint letter today warning that the various sanctions against Iran are actually helping Ahmadinejad. Noam Chomsky The Real Reasons the U.S. Enables Israeli Crimes and Atrocities Parents complain that their kids are getting rashes and becoming ill from the school's WiFi, demand it be turned off Take that Sweden! Newsweek crowns Finland as the world's best country. Australia should become a republic when Queen Elizabeth II dies, Prime Minister Julia Gillard has said just days ahead of a general election. To the rest of the world, if you wanted to know how fucked up our Prime Minister is in Canada, the following article pretty much sums it up Harper gallery leaves MPs speechless  What's It Like To Be A Tourist in North Korea? Jewish 'Community leaders are battling to stop an exhibition of paintings by children from Gaza' Karzai's impossible decree A push to oust private security firms from Afghanistan puts fear of god into foreign forces Private security companies will have to end operations in Afghanistan in four months' time, President Hamid Karzai has ordered. Top UK doctor drug laws should be reconsidered with a view to decriminalising illicit drugs use Newsweek just announced the 100 best countries in the world. Are you surprised about their choices? Activists Urge France to Repay 'Independence Debt' to Haiti China overtakes japan as second largest economy This girl's father, Bassam, is an incredible man dedicated to nonviolence  Israel ruled responsible for death of Palestinian girl Pakistan Flood Photos A large suicide bombing strike hit Iraqi army recruits killing 41 and injuring at least 112 To find the arsenic that poisons millions in Bangladesh, trace a winding path from clouds to underground aquifers and back up the village well

 Israeli abuse pictures 'common'
 Brazilian TV and radio broadcasters are legally forbidden from making fun of candidates ahead of the nation's election. David Kelly forensic experts say Hutton inquiry scientifically sound. Doubts ascribed to 'partial knowledge', Blowbyblow account written in a tellall letter from prison by the primeaccused of a Train Sabotage in India Israeli in Facebook pictures says 'I did nothing wrong' Boy with no chin Doctors say nothing more can be done....surely not? Civil suit verdict Israeli border guards had either been negligent or disobeyed orders in fatally shooting Abir Aramin, a 10 yr old Palestinian girl, in the head with a rubber bullet, calling the incident totally unjustifiable.  Pentagon report China extending military reach 60000 names and passport numbers sold on the black market by official FIFA ticket agency  A vast expansion of a program paying to keep [Germany's] workers employed, rather than dealing with them once they lost their jobs, was the most direct step taken in the heat of the crisis. Obama backs mosque near ground zero Germany to Phase Out Conscription  Germany is planning to effectively eliminate conscription, a newspaper reported Aug. 13, as part of a major costcutting drive that will see troop numbers slashed and military priorities reassessed. WikiLeaks says it won't be threatened by Pentagon
 Roughly half of Niger's population7.3 million personsare in desperate need of food India finally offers flood aid to Pakistan after 'baffling' delay Talk of War Crimes as Polish Troops Blow Up Afghan Home for Fun Canada offers another $31million in aid to Pakistan   21 Faces of The Pakistan Flood Experts call for full inquest into death of government weapons inspector David Kelly involved in Iraq weapons evaluation, dismissing the conclusion of the inquiry by Lord Hutton as unsatisfactory. Northern Ireland  Children hurt in Lurgan explosion intended for police Turkish officials deny Der Spiegel's claim on use of chemical weapons   srael's foreign diplomats have refused to work with Mossad spies anywhere in the world after agents effectively broke a strike picket line Landslides strike Zhouqu County, China  The Big Picture  U.S. soldiers demoralized by fight in Afghanistan North Korea Rattles Sabers for an Heir  NYTimes.com PKK announces ceasefire in Turkey
 20 million now homeless from Pakistan floods Afghan Government to Build 1680km Gas Pipeline Hong Kong baseball athlete hit by stray bullet in Venezuela during game. Ecuador finds narcosub shipyard Russian anger at wildfire fiasco stirs echoes of 'Kursk' submarine tragedy More than one million people 'take out payday loans' in the UK... Young woman beaten, raped and murdered by son of IRGC commander in Iran  South Korean president proposes plan to reunite with North Korea WikiLeaks to apply for Swedish licence in order to guarantee that the website is covered by Swedish whistleblower protection laws.  Afghanistan finds 1.8 billion barrel oilfield 
Afghanistan says it has discovered an oilfield with 
an estimated 1.8 billion barrels in the north of the 
warravaged country. Mexico  Drug cartel blocks off 13 major roads in Monterrey, dragging drivers out of vehicles. Israel to purchase F35I fighters Rally held to bring back Jinnahs Pakistan, purge the country of religious extremism Julian Assange interview in Stockholm from Saturday Aug 14th Israel destroying oldest Muslim cemetery in East Jerusalem Police were called to a beach at Anzio south of Rome by a furious mother who said the way the attractive sunbather was rubbing lotion on her body had troubled her sons aged 14 and 12. U.N. chief Ban Kimoon Pakistan floods worse he has ever seen, urges faster foreign aid. Only a quarter of the $459 million aid needed for initial relief has arrived, contrasting with the $1 billion the US gave them in military aid last year. Russia bans grain exports.  Prices of bread (especially pita bread) expected to rise at least 20%. I will never forget the destruction and suffering I have witnessed today. 8 dead, 12 hurt at offroad race in Calif. desert Lebanon 'kills Fatah alIslam militant leader' N.Korea warns of 'severest punishment' over war games  The North's army and people will deal a merciless counterblow to the allies  Russia wildfires NASA satellite image shows over 360 'hot spots' 
France urged to repay Haiti billions paid for its independence 

Leading activists write to Nicolas Sarzoky urging president to repay more than 17bn to help earthquakehit country rebuild
 30 more Seals found with 'Corkscrew' wounds, any educated guesses Reddit about cause? Suspected Mossad agent lands in Israel after released in Germany Asia stops to remember end of World War II Peacekeepers abducted in Darfur
 Agricultural Bank of China raises $22.1 billion in world's largest public offering Cambodia seeks help to avoid 'armed conflict' in Thai border spat Goldberg's War Goldberg himself has never, as far as I can tell, acknowledged that he may have been mistaken in some of his earlier assessments, or questioned his own reporting.  Pawning spurs gold market Big surprise Pope decides priests who protect pedophiles should keep their jobs. Yakuza 3 reviewed by Yakuza  Crime reporter invites three Japanese gangsters to rate new Yakuza videogame. I like that you can grab ashtrays or billboards and beat the crap out of the punks bothering you 
TopEarning Sportsman Of All Time  
And it's not Tiger Woods. A Lusitanian Spaniard named Gaius Appuleius Diocles earned the equivalent of $15bn in the course of a 24year career as chariotracer in ancient Rome
 Russia In a new twist to the situation, officials have confirmed that some forests that were contaminated with radiation from the Chernobyl nuclear disaster have now burned (w/pics from Boston Big Picture) Ecuador hit by 6.9magnitude earthquake The deadly fires have exposed a key problem in today's Russia No one knows what's going on. How a Nigerian criminal created an empire, cost Shell $30 Billion and changed the game of insurgency worldwide Car bombers again stalk Belfast as a new breed of antiBritish republicans is acting to reignite tensions in Northern Ireland Rare 2,200yearold gold coin found in Israel Almost half [China's] doctors have no better than a high school degree... Many village doctors did not make it past junior high school. Vietnam to observe 2nd annual Agent Orange Day Shocking Images of Dead Kurdish Fighters Turkey Accused of Using Chemical Weapons against PKK Doctors brace for more cases as Indian superbug hits Canada China's air defense system will be impregnable to regional air forces, and mostly impregnable to US naval air power. The only US Air Force B2A Spirit and F22 Raptor aircraft will be capable of penetrating a post2015 PLA air defense network. Chinese Hospitals Are Battlegrounds of Discontent Kim Jongil cleans house  The Globe and Mail What Happens If (When) Israel Bombs Iran Israeli terrorist suspected of Palestinian killings 'freed'  Sanctions helping Tehran, says top dissident  With Washington determined to stick to its timetable for a pullout, an Iraqi general has called into question whether his troops are ready to defend Iraq against a stubborn insurgency and external threats. Do not be alarmed if South Africans announce that they were held up by robots. Moscow 'hiding heatstroke cases' after death rate jumps India rejects UK scientists' 'superbug' claim Is this just another game by the medical tourism industry? Colombia  Car bomb explodes in Bogot in front of private radio station, injuring nine. Lord's Resistance Army rebel group is abducting civilians in central Africa and forcing them to join Four month old baby pulled alive from Nepal rubble 22 hours after parents lost him during earthquake The Italian army has unveiled its first cannabis farm, set up to try to lower the cost of medical marijuana in the country. 'Am I being executed?'  mentally ill Brazilian killed by Indonesia unaware until end, says priest Over 30,000 doctors and health professionals in Argentina campaign to ban Monsanto Egypt has sentenced 69 Islamists to life in prison for setting fire to a church in a town near Cairo HSBC Advises Clients Against Fossil Fuel Investment, warning that fossil fuel companies will become economically nonviable Pakistan investing $150 million in planting a billion trees over the next 4 years Pentagon cant account for $1 billion in Afghan reconstruction aid Leaked Report French Troops Raped Starving Children in Central Africa American Psychological Association Collaborated on Torture Justification Post 9/11 Prince Charles on brink of ending all fossil fuel investments Gaza Protesters Beaten and Detained by Hamas Security Officials, Witnesses Say Malala Shooting 10 Jailed For Life Over Attack A court in Pakistan sentences a group of men to 25 years each for the attack on a schoolgirl who went on to win a Nobel prize. Russia Seizes Ukrainian President Poroshenko's Candy Factory About 160 more hostages rescued from Boko Haram stronghold Nigerian army China, Russia to hold first joint Mediterranean naval drills in May First time the two countries will hold military exercises together in that part of the world. White House omits Tibet from earthquake condolence list Afghan taliban commander gangraped suicide bomber before attack 6.8Magnitude Quake Off Papua New Guinea Solar power plant floating on wastewater hailed for multiple environmental benefits. We can get about 57 per cent more efficiency than a landbased solar system. Kim Jong Un will not visit Moscow Kremlin Germany spied on French and EU officials for US report Pope Francis Christians should support equal pay for women Smallpox, polio, and now rubella. After 5 years of 0 cases in north and south America, epidemiologists have declared rubella extinct from the Americas. With less pollution, Beijing's Olympic babies born heavier, says study. Women in the Chinese capital in the final stage of pregnancy during the 2008 Beijing Olympics  when officials strictly controlled air pollution  gave birth to heavier babies than in years when the city was smoggier So, drug consumption is the responsibility of the person who consumes; of the family who is responsible for educating; and of the education system and the socioeconomic context. What we have to do is legalize the production, the sale and the distribution.  Former Mexican president Vicente Fox US tank crew wanted for murder | The Spanish government wants a threeman US army tank crew to stand trial for the death of cameraman Jose Couso in Baghdad in 2003. Iran to get rid of its dollar and euro reserves in response to the latest U.N. sanctions over its contested nuclear program We consider these currencies dirty and won't sell oil in dollar and euro Man becomes only person to have ever trekked the 4000 mile length of Amazon river. Former Mexico president supports legalizing drugs to end violence.
 The Taliban publicly flogged and then executed a pregnant Afghan widow by firing three shots into her head for alleged adultery. I went to see what was up with Russia burning... and found out that the Congo is burning even worse...  Japan apologizes to SKorea for colonial rule 600,000 Workers Drop Dead Every Year From Overwork In Chinas Factories Well never know the names of all the people who paid with their limbs, their lungs or their lives for the goodies in my home and yours. Redditor posts graph showing the spread of combat in Afghanistan using WikiLeaks's war logs French interior minister calls for withdrawal of citizenship for the practice of polygamy or female genital mutilation Google offices raided by Korean police U.N. declares Pakistan floods the worst natural disaster ever Number of people suffering exceeds 13 million  more than the combined total of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, the 2005 Kashmir earthquake and the 2010 Haiti earthquake. A group of humanrights organizations is pressing WikiLeaks to do a better job of redacting names from thousands of war documents it is publishing Could jeopardize the safety of Afghans who aided the U.S. military. China zoos in 'barbaric' animal abuse report The district commander ordered his body guard to open fire on the afghan civilian. The body guard refused at which time the district commander shot him in front of the civilian The Geopolitics of Google Earth Governments are using the images to find tax cheats and illegal pot plantations Pakistan drowns in misery [pics] Afghanistan civilian deaths up 31% this year, says United Nations.  Report says child victims have risen by 55% as Taliban target more Afghans, while deaths caused by foreign troops fall Israel threatens to quit UN probe into flotilla shooting The Price of an Afghan Life [graphic pic] Lebanon crisis feared as indictments near in assassination of Rafiq alHariri Silvio Berlusconi has easily survived a series of corruption and sex scandals. Now a revolt by a former ally could pose a serious threat to the Italian prime minister, who many feel is on his last legs politically. Berlusconi has the summer recess to plot his survival. Israeli police reraze Bedouin village They destroyed the village for the third time in two weeks Fast fashion is driving third world workers into starvation conditions  Germany's superrich have rejected an invitation by Bill Gates and Warren Buffett to join their 'Giving Pledge' to give away most of their fortune. The pledge has been criticized in Germany, with millionaires saying donations shouldn't replace duties that would be better carried out by the state. Putin puts out two wildfires in central Russia (!) US engineer sold military secrets to China, Including Stealth Technology A man, helped by Israeli and international activists, can be seen in the video trying to dismantle his own house before the bulldozers got to it  in order to save the materials from destruction  but was prevented from doing so by Israeli police. Reference Bedouin village razed for the third time. Swedish Pirate Party Cartoons are not child porn Man grows pea plant inside lung Chinese general says China must embrace democratic reform. FIFA investigate North Korea punishment claims New 'superbug' hits UK hospitals North Korea offers to pay off Czech debt with ginseng China Bans Reporting on Deadly Mudslide Delhi Govt takes away $1.5 billion from wages, pension, metro development funds to pay for Commonwealth Games 2010 Britain and Iceland go to war over the mackerel Australia appears before a UN panel, accused of human rights violations against Aboriginal people and asylum seekers Russia deploys S300 air defense system in Abkhazia Iran offers to support Lebanese army if U.S. withholds military aid Spain's electric car sales off target just 16 have been sold. Human trafficking racket busted in India for selling over 200 children in West Asia, including Saudi Arabia In Ukraine we got cows exploding Interview with Architect Albert Speer 'Calamity of Postwar Construction Came from Rejecting History' Colombia and Venezuela to restore diplomatic ties after 4 hour meeting in Santa Marta between Chvez and Santos. Thailand Freedom of speech is a severe danger to the ruling class Hold onto your hats. A new version of the Zeus trojan, called Zeus3, has wreaked havoc on thousands of bank accounts worldwide, stealing just over $1 million. The best part? Theres pretty much no way to detect the trojan if its on your system. Hooray for humanity, right? Mutant superbug threatens to spread worldwide IDF troops beat up Haaretz reporter WikiLeaks gets new host  Sweden's Pirate Party  The whistleblower website WikiLeaks will place several new servers with the Swedish Pirate Party, the group which campaigns for more freedom on the Internet said Tuesday. Role reversal Saudi comedy provokes anger among male population Wikipedia editing courses launched by Zionist groups Palestinian acheives the impossible bringing Israeli soldiers to justice for the shooting of his 10yr old daughter.  51 people killed in Juarez over weekend  El Paso Times Britain Call to reopen inquest into death of Dr. David Kelly. The call for a reopening of an inquest into the July 2003 death of Ministry of Defence weapons expert Dr. David Kelly has been taken up by highranking establishment figures. North Koreans air force pilot crashes near border with China in an attempt to defect to Russia. Brazil bans satire ahead of Presidential election. [Not The Onion] Thailand blocking WikiLeaks, says official Mexican Drug War Strikes Again Mayor of The Affluent City, Monterrey, Kidnapped and Found Dead Muslim fear as Ramadan festival clashes with 9/11 anniversary A Dutch city seeks to end drug tourism as crime rates rise Moscow bans Vodka between 1000 pm and 1000 am Israel's settler movement is set to invade wikipedia, bent on giving it 'Zionist editing' What a coincidence The day before the September 11 attacks, the Bush administration agreed on a plan to oust the Taliban regime in Afghanistan by force if it refused to hand over Osama bin Laden, according to a report by a bipartisan commission of inquiry. People may one day have to change their names in order to escape their previous online activity, Google boss Eric Schmidt has warned. North Korean Plane Crashes in China Greece reassures Arab allies over Israel ties
 3 Reasons Israel won't bomb Iran Iran Bans More Newspapers And Publications Romania expels Russian diplomat
 Expert Lockerbie Bomber could live for years North Korea creates Twitter and YouTube presence New pictures emerge of Israeli troops posing with handcuffed Palestinian prisoners Israeli homophobia is ignored in the US 
Israel Nature and Parks Authority workers refused to let a gay couple with two children enter two sites over the weekend, claiming the family's membership was for straight couples only. 
A couple is a man and a woman, not a man and a man, Israel Places Order For 20 Joint Strike Fighters; U.S. Taxpayers Pick Up The Tab A huge trove of newly declassified documents subpoenaed during a 19621964 Senate investigation reveals how Israels lobby pitched, promoted, and paid to have content placed in Americas top news magazines with overseas funding North Korea Pyongyang on its knees  only potatoes to stave off famine Israel barring Gazans' access to farms, fishing zones, has leveled farmland and destroyed personal property situated in restricted areas in efforts to keep Palestinians out How would you feel if I roughed up your mom/dad/sister/brother, blindfolded and tied them, and then took a photo next to them in such a state while making a duck face and acting as if they were simply an irrelevant part of the background? Would it be perfectly ok for me to do that to your family? Two Israel soldiers suspected of flotilla theft media Iraq war was illegal repeats Clegg  Deputy PM Nick Clegg has restated his view that the Iraq War was illegal, saying I don't think the legality of that invasion has been proven. Scores die in Baghdad bombings.  I was soaked with blood from the body parts and wounded and dead people falling over and beside me. Philip K. Dick And Orwell Predictions Coming To Life Visualizing the Wikileaks War Logs  An Animated Map of Afghanistan  A Saudi judge has asked several hospitals in the country whether they could damage a man's spinal cord as punishment French aid group Help Doctors accuses Hamas of closing down health clinic and seizing medical equipment. Finland a country of extremes. Newsweek has proclaimed Finland the best country in the world. But some Finns disagree Gaza UN urges lifting of Israeli restrictions on access to land and sea
 Indian poor starve while grain rots in depots Indias governmentrun hospitals provide lowcost treatment to the poor, but there are increasing claims that patients are being used as guinea pigs in drug trials for western pharmaceuticals without their knowledge. Koreans want ACTA to include Internet morality language. What could possibly go wrong? Fewer than half of Americans think Netanyahu 
government wants peace Poll How Russia's FSB Colonized Abkhazia  If I werent a journalist and if writing was not an act of defiance, I know Id be throwing stones in the streets of Kashmir Brazil is booming and brimming with business opportunitieslike the US in the 1950saccording to billionaire businessman Sam Zell. He said if Brazil continues on the same course, he predicts that the fiscally conservative nation will soon be one of the top two countries in terms of growth.  Allwoman Lebanese aid ship to set sail for Gaza Sunday Outrage in Philippines over police torture video Pakistan flood homeless toll put at over 4 million 'North Korean jet' crashes in China  AsiaPacific  Al Jazeera English Cyprus criminalizes denial of 1915 Armenian genocide by Turks Tsunami warning after Magnitude 7.2 earthquake off Vanuatu Kenyan Muslim man who died protecting Christians in terror attack awarded top honour Air France cabin crew angered by ruling to wear headscarves in Tehran Brazil's government sounded the alarm Saturday over meager sales of Olympic tickets and public apathy just five months before Rio hosts South America's first Summer Games. Iraqi forces free 1,500 ISIS prisoners from underground dungeon After an 18month battle, the Federal Court has ruled that Valve was in breach of Australian consumer law. Star of David found engraved into an ancient Temple arouses bustle in Egypt At least 30 soldiers and a boy were reported killed as heavy fighting erupted on Saturday between Armenian and Azerbaijani forces over the separatist region of NagornoKarabakh. Taliban app removed from Google Play Store following investigation by The Foreign Desk Turkish president We stand with Azerbaijan to the end. Erdogan has vowed to back Azerbaijan in the conflict with Armenia over the separatist region of NagornoKarabakh Potential Viking site found in Newfoundland, Canada 100 GW solar capacity by 2017, 5 years ahead of schedule India After WikiLeaks Revelation, Greece Asks I.M.F. to Clarify Bailout Plan U.S. F15s deployed to Iceland Indian priest who was reported to have been crucified on Good Friday by ISIS, still alive and 'could be freed soon' A British doctor has been secretly filmed describing how he prescribed banned performanceenhancing drugs to 150 elite sportsmen Bahraini citizens protest for human rights ahead of Formula One race 4,000 millionaires left India in 2015 Fire rips through Russian defense ministry building in Moscow Mass grave found in Syria's Palmyra Illegal Jewish schools Department of Education knew about council faith school coverup as thousands of pupils 'disappeared' Obama Warns of Nuclear Terrorism Threat Surgeons save Brazilian man's hand from amputation by sewing it into his belly  'Its a really weird feeling trying to wiggle my fingers inside my body' Delta Atlanta to Brussels service suspended Bill Gates is investing $2B to renewable energy technologies Heavy fighting has broken out between Armenian and Azerbaijani forces along the front lines of the disputed NagornoKarabakh region A hacker rigged elections across Latin American countries in favor of rightwing candidates for almost eight years Russia accuses Turkey of smuggling weapons to ISIS The White House Censors French President over using Islamist Terrorism Wikileaks reveals conversation between the Director of IMF in Europe and IMF mission chief in Greece Russian Economy Shrunk 3.7 Percent Last Year The number of migrants entering Germany from Austria fell more than seven times in March to below 5,000 due to the introduction of border controls by countries along the Balkans migrant route, an interior ministry official said on Saturday. French troops accused of 'forcing girls into bestiality' in CAR 10,000 millionaires left France last year  CNN Citibank And HSBC Worked With Firm At Center Of International Bribery Scandal Forests still large enough to double the world's tiger population, study finds. Satellite maps show tiger habitat is being lost but still adequate for meeting international goal of doubling tiger numbers by 2022. N. Korea denounces UN Security Council for rejecting call for sanctions against USA Ontario, Canada troubled by US plan to draw water from Great Lakes GlaxoSmithKline to 'drop patents in poor countries for better drug access' India furious as China blocks U.N. blacklisting of militant chief The Philippine National Police opened fire to farmer protesters who demanded the release of aid after the city is in state of calamity from drought for 3 months (Kidapawan, Philippines) The threat from terrorists trying to launch a nuclear attack that would change our world is real, President Barack Obama has said. Russia claims Turkish NGOs are 'main supplier' of extremists in Syria Experts have found evidence of a large fire in which at least 17 bodies were burned at a dump in southern Mexico, a member of the investigating team said Friday, in the latest twist in the case of 43 missing teachers' college students Amid Clashes, Greece Presses On With Plan to Deport Migrants For the first time in more than 40 years a Sumatran rhino has been found in Indonesian Borneo Finland, Russia agree to close Arctic border for migrants Saudi Arabia 'on course to double number of beheadings this year' Obama says US avoids hitting women and children in drone strikes, but acknowledges, 'Civilians were killed that shouldn't have been' in the past Reddit deletes surveillance 'warrant canary' in transparency report The headquarters of the Monacobased oil company Unaoil and the homes of its executives have been raided by police in the wake of revelations in recent days that it has systematically corrupted the global oil industry. Daily NK reports North Korea declares China an enemy and threatens a nuclear storm against them World's Richest Banker Charged With Bribery Rural Canadians Want the Govt to Fix Their Shitty Internet, Survey Says North Korea has officially announced it is blocking YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and South Korean websites in a move that underscores its increasing concern with the spread of information available on the Internet. Indonesian government threatens to deport Leonardo DiCaprio for palm oil criticism  Immigration chief Ronny Sompie says Oscarwinners visa could be revoked after comments made on environmental campaign visit  but DiCaprio appears to have left the country already Discovery Could Rewrite History of Vikings in New World Archaeologists have unearthed a stone hearth that was used for ironworking, 100's of miles away from the only known Viking site in N.America suggesting that Norse exploration of the region wasn't a limited undertaking. Protests erupt during Erdogan visit to Washington, D.C. Obama meets with Japan and South Korea today to discuss growing tensions with North Korea. Hacker claims he helped Enrique Pea Nieto win Mexican presidential election; claims he and other hackers installed malware to monitor opponents during 2012 campaign as part of black propaganda operation British Columbias Carbon Tax Has Been So Successful That Businesses Want To Increase It  It's reduced fuel usage by at least 16% & emissions fell 3.5 times faster per capita than in the rest of the country. Rightwing, antiIslam protest in Brussels' Molenbeek district banned Saudi Arabia Plans $2 Trillion Megafund for PostOil Era Deputy Crown Prince Norways Whaling Program Just Got Even More Controversial A new document shows meat from whale hunts going to a company that makes feed for animals on fur farms. A British Islamic extremist is found guilty of planning a terrorist attack on American military personnel in Britain. Delivery driver Junead Khan, 25, used his job with a pharmaceutical firm as cover to scout United States Air Force (Usaf) bases in East Anglia, his trial heard. Amid North Korean Threat South Korea will develop a Devastating Graphite Bomb called The Black Out Bomb; Carried by cruise missiles, the bomb explodes above its target, releasing fine carbon filaments which float down in a cloud melting electrical grids.They will develop it on a massive budget. North Korea says its attacks will be worse than September 11 | NK News  North Korea News World's obese population hits 640 million, according to largest ever study A man on the Egypt Air flight rang his wife to tell her about a secret bank account and one man slept through the hijack North Korea jamming GPS signals in South; can affect planes, cellphones North Korea nuclear tests US and China to cooperate China Unveils Proposal for $50 Trillion for Global Electricity Network Frustration erupts in threehour brawl between Afghans and Syrians at Greek refugee camp North Korea fires another missile into sea David Cameron personally intervened to prevent tax crackdown on offshore trusts Panama Papers reveal London as centre of 'spider's web' Edward Snowden says Panama Papers show whistleblower role is 'vital'  British Columbia A record 43% of Icelanders would now vote for the Pirate Party Linking to Pirated Content Is Not Copyright Infringement, Says EU Court Adviser China ramps up Panama Papers censorship after leaders' relatives named | World news Sarah Ferguson (the Duchess of York) and Simon Cowell named in Panama Papers David Cameron left dangerously exposed by Panama Papers fallout Panama Papers only a glimpse into 'astonishing' wealth stashed offshore; Tax Justice Network, an international research and advocacy organization estimates that as of 2010, there was between $21 and $32 trillion kept in offshore holding representing between 813% of total global wealth. Beijing says North Korea has become an increasing threat to China Secular Activist in Bangladesh Is Killed After Criticizing Militant Islam Men armed with machetes surrounded the activist, Mohammad Nazim Uddin, and slashed his head, then shot him, a police official said. German comedian could face jail for insulting Erdogan Polish women are trolling antiabortion Prime Minister Beata Szydlo with updates on their periods, inspired by similar actions in Indiana UK Banks must declare links to Panama Papers law firm by next week CEO of Austrian bank resigns because of Panama Papers coverage Dutch say 'no' to treaty with Ukraine and 32% vote Nos exit poll At least three of the seven people on the Chinese Communist Politiburo named in Panama Papers President Putin denies any element of corruption over Panama leaks Venezuela Declares Every Friday a Holiday to Save Electricity France passes law making it illegal to pay for sex WikiLeaks US Govt Behind Panama Leaks to Attack Putin South Africa considers legalizing rhino horn trade; live harvesting of horns and selling them touted as way to stave off possible extinction because of increasing illegal killing Vladimir Putin says the Panama Papers leak is part of Western efforts to weaken Russia | Europe | News Terrorists behind Pakistan Easter bombing vow more attacks on Christians 4 ISIS suspects arrested, weapons seized in Denmark, police say The Prime Minister of Iceland has resigned Panama Papers British Banker Funded North Korean Arms Tigers declared extinct in Cambodia Iceland PM did not fully resign, merely asked deputy to take over for an unspecified amount of time Panama Papers WikiLeaks calls for data leak to be released in full Panama Papers firm linked to over 1,000 U.S. companies Fifa president Gianni Infantino pulled into corruption scandal by Panama Papers Saudi Arabia passes Russia as worlds third biggest military spender Sperm Whales Found Full of Car Parts and Plastics German Officials Suspects In Cologne Attacks Mostly Foreign Syrian rebels massacre Kurdish civilians in Aleppo Google offers Cubans free computer and Internet use France places Panama back on list of tax havens First Time Ever Canadian bank fined $1.1M by antimoney laundering agency Iceland PM Sigmundur Dav Gunnlaugsson Wavers On Resignation Israel tears down seven Palestinian homes in 24 hours Jackie Chan, Pedro Almodovar among celebrities implicated by Panama Papers Poverty in Russia Rising at Fastest Pace Since 1990s Turmoil ISIS video game encourages players to Shoot Obama After F16s, US to give nine AH1Z Viper attack helicopters worth $170 million to Pakistan Two members of French farright leader Marine Le Pens entourage moved hundreds of thousands of euros by way of offshore companies in recent years, according to France's daily Le Monde Chile's head of Transparency International resigns after 'Panama Papers' 2,000yearold bronze artifacts tied to temple unearthed near Sea of Galilee A 6.9 event has occurred off the coast of Vanuatu, just a few days after another 6.9 event. No Tsunami warning. Cops hacked the Police National Computer to unlawfully retain suspects' biometric data China announces sanctions on North Korea BP to pay US government $20.8 billion for Gulf oil disaster The 19yearold who started a massive protest movement in Hong Kong says HSBC won't let him open bank accounts for his new political party Iceland's PM asks president to dissolve parliament after allegations he concealed investments in offshore company World figures deny wrongdoing as Panama Papers turn spotlight on tax evasion A trove of leaked documents casts HSBC Holdings into a harsh light, as a consortium of investigative journalists said it found the bank was among the most active in registering shell companies that move money around the world on behalf of rich and politically connected clients Panama Papers Live Update Discussion Thread The entire Turkish citizenship database has allegedly been leaked online 600 Israeli companies, 850 shareholders listed in Panama data leak Thousands demand PM's resignation in front of Iceland's parliament  Tomorrow's session has been cancelled after Panama Papers revelations USbased McClatchy Washington Bureau, one of the few American publication to receive the Panama Papers, has begun releasing US citizens named in the files Renewed calls for Yahoo! to ban ivory sales  A recent investigation revealed that 93% of 6,000 advertisements on Yahoo! Japan on a single day in 2015 were for ivory name seals. 'Suspicious activity' at N. Korea nuke site Helen Clark, the former prime minister of New Zealand, has entered the race to succeed Ban Kimoon as secretary general of the United Nations in a bid to become the first woman in the role of worlds top diplomat. Air France said it would allow female cabin crew and pilots to opt out of flying routes to Tehran after some staff said they did not want to be forced to cover their hair when in Iran. Panama Papers Causes Chile Head of Transparency International to Resign PM Modi steps in Income Tax, RBI panel to probe Panama Papers trail ISIL uses mustard gas in Syria The worlds largest primate is being wiped out by war Back in 1998, a team of researchers estimated that 17,000 Grauers gorillas, also known as eastern lowland gorillas, lived in the forests of eastern Democratic Republic of Congo. Since then, the population of Grauers gorillas has dropped by 77% Two more Chinese political leaders found to have links to offshore firms  Panama Papers leaks Federal funding for Australia's largest Islamic school stopped after review US Navy ship seizes thousands of weapons from Iranian ship bound for Yemen. Physicists just discovered a new state of matter called quantum spin liquid Azerbaijani soldiers behead Yezidi from Armenia IMF fears Greece disaster in leaked meeting revelation 2.6 terabyte leak of Panamanian shell company data reveals how a global industry led by major banks, legal firms, and asset management companies secretly manages the estates of politicians, Fifa officials, fraudsters and drug smugglers, celebrities and professional athletes. China censors Panama Papers online discussion David Cameron's dad and Tory MPs named in leak about tax haven firm Iceland PM I will not resign Revealed the $2bn offshore trail that leads to Vladimir Putin #Panamapapers see Iceland's Prime Minister faced with calls for a snap election. The Icelandic Pirate Party have an overwhelming lead in the polls. New report claims 'war on drugs' has harmed public health Panama vows to cooperate if legal fallout from 'Panama Papers' leak Laundered cash from Britains largest gold bullion robbery was hidden with the help of an audacious plan hatched with advice from Mossack Fonsecas cofounder. Mossack Fonseca warns customers of unauthorised Panamaleaks data breach that is set to be revealed in the news Half of Scotland's energy consumption came from renewables last year | 57.7% of Scottish electricity consumption came from renewables in 2015  7.7% ahead of the 50% target. Interpol head detective in Venezuela charged with smuggling 769lbs of cocaine to the Dominican Republic Vietnam's coast guard in a rare move has seized a Chinese vessel for allegedly intruding in its water Japan is witnessing a record number of compensation claims related to death from overwork, or karoshi, a phenomenon previously associated with the longsuffering salary man that is increasingly afflicting young and female employees. Panama Papers  FIFA official Damiani under suspicion Australian Tax office investigating 800 Australians identified in financial record leak Privacy is a fundamental human right that is being eroded more and more in the modern world. Each person has a right to privacy, whether they are a king or a beggar,, says Mossack Fonseca founder. Official Silence In Russia Over Putin Allegations In Panama Papers Stateowned Russian media was silent Monday over documents allegedly showing a multibillion dollar moneylaundering scheme run by close associates of President Vladimir Putin Germany Spied on Both U.S. and Israel Report Charlie Hebdo criticised for calling Brussels attacks tip of Islam 'iceberg' Tax authorities begin probes into some people named in Panama Papers leak Australian tax office probes hundreds for possible tax evasion after Panama Papers leak IS rocket expert 'killed by drone'  US The United Nations' internal investigations office has uncovered serious lapses and duediligence failures in the world body's interaction with organizations tied to an alleged bribery scheme involving a former U.N. General Assembly president Interpol head detective in Venezuela charged with smuggling 769lbs of cocaine to the Dominican Republic SpaceX successfully lands its rocket on a floating drone ship for the first time Corbyn says David Cameron has 'misled the public' and lost their trust Taxpayer 'pays for Samantha Cameron's 53,000ayear fashion adviser' Uganda's only radiotherapy machine for cancer treatment breaks thousands will not be able to get life saving treatment The U.S. Air Force has deployed B52 longrange bombers to the Middle East for the first time since the Gulf war ended over 25 years North Korea ICBM engine test succeeded, North's official KCNA says it would guarantee an eventual nuclear strike on the US mainland. Cameron admits he mishandled Panama Papers row One Third of Iraqis Think US Supports Terrorism, ISIS Al Qaeda affiliate says it killed Bangladeshi blogger, group says Machetewielding attackers in the Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka killed Samad, 26, the sixth secularist writer or publisher to be killed in the city in the last 14 months. China Blocks Economist and Time Websites, Apparently Over Xi Jinping Articles 1 in 50 British men are unknowingly raising a child which isn't theirs, research suggests Paris attacks suspect Mohamed Abrini arrested Norway won't take any more refugees from EU UK government goes on confiscation spree of mobility equipment from the disabled. Since 2013, more than 17,000 disabled people have had their mobility cars, powered wheelchairs, or scooters taken away. By 2018, it is predicted that 90,000 motability vehicles will be repossessed. Police raid El Salvador branch of Panama Papers law firm Former Governor of Iceland's Central Bank now named in the Panama Papers German migrant coordinator calls for doubling deportations Every Voter in Philippines Exposed in Mega Hack Twothirds of voters do not trust the new Icelandic government, sworn in yesterday First freight train links Wuhan in central China and Lyons in France Trudeau says he has no money in offshore accounts Sex tape scandal was work of Putin, says Russian political activist exposed in video Police operation & evacuation in Brussels, emergency vehicles at scene  report TransCanada estimates that about 16,800 gallons of oil leaked into a field in South Dakota as part of a spill that has shut the Keystone pipeline down while officials investigate. European storks become couch potatoes and junk food junkies Instead of migrating to Africa, storks are spending their winters feeding at landfills in Spain and Portugal. Storks across Europe are staying put due to availability of food waste at dumps  which causes some problems. David Cameron admits he did have a stake in father Ian Cameron's offshore investment fund Big oil spent $115m obstructing climate laws in 2015, NGO says Edward Snowdens David Cameron Tweet Tells Public to Rise Up and Force PMs Resignation David Cameron facing calls to resign after finally confessing he did profit from 30,000 stake in his late father's offshore fund Pope tell catholics to be more open toward gays and lesbians Thousands protesters to descend on Downing Street over PM's offshore links After Australian ISP offers free data day to make up for widespread outage, customers use 2686 terabytes of data. This includes a single user downloading nearly a terabyte of data in 24 hours, including all of wikipedia, 24 seasons of the simpsons, 14 seasons of mythbusters, and backing it up. Malawi Chief Annuls 850 Child Marriages, Sends Kids To School. In an unannounced move, David Cameron has decided not to replace former climate change envoy, forfeiting his promised fight against climate change Canadian PM Trudeau calls for global cooperation to crack down on offshore tax evasion in wake of Panama Papers scandal China's Great Firewall inventor forced to use VPN live on stage to dodge his own creation UK chancellor George Osborne benefited personally from a 6m tax dodging scheme A Saudi Arabialed military coalition used bombs supplied by the United States in an attack on a market in Yemen last month that killed at least 97 civilians, including 25 children, Human Rights Watch said in a report released Wednesday. Panama Papers leaked from law firm Mossack Fonseca uncover the exclusive club that lines the pockets of Palestine's political and financial elite 13 North Korean workers at overseas restaurants defect to S. Korea David Cameron accused of 'completely undermining' Tory claims to be tough on tax dodgers The U.S. Treasury Department intends to soon issue a longdelayed rule forcing banks to seek the identities of people behind shellcompany account holders, after the Panama Papers leak provoked a global uproar over the hiding of wealth via offshore banking devices Disgraced former FIFA boss Sepp Blatter to serve on panel on how to fix FIFA Female police officers subjected to 'attractiveness' inspections in Mexico Global warming may be far worse than thought, cloud analysis suggests. Researchers find clouds contain more liquid  as opposed to ice  than was previously believed, threatening greater increase in temperatures. 17+ Civilians Killed in U.S. Airstrikes Terror suspect Mohammed Abrini arrested Saudi Arabia's king announces a bridge is to be built over the Red Sea to Egypt 9,000 Ethiopian Jews to make aliyah in June Denmark arrests four suspected 'Islamic State' returnees b'Oil shortage a myth, says industry insider' Israel launches 'Iran Command' for war Petition Calling for an Investigation into 9/11 was Read Into Record of Canada's Parliament Today b'Canadian HRC Tribunal forces pastor to publicly renounce his religious beleifs' b'US and EU threaten to freeze Iranian assets unless uranium enrichment program is halted' b'Thousands of UK homeowners face negative equity' b'31 year old beats 3 year old to death worst case of abuse' b'White House Saying Senate Doesn't Get to Vote About Permanent Iraq Bases because its a Treaty ... A Treaty with WHO  Iraq's U.S. Installed, Occupied, Puppet Regime?!' b'Man escapes North Korea after 33 years' b'The 14yearold Afghan suicide bomber' Zimbabwe 'run by military junta' b'Former British Prime Minister Falsely Linking Iraq to 9/11 was Misinformation... We do have something to fear  the total loss of privacy to an intrusive state with authoritarian tendencies' b'College Drinking and Heart Problems' b'What? Tens of Thousands Protest Sale of US Beef in S. Korea for Fear of Mad Cow Disease?' b'Bush U.S. and EU must bond to press Iran on nukes' b'Shanghai Composite tumbles 7.7 percent ' b'Olmert Hints That U.S. Attack On Iran Is Near' b'Is Israel planning on using nukes in its next war? ' b'USS Liberty  New Revelations in Attack on American Spy Ship' World's first church unearthed in Jordan  b'Corruption in Ukraine allows epidemic to reach crisis point' b'Bush Discusses Iran Sanctions With EU Leaders' Tibet and the Olympic `tradition' b'Saddam tribe leader murdered in Iraq' b'Law creates underclass of child criminals' The inhumane detention conditions of Bradley Manning  Glenn Greenwald  Salon.com Iceland Considers Revoking Visa/MasterCard Licenses For Wikileaks Ban British police tactic kettling challenged on 
multiple breaches of the European Convention on 
Human Rights including Article 5  the right not 
to be unlawfully detained; Article 10  the right to 
freedom of expression; and Article 11  the right 
to freedom of assembly My name is Jody McIntyre and I didnt begin fighting for equality on the 9th December, the night that I was thrown from my wheelchair and dragged across the road by a riot police officer. WikiLeaks Swedish government 'hid' antiterror operations with America from Parliament Palestinian firefighters who helped put out Israeli forest fire denied permits to attend ceremony in their honor Bloggers Under Fire Worldwide  an emerging pattern of internet censorship and repression against those who speak out online Wikileaks cable from Ghana reveals that Ghanaian officials avoid arresting drug barons and that smugglers may actually be moving cocaine through President Mills' private lounge at Kotoka airport The city of Juarez, Mexico has just had its 3000th murder this year.  In 2007, the number of homicides was 300. UK may ban further student marches should the levels of violence which have marred the recent protests continue Julian Assange denied freedom  bail ruling is being appealed. Another 48 hours in custody European Commission demands Britain justifies the widespread fingerprinting of children in schools because of significant concerns that the policy breaks EU privacy laws Prime Minister of Kosovo may have been leader in a black market organsmuggling ring Halliburton Offers Nigeria $250 Million in Exchange for Dropping Charges Against Cheney, Company S. Korea stages largestscale civil defense drill amid tension with N. Korea Worldwide sexual abuse network unveiled after Norwegian police followed up on a lead about a expolice officer under investigation for attempted sexual abuse of a minor.  Russia Frost At The Core  
The tensions between the declining performance of the Russian economy, the expectations of the population and the corruption of the bureaucracy will erode the system, whoever is president RBS 'blocks FSA publication of bank investigation' Ten Biggest Africa Stories of 2010  Unless we live there, or have some professional interest, most of us probably couldn't name even one Africa story from 2010   The New Yorker Red Cross says Afghan conditions worst in 30 years Leaked Cable Hike food prices to boost GM crop approval in Europe Prime Minister of Kosovo is head of organ harvesting and drug ring in Eastern Europe report 27 asylum seekers die as boat sinks off Australia Cuba has launched its own online encyclopedia, similar to Wikipedia, with the goal of presenting
its version of the world and history. American ambassador says Norwegians are selfrighteous moralists and calls the country a loose cannon