 Protest against the world's first internet tax in Hungary A disabled 12 yearold girl in the UK has been 'allowed to die' after a court case fought by her parents made legal history Oil price will fall to $70 a barrel in 2015, Goldman Sachs says 4 Banks, Including JPMorgan, Fined in Europe Over Cartel Behavior Last US Marines, British combat forces officially end operations in Afghanistan after 13 years The federal government is shamelessly exploiting last weeks extremist attacks to dismantle liberties and core principles of justice, says journalist Glenn Greenwald. Harper Named World's 'Worst Climate Villain' After Damning Report Police cars overturned, Watercannon used as 5000 AntiIslamic Rioters take to Central Cologne German spies warn ISIS has antiaircraft rockets to shoot down passenger jets Embedding Is Not Copyright Infringement, EU Court Rules  The Court ruled that embedding copyrighted videos is not copyright infringement, even if the source video was uploaded without permission. The Vatican is digitizing thousands of its rarest texts | News Tesla boss Elon Musk warns artificial intelligence development is 'summoning the demon' Rwanda bans BBC over genocide film Australian teenager in ISIL video an 'idiot', says family New blotter test can spot Ebola in 30 minutes Dilma Rousseff reelected Brazil's president Lithuania's first floating LNG terminal breaks Russian monopoly Japan vows to continue its whaling program, despite an international ruling ordering it to stop Israel okays over 1000 new settler units Iranian President Rouhani says most severe punishment awaits perpetrators of acid attacks against Iranian women as government appoints probe chief to lead investigation Woman beheaded for killing ISIS member who attempted to rape her Belarus Wants to Criminalize Unemployment A 20year old Spanish kid pretended to be a government official, infiltrated the Spanish political elite. Israeli president calls 1956 massacre of Arabs a 'terrible crime' ProDemocracy Movements Vote in Hong Kong Abruptly Called Off U.S. threatens sanctions on buyers of ISIS oil Canada attack 'not linked to IS' Poll 74 percent of Denmark's citizens want to outlaw circumcision World's Longest Snake Has Virgin Birth1st Recorded in Species  We didn't know what we were seeing. We had attributed it to stored sperm. I guess sometimes truth is stranger than fiction. Lebanese MP Nicolas Fattoush repeatedly punches office worker, in front of many witnesses, after she refuses to let him jump a queue. He is being allowed to keep his job and no charges are to be brought. Since church ministers declared Ebola was a plague sent by God to punish sodomy in Liberia, the violence towards gays has escalated. They're even asking for the death penalty. We're living in fear, Sixty more women and girls reported kidnapped in Nigeria Canada to toughen terror laws Poland bans junk food in schools A 45,000yearold leg bone from Siberia has yielded the oldest genome sequence for Homo sapiens on record  revealing a mysterious population that may once have spanned northern Asia. Russian President Vladimir Putin criticised on Friday what he called the United States' unilateral diktat in global affairs and said the socalled winners of the Cold War wanted a new world order that suited only them. Microsoft Cofounder Paul Allen Donates $100M to Fight Raging Ebola Epidemic  Paul Allen oneupped his good friend, cofounder and former CEO Bill Gates, with an even bigger donation The largest city in Brazil is running dangerously low on water Drug mule left to die in airport over Ebola fears UK computer users who damage national security could face jail  Govt. plan for computer users deemed to have damaged national security, human welfare, the economy or the environment to face a life sentence has been criticised by experts who warn it could be used to target legitimate whistleblowers Canadian Broadcasting Corporation stonewalled Snowden story, says Greenwald ISIS School of Jihad trains small children how to behead, torture and use AK47s Russian president Vladimir Putin says West to blame for Ukraine crisis, US trying to 'remake the whole world' Heavy clashes between the Syrian Army and the Islamic State resulted in a defeat for the Islamic State in Eastern Reef Homs and the Syrian Army took over an Oil well Worldfirst dead heart transplant at Sydneys St Vincents Hospital a game changer Muslim groups fear angry response from Canadian public China Launches First Privately Funded Moon Mission Today Vitaly Churkin, Russias Permanent Representative to the United Nations has announced that Russia will back a resolution calling for a Palestinian state, if one is presented. Russia still has troops in Ukraine, NATO says Queensland government passes legislation that will see people who attack nurses, doctors, and paramedics face a 14 year jail term Egypt has just suffered a terrorist attack resulting in the deaths of 25 soldiers. Indian Air Force asks personnel not to use Xiaomi phones as these are believed to be transferring data to their servers in China and could be a security risk Russia's clocks go back for the last time on Sunday as it adopts winter hours permanently 'Darth Vader' goes to polls in Ukraine and wants to turn state into 'galactic empire' Canada Parliament Shooting SgtatArms Kevin Vickers ran to pillar that gunman was hiding behind, dove sideways around it, and shot gunman at pointblank range. Israeli Soldiers kill 14 year old American Teen in the West Bank. Iran hangs woman, defying international campaign  Reyhaneh Jabbari is executed for killing a man she said attacked her and tried to rape her Peshmerga entered the strategic town (Zumar), Killing more than 80 IS militants Missing students' classmates want Mexico governor 'behind bars' Google Executive Shatters Felix Baumgartner's Skydiving Record So Paulo running out of water as rainmaking Amazon vanishes. South Americas biggest and wealthiest city may run out of water by midNovember if it doesnt rain soon. We Have A Deal European Union Agrees To Cut Its Emissions 40 Percent By 2030 India picks Israel's Spike antitank missile over U.S. Javelin London's electric car infrastructure falling into ruin Pakistan and Iran exchange mortar fire on border Secret files show MI5 spying on academics ISIS Plants Flag On Hill Near Kobane, Coalition Airstrike Takes It Out We won't pay, furious Cameron tells EU over surprise budget 'We did not start this' Putin accuses United States of damaging world order Russia 'helped Yanukovych to flee' 16 killed in China coal mine collapse. Another 11 miners were injured in the disaster that struck just before midnight Friday in Tiechanggou township outside the Xinjiang regional capital of Urumqi. 21 nations agree to set up Chinaled regional bank Freelance reporter Aung Kyaw Naing killed while in custody of Burmese military ISIS uses chlorine gas in battle after seizing the chemical from overrun water purification plants Grave Robbers Plunder Ancient Danish Burial Sites Dating Back 4,000 Yrs  It's a disaster. Grave robbers have ruined part of Denmark's history. Artifacts like stone axes, jewelry & pottery taken. Last time Denmark graves were robbed was in 1890s. Shots fired at Parliament in Canada The Obama administration has until early December to detail its reasons for withholding as many as 2,100 graphic photographs depicting US military torture of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, a federal judge ordered on Tuesday. 'Why is the world allowing a holocaust to happen again?' Brave North Korean shares harrowing story of escape  Independent.ie The Walking Dead's Laurie Holden goes undercover to fight against underage sex trafficking and helps to save 55 young girls. Hungary to impose internet tax in 2015  as high as ~$0.6 per gigabyte Peace Prize Winner Malala Yousafzai to Obama ...send books instead of gunschange the world... Italian police uncover 1.7bn corporate fraud. Sweden gets two new sightings, as hunt for undersea intruder goes on Russians Pull $5 Billion Out of Banks as Ruble Plummets Man Who Killed Canadian Soldier With Car Was Radical Muslim on the RCMP watchlist Vatican Library Puts 4,000 Ancient Manuscripts Available Online For Free (500 manuscripts and 600 incunabula available now) Australian Government says, website blocking is not Web filtering. Greek archaeologists made another find on Tuesday as they unearthed the missing head of one of the two wingless sphinxes guarding the large and mysterious burial site in Amphipolis, in Greeces northeastern Macedonia region. Polands speaker backs down from claim Putin proposed dividing Ukraine Spanish nurse with ebola has been cured and given all clear. Press freedom in the Americas has 'worsened' Brazil Creates Amazon Rainforest Reserve Larger Than Delaware. The new reserve, called Alto Maues, has 6,680 square km (668,000 hectares or 1.65 million acres) of mostly untouched forests that are not known to have human presence, the Brazilian Environment Ministry said. The Ukrainian military has used cluster munitions numerous times in its conflict with proRussian separatists, likely scattering deadly bombs that did not immediately explode and putting civilians at risk, Human Rights Watch said in a new report Russians More Afraid of U.S. Than Islamic Terrorism, Survey Shows Cuban medics arrive in Liberia to fight Ebola More than 50 doctors land in Monrovia as WHO officials say they hope to develop serum from recovered patients' blood. Hong Kong protests government can't deny 'something huge has happened' About 50 young Cambodians have offered to join the fight against ISIS. In return they want US help to fight the Vietnamese and liberate an island off Cambodia that's been Vietnamese for at least 150 years. Hungarian goverment plans to introduce a ~0.5EUR/GB Internet tax next year for all ISPs Teenagers' heavy cannabis use 'impairs intelligence' 17thC. Dutch Warship Discovered Off the Coast of TobagoHuis de Kreuningen, largest ship in fleet, sunk by the Glorieux March 3, 1677 battling invading French fleet in Caribbean. To find the Huis de Kreuningen undiscovered & untouched for over 300 yrs was an exciting moment. 'We are a proud democracy, a welcoming and peaceful nation, and a country of open arms and open hearts. We are a nation of fairness, justice and the rule of law. We will not be intimidated into changing that'.  Justin Trudeau  Canadian MP North Korea has banned all tourism in the country in fear of Ebola outbreak 'Canada will never be intimidated,' PM Stephen Harper addressed the Nation. Former Blackwater guards found guilty in 2007 shootings of Iraqis Suspected gunman in downtown Halifax, Canada. Schools and businesses on lockdown. A Saudi court has sentenced 13 people to prison for plotting an attack against U.S. forces. Artifacts Dating Back Thousands of Yrs Destroyed by ISIS Militants in Iraq  What it hasn't destroyed, ISIS is selling on black market. 1000s of yrs before birth of Christ, people of Mesopotamia mastered 1st writing system, mathematics, astronomy, literature & law. Mexican Prosecutor Says Mayor, Wife Ordered Attack on Students Ottawa shooting SergeantatArms Kevin Vickers hailed a hero for shooting rampaging gunman China furious after Kenny G appears to back Hong Kong protesters Iran, Russia create joint operations headquarters to fight the Islamic State Mexico's government has ordered the arrest of the mayor of the southern town of Iguala, where six people died and 43 students disappeared after clashing with local police last month. South Sudan women suggest sex strike to end civil war Fighters scrambled as Russian spy plane violates Estonian air space Senior AlQaeda jihadist urges ISIS to free U.S. hostage who gave him medical treatment Chinas coal use is actually dropping for the first time this century Facebook paid no UK corporation tax for the second year in a row in 2013, while employees received shares in the company worth tens of millions of pounds. Hamas, Islamic Jihad salute Jerusalem terror attack US condemns 'despicable' Jerusalem terror attack that killed baby, injured 7 others Saudi kings nephew admits to Riyadh support for ISIL U.N. rights watchdog calls for open elections in Hong Kong Boeing sells first parts to Iran since 1979 Spanish Woman Who Beat Ebola Mourns for Her Slain Dog Human Rights Watch releases fresh report detailing the 'Exploitation of Female Migrant Domestic Workers in the United Arab Emirates.' With no labor law protections for domestic workers, employers can, and many do, overwork, underpay, and abuse these women. Denmark provides an additional 10 million kroner, overall reaching 74 million kroner donated to the ongoing Ebola crisis in west Africa WHO Declares Nigeria EbolaFree After 42 Days With No Cases Pacific islanders on canoes blockade Australia coal export terminal saying fossil fuels are contributing to rising sea levels that threaten their countries' very existence Israeli President Rivlin Time to admit that Israel is a sick society that needs treatment Jack the Ripper Scientists who claims to have identified notorious killer has 'made serious DNA error' Britain is on the brink of becoming a nation permanently divided between rich and poor, poverty commission warns Press TV reporter killed in suspicious car accident in Turkey  3 days ago Turkish intelligence agency had accused her of spying Spanish nurse who became first person to contract Ebola outside Africa tests negative for the virus Paris opera ejects woman in Muslim veil after cast refuses to sing Japan 'not ready' for invasion of redbacks as venomous Australian spiders reach Tokyo U.S. tug boat rescues drifting Russian cargo ship, ending fears of an oil spill off the B.C. coast Police move to clear Occupy protesters from Parliament Square Canada develops ebola vaccine that is effective on animals  800 vials of the vaccine are being shipped to the WHO for further testing Mass surveillance of the internet by intelligence agencies is corrosive of online privacy and threatens to undermine international law, according to a report to the United Nations general assembly. Hamas claims it is rebuilding infiltration tunnels into Israel Confirmed Israel to Supply Gas to Egypt in $4 Billion Deal Ebola Liberias President writes moving letter to the world India set to become $2 trillion economy this year US airdrops arms and supplies to Kurdish opposition fighters in Syrian town of Kobani Amazon deforestation picking up pace, satellite data reveals | Data indicates 190% rise in land clearance in August and September compared with same period last year Fire exposes illegal Chinese factories in Italy Islamic State Turkey to let Iraq Kurds join Kobane fight McDonalds Says Russia Inspecting More Than 200 Outlets Swedish Navy's Rear Adm. Anders Grenstad said it had no information about any emergency messages suggesting a Russian minisubmarine had run into trouble in Swedish waters Poll 75% of Israeli Jews oppose Palestinian state on '67 lines Priests race to save manuscripts from jihadists in Iraq Australian Whistleblower who leaked a secret scholarship for Tony Abbott's daughter to be sentenced this week Hong Kong has too many poor people to allow direct elections, leader says WorldFirst, FDAApproved, Embryonic Stem Cell Clinical Trial for Diabetes is Launched, After Diabetes is Cured in Mice. Oscar Pistorius receives a prison sentence of 5 years for the culpable homicide of Reeva Steenkamp Paralysed man walks again after cell transplant  Geoff Raisman said It would be my proudest boast if I could say that no patient had had to pay one penny for any of the information we have found. 2 Biggest Tuna Fish Brands in UK Backtracking on Commitments  Leaked documents show they're likely to opt out of commitments to end FAD fishing methods. 'Thats unacceptable. It's a truly devastating method of catching tuna. It catches a huge array of species, including sharks, rays & turtles.' Sweden ready to use force to surface sub Man stones daughter to death in Daesh video CEO of oil giant TOTAL dies in crash of private jet at take off in Moscow Putin offered to divide Ukraine with Poland  Polish exminister The $103 million taxpayer funding of New Zealand's intelligence agencies is effectively a membership fee for joining the Five Eyes surveillance club with the United States, United Kingdom, Australia and Canada, according to a declassified report. Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has hit an alltime high despite years of counternarcotics efforts that have cost the US $7.6bn Former Australian PM Gough Whitlam who brought in sweeping changes that transformed Australia has died at age 98 Russia Prepares for IceCold War with Show of Military Force in the Arctic  Vladimir Putin sends troops & jets to oil & gasrich region coveted by Canada, US, Norway & Denmark The Ukrainian Army appears to have fired cluster munitions on several occasions into the heart of Donetsk, unleashing a weapon banned in much of the world into a rebelheld city with a peacetime population of more than one million Poorly paid Nepalese porters found frozen in flip flops and trainers Japanese man gets 2 year sentence for making guns using 3D printer UK wind industry sets new generation record as it nears 25 per cent power share  wind power outperformed nuclear power throughout the whole weekend and into Monday morning, and allowed a number of coal power plants to be taken offline. John Kerry praises Cuban role in Ebola fight Russia Wont Accept Terms to End Sanctions Over Ukraine Russian artist cuts off earlobe in protest at use of forced psychiatry on dissidents Known terror suspect in Canada runs over two soldiers; is gunned down by police Palestinians file UN complaint accusing settler of killing schoolgirl Sweden's Second AP Fund has just divested $116 million from oil, coal and gas companies  the first national pension fund in the world to do so South Sudan sexual violence 'rampant,' twoyearold raped U.N. Mysterious Wooden Idol Found in Russia is 11,000 years old, The Shigir Idol is twice as old as the Pyramids and Stonehenge  and is by far the oldest wooden structure in the world. Covered in a code no one can decipher. India virtually eliminates tetanus as a killer of newborns and mothers, a year after it eliminated polio Russian fighter pilots will begin arriving in Syria in the coming days, and will fly their Russian air force fighter jets and attack helicopters against ISIS and rebelaligned targets within the failing state. Corporate Developers Seize Indigenous Lands in Brazil and Hire Hit Men to Murder Residents Saudi Arabia is the Great ISIS  says Yemeni army spokesman Nestle says forced labor has no place in our supply chain following a U.S. class action lawsuit that alleges the Swiss food company knowingly supported a system of slave labor and human trafficking to make its Fancy Feast cat food France will ban cars from the streets of Paris for one day next month, turning the city over to pedestrians and cyclists  the move is timed to coincide with the upcoming United Nations climate conference A new era? Iranians erase 'Death to America' graffiti from wall of former US embassy in Tehran VICE News crew facing terrorism charges in Turkey on Monday. ISIS blows up biggest temple at Palmyra MI6 spy found dead in holdall 'hacked into secret data about Bill Clinton' Nearly 100 Afghan schoolgirls fell sick on Monday, prompting officials in the western city of Herat to investigate whether they were poisoned by Taliban militants. Singapore lifts ban on HIVpositive visitors Foreigners with HIV will be able to visit for up to three months but will still be prevented from staying long term or working in the citystate. Bin Laden should have been tried, not killed  UK opposition party leader frontrunner A loud explosion shook central Kiev near the countrys parliament building Monday as lawmakers voted for constitutional changes to give its eastern regions a special status. Slashing household solar subsides will kill off industry, government told Tony Blair 'tried to save Colonel Gaddafi' just before bombing of Libya Sierra Leone Officials confirm new Ebola death Brazil mayor who ran town via WhatsApp wanted for corruption US considering sanctions over Chinese cyber theft Report Hezbollah enlisting West Bank youth to carry out terror attacks against Israel Tehran will continue to strengthen the axis of resistance in order to deal with the Zionist entity. Migration crisis Germany, France and Britain demand urgent EU meeting Thousands urge help for Indian sisters ordered raped Red Sea stinging jellyfish 'invading' Mediterranean through Suez Canal  The newlyenlarged canal is forming a superhighway for invasive species. Expansion did away with natural barrier. We have this corridor pushing in alien species. Some, like devil firefish, are beautiful but deadly. Borussia Dortmund offers 220 Syrian refugees free tickets to watch their match, which means a football club has welcomed more Syrian refugees than the entirety of the Syrian refugees welcomed by the UK 'Illegal' mass protest across Malaysia calling for prime minister's resignation and fair elections after revelation he took $700million in state funds BMW All Models Electric Within Decade  intends to convert all its vehicles to some configuration of plugin hybrid. New range of cars could be driven by separate electric motors powering the front/rear wheels, with small gasoline engine to generate electricity to extend the range of the batteries Ukraine just published detailed intelligence of Russian troop movements and equipment Massive gas field discovered off Egypt is potentially 'one of the world's largest'  5.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent, says Italian energy firm Eni. Picture of desperate man selling pens in Lebanon's streets with daughter inspired online fundraiser that has gone viral raising over $130,000 Conservationists appalled at illegal killing of 25m birds a yr in Mediterranean | Glued, poisoned, trapped, shot  a shocking report reveals enforcement failure at a colossal scale as hunters across southern Europe & the Middle East kill birds with impunity Only 16 female voters registered in Saudi municipal elections A road accident in Swaziland has killed 38 girls and seriously injured 20 others who were on their way to a traditional ceremony where King Mswati III can choose a new wife, prodemocracy activists reported. Large Hadron Collider Subatomic particles have been found that appear to defy the Standard Model of particle physics. The scientists working at CERN have found evidence of leptons decaying at different rates, which could be evidence for nonstandard physics Tens of thousands protest defense bills outside Japan's diet. No to war legislation! Scrap the bills now! and Abe, quit! they chanted during the demonstration in the government district in Tokyo, filling the street outside the front gate of the parliament Marine Le Pen calls for end to legal immigration to France  French farright leader Marine Le Pen has called for an end to all immigration to France, legal and illegal The Netherlands is set to toughen its asylum policy by cutting off food and shelter for people who fail to qualify as refugees. Failed asylum seekers would be limited to a few weeks shelter after being turned down, if they do not agree to return home. U.S. Official Saudis Have Used Cluster Bombs in Yemen Sweden's farright Sweden Democrats, which recently topped an opinion poll for the first time, want a referendum to be held on the country's generous immigration policy, its party leader said Saturday. Migrant traffickers open fire on Greek coast guard, 1 dead Mexican opium production has risen to meet heroin demand in U.S. Production is predominantly in the southwestern Guerrero state, which its governor, Rogelio Ortega Martnez says is now on par with Afghanistan in terms of heroin production Amari says TPP may be halted if no deal is reached before Canada election in October Poaching increasing, 749 rhinos poached in 2015 Spanish authorities have arrested a American man on charges of enslavement and diamond pillaging during Sierra Leone's civil war, a victims' association said on Saturday Smugglers who drove migrants to their deaths were part of a vast web The oil and gas producer Nexen Energy, a Canadian subsidiary of China's CNOOC, was forced to suspend operations Saturday at 95 pipelines after a major leak last month Egypt sentences 3 AlJazeera reporters to 3 years in prison for broadcasting false news Europe's openborder policy Schengen may be nearing its end French gypsies block major motorway to Calais with burning tyres in demonstration after shooting at camp About That Airplane Part That Was Supposed to Solve the MH370 Mystery... Guardian Editor U.K. 'Security Experts' Entered Offices And Destroyed Hard Drives  You've had your debate. There's no need to write any more. The Guardian is suing the UK Home Office for the detention of David Miranda Brazil passes a law that reserves the nation's oil royalties for education and health care Historic victory. U.K. government thought destroying Guardian hard drives would stop Snowden stories One U.S. security official told Reuters that one of the main purposes of the British government's detention and questioning of Miranda was to send a message to recipients of Snowden's materials 60 years ago, the U.S. and Britain overthrew a democratic gov't in Iran, docs reveal BP is suing the US government to be allowed to explore for oil with US federal money again. Following the ninehourlong detention by British authorities of Glenn Greenwald's partner, David Miranda, Anonymous hacks UK and Chinese government websites, posts personal information of US government officials and their families as vital antiterror surveillance information. David Miranda detention prompts outcry over 'gross misuse' of terror laws Indonesian city to require female schoolgirls to pass virginity test. Official said it's a response to the high rate of adultery and prostitution among female students. In China, half of all groundwater and 2/3rds of all surface water is polluted Members of one of the most isolated tribes on Earth have briefly emerged from the Peruvian jungle to ask for food..The tribe, which numbers in the hundreds, has had virtually no contact with the wider world..Campaigners say logging and urban dev't have diminished the area in which the tribe can live Antisuperstition activist Narendra Dabholkar shot dead in Pune, India In 2006, when Sweden's unemployment rate stood at only 6%, Mr Reinfeldt promised to boost jobs by cutting income tax and welfare benefits. Today unemployment is above 8%, and youth unemployment is higher than in any other Nordic country. Israel behind Egypt coup  Turkish PM Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan claims Ankara has proof Israel was behind the July 3 military coup that toppled Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi, Hurriyet daily reports. One in 7 Canadians has genital herpes StatsCan study Russian Officials Now Prohibited from Having Foreign Bank Accounts More than 1,000 artifacts spanning 3500 years of history looted or destroyed during Egypts violence Wrecked Fukushima plant springs highly radioactive water leak The latest leak, which is continuing, is so contaminated that a person standing 50 centimetres (1.6 feet) away would, within an hour, receive a radiation dose five times the average annual global limit for nuclear workers. Radiation levels in Fukushima bay highest since measurements began Encrypted computer files seized from David Miranda 'were from US whistleblower Glenn Greenwald Detaining My Partner Was a Failed Attempt at Intimidation  The detention of my partner, David Miranda, by UK authorities will have the opposite effect of the one intended Egyptian journalist shot dead after curfew  Egyptian security forces killed the bureau chief of a provincial office of state newspaper AlAhram after opening fire on a car they thought had tried to escape from a checkpoint enforcing a dusktodawn curfew New Zealand prime minister John Key says he will resign if spy agency conducted mass surveillance on citizens North Korea Grapples With Crystal Meth Epidemic British PM David Cameron told a member of his cabinet to warn the Guardian newspaper of serious consequences of publishing Snowden material WikiLeaks Govts attacks on media signalling rise of fascism in UK, US' Journalism is not Terrorism.  Greenwald 'Let's tax the sun' Spain's new tax on solar panels has shocked international publications like Forbes for its stupidity. David Miranda was forced to give the passwords for his cell phone and laptop to the police against the threat of prison. Lord Falconer, who helped introduce the Terrorism Act, states that it provided no legal basis to detain David Miranda UK defends Miranda detention Those who oppose (detentions) need to think about what they are condoning. Reports of massive chemical attack near Damascus as UN observers arrive in Syria Argentina's Ambassador Calls David Cameron 'Dumb' And 'Completely Useless' Quebec wants to ban turbans, veils, kippas, from publicly funded spaces In the 21st century surveillance state, we are all terrorists  Intimidating reporters, destroying their computers, detaining them under false pretenses  it's all in a day's work for today's modern spy agency GCSB Bill Passed (New Zealand domestic spying bill) Russia slams UKs double standards over Guardian pressure David Cameron accused of sanctioning detention of Glenn Greenwald's partner David Miranda Australian University Newspaper has had to change its cover to a blank canvas, after the original cover depicted 18 realistic vaginas of the student population, trying to protest against the false depictions of female genitalia in the media. [Uncensored Cover inside] North Korean prison camp horror exposed at UN panel hearing. Harrowing accounts of how guards chopped off a man's finger, forced inmates to eat frogs and a mother to kill her own baby. North Korea Breaks Bad Heavy Meth Use and Addiction Why the Guardian destroyed the hard drives of leaked files Pink Floyd's Roger Waters calls on his fellow musicians to boycott the Zionist Israeli regime. Black Helicopters Britain's Blind Faith in Intelligence Agencies Cameron was behind UK attempt to halt Snowden reports Japan to raise severity rating for Fukushima leaks to level 3 In Russia, Five Men Film And Share Brutal Attack On Trans Woman In Broad Daylight Indian campaigner against mysticism and black magic assassinated after government announces an antisuperstition bill Guardian Willingly Destroyed Snowden Data instead of letting a Judge decide outcome in a year. An Indian spiritual leader who sparked controversy when he said a gangrape victim could have saved herself by addressing her violators as brothers and asking for mercy, has been charged with raping a minor PayPal unfreezes $45,000 cancer donation after media enquiries, the wife of the cancer patient previously rang PayPal without success, says she felt helpless Fukushima leak is 'much worse than we were led to believe' What is the worse is the water leakage everywhere else...It is leaking out from the basements, it is leaking out from the cracks all over the place. Nobody can measure that. It is much worse than we have been led to believe, much worse Hundreds of children's bodies piled high after nerve gas attack near Damascus leaves up to 1,300 dead Julian Assange Bradley Manning Sentence is an Affront to Basic Concepts of Western Justice Council of Europe wants to know why Britain ordered Guardian harddisks destroyed and detaining Greenwalds partner, calls it negative impact on freedom of expression in the UK. Canadian Robber caught after going back to apologize A Pakistani cleric cut his wife into pieces on Wednesday for refusing to wear a veil and sending their children to school Julian Assange make a puplic statement on the Manning case The only just outcome in Mr Mannings case is his unconditional release, compensation for the unlawful treatment he has undergone... Full statement in link Mubarak is Free Germany Produces RecordBreaking amount of solar power and even shatters their wind power record. Renewables are doing so well, in fact, that one of Germany's biggest utilities is threatening to migrate to Turkey. Up to 400 British citizens emigrate every day, causing what one politician says is a 'disappearance' of skilled middleclass professionals Police brutality reported at UK fracking protests. They tried to provoke a clash when we had no interest in having one. David Miranda wins partial court victory over data seized by police Native Canadian women sold on U.S. ships, researcher says  Thunder Bay An Australian Islamic preacher is under police investigation after he was filmed calling for all Buddhists and Hindus to be killed. France calls for use of force in Syria if chemical weapons massacre is proved The detention of David Miranda was an unlawful use of the Terrorism Act  The Act, which I helped introduce, was not passed with people like Miranda in mind. The act was designed to secure lasting peace in Northern Ireland and make it difficult for Irish dissident terrorists to come to the mainland Gaza Palestinian Youth Denounce Hamas As Medieval Gangsters Video James Kirchick Taken Off Russia Today After Slamming Russia's AntiGay Law Israeli Media Reports Air Raid Sirens Wail in Northern Israel China arrests Weibo users for inciting public dissatisfaction with the government Auckland, New Zealand to ban beggars off street Canadians may be victims of illicit spying Sherlock Actor Benedict Cumberbatch challenges the British Prime Minister on Goverment Surveillance and the Police State Orders To Destroy Guardian Hard Drives Came Directly From PM David Cameron Not a conspiracy anymore It appears that the UK government is...intentionally leaking harmful information to The Independent and attributing it to others SOPA 2 the return of the internets grim reaper Chinese policeman who grabbed an infant and threw her to the ground has been sacked from the force and formally arrested Ecuador gives up on protecting the rain forest  oil drilling soon to destroy most biodiverse place on the planet Colombia more than doubled the size of a huge nature reserve as it fights to protect the Amazon from deforestation Fukushima operator pleads for international help as radiation crisis deepens Edward Snowden leaks reveal UKs secret MiddleEast web surveillance base  Datagathering operation is part of a 1bn internet project still being assembled by GCHQ The first legal abortion in an Irish hospital has been carried out in Dublin, it was confirmed on Friday. The termination was carried out on a woman who had an unviable 18week pregnancy and whose life was risk at the National Maternity hospital. Saudi Princess Meshael Alayban posts $5,000,000.00 bail, then skips her California arraignment on human trafficking charges, contending that her Kenyan slave was well paid, well fed, enjoyed spa days and cable television and even had wild shopping sprees. Israeli Jets Bomb Lebanon In Retaliation For Rocket Attack Kenya jails Chinese ivory smuggler in landmark ruling. Sentenced to two and a half years in prison on Thursday in a landmark ruling hailed as sending a powerful warning to poachers and smugglers. Surge in wolf attacks in France prompts call to bring in American hunters, because the French don't know how to kill wolves Germany Breaks its Own Record for Solar Power Generation Someone Beat the Vikings Into the North Atlantic by 500 Years  We're not sure who colonised the Faroe Islands, but they got there pretty early The Real, Terrifying Reason Why British Authorities Detained David Miranda For some two decades, major German breweries have allegedly been fixing beer prices, according to a media report this week. They now face hundreds of millions of euros in fines. One of China's most wellknown civil rights advocates has been formally arrested on charges of disrupting public order, as Beijing cracks down on grassroots efforts to build a civil society that may challenge its rule UN finds Australia guilty in 150 cases of Human rights abuses. US gun culture is 'corrupting the world,' Australia exdeputy PM says after Okla. slaying I am angry cos it's corrupting the world, this gun culture of the U.S. The U.S. has chosen the pathway of an illogical policy with regard to guns. They cannot expect not to have any criticism of it worldwide Syria crisis Child refugees reach 'one million'. 'The UN's refugee agency and Unicef say a further two million children are displaced within the country' Ten tons of dead fish found in lake near Rio de Janeiro's 2016 Olympic Park The News From Fukushima Just Gets Worse, and the Japanese Public Wants Answers Theresa May attacked for comments on critics of David Miranda's detention  Exdirector of public prosecutions speaks out after home office say opponents of Miranda's detention are 'condoning terrorism' Nobody is saying anything but Colombia has been for the last 4 days in a Nationwide strike against the Government policies and the Trade agreement with the United States. US soldier sentenced to life in prison for shooting 16 Afghan villagers A 15yearold girl who faced 100 lashes in the Maldives after she was raped by her stepfather has had the sentence overturned following an international campaign. Judge refuses to let Muslim defendant wear burqa in court Holding Italy Hostage Vote me out of jail, or I will bring the country down with me. This, essentially, is the message Silvio Berlusconifourtime prime minister, owner of the countrys three main TV channels, criminal defendant many times overhas just sent to the Italian government... Recently released documents show that New Zealand police possibly got illegal help from spying apparatus set up by America's National Security Agency in order to bust Megaupload's Kim Dotcom Snowden accuses UK gov't of leaking documents he never leaked to make mim look bad Police in Hong Kong have arrested more than 1,800 people in a crackdown on the organised crime gangs known as triads. Nigerian Islamists accused of cutting throats of 44 villagers Syrian soldiers enter rebel tunnels, find chemical agents state TV Syrian state television said government soldiers found chemical agents in rebel tunnels in the Damascus suburb of Jobar on Saturday and some of the troops were suffocating U.S. Shipping Thousands of Cluster Bombs to Saudis, Despite Global Ban Medecins Sans Frontieres says it treated about 3,600 patients with 'neurotoxic symptoms' in Syria, of whom 355 died UK drives Guardian to partner with the New York Times, which has the files and will start reporting also. The United States on Friday was repositioning naval forces in the Mediterranean to give President Barack Obama the option for an armed strike on Syria, although officials cautioned that Obama had made no decision on military action Iran's Rouhani says chemical weapons killed people in Syria  The Islamic Republic gives notice to the international community to use all its might to prevent the use of these weapons anywhere in the world, especially in Syria, First Nations Women Are Being Sold Into The Sex Trade On Ships Along Lake Superior Mapped Every Protest on the Planet Since 1979 Syrian troops find chemical agents in tunnels used by rebels The list of Christian churches, schools, institutions, shops torched by the Muslim Brotherhood in the last three days US readies possible missile strike against Syria  report Pastor caught up in $300,000 small town opium bust The German Government is now deeply suspicious that the Trusted Platform Module (TPM) technology built into a growing number of Windows 8 PCs and tablets is creating a gigantic back door for NSA surveillance, leaked documents have suggested. Doctors Without Borders Confirms 3,600 Suffering Neurotoxic Symptoms Treated in Hospitals in Syria Canadian politician admits to smoking pot during his time as a member of Parliament, with a surprisingly positive response. [xpost from /r/Canada] Israel's Most Liberal City Introduces Racially Segregated Kindergartens Americans strongly oppose U.S. intervention in Syria's civil war and believe Washington should stay out of the conflict even if reports that Syria's government used deadly chemicals to attack civilians are confirmed, a Reuters/Ipsos poll says. David Miranda's detention is a threat to press freedom, say European editors  Newspapers urge prime minister to restore Britain's reputation for free press after holding of Guardian journalist's partner Land speculators destroy 2,700 year old Greek necropolis in Libya, throwing artifacts into a river Syria has agreed to allow weapons inspectors full access to any site of a purported chemical weapons attack, effective immediately, Syria's Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al Mekdad tells CNN's Fred Pleitgen. An open letter from four of the largest Nordic newspapers to Britains PM David Cameron regarding the treatment of The Guardian 2 British women were beaten and detained in China for refusing to accept counterfeit goods. Their visas expired while they were stuck in jail and they are now in legal limbo. CSEC Commissioner Canadians May Have Been Illegally Targeted in Surveillance Activities In Violation of the Law Muslim Brotherhood leader is hiding in London Did New Zealand Spooks Tap Into PRISM To Spy On Dotcom? 'Police affidavits appear to show that NZ police and spy agencies are able to tap directly into US surveillance systems...' Egypt Widens Crackdown and Meaning of 'Islamist'  Anyone who opposes the regime, even liberal groups, are being branded Islamists and arrested on false charges Scandinaivian publishers write Open Letter to David Cameron in the midst of recent events in the snowden case UK government given Tuesday deadline over David Miranda data Judges ask government to provide detailed evidence about why it wants right to trawl and share data seized using terror laws Secret vodka smuggling pipeline discovered under Kyrgyzstan river Plumpy'Nut The lifesaver that costs... well, peanuts lifesaving peanut paste, first trialled during a famine in Niger eight years ago, is reaching two million of the world's most severely malnourished children a year Censorship Doesnt Just Stifle Speech  It Can Spread Disease  [MERS] is mysterious, far more so than it should bebecause Saudi Arabia, where the majority of cases have clustered, has been tightlipped about the diseases spread Syria Cameron and Obama agree to military strike over chemical weapons Syria Mideast will burn if we're attacked Ecuador looks to ban publication of classified documents, despite 'housing' WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange 3,600 Syrians show 'neurotoxic symptoms' Editors of four major Scandinavian papers write an open letter to David Cameron Russia warns U.S. not to repeat in Syria past mistakes in region Referring to the United States' military intervention in Iraq, the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement that any military action would affect joint U.S.Russian efforts for an international peace conference on Syria. Two Russian bombers have violated Japanese airspace near its major southern island of Kyushu on Thursday, prompting Tokyo to scramble its own F2 combat jets and lodge a protest, reports say. Greenpeace campaigners invade Belgian Grand Prix to protest against sponsors Shell Jihadist Group Boko Haram Attacks Nigerian Village Killing 44, Survivors Have Their Eyes Gouged Out Scotland Yard under fire over arbitrary terror arrests  IPCC investigating 25 complaints about Schedule 7 detentions at borders as Britains biggest force given ultimatum after refusing to hand over evidence Exclusive CIA Files Prove America Helped Saddam as He Gassed Iran Snowden Covered His Tracks Well; How Many Other NSA Staffers Did The Same? 'U.S. government's efforts to determine which highly classified materials Snowden took from the National Security Agency have been frustrated by Snowden's sophisticated efforts to cover his digital trail..' Syria UN Inspectors 'Shot At By Snipers' LSD is good for you, say Norway researchers US military intervention in Syria would 'repeat the mistakes' of Iraq war, Russia warns Syrian official Israel will be under fire if the US strikes in Syria. Top Editors Call Out UK Govt 'Detention of Miranda Undermines Free Press' Sharply worded open letter from the heads of leading European papers echoes mass outrage at abuse of antiterrorism laws to intimidate journalists Alexander runs the US cyberwar effort, an empire he built over eight years by insisting that our vulnerability to digital attacks requires amassing ever more authority. In his telling, the threat is so huge that the nation has little option but to put the entire Internet under his control. Navy ready to launch first strike on Syria Britain is planning to join forces with America and launch military action against Syria within days in response to the gas attack believed to have been carried out by President Bashar alAssads forces against his own people Wikileaks leaks alleged emails between American officials and intelligence contractors. Finnish Court Censors Website That Criticizes Censorship  While the site itself doesnt host or link to illegal content, the court argues that societys obligation to protect the children trumps freedom of speech in this case Jehovahs Witness elders stonewalled a police probe into church members sexual abuse. They claimed they had a duty to God not to cooperate with the investigation. Taiwan Seizes 2,626 Rare Turtles Bound for Dinner Plates in China  After consuming up their own turtles, now they are turning their eyes to Southeast Asia & Taiwan, said a Council of Agriculture official. Since the turtles are not seen often in the wild, many must've been involved. Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster AKA Pastafarians stage satirical march in Moscow. Police detain and charge 8 with organizing an unsanctioned rally. Alexei Navalny, who is also an anticorruption blogger, was detained late Sunday at an event for infringing the rights and legal interests of other citizens, an unnamed police official told Interfax news agency. Britain's antiterror legislation should be widened to cover the publication and passing on of official government secrets, the former Metropolitan Police Commissioner Lord Blair has suggested. Gay reporter James Kirchick kicked off Russias RT news network for protesting antigay laws Russia to US Once again we call not to repeat past mistakes, not to allow actions that contradict international law. Feasting & Fighting the LongLost Secrets of Beowulf  Archaeologists in Denmark have excavated the 6thcentury great dining hall at the center of the epic work. The dark secrets of Englands oldest work of epic literature are emerging from under a field. Syria lets U.N. inspect gas attack site, Washington says too late 'Our generation is a lost cause' Spain's youth struggle to chart a life amid economic crisis Hysteria around chemical attack suits those who want military intervention in Syria  Sergey Lavrov, Foreign Minister of Russia Flouting International Rejection of Weapons, US to Supply Saudi Arabia With Cluster Bombs  The U.S. and Saudi Arabia have refused to sign the Convention on Cluster Munitions, which prohibits use and transfer of the weapons noted for their harm to civilian populations years after they are dropped 1,000strong Burmese Buddhist mob burns Muslim homes and shops Saudi Arabia to have 16 nuclear reactors to be ready by 2030 Hans Blix Whether Obama in Syria or Bush in Iraq, The US Is Not the World Police Facebook will pay a $20 million fine for privacy violations, from which it made $73 million in profits. Obama orders documents justifying a military strike in Syria to be declassified and released, legal process to justify military intervention is already underway India bans shark 'finning' Russias warning falls on deaf ears as Britain and US prepare to bomb Remember bogus U.S. excuses for Iraq war before attacking Syria China's Xinhua Saudi Arabia has secretly offered Russian a sweeping deal to control the global oil market and safeguard Russias gas contracts, if the Kremlin backs away from the Assad regime in Syria. Russia says West acting in Muslim world like 'monkey with grenade' German Chancellor Candidate Stop Trade Negotiations Until US Stops Spying Most efficient Health Care by Country. Hong Kong, Singapore and Japan have top three spots. Israel comes in fourth. US comes in 46th. Liberia students all fail university admission exam. Liberia's education minister says she finds it hard to believe that not a single candidate out of 25,000 passed this year's university admission exam. Russia starts evacuating its citizens from Syria ahead of western strike Tom's BBQPhilanthropic Work With The Aid Of Paz De Cristo Talk Of Strike On Syria Moves From 'Will It Happen?' To When Syria crisis Russia and China step up warning over strike Former JPMorgan employee who is wanted by the United States in a trading scandal that cost the bank $6.2 billion last year, was arrested in Madrid Russia warned Western powers on Monday against any military intervention in Syria, saying the use of force without a U.N. mandate would violate international law. Russia warns of 'catastrophic consequences' if Syria hit Kerry Chemical weapons were used in Syria, accuses Assad of destroying evidence UN says it will contact United States over spying report Syria crisis warplanes spotted in Cyprus as tensions rise in Damascus Kerry US will act against Assad Julian Assange Reveals Google's Covert Role In Foaming Uprisings First wave powered desalination plant to be built in Perth, Australia. Expat British architect loses a tooth after Basel police beat him for cycling on a bike without proper brakes A campaign has been launched to encourage the World Meteorological Organisation to begin naming hurricanes and other destructive storms after climate change deniers. New Zealand bans software patents Todays historic legislation will support our innovative technology industry, and sends a clear message to the rest of the world that New Zealand wont tolerate the vexatious practice of patent trolls Irans parliament has given preliminary approval to a bill requiring the government to sue the U.S. for its involvement in the 1953 coup that overthrew the countrys democratically elected prime minister. Existence of new element confirmed Strike on Syria Would Cause One on Israel, Iran Declares Syrian President This is nonsense. First they level the accusations, and only then they start collecting evidence. Castro Denies That Cuba Refuses To Accept Snowden, He Admires Snowdens Actions Syria challenges West to offer proof of chemical weapons use PM Poland will not join strikes on Syria For the first time, the combined GDP of poor nations is greater than the rich ones Syria says 'terrorists' will strike Europe with chemical weapons Jordan No attack on Syria from our soil Apple Tries to Trademark the Word 'Startup' Exclusive Glenn Greenwald Interview I Won't Be Kept Out of My Country for Doing Journalism! Syrian Electronic Army takes down New York Times website Currency Spikes at 4 P.M. in London Provide Rigging Of Stock Market Clues distorting the value of trillions of dollars of investments in funds that track global indexes. Bloomberg News reported Iranian Official Israel to Be First Victim of U.S. Attack on Syria Painting of Vladimir Putin in women's underwear seized by Russian police N. Korea sees bright future in tourism Pope Francis has phoned an Argentine woman to comfort her and tell her she is not alone after she wrote a letter to him saying she was raped by a policeman. Russia Paintings of Officials Are Seized by the Police.The police seized a painting of the president and prime minister in womens underwear from an art gallery in St. Petersburg, saying the display had broken unspecified laws. Japan formally raises Fukushima water leak to INES Level 3 incident Excorcist arrested claiming penis purge ghosts inside women Angela Merkel Greece should never have been allowed in the euro Taliban attack under way on Polish base in east Afghanistan Saudi Arabia's cabinet has passed a ban on domestic violence and other forms of abuse against women for the first time in the Kingdom's history. The cabinet approved a ban on physical or sexual violence earlier this week, which applies both at home or within the work place. Man turns his phone number into a premium number. Makes money off of telemarketers calling him. Russia is sending an antisubmarine ship and a missile cruiser to the Mediterranean as Western powers prepare for possible strikes against Syria WikiLeaks raises $12,000 in Bitcoin for Edward Snowden's defense Fukushima leak upgraded to Level 3 severity, leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the ocean. Kim JongUn's ex is executed by firing squad. David Cameron backed down and agreed to delay a military attack on Syria following a growing revolt over the UK's rushed response to the crisis on Wednesday night. Legalize/Decriminalize Marijuana, Canadians Say 'A survey found that 69% either want to see marijuana legalized, taxed, and regulated or see the possession of small amounts decriminalized.' Christianity is dying in England, and in France Catholic priests are only preaching to pensioners  In France, almost twothirds of youth said they belonged to 'no religion' and very few people, just an estimated one in 20, regularly attend Mass Syria asks UN to immediately investigate three new chemical attacks by rebels US Judge Rejects BPs Latest Request to Stop Payments from its MultibillionDollar Settlement with Victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico Oil Spill  Were pleased the court relied on actual facts & evidence in reaching its conclusion & not the unsupported hyperbole & speculation propagated by BP. Untouchable girl kidnapped and repeatedly gangraped in a car by the sons of influential persons with a warning that if she did not return to them every 10 days, her parents would be killed. Syrias ambassador to the United Nations, Bashar Jaafari, added a new level of complexity to the issue on Wednesday, announcing that he had submitted evidence of three previously unreported instances of chemical weapons use in Syria, which he asserted had been carried out by Syrian insurgents. Christians, other minorities in Syria fear 'ethnic cleansing'  Syrian rebels, who are mostly Sunni Muslims, have repeatedly shelled Christian neighborhoods in the city Protesters gather outside Downing Street to oppose Syria intervention Undercover at the Tar Sands What It's Really Like Working for Big Oil  An anonymous worker reveals conditions at ground zero for Canada's controversial pipelines New Zealand's Intelligence will not be charged for illegally spying on Kim Dotcom because they didn't mean to break the law. Scientists claim they have discovered fossilized algae inside meteorite hinting at proof of alien life. Mini volcano pops up in Rome. Five years since Lehman's collapse the unthinkable has become reality; Our systems of governance have yet to properly address these previously unthinkable outcomes and their profound implications for current and future generations Iran's Revolutionary Guards chief said a U.S. military attack on Syria would lead to the imminent destruction of Israel and would prove a second Vietnam for America, according to an Iranian news agency. Armies of Kurdish women are taking on Syria's Islamists  and winning Woman in Pakistan sentenced to death for taking a sip of water In Rush to Strike Syria, U.S. Tried to Derail U.N. Probe Dismissed the U.N. investigation as coming too late to obtain valid evidence Panama North Korea arms shipment broke UN sanctions  Weapons on freighter seized after leaving Cuba were 'without a doubt' being traded in breach of embargo, ministry says Church must help the poorest, not dissect theology, Pope says In landmark ruling, Indonesia's indigenous people win right to millions of hectares of forest Archaeologists have discovered a lost civilisation deep in the jungles of Central America. EU to ban olive oil jugs from restaurants essentially forcing restraunt owners to ignore artisans and buy olive oil that is massed produced. Israel to return land taken by IDF to Palestinian owners. Bill Gates I always use this chart of childhood death. In 1960, 25% of kids died before the age of 5. And now were down below 6% of kids dying before the age of 5 North Korea fires shortrange missiles for two days in a row, ignoring calls for restraint from Western powers. Canadian Police and Government Caught Pirating Movies and TVShows Gay rights march attacked by crowd led by priests South Africa stunned by fatal circumcisions  More than 20 boys have died during comingofage rituals in the past week. The Church wins education reform  SPAIN  It is now mandatory to study Religion or it's alternative Social and Cultural Values and Ethical Values. Its grade weights in the average grade for university applications and the law shields subsidies that separate schools by sex. Western leaders study 'gamechanging' report on global drugs trade. Review by Organisation of American States on illicit drugs 'could mark beginning of the end' of prohibition S.Korea deploys Israeli missile on border with North NeoNazi Golden Dawn Party Threatens to 'Slaughter' Muslims 'Like Chickens' Denmark won the ESC 2013! China now spends $125 billion per year on riot gear and 'stability maintenance' Somaliland celebrates 22 years of independence, having maintained a stable, democratic government in northern Somalia with little international assistance Okinawa rally calls for removal of US bases Russia sends at least 12 warships to Syria Honeybees trained in Croatia will be used to find land mines in the Balkans India Murder suspect dies after police inject him with acid, kerosene Torture and Murder of Colombian Union Leader Sparks Scrutiny of Corporate Giant Nestle Luciano Romero's murder is now taking center stage in a legal battle to define corporate responsibility in conflict zones Heinrich Rohrer, nobel laureate and inventor of the Scanning Tunneling Microscope died on Thursday at the age of 80. The Pirate Bay's Peter Sunde On Running for European Parliament and Innovating Past Democracy A survivor of the recent factory building collapse in Bangladesh describes the day of the tragedy and the constant pressure to work faster under horrible conditions. Her story provides a glimpse at the difficult and impoverished lives of those who produce inexpensive clothing for the West. Why children are horrifically good soldiers  Theyre small enough to transport easily in large numbers, yet big enough to handle modern lightweight arms...They have no real sense of fear and, when indoctrinated young enough, their capacity for loyalty and for barbarism exceeds that of adults. An Albino gets elected to Tanzanias parliament. One of his goals?  Stop the gruesome trade in albino body parts that has emerged in recent years.   Pilots Association urges airline pilots to opt out of TSA naked body scanners Chinese Justice  Fuck China, Stop purchasing their tainted shitty products... Norwegian Nobel Committee hacked  China could you be more obvious? ExGerman leader Gerhard Schroeder says George Bush is lying in new book Iran fails to get seat in UN women's rights agency; but Saudi Arabia did. WTF? China jails tainted milk activist Zhao Lianhai 2 & 1/2 years for inciting social disorder Is there no end to the lies that George Bush will tell?  Sarkozy signs bill increasing pension age despite protests Former United Kingdom Intelligence Chief all but calls George W. Bush a Liar It takes a certain minimal intelligence for the truly dim to have a notion of their own dimness, but this is denied George Bush. He has the selfawareness of a bison Iraqs Christians urged to flee en masse after more attacks About 400,000 Christians left in Iraq, down from 800,000 before Bushs invasion A father who organized a support group for other parents whose children were sickened in one of China's worst food safety scandals was convicted and sentenced Wednesday to 2 1/2 years in prison for inciting social disorder The Arab myth of western women Oil curse reaches Uganda. Before the oil has even started flowing, it has already caused conflicts over land, speculative buying, and murder  Oil has monetised things such as land which used to be free, and because people are not used to that the whole social fabric is likely to change. Thousands of Yemeni tribesmen vowed to back the government's efforts in its battles against alQaida We will fight against alQaida group as it harmed the reputation of the country, Yemeni tribes and Muslims...We expressed our sorrow to all countries and people who were harmed by alQaida. Top 10 List of Most Corrupt Countries About Costa Rica, Nicaragua, their mutual border, and Google  |  Did Nicaragua really use Google Maps' cartography to justify seizing a bit of Costa Rica? Well, it's a bit more complicated than that, with plenty of history attached. Here's the full story. With lots of maps A fund dedicated to collecting reparations for Holocaust
survivors from the German government was defrauded of
more than $42 million over 16 years by a group that
included six employees and custodians of the fund.  Deadly redbacks invade New Zealand 'Our Export Success Shows How Competitive German Products Are'  In interviews, Germany leaders, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, are defending their country's trade surpluses and warning against currency wars. Her words are unlikely to find a warm welcome in Washington. Save UK carrier force by scrapping Tornado, call from Marine General Aristocracy still owns a third of Britain's land North Korea's nuclear chief arrested for 'passing secrets to a foreign power' Chinese Premier says I believe freedom of speech is indispensable for any country in interview; interview then censored by gov't in China China puts everyone who know Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo under house arrest. Still unclear who will receive the award on his behalf. Respected indigenous Colombian healer arrested at Houston Int'l Airport for possession of the traditional medicine Ayahuasca (with permission from the Colombian government). He's now facing 20 years in prison. A heterosexual couple will request a civil partnership  available only to samesex couples in the UK  to take a stand against system segregates couples according to their sexuality Norway declines funding for mosquebuilding projects from Saudi Arabia due to the lack of religious freedoms in the donor country. Russian assassin 'sent to kill double agent who betrayed Anna Chapman' Thousands Of Students Protest In London Against Tuition Fees And Smash Windows And Start Fires Israeli warplanes bombard Gaza Strip  Amid international efforts to return Israel and the Palestinian Authority (PA) to direct talks, Israeli warplanes have once again bombed Palestinian targets.  Princess Hijab is a graffiti artist who daubs hijabs and burkas on advertising posters in the Paris Metro. China Sentences Tainted Milk Powder Activist to Jail   2 Years For Speaking Out Against An 'Accident' That Killed 6 And Sickened 300K. Mother of five sentenced to death for blasphemy Gold prices break a new record, but in this digital age, isn't basing the global economy on hefty slabs of metal a bit like promoting horse and buggies as a solution to Beijings traffic? Not according to the World Bank. Demonstrator who threw extinguisher off roof 'should face attempted murder charge' El Ponchis, the gangland hitman who is terrorising Mexico.... at the age of 12 Australia's High Court upholds rights of asylum seekers processed offshore by government to avoid allowing appeals Pentagon says mystery plume was caused by plane Ireland's Fate Tied to Doomed Banks  . The story reads like one of those epic lyric tragedies of old, where no one ever learns from their mistakes, and errors compound endlessly China buys up the world | The Economist Anticorruption campaigners have called on Western governments to follow France's lead in allowing an investigation into the assets of three African leaders accused of looting their countries to fund lavish purchases in the rich world. Why cocaine is the drug of choice for British youth  Lines of Latitude  Lawyer issues verdict on JapanChina clash over disputed Diaoyu/Senkaku islands. Japan doubly wrong. Wrong in history to claim ownership of islands. Wrong in law to claim 200mile zone around them South Africa, Congo close to huge land deal  The deal  part of Congo's plan to improve food security by allowing South African farmers to lease land for up to 105 years to grow maize, soya beans as well as for poultry and dairy  will be one of the biggest land agreements on the continent. If sanctions dont work on Iran, what would Lindsey Graham do?  sink their navy, destroy their air force and deliver a decisive blow to the Revolutionary Guard. In other words, neuter that regime. US rebukes Israel on settlements  The secrets of evolution unearthed in Highlands, Scotland Cyber attack on Nobel peace prize website launched. Stay classy, China. Neglected ruins of Pompeii declared a 'disgrace to Italy'  Under international law, the former President's admission to having authorized
acts that amount to torture are enough to trigger the USA's obligations to
investigate his admissions and if substantiated, to prosecute him.
 Claudio Cordone, Amnesty International  The Danish Peoples Party wants pictures of bare breasts in an introduction film to scare away fundamentalists Assertive Chinese Held in Mental Wards  Topless feminists in Kiev, Ukraine protest against Iranian stoning sentence. Aung San Suu Kyi release Burma's military rulers are reportedly on the verge of releasing the country's prodemocracy leader from house arrest. European Commissioner Lambasts Copyright Middlemen How the mittelstand drive Germany's economy A surging German economy gives it little reason to cooperate with US at G20 summit Disney world in which Chinese children 'toil for 76 hours a week' Pakistan sentences Christian woman to death for blasphemy  Photos showing brutal massacre of Tamils by the Sri Lankan army have been obtained by Al Jazeera Canadian Universities Too Asian  White Canadian studentsas interviewed heresteer clear of universities with high Asian enrolment. Too much academic competition, not enough fun. Same situation in CA UC system.  Reasonable viewpoint, or thinlyveiled racism? BREAKING Burma generals sign Aung San Suu Kyi release order  Aung San Suu Kyi 'could be released later today'  'I Am Spartacus' Man Convicted For Tweet; Virtual Protest Erupts Chilean government supports Muslim school girl use of hijab In Haiti, residents of the capital's largest slum have been demonstrating over the cholera outbreak. The protesters say the government and the UN have failed to protect them and vent their anger at NGO's in the country.  A Chinese vase discovered during a routine clearout of a bungalow in northwest London has sold at auction for a record 43million! Costa Rica Gives Nicaragua Another 24 Hours (to remove it's troops) Haiti cholera outbreak prompts fresh UN aid plea ANCYL threatens to close down Twitter, South African internet users respond in the timehonoured traditions of the internet What kind of mentality is that? I can't believe that I need to listen to this in the year 2010 in a Europe that is supposed to be the centre of tolerance and human rights. Others learned these values from you and now you're turning your backs on these values. Croatia Considers VAT on Food and Medicine  In an effort to meet int'l debt obligations and bring the national budget closer to balance, the government of Jadranka Kosor is considering the introduction of VAT on items such as milk, bread and medicines. Since Time magazine instituted its Man of the Year issue in 1927, there have been many embarrassing moments. What is the history of this accolade and why have the editors of the magazine insisted so often on getting it wrong? Poll Wikileaks Assange leading Time 'Person of the Year'  Assange, an Australian who has become a thorn in the side of the Pentagon with his releases of secret US military documents about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, had received 21,736 votes as of Friday. A Jewish surgeon refuses to operate on a patient and walks out of the operating room after discovering a nazi tattoo on the patient's arm. World Battles Naked Body Scanners People from all walks of life are rejecting the mass implementation of radiation spewing airport body imaging machines and fighting back against the molestation and groping that women and children are being subjected to at the hands of TSA officials. The Shadow Scholar  Ghostwriter of college papers tells all. It's not implausible to write a 75page paper in two days. It's just miserable. I don't need much sleep, and when I get cranking, I can churn out four or five pages an hour Drug expert told police Iraq whistleblower David Kelly was 'murdered' Spanish priest arrested over '21,000 child porn images' New Zealand procannabis protesters bomb police station with cart full of burning marijuana. Activists demonstrate outside parliament in one of the happiest protests the political precinct had seen in a long time.  This man is facing trial in Venezuela just for showing a Tshirt that states I shit in your revolution (Spanish inside) Heart Attack McDonald's and PepsiCo to help write UK health policy  Thailand may dump the dollar 
Thai leader calls for country to use China's Yuan instead of US Dollar. Cambodia's first gay town  Make no mistake This is not a place to celebrate sexuality. This is a place for survival. Vietnam The Legacy of Agent Orange A mysterious blogger who set off an uproar in the Arab world by claiming he was God and hurling insults at the Prophet Muhammad is now behind bars  caught in a Facebook sting.  The case of the unlikely apostate, a shy barber from a West Bank town, is highlighting the limits of tolerance of the PA Christian woman sentenced to death in Pakistan 'for blasphemy' Teaching the love of death and war Cuba has condemned the release of a new video game in which United States special forces try to kill a young Fidel Castro. Staterun media said the game, Call of Duty Black Ops, attempted to legitimise murder and assassination in the name of entertainment. The new head of Britain's armed forces, Gen Sir David Richards, has warned that the West cannot defeat alQaeda and militant Islam. Myanmar activist Aung San Suu Kyi finally released Kosovo 'organ trafficking' exposed Why on Earth Would Americans Vote the Old BushCheney Agenda Back into Power? Europeans Are Perplexed  The dog that didn't bark | The curious silencing of Chinas prime minister and his views on political reform 'Fort Madness' Britain's Bizarre Sea Defense Against the Germans   China jails mild scandal activist who campaigned for compensation for victims Hey, Reddit, dont get spunbefore you celebrate, you might want to read this Why it isn't necessarily good news that Burma's most famous dissident may be released. In 2006, a priest was kidnapped, then found 
beheaded and dismembered; 15 churches have 
been bombed and many other priests killed. Iraqi 
refugees tell me that Christian women have 
suffered kidnap and rape Defying Trend, Canada Lures More Migrants Deadly terrorism existed before 9/11 We've been dealing with the same threats for decades. But we used to be a lot calmer about it, less selfdefeating  Under the guise of developing climateready crops, the worlds largest seed and agrochemical corporations are pressuring governments to allow what could become the broadest and most dangerous patent claims in intellectual property history. Singer James Blunt 'stopped World War 3'  refused order from US General to attack Russian troops Haiti cholera death toll passes 900 The world's best poundforpound fighter, the Philippine congressman Manny Pacquiao, wins his eighth world boxing title in eight weight divisions. It's never been done before and probably won't ever be again France has a new antihero bank robber Tony Musulin. French join up to fan club after security guard pulls audacious robbery without a shot fired Forget GDP These Are the Most Advanced Countries in the World  Norway is number one!  Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams to run for election in the Irish Republic  Israel, the world leader in water recycling, has developed a billion dollar industry of exporting its waste water reuse technologies and expertise Capitalism's tough reality for many Russians 'Churchill famously described Russia as a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma...' Experts argue that Ireland will need a bailout from other members of the eurozone Lauren Booth I'm now a Muslim. Why all the shock and horror?  BBC News  Muslim cleric Omar Bakri Muhammad arrested in Lebanon Netanyahu Agrees to Push for Freeze in Settlements 'Slaughter the Jews!!'  40 Angry Palestinians with knives try to beat up a single Israeli student at an Italian University
 Aung San Suu Kyi 'willing to meet Burma's generals' Hassan Nasrallah gave Lebanon Thursday one last chance to save the country, otherwise his party will cut off the hand of anyone who tries to arrest any of its members. What kind of superiority could make anyone that condescending?  General Sir David Richards Why we cannot defeat alQaeda  Somali pirates free British couple Is humanitarian aid bad for Africa?  Most of us believe that humanitarian aid is a morally pure way to respond to suffering in the world. But what if our good intentions are just a newer version of colonialism? The West can only contain not defeat militant groups such as alQaeda, the head of the UK's armed forces has said Memoirs Trigger New Row Over Iraq Bush Made Empty Promises to Schrder A more pragmatic take on Aung San Suu Kyi After Suu Kyis Release, Dangerous Time Sets In There is no rule of law in Burma,...[They're] not releasing her out of respect that she has an important role to play in Burmas political process and national reconciliation.  Bangladesh  More violence over Dhaka eviction Boris Johnson George W. Bush cant fight for freedom and authorise torture. If the Wests aim is to spread the rule of law, it cannot be achieved by vile means Taliban Commander  There are no alQa'ida fighters in Afghanistan any more. I have fought in the south and in the east as well as here. In seven years of operations I have not seen a single alQa'ida fighter. Not one. Settlers torch West Bank olive trees  Israeli settlers have torched hundreds of Palestinian olive trees in the occupied West Bank, in another sign that extremists are targeting a key product of the Palestinian economy. Maariyamma is likely to be killed by her children because they cannot afford her. She is just one of many old parents in a southern Indian state dying in this way. But no one blinks at these ritual murders. Ireland's young flee abroad as economic meltdown looms. A twoyearold girl suffering from leukemia died while waiting for an urgent referral to an Israeli hospital. Since January 2009 a total of 33 patients have died while waiting to access hospitals outside Gaza. Police in Egypt have been accused of beating a teenager to death and dumping his body in a canal. Hong Kong is officially the world's most wasteful city, generating at least 6.5m tonnes of rubbish last year.  Netanyahu presents security cabinet with Clinton's incentive of 20 F35 fighter planes and security guarantees in exchange for 90day West Bank building moratorium An Entire Village Flees Mexican Drug Violence   A Russian Banker And His 7Man Team Beat Up A Dutch Energy Executive Greece's Deficit Revised to Largest in EU as Debt Tops Italy's 'Unlawful sex' lovers sentenced to 100 lashes  A Filipina maid and her Bangladeshi lover will receive 100 lashes and be deported for having sex out of wedlock in Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates, a newspaper said on Monday. U.K. Politician Arrested for 'Glib' Twitter Threats Hard questions about the new American handouts with an Israeli settlement representative you will not see elsewhere The Internet's new billion New web users in countries like Brazil and China are changing the culture of the internet. Interpol hunts two Israelis for Kosovo organ trafficking UK Peer Israel feeds global terrorism  A longtime politician with the UK Liberal Democratic party says the Israeli regime is feeding global terrorism by mistreating Palestinians.  Mexico Arrests 12YearOld Cartel Hitman TSA Caves On Molesting Pilots Impending indictments in Hariri killing could shake Lebanon to its core At least 32 killed in building collapse in Indian capital Shanghai highrise on fire Letter From Iran  
Satellite TV channel coowned by Rupert Murdoch floods Iran with Colombian soap operas. Critics say tales of material aspiration and shots of wellbuilt women in halter tops undermine Islamic identity British wife of a millionaire businessman killed in South Africa While you're getting groped by the TSA, here's a reminder of how it's done in Israel High security, little bother Second squadron of 20 F35s is an offer hard to refuse say Israeli defense officials considering it will be free R. Congresswoman RosLehtinen opposes transfer of $150M in aid promised to Palestine; as long as the Palestinian leaders receive unconditional aid they have no reason to change their ways and be committed to peace. McDonald's, KFC, PepsiCo & Mars Invited to Write UK Policy on Diet & Health Death sentence for migrant worker  Reddit! I think we should give this news some priority. Preparing for 2016 Olympics, Brazil invades slums, which are so dense & dangerous it's like attacking a foreign country Guantnamo Bay detainees to be paid millions in compensation for alleged UK complicity in torture and extraordinary rendition. Haitians riot, blame UN troops for cholera Protesters hurl rocks, set fire to police station Mexican paper reports drug war, despite threats My eyes are sweating Hero dog who survived the Afghan war is mistakenly put down at an animal shelter. Haiti rioters attack UN troops  AntiUN riots spread to several Haitian cities as protesters blaming foreign peacekeepers for a deadly outbreak of cholera exchanged gunfire with soldiers. More and more Irish people are leaving the stricken country Mexico's $80M boom industry Bulletproof cars The toll in the collapse of a fivestory residential building in the India capital, New Delhi, climbed to 55 killed and at least 70 injured How I Became An Oligarch  
Speech from Russia's thirdrichest man. Life story, reflections on business environment, what it takes to get ahead. Of all the types of human activity, entrepreneurship is in some sense the closest to war The difference between life and death in Haiti is now an ordinary bar of soap. Pakistan vs. Haiti  Which Received More Aid? (Raw Image) Extradition of 'arms dealer' Viktor Bout goes ahead BungaBunga Nation Berlusconi's Italy Hurts Women  Sultan of the Muslim World | Modern Turkey born as Muslim state. Secular nationalism guided foreign policy for decades. But no more. AKP has exploited post 9/11 geopolitics to restore Muslim identity, bid for leadership of Muslim world While the US government is entertaining mind boggling deficits, a crises plagued economy and printing money like a tinpot dictatorship. It is more than happy to fund others colonisation enterprises. UK government settles out of court with 16 Guantanamo detainees who were held by US forces Google says China is breaking net laws 
Company says China violates WTO rules by limiting net access. UK London Metropolitan Police force closes down antipolice blog on the authority of a single police officer. Ireland isn't working Celtic Tiger becomes sick man of Europe Major spy scandal as Norway, Denmark, Finland, Sweden and Iceland catch the U.S. watching their citizens Freedom Of Speech 1  Police 0. British police try to take down website that advises student protestors on how to avoid arrest. More than 70 websites respond by publishing this same advice Evangelical Christians in Brazil have banned the use of USB connections after claiming the technology is the mark of Satanworshippers. UK Government comes out against net neutrality the market should decide the extent to which service providers can charge for preferential content delivery and slow down other traffic BBC picks up the TSA touching my junk story Ireland ANGRY protesters gathered at the home of disgraced former banker to demand he be thrown in jail Tigers Near Extinction The total number worldwide is fewer than 3,500. Three subspecies  Javan, Bali, and Caspian tigers  vanished during the 20th century. A fourth, the South China tiger, has not been seen in the wild for more than 25 years and is assumed to be extinct Canada's Senate kills climate change bill
 Madagascar military officers claim they have taken the island in a coup Europe's corruption capital How corruption in Greece prolongs its recession, which is pushing a continent to the brink Australia wants to censor all images of smoking on the web.Good luck with that. How China swallowed 15% of 'Net traffic for 18 minutes China's 'Me Generation' Sends Divorce Rate Soaring   Muslims set fire to at least 10 houses belonging to Coptic Christians in a southern Egypt village over rumors that a Christian resident had an affair with a Muslim girl, security officials said. Darfur, Zimbabwe, Burma, North Korea, anywhere that the concept of human rights doesn't exist, it's always the Chinese at backstop. And always for reasons that you could write down in three words blood for oil. Extensive Hitchens interview The suffering of Iraq's Christians  Some call us agents of the West, a Chaldean patriarch said. But when the American bombs fall, they are not especially aimed at Muslims or Christians. Theyre for everybody. Kim JongUn purging senior party and military officials in North Korea Sudan registers to vote to split country Thousands line up to be able to vote on a referendum that could divide Sudan in half Get ready to kiss goodbye to net neutrality in the UK Israeli retreat on Lebanon border may split village Organs and bones were illegally harvested from the bodies of dead nuclear industry workers at Sellafield World's newest nation would start almost from scratch. Doesn't even have a Treasury. Paychecks are handed out in paper bags full of cash. And that's the good news. Prime Minister of Madagascar vows to squash rebellion I don't know what mosquito bit them, but they have broken ranks and committed an error. Yemen's New Escort Service  Starved for revenue and riddled with corruption, the Yemeni navy and coast guard have adopted a novel fundraising strategy guns for hire. Rogue Trader Jerome Kerviel, sentenced to five years in jail for losing almost 5 billion euros of his employer's money  
'I Was Merely a Small Cog in the Machine' Remand request issued for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange  The Local Almost all borrowers in one of Indias largest states have stopped repaying their loans, egged on by politicians who accuse the industry of earning outsize profits on the backs of the poor 13 dead, as strange disease spreads in Uganda We were suspecting viral hemorrhagic infection, but results from Uganda Virus Research Institute have ruled out Ebola, Marburg and Lassa.  Here we go again. Bomb in Luggage found in Nambia on the way to Germany. Lets see what new security bullshit gets create this time. Dutch government wants to ban tourists from buying cannabis in coffee shops, where hash is on sale legally Labour MP Tom Watson has tabled a motion on net neutrality, succinctly explaining some complicated issues Julian Assange challenges Swedish arrest ruling  Chinese woman sentenced to a year in labour camp over tweet Here is a link to the blog by Anna Arden, who is accusing Julian Assange of rape. It is blocked online and I don't know how these guys got it, but Sweden needs to pay attention to the sanity of it's citizens before wrecking Assange's life. What's the newest propaganda for occupying Afghanistan? A rerun of the Iraq refrain There'll be eyewatering violence if we leave. Why 300 million more people are suddenly poor Suu Kyi, UN Secretary General Ban call for release of Myanmar Political Prisoners Drug Cartel Violence Erupts in Mexico's Border Towns | CNN International Arrest order for Wikileaks' Julian Assange issued in Sweden China sentences woman to labor camp for Twitter post French Embassy in Tehran Attacked By Iranian Regime Security Personnel Pentagon says 2014 Afghan deadline aspirational
 India's microcredit industry may be near to collapse  Is China drunk on its new greatpower status, or is its assertiveness abroad a symptom of weakness at home? South Africas largest circulation weekly newspaper, the Sunday Times, this month reached a milestone It is the first national paper to publish an edition in Zulu. Hong Kong diagnoses first bird flu case in seven years Chinas Censors Misfire in AbuseofPower Case   grievance focuses on what Chinese mockingly call the guan er dai and fu er dai  the second generation, children of privileged government officials and the superrich. Economic crash to drive 100,000 out of Ireland Unemployed English Girl to Wed Soldier from Welfare Family  Japan is ageing faster than any country in history, with vast consequences for its economy and society. Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, advises George W. Bush not to bring his book tour to Britain, because he might never see Texas again. At the end of the Haj, Saudi King Abdullah calls for moderation, saying, The perpetrators of terror represent none but themselves even though they appear in the guise of Islam, which is, in fact, far away from them.
      
    
	 Arab News Remember the Reddit story about Costa Rica becoming the happiest country since it abolished its military?  Now Nicaraguan troops are camped on its territory, facing no opposition. For the first time in more than 70 years, the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony may be postponed, amid intensive efforts by the Chinese government to disrupt the event.  Worm Was Perfect for Sabotaging Centrifuges  Experts dissecting the computer worm suspected of being aimed at Irans nuclear program have determined that it was precisely calibrated in a way that could send nuclear centrifuges wildly out of control. Julian Assange hits back at Sweden over rape arrest warrant  WikiLeaks editor says Swedish authorities behaviour is not a prosecution, but a persecution.' Johann Hari The religious excuse for barbarity  Halal and kosher butchery made sense in the sixth century when you needed to be sure your meat was fresh, No excuse for it in modern times. Just plain cruel. If this is religion, it doesn't deserve respect. 'Miners missing' after NZ explosion As many as 30 workers are reportedly missing after an explosion Ortegas Land Grab  
Nicaragua has invaded Costa Rican territory. How will the U.S. respond? 27 New Zealand miners missing after explosion French farmer fined for 'deworming' ducks with cannabis Cannabinoids Reduce MultiDrug Resisant Infections Experts call for ban on HGVs in Britain's cities to protect cyclists Wikileaks founder wanted by Interpol to answer rape charges Few Afghans know reason for war, new study shows Escalation in Gaza For first time since July, and after assassination of two senior Army of Islam members, Palestinians fire Grad rocket into Israel. A Hunger Strike Divides Switzerland Russias Cyrillic Cybernauts  
No need for a Chinesestyle great firewall to contain Russia's internet. Kremlin can just pick up the phone, and talk to Mail.ru, which went public this month, and which controls 70% of Russian pageviews Why Desperate Haitians Want to Kick Out UN Troops The crisis follows decades of economic exploitation and gifts with chains attached  no wonder its citizens are angry British government reports all spending over 25,000. As a group of international experts arrived in Dublin on Thursday, the Irish government finally seemed to admit that it was unable to cope with its massive banking crisis alone. Modern Warfare  Computer worm was designed to send Irans nuclear centrifuges wildly out of control 12 acres of West Bank land burned  by peace activists Scientists Capture Antimatter Atoms in Particle Breakthrough! Abdelrahman was arrested on October 30 by the security services in Khartoum. Noone knows where he is being held. As a consequence of operating as an independent journalist, he has been accused of crimes against the state  an extremely serious offence in Sudan.  New Zealand citizen stripped of phone, tablet, laptop and hard drive at New Zealand customs after returning from a talk in London about Edward Snowden's released documents. Saudi Arabia's Grand Mufti, the highest religious authority in the country, has condemned suicide bombings as grave crimes, reiterating his stance in unusually strong language. Refers to the attacks as a sin, with attackers condemned to hell. In 13 countries around the world, all of them Muslim, people who openly espouse atheism or reject the official state religion of Islam face execution under the law Taxpayers to pay for fracking pollution if companies go bust Legal marijuana in Uruguay violates international law, says UN agency Cooling system fails on orbiting International Space Station Pussy Riot to be freed under amnesty bill Eve Online players use ingame money to generate $190,890 for typhoon Haiyan relief during unique charity drive by CCP Games! Census shows Christians no longer a majority in New Zealand Census 2013 figures released this week show four out of ten New Zealanders now declare themselves nonreligious  a rise of 26% and a total of 1.6 million people Chinese dont see United States as an enemy, study finds, but they distrust its government India Government's chief spokesman accuses Supreme Court of dragging the country back to the 19th century by reinstating gay sex ban, calls for swift reversal of the ruling. The High Court of Australia has overturned samesex marriage laws passed in the Australian Capital Territory causing the recent marriage of 27 couples to be annulled. The staff of Canadian legislators are being forced to sign life time gag orders in order to move jobs or get raises. Vladimir Putin claims Russia is moral compass of the world Major Mandela security breach Nobody seems to know who the fake sign language interpreter standing next to Obama was MI5 chief Andrew Parker will not face MPs on Snowden claims | Home secretary rejects calls for spy boss to justify claim that Guardian put national security at risk in publishing NSA files Tepco lost the layout drawing of pipes and drains in Fukushima plant / Office entirely contaminated US foundation buys Hopi masks for $530k at controversial Paris sale and returns them to tribes Suspect in 200 murders captured. The Pirate Bay moves operations to remote Ascension Island. New Zealander has all electronic devices seized by customs at Auckland Airport following his attendance at a talk in London about Edward Snowden's leaked documents. Nearly $1 trillion was smuggled out of developing countries in 2011  Quartz Catalonia intends to vote independence from Spain on the 9th of November 2014 Swedish newspaper Expressen invades and reveals personal details of private people who have the wrong views. Even confronting them on TV at home. One of the two cooling pumps has failed on the International Space Station