 Ecuador to Let Julian Assange Stay in Its Embassy. Ecuador says Britain threatened to raid embassy to extract Julian Assange Gunmen Have Attacked And Entered A Pakistani Air Force Base Thought To House Nuclear Weapons At least 18 killed as South African police open fire on 3,000 striking miners (PHOTOS) Julian Assange UK issues 'threat' to arrest Wikileaks founder Wikileaks founder Julian Assange faces arrest even if Ecuador grants asylum Kim Dotcom's extradition uncertain.  FBI now has to prove it actually has a case. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange granted asylum by Ecuador Israel 'ready' for short Iran war Ecuador says it received 'threats' from UK as Assange decision looms Today we have received from the United Kingdom an explicit threat in writing that they could assault our embassy in London if Ecuador does not hand over Julian Assange, Mr. Patio said at a news conference in Quito, adding defiantly, We are not a British colony. TrapWire tied to White House, Scotland Yard, M15 and others, claims hacked Stratfor email Over a dozen African athletes missing in London Germany Gives Up on Greece. Suggests Bankruptcy Is Only Option. Ecuador grants asylum to WikiLeaks' Assange Massive Sacrifice of Ancient Warrior Army Discovered at Danish Alken Enge Bog  It's believed a dramatic, societychanging event caused the mass sacrifice of a large army at the site.  Who they were, where they're from, & why they were sacrificed is a mystery. Only 2% of Canadians deny climate change, suggests poll Britain, in order to apprehend WikiLeaks' Julian Assange, threatens to revoke the Ecuadoran embassy's diplomatic status Australia upholds tobacco branding ban High Court ruling will force tobacco companies to sell cigarettes in plain packaging. Families of Irans slain nuclear scientists have filed a lawsuit against Israel, the United States and Britain accusing them of involvement in the assassination of their loved ones Harry Harrison, creator of Deathworld, Stainless 
Steel Rat and many other scifi books, dies at 87 Ecuador grants asylum to Assange and condemns condemns Britain's 'threatening and intimidating' language Syrian conflict spills into Lebanon U.K. cops hunting for Assange show up at Ecuador's embassy Libor scandal Seven banks summoned in US probe Charlotte Church stands alone as hacking victims settle. Singer's refusal to accept pretrial deal means Murdoch empire still faces damaging court case
 It's a bloodletting in Syria. Civilians are facing tanks. There's every indication the dictatorship is moving to crush, once and for all, the elevenmonthold rebellion against the 40year dictatorship of the Assad family. Israel teams with terror group to kill Iran's nuclear scientists Indian POliticians get caught watching porn during meeting ...was not looking at porn but watching video of a women being raped by several men... Mexico makes historic 15 ton  methamphetamine seizure Vatican official Sexual abuse silence deadly for Church The Knights Templar, a violent, pseudoreligious cartel from the neighboring state of Michoacan unfurled banners in a Mexican city that Pope Benedict was scheduled to visit, telling rival traffickers to keep out. North Koreas supersized hotel is set to open  23 years behind schedule. It's taller than the Chrysler building, wider than a city block, and made entirely of concrete.  Afghanistan's Opium Child Brides  As the heroin trade suffers, more Afghan poppy farmers feel they have no choice but to marry off their daughters, sometimes to unsavory and faraway men, to pay their debts. 'We are seriously dying here. It is really war' Residents of Homs say the Syrian army is carrying out a ferocious bombardment against helpless civilians High demand for sea turtles in China sends poachers toward Philippines Iraq executes scores of prisoners in first 40 days of 2012 Falkland Islands newspaper the Penguin News causes uproar after calling the Argentinian President a bitch Women labourers give opium to infants to keep them quiet while working in Indian state Rajasthan
 Russia's young people are growing up with more freedom than ever. Twenty years after the end of communism, the first postSoviet generation is transforming the country  whether the once and future president likes it or not. Anarchy in Aceh Criminalizing punk rock under Islamic law Syrian forces renew bombardment in Homs
 Greek Austerity Moves Leave Nation's Economic Safety Net In Tatters British businesses could be forced to appoint fixed quotas of women to their boards of directors under radical plans being considered by the UK Government. Vagabond King  

Profile of Valentine Strasser, made president of Sierra Leone at 25 by military coup in 1992; forced out after four years; tried to study in Britain; returned, lives with his mother, drinks gin by the roadside, reminisces Germany Expels Four Syrian Diplomats Russian city of St. Petersburg bans spreading of homosexual propaganda Thousands of Maldivians condemn 'coup'  Supporters rally in Male to demand Mohamed Nasheed's return to power, a day after he was forced to quit as president. Germany is investing heavily in renewables and it's one of the few economies thriving in Europe Targeting teachers image 'Dirty war' against Colombia's unions   Few bright spots in the world's most dangerous place for labor organizers.

 For the first year in its history, India has no reported cases of polio. Nicaraguas push to generate 94 percent of its own electricity from renewable resources  by 2016 without damaging the environment  has united the country. An undercover police officer chased himself round the streets for 20 minutes after a CCTV operator mistook him for suspect. Monsanto, the creator of chemical weapon Agent Orange, returns to Vietnam  this time to sell GM crops and weedkilling chemicals in Vietnam; many outraged

 UK denies Alan Turing postumous pardon for homosexuality Saudi Arabia Promises To Go Nuclear if Iran Does A poll of Arab public opinion by the University of Maryland and Zogby International, which included Egypt, asked respondents to name two countries that are the biggest threat to you 88% named the United States, and 77% named Israel; only 9% chose Iran Massive 40Foot Shark Pulled From the Arabian Sea  estimates put it at around 40 feet (about the size of school bus), while largest confirmed whale shark on record was over 41 feet and weighed more than 47,000 pounds.  Gadhafi regime missiles missing  Iran's parliament summons Ahmadinejad  President to be questioned over a range of accusations, a first since the country's revolution in 1979. Nokia to End Phone Assembly in Europe  It'll end the assembly of cellphones in Europe by yearend as it shifts production to Asia in its latest attempt to cushion its finances A Top Cop in China Disappears. Medical leave or asylum?  
China's rumor mill is ablaze over the whereabouts of Wang Lijun, who 'went on vacationstyle treatment.' What happens next could be a blow to a top Communist Party contender.  Over 2/3 of Irans lawmakers endorse cutting off oil sales to the European Union before EU sanctions on their country go into effect Europe may be brutally cold right now, but in Freisland (Netherlands) they wait with bated breath in the hopes that conditions will be right for the Elfstedentocht, a traditional 200km, 11city ice skating race, for the first time in 15 years. 
Time to Act on Companies Selling Mass Spy Gear to 
Authoritarian Regimes  Senior scientologist charged with perverting justice  Anonymous Hacks Syrian President Bashar Assad's Emails A380 fleet to be checked for wing cracks The entire fleet of A380 superjumbos is to be checked for cracks on their wings after orders from the European safety regulator.
 Argentina to raise Falklands UK 'militarisation' at UN Theif turns in stolen mobile phone containing suspected child porn, ends up going to jail. TEPCO injecting more water into Fukushima nuclear power plant reactor because temperature at base of pressure vessel has risen. Syrian troops have continued shelling the city of Homs for the fifth straight day, killing scores of people. Maldives Muslim hardliners smashes Buddhist statues in national museum
 Spanish police rescue Ryanairs Michael OLeary from angry mob Maldives president quits after 'coup d'etat'   Security forces threatened bloodbath if Mohamed Nasheed remained in power, his party says. b'Lebanon No food, no water, no sleep, no toilet, until we signed a confession. They used electrical torture, water torture and they tied our hands behind our backs and lifted us.' b'N.Y. millionaire gets 11 years prison for enslaving workers' b'Italy It has been proposed that all gypsies be fingerprinted. Berlusconis government has targeted them and their camps have been raided by police and attacked and burnt by vigilante mobs. ' b' North Korea blows up nuclear reactor tower' An Indian man who rescued an abandoned bear cub to help his daughter overcome her mother's death has been jailed for it. The bear, put in a zoo, refuses to eat.  b'Echoes of Great Depression as Dow takes another dive. OPEC says that oil could hit $170 a barrel over the summer. ' b'Nearly 7,500 people have died in official custody in India over the past five years, according to a report by a human rights group. Nearly all the deaths, it says, were the result of torture.' The Fruit Police Strike Again  Market trader's kiwi fruits are 1/25th inch too small and must be destroyed. b'Sarkozy tightens his grip on France declaring he will appoint the head of French state TV. He already has TV baron friends who lean on, censor or even sack journalists who displease him.' b'Tsvangirai rejects 'sham' ballot  Zimbabwe election an exercise in mass intimidation. ' b'Citizenship law makes Israel an apatheid state' b'MPS say no to genital mutilation, 18 is minimum marriage age, juveniles cannot be punished as adults' b'Taliban slit throats of U.S. spies in Pakistan' b'The Queen and the Royal Family have cost the UK taxpayers 40m (~$80m) during the last financial year  up 2m on the previous 12 months.' b'10 of the Most Important Economic Events of the Last 10 Years Collapsing the Economy in the Buildup to World War III' Undersea Trafficking Colombia's Cocaine Cartels Learn a New Trick b'Revolution From Prisoner to the Worlds Moral Authority  Nelson Mandela' b'One of Mr. Tsvangirais most senior aides, Tendai Biti, was freed Thursday on bail of a trillion Zimbabwean dollars, or about $90.' b'London Mayor Boris Johnson drops London United Against Racism tagline from Europe's biggest antiracism festival. The man is an idiot.' EU forces market trader to pulp thousands of kiwi fruit because they're ONE MILLIMETRE too small b'Air India pilots hit snooze button, overfly destination ' b'MI5 revealing areas at mercy of collapsing dams is a terror threat' b'Rogers Canada releases the worst plans ever created for the iphone' b'Oil tops $140 a barrel' Zimbabweans refuse to vote and spoil ballot papers, despite Robert Mugabe's violent threats. b'A Saudi law firm claiming to represent 94,000 descendants of the prophet Mohammed sues Danish newspapers. Now a new group countersues on behalf of all the nonMuslims whom Mohammed defamed and insulted in the Koran, demanding offending passages be changed or removed.' Murdoch's newspaper The Sun has been found to be discarding political poll results it has commissioned if they don't say what it wants b'Rupert Murdoch's son James storms Independent newsroom, furious about declaration Rupert Murdoch wont decide this election  you will' 'Sun' censored poll that showed support for Lib Dems  b'Belgium to ban Islamic veils in public, making it the first European country to ban the wearing of the burqa or niqab' b'Five Israelis, including a retired army general, charged with organ trafficking' Boobquake  Purdue student using the combined force of cleavage from across the world to test Iranian cleric's claim that immodesty causes earthquakes. Spread the word! b'Britain is a country with a large liberalleft majority.' Airline pilot cleared of role in 9/11 after 'nine years of hell'  Lotfi Raissi eligible for up to 2m compensation after wrongful imprisonment and damage to health b'Chinese premier publicly commemorate Tiananmen Square hero for the first time since 1989, subtly encourages political reform' b'In yet another snub to Obama, Netanyahu There will be no building freeze in Jerusalem' b'Netanyahu Commits to Colonizing East Jerusalem; First Palestinian Expelled under new Policy' b'France also bans Female Muslim tourists from wearing their veils in public' b'Obesity in Australia We'll soon be fat as Americans, health experts warn as obesity overtakes smoking as the biggest killer of Aussies.' b'Your only hope for rescue is the destruction of the Jews before they destroy you! Hitler said in a 1942 message, one of thousands broadcast across the Middle East in an attempt to woo the Arab world. ' b'The saviour of Sarajevo barred from public office for being a Jew' b'Car Bomb Explodes Outside Northern Ireland Police Station' 'Ninja slug' among rainforest finds b'German bishop accused of beating children decades ago when he was a priest has resigned' b'Stranded US citizens get a real taste of Irish hospitality' b'Soaring unemployment, pay freezes for millions, but... Billions more for bankers' b'Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard South Park creators should voice protest.' b'Internet spoofs unspoofable Conservative poster' b'The prison population in England and Wales has reached a record high, exceeding 85,000 for the first time.' b'Dozens of gunmen blockade the street, raid two hotels, and abduct six people after searching most of the fifth floor at 300 AM in Monterrey, Mexico' b'1 canadian dollar &gt; 1 US dollar' b'UK Election Todays front pages. Are these newspapers or attack ads?' South Korea's military believes a torpedo fired from a North Korean submarine sank its navy ship last month, based on intelligence gathered jointly with the United States, a news report said on Thursday. b'Top Gear Takes Blame for Volcano Eruption in Iceland ' b'Belgian law banning burqua calls for fine or jail.  First such law in Europe set to take effect.' Rupert's Son James Murdoch Storms Into Rival Newspaper's Newsroom shouting 'What Are You F*@!ing Playing At?' b'Despite what the media tells you, crime in Britain is at a thirty year low' b'Southern Sudan brews beer Out of reach of the Islamic Khartoum government, beer is made and drunk.' b'With women hidden out of sight in Afghan society, rich and powerful men turned their attention to boys aged 11 and up, dressing them in feminine clothes, adorning them with bells and trinkets and training them as twirling, dancing dolls.' South Korean ship sunk by crack squad of 'human torpedoes'  b'Afghan Massacre Survivor To Obama You Be The Judge (VIDEO)' b'Ryanair announces it will refuses to obey EU passenger rights laws and will not cover hotel and meal expenses for stranded passengers  lawbreakers need to be punished  complain to the European Commission ' b'Movie theaters and bars were forced to close for 24 hours, video games disappeared from the Internet and televised movies and soap operas were abruptly replaced by an emotional news loop produced by the countrys central broadcaster.' b'Dozens injured in Bangkok blasts' Iceland volcano why we were lucky we weren't wiped out b'Jerusalem must be shared by both Israelis and Palestinians, an Israeli activist group says, in response to the recent Washington Post ads.' IDF walks into a Palestinian village and starts shooting at people. They claim Palestinians were throwing rocks at the 'soldiers'. Turns out the IDF was fibbing, well either that or Palestinians can throw rocks 100 meters far with perfect accuracy. b'Rockets hit Jordan from Egypt.  Two small missiles were launched from the Sinai, allegedly aimed at Israel.' What's the worst company in the USA? Cash4Gold, Bank of America, Ticketmaster, and Comcast round out the top four b'Apparently, a guy who shot a video of gunfire at the  polish plane crash site was murdered a few days  ago.' CNN and Ha'artez each have an article quoting a poll about what American Jews think of how Obama is handling Israel and the Middle East.  They completely contradict one another ... Google 'not interested' in privacy, say information tsars b'The Corrupt Reign of Emperor Silvio  Another terrific piece from Stille, on Berlusconi's sex scandals. He has transformed the political life of a major nation into a reality TV show in which he is star, producer, and network owner' b'Taiwan Touch Panel Sceen Workers Struggle For Basic Rights' b'The hotel assault was reportedly mounted by up to 50 gunmen who seized cars to block streets, slowing the police. ' b'Explicit mention of religion is seen as unBritish, a bit American and a turnoff to the electorate.' b'Yesterday, Israel delivered demolition warrants to Palestinians in Halhul village in the West Bank, informing that their homes and water reservoir will be destroyed.' Argentina's former military President has been sentenced to 25 years for human rights abuses Guilty of involvement in 56 cases of murder, torture and kidnappings b'Experts Warn of Impending Phosphorus Crisis' b'France to put forward a bill to ban the wearing of Islamic veils in public places' 'South Park' creators warned Poking fun at Muhammed could invite deadly Muslim ragen b'Filmed deep underground on the border between Gaza and Egypt, the mobile phone footage obtained by the BBC is conclusive proof of what has been rumored in Gaza since last year  the tunnelling operation is now so advanced that entire brand new cars are now being smuggled into Gaza.' b'UK Generals Britain should be prepared to scrap its nuclear deterrent' b'Iran Facts vs. Iran Hype' b'Brazil priest *DETAINED* after pedophilia accusation' b'Brazil, US, UK lead number of requests to Google for user data and censorship' Top Russian judge Eduard Chuvashov 'assassinated in revenge attack' after sentencing gangs of racist murderers, and while investigating corrupt FSB men  b'Hitachi claims they didn't know that the 25% shareholder of Hitachi South Africa is a front company for the ruling party (which awarded a $5bn tender to Hitachi South Africa).' b'Two North Korean assassins arrested in South Korea' b'Those naughty Germans' b'Draft of Secretive International Copyright Treaty Leaked  Confirms Fears About Internet Freedom' b'Global bank tax urged by IMF' North Korea 'plotted to kill high profile defector' . Two North Koreans, said to have been posing as defectors themselves, have been arrested on suspicion of being on a mission to kill Hwang Jangyop. Airlines  led by Ryanair (oh surprise)  say they'll defy European regulations on covering 'passenger care' costs b'Australians (in 1919) edit film of Gallipoli showing Irish and New Zealand soldiers fighting so that it looks like Australian soldiers instead ' German troops in Afghanistan call on Angela Merkel to explain why they're at war  'They want the Chancellor, their ultimate boss, to finally find the clear words to put the war against the Taliban into black and white,' Bild Zeitung, Germanys biggest daily paper, said today. b'Afghan Snipers Using Old Rifles Issued by CIA' b'Is the Aral Sea coming back from the dead?' 'Truth Is Often The First Casualty Of War'  Germany's defense minister is set to testify about his knowledge of a deadly attack in Afghanistan that resulted in civilian deaths. German commentators say the inquiry into whether politicians lied is essential. b'The World Bank releases all its collected statistics for free' b'Burials in Tibet. NOT FOR SENSITIVE SOULS! [pics]' Now we know the truth. The financial meltdown wasn't a mistake  it was a con b'Google now publicly displaying government requests to remove data from their sites.' b'Iraqi secret prison revealed, a torture and holding cell for minority Sunni leadership.' b'Goldman Sachs A great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money' Sherpa team plans to clean Everest's death zone  b'China just pricked its housing bubble. Firsthome buyers must pay no less than 30 percent of the the property price if the area is above 90 square meters. 2ndhome has to pay 50% down payment.' Goldman Sach's wasn't the only company behind the con. b'Dozens protest over Egyptian MP's statement No need to use water cannons to disperse demonstrators; they must open fire at them with live bullets.' b'Iraq Secret torture jail? Hey look over there, we just killed two senior al Qaida leaders!' Secret prison revealed in Baghdad, held hundreds of Sunni men at the facility. The U.S. fears that the news will stoke instability. (Q Didn't the US support Saddam Hussein when he was doing the same thing?) b'Secret prison revealed in Baghdad' b'Zimbabwe's Mugabe bashes gays again Those that engage in such acts are insane. We cannot tolerate this, otherwise the dead will rise against us.' b'I hate my country!!!' b'UK going after Goldman Sachs too. The Financial Services Authority (FSA) is starting a formal enforcement investigation into Goldman Sachs in relation to recent fraud allegations.' b'How an Icelandic volcano helped spark the French Revolution' b' IMF proposes two big new bank taxes to fund bailouts' b'No deal with Cameron after the election, say Lib Dem voters. ' b'The volcano eruption in Iceland has strengthened and a new ash cloud is spreading south and east towards the UK' b'AlQaeda Chief In Iraq Captured, Killed, Never Actually Existed, ReCaptured, Now Killed Again' b'UK airports set to reopen' b'Catholic Church in Latin America finally uncovers its pedophile priests' b'Costa Rican election result hides complex reality' b'Water aerobics class halted by croc in pool' Promiscuous women are responsible for earthquakes.  It's a price worth paying. b'Flight traffic in Europe' b'The party is over in Iran' b'Chinese Tycoon Donates a Billion Dollars to Charity ' b'Israeli man jailed for 10 years for tricking women into sexual acts by claiming his semen was holy and had healing powers.' b'90,000 protest U.S. base in Japan nOkinawans demand 2006 agreement with U.S. for Marine base be scrapped.' Dozens of World War I photographs, including some from Australia's Gallipoli campaign, have been saved by a quickthinking removalist in Canada. b'Eyjafjallajokull volcano, images from Iceland over the past few days...' Senate investigation finds Goldman Sachs 'profited at clients' expense'  b'Smoke bombs were set off in the chamber. Glue was poured into voting machines. The legislative leader directed the session behind umbrellas held by his aides, to protect him from projectiles.' b'A Muslim Frenchman at the center of a firestorm over polygamy says keeping mistresses is the French way of life. ' b'The Battle of Umbrellas and Eggs took place in the Ukraine parliament today.' b'   Russia and Norway ends 40year Arctic dispute  ' b'Vatican to fund adult stem cell research in America. Donating several million dollars to University of Maryland school of medicine' b'Police State Canada 2010 and the G20 Summit | In June, downtown Toronto will essentially be on lockdown with rights and liberties severely restricted.' Part of the reason the Greeks are in trouble is because they can't print money like the United States. Skeptics of the World, Unite!  nWe're awash in conspiracy theories  and that's not a good thing. A plea for a genuine culture of skepticism. b'Democratic Iraq? Nope. Iraqi Court Bans 52 Candidates.' b'Russia and Norway solve 40yearlong maritime border dispute.' b'Russian Marketing Missiles & Launchers In ReadyToUse Shipping Containers' b'Indian Man Dies From Radiation Incident.' b'Afghan protesters torched NATO supply vehicles in eastern Afghanistan on Sunday, hours after allegations emerged that U.S. and Afghan troops had killed three civilians, including two brothers, in their home.' b'Bioartificial trachea made in Iran  Iranian doctors have carried out an in situ transplant of bioartificial trachea in humans for the first time in the world' b'Child pornography is great, the speaker at the podium declared enthusiastically. It is great because politicians understand child pornography.' b'Muhammad cartoon controversy protest in London in 2006more provocateurs?' The Mystery of Poland's Presidential Plane Crash Deepens b'European push to ban burqas appalls Afghan women. What is the difference between forcing women to wear a burqa and forcing them not to? It is discrimination.' b'China To Force Sterilize 10,000 To Curb Births' b'Church scandals next wave Abused girls' b'A cruise missile in a shipping container  on sale for 10m' b'From North Korea understatement of the year' Iran has struck a secret deal with Zimbabwe's Mugabe regime to mine its untapped uranium reserves for its nuclear programme b'Toyota says its global sales have surged by more than a quarter despite the carmaker having to recall millions of vehicles worldwide because of safety concerns.' b'Who knew? The polish president had a backup twin who is now running for the presidency.' b'Slum clearance, South Africastyle' b'China opens missile plant in Iran  Unlike Russia, China has been very successful in offering Iran technology and capabilities that are actually wanted, as opposed to those that might be 'nice to have.'' b'Haiti Wants Food Aid to Stop' b'UK authorities breached obligations to protect citizens by not acting on details they had about the 7/7 bombers before the attacks, a court has heard.' b'Mexico Jurez nears 5,000 killings' b'Japan says it is not interested in cutting its whaling program in the Antarctic in return for being allowed to resume commercial whaling in coastal waters.' b'Honduran Slain in Hospital by Killer Disguised as Nurse' b'Officials East Jerusalem construction in de facto freeze ' Hunted for body parts, Tanzania's albinos get help from B.C. man  Canadian businessman puts up $1million to shut lucrative trade with African witch doctors b'Afghan protesters torched 16 NATO convoy trucks carrying fuel for Western troops' b'The Palestinian Centre for Human Rights has accused Hamas of acting illegally when it halted the salients firstever rap concert during the weekend. ' b'Thousands protest in Ukraine over deal with Russia' b'How is that democracy we delivered you working out?' b'Israel is cracking down on the Palestinian Authoritys financial support of nonviolent public protest against the occupation in the West Bank.' b'Family wins human rights case over a school which reprimanded their son for not eating like a Canadian.' b'China We will not go along with US Sanctions' b'Chernobyl Radiation Killed Nearly One Million People New Book' b'The Radical Muslim Group That Threatened South Park Creators Was Founded and Run by Joseph Cohen, a Former Israeli Radical Who Used to Live in a Settlement in the West Bank ' b'Israelis shoot Maltese photographer as she films Gaza demonstration' b'The rootless world of the superrich.' Defense geeks Free PDF of RAND's exhaustive 270 page study of 89 insurgencies and how they ended! b'Lebanese to stage march for secularism' b'China to build dam on Brahmaputra River  a river of extreme importance for agriculture, transportation and industry for millions in India and Bangladesh ' b'South Koreas sunken warship n nIf North Korea did deliberately destroy a South Korean warship, what next?' b'Young Arab women are undergoing hymenoplasty surgery to hide any sign of sexual activity before marriage which, if found out, they risk being ostracised or even murdered ' For nations living the good life, the party's over, IMF says b'Japanese island set for mass rally against US bases' b'PAKISTAN A young Hindu girl is detained and forcibly converted by a Madrassa; police refuse to act' b'Afghanistan drug addiction growing' b'Breaking News  Danish sex education to actually educate Danes about sex!' If they were crooks, wouldn't they be richer? nMillions of poor Indians are considered criminal by tradition. Most are nothing of the sort b'Never Seen Footage of the Mumbai Terrorist Attacks' b'Egyptian foreign minister calls Israel Enemy in Lebanon. Says Egypt will stand by Lebanon and Syria if they are attacked.' b'Afghan schoolgirls poisoned by Taliban?' b'Demonstrators gather at rally in Okinawa, Japan, to protest against a US military air base on the island' b'Lebanese march in Beirut to demand secularism' UK's leading actors urge voters to protect licence fee and keep BBC safe  Afghan spy chief 'I told MI5 that prisoners were being tortured' b'New York UN press corps revolts' b'Hamas security forces break up Gaza Strip`s first major hiphop concert.' b'Tony Blair, Very Close to being Indicted for War Crimes in Malaysian' The Chinese laboratories where scientists are already at work on the new 'meow meow'. b'After Comedy Central cut a portion of a South Park episode following a death threat from a radical Muslim group, Seattle cartoonist Molly Norris wanted to counter the fear. She has declared May 20th Everybody Draw Mohammed Day.' b'Consumer waste from the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is turning a Hawaiian beach into plastic.nThey found more plastic particles than sand, as they dug a hole on what has been described as the world's dirtiest beach.' b' Internal Goldman Sachs emails released on Capitol Hill Saturday show firm used bets on mortgage securities in a bid to profit as the housing market began to plummet several years ago.nDocuments show that Goldman executives knew their bets would profit the firm.' b'UK foreign secretary You've punished us enough  about Iraq. Go fuck yourself Milliband. ' b'Reddit, today is the 95th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide.' Ocean debris turning Hawaiian beach 'in to plastic' b'LongHated OneChild Rule May Be Eased in China  New Problem? Not Enough Children.' b'North Korea seizes Southowned resort' Superrich 'become richer again'   Three's A Crowd  nHistorian evokes parallels from 1920s, offers shrewd advice to Nick Clegg LibDems should refuse alliance with new Labour, present themselves as heirs to libertarian strain in old Labourn b'Mexico 7 Mexican Police Officers Killed in Ciudad Juarez' b'Haitians are quitting their jobs and leaving their homes to join tent cities where everything is free. The Haitian government says the aid is ruining the economy and wants it stopped.' b'Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu Rejects U.S. Plea To Stop Illegal Settlements' b'Deadly New Fungus Emerging in Oregon Expected to Spread ' b'N.Korea Announces Seizure of S.Korean Properties' b'How geography and old empires shape todays Europe' b'The bishop of the Belgian city of Bruges, Roger Vangheluwe, has resigned after admitting sexual abuse of a boy earlier in his career.' b'Chinese Military Seeks to Extend Its Naval Power' In Nigeria's conservative Islamic north, women are barred from ruling, except in the kingdom of Kumbwada. Here, an ancient curse keeps males off the throne, according to locals. Male pretenders who dare to try will be buried within a week.  b'Only in Saudi Arabia, could assault, abuse, and defamation be called examples of bloopers. God Bless the Kingdom. ' b'The man who filmed a video that appeared to depict gunshots being fired in the immediate aftermath of the Polish plane crash has apparently been stabbed to death in what many are claiming was a deliberate assassination to silence the individual from making public whatever it was he saw.' Venezuela requests banker's extradition from US b'German Soldiers in Afghanistan Wear Protest on Their Sleeve' b'Greece Welcomes Its New IMF Overlords With Day Of Rioting And National Strikes' b'South Korea raises bow of sunken warship (must be a giant crane!)' Zimbabwe's President Mugabe stripped of knighthood b'Bush asks congress to lift key North Korea sanctions and remove it from the U.S. terrorism blacklist.' b'US wars have bred a generation of angry young men fuelling alQu'eda, according to new report' b'US removes its nuclear arms from Britain' Nelson Mandela ends silence, blasts Zimbabwe's Mugabe b'Whole Iraqi family of six wiped out by a US air strike.' b'Muslim countries have won a battle to prevent Islam from being criticised during debates by the UN Human Rights Council' b'The government plans to test 25% of the adult population for paedophilia Yet another cynical, New Labour ploy to pretend they are dealing with a problem, when they are not' b'Blackwater affiliate company urges use of Sharia law in American court' b'The U.S.led war on drugs in Southern Afghanistan is undermining the war on terror. It's absolutely conclusive, McDonald said. In a shocking turn of events, the war on plants is failing.' The Vatican today angrily rejected the accusation that a former official was behind the kidnap and murder of a 15yearold girl who was killed and 'thrown into cement mixer' b'Military facing $100B in equipment repairs' b'StateSponsored Terror British and American Black Ops in Iraq. Shining Light on the Black World' b'Russian Cheerleaders (or maybe hookers on a basketball court) [pictures]' b'Bloody Day in Iraq Bombs kills 40 and this suggest that Al Qaeda is not a spent force' b'Tiny Luxembourg community produces 90% of its own energy [video]' b'Mexican Soldiers in tac gear, armed with assault rifles, were hired by drug cartels to perform assassinations in US and admit they were prepared to kill Phoenix police, but ran out of ammo' b'After 32 Victory for Germany Turks and Germans Party SidebySide' Women can't stand onenight stands b'Exxon WINS...a lesson to American Oil Consumers...our demand causes this!' Mandela condemns Mugabe 'failure' b'Law enforcement flexes its Websnooping muscle as a quartet of teen rapists is brought to justice.' b'North Korea Hands Over Accounting of Nuclear Work. U.S. to Takes Them Off Terror List' b'Mexican Government Forced Men to Have Vasectomies ' b'From Canada Court ruling said that four Canadian officials appear to have violated international humanrights laws regarding the treatment of detainees at Guantanamo Bay ' b'China has lost a 2000 Olympics bronze medal because the gymnast was proven to have been underage.' b'Women flock to Senegal for sex' When Palestinians violently react to Israels criminal behavior they're murdered by Israel, when they peacefully react they're murdered by Israel but with much less coverage b'To people bitching about CNN, it sucks, so just stop watching it and checking their site.' b'  Can You Disappear In Surveillance Britain?nnBriton shocked by government datagathering, angered by ubiquitous closedcircuit television, tries to disappear for a month, pays detectives to track him down. Publicity stunt, but revealingn' b'Israeli Soldier Sprays Pepper Spray Directly Into The Eyes Of Handcuffed Palestinean Youth (PIC) ' b'Taliban leader has been killed seven times by US' b'Many observers assign a large part of the blame for the 2008 financial crisis to the big three credit rating agencies, which gave their AAA seal of approval to worthless investments. Now those same agencies are helping to bring the euro zone to its knees  and no one is trying to stop them' b'The precepts of any one religion  any belief system  cannot, by force of their religious origins, sound any louder in the general law than the precepts of any other. If they did, those out in the cold would be less than citizens... UK Law keeps religion at bay  hooray!' b'Newest Israeli Tourism Map wipes away West Bank. ' b'Spain downgraded, Europe debt crisis widens' b'Drone pilots could be tried for war crimes.' b'Israeli soldiers Wednesday opened fire on a group on nonviolent protesters in Gaza killing a 20year old Palestinian.' b'The socalled Vatican City, a political nonentity covering about 0.17 square miles of Rome, was created by Benito Mussolini in 1929 as part of his sweetheart deal between fascism and the papacy.  ... Its bogus claim to statehood is now being used to give asylum to men like Cardinal Law.' b'Gaza tunnel deaths 4 die in smuggling tunnel after toxic gas pumped in, then dynamite used to blow it up.' Bishop Priests think child abuse 'doesn't break celibacy' Report Afghan violence up 90% | nDefense officials see 'encouraging trends' even with 240% spike in IED's. Flocking eastern European here. Just sayin'  Wrong reaction to Brown. b'Burka banned in Belgium..' b'Top secret space plane has Americas enemies scared. Is it a space bomber? Thats what the Iranians are asking  and they have every reason to be spooked' b'Australian Prime Minister launches double attack on smokers' b'Australia Bans Logos, Branding From Cigarette Packs' ID cards required to use public internet  UAE gov't b'Space balloon wipes out car [Video]' b'Harsh realities in Mexico' b'Not Even in South Park? ' b'WTF CNN? Compare CNN to *real* world news with this new mashup.' b'Israel transferring people from West Bank to Gaza, splitting families and disregarding international law' Amateur model known as 'Katya' revealed as Russian honeytrap bait b'Russias President Dmitry Medvedev,has ordered Soviet files concerning the massacre of some 22,000 Polish officers, intellectuals and priests in the Katyn woods to be opened.' b'Routine torture, including electric shocks and sexual abuse, was inflicted on detainees held in a secret prison in Baghdad' b'German tabloids campaign for Greece to leave the euro' Israel has given itself the right to forcefully move Palestinians out of the West Bank who don't have a permit. 'Permit' is not defined at all, it can be anything the person in charge wants it to be. This is setting precedent to force thousands of Palestinians to move to Gaza b'Prime Minister Gordon Brown has been caught on microphone describing a voter he had just spoken to in Rochdale as a bigoted woman.' b'It would impossible to reveal secret MI5 files about the 7/7 London terror attacks, a court has been told.' b'Okinawans say the U.S. military has been responsible  for a number of blights in Okinawa, from serious  crimes like rape and drunken driving, to  environmental and noise pollution.' Rating Agencies Strike Again  First they were off about how good U.S. mortgage securities were. Now they're causing havoc in the EU by downgrading the bond ratings of several countries. Ireland's bombed head shops spark debate over Irish drug policy.  b'Shell profits surge by 49%....always great to hear big oil doing so well' b'Greece infection spreads as stricken nations debt is rated junk' b'EU on the edge of the abyss  If the Greek crisis is not addressed, Portugal will come under intense pressure, contagion might then spread to Ireland, Italy or Spain, the other euroarea countries with some mixture of big budget deficits, poor growth prospects and high debts.  ' b'Greece might need up to 120 Billion Euros, according to German parliamentarians.' b'Israeli Law Enforcement Cracks Down on Alleged Political Corruption  Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert could be sent to prison if he is convicted in a highprofile corruption trial' b'Suntanned women to be arrested under Islamic dress code ' b'Freedom of the press in Turkey further under  attack Journalist faces prison threat for reporting  on judiciary crisis in Turkey' Lawmakers in Ukraine scuffled with each other, throwing punches and eggs, as parliament met Tuesday to ratify a treaty with Russia that extends the latter's navy presence in the Ukraine's Crimean peninsula until 2042. b'The Argentinian Supreme Court overturned pardons of a dictatorshipera president and economy minister, paving the way for them to be tried for kidnapping and extortion.' b'Kim Jong Ils new plan may be to attack and occupy Seoul' b'Greece bans shortselling as panic spreads, Shares tumble across Britain, Europe and Asia after the cost of insuring Greek debt against default hits a 14year high ' b'A US Coast Guard official says if leaks from an oil well in the Gulf of Mexico are not stemmed soon, they could cause one of the worst spills in US history.' Geist The Canadian government is characterizing its Bill C56 as an anticounterfeiting bill, yet this week NDP MP Charmaine Borg framed it more accurately as ACTA through the backdoor. Queen Elizabeth to Sign Commonwealth Charter Promoting Gay Rights And Gender Equality North Korea Forces Await 'Final Strike Order' from Kim Jongun North Koreas missile arsenal, its potential reach and payloads | Graphics | News Northwestern University journalism student spends 10 days in jail in Qatar for reporting on a fire. Qatar police accuse him of being a Syrian spy and make him sign papers without reading them, and Northwestern refuses to help him. 
Spanish sperm whale death linked to UK supermarket supplier's plastic the whale had swallowed 17kg of plastic waste dumped into the sea by farmers tending greenhouses supplying produce for British supermarkets When China's environment ministry told attorney Dong Zhengwei he couldn't have access to twoyear old data about soil pollution because it was a state secret, it added to mounting public outrage over the worsening environment The Countries Where Women Have the Best Lives, in Charts  a look at the regions where women are healthiest, happiest, make most, and are most likely to hold positions of power Dubbed The Punisher, Alexei Volkov takes a zerotolerance approach to being cut off while driving his bus on Russia's roads. Sweden will not amend 'wife import' rules  Equality Minister Maria Arnholm wants Sweden to keep the right to deport women whose relationships with Swedish spouses end within two years of their arrival in Sweden. North Korea issues new threats to US and 'puppets' South Korea; Kim JongUn visits frontline Is North Korea a credible threat? Their army is a Cold War relic.  Why is North Korea so aggressive lately? Simple nukes mean negotiating power. Thousands have been killed and millions made homeless in Syria's civil war, but it has also caused irreparable damage to some of the world's most precious historical sites. The treasures now being destroyed matter to everyone on the planet, argues historian Dan Snow. Israelis Flock To Berlin For Better Life Young immigrants find the German capital to be hip and cheap  and still contains traces of its Jewish past. IranNorth Korea Pact Draws Concern China won't forsake N.Korea Mystery surrounds discovery of more than 900 dead pigs found floating in Chinese river. According to the city's water supplies bureau the dead pigs were spotted in a section used as a drinking water source for Shanghai residents
 German pilot in WWII spared an American B17 pilot over Germany only to reunite 40 years later and become fishing buddies Falklands votes in sovereignty referendum rejected by Argentina  Residents of the Falkland Islands vote on Sunday in a sovereignty referendum aimed at countering Argentina's increasingly assertive claim over the Britishruled territory. Newly crowned Miss Russia attacks Pussy Riot sentence, says their punishment is too harsh. Proposals to Slaughter Up to 750,000 Deer in Britain Would Threaten 1000s of Jobs, Say Furious Gamekeepers  
Highland estates & rural communities would be devastated by loss of income from stalking if proposal is acted on.  They warn estates will close & communities die. Calls for Military Coup as Crisis Worsens in Egypt Christian neighborhood in Lahore, Pakistan attacked over alleged blasphemy  Over 150 houses and at least two churches were set on fire in the Christian neighborhood of Joseph Colony. Recently appointed Mexican state tourism minister shot dead near city of Guadalajara South Korean Military Now Preparing for Unexpected North Korean Move North Korea invalidates 60 year armistice and cuts off direct phone lines to South Korea. Nearly 3,000 dead pigs found in river supplying Shanghai's drinking water Asia's turning tide against shark fin soup. Chinas Communist Party vowed to phase out shark fin soup from official functions. Taiwan, the fourthlargest shark fin market, outlawed fishermen from sawing off shark fins and dumping the carcass overboard. The same rule applies to boatmen in EU waters. Rice prices skyrocket in North Korea S. Korea, U.S. kick off annual war game amid tension
 The Reserve Bank of Australia has been hacked by the Chinese Former 10 y.o. Yemeni child bride Nujood Ali is now 15. She stopped going to school and fled daily beatings by her father, who is stealing all proceeds from her book. I made it possible for my father to buy new wives. Kim Jongun's Slush Funds Found In China, public anger is growing over secrecy on environment
 Call for Cannabis to Relieve Pain in New South Wales  

It should be approved for medicinal use to help people suffering chronic pain, advocates tell parliamentary committee, which is looking into 
 feasibility & safety of using it as a medicine, legal implications & how to get it to   patients. N. Korea reiterates will to invalidate armistice pact Northern Irish women risk jail by admitting use of abortion drugs Saudi Arabia may stop beheading due to swordsmen shortages POLICE have issued a warning about a bad batch of LSD imprinted with an image of pop icon Psy doing a 'Gangnam Style' dance.
 N. Korea threatens allout war ahead of S. KoreaU.S. military drill Sweden Princess Lilian dies aged 97. Bundestag votes that acess to clean water isn't a human right  opens road to clean water resources privatisation in EU (and beyond?) US, Japan, EU Announce New Pressure on North Korea UN Investigation into Human Rights Abuses to Lead to International Criminal Court Case Nazis would be elected today, over 50% of Austrians believe. After centuries of public beheadings, the kingdom of Saudi Arabia is considering firing squads as an alternative means of execution because of the scarcity of swordsmen and their unavailability in a number of regions Polish plant 'using rotten meat' A Polish meat plant exporting to EU countries has been closed after inspectors discovered it was adding old meat to products
 A Push to Investigate North Korea's Human Rights Abuses Outrage as lion that killed woman as she made love to boyfriend is shot Delhi gangrape case Prime suspect Ram Singh commits suicide N. Korea ready to fight a real war with the U.S, its media report.  EU bans sale of all animaltested cosmetics [BBC] Japan says it has successfully extracted natural gas from frozen methane hydrate off its central coast, in a world first. Ukrainian military has apparently lost three of its trained dolphins in the Black Sea. these dolphins have been trained to attack enemy combat swimmers using special knives or pistols fixed to their heads. Falklands vote in favour of staying British 98.8% vote yes with 92% turnout EU votes to reject 'porn ban' proposals Chopsticks Killing Trees, Chinese Lawmaker Says  Legislator, a forestry firm head, urges China to save trees by reducing 80bn pairs of chopsticks  a yr.    We urge people to carry their own tableware.  Rising  wood demand, at least 1/10  illegal, means fate of world's forests in China's hands. US sends clear warning to North Korea after Pyongyang declares armistice void Despite war threats, North Korean border units hit by growing AWOLs BBC News  Falklands referendum Islanders vote to remain British [Korea Times] Frontier NK soldiers deserting in large numbers  The Vatican, Iran, and Russia are blocking progress in the UN's Commission on the Status of Women. As cardinals gather to elect Pope, Catholic officials break into a sweat over news that 23m investment includes gay sauna  An Ugly Truth in the War on Drugs human rights abuses in the war on drugs are widespread and systematic Iran's Ahmadinejad commits grave sin, behaves in a way inappropriate for the president of an Islamic state. His crime? Consoling Hugo Chvez's mother at Chvez's funeral.  5 Shark Species Win Protection Against Fin Trade in Historic Turnaround  Millions of sharks killed each yr  for sharkfin soup  now have greater protection after world's biggest wildlife summit votes to crack down.  Some nations now see  sharks more valuable alive, as a source of tourism.   N.K. leader visits frontline units near western sea border, tells troops to throw all enemies into a cauldron, break their waists and cut their windpipes.  Paranoid Dictator's CommunistEra Bunkers Now a National Nuisance  In Albania, 750,000 Communistera bunkers populate the landscape, relics of the paranoia & skewed priorities of former dictator Enver Hoxha.  The peculiar bunkerization resulted in 1 bunker for every 4 citizens. Researchers in China are randomly disabling mouse genes one at a time, in order to identify the function of each gene. By essentially throwing darts at a genetic dartboard to see what happens, the researchers have filled 45,000 mouse cages with mutant mice. Second Korean War Is Unavoidable (xpost from r/Pyongyang) New Zealand Condemns Argo UN Says Korean War Armistice Still in Force Soviet soldier missing since 1980 found in Afghanistan UN asks North Korea's Kim Jongun to tone down war talk as he rallies troop Sex Abuse CoverUp Claims Disturb Conclave A plain clothes policeman watches Francesco Zanardi. As he waits for his moment just outside the Vatican in St Peter's Square, Zanardi's intention is clear. So is the policeman's.  Irish college students had 36 hrs to get as far as they could in the world, without spending any money. Some reached Argentina, Australia and Malaysia. New Zealand gay marriage bill passes North Korean Desertion Skyrocketing, Number of NK Military AWOL Shoots Up Eightfold Assassination attempt of Kim Jung Un could explain recent threats North Korea seems to have taken initial steps to deploy mobile longrange missiles U.S. Intelligence Chief China to abolish hated labour camps Pirate Bay Founders Case Rejected by Human Rights Court The European Court of Human Rights has rejected an application to hear the cases of Peter Sunde and Fredrik Neij, two of the cofounders of The Pirate Bay An Estonian man returned a library book 69 years late, and said a World War II aerial bombing that damaged the library was partly to blame for the late return. The book was checked out on March 7, 1944, while Estonia was occupied by Nazi Germany. Dutch scientists are creating the first in vitro beef from bovine stem cells. The synthetic meat could feed the world and save the environment. In the ultimate story of payback, British boxer Curtis Woodhouse tracks down a twitter troll and shows up at his doorstep Chris Hadfield takes over as space station commander Almost quarter of Russians believe gay people should be forced to undergo psychological treatment and 5% think they should be liquidated, according to new survey Analysis of a rock sample collected by NASA's Curiosity rover shows ancient Mars could have supported living microbe Inflated Salaries Merkel Joins German Battle Against Executive Pay  Both the EU & Switzerland have drawn a line in the sand when it comes to excessive compensation packages. Now, Berlin is to cap salaries. For Merkel, this is a Uturn, but with growing public discontent, she had little choice. Why North Korea loves to threaten World War III (but probably wont follow through) Every nation's most popular porn site search term revealed Americans favour a 'MILF', Australians like gay men and Syrians like their aunt Craig Venter says he is close to creating artificial life N. Korea's military again threatens merciless retaliation for S. Korea, U.S. A United Nations report has suggested that a Palestinian infant who died in the fighting in Gaza last November may have been killed by an errant Palestinian rocket rather than by an Israeli airstrike as was widely believed at the time.  Egyptian Christian tortured to death by Police in Libya WHO confirms 15th case of new corona virus. Half the victims have died India's prime minister has said there will be consequences unless Italy returns two marines charged with the murder of two fishermen in Kerala Saudi Arabia executes seven men despite UN appeal for clemency  N. Korea sharply increases flights of fighter jets China pulls nearly 6,000 dead pigs from Shanghai river, says water still safe to drink Bill Gates capitalism means male baldness research gets more funding than malaria India is now covering water canals with solar panels, this way they are preventing water loss through evaporation and saving space while creating energy. North Korea guides artillery exercises against South Korean Island. Vatican Elects New Pope At least 28% of South African schoolgirls are HIV positive compared with 4% of boys because sugar daddies exploit them, the health minister says.  Rare Asian coin found in Kenya proves trading between Asians and Africans occurred well before Europeans 75 percent of Chinese say air pollution a big problem in China; 81 percent agreed with statement that today the rich just get richer while the poor get poorer. BBC News  Germany bans three 'antidemocratic' Islamist groups LHC confirms Higgs boson identification photos of children from around the world with their most prized possessions Pope Francis I aided the Argentine Military Dictatorship that disappeared many thousands 47 temples, 700 Hindu houses torched across Bangladesh France could join the small club of countries that require net neutrality The French government has put forward a new plan that could enshrine net neutrality in national law. They would become the fourth country in the world with a law for net neutrality. Pope Francis I rejects luxuries and the special car for him I'll just go with the guys on the bus French court rejects sick man's plea for medicinal cannabis, fines him 300 for possession Keystone XL Pipeline Not Good for Canada  
Opposition Leader Thomas Mulcair criticizes Canada's Conservative govt, saying  pipeline exacts heavy environmental cost.  Pumping tar sands oil to America would cost 40,000 Canadian jobs & keep energy prices high in Canada, he says.  RPTPentagon WeaponsMaker Finds Method For Cheap, Clean Water * Filter could sharply cut energy needed to remove salt from water * Officials say firm has patented process, looking for partners * Cheaper seawater purification could help ease water security fears Amsterdam prostitute twins retire at 70 after 50 years and 355,000 men Hosni Mubarak's police chief 'gave shoot to kill order', with the former president's full knowledge. Police, including rooftop snipers, were responsible for nearly all of the deaths of the 850 protesters killed during Egypt's 2011 uprising, a government inquiry has concluded. North Korean domains are becoming inaccessible from a specific IP range. Supreme Court of India 'restrains' Italian Ambassador from leaving India The Russian President Vladimir Putin has called for the revival of a Sovietera physical evaluation programme that required all schoolchildren to pass fitness test Monarch Butterflies Drop Ominously in Mexico Swarming locusts descend on Israel  Sudan official says if doctors refuse to amputate, judges can train to do it to carry out sentences VW shares $1.1b in profits with workers 'Profit sharing is hard earned and deserved; it is the equitable participation of employees in the success North Korea fires short range missiles in the Sea of Japan Bellicose North Korea forces China to shift stance on old friend.  Chinese newspapers have been calling North Korea an ungrateful and unreliable liability. Zimbabwean police are interrogating young children (aged 46) at school about whether their parents have radios. The police are confiscating wind up radios in night time raids. A Dutch lesbian couple and their nineyearold Turkish foster child have gone into hiding because of the row in Turkey about Muslim children being cared for by gay or Christian couples. More HIV 'cured' 14 Adults North Korea Kim Jongun targeted in assassination attempt, South Korean intelligence says Drunken thug who battered girlfriend in the street making her face 'explode like an airbag' walks away with community service despite the fact he was on PROBATION A husband must have guardianship over his wife, not an equal partnership with her, Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood declared. Daughters should not have the same inheritance rights as sons. Nor should the law cancel the need for a husbands consent in matters like travel, work or use of contraception Windfarm sickness spreads by word of mouth, Australian study finds /r/Worldnews users, I would like your opinion on some of our existing rules/policies. North Korea 'prepares to strike' Kim Jongun supervises live artillery drill as inflammatory threats continue Pakistan architect shot for starting a project that would construct a sewage system for the poor in the worst slums of Pakistan. More than half of Britons believe Tony Blair was wrong to invade Iraq, while 22% says he should be tried as a war criminal Americans hacked us, says North Korea  regime's servers reportedly went down as rhetoric continues over UN sanctions and South conducts war games with US Three indigenous communities from the Chilean highlands have just received solar panels, which will be set up and maintained by unlikely solar engineers five native women who traveled around the world to India and overcame language and other barriers to bring photovoltaic energy to their villages. Bergoglio twice invoked his right under Argentine law to refuse to appear in open court in trials involving torture, murder and the theft of babies during Argentina's dirty war. Male Teacher in Taiwan Arrested after Intentionally Infecting 50 Men with HIV Egypt's Islamists warn giving women some rights could destroy society Beeharming pesticides escapes ban European commission proposal to suspend the use of neonicotinoids fails to gain backing of UK and Germany Google Readers demise is awful for Iranians, who use it to avoid government censorship N.Korea Under Massive Cyber Attack; all websites with North Koreabased servers were affected Muslim Brotherhood Statement Denouncing UN Women Declaration for Violating Sharia Principles Pope Francis' runin with Benedict XVI over the Prophet Mohammed  Man 'pays 4,500 to bring African slave girl to France' North Korea warns residents of southern islands to evacuate immediately, threatening to attack them. Video Chinese police detain British reporter, unaware hes broadcasting live throughout Man steals $33 million from Australian casino in Oceans 11like heist North Korea officially denounces the reptile media for jabbering I want to meet the person who translates North Koreas state propaganda into English, because that man or woman is an artist. Britons too afraid of offending to challenge radical Islam, says former Obama adviser Seven unidentified men gangrape Swiss woman in India Pope Francis wants 'poor Church for the poor' Cypriots stunned by 10% savings cuts forced by EU bailout deal  Islanders fume as they queue to withdraw cash Pacific island bigger than Manhattan vanishes Bloggers in Russia are exposing the luxury lifestyles and scandals of lawmakers loyal to Vladimir Putin 'Paedophilia not criminal condition' says Durban cardinal The photos Saudi Arabia doesn't want seen  and proof Islam's most holy relics are being demolished in Mecca. Archaeologists fear billionpound development has led to destruction of key historical sites
 Britain helps prevent ban on pesticides linked to bee decline  Swiss tourist gangraped in India Dutch NGO nominates Uruguay's President for the Nobel Peace Prize, citing his work towards the decriminalization of marijuana and his fight against drugtrafficking.  BBC News  Shock in Cyprus as savers wake up to bailout levy Swiss woman gangraped in India, in front of tiedup husband North Korea's Internet returns after 36hour outage (xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews) The Man Who Coined 'The God Particle' Explains It Was A Joke! BBC News  North Korea tells South to leave islands The Destruction of a Nation Syrias War Revealed in Satellite Imagery Eurozone and IMF agree 10 billion euros Cyprus bailout deal Nearly 35% of Android Apps Are Secretly Stealing Private Data, Says Chinas Latest DCCI Report Donald Trump today  to boost the economy, we should take Iraq's oil and pay ourselves back for the war. What Americans Keep Ignoring About Finland's School Success Greek footballer Giorgos Katidis banned for life from national team for celebrating goal with Nazi salute Pope Francis 'I would like to see a church that is poor and is for the poor' North Korea Threatens Japan with Attack China is spending $250 billion per year on Education Titanic violin, the instrument played by bandmaster as the ship sank, has been found. One of France's bestknown criminal lawyers, Olivier Metzner, has been found dead World poverty is shrinking rapidly, new index reveals U.N. development chief slams War on Drugs Helen Clark, a former health minister, says criminalizing drugs has created more problems than it has solved Hundreds of dinosaur egg fossils found. Russian fundamentalists sue U.S., want Alaska back Ancient Chinese coin found on Kenyan island by Field Museum expedition Two Australian MPs slam Israel's treatment of Palestinians; Labor MP compares former occupation of Lebanon with Nazi Germany. Muslim Brotherhood decries UN Commission on Women for gutting family values by promoting ideas like Sharing of roles within the family between men and women, Granting equal rights to homosexuals and Cancelling the need for a husbands consent in matters like travel, work [official statement] Kuwait approves 'racist' segregation of medical care  Healthcare N. Korea threatens to target S. Korean Prime Minister after border island visit, saying he will be the first target to be mowed down. 5 arrested in India in connection with rape of Swiss tourist BBC News  Pakistan's Ashraf government makes history Pakistan's PM has hailed as a victory for democracy the completion of a full term by an elected government for the first time in the country's history Canadians are major customers in Cubas child sex market Canada is lax when it comes to stopping its sex offenders from going to Cuba and preying on underage prostitutes.
 Suspected Sudanese war criminal 'who shot so many people he lost count' lives unsupervised and on benefits in Britain (xpost from /r/Darfur) Pakistan Government Steps Down N Korea warns world of nuclear war breakout   British police are investigating an estimated 600 new allegations of phone hacking at Rupert Murdoch's now defunct News of the World newspaper Israel PM Netanyahu signs coalition deal For the first time in a decade, the governing coalition will not contain any UltraOrthodox groups Syria conflict General 'defects to rebels' Activist, who works with disabled children, 'shocked' at conviction for yelling at Prime Minister David Cameron American defense contractor Lockheed Martin says it has found a way to slash the amount of energy needed to remove salt from seawater, which has the potential to eliminate the world's shortage of fresh water in the future Hans Blix Iraq War was a terrible mistake and violation of U.N. charter North Korea's Prison Camps Are Absolutely Horrifying
 Wanted People willing to die on Mars Surge in renewable energy as solar panel prices plummet Japan seizes nuclearrelated materials from North Korea cargo Seven Komodo dragons born in Indonesia zoo Taiwan to aim missiles at China  Forbes on the Cyprus bailout  they have opted for a solution that amounts to probably the single most inexplicably irresponsible decision in banking supervision in the advanced world since the 1930s. MI6 and CIA were told before invasion that Iraq had no active WMD BBC's Panorama reveals fresh evidence that agencies dismissed intelligence from Iraqi foreign minister and spy chief What Happens When Half The World Stops Making Babies The Reuters Journalist Who Played with Anonymous and Got Burned Paul Krugman Cyprus Bailout Will Push Europeans To Stage A Run On Their Banks  67yr old woman raped, Farmer husband killed for cellphones (South Africa) Iraq war 10 years on 'There is phenomenal violence against women. I hear of rape cases in prison. Police officers are doing it' A 56yearold Indiaborn football fan was beaten up badly by seven men and punched in the face and head more than 18 times on a packed tram in UK, as 200 onlookers did nothing to save him from the racist attackers.  UAE opens worlds largest solar power plant Cyprus bailout 'people are panicking, they're afraid of losing their money'  Cypriots tell of shock finding government had seized up to 10% of savings  despite promise deposits would be safe Bullied South Korean Teen Commits Suicide Administration to install highresolution, closedcircuit cameras at schools across the country and crack down on school gangs Iran charges 18 over nuclear scientist killings. Tehran accuses Mossad, the CIA and MI6 of being behind the assassinations
 Saudi Arabia's farcical justice system condemned seven young men to death this week, and the world remained silent. Quebec manhunt on for fugitives who fled prison in helicopter Two Quebec inmates climbed up a rope into a hovering helicopter to make a daylight escape on Sunday from a jail northwest of Montreal, the authorities said. Scientists find an unexpectedly large and active community of singlecell organisms at Earth's deepest spot  China US risks antagonizing North Korea British tourist jumped from hotel balcony in India and injured severely to escape from rape Two lynchings in Egypt as villagers take the law into their own hands. Egyptians civilians are increasingly killing suspected rapists and kidnappers in response to lack of security.  
Kim Dotcom Still Causing Headaches For Spy Agency Documents show that in Dec 2011 when the spying began, police already had information which stated that Dotcom was a NZ resident 'which rendered the surveillance illegal.' Indian Parliment passes new antirape laws new provisions allow for the death penalty, and minimum sentence for gang rape, rape of a minor, rape by a person in authority will be doubled to 20 years and can be extended. EU Illegal downloads are NOT so harmful to the music industry [PDF Alert] 'Suffocating in the streets' Chemical weapons attack reported in Syria New recorded conversation between President Johnson and adviser reveal that Nixon sabotaged a Vietnam peace treaty in order to win the 1968 election To crack down on secret suburban cannabis farms, marijuanascented scratchnsniff cards are being sent to hundreds of British homes. Tensions rise as US B52 bomber flies over Korean peninsula U.S. confirms Syrian aircraft fired rockets into Lebanon BBC News  Syrian rebels 'use chemical weapon' U.S. joins Australia and New Zealand in backing Antarctic marine sanctuary amid calls for fishing ban ...drawn a proposal for a marine sanctuary covering 1.6 million square kilometers of the Ross Sea, which would be the worlds largest reserve. Nine former chief executives of fallen Icelandic bank Kaupthing indicted for involvement in general market manipulation in the years prior to the bank's crash.This is the largest case of its kind in the world that has lead to an indictment. South Korea now wants their own nuclear program to counter the North. Antigay Islamic preacher Khalid Yasin prevented from attending University of East London event Curiosity rover breaks rock to reveal dazzling white interior Pentagon Says B52 Was Flown Over South Korea in 'Signal' to North Rwandan warlords sudden surrender at U.S. Embassy New Zealand is planning on a Cyprusstyle solution Small depositors may lose some of their savings to pay for bank bailouts. The number of dead pigs found in a river near Shanghai rose to more than 13,000 over the weekend. Last Friday, the figure stood at about 7,500. British woman jumps from Agra hotel balcony to escape sexual assault Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt is due to go on trial for genocide and crimes against humanity on Tuesday, the first time a country has prosecuted an exhead of state in a national court on such charges

 Cyprus Finance Minister Quits List of the 5 biggest exporters and importers of arms in the world during 20082012. Second computer glitch shuts down NASA Mars rover Rick Falkvinge Its Time To Go On The Offensive For Freedom Of Speech the copyright industry gets insane amounts of money for doing absolutely nothing, and use that money to buy laws that give them even more money and restrict our freedoms of speech. That is repulsive.'

     More than 50 countries have banned asbestos products but India cannot get enough. It imports the mineral from Canada, risking a future health crisis.
 Julian Assange to host own TV show France Has Angered Turkey By Passing A Bill Recognizing The Armenian Genocide Massive change to UK drug laws.  Courts will be told for the first time to reduce sentences for cannabis possession if it is being used for medicinal purposes SOPA equivalent in Canada Bill C11  George Soros Warns Of Financial Collapse, Class Warfare And The Rise Of Evil The numbers are grim China's property bubble is heading for a spectacular burst, and its effect on the country's economy will be widespread. Human Rights Watch reports 'serious violations' in Israel, Palestinian territories Iceland New law on religion introduced that would make religious and philosophical organisations equal before the law? In China, 78 percent of software is pirated, compared to 20 percent in the US Muammar Gaddafi diehard supporters capture Libya town of Bani Walid local official Polish Town in Shock as Blood Bubbles From Drains  
Residents of a small Polish town called in the police & ambulance service to investigate after blood began streaming out from under manhole covers (With Video) Four NK government officials murdered in what is an unprecedented crime for North Korea  Orange to waive data charges for users in Middle East and Africa to access Wikipedia on mobile devices
 India leases Russian nuclear submarine UK government debt passes 1 trillion mark When Mythology Becomes Fact the 1.2 million people who left Greece in 2010  Did it really even happen? Highprofile Spanish judge has gone on trial accused of violating a 1977 amnesty law by investigating civil war and Francoera crimes Deadly blasts in Baghdad's Sadr City  What It's Like To Be Gay in Tajikistan Egypt to end 30year state of emergency (x/post mideastpeace) Chinese professor calls Hong Kong residents 'dogs of British imperialists' Google to Update Privacy Policy to Cover Wider Data Use. (Worldwide). Forces loyal to Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi have launched a series of attacks across several cities, killing seven fighters who helped topple the former regime, officials and residents say. Europe is considering a sweeping new law that would force Internet companies like Amazon.com and Facebook to obtain explicit consent from consumers about the use of their personal data, delete that data forever at the consumers request and face fines for failing to comply. Forced Sterilization for Transgendered People in Sweden All EU member states to sign ACTA treaty on Thursday Judge says taking similarlooking photos is piracy More than 1,300 Kyrgyz prisoners have sewn their lips together as part of an ongoing protest at poor living conditions Online protests in Poland over antipiracy pact 100 Polish websites shrouded their pages in black to protest against Warsaw's plan to sign a multilateral anti online piracy accord this week Portugals President Complains About His Pension Cut  His remarks spark storm of indignation, prompting protesters to gather outside the presidential palace to sarcastically donate money & food to the head of state  The Freedom to Be Free Battle Lines Drawn in Global Copyright Confrontation  Recent weeks have seen spectacular arrests and mounting tension between those who would like to make it harder to share copyrighted material online and those who champion Internet freedom Group of French artisthackers prowls Paris at night, restoring neglected artifacts  Anonymous brings down several government sites in Ireland Gaddafi's green flag raised in Libyan town after bloody uprising... as civil war fears rise
 The Pirate Bay declares 3D printed physibles as the next frontier of piracy  Danish and American aid worker hostages in Somalia rescued by US Navy SEALs in overnight raid Japan's 1st trade deficit since 1980 calls into question how much longer it can rely on exports to help finance a huge public debt Chevron Says It's Still Trying to Put Out Rig Fire That's Been Burning for 10 Days off Nigerias Coast Mexico drug war boosts security business Amid the violence, Mexico's rich get ID chips, armored cars and gunmen on call Students at a London school were told a mystery speaker was going to come and talk to them. It was Bill Gates.  Bus rampage through crowded Indian streets kills 9
 injuring more than two dozen as he mowed down pedestrians and rammed other vehicles. Mutiny underway in PNG Mexico City Being Buried in Trash  Closure of huge landfill last month has triggered illegal dumping across the metropolis & left officials trying to figure where to take 12,000 tonnes of waste a day An example of International campaign finance. Intelligence reports received by India's Electoral Commission suggested that upwards of $2 billion in socalled black money will be spent to influence the state elections this year. Hong Kong protests Chinese professor sparks outrage over dog comments Proposed EU data protection rules include right to be forgotten, allowing people to have data held about them deleted if there are no legitimate grounds for retaining it There has been a military mutiny in Papua New Guinea, with a group of rebel soldiers taking the commander of the country's defence force captive in Port Moresby. Who Are Boko Haram and Why Are They Terrorizing Nigerian Christians? Australia 'Wikileaks cables revealed US Embassy sanctioned a conspiracy by Hollywood studios to target Australian comm company iiNet through the local courtsystem... aiming to establish a commonlaw precedent which would make ISPs responsible for the unauthorised filesharing of their customers.' Anonymous attack polish government sites, Poles getting mad over ACTA passing. The rise of the overclass  Weve all heard of the 'underclass now its mirror image  a superrich elite that is equally cut off from the rest of us  is defining the political debate Islamists Win 70% of Seats in the Egyptian Parliament FOXCONN Yes, Our CEO Called Our Employees Animals, But He Didn't Mean it as an Insult  
A clarification & apology from Apple's iPhonemaker AFP Iraq becoming 'police state', says rights group Costa Concordia 'insulting' cruise offer to survivors  30% off  Telegraph China restores 23,000 hectares of wetlands Could Ecuador be the most radical and exciting place on Earth? A decade ago, Ecuador was a banana republic, an economic basket case. Today, it has much to teach the rest of the world
 Flaminghorned bull fatally gores man in Spain. London's Police Force Spent $54,000 On Calling A Talking Clock In Just Two Years Conservative Wins First Round in Finnish Presidential Vote. Faces Green Candidate in Second Round.  Pakistan arrests man that spent 3 years posing as a army general Afghanistan The Best Way To Peace  


Wideranging reviewessay. In brief Western occupation of Afghanistan has been even more incompetent and selfdestructive than the Soviet one. Falklanders We are the luckiest workingclass people on earth   But oil and David Cameron put its sovereignty back on the agenda.  Egypt pardons jailed blogger as generals brace for anniversary protests Nigeria stunned by Kano attacks that killed more than 150. The carefully orchestrated strikes in the northern Nigeria city of Kano are reminiscent of Al Qaeda attacks, and dwarf previous assaults by the Islamic group Boko Haram, which claimed responsibility. The toll is expected to grow. Boko Haram, a shadowy Islamist sect that started out as a clerical movement opposed to western education but has become the biggest security menace facing Africa's top oil producer Croatia says 'yes' to EU membership. Thousands of Yemenis protest in capital Sanaa over immunity deal for president Canadian resident faces execution in Iran after appeal is rejected Madagascar turns away exiled former president  Coup leader closes main airports forcing commercial flight carrying Marc Ravalomanana to turn back to South Africa
 Syrias Zabadani is liberated, but for how long?  The residents of this pretty mountain resort town still seem dazed with disbelief that they have somehow succeeded in driving out the Syrian army Nigeria stunned by Kano attacks that killed more than 150
 Two die of A(H1N1) swine flu in Mexico Sir Richard Branson  Its time to end the failed war on drugs  While the captain watched from shore, heroes stayed aboard  The purser aided 100s into lifeboats & searched until trapped in a submerged area of the ship for 36 hrs.  A janitor fell overboard while helping & died.  A violinist aided children with lifejackets.  His body was found inside the wreck. Germany has the economic strengths America once boasted  Germany with its manufacturing base and export prowess is the U.S. of yesteryear, an economic power unlike any of its European neighbors. It has thrived on principles America seems to have lost. SOPAlike law to be unveiled in the next 10 days in Ireland U.N. asked to probe U.S. efforts to squelch Spain torture probe  When arguably the leading human rights country in the world is engaged in torture and then gives impunity to those torturers, it sends a pretty bad message, ... Iran vows to close straight after EU bans Iranian oil, If any disruption happens regarding the sale of Iranian oil, the Strait of Hormuz will definitely be closed Toyota finds way to avoid using rare earth metals Britain, US and France send warships through Strait of Hormuz Interpol faces legal threat for helping oppressive regimes hunt dissidents List of top 4,000 tax debtors (owing a combined 14 billion euro) released by Greek govt. A view of the extent of tax evasion. Nigeria's witch children find refuge at center Children branded as witches by church ministers are often abused and abandoned, but a center cares for them.
 21yearold Palestinian daughter locked up in 11/2 meters big bathroom for 10 years only to let her out at 1 AM to clean  EU imposes Iran oil embargo
 Bank Of Canada governor, Canada must look to Asia  US unlikely to fully recover Saudi female driver who defied ban dies in fatal accident  A Saudi woman who defied a driving ban in the kingdom was injured and her companion killed when their car overturned in the northern Hael province, a police spokesman said on Monday. Russia to deliver combat jets to Syria ... in a show of support for President Bashar Assad's regime The road to creating the world's first lowcost machine for making sanitary towels began with a Man in India who wore a sanitary towel himself. Taliban releases horrific video of executions of 15 Pakistani soldiers  | Mail Online Asia Bibi was sentenced to death for blasphemy in November 2010 after drinking water from a well reserved for Muslims and allegedly making derogatory remarks about the Prophet Mohammed  French parliament votes to make it a crime to deny 1915 killings of Armenians was genocide BBC News  EU proposes 'right to be forgotten' by internet firms Russian police mistake marathon for gay pride parade

 The welfare reform bill will erode women's financial independence France's Senate to vote on controversial bill  criminalizing denial of the Armenian genocide The Iranian oil embargo does this mean war? Thailand recognizes Palestinian state Cruise Captain not the only one to fall into life boat Second and third in command also tripped and fell into same lifeboat Hallelujah! Canadians agree it's time to legalize marijuana Five Muslim men in  UK are guilty of stirring up hatred by handing out leaflet advocating death penalty for gay people Canadian freestyle skier Sarah Burke dead at 29 Undercover police had children with activists they spied on 5 unemployed Moroccan men set themselves on fire after demonstrating against a lack of jobs, especially for university graduates Cruise ship's cook says captain ordered dinner after crash Senior al Qaeda figure killed in drone strike When faced with a non functional printing press, the staff from a Japanese newspaper hand wrote copies to keep reader up to date with vital information during the crisis Iran calls for Israel to be punished Cuban hunger striker Wilmar Villar dies in jail Myanmar president vows no turning back on democratic reforms, calls for lifting sanctions  Foxconn Chief's Unfortunate AnimalWorker Comparison  
Though it's spinning the CEO's comparison of his workforce to zoo creatures as cultural miscommunication, it doesn't change the fact it treats workers like animals. The remark came after the firm was accused of pushing its workers to suicide.  Multiple explosions in Northern Irish city of Derry blamed on dissident republican group  possibly the real IRA Crocodile swallows 10 year old girl whole. BBC News  First video of Fukushima nuclear reactor interior Four French troops shot by Afghan soldier Cuba offers to swap US spy for 5 Cubans imprisoned in the US Moammar Gadhafi had undeclared chemical weapons, monitors say The use of Sharia, or Islamic religious law, is growing in Britain, with thousands of Muslims using it to settle disputes each year. Some women's groups are objecting. Afghanistan France suspends training ops after Afghan soldier shoots dead 4 French troops and maiming 16 others Six Nato soldiers killed in Afghan helicopter crash A series of about 20 explosions has rocked Kano, the main city in the north of Nigeria. Pakistan's Culture of Honorable Corruption 