 Gulag for Gaijin Do you see this gun? he said... I have the legal authority to use this if you refuse to get on that flight. Now are you going to buy that ticket? Rate of abortion is highest in countries where practice is banned. In Africa and Latin America researchers found that 95 to 97 per cent of abortions were unsafe
 Ivory Coast On the second farm we visited we found trafficked children. Let's call them what they are slaves.  Costa Concordia staff filmed telling passengers to return to their cabins, saying everything is fixed, 40 minutes after impact  Indonesian atheist attacked, arrested for claiming God does not exist on Facebook Appeals court refused again to block indigenous Ecuadoreans from collecting on an $18.2 billion judgment against Chevron for a massive oil contamination in the Amazon Plane nosedives 6,000 feet after pilot presses wrong button  Former BP Boss Gets 12m From Iraqi Oil Venture  

Tony Hayward, who left BP  with a 10m pension pot after the Gulf of Mexico catastrophe,  pockets 1st tranche of payments from Kurdistan oil venture with Genel Energy At least 120 people were killed in Bombings in Northern Nigerian City, by more than 24 explosions Boko Haram, whose name means Western education is sacrilegious claims responsability Canada Plays its China Card  Resourcerich Canada and resourcehungry China seem in some ways like natural partners. After a slow start, they just might be. Pressed by the U.S., Honduras' lawmakers amend constitution to allow extradition treaties (from /r/strictlyworldpolitics) The Secret Document That Transformed China Indonesian police say a civil servant who posted God does not exist on Facebook faces a maximum penalty of five years behind bars for blasphemy. Egyptian Frustration As Tourists Stay Away Tourism sees 32% drop in visitors as ongoing street violence hits vital industry Egypt's Islamists Secure 75 Percent of Parliament Beijing Releases Key Air Pollution Data for 1st  Time   after clamor by citizens on social networking sites tired of breathing in gray & yellow air  An environmental consultant who's studied Beijing's pollution data since 2006, said he's already a bit suspicious of Beijing's PM2.5 data Divers  Find Woman in Stern of the Costa Concordia, Raising Deaths to 12  They're going into every single cabin. It takes 45 minutes. In the submerged part divers are using witness accounts as to which paths people may have  taken. Italy is coordinating the search for bodies & the fuel recovery. 16yearold Dutch girl Laura Dekker becomes youngest to sail around the world solo Syrian army deserters on Saturday seized the town of Douma just northeast of Damascus after fierce fighting, the Britainbased Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said in a statement, as escalated violence throughout the country killed left 94 people dead, including 60 from the town of Idlib alone. Students in Nepal burn tires, block roads to protest fuel price increases U.K. Revokes Iran's Press TV License  WSJ.com His dear leader Meet North Korea's secret weapon  an IT consultant from Spain  Prisoners 'tortured' by former Libyan rebel fighters Report Turkey intercepts material for missiles, chemical weapons on Iranian trucks Egypt pardons nearly 2,000 prisoners; Islamists take three quarters of parliament b'I love the world Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej was forced to resign after a court said he had violated the Constitution by hosting a cooking show. Seriously.' French revolt over Edvige Nicolas Sarkozy's Big Brother spy computer b'Terrorists Fail! Time to Carry Liquids on Planes  Virgin' If you think 9/11 was an inside job, you'll find company in Cairo. The Dalai Lama's brother has diedpretty interesting article North Korea's Kim Jong Il may have had a stroke, U.S. intelligence official says How the KGB (and friends) took over Russia's economy b'80% of artists would get &lt;30/year from copyright extension' b'US officials think Kim Jong Il may be gravely ill' b'Church of Scientology faces fraud trial in France' b'Liquid Bomb Terror Plot Collapses In Court  None of suspects charged with headlinegrabbing plan to blow up airlines, alleged ringleader completely acquitted' b'Artist offends members of a faith Has forced himself into selfexile due to numerous legal cases against him. I wonder what country and religion that could be...' b'U.S. Backs Off Civilian Nuclear Pact With Russia  NYTimes.com' b'British park wardens ordered to stop and quiz adults spotted without children' b'How to Spot a Terrorist on the Fly  washingtonpost.com' 3 Accused U.K. Airline 'Liquid Bomb' Plotters Found Guilty b'First official sharia law court in Warwickshire (UK) operating for a year now. Still no stonings. Maybe Alternative Dispute Resolution isn't such a bad thing after all.' b'Abu Haris Al Qaeda chief in Pakistan killed by US missle strike' b'Ultimate Frisbee at the highest level You had no idea it was this freaking cool [video]' b'Scientology members to stand trial in French court' b'GAME OVER Russia starts diplomatic relations with South Ossetia and Abkhazia' b'George W. Bush plans to withdraw 4,000 troops from Iraq before the end of his presidency as the Pentagon starts to shift its focus to Afghanistan.' b'North Korean Leader Is Very Ill, may have had a stroke, American Official Says' b'AlQaida new tape blasts Iran for working with US' Russian troops to remain in Georgia 'for a long time' b'UK House of Lords  British Surveillance Greatest Threat to Democracy since Hitler' Irish longdistance runner makes history as the world's first athlete to run seven consecutive marathons on seven continents in less than seven days. b'School bully picks on kid one too many times. Receives multiple stab wounds for his trouble.' b'UK's huge rise in surveillance and data collection by the state and other organisations risks undermining the longstanding traditions of privacy and individual freedom which are vital for democracy, ' b'Electronic surveillance and collection of personal data are pervasive in British society and threaten to undermine democracy, peers have warned.' b'Letters Prove US Warning to Cut Off Intel to England If the UK Discloses Torture Info' b'Vladimir Putin wants world banks to wipe out $500b in Russian company debt. Garry Kasparav says they shouldn't By rejecting Putin's agenda, the world can send a clear signal to Russia's elites not to bet on the old regime. That would improve the chances for a peaceful transition. ' b'Detailed accounts of Israelis using Gazan civilians as human shields ' b'In Paris, an antiadvertising insurgency grows' b'Neoconservatism, in large part, is simply about enabling the most irredentist elements in Israel and sustaining a permanent war against anyone or any country who disagrees with the Israeli right' b'Texas U.S. Congressman says the Republican party will have to be come an insurgency and added that the Taliban can serve as a model' George Mitchell and the end of the twostate solution Israel's settlement growth means we have to find a different plan b'Jewish settlers terrorising arabs at their door' b'High Tech Misery in China The Dehumanization of Young Workers Producing Our Computer Keyboards' b'Professor at French Defense Intelligence College fired for 9/11 opinions' b'Sweden lifts 30yr ban on nuclear power  ' UN halts Gaza aid over 'thefts' b'No kissing please, we are Indians' b'Kyrgyzstan says its decision to close a US base that serves as a vital supply route for US and Nato operations in Afghanistan is final. ' b'As US combat deaths fall, record numbers of soldiers take their own lives' b'Afghanistan threatening to align with Russia?' Days Before Israel's Election Uber Nationalistic, Far Right Party Joining Frontrunners. b'Islamic Countries use UN Human Rights Council to Attack Canada.....' b'Influx of Big Content lawyers at DoJ cause for concern?' b'Recordings show pilot stayed cool before Hudson landing' b'A Gloucester busspotter is forced to abandon his 40yearold hobby of snapping pictures of busses and trams because security kooks keep calling him a terrorist and even a pedophile.' b'The Best Cure for Anxiety Disorder...... Marijuana!' b'Palestinians fire mortars, violate truce' b'Macedonia crime reporter who covered a mysterious series of murders turns to be the killer himself' b'Police rape of Afghan boys ignored' b' China Demolishes Mosque for NOT Supporting the Olympics' b'The UK has one CCTV camera for every 14 people. Now new intelligent cameras will be able to pick up conversations.' Girl missing since 1983 was kidnapped on Vatican archbishop's orders, police told b'Israel uproots centuries old olive trees in the Bethlehem region to construct the separation wall.' b'Gangs out of control' b'Israeli soldier kills himself during farewell ceremony for Sarkozy' b'BBC Interview with McCains Vietnamese captor But I can confirm to you that we never tortured him. We never tortured any prisoners.' b'NASA warming scientist This is the last chance...' b'Iraq Kidnappings, torture, and arbitrary detentions pervade the daily lives of Iraqis. Violence against women and girls, including rapes and killings in honor crimes, is on the rise.' b'The Failed States Index 2008  Ranking, Map, The best and the Worst, etc' b' Bomb kills 4 Americans at Baghdad council meeting' b'Malaysian city bans lipstick for Muslim women' A child's words still ring true 16 years later. A 12 year old entreats the UN to change their ways in this moving speech [vid] b'US Broadcaster Fails To Reach Arab Audiences  Have we failed at winning the Mindshare or we have not tried hard enough?' b'Grim scene Rescue divers found many decomposing corpses floating inside the capzised ferry in Philippines' Obama's Speech to AIPAC b'Is Your City Going to Be Bottled WaterFree? A new resolution from leading U.S. mayors shows that more cities may be ditching the bottled stuff in favor of tap. ' b'Russia may be willing to go to war to stop Georgia NATO bid' b'Update on the people of the Former Soviet Union Kids are increasingly not learning Russian and choose to learn English instead.' b'US may open diplomatic outpost in Iran' Since 2003, over 200,000 people have died as a result of the Darfur conflict (source United Nations) Israel allowed its halt in construction in Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank to expire Monday, defying a U.S. call to extend the moratorium and risking a Palestinian withdrawal from peace talks Why is the world's worst violence ignored?  Congo 800 times deadlier than the conflict in IsraelPalestine (video) Face to face with the world's most repressive regime  London Independent reporter sneaks into N. Korea Georgia is replacing Russian with English as the country's second language, two years after a major war with Moscow. Barclays bank bricked up by businessman furious at refusal to lend Nucleararmed and nonNPT signer, Pakistan gets the chair of UN IAEA board
 More Media on BBC Special Secrets of ScientologySweeney has returned to investigate the church again. Mr Shouty and Cruise The RematchThree years ago, while making a Panorama programme about Scientology, I made the mistake of exploding in front of the sects own cameras. [more] Chinese police investigate illegal jails 'where complaining citizens are held' Company allegedly charges local authorities fees to prevent provincial petitioners reaching Beijing officials The Pirate Bay Appeal Starts Tomorrow  Kim Jong Un is exactly what North Korea does not need NATO helicopters entered Pakistan to kill insurgents
| Top News
| Reuters Eta, the Basque separatist group, has said it is willing to declare a permanent, verifiable ceasefire in a bid to settle its longrunning conflict with the Spanish government. Three Australian soldiers charged with manslaughter over deaths of 5 Afghan children in 2009 Australia faces worst plague of locusts in 75 years  Homeless Bedouin take on the State of Israel This used to be my home. That's my home now, he adds, pointing to one of several dozen makeshift wooden structures which villagers have thrown up in wake of the last police action Merkel Admits She Still Tends to Stockpile  Introspection and nostalgia are rife ahead of the 20th anniversary of German reunification  and  Merkel has joined the trend explaining how her habits still bear the hallmarks of growing up in communist East Germany. Israel calls for end to UN Gaza investigations  Israel called on Monday for an end to United Nations Human Rights Council investigations into its actions in the 200809 Gaza conflict, insisting that the body was obsessively biased against it. 'Taxation without Representation'  European Union Up in Arms over US Travel Tax Why Kofi Annan's envoy to Africa's last colony resigned in protest NATO launches airstrikes into Pakistan, 50 dead The seismic activity at the base of Brarbunga stratovolcano, which also happens to be the highest mountain in Iceland, has picked up materially over the last 48 hours China and India the great game's new players  French minister Rachida Dati mixes up oral sex with inflation Roads So Bad in Gulu, Uganda that Residents have taken to Planting Cassava in Them as a form of protest b'India shocked as moral police beat girls out of pub' b'A woman suspected of recruiting more than 80 female suicide bombers has confessed to organising their rapes so she could later convince them that martyrdom was the only way to escape the shame.' b'Israel seizes Gazabound aid ship' b'AP The US Sold The White Phosphorous Israel Used In Gaza' b'Journal axes gene research on Jews and Palestinians ( for inconvenient factual info )' US has far lower acceptance of Evolution than other 'developed' nations b' Bill Gates Unleashes Swarm of Mosquitoes on Crowd There is no reason only poor people should be infected.' b'Hamas steals UN aid, distributes it only to people who support them' b'Claiming Sovereignty AZ, HI, MI, MO, MT, NH, OK, & WA' b'Israel  Clamps Down On Only News Network That Was Reporting From Gaza During Operation Cast Lead' b'I had already been chilled by the docility of the peopleunlike other countries in the Third World, no one approached me as I walked the streets. (The only place where I had felt a similar pattern of fear was North Korea)' b'The Hasbara Handbook A manual for proIsraeli propaganda. ' b'Despite 1,300 dead, majority of Palestinians still back Hamas rocket attacks' b'Israel censors names of soldiers who participated in the Gaza war to protect them against war crime lawsuits.' Israeli army says shelling of house where girls died was 'reasonable' b'Nobody PANICcccccc, but the USAF just failed a Nuclear Inspection tests.' b'India china submarine stand off in somalia' b'International Criminal Court to Consider Gaza Investigation' Well here's 1 reason I would not want to be the top antidrug official in Mexico...wow b'Ireland Soldiers do not want to be used to break strikes' b'Since 2004, U.S. taxpayers have paid to supply over 500 million gallons of refined oil products  worth about $1.1 billion  to the Israeli militaryS' b'Take Action DIRECTV Censors Our Gaza Strip TV Ad!' b'When Will The Vatican Recant Their Lies And Misdeeds' b'Israel hands over $43 million to help rebuild Gaza' b'Europe Police Cooperation With Israel Challenged' North and South Korea exchange faxes threatening to attack each other Kim Jongun very drunk when ordered execution of uncle's two aides Freed Pussy Riot member, on walking out of prison This is not an amnesty. This is a hoax and a PR move. North Korean Leader Kim JongUn's Uncle was killed because he tried to depose JongUn and replace him with his brother. Now all the Uncle's men are defecting to the South. Viral video of Spanish cops hitting female proabortionists at protest raises global alarm over the country's police brutality and tough new abortion law Girl dies after pharmacy refuses to give her the antidote Britain Furious backlash from customers over Muslim policy No way back for Britons who join the Syrian fight  Theresa May strips jihadists of citizenship to prevent them returning Creator of chickenpox vaccine dies, age 85 BT Internet filter gives parents option to block 'gay and lesbian lifestyle' content Edward Snowden will help Germany investigate NSA snooping if it grants him political asylum Scientists Link Spike in Thyroid Disease to Fukushima Disaster  And so far, 56 percent of children near Fukushima do in fact have a precancerous cyst or a nodule. Brazil's decision to buy Swedish fighter jets instead of F/A18 Super Hornets from Boeing eliminates its most promising foreignsales prospect just as the U.S. company faces critical decisions about extending the jet's production line past 2016. Islamic charity officials gave millions to alQaeda, U.S. says A 13year study of coral reefs spontaneously recovering in the Cayman Islands offers hope of refuting often doomsday forecasts about the worldwide decline of the colorful marine habitat. Bangladeshi Factory Owners Charged in Fire That Killed 112 workers, Walmart said they were unaware that their apparel was being made in such factories. Chilling Pictures Taken By The Teenage Photographer Who Was Killed In Syria 'Hell for animals Egypt's Giza Zoo beset by tear gas, bear riots and giraffe suicide. Death on the USMexican border the killings America chooses to ignore. Since 2005, patrol agents and CBP officers have killed some 42 people along the USMexican border without facing any public consequences  or any largescale media coverage UAE sentences American to 1 year for making parody video of youth culture in Dubai. Journalists banned from entering police stations across Turkey. Pregnant asylum seeker denied ultrasound miscarries in Australian detention centre, is told to lower her expectations No snow in Siberia? Locals marvel  and worry Prior to a vote today in Armenia to hand over its national natural gas distribution to Russia, an opposition member secretly stole the electronic voting card of all progovernment members, forcing them to resort to voting by a raise of hands as all opposition members walked out. Tasmania forest threatened by Coalition  Govt to push ahead plan to remove world heritage listing from a swath of Tasmanian forest, potentially reopening bitter divisions over the states timber industry. Plan to roll back hardwon protection branded fundamentally irresponsible. Zimbabwe Robert Mugabe's militia burn opponent's wife alive b'12 Underage partygoers die trampled as cops block only exit in a Mexico City club. Cops appear on video beating up anyone who tried to leave. (YTVideo)' b'Poll 77% of Israeli Arabs would rather live in Israel than in any other country in the world' b'Could Britain become a dictatorship?' b'For centuries, in the closedoff and conservative society of rural northern Albania, swapping genders was considered a practical solution for a family with a shortage of men.' b'Iranian commander says Shock and Awe awaits attackers' b'Australias Muslim community demands that polygamous marriages be legalized. For the sake of women. ' b'More Mad Cow in Canadian Beef. (I wonder how many they miss. They never find any in US beef. Cause they make sure not to test it.)  ' b'Darfur Activists It's Embarrassing the US Doesn't Outlaw Crimes Against Humanity' b'Another Canadian man executed by Taser. Because he was a combative male.  ' Here's that Brilliant Documentary about How Monsanto is Screwing Everybody! b'Man is accused of terrorism and pedophilia  because he took pictures of buses' USA says it will ignore the result of Friday's presidential runoff election in Zimbabwe b'Sexabuse suit claims that Catholic Church, under instructions from the Pope, had a policy to keep sexabuse allegations against priests secret, with excommunication as the penalty.' b'Ahmadinejad pledges to prove U.S. planned to assassinate him' Ha'aretz reports that antiChristianity toward messianic Christians in Israel is now so intense they can't worship safely without armed protection.  b'12 year old boy rescues 2 year old girl from 200 foot deep crevice in Nepal' b'Tsvangirai Send in the UN peacekeepers now' b'In an arabic language interview, IAEA chief Mohamed ElBarade publicly stated for the first time that Iran is six months to a year away from the ability to produce an atomic weapon.  ' b'Global suicide rates have increased by 60% in the past 45 years' b'You wont see most of this on TV Bombs Iraq, US troops killed, political violence' b'CBS Video Israel Rehearses Iran Attack ' b'Pictures of Mugabe Election Violence [warning disturbing]' b'Iranian General Armed forces is equipped with cuttingedge military warfare enabling it to instantly respond any attack against the countrys nuclear facilities' Zimbabwe socialists `Only united mass action will defeat Mugabe!' The Economists country of the year Uruguay for legalising gay marriage and cannabis which are obviously sensible and has increased the global sum of human happiness at no financial cost Kill Gays bill just passed in Uganda  president expected to sign any day now Cuba's Raul Castro calls for 'civilised relations' with US Documents leaked by Snowden, released after Biden's visit to Brazil, ended up enraging Rousseff and changed her plans to purchase Boeing's F/A18 Super Hornet  she surprised the defense and diplomatic worlds by tapping Sweden's Saab to supply the jets Italian army reservist to be prosecuted for saving cat's life in Kosovo | Barbara Balanzoni, who saved dying cat while serving as a medical officer at a Nato base, is charged with insubordination AlQaeda in Yemen 'sorry' for hospital attack. In a rare public apology, its leader said that one of his fighters disobeyed orders and attacked a hospital attached to the defence ministry during a December assault that killed 52 people. Muslim staff at Marks & Spencer can refuse to sell alcohol and pork London School of Economics apologizes to atheist students for forcing them to coverup Tshirt with Muhammad and Jesus More than a hundred relations of Jang Songthaek, who was executed by firing squad on charges of plotting to overthrow the North Korean state, have reportedly been arrested and sent to prison camps. Top PR exec Justine Sacco under fire for sending racist tweet before flying to Africa. Justine Sacco, who is the communications director of IAC wrote Going to Africa. Hope I don't get AIDS. Just kidding. Im white! The number of government requests to remove content from Google's services has grown dramatically by 68% in the last year Anatomy of an honour killing Why a Palestinian community demanded a father murder his divorced daughter A multibilliondollar CIA covert program has helped kill rebel leaders in Colombia. Saudi Arabia Announces Plans for Joint Gulf Military of 100,000 Troops (with UAE, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Qatar) Madagascar rivals both claim poll win, allege fraud after an entire airplane filled with premarked ballots had been discovered Israel condemns US spying revelations, calls for release of Jonathan Pollard, jailed in 1980s of spying for Israel Bomb Explodes on Bat Yam Bus; One Wounded Chinese media reports of plans to build a 110,000 ton 'super aircraft carrier' to rival US naval power Former Japanese beauty queen takes on yakuza mafia in Japan A Syrian photographer who took pictures for Reuters on a freelance basis has been killed while covering fighting in Aleppo, activists said. EU fury over claims UK and US spied on competition chief Germans riot over closure of cultural centre, 82 police officers injured in altercations with demonstrators in Hamburg Three bombs exploded southern Thailand, injuring more than two dozen people in what appeared to be an attack by Islamic insurgents Explosion on Israeli bus, no one hurt police Suicide bombers kill 36 Shi'ite pilgrims in Iraq Icelands jailed bankers a model for dealing with financial terrorists Snowden ally Appelbaum claims his Berlin apartment was invaded Dennis Rodman receives open letter I was born in 1982 in Camp 14, a political prison in the mountains of North Korea. Court rules that 9/11 families can now sue Saudi Arabia Germany Should Ban U.S. Contracting Companies Passing Data to NSA U.S. contracting companies such as Cisco should be contractually barred from passing sensitive information to the U.S. security services, a spokesman for Merkel's conservatives was quoted saying Oil industry devastating Amazon communities, warns UN rapporteur. Oil companies have affected health & food sources of indigineous people Amazon region by heavily contaminating the Peruvian rainforest. No, we do not support the boycott of Israel[Palestinian President Mahmoud] Abbas told reporters. But we ask everyone to boycott the products of the settlements..in our territories..But we dont ask anyone to boycott Israel itself.We have relations with Israel. We have mutual recognition of Israel U.N. votes to protect online privacy; Edward Snowden leaks credited French company implants first artificial heart China's Moon rover has activated its science tools. Imaging experiments have begun. Vandals in Sweden have burned down for the 27th time a giant straw goat meant to symbolize the Christmas spirit. TEPCO says Radioactive cesium detected in water samples taken from deep underground Protests greet Spains move to ban abortions outside of rape and incest the head of Spains Planned Parenthood Federation, complained the reform would take Spain back to a time when Spanish women had to go to England and France to terminate their pregnancies Indigenous Groups Win Right to Seize Chevrons Canadian Assets over $18 Billion in Amazon Pollution Indian protesters ransack a Dominos Pizza outlet in a Mumbai, demand a ban on U.S. goods as officials struggle to defuse a row over the arrest of an Indian diplomat in New York Just 90 Companies account for 2/3 of all human Global Warming Emissions since Industrial Revolution Renewable energy, once a dream, lights up some of India's slums  Most huts here have no attached toilet or running water, but solar panels of all sizes appear on their asbestos rooftops. UK citizen wins legal round against Facebook over NSA Prism leaks Canadian Panel Approves Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipeline  Multibillion dollar pipeline is subject to 209 required conditions. Conservation groups condemn decision, saying the 3member panel ignores overwhelming scientific evidence against the pipeline & widespread public opposition. Kim Dotcom Ratted Out Rival FileSharing Sites, Court Documents Claim Turkish PM Erdogan calls US ambassador Ricciardone provocative implies he might be expelled Italian politician 'forced secretary to sign contract which required her to have sex with him at least four times a month' Mexican president signs controversial oil and gas law  Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has signed a controversial law that allows foreign companies to drill for oil for the first time since the sector was nationalised in 1938. Syria views Saudi Arabia as number one enemy  Syrian Deputy Foreign Minister if the world wants to avoid another September 11 incident, they must start telling Saudi Arabia 'enough is enough', Emergency spacewalk underway to fix coolant loop.  Live video feed Pope Francis has denounced the global financial system, blasting the cult of money that he says is tyrannizing the poor and turning humans into expendable consumer goods Money has to serve, not to rule! KFC smugglers bring buckets of chicken through Gaza tunnels  Gazans with a hankering for the Colonel's secret recipe can call up a delivery company and get some finger lickin' food smuggled hot from Egypt in just three hours. Australian Web filters, ostensibly put in place to block child pornography sites is now being used to block other sites deemed unlawful by Government Agencies. 11 Governments Are Meeting in Peru to Figure Out How They Can Control the Internet Sharia law used in the United Arab Emirates to jail Australian woman after she was gangraped  Her drink was spiked. Three colleagues then raped her. Under Sharia law, four adult Muslim men need to witness rape, otherwise the woman is sent to prison for sex outside marriage. Czech pharmacies begin selling medical marijuana A man has shot himself in front of a dozen children in the corridor of a nursery school in Paris. Teen uses metal detector, finds rare Vikingera coins and other items in a field in northern Denmark WalMart and GAP refuse liability for workers in their sweatshops Star Wars and Doctor Who fans clash at scifi convention. Police called. China lays claim to Okinawa as territory dispute with Japan escalates South Korea recognizes spousal rape as a crime for first time. Saudi religious police boss condemns Twitter users. 'Sheikh Abdul Latif Abdul Aziz alSheikh said anyone using social media sites  and especially Twitter  has lost this world and his afterlife' New Zealand Govt Wants To Spy On All Communications, VPNs, And Be Able To Use Secret Evidence Against You Israel starts process of authorising new West Bank settlement Scientists Report First Success in Cloning Human Stem Cells British prime minister threatens to prosecute oil bosses. Oil company executives should face criminal prosecution if they are found to have fixed the price of gas. Israel Hints at New Strikes, Warning Syria Not to Retaliate Oldest water on earth discovered... Some scientists contend laws against harvest of rhino horns has same effect as prohibition did for alcohol it created a lucrative black market. Some scientists think creating a regulated market for farmed rhino horns may be the only path to prevent their extinction. Australia to stock up on US drones Saudi princes fail to win sovereign immunity in UK court case Malaysian couple sentenced to 24 years in prison for fatally starving Cambodian housemaid Pope Francis on Thursday [16 May 2013] called on world leaders to put an end to the 'cult of money' and to do more to help the poor, warning that insecurity was rising in many regions of the world and the 'joy of life' was diminishing in developed countries. North Korea Swiss Mission in the DMZ  With a delegation marooned inside the no man's land between North and South Korea since 1953, Switzerland maintains fragile ties with the North. The Supreme Court of Canada has struck down the country's antiprostitution laws in a unanimous decision. Pussy Riot members freed from prison A prominent Libyan dissident cannot pursue his wellfounded claim that he was unlawfully abducted in a joint MI6CIA operation, and later tortured, because to do so would damage Britain's relations with the US, a high court judge ruled on Friday. Four cops arrested for raping, molesting and threatening a minor schoolgirl for twoandahalf months. US Air Force general in charge of 450 nuclear missiles fired for 'drunken bender' on official trip to Moscow. Report finds he offended Russian counterparts with comments on Eric Snowden, tried to repeatedly perform with a bar band, and drunkenly bragged that he saves the world from war every day China has rejected 545,000 tons of imported US corn found to contain an unapproved genetically modified strain. North Korea Threatens To Strike South Korea Without Notice'  by fax About 200 cars stolen in Germany have been tracked down in Tajikistan, where most are now driven by family and friends of President Emomali Rakhmon. Philippine mayor, wife, and 2 others shot and killed at Manila airport Snowden leak confirms Denmark spying deal with US | Leaked document from NSA lists Denmark as one of nine European countries that collaborates with the '5Eyes' Uganda passes draconian antigay law Bubonic plague outbreak kills 32 in Madagascar Policeman sentenced to year in prison for blowing off man's testicles GCHQ and NSA targeted Israeli PM, charities, Germans, and EU chief Amnesty International Nearly 1,000 killed over 2 days in Central African Republic. Former CIA chief Snowden should be hanged by the neck until dead MI6 'turned blind eye' to torture of rendered detainees, finds Gibson report | Britain's intelligence agencies 'totally unprepared' for US response to 9/11 and years later 'cooperated with interrogations' NZ Customs Refuses To Answer Questions After Revelations Of Illegal Orders To Give FBI Info On Kim Dotcom For 'Brownie Points' Australian and US scientists reverse ageing in mice, humans could be next Going green record 40% of Scotland's electricity is coming from renewables Girls freed in Nigeria 'baby factory' raid; Nigerian police have raided a home in the southeastern state of Abia where 19 pregnant women were staying with the intent of selling their newborn babies. Canadian lottery winner donates $40 million jackpot to charity UK ake from the poor, but not the rich Tax authorities accused of 'siding' with big business over small firms and individuals Antiageing compound set for human trials after turning clock back for mice. New South Wales professor in US rolled back the key indicators of ageing to make twoyearold mice appear six months old Obama deploys small military group to South Sudan Nike becomes suspected player in alleged $150 million FIFA bribery scandal Visa threatens to ditch FIFA as sponsor Russia's army is massing troops and hundreds of pieces of weaponry including mobile rocket launchers, tanks and artillery at a makeshift base near the border with Ukraine, a Reuters reporter saw this week. Many of the vehicles have number plates and identifying marks removed New Evidence Shows Police Did Massacre 42 in Michoacan, Mexico Vladimir Putin suggests FIFA probe is a U.S. plot to take 2018 World Cup away from Russia Its so hot in India right now the roads are literally melting At least 1,100 dead in monthlong heatwave Cuban Life Expectancy Among the Highest in World at 78.45 Years U.S.trained commander of Tajikistan's elite police force has defected to Islamic State German court rules against Yemeni men whose innocent relatives were killed in a US drone strike, saying Germany had no obligation to stop US from launching attacks at German base Ireland worse than pagans for legalising gay marriage, says senior cardinal U.S. IRS tax data hack traced to Russia. Norway's sovereign wealth fund accused of 'pretend divestment'  Worlds richest sovereign wealth fund has sunk more money into coal just 3 months after a highprofile pledge to dump fossil fuels as part of its commitment to responsible investing IsraelTexas researchers win top desalination award  Winners of USAID Desal Prize will pay forward their $125,000 prize money and expertise to build water plant in Jordan Moldova president We prefer Europe to Russia Ecuador seized around 200,000 shark fins and arrested three suspected traffickers at the country's main fishing port,the government said Wednesday [27 May 2015]. Interior Minister Jose Serrano announced the seizure on Twitter, posting pictures of rows, piles and bags of the darkcolored shark fins Sepp Blatter holds emergency Fifa meeting Dutch ok partial ban on Islamic veils The Dutch cabinet has approved a proposal for a partial ban on facecovering Islamic veils on public transport and in public areas such as schools and hospitals. Russia Sees U.S. Conspiracy Against World Cup Plans in FIFA Scandal Pentagon Accidentally Sends Live Anthrax to Nine States And South Korea Nigerian Army dismisses 200 soldiers for cowardice Mafia boss Pasquale Scotti arrested in Brazil after 31 years on the run. Former leader of Camorra syndicate in Italy who is wanted for more than two dozen murders detained by police while taking his children to school in Recife. Russia would be able to occupy Baltics in two days Czech general 'New species' of ancient human found Kurds liberate Christian villages from Islamic State in Syrian Kurdistan Like an ocean liner without lifeboats HSBCs dire warning for global economy Edward Snowden did the world a favour by revealing the scale of surveillance by governments, according to the inventor of the internet. Sir Tim BernersLee said he believed Snowden had done us all a favour. 47% of Indian Graduates of 2013 Unemployable for Any Job Study Swedish develop selfcleaning dishware Strong explosion shakes Lebanese capital, black smoke billowing from central Beirut Former Stasi officers still employed at archives of East Germany's secret police | German president blamed as archive admits victims seeking access to files might still have to deal with former Stasi agents Woman raped, dumped, abducted again and gangraped in Karaikal  The Times of India India Has Begun Retaliating For US Arrest And Strip Search Of Diplomat Uruguay Marijuana Becomes Legal U.S. base on Japan's Okinawa allowed to move after 17year deadlock Bahrain court acquits princess on trial for torturing doctors Turkey military says will not get involved in political crisis Large explosion rocks downtown Beirut killing a former minister along with four others. Torrent temptation EU Parliament, Vatican, Hollywood download pirated content Three NATO personnel killed in Kabul suicide car bomb NATO Russia says Arafat was not poisoned and died of natural causes French and Russian teams have found no evidence of radiation poisoning Turkish prime minister loses aura of invincibility The revelations were a shock for a government accustomed to getting its way. French unemployment rises to 3.29m Stanford researcher proves NSA can probably identify individuals from phone records Dozens killed in a car bomb explosion in Downtown Beirut; Lebanon's Former Minister of Finance Mohammad Shatah Assassinated Turkeys legal morass thickened after a prosecutor said Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogans government is obstructing a graft probe by preventing detentions, disobeying court orders and allowing suspects to flee. The lira extended losses after his comments. Angolan soldiers 'rape' 950 DRC refugees Students in Nepal protest what they believe is a manufactured shortage on cooking fuel Python kills Bali security guard outside fivestar hotel. Ambar Arianto Mulyo strangled to death while trying to capture snake near Bali Hyatt hotel on Indonesian island. Turkish corruption scandal prosecutor accuses police of obstructing case Protesting Turkish prosecutor piles pressure on PM China to phase out incandescent lightbulbs  Energyinefficient lightbulbs will be phased out in five years in a bid to save energy and curb climate change
 Honduras arrests 176 police in corruption purge French paper reprints Mohammad cartoon after firebomb '15,000 strong' army gathers to take on Syria An insurgent army which claims to be up to 15,000 strong is being coordinated from Turkey to take on President Bashar alAssad of Syria, which risks plunging the region into open warfare.
 New figures for 2010 mean that levels of greenhouse gases are higher than the worst case scenario outlined by climate experts just four years ago. Girl, 3, eats leftovers for 2 days after mom dies How the Rise of Islamic Banking is Changing Turkey  Islamic banks do not charge interest, & share the profit & loss risks of their customers News Corp. Journalist Arrested As Hacking Scandal Widens Fadel Soliman, a Muslim, gets kicked out of a Norwegian plane because He was behaving suspiciously.. Only he was, in fact, a Muslim scholar on his way to give a lecture about terrorism. Israeli navy boards Gazabound vessels BBC News  Tibetan Buddhist nun burns herself to death in China Fukushima residents' urine now radioactive Greece PM Papandreou wins confidence vote The 29 Global Banks That Are Too Big To Fail according to the G20 Israeli army testfires missile and practices evacuations, raising fears it may be planning an attack on Iran Tibet is burning What compels a Buddhist nun to burn herself alive?
 Nature Studies by Michael McCarthy Exhausted, deforested landscapes show the truth about overpopulation
 Chinese hospital staff dispose of live baby  'If justice doesn't start now, Libya will become a second Afghanistan'  As Libyans begin to enjoy their newfound freedom, the country faces a myriad of problems in the months ahead. A former exiled Libyan tells Deutsche Welle about the dangers of Libya turning into the next Afghanistan. The infant mortality rate in India's capital city and its environs rose 18.5% between 2009 and 2010 due to a collapse of the public health system. Chinese mine owners exploit Zambian workers, says rights group  Human Rights Watch accuses Chinese owners of endangering Zambian miners.
 Greece's Leader Kills Referendum  Pakistan Carts Its Nukes Around In Delivery Vans Piracy is NOT Theft Problems of a Nonsense Metaphor Ugandan journalist fights for gay rights Homosexuals in Uganda risk being discriminated against, beaten up and raped. Lillian is a Ugandan journalist, who has been granted asylum in Germany. She was lucky, as many asylum applications are denied.  Internet privacy as important as human rights, says UN's Navi Pillay | Navi Pillay compares uproar over mass surveillance to response that helped defeat apartheid during Today programme In a message broadcast on British television, Edward J. Snowden, the former American security contractor, urged an end to mass surveillance, arguing that the electronic monitoring he has exposed surpasses anything imagined by George Orwell in 1984, a dystopian vision of an allknowing state Reddit's /r/NorthKoreaNews raised over $2500 to rescue a North Korean refugee on a modern underground railroad Egypt names Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group  Egypt's militarybacked interim government has declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group, a dramatic escalation that gives authorities more power in cracking down on them. Police open fire on protesters in Bangkok. 96 injured. Judge Rules That NSA Can Only Spy On Phone Records Of 6.7 Billion NonAmericans The body of a Mapuche Indian leader has been found in Chile, floating in the reservoir she spent a decade trying to prevent from being created Hong Kong confirms first death from H7N9 bird flu Bletchley Park accused of airbrushing Edward Snowden from history. NSA whistleblower omitted from new exhibition on cyber security as museum says it does not want to be seen to back his actions Egyptian government Declares the Muslim Brotherhood 'a terrorist organization' Flesheating piranhas inflict deep wounds on 60 Christmas Day swimmers. Large sharks to be baited, killed, and dumped offshore to keep Western Australian beaches safe. At least 15 rare Indian bisons have mysteriously died in Thailand's national park the past few days  Food poisoning considered likeliest cause. They are among the largest living land animals. Pope To Atheists We Need Your Help New Zealand is not as clean and pure as the NZ Gov would have you think  1 in 3 NZ beaches are too polluted to swim in, and the government whilst knowing about it, have the attitude that people should just use the clean beaches rather than them doing anything about the pollutants. Snowden Says Surveillance Worse Than Orwells 1984 Envisioned A pensioner who took out a newspaper advert to avoid spending Christmas alone for the 10th year in a row enjoyed the occasion in the company of a couple who read about his plight. Saudi activist could be executed for alleged apostasy Chinesemade computer input system banned in Japanese government agencies Cryptolocker ransomware has 'infected about 250,000 PCs'.... Egypt names Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group Exposed BitTorrent Pirates at the European Parliament, And More Unexpected Places Government Shakedown in Turkey Floods leave 50,000 Brazilians homeless BBC News  Edward Snowden Christmas message End mass surveillance A senior Indian police officer was on Friday night forcibly dumped into an insane asylum after claiming the cheif minister was corrupt. British student fights extradition to US over TVShack link site His attorney argued that O'Dwyer should not be sent to the US because operating a link site, which links to copies of copyrighted movies but does not actually host them, is not a crime under British law One day, dinner with a 16year old Pakistani kid at event to explain US drone policy. Next day, kid killed by drone strike. Anonymous calls off outing of cartel after release of kidnapped member Mexican member of Anonymous released by the Zetas drug cartel ahead of a threat by the Web group to expose details of the crime ring's activities, Mexican television reports Rhino poaching in South Africa has hit a new record high, with 341 of the animals lost to poachers so far this year as blackmarket demand for rhino horn soars, wildlife group WWF said. Global carbon dioxide output soaring US department of energy says greenhouse emissions rose six per cent in 2010, far more than recent worst case scenario. Four million migrating birds will be killed by illegal Spanish hunters this year, many dying a slow, sticky death in traps that literally glue the animals to the ground ...and sold to restaurants for tapas Increasing earthquake activity and harmonic tremors on the Canary Island of El Hierro.  Residences frightened, running out of food.  Landslides happening.  Beginnings of a major eruption? John R. Opel, Who Made I.B.M. a Colossus, Dies at 86. Interns work  and should be paid, lawyers warn ministers. Government legal advice suggests employers are breaking law by not following national minimum wage rules A onemonth old baby, said to hold a diploma, was on the Nigerian government payroll, officials have discovered, exposing the levels to which corruption runs in Africa's most populous country. Ireland closes its Vatican mission following sex scandals, filling its luxurious Vatican embassy with Italian ambassadorial staff instead. 24 Hours at Fukushima, A blowbyblow account of the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl European Union we'll make UK cut bank bonuses Farc leader Alfonso Cano killed Bedouin battle to stay in their villages ends in rubble Swimming Naked In China  
Its obvious that high economic growth has concealed many highrisk and illegal activities and practices that may have bolstered growth, but also sowed the seeds for financial mass destruction. Here's what China has been hiding Contingency plan  If Syria was serious when it signed an agreement with the Arab League to call off its troops and enter into negotiations with the opposition, it has a funny way of showing it.

Already since Wednesday, 40 prodemocracy protesters have died at the hands of security forces

 Pakistan lies. It hosted Osama bin Laden. Its government is barely functional. It hates the democracy next door. It is home to both radical jihadists and a large and growing nuclear arsenal. Its intelligence service sponsor attacks on American troops. With a friend like this, who needs enemies? Greece prepares for departure of George Papandreou  Greece's new leader is likely to be Evangelos Venizelos, who has been reassuring eurozone leaders on bailout crisis BBC News  Nigeria Boko Haram attack kills 63 in Damaturu Anonymous says Facebook attack was never real. The Privileges of Chinas Elite Include Purified Air Saudi Arabia marks first day of Hajj  Security becomes logistical challenge as millions of Muslims make pilgrimage to Islam's holiest site. Libraries in Canada holding irreplaceable scientific data and books being quietly dismantled under the Harper government. Kim Jongun tells North Korean army to ready for combat Secret 'proJapanese' family history of North Korean leader Kim Jongun revealed; makes him liable for execution as per Korean law for being the criminals third generation Pope Francis has addressed his first Christmas message to every man or woman who hopes for a better world, who cares for others while humbly seeking to do his or her duty. Imprisoned Pussy Riot members underwent daily forced gynecological examinations Edward Snowden to broadcast Channel 4's alternative Christmas Day message NSA whistleblower records message from Russia, filmed by Laura Poitras, warning of the dangers of a loss of privacy 43 brave Indian soldiers held back 2000strong mob in South Sudan. Go away Cameron! Browser extension bypasses UK govts porn filter New Tapir Species Discovered in Amazon Rainforest of Brazil & Colombia  It's the 1st tapir discovery since 1865 & 1st time in 100 yrs a new species has been found in the Perissodactyla order, which includes rhinos, & horses. Antarctic Expedition Scientists Trapped in Ice, Sends Distress Call  Team retracing footsteps of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition of 1911. A Chinese ship is closest & will take over a day to reach them some 1,500 nautical miles. French, Antarctic, & Australian icebreakers also on way. Antigovernment Activist Beaten in Ukraine  A crusading antigovernment journalist and activist in Ukraine, who became famous last year after documenting the opulence of the heavily guarded residential compound of President Viktor F. Yanukovich, was savagely beaten early Wednesday morning. Billiondollar climate denial network exposed (Wired UK) Uruguay President Mujica Signs Marijuana Law Turkish economy, interior, environment ministers resign amid graft scandal Syria's minority Christians under threat from extremist Muslim rebels  Once a safe haven for Middle Eastern Christians, Syria has become a place where Christians are targeted for kidnapping and murder. Vatican to open poignant ancient Roman cemetery  An ancient Roman cemetery discovered under a Vatican City car park 60 years ago is to be opened to the public early in 2014. Turkish Environment Minister announces resignation, calls on PM Erdogan to quit Turkish interior and economy ministers resign after sons are charged in corruption scandal Three Turkish Ministers Step Down Amid Graft Inquiry Woman sentenced to 30 years in prison for picking mushrooms with her husband. Thailand. Border police find secret smuggling tunnel in Hong Kong Go Away Cameron UK's porn filters foiled by Chrome extension (Wired UK) Pollution for Shanghais Christmas Heavilypolluted air is expected to greet Christmas today with the Shanghai Environmental Monitoring Center forecasting an air quality index of between 220 and 240. Russia's Supreme Court on Wednesday said it will review two convictions against former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky, including a ruling the Kremlin critic said was preventing him from returning to Russia despite a presidential pardon. We counted ourselves and found we were 252. Then they put guns in through the windows and started to shoot us.  The Guardian reports from South Sudan on the brutal and sudden descent into civil war. Wikileaks' Julian Assange loses extradition appeal In anticipation of a coup, Greece's prime minister fires all head military leadership New Documents Shows News Corp. Approved $1.2 Million Payoff After Learning of Fatal Evidence Plane carrying 230 passengers crash lands in Warsaw Israel rushes settlement growth after Unesco accepts Palestinians Paris offices of French magazine which published edition 'edited by Prophet Muhammad' damaged by petrol bomb
  Julian Assange will on wednesday learn the verdict in his fight against his extradition to Sweden
 Canada cuts its 10M$ yearly contribution to UNESCO Japanese MP nervously drinks Fukushima water under pressure from journalists Netanyahu trying to persuade cabinet to support attack on Iran
 India plans 'safer' nuclear plant powered by thorium Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu Considers PreEmptive Attack On Iran To Prevent Nuclear Capability | World News | Sky News Hacker Group Backs Away From Threat To Mexican Cartel Canada Freezes Voluntary Contributions to UNESCO After Palestine Vote Israel to speed up settlement construction in Jerusalem, West Bank  CNN.com The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has thrown his weight behind the St Pauls Cathedral anticapitalist protesters as he called for a new tax on banks.  Telegraph Anonymous retreats from Mexico drug cartel confrontation Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou insists that a referendum on a EU bailout will go ahead despite turmoil on world markets and stunned reactions from other eurozone countries. French magazine attacked after it portrays Mohammed
| Reuters

 Kyrgyzstan's election winner says US air base poses risk, must shut by 2014 after lease ends Arab League set to announce plan to end Syrian uprising   President Bashar alAssad's government has reportedly agreed to a plan to end the Syrian uprising. Leaked details include the release of all political prisoners, a new constitution, and free elections. Libya Al Qaeda flag flown above Benghazi courthouse Fukushima suffers setback as officials detect signs of nuclear fission. Traces of radioactive gas are detected at Fukushima's No 2 reactor  one of three that suffered core meltdown. Israel test fires missile; Iran in crosshairs Israel 'punishes' Palestinians over UNESCO Uruguays neighbor Argentina now considering marijuana legalization Renowned rifle inventor Mikhail Kalashnikov dies at 94 Richard Branson Boycott Uganda over gay rights  UK business tycoon Richard Branson has called on companies and tourists to boycott Uganda after its parliament approved a bill to toughen the punishment for homosexual acts. Alan Turing Pardoned Edward Snowden, after months of NSA revelations, says his missions accomplished Israel launches airstrike in Gaza Strip in retaliation for deadly shooting Surgeon suspended over claims he branded patients liver with his own initials. Egypt declares Muslim Brotherhood 'terrorist' group Edward Snowden I already won Lung Cancer A Cloud on China's Polluted Horizon  China's doctors are starting to speak of link between air pollution & lung cancer. Youngest known patient is 8yrold girl in Jiangsu. Another is 14yrold of Shanghai, daughter of nonsmokers with no family history of lung cancer. The NSA has granted the Swedish FRA access to one of the most controversial systems in its global mass surveillance. Called Xkeyscore, the system makes it possible to monitor millions of people worldwide. On Friday, Reuters reported that RSA entered into a secret contract to make DUAL_EC_PRNG the default random number generator in the BSAFE toolkit. DUA_EC_PRNG is now known to have been backdoored by the NSA  Yesterday, RSA denied it GlaxoSmithKline Forced To Stop Paying Doctors To Promote Drugs After Major Bribery Investigation China's central bank has been forced to pump nearly $50 billion into the financial system to prevent a second damaging cash crunch this year. Poachers Kill 3 of Malawis Rare Black Rhinos  Wire snares & traps set by poachers cost Malawian National Parks 3 Critically Endangered Black Rhinoceros reintroduced 20 yrs ago after the species was declared extinct. Lack of a fence, not built due to financial scandal, let poachers enter. Germanys Largest Utility Ditches 2 LongTerm Contracts for Coal Power  The move could signal yet another shift in Germany's power mix, as renewables boom & expected electricity prices for 2014 drop. U.S. Marines poised to enter South Sudan BP Geologist  we are pretty much at peak today... expect more famine, more drought, more resource wars and a steady inflation in the energy cost of all commodities. WalMart in China accused of passing off fox meat as donkey meat UN finds mass grave with 75 bodies in South Sudan Inventor of Kalashnikov rifle dies Alan Turing, the World War Two codebreaker who later killed himself after receiving a criminal conviction for his homosexuality, is granted a Royal pardon by the Queen South Sudan sees 'mass ethnic killings Obama to make a definitive statement on NSA spying in January Thyroid Cancers Surge Among Fukushima Youths Germany is planning a direct rail link between Frankfurt and London Journey time under 4 hours. Oktoberfest 2010  The Big Picture [pics] Vatican Bank investigated over moneylaundering Kim Jongil dictatorship could end within days In Sicily, Defying the Mafia  Organised public resistance to Sicily's Cosa Nostra now possible, even successful. Confiscated Mafia assets used for social projects.  In his recent autobiography, Tony Blair expresses regret at introducing a freedom of information regime, saying there is no description of stupidity, no matter how vivid, that is adequate. That should be enough to convince anybody that it was a good idea. Why It's OK To Negotiate With the IRA but Not Hamas?  Oil jackpot in Greenland. A sad day for sustainable energy and the environment in general, since this heralds a golden age for Arctic offshore drilling. Delhi Commonwealth Games Village Leaves Competitors `Shocked'  Bloomberg Persecuted journalists in Mexico vow to continue covering the drug violence India Commonwealth Games bridge collapses Vatican Bank Tied to Money Laundering Scandal Reform On The Range Cubans Heed The Call To Farm  Having this land, you realize how productive it can be, Pena says. When you're growing your own food, you have independence, and that gives you a sense of security. Vatican perplexed by money laundering probe The SevenHeaded President 
Switzerland Celebrates Europe's Strangest System of Government South Korea Considering Underwater HighSpeed Rail Tunnels to China and Japan  High speed rail network extends into central China Nine Nato troops killed in helicopter crash. Nine Nato troops have died in a helicopter crash, making 2010 the deadliest year yet for coalition troops in Afghanistan.  India's Unfolding Intifada in Kashmir North Korea to Hold Party Congress to Choose Leaders Next Week Cliches of the Century 
Ten easy ways to illustrate China vs. India  and miss the point entirely Afghan families have many reasons for pretending their girls are boys, including economic need, social pressure to have sons, and in some cases, a superstition that doing so can lead to the birth of a real boy. Nothing sexy about Amsterdam's Red Light district  Kremlin vs. Moscow Mayor  
Dirty Power Struggle Could Backfire on Medvedev 280 crocodiles escape  Iran claims to have proof of USled terror plots, plans to expose it Six police officers who used baseball bats to smash 
up a suspect's car WILL keep their jobs. In 2002, 26 men bought and, to preserve her virginity, anally raped  a 13 year old girl in Mardin. After eight years, Turkish court rules minimum penalty on the grounds that she consented to the act.  Over the last two decades, thanks largely to government policy, the poverty rate in Brazil has halved. With this, income inequality has also fallen sharply. Greek government on brink of collapse


 Greece will be cut adrift if bailout is refused, says EU Human rights groups have presented evidence that the bodies of African refugees have been found in the Sinai desert with organs missing Russia's shrinking population mars Putin's superpower ambitions  Despite Putin's efforts, Russian men die young and women have too few babies. Here's why that matters.
 Palestine to sign a free trade agreement with Latin America's most powerful trade organization, the Mercosur, which includes Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay. Following up on its takedown of a Torbased child pornography host, a group within the Anonymous hacktivist group has published the IP addresses of 190 alleged pedophiles Ordinary Greeks Are Taking Matters Into Their Own Hands  
Grassroots refusal to put up with austerity is quickly gaining momentum, as people give up on mainstream politics News of the World phone hacking number of possible victims is almost 5,800, police confirm Murdoch writes off $91m for shutting News of the World in hacking scandal Study Deepens Mystery of Arsenic in Bengal Basin's Groundwater  This is one of the worst mass poisoning cases in this history of mankind, says geologist.  It's caused a water shortage, illness, & death in a region of over 60,000,000, leaving them unable to use the water even for washing dishes. Fracking company in UK  we caused 50 tremors in Blackpool  but we're not going to stop Egyptian junta pledges to free hundreds after damning prison letter is published Palestinians militants open fire, launch mortar shells at IDF force working on fence in northern Gaza Strip Britain is reportedly moving to support a US strike on Iran, while a poll shows many Israelis in favor of a strike by their country Greece Wont Hold Referendum on Bailout, Finance Minister Venizelos Says Syria Military tanks open fire in Homs in defiance of peace accord, killing 7 civilians Japanese government wants to build backup of Tokyo Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou appears to heading for defeat in a vote of confidence after mounting opposition within his own party to a surprise referendum call on the EU bailout plan. China's great gender crisis  Chinese families have long favoured sons over daughters, meaning the country now has a huge surplus of men. Is it also leading to a profound shift in attitudes to women? Tanks mounted with machineguns have opened fired in the Syrian city of Homs, activists have reported.  Despite plan to end bloodshed Greek crisis Papandreou 'to offer to resign'
 Israel to shift tax burden to the rich and corporations Israel's protest movement celebrates its first tangible success.
 S. Korea Plans $50B Fund for Reunification China to assemble a permanent space station in ten years! Israel punishes Palestinians for Unesco membership Withholding tax revenues and accelerating settlement construction  But it's Palestines bid for membership that will kill peace talks. Palestinians hit by cyberattack following success at UNESCO US soldier jailed for raping South Korean teenager Syria has been planting landmines along the country's border with Lebanon as Syrian refugees leave the country to escape the government's crackdown against protesters Hacking Update News Of the World Lawyer Warned Email Was Fatal To Our Case Ahead Of Crucial James Murdoch Meeting   China 'targeted 48 chemical and military companies in hacking attack'   Attacks are latest in a long line of internet hacks aimed at industrial and military targets traced back to China
 A 5YearOld Girl Is Dying in Brazil Because Insurance Refuses to Pay for US$10,000 Surgery  The father of a girl who narrowly escaped Norway's summer massacre is campaigning for the country to ban Call of Duty.  Inflation grips China.  The $600 billion stimulus launched in 2008 is all but spent. They've stopped paying migrant workers, with more cuts on the way. Nearly half of China's wealthiest citizens are considering emigrating, with the United States and Canada the most popular destinations, according to a new report from the authors of China's rich list. Displacement of Palestinians 'a war crime' BBC News  Israel to speed up settler homes after Unesco vote Markets Slide After Surprise Referendum Is Set by Greece Occidental Petroleum Corp. gave millions of dollars to the Colombian army unit that carried out the coldblooded murder of three union activists Libya elects littleknown scientist new prime minister
| Reuters

 Law firm documents add to heat on James Murdoch Japanese MP drinks decontaminated water Protesters gather in southern France for G20  Security tightened in city of Nice as anticapitalism activists rally on eve of gathering of top world leaders. Live coverage of significant new evidence about the News of the World phonehacking scandal that is emerging from a tranche of documents published by the culture select committee European shares tumble on Greek referendum news Ai Weiwei ordered to pay $2.2m in taxes Israel approves ground operations in Gaza Dutch company plans colony on Mars. The one way trip only takes seven months! The world's political leaders are failing catastrophically to address the climate crisis. History will not understand or forgive them. Confirmed US, Israel created Stuxnet, lost control of it Troubled Greece Greece is broke and close to being broken. It is a country where children are fainting in school because they are hungry, where 20,000 Athenians are scavenging through waste tips for food, and where the lifeblood of a modern economy  credit  is fast drying up. U.N. takeover of the Internet must be stopped, U.S. warns AP 'napalm girl' photo from Vietnam War turns 40 Anxious Spaniards withdraw billions from banks China faces worst security breach in decades as official arrested on suspicion of being a U.S. spy sources Chevron Sued in Canada by Ecuadorans Over Pollution in Rain Forest Ecuadorans, who've waged a bitter legal battle against Chevron, sued in Canada in an attempt to seize $18 billion of the oil giants assets, after Chevron refused to pay a verdict against it in their homeland From now on, in India sex under the age of 18 is forbidden  consensus or no consensus notwithstanding Canada withdraws from UN body, accuses it of making Mugabe tourism ambassador Luka Magnotta wanted for murder after killing man on camera with an ice pick, performing sexual acts with the corpse, then beheading the victim. He then mailed a hand and a foot to parts of the Canadian government.  Egypt lifts emergency martial law that has been in place for 30 years Woman sentenced to death by stoning in Sudan  Young woman held in a Khartoum prison with her baby son sentenced to be stoned to death for adultery. International manhunt started for murderer/cannibal Luka Magnotta Fossil fuel subsidies must end, says Indian microfinance firm  Awardwinning organisations urge global leaders to concentrate on renewable energy and stop subsidising fossil fuels
 Russia's New Propaganda Minister Alters History Editors Of The Guardian And The New York Times Would Back Julian Assange If Prosecuted By U.S. Government. Also Thinking Of Launching WikiLeaksstyle Operations Of Their Own. 12 Syrian workers ordered off a bus, then shot dead. Rebels blame Assad forces, Syrian media blame terrorists. World stock markets plunge as global crisis deepens In Thailand, if you insult the King online you can go to jail for up to twenty years. One women was arrested because she did not delete an online comment someone made about the King fast enough. She did not even make the comment.  Edmonton (Canada) teacher suspended for giving zeros Irish voters back EU fiscal pact with 60.3% in favour   Voters in the Republic of Ireland have approved the EU fiscal pact, according to official results. Syria Blames Rebels for Massacre  
A Syrian official inquiry into the Houla massacre blames the atrocities on rebels trying to provoke international intervention Israel and its black immigrants 
Keep out. Racial tension is rising as black asylumseekers pour in Family gives up fight against pedophile cop after fighting for 20 years. Malawi's new president sells off presidential jet and 60 Mercedes  Joyce Banda, Malawi's new president, has announced the presidential jet and fleet of 60 Mercedes limousines would be sold in a move applauded by a British cabinet minister as an example to other African leaders.  Western banks 'reaping billions from Colombian cocaine trade' A passenger plane with at least 150 on board has crashed into a twostory building in the Nigerian city of Lagos Violent clashes have broken out in Germany between the supporters and opponents of the neoNazi movement. Hamburg police have detained over 700 people after the demonstrators started throwing projectiles, injuring several officers. Swarms of Spiders Invade Town, Kill 2  '...spiders suddenly descended from nowhere & started biting the people.'  Some victims say the spiders latched onto them after biting. It's similar to the tarantula, but it could be a whole new species. Shooting at Toronto's Downtown Eaton Centre Pope Benedict got no rest on Sunday [3 June 2012] from a leaks scandal when an Italian newspaper published documents showing that his butler was not the only person in possession of confidential correspondence indicating a Vatican in disarray. Hundreds Protest Plan to Curb Abortion in Turkey  
Prime ministers plan to ban abortion after 4 weeks from conception.  Women carrying banners reading my body, my choice & shouting antigovernment slogans march in Istanbul
 Israel Deploys Nuclear Weapons on German Submarines  SPIEGEL ONLINE George Soros, the billionaire investor, has warned Germany it has three months to save the eurozone or risk the destruction of the European Union and a lost decade.  Saudi princess tried to leave luxury hotel without paying Cubatrained doctors making difference around the world Vatican leaks Why is the Pope's butler in a cell beneath the fortress? SAS frees all four hostages in daring Afghanistan raid 'The Vatican is in a sense almost perpetually enmeshed in scandals, because it continues to act like a kingdom,' says John Stackhouse . . . 'It might have made sense at one point in history for the pope to also be a prince, but whenever you're involved in politics or business, things get messy.' Man charged with hiding dirty needles in store clothing. Germany gets first ever black mayor; His father 
was AfricanAmerican soldier  Iran building new space center for launching satellites into orbit, says defense minister Hosni Mubarak's sentence  initial euphoria at the historic verdict  the first time an Arab leader has ever been deposed, tried and convicted by his own people  quickly gave way to confusion and then fury on the streets as full details of the court judgement emerged. 30bn bill to purify UK water system after toxic impact of contraceptive pill. Drug firms oppose an EU call for controls on potent chemicals that have been blamed for the gender mutation of freshwater fish
 1 dead, 7 hurt in shooting at downtown Toronto mall Syria's Assad says he's like a surgeon saving patient. BBC News  Protests erupt in Egypt over Hosni Mubarak verdicts Tibetan selfimmolations are a brutal protest to Chinese rule Hosni Mubarak, former Egyptian president, gets life in prison. Google tells Chinese when they're being censored Illegal FileSharing Chips Away At North Korean Propaganda 'According to a new report, the sharing of pirate TV shows and music among the citizens of the country is challenging the DPRK regimes depiction of the outside world.' WORLD BANK BOSS We're Headed For Impending Catastrophe  A Rerun Of Great Panic Of 2008 Hosni Mubarak 'has a heart attack' while taken to prison [Israel] UltraOrthodox Jewish vandals have severely damaged a 1600yearold mosaic located in an ancient synagogue. World cancer cases to rise by 75 percent by 2030 The Vatican's justice system harks back to medieval times and is unlikely to provide the pope's butler with fair treatment after his arrest for leaking confidential documents, according to a French lawyer involved in a previous case in the Holy See. Warnings about Flame virus come amid suspicions of US role in launching secret cyberweapons. White House refuses to discuss Virus.  Azerbaijan Thwarts Massive Islamist Attack On Eurovision Singing Contest, 40 Arrested Along With Weapons Cache, Plotters Trained In Pakistani Jihadist Camps Kofi Annan warns of 'allout' war in Syria Peace envoy tells meeting of Arab League members that the conflict is taking sectarian dimension, amid renewed violence A bear ate the corpse of a convicted killer in a wooded area of Canada, according to authorities. Trilliondollar plan to build Starship Enterprise Bear eats a murderer in Canada.  A series of leaks rocks the Vatican as allegations of corruption and internal conflicts emerge Srebrenica 'not genocide'  Serbia's President Nikolic BBC News  Thousands of Sudanese 'flee to South Sudan' Myanmar has abandoned research on a nuclear program that never progressed very far, and has stepped back from close military and political ties with North Korea, the Southeast Asian country's defense minister said on Saturday. London Met police accused of racism 51 times in last two months  Serbian president denies Srebrenica genocide Newly elected Tomislav Nikolic says 'grave war crimes' by Serbs took place but not genocide, angering Bosnian leadership. How Islamophobes Launched a National Debate Recent German Debate on Islam Triggered by Tiny antiMuslim Party No breathing room for Spain  Spain is one of the favorites at this summer's European soccer championships, but the country is fighting for survival economically. Madrid could soon be calling for help from the European Union.  Copyright Board of Canada (SOCAN) charging tarrifs for music played at weddings Egypt's Hosni Mubarak sentenced to life in prison Big Ben to be renamed Elizabeth Tower in honor of Queen ELizabeth Norway goes secular, removes Lutheran Church as state religion Busloads of unemployed UK residents brought in to work as unpaid stewards during the diamond jubilee celebrations and then told to sleep under London Bridge South Korea surrenders to creationist demands Publishers set to remove examples of evolution from highschool textbooks A giant squid, one of the most mysterious and least understood of marine creatures, has been found floating off the New South Wales [Australia] south coast. Moscow  18 year old female protestor , arrested during mass protest potentially faces 8 years in prison. China tells US to stop reporting Beijing's bad air Germany has indicated that it is prepared to accept a grand bargain that would provide greater support for its most indebted euro zone partners in exchange for more centralized control over government spending in Europe. Nearly half of Germans want Greece to leave euro
 When Sandra Tamari arrived at Israel's international airport, she received an unusual request A security agent pushed a computer screen in front of her, connected to Gmail and told her to log in. Egyptian women were doing better under Mubarak. Syria declares Western ambassadors unwelcome Iraqi architects and historians have decried official neglect of historical buildings nationwide, many of which have fallen into disrepair and disuse, and called for greater attention to be paid to them. 'Vampire' skeletons found in Bulgaria near Black Sea Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes. Pakistan on Monday strongly condemned a jump in U.S. drone strikes on its territory, using language that could increase tension between strategic allies already in dispute over military supply routes for NATO that Pakistan has closed. Syria bans US and European diplomats Azerbaijan accuses Armenia of killing five soldiers Top alQaeda strategist may have been killed in a drone strike in Pakistan  Breivik Judge Caught Playing Solitaire In Court. Vatican secretary of state says Pope Benedict XVI victim of 'ferocious' attacks  New photos emerge of Tiananmen Square just after 1989 massacre
 Four African migrants have been hurt in a suspected arson attack in Jerusalem Spain says markets shutting it out, seeks EU help for banks
| Reuters Satellite images indicate buildings are being demolished and soil removed at Parchin, an Iranian military site the U.N. nuclear watchdog wants to visit, its chief said on Monday. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has promised to step up efforts to deter, detain and deport illegal migrants to Israel, as tensions mounted over an influx of asylum seekers from Africa. China tells US to stop tweets on Beijing's bad air Eduard Khil ('Trololo Guy') dies in St. Petersburg, aged 77 Copyright Board of Canada recently approved new fees to play recorded music at large gatherings, including weddings  fewer than one hundred people, the fees start at $9.25 per day  400 guests will cost them $27.76. If dancing is involved, that fee doubles to $55.52


 Brazilian farmers sue Monsanto Five million farmers are locked in a lawsuit with USbased biotech giant, suing for as much as 6.2 billion euros Luka Magnotta arrested in Berlin German Police Quebec bangs pots and pans in growing protests  What started as a march against university tuition hikes has grown beyond students as the government moves to muzzle protest. Now even saucepanwielding grannies are up in arms.
 China arrests activists to prevent commemoration of 
the Tiananmen Square anniversary. Chevron still refusing to pay for Ecuador spill 'The company's Ecuadorean opponents has moved the case to Canada, a country whose court system enjoys a rocksolid reputation.' US drone strike 'kills 15' in Pakistan Breivik judge caught playing cards during trial Luka Magnotta, the Canadian bodyparts suspect, has been arrested in Berlin. Vatican criticizes American nun's book on sexuality, says she has defective understanding. North Korea's 'open ultimatum' to blow up Seoul |
			News.com Kuwaiti gets 10 years in prison for insulting the Prophet Mohammad and the Sunni Muslim rulers of Saudi Arabia and Bahrain on Twitter ACTA lives or dies with the vote in the European Parliament After rejections by the three first committees in the European Parliament, things are looking hopeful to prevent this middlemenregime treaty from ever becoming reality. But were not there yet Bomb hits Shi'ite site in Baghdad, 23 killed Tokyo gas attack suspect arrested after 17 years on run Jerusalem apartment housing migrants firebombed amid rising Israeli sentiment against 'illegal infiltrators' Thousands flee Mexico's epicenter of marijuana and poppy production  No debt repayments, higher salaries and freedom from EUIMF tutelage Greece under the radical leftists, who are poised to win a June 17 [2012] election, seems a world removed from its current recession nightmare. 8 killed in attack at Mexico rehab center 23 years ago today, the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) violently cleared Beijing's Tiananmen Square of protesters. Here are 50 pictures from The Atlantic's In Focus photojournalism site documenting it. Solarpowered plane attempts first intercontinental flight  Many have wondered for years about the exact capabilities of the submarines Germany exports to Israel. Now, experts in Germany and Israel have confirmed that nucleartipped missiles have been deployed on the vessels. And the German government has long known about it. As United States and Western nations pull out, China seeks role in Afghanistan Thousands Continue Protest in Montreal after Government, Student Talks Fail Nobel Peace Prize Winners Want Barack Obama to Release Torture Report Heroin use is so high in Myanmar that syringes now serve as currency  Along parts of the MyanmarChina border, where heroin addiction is appallingly common, fresh needles are now so coveted that shopkeepers dispense them as change. Pope says evolution doesn't mean there's no God; In an address to the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, the Pope explains that God is not some sort of wizard. North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un Purges 10 Officials From His Ruling Workers Party for Watching South Korean Soap Operas, Yonhap Says 90% of journalists' murderers across the world get away with it  report ANYONE who forces a child to wear a burqa in public could be jailed for a year and fined $68,000, under a draft law to be introduced by Jacqui Lambie. Mexico unearths 'second mass grave' US banks vow not to fund Great Barrier Reef coal port  US banking giants Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, & JPMorgan Chase are latest big financiers to rule out funding a major coal port expansion in Queensland, activists say Fiveyearolds learn coding as Britain eyes digital future Nigeria sues CocaCola for halffilled cans In historic Ukraine election, the Communist Party fails to gain a single Parliament seat Japanese scientists warn that volcano near a nuclear power plant is ready to erupt Irish politician to take abortion pill in Dublin in defiance of Republics ban U.S. says Israel's decision to push forward housing plan in East Jerusalem is 'incompatible with peace' EU says future ties with Israel hinge on engagement to peace based on two states Russia to recognize election results of separatist Ukraine regions Ethiopia ruthlessly targeting and torturing Oromo people, says Amnesty | Damning report says thousands of people from countrys largest ethnic group subjected to abuse including rape and killings 1,800 radical German Muslims now in Syria, Iraq Three lawyers in Saudi Arabia have been handed prison sentences of up to eight years for criticizing the countrys judiciary on social media. Netanyahu Israel will build in all of Jerusalem Protection plan 'will not save Great Barrier Reef' John Tory elected as Toronto's new mayor, replacing Rob Ford U.S. and Israeli defense chiefs agree on deal for second F35 squadron Claims emerge of 'secret sex room' at top Jakarta school Lloyds Bank confirms 9,000 job losses and branch closures 4 Banks, Including JPMorgan, Fined in Europe Over Cartel Behavior For 23rd time, U.N. nations urge end to U.S. embargo on Cuba Scientists Discover Huge Bathtub Ring Of Oil On Sea Floor From BP Spill Mexico Is Ready to Explode Fifty thousand marchers thronged Mexico City's main avenues last Wednesday, and demonstrations took place all over the country... protesters set fire to state headquarters in Chilpancingo, Guerrero's capital, and are sacking supermarkets and shopping centers Poor Countries Tap Renewables at Twice the Pace of Rich  Clean energy is the lowcost option in a lot of these countries, Zindler said by telephone. The technologies are costcompetitive right now. Not in the future, but right now. Around 100,000 Hungarians rally for democracy as internet tax hits nerve Most Canadians Say Environment Trumps Energy Prices. And more than half, or 53 percent of respondents, said the government should impose a new tax on businesses based on their carbon emissions Russia offers the US help with space station after rocket explodes Tasmanias AntiProtest Law is One of the WorstDrafted Pieces of Legislation Ive Seen, Former Supreme Court Justice Says  Mining, agriculture, construction, & forestry are being protected from protesters by the state govt 'British Schindler' aged 105, who saved 669 children from the Nazi's, awarded White Lion honour in Prague today. German exports to Russia have collapsed by more than 25% Germany develops 'smart factories' to keep an edge Germany is building completely automated smart factories that require no human workers. ISIS spotted with advanced antiaircraft missile systems, raising threat to US air campaign. India uncovers suspected plot to assassinate Bangladeshi PM Security officials Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is a chickenshit prime minister, a senior U.S. official has told Jeffrey Goldberg of The Atlantic. Pope says he's not Communist, just following Gospel. President of Zambia dies in London hospital Secular party set to win Tunisia elections Abbot Point Dumping Spoil in Wetlands Study Not Needed, Environmental Minister Greg Hunt Says  Environmental assessment will instead use paperwork from old plan to dump it on Great Barrier Reef. Accused of fasttracking project in internationally significant Caley Valley wetlands. Up to 200 Syrian rebels from the Free Syrian Army have arrived in Kobane to help Kurdish fighters fight ISIS NASA's Antares rocket explodes shortly after launch Egyptian authorities on Tuesday ordered residents living along the country's eastern border with the Gaza Strip to evacuate so they can demolish their homes and set up a buffer zone to stop weapons and militant trafficking between Egypt and the Palestinian territory, officials said. Egypt begins work on demolishing hundreds of homes to create Gaza buffer zone Erdogan to unveil Turkey's controversial new presidential palace. An immense project built at a reported cost of $350 million, it has an area of 200,000 square metres, 1,000 rooms and architecture that is supposed to marry modernism and the traditions of the mediaeval Seljuk dynasty. Fewer Russians Ready to ReElect Putin, Poll Shows British Spies Allowed to Access U.S. Data without a Warrant Panic as clown terror spreads to southern France  A wave of panic sparked by evil clowns stalking French towns has spread to the south of France where police on Saturday night arrested 14 teenagers dressed as the pranksters, carrying pistols, knives and baseball bats Indigenous Communities Take Chevron to Global Court for 'Crimes Against Humanity' Chevron has repeatedly refused to pay the $9.5 billion ordered by Ecuadorian courts and even took the step of removing most of its assets from Ecuador in an apparent effort to avoid paying President Vladimir Putin calls on Israel to halt the construction of settlements and he added that the humiliation of the Palestinian people and any other people is a source of danger and instability and must be removed with all means and ways acceptable to all parties. Registered gun owners in the United Kingdom are now subject to unannounced visits to their homes under new guidance that allows police to inspect firearms storage without a warrant Family supper of deadly pufferfish leaves 11 paralyzed and fighting for life Twentyfour European banks have failed stress tests of their finances, the European Banking Authority has announced. The banks now have nine months to shore up their finances or risk being shut down. India offers to help Pakistan eradicate polio infection Afghan mullah jailed for rape of 10yearold girl Number of Islamic extremists growing in Germany The last UK military base in Afghanistan has been handed over to the control of Afghan security forces Illusion over, France has lost unemployment battle, says Labour Minister  France India likely to strike deal with Vietnam for oil exploration Powerful New Microscope Allows Scientists To View The World Like Never Before South Korea Activists Launch AntiKim Balloons Despite Pyongyang's Threat Of War Islamic State Kurdish forces retake town near Mosul dam; Iraqi troops seize stronghold south of Baghdad Uruguay votes for new president to succeed Jose Mujica Australian surgeons perform first successful 'dead heart' transplants Army battles Islamist militants in Lebanese city of Tripoli One Million Protesters Gather in Rome Against Government's Labor Market Reforms Report Egypt to create buffer zone with Gaza Three Turkish soldiers shot dead in 'terrorist' attack New South Wales principals are being urged to monitor students' actions and consider reporting antisocial behaviour to police amid heightened fears of teenagers becoming involved with terrorist groups Ruble and rial are going to replace the US dollar in bilateral transactions between Iran and Moscow. Following attacks on its troops, Egypt indefinitely closes Rafah border crossing to Gaza Critical NASA Science Returns to Earth aboard SpaceX Dragon Spacecraft