 Norwegian Air CEO Says $69 Flights From U.S. to Europe Coming Soon 4 Russian warships launch 26 missiles against ISIS from Caspian sea Wind power is now the cheapest electricity to produce in both Germany and the U.K., even without government subsidies. Paedophile bishop escaped charges after MPs and royal family intervened, court told Teslas Hit by 180% Danish Tax on Cars as Green Goals Ditched. The threemonth old government has already said it is abandoning ambitious CO2 emissions targets and dropping plans to become fossilfuel free by 2050. Images of Pluto and Charon continue to captivate Nasa 'This world is alive'  Every week I am floored, Stern said. Nasa wont let me tell you what were going to tell you on Thursday. Its amazing. 3 scientists just won a Nobel for discovering the genetic mechanisms that explain why we dont all have cancer Doctors Without Borders Wants Independent Inquiry Into U.S. Attack On Hospital Italian priest Don Gino Flaim defends paedophiles and blames 'loveseeking children' Emails show Qadaffi son offered talks  but Clinton ordered top general to 'not take the call' Obama We Won't Turn Syria Into 'Proxy War' Between U.S. And Russia Toyota, U.S. unsure how ISIS got brand new pickup trucks Drone Drops AntiSpying Leaflets Over NSA Facility in Germany Doctors Without Borders airstrike US alters story for fourth time in four days Saudi prince now owns 5% of Twitter 3,500 ft High Glass Skywalk Cracks Under Visitors' Feet In China Landmark High Court ruling on BRCA1 gene patent as pensioner wins legal case  A 69 yearold pensioner from Australia has succeeded in a Davidand Goliath battle against a multinational corporation that claimed a patent over her genes. Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Wednesday banned any further negotiations between Iran and the United States, putting the brakes on moderates hoping to end Iran's isolation after reaching a nuclear deal with world powers in July. U.S. Investigating How ISIS Got All Those Toyota Pickups Canadas PM Stephen Harper Human Rights Issues Won't Derail Arms Sale to Saudis The world's oceans are under threat from both illegal and mass industrial fishing, in which millions of fish are caught and discarded, experts warned Tuesday Study finds that 500 biggest US companies stash $2.1 trillion in overseas tax havens; government losses $620 billion in potential taxes. David Cameron challenged over UN Human Rights deal with Saudi Arabia Zimbabwe 14 Elephants killed by cyanide poisoning Breast cancer gene BRCA1 cannot be patented, Australian High Court rules BP fined a record $20.8 billion for oil spill disaster Big U.S. firms hold $2.1 trillion overseas to avoid taxes study Former NSA boss Michael Hayden tells the BBC about Edward Snowden If youre asking me my opinion, hes going to die in Moscow. Hes not coming home. Doctors Without Borders calls US bombing of its hospital a war crime Scientists to nudge asteroid off course as practice for protecting the Earth NASA has released almost 10,000 neverbeforeseen images from the moon landings Your smartphone can be taken over with just a text, says Edward Snowden, and it could be happening right now The 2015 NobelPrize in Physics to Takaaki Kajita and Arthur B. McDonald for the discovery of neutrino oscillations, which shows that neutrinos have mass. Wildlife thriving around Chernobyl nuclear plant despite radiation  High numbers of elk, deer, boar and wolves show longterm effect of worlds worst nuclear accident is less damaging than everyday human activity, say scientists. European Court of Justice ruled Safe Harbor Agreement invalid A new species of rat has been discovered on an island in Indonesia. Scientists consider the rat so exceptional that they have described it not only as a new species but a new genus  a step up from the new species label. Ireland Millions of fish have been washed ashore on a beach in west Kerry. Peculiarly, no birds or scavengers have eaten the bodies that have been just lying on the shore, rotting, since Thursday. China is building the world's largest radio telescope to detect signs of life billions of light years away Snowden I'd go to prison to return to US Hamas suspects arrested for murder of couple in front of their children 'Hundreds' of Yazidis killing themselves in ISIS slavery China wants to speed construction of a national network to charge electric cars, to help reach an ambitious goal of 5 million green vehicles on its roads by 2020 Email to Hillary Clinton shows the US tried to cover up a WikiLeaks story on Turkey, PKK US Troops Weren't Under Fire in Afghan Hospital Airstrike Army Gen. John Campbell contradicts previous reports by his own Afghanistan command Thousands form 'living border' against refugees  People across the eastern state of Saxony took part in demonstrations against refugees being taken into Germany at the weekend, with thousands gathering on the Czech frontier to form a living border. Russian station says weather forecast excellent for bombing Syria Kremlin Says Russian Volunteer Forces Will Fight in Syria; A senior Kremlin defense official told Russian news agencies on Monday that military veterans who had fought in eastern Ukraine would likely start showing up as volunteer ground forces in Syria. Drone Flies Over NSA Complex in Germany, Dropping Leaflets Russian Air Force Strikes ISIS in AlRaqqa and East Aleppo Terrorists Suffer Heavy Casualties Saudi clerics called on Muslim countries to back holy war against Syria and its Iranian and Russian backers. France threatens to walk away from TTIP negotiations saying a total lack of transparency in TTIP talks poses a democratic problem. It's now illegal in England and Wales to smoke in cars with kids inside Russian air strikes in Syria  They didn't hit Isis', US and France say as emergency talks planned ISIS cell uncovered in northern Israel Saudi King Salman Orders the Seizure of all CCTVs in Mina Palestinian flag raised at UN for the first time ever Syrian Rebels Say Russia Is Targeting Them Rather Than ISIS US warns Russia against striking nonISIS targets in Syria US antiabortion activist Troy Newman still managed to fly to Australia but has been detained by border force in Melbourne Liberals 'committed' to legalizing cannabis Trudeau Putin Claims Russian jets killed civilians in Syria emerged before airstrikes started Abbas says Palestinians are no longer bound by the Oslo Accords with Israel Organic? No guarantee Indian organic products free from pesticides, says study Samples of veggies, fruits and organic food collected from across India show high level of contamination. Poland moves to take in ethnic Poles from former USSR Nigerian football fans set up alternative Premier League  on Twitter It started as a joke, but popularity of local tournament has grown to rival that of English Premiership Veil debate becomes big issue in Canada election, putting Conservatives into lead Iraq says would welcome Russian air strikes against IS in Iraq Record El Nio set to cause hunger for 10 million poorest, Oxfam warns Jamaica should 'move on from painful legacy of slavery', says Cameron Thai government websites hit by denialofservice attack US Department of Transportation Kuwait Airways must sell tickets to Israeli travelers if is wants to operate in the US The UN refugee agency expects at least 1.4 million refugees to flee to Europe across the Mediterranean this year and next, a sharp rise from initial estimates of 850,000. Underwater Mining in the Philippines using children Lieutenant of 'El Chapo' Guzman killed in Mexico, U.S. prosecutors reveal Half of the European Unions 28 countries and three of its regions have opted out of a new GM crop scheme, in a blow to biotech industry hopes. Under new EU rules agreed in March, 14 countries have now told Brussels they will send territorial exclusion requests to the big agricultural multinationals Mexico City mayor calls drug policy 'schizophrenic' If the US is legalizing marijuana and we're over here killing ourselves on the street over marijuana, that does not make sense, says Ebrard referring to California's efforts to decriminalize the sale and use of cannabis The world's last surviving Sikh warrior master who has devoted his life to learning an ancient martial art is  from Wolverhampton, it has emerged. Occupy Movement Chileans take to the streets with calls for a radical overhaul of the country's forprofit university system Former Israeli president Katsav loses rape appeal ... and will go to prison for seven years India court sentences 31 people to life terms for killing Muslims
 Tom Watson labels James Murdoch 'mafia boss' (VIDEO) Australia cigarette 'plain packaging' law passes Senate Tasers 'If officers have a new toy, they like using it' Africa's Western black rhino declared extinct Study finds thousands of forced marriages in Germany  The German family ministry has for the first time published a study of forced marriage in Germany. The report is based on the findings of hundreds of consultation centers across the country. Iran's Supreme Leader Warns US, Israel Against Strike  Anybody who takes up the idea of an attack on Iran, should get ready to receive a strong slap and an iron fist ;  [Iran] not a nation that only sits and watches threats coming from straw powers, which are internally eaten by worms Human Rights Watch issues report entitled Egypt Military Virginity Test Investigation a Sham ;  anonymous General tells CNN We didn't want them to say we had sexually assaulted or raped them, so we wanted to prove that they weren't virgins in the first place Uganda man jailed for killing gay activist David Kato Dan Snow test fires a machine gun from a WW2 Spitfire which has been recovered from a peat bog in Co Donegal where it had lain buried for 70 years. Roubini Italy Is Doomed And Will Exit EU Unless ECB, Germany Step In Banker Lucas Papademos  who led Greece's transition from the drachma to the euro  is named interim prime minister Officials close Great Pyramids of Giza Friday, due to widespread fears of international masonic and other rituals on 11/11/11 .  Numerologists are anxiously awaiting Friday, when the digital alignment of ones occurs at 1111 am, which some believe will lead to unusual events. EDF fined for spying on Greenpeace nuclear campaign Turkey earthquake topples hotel UK Students Fighting for 'Education for the 99%' Met With Heavy Policing 20 people arrested in the latest display of anger against the Conservativeled government's austerity measures Egypt Passengers attempted to open plane door midflight at 8,000 ft. Security onboard the Cairobound flight thwarted the attack and tied him to seat. Among the 143 passengers was Egypt's Islamic Mufti.  Suspect is disgruntled from losing his job recently. Twitter account to tweet names of Canadas 119,000 fallen soldiers Turkish police fire tear gas in quake city  How can you fire pepper spray on people who have already suffered so much? asks one survivor searching for a tent in the freezing temperature Iran nuclear report Why it may not be a gamechanger after all
 FRONTLINE Ramita Navai goes undercover for a rare look at the uprising from inside Syria. If we didnt shoot at protesters, they would shoot us, one defector told Navai. CocaCola calls for FIFA President Sepp Blatter to step down immediately. Priest and theologist of the Vatican Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith comes out as gay and with a partner Corporate tax dodging is 'corruption' World Bank chief Medical charity MSF says three of its staff were killed in a US airstrike on a clinic in the Afghan city of Kunduz Russia accuses US of 'pretending' to bomb Isis The fatal aerial bombardment Saturday of a hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz went on more than 30 minutes after officials in Washington and Kabul were informed, Doctors Without Borders said Russia finally blitzes ISIS At least 12 jihadis killed after Kremlin strikes targets near Raqqa  as fanatics hit back with 'Death to Putin' tweet and image of Moscow in flames Migrants break into Channel Tunnel, rail services disrupted McDonald's calls for FIFA President Sepp Blatter to step down immediately Saudi Arabia sinks UN war crimes probe in Yemen, Washington stays silent Mumbai Play Called off After Catholic Bishop's Conference of India and others ask for a ban on its performance, claiming it hurts their religious sentiments. If this play could be tolerated 25 years ago in India and there are issues now, what are we saying about India today. said the director. 16 Dead, 600 Missing in Guatemala Landslide Merkel urges Europe to protect external borders amid refugee crisis 'This is a major world event' The Syrian war is now fueling a 'global cold war' One day after launching a campaign of airstrikes in Syria, Russia announced that it was considering going into Iraq. Neural lace has been invented to organically connect your brain with a computer Saudi Arabia demands Russia end Syria raids, criticizes Iran The CocaCola called on Friday for FIFA's President Sepp Blatter to step down immediately following Swiss authorities saying they were opening a criminal investigation into the head of the world soccer body Cattle farmer finds Iraqi refugee crossing illegally into Canada Arab MK Temple Mount should be Jews free, Jews have no historical connection to it USFlag Cargo Ship M/V El Faro, 33 Crew Missing off Crooked Isl, Bahamas after reporting to have lost propulsion and a 15degree list. Taliban militants committed gang rapes and mass murders in Kunduz India pledges 3335% cut in carbon emission intensity by 2030. Ukraine rebels have powerful new Russianmade rockets Most of Europe will now be free of geneticallymodified crops Eight Of Iran's Women's Football Team Are Actually Men Saudi Arabia insists UN keeps LGBT rights out of its development goals  The Saudi Foreign Minister says LGBT rights are 'counter to Islamic law'  Hamburg has become the first German city to pass a law allowing the seizure of empty commercial properties in order to house migrants Five Brazilian policemen have been arrested after mobile phone footage appeared to show an officer placing a gun in the hand of a teenager they had shot dead in a Rio de Janeiro favela. Canadian Feds pennypinched on science libraries while lavishing funds on religion and oil Passenger plane reported as missing in Indonesia Belfast City Council wants people who are convicted of for animal cruelty to be registered in the same way that sex offenders are. Pope did not give unconditional support to clerk in gay marriage row Vatican Amsterdam brothel owners must speak sex workers' language Indian government built 8.9 Million (89 lakh) Public toilets in just a year Israeli couple shot dead in West Bank Half of World's Coal Output Is Unprofitable, Moody's Says Fearing Russian air strikes, Islamic State didn't hold Friday prayers, report says Fatah armed wing claims responsibility for terror attack | Abdel Qader alHusseini Brigades says deadly shooting of Eitam and Naama Henkin was a necessary action European Union countries can imprison migrants who reenter their territory after being expelled, the EU's top court ruled on Thursday in a judgment likely to be closely watched across the continent as it struggles to cope with a migration crisis. CIA pulls staff from China after US government hack Images Suggest China Is Building 1st Indigenous Aircraft Carrier Amnesty condemns Taliban's 'reign of terror' in Kunduz Mass murder, gang rapes and housetohouse searches by death squads Based on civilian testimonies, Amnesty International has catalogued a number of atrocities attributed to the Taliban in the embattled city of Kunduz. Russia's Lavrov on Syria targets 'If it looks like a terrorist, walks like a terrorist if it fights like a terrorist, it's a terrorist, right? ' Cairo University Bans Teachers From Wearing Face Veil Antiabortion activist Troy Newman to be deported after losing court bid to stay in Australia US Spent a Year Bombing Syrian Desert, Not ISIL  Russian MP Vote Compass Majority of Canadians support softer marijuana laws Netanyahu stares down UN in intense moment of silence India is teaming up with Google to have free WiFi at 500 railway stations AP At least 997 people died and 600 people remain missing in Saudi hajj disaster | Iran death toll rises to 464 b'Swedish Bank to Freeze Accounts of The Pirate Bay Admins' b'Guess who back in the TED house? Hans Rosling, with awesome new statistics! [VIDEO]' b'UK ISPs refuse to play Internet copyright cops' b'Pope demands independent Palestinian state The Holy See supports the right of your people to a sovereign Palestinian homeland in the land of your forefathers...' b'Five men beheaded in Saudi Arabia after grossly unfair trials; their crimes amounted to corruption on earth' b'The Vatican made a surprise denial today that the German pontiff had ever been a member of the Hitler Youth. ' Sri Lanka has written off thousands of its own citizens as collateral damage in its war against the LTTE.  As many as 1,000 died over the weekend; at least 50 more died today when shells struck the only hospital in the country's northern war zone. b'Guatemalan president accused of murder in video left by victim' 90 Afghan Schoolgirls Poisoned in 'Taliban Gas Attack', the third attack on a girls' school in three weeks, raising fears about increasingly vicious methods to terrorize girls. b'Measurable amounts of cocaine found in the air of Madrid and Barcelona' b'The reported suicide of a prisoner who falsely linked Saddam Hussein to Al Qaeda surprises humanrights workers and lawyers for other top terror detainees.' b'BBC Map shows only 38% of NWFP under Pak Govt control' Eyewitness Sri Lanka 'This is too much to take. Why is the world not helping?' b'Pope tell Palestinians The wall that intrudes into your territories, separating neighbors and dividing familiesthey can be taken down' b'We're facing an almost united front against the United States regarding Cuba. Every country, even those with whom we are closest, is just saying you've got to change. Hillary Clinton...(Good article about a multipolar world)' b'Holocaust Denier goes free ' b'Russia views U.S. as top security threat document' b'Why did the Irish Shareholder throw eggs at his Banks Chairman? Security Guard leading him out Because he likes chickens. Shareholder Because I can't throw my shoes!' Roxana Saberi, the journalist recently released from an Iranian prison, was convicted of spying because she had obtained a confidential report on the US war in Iraq prepared by Iran's Centre for Strategic Research. b'Pope tells Palestinians the wall that intrudes into your territories, separating neighbors and dividing families...can be taken down' b'Kremlin Battles over energy may lead to wars  The international policy in the long run will be focused on getting hold of energy sources, including in the Middle East, the Barents Sea shelf and other Arctic regions, the Caspian and Central Asia ' b'MDC activist dies from ZANUPF militia torture injuries in Zimbabwe' b'Somalia  Islamist fighters poised to topple the weak government, have government forces surrounded ' b'DataMining Predicted Swine Flu 18 Days before WHO' Scientists in Bolivia say that one of the country's most famous glaciers has almost disappeared as a result of climate change. Today, 9 October, 2015 WikiLeaks releases the final negotiated text for the TPP (TransPacific Partnership) Intellectual Property Rights Chapter. The TPP encompasses 12 nations representing more than 40 per cent of global GDP. MercedesBenz, Honda, Mazda and Mitsubishi have been found to be part of the diesel emission scandal. 2 weeks after controversial pharma CEO Martin Shkreli announced he would lower the price of Daraprim, it's the exact same price New study finds children living near the Fukushima nuclear meltdowns have been diagnosed with Thyroid cancer at a rate 20 to 50 times that of children elsewhere Obama Issues Rare Apology Over Bombing of Doctors Without Borders Hospital in Afghanistan Claims that Russian missiles hit Iran are lies and part of psychological war, says Iranian general Musa Kamali Parramatta shooting 'If you don't like Australia, leave', Muslim leader tells worshippers Saudi Arabia is responding to the recent Russian air strikes on Syria by stepping up its supplies of lethal weaponry to Syrian rebel groups The Nobel Peace Prize 2015 was awarded to National Dialogue Quartet for its decisive contribution to the building of a pluralistic democracy in Tunisia in the wake of the Jasmine Revolution of 2011. Australian mosque leader tells violent Muslims to leave country Hamas leader declares 'intifada' in the West Bank, says Gaza is prepared for confrontation, violence the only path to liberation. Saudi Arabia Continues Hiring Spree of American Lobbyists, Public Relations Experts Obama administration ends $500mn program to train Syrian rebels  report The Hajj Stampede Was Twice As Bad As Originally Thought Bavaria threatens to take German government to court over refugees The state of Bavaria threatened on Friday to take the German government to court if it fails to take immediate steps to limit the flow of asylum seekers to Germany. Norway to limit asylum grants to five years  Norways rightwing government is to limit grants of asylum to a fiveyear term, after which refugees will be automatically sent home if the situation in their country has changed for the better. Ebola detected again in Scottish nurse who first contracted the virus in December last year. Russian air strikes 'hit three medical facilities' in Syria Ancient Mars harbored longlasting lakes, boosting the odds that life could have existed on the Red Planet billions of years ago, a new study suggests. Ali Mohammed alNimr crucifixion Defiant Saudi Arabia rejects international 'interference' in protester's crucifixion China said on Friday it would not stand for violations of its territorial waters in the name of freedom of navigation, as the United States considers sailing warships close to China's artificial islands in the South China Sea HIV vaccine human trials to commence Queen of Ivory Infamous Poaching Mastermind Nabbed in Africa Manned Russian jets are stalking US Predator drones in Syria Syrian Kurdish leader Moscow wants to work with us Saudi Arabia Employer chops off hand of Indian maid for trying to escape torture Ebola countries record first week with no new cases Donald Trump goes to Scottish Supreme Court to fight the placement of a wind farm near his golf course because the 11 turbines would spoil the view. Amnesty tells the US to stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia The group cites damning evidence of war crimes involving Americanmade weapons in Yemen. New Horizons Finds Blue Skies and Water Ice on Pluto Lake in India so toxic that it froths over and occasionally bursts into flames Chinese woman with no medical degree or a PhD wins a Nobel Prize for her work in creating an antimalaria medicine Russian Offer to Share ISIL Targets With USLed Coalition Gets No Response Volkswagen's US boss has admitted he was aware early last year of the emissions cheating affecting millions of the company's vehicles. Israeli Yeshiva student critically injured after being stabbed by a young Palestinian in fourth incident in 24 hours. Calling Protesters in Chile Dumb, Pope Francis Sets Off Uproar  Pope Francis, called people in Osorno, a city in southern Chile, dumb for protesting against a bishop accused of being complicit in clerical sexual abuse. British SAS soldiers use mannequins to lure dozens of ISIS into an ambush. British prime minister David Cameron vows to shut down Islamic schools that teach hate Pentagon Says North Korea Capable of Nuclear Strike on U.S. FBI has foiled 4 attempts by gangs to sell nuclear material to ISIS through Russian connections Fifa Sepp Blatter, Michel Platini & Jerome Valcke suspended Hundreds of thousands of migrants will be deported from the EU within weeks under secret plans intended to 'deter irregular migration Mexico army boss will not allow questioning of troops in student massacre Scientists say a dramatic worldwide coral bleaching event is now underway Saudi Hajj disaster Photos suggest true death toll in thousands Italian Priest Dismissed After Blaming Children for Sexual Abuse Israeli nonprofit SpaceIL secures Moon launch for 2017 Islamic State 'used mustard gas' against peshmerga At least 30 killed after airstrikes hit wedding in Yemen, officials say Canadian and US generals discussed the possibility of fully 'integrating' the two countries' militaries b'The PirateBay launches a DDO$ attack. Wonderful, let us all join in and send a few dimes...' b'Israeli academics on the problems with Wikipedia. Furthermore, the Wikipedia entry on January's Operation Cast Lead in Gaza describes it as an intense bombardment by Israel on a civilian population.  Cause thats what it FUCKING WAS!' Change  China overtakes the US as Brazil's largest trading partner b'Legalising Drugs Lessons From Portugal' b'Video of a Guatemalan lawyer filmed the day before he was assassinated and uploaded to Youtube accuses Guatemalan president Alvaro Colom as his killer' b'The World Health Organization is investigating an Australian researchers claim that the swine flu virus circling the globe may have been created as a result of human error.' b'Cocaine Purity down, Prices up' b'Guatemala In YouTube Video Shot Before His Death, Attorney Blames President for His Assasination (With transcript in English)' b'Russian intelligence sources, however, point to a more credible cause of death linked to the fact that Kellermann appeared to have discovered that Freddie Mac had syphoned over 50 billion dollars to Zionist and Israeli interests and organizations, and he was about to become a whistleblower' 'torture tape' sheikh arrested but will probably only get a slap on the wrist b'Hersh Children sodomized at Abu Ghraib, on tape' b'Inquirer defends the indefensible A monthly column by torture architect John Yoo' b'Taliban suspected as 86 Afghan girls are hospitalised following THIRD school poisoning' b'Released pre recorded video of assassinated guatemalan Lawyer blaming the President of Guatemala for his death (in spanish)' b'4 days of fierce battles between Islamic Militant Groups and forces loyal to the Transitional Somali Government in Mogadishu (Somalia)' b'It pays to be married ,Where being single costs you most.' b'Tamil Tigers have been surrounded by Sri Lanka Army and today, this is the new map of New Safe Zone' OECD report World's Happiest Places  Denmark, Finland and the Netherlands rated tops b'Sri Lankan government forces shells hospital  at least 45 dead' The man Netanyahu plans to make Israel's new ambassador to the US believes that Israel should unilaterally withdraw from the West Bank and evacuate the settlements. b'Doctor says 49 killed in Sri Lanka hospital attack' b'49 killed in Sri Lanka hospital attack' This is London  the capital of Somali pirates' secret intelligence operation b'Russia holds Victory Day celebration rows of tanks and missiles parade through Red Square in largest display of military might since Soviet times' b'Torture It Was Never Just Sleep Deprivation' This why they're rioting. An interview with Darcus Howe, a West Indian Writer, that the BBC will never play again.  As looters and rioters smashed up shops, looted and fought with police in Camden Town, Philippa MorganWalker, 25 and her husband, Jonny Walker, 31, made tea for the police who were protecting their street. Some of the officers had been on duty for more than 30 hours.
 Facebook to Die on Novemeber 5th? Anonymous says The YouTube man who was mugged by rioters pretending to help him is Asyraf Haziq, a Malaysian student Al Jazeera English has quashed several planned rebroadcasts of Shouting in the Dark, an hourlong documentary about Bahrains crackdown on prodemocracy protesters that had its debut last week and brought complaints from Bahraini authorities. Drug dealers may have wiped out uncontacted Amazon tribe London Riots 'Bleeding, I Called 999. A Tired Man Told Me To Go Home'  Unlike Los Angeles or Paris, the riots are not happening in ghettos where nobody goes. They are happening amid the organic gastropubs and latte bars. The hardening of liberal opinion in London is palpable S. Korea opens fire after North artillery shelling Student Protests in Chile  scenes from the streets Women Rapists Terrorise Men Police in Zimbabwe are on the trail of a group of women who have been raping men, usually at gunpoint, since last year. After the fourth night of riots in England, observers are asking what is behind the wave of violence. German commentators argue that the unrest reflects a deepseated malaise at the heart of British society. London rioters point to poverty and government corruption. Everyone's heard about the police taking bribes, the members of parliament stealing thousands with their expenses. They set the example. It's time to loot BBC News  Koreas 'exchange fire' near Yeonpyeong island London riots Mosque worshippers ward off gangs as they ambush Whitechapel Road London rioters are not 'protesters', admits BBC Not just London. In Birmingham, 3 Men  thought to have been protecting their community die after being run over  'Cameron has lost legitimacy, should go,' Libya says (Gaddafi gets in on the trolling!) UK Riots 2011 Tariq Jahan (Murdered Son's dad) speaks. Heartbreaking. Iran Vows to Unplug Internet Iran will begin transitioning to a 'national Internet,' aimed at Muslims on an ethical and moral level, says Iran's  head of economic affairs. Eventually, it could replace the global Internet in Iran, as well as in other Muslim countries China's aircraft carrier leaves shipyard for first sea trial British rioters the spawn of a bankrupt ruling elite
 Shouldn't we Applaud the British government for not sending in the army in the English riots.  Isn't this what sets western democracy apart from places like Syria and Libya. Speigel  How Obama disappointed the World Syria expands offensive near Turkey border Tanks storm two northwestern border towns, local residents says, as international community steps up pressure on Assad. Water cannons now in effect for London riots Canadian police need new internet surveillance tools, say chiefs Bill C30 would give them access to internet communications without a warrant 7.7 in British Columbia, Canada Arrest warrant issued for Greek journalist who published list of Greek nationals holding Swiss accounts, including the Speaker of the Greek Parliament. Relatives of Wen Jiabao (China's prime minister), including his son, daughter, younger brother, mother and brotherinlaw, have become extraordinarily wealthy during his leadership. A review of records indicates that the prime ministers relatives have controlled assets worth at least $2.7 billion. Greece is putting immigrants in camps and shipping them off while the police force is overrun with Golden Dawn fascists. 24 year old student faces extradition to the U.S. and 10 years prison for hosting a site with links to tv shows but no actual copyrighted content Soviet Missile Base Spy Planes Never Saw  It was topsecret in 1959 & remains almost completely unknown. A crumbling, beautiful, eerie place. Photos & posters scattered in derelict buildings. Hard to think terror could've been unleashed from here.  Fighting a rape epidemic in India A Village Rape Shatters a Family, and Indias Traditional Silence Thailand arrests lorry driver after 16 tiger cubs discovered in the back of his vehicle packed into 8 plastic crates   He told police he'd been paid 15,000 baht ($490; 300) to transport the cubs.  Only 6 subspecies of tiger remain in the wild, with less than 1,000 tigers left in each group. Assisted suicide clinic Dignitas says healthy people should be free to choose to die Pensions Retired people should work for their pensions, says Lord Bichard. The fact that pensioners already have worked for their pension doesn't detain him. Pensioners are a negative burden on the state, who need to be incentivised into doing jobs that young people could do for a wage. Tens of thousands protest against austerity in Rome. Tens of thousands of people marched through Rome in a No Monti Day on Saturday, some throwing eggs and spraying graffiti to protest against austerity measures introduced by Prime Minister Mario Monti's government.
| Reuters Tsunami Warning for Alaska and BC Japan Was the First to Ratify ACTA. Will They Join TPP Next?  Berlusconi 'declares war' against Italian government Spain police thwart mass march to parliament  Thousands of antiausterity protesters held back from surrounding Madrid's legislature to denounce government cutbacks. Canals may have sped up building of wonder of the world Angkor Wat Scientists have discovered the secret that allowed Angkor Wat, a famous 1,000 year old temple complex in Cambodia, to be constructed far faster than should have been possible  canals.  Beersheba schools close after early morning rocket attacks | The Times of Israel Norway's New Foreign Minister  Exploitation of Arctic Resources Will Happen, when reminded  the British parliament  calls drilling for oil & natural gas in the Arctic a reckless gold rush.  He doesn't see Norway as reckless. The Arctic is not special in legal terms; it is just an ocean. In world first, biggest refugee camp gets university The campus is being set up in Kenya near the Dadaab refugee camp, home to more than 500,000 people sheltering from Somali conflict The human cost of austerity  Rates of suicide and depression are on the rise in Spain as the unemployment figures there hit a record high.  Albino models setting the trend for Africa Chinas export limits on rare earth minerals backfire as its monopoly erodes. Burma's leader admits deadly attacks on Muslims Satellite images show huge swath of coastal town destroyed in a wave of violence which has left dozens dead
 Sweden Wants Your Trash UN set to ban female genital cutting  An estimated 140 million girls and women have undergone FGM, which can cause serious physical and emotional damage. Campaigners liken the psychological effects of FGM to those of rape. Anonymous Is Going After Zynga For Mistreating Employees, It Has Leaked Confidential Documents And Games Journalist who published list of 2,000 prominent Greeks with HSBC accounts in Switzerland is arrested Instead of arresting the tax evaders and the ministers who had the list in their hands, they're trying to arrest the truth and freedom of the press, Mr Vaxevanis said Saudi King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz 'I demand a UN resolution that condemns any country or group that insults religions and prophets . . . It is our duty and that of every Muslim to protect Islam and defend the prophets.' Russian ship carrying 700 tons of gold ore gone missing.  One and a half billion people, many living in remote areas, have no access to electricity Microgrids are a practical and relatively inexpensive way to supply them with reliable power Showdown Set on Bid to Give UN Control of Internet Russia, China and other countries back a move to place the Internet under the authority of the International Telecommunications Union, a UN agency that sets technical standards for global phone calls China's destruction of minorities I witnessed a Chinese mother allowing her child to urinate on the grounds of a historical Uyghur tomb complex, right outside a mosque. A major Greek newspaper reprinted the names of more than 2,000 wealthy Greeks with Swiss bank accounts on Monday and the editor who first published the list was to go on trial for violating data privacy laws Rise of the Superbugs (ABC Report on Antibiotic overuse) Tension escalates in Republic Day celebrations in Ankara. People beaten by police forces. Case of blonde girl beggar rescued from streets strikes nerve in Mexico; activists see racism. The flurry of internet attention to the photo, and the quick way officials reacted, has renewed a debate about racism in Mexico 'Many streets across the UK are besieged by anarchy and violence. Negative, discriminatory and aggressive police behavior, if not perpetuating gang culture, actively hinders attempts to tackle it'  CSJ study Mexican city battered by drug gangs feels lure of truce  In a fiveyear struggle with Mexico's most notorious drug cartel, the city of Torreon has suffered a 16fold increase in murders, fired its police department and lost control of its main prison to the gang. The slow and steady overtake of the Islamist came to this in Turkey citizens are not allowed to rally on the Republic day (similar to 4th of July). As A Turk I'm extremely interested in what might happen tomorrow. Burma's leader admits deadly attacks on Muslims It's not just antiRohingya violence anymore, it's antiMuslim HMS Bounty reported sunk off the North Carolina coast The Great Chinese Stampede Hot Money Leaving the Country A declining Japan loses its oncehopeful champions  An economist laments the decline of tiny island nation, which only two decades ago was touted as a global model for prosperity. Germany Doubts Whether Croatia Is Ready for EU After a recent progress report exposed problem areas, several leading German conservatives have placed the timeline in doubt. The EU, they argue, does not need another Romania. UBS shares jump at prospect of 10,000 job cuts 7 killed, 100 wounded in Nigeria church bombing French startup extracts trace amounts of gold from waste water.  Muslim survivors of Myanmar's sectarian violence relive ordeals The United Nations said 22,587 people had now been displaced after unrest between Muslim Rohingyas and Buddhist Rakhines claimed at least 84 lives Greedy U.S. billionaire urges Michigan voters to reject free bridge to Canada 'We wont advise the state again' Scientists outraged at Italian seismologists' jailing With 60,000 dead, Mexicans wonder why drug war doesn't rate in presidential debate  After slitting his wifes throat, Toronto man complained of unbearable burden of childrens insufficiently Muslim clothes Oil giants charged with price fixing 6 cases of children being raised by animals. Unlike Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book, these tales of feral kids surviving in the wild are decidedly darker and reportedly true. North Korean Official executed for drinking liquor while mourning Kim Jongil Qatar designs a law against offending religions  Draft will be presented to the UN with aim of creating int'l law Russia activist told 'confess or your children die' Canadian doctors call for warnings to be placed on packaging for unhealthy foods  similar to those found on cigarette packages CNN increasingly twitchy over Piers Morgan's tabloid past as phone hacking scandal spreads to Daily Mirror  A new poll finds that a large majority of Germans back the government's decision to phase out nuclear power and switch to renewable energies within a decade, despite rising electricity bills. White House told of militants hours after Benghazi attack Mali Islamic extremists declare war on music Psy meets UN SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon  UN chief jokes that Psy has overtaken him as most famous Korean in the world An arms factory in Khartoum where there were blasts and a huge fire overnight was attacked by four military planes, a Sudanese minister said on Wednesday, blaming the air strike on Israel. Iran has the highest number of natural gas powered vehicles on the road in the world (2.9 million) Russia Syria rebels have USmade weapons France's Socialist government plans to test launch a series of 'shooting galleries' by the end of the year [2012] where addicts can inject illegal drugs under medical supervision, the health minister said. China hints at reform by dropping Mao Italian scientist convicted over L'Aquila earthquake condemns 'medieval' court   Asmaa alGhoul aims to keep thorn in Hamas' side  Secular, feminist Palestinian journalist alGhoul has been harassed, beaten, arrested by Hamas for protesting its Islamist policies Massive solar flare erupts from the sun. Pakistan Taliban threaten another child activist after Malala shooting Abbas We're ready to resume direct talks with Israel   Israel News, Ynetnews Memorial to 'Forgotten' Holocaust Opens in Germany for 500,000 Gypsies Also Slaughtered by Nazis  Forward.com French farright group attacks and occupies mosque, and issued a declaration of war against what it called the Islamization of France. Entire Indian tribe threatens to commit mass suicide after Brazil court rules they must leave land David Attenborough US politicians duck climate change because of cost Satellite images show gulags still operational in North Korea Caribbean debt crisis has islands considering taxes on hedge funds 'Lost' Beethoven Hymn Unearthed  A previously unknown Beethoven arrangement for an ancient hymn has been uncovered after 192 years Greek Unemployed Cut Off From Medical Treatment  Until recently, Greece had a typical European health system offering universal care, but the unemployed are now often left on their own if they get sick.  No Toilet, No Bride   Rural sanitation minister accused by Hindu fundamentalists of skewing rural marriage market with slogan.  He's also drawing ire for deeming toilets a higher priority than temples & telling  parents of marriageable daughters to reject inlaws without indoor sanitation.

 US, Israel Hold LargestEver Joint Military Drill Austrian incest rapist Fritzl divorces report. Josef Fritzl, who held his daughter captive in a cellar for 24 years and fathered seven children with her, has divorced his wife of 52 years for failing to visit him in prison, a magazine reported on Thursday. North Korea executing military leaders by mortar fire  Olympics boosts UK economy out of recession. Africa could avoid food shortages if it reduces the tangled web of rules, fees and high costs strangling regional food trade and by putting large swathes of uncultivated land to productive use, a World Bank report said on Wednesday. A Polish photographer, Wilhelm Brasse was arrested and sent to Auschwitz early in World War II, he was put to work documenting his fellow prisoners, an emotionally devastating task that tormented him long after his liberation. Sudan threatens retaliation over alleged Israeli air strike Arsen Ostrovsky My Country is Under Attack. Do You Care?  School of hard facts why the British government is promoting knowledge over skills in schools The Qatar conundrum The Emirate that arms Syrias rebels also embraces Hamas Dutch warship destroys pirate mother ship Japan sees new Chinese activity near islands  China accused of sending four ships and also increasing air operations in disputed East China Sea waters. Syrian Rebels agree to 4day ceasefire in light of holidays. British female medic, Royal Marine and Afghan policeman killed in Afghanistan shooting Orangutan survives after being shot 100 times Ford says 4,000 to lose jobs in Belgium  Ashok Khemka, a bureaucrat in India, has been transferred out of his job 43 times because of his determination to follow the rules and whistleblowing. A senior career bureaucrat, he simply cannot tolerate corruption, and so, in every job he takes, he does his best to put a stop to it. North Korean army minister executed with mortar round. Kim Chol was forced to stand on a spot that had been zeroed in for a mortar round and obliterated. The U.K. thinks a strike on Iran would be illegal, denies U.S. access to its bases Opinion poll shows 43% of French people see Islam as a 'threat' to national identity, with twothirds saying Muslims are poorly integrated into society British ExxonMobil oil chief 'assassinated' in Brussels street   Telegraph Hitler told senior Nazis that 'everyone has lied to me, everyone has deceived me' just eight days before he killed himself in his bunker, according to newly disclosed documents. China Outraged Over Picture of Teacher Hurting Pupil  Police detain 2 teachers after photo  circulates online showing one of them lifting a pupil by his ears Britain rejects US request to use UK bases in nuclear standoff with Iran What Sex Means for World Peace  The evidence is clear The best predictor of a state's stability is how its women are treated. A victory for selfdefence, but only a partial one After 15 months in legal limbo, a Toronto man who defended himself and his loved ones is a free man. Moses Mahilal stabbed an intruder in his home with a kitchen knife.. and was charged with aggravated assault Through Her Sister's Eyes  This seemingly magical ability  to see through each other's eyes, to feel what the other experiences, perhaps even to share thoughts  has stunned neurologists and makes these tiny girls unique in the world. New York Times blocked by China after report on wealth of Wen Jiabao's family. President Vladimir Putin flatly rejected on Thursday Western criticism of the imprisonment of the Pussy Riot punk protest band, saying its three female members deserved their fate because they threatened the moral foundations of Russia.


 New York Times blocked in China over Wen Jiabao wealth revelations. Unwelcome revelations about wealth of family of Chinese premier, known for his humble background and populist appeal Billions in Hidden Riches for Family of Chinese Leader Suicide bomber kills 20 in Afghan mosque  What Are the Odds That Israel Just Attacked Sudan?  Armin Rosen  The Atlantic Ben Goldacre Closed drug trials leave patients at risk and doctors in the dark Drug companies can hide information about their drugs from doctors and patients, perfectly legally, with the help of regulators  Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to 4 years in jail in tax fraud trial. Milan court convicts Berlusconi of tax evasion, gives 4year sentence UN to investigate civilian deaths from US drone strikes. Special rapporteur on counterterror operations condemns Barack Obama's failure to establish effective monitoring process The British government opposed the establishment of the Nuremberg war crimes tribunals at the end of the WWll because it wanted selected Nazi leaders to be summarily executed and others to be imprisoned without trial Malala's parents overjoyed after first visit in UK hospital  Hundreds of homes burned and gunfire rang out as sectarian violence raged for a fifth day between Rohingya Muslims and Buddhists in western Myanmar on Thursday, pushing the death toll to nearly 60 and testing the country's nascent democracy After the biggest double dip since WW2, the UK is officially out of recession Fukushima 'running out of space' to store radioactive water. Nuclear engineer 'Radioactive water in the basements may already be getting into the underground water system, where it could reach far beyond the plant, possibly into the ocean or public water supplies.' The lower house of the French parliament has voted to fully reimburse all abortions and to make contraception free for minors. It now goes to the Senate, where it is likely to pass. Chinese man sues wife for being ugly and wins 9 More Banks to Add to the Libor Scandal?  US returns 4,000 archaeological relics to Mexico Imran Khan detained and 'interrogated over drone views' by US immigration French government plans to provide free, anonymous contraception to teenage girls Providing free contraception is just as important for these teenagers as getting good sex education at school, according to Minister of Women's Rights  Victory For Man Who Took Cold Caller To Court Dozens die as Buddhists, Muslims clash in Myanmar Myanmar's estimated 800,000 Muslim Rohingya are officially stateless, with many among the Buddhist majority viewing them as illegal immigrants Iceland Says Yes To New Constitution In the wake of the 2008 economic collapse, a public outcry to change the very structure of its sociopolitical system led to an initiative to write a new constitution Canadian MP wants government to curtail online anonymity. France makes abortions free for all Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez jokes that so many Venezuelan players are in the World Series that next year it should be played in the South American country. Japan quakehit nuclear plant  may still be leaking radiation  into sea The head of the Catholic Church in England and Wales has written to the Vatican to ask if Jimmy Savile's papal knighthood can be posthumously removed. Golden Dawn has infiltrated Greek police, claims officer Taliban's attack on Pakistan education goes beyond one girl  Syrian Damascus car bomb killed kids near playground  Ferrari flag controversy Ferrari will display the Italian navy's flag on the F1 in support of Italian marines currently on trial in India Donald Trump lawyers tried to stop BBC showing Scottish bullying film Protesters occupy Bankia headquarters in Madrid Brazilian Student Sells Her Virginity for $780,000 to Raise Money  Japanese Man Wins the Bid.  
Israel has moved to the right, but it is not an apartheid state  

My experience of apartheid in South Africa leads me to think a survey of Israeli attitudes towards Arabs has been spun too far
 BurmaHRW satellite images 'showRakhine destruction' Berlusconi's sentence cut to 1 year to make room in prison for more scientists. Rowan Atkinson We must be allowed to insult each other  Rowan speaks out against strict censorship laws in the UK Hong Kong seizes more than 8,000 lbs. of ivory worth $26.7 million Supreme Court rules employees have right to privacy on work computersThe court said an individuals Internet browsing history alone is capable of exposing his or her most intimate likes, dislikes, activities and thoughts. Spain is considering a ban on photographing police officers Cuban leader Fidel Castro 'has suffered a massive stroke and has just weeks Only 17% of Russians Think U.S. Treats Russia With Respect Google To French Media We May Have To Cut You Off French Lawmakers are considering legislation that will force search engines to pay for sending French newspapers readers. Newspaper publishers pushing for the law, say it is unfair that Google receives advertising revenue from searches for news Kim Jong Ils grandson calls his uncle Kim Jong Eun a dictator Thailand warned their Facebook users not to like controversial photo of journalist stepping on a newspaper photo of Cambodian King Accused student prevails in first three strikes copyright case The New Zealand recording industry group RIANZ has dropped the one case that was actively being defended; RIANZ was asking for NZ$1075.50 for sharing 5 songs, plus NZ$1623.75 for legal costs and a deterrent American Entrepreneur Got Away With Dumping 100 Tons of Iron Dust in Pacific Ocean Off Canadian Coast, Outraging Scientists & Government OfficialsAll in the Name of Science Israel navy stops Gazabound boat No evidence found of Al Qaeda role in Libya attack  latimes.com Secular Egyptians protest Islamists role in drafting new constitution. Egyptian liberal and secular groups gathered Friday in Cairos Tahrir Square to protest what they say is the overreach of the countrys Islamists in drafting a new constitution Math teacher caught producing and trafficking  'daterape' drug. Police seized 250,000 $ worth. Austerity protesters march on London Firefighters, nurses and teachers marched alongside unemployed youngsters, antiwar activists and other campaigners today in a huge protest against the Govt's austerity measures. Karl Lagerfeld in hot water after calling French President Francois Hollande an idiot over his plans to impose huge taxes on the rich Rover spots shiny objects on mars Gazabound aid ship has come under attack in international water. On board five parliamentarians from Europe and a former Canadian politician... A man runs over 11 people in his van while on a rampage  Israeli navy takes control of Gaza boat TUNIS (Reuters)  Clashes between Islamists and secular opponents in the southern Tunisian town of Tataouine on Thursday left a secular politician dead Banana Boat recalls sunscreen after reports of people catching on fire  thestar.com Newlywed Afghan beheaded for her refusal to become prostitute Israeli Navy on Alert as Swedish Aid Ship Steams Toward Gaza Juan Cole Israeli Government Consciously Planned to Keep Palestinians on a Diet, Controlling Their Food Supply, Damning Document Reveals The Terrifying Rise of Greeces Nazi Party  They own the streets; is parliament next?
 Turkish schoolchildren in Istanbul received a series of books denouncing scientific figures, including one denying the theory of evolution and describing Charles Darwin as a bignosed Jew History of boarding school 'torture' uncovered in Switzerland  Thousands of children fell victim to violence and abuse in Catholic boarding schools in Switzerland up until the 1970s, according to a recent study decrying sadistic practices resembling torture. China is on course to becoming a superpower  but not in the way many expect, writes economist Martin Jacques. Police protection or citizen censorship? Spain to ban photos and videos of cops, just at a time when the streets are boiling. In wake of the Lance Armstrong scandal, donors to the Livestrong charity are demanding their money back French president demands probe after newborn dies en route to hospital No French person should be more than 30 minutes from emergency care, Hollande said Czech Pirate Libor Michlek wins first Senator's seat, Czech win International race to nationallevel legislatures US denies Iran nuclear talks New York Times report  A correspondent for France 24 TV was savagely attacked near Cairo's Tahrir Square after being seized by a crowd, the network said Saturday. It was the latest case of violence against women at the epicenter of Egypt's restive protests. France 24 TV says its Cairo correspondent was savagely attacked near restive Tahrir Square Qatar announces 157m plan to rebuild Gaza The Pakistani girl shot in the head by the Taliban for wanting an education is recovering. She can stand and write. EU drug demands would cost Canadians up to $2B a year federal research on freetrade talks with Europe (CETA). EU proposal would add an average life of 2.66 years to a typical drug patent, and increase Canadian drug costs by between $795 million and $1.95 billion annually Europe's leaders have agreed to start building a single banking union for the eurozone from the beginning of next year r/Tibet 56th Tibetan self immolator in Sangchu, Kanlho. Russian forces kill 49 militants in operation state agency
| Top News
| Reuters ChinaKorea Tensions Rise After Failed Venture  A Chinese mining conglomerate accuses the North Korean government of sabotaging its $40 million investment. Of the 37 most wanted criminals in Mexico, 16 were arrested and 9 killed in the past 3 years. A drug that could transform the lives of hundreds of people with cystic fibrosis is being blocked from use in England because of a battle over cost More celebrities to be investigated in ChildAbuse scandal Voters in Iceland back new constitution, more resource control  Protesters Try To Storm Lebanese Government HQ  NPR Seeking a better life and a future for their children, tens of thousands of Roma have come to Germany in recent years. They hope to escape the poverty and marginalization they experience in their home countries, but they remain outsiders in their new home too.  Soldier sacked by the army 72 hours before he gets his full pension Pussy Riot band members sent to remote prison camps. Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova to serve sentences in Russia's 'harshest prisons' in Perm and Mordovia. World's oldest survivor of Auschwitz dies at 108 Scientists await verdict in Italy quake trial  Seismologists face four years in jail if found guilty, in a case that has sparked outrage in the scientific community. Voters in Iceland back new constitution, more control of natural resources such as fish and geothermal energy.
 WWF brings Russian bison back  WWF brings Europes largest land mammal, nearly extinct, back to woodlands of North Caucasus. A Pakistani man who was acquitted of a blasphemy charge has been shot dead by two men in Punjab province IMF's epic plan to conjure away debt and dethrone bankers So there is a magic wand after all. A revolutionary paper by the IMF claims that one could eliminate the net public debt of the US at a stroke, and by implication do the same for Britain, Germany, Italy, or Japan Morocco denies destruction by Salafi Muslims of pagan rock carving Rhino slaughter in South Africa sets savage pace Poachers have killed 455 rhinos so far this year in South Africa  more than half in a single national park  topping last years mark of 448 Former banker Greg Smith says focus at bank [Goldmans] was to sell the most complex product to the least sophisticated investor. As world helps shot Pakistani girl, Afghans ask what about us? The global attention bestowed on a Pakistani schoolgirl shot by the Taliban has sparked outcry amongst many Afghans dismayed by what they say is the unequal response to the plight of their women and children Evidence of Viking Outpost Found in Canada   Digging in the ruins of a centuriesold building, archaeologists found some very intriguing whetstones. Wear grooves bear traces of copper alloys such as bronzematerials known to have been made by Viking metalsmiths but unknown among native inhabitants. Europe's lost generation costs 153bn a year, study finds EU agency estimates cost in state welfare and lost production of 14 million young adults not in employment, education or training BBC News  L'Aquila quake Italy scientists face trial verdict Large majority of Germans back govt's decision to phase out nuclear power   Germany's grid operators announced  that a surcharge on households' electricity prices financing the expansion of renewable energies will increase by 47% starting in January.  Northern Ghana has six witch camps that have been in existence for more than 100 years, accommodating 800 accused witches  almost all of them women. Iran's judiciary has blocked a request by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to visit Tehran's Evin prison, where a top presidential aide is being held Scientists link deep wells to deadly Spain quake
 Men accused of rucksack bomb plot. Three Birmingham men have gone on trial accused of planning a bomb campaign prosecutors say may have been bigger than the 7 July London attacks.  Okinawa legislators protest alleged rape by US sailors. Separatists win Basque election in Spain  exit polls. Canada XL Foods dumps E.coli tainted meat at landfill S. Korea Prepares to Evacuate DMZ Citizens UK risks undermining human rights legislation, Europe's top judge warns A 28yearold Tunisian who was caught on security camera stealing from a man who had fallen onto the tracks on the Stockholm subway and then leaving him to be hit by a train was sentenced to prison, deportation Italian Scientists sentenced to jail for failing to predict earthquake. Uruguay plans to legalise marijuana under state monopoly Survey Most Israeli Jews would support apartheid regime in Israel Russia accuses U.S. of human rights abuses  The head of Italy's disaster body quits in protest after seven colleagues were sentenced for their roles before the L'Aquila quake Irish boy thrilled at 'message in a bottle' from Quebec Israel's former Mossad chief urges dialogue with Iran, calls Obama policy 'brave' Israeli poll finds majority in favour of 'apartheid' policies 2/3s say Palestinians should not be allowed to vote if West Bank was annexed, while 3/4 favour segregated roads Syrian Rebels Detonate Car Bomb As Christians Head To Sunday Mass, 10 Killed Italian court convicts 7 scientists, experts of failing to warn of deadly 2009 earthquake. Voters in Iceland back new constitution, more resource control
| Reuters Icelandic Constitutional Referendum  Resources Not Privately Owned to Become Public Property. Killer Disease Reaches Uganda Capital  Highly  contagious & deadly  Marburg virus, a cousin of Ebola,  spread after an infected woman visited the city.    It's  transmitted through bodily fluids or infected wild animals.  Symptoms include severe headache followed by haemorrhaging. Now Piers Morgans Mirror and The People accused of phone hacking Malala Isn't Alone Another Pakistani Girl's Dream  Coast guard saves 64 Chinese seamen from burning freighter Syrian AntiAircraft Shell Hits Turkey Health Center Japanese justice minister resigns over organised crime links Egypt TV host gets jail term for insulting president Battle of Britain veteran who bailed out of his Spitfire over the English Channel dies aged 99 The general public unwittingly donated thousands of pounds to a group of men planning to carry out suicide attacks in Britain, a court has heard. Indian bureaucrat hounded out of office 43 times for fighting graft  The Washington Post World sea piracy falls to lowest level since 2008 Lebanon army deploys in Beirut and Tripoli b'Dutch to ban burkas when picking children up from school' For 21 years a British man has refused to bury his sons body, claiming authorities coveredup the real cause of the child's death b'War Nerd  Ossetia all over but the whining' b'North Korean Leader Kim Jongil is Confirmed to be Ill' b'Polish PM Wants Child Abusers Castrated' b'Russian bombers land in Venezuela' b'Devastating Landslide Kills 56 in China' b'Iran demands UN investigate Israeli threats to kidnap Ahmadinejad' b'2 Israeli Human Right Groups Israel is forcibly transfering Palestinians from West Bank to Gaza, splitting families, in violation of international law.' b'125,000 Gorillas Find Haven in Mud Swamp But Still Face Extinction' b'Moroccan blogger insults King, King jails insulting blogger' b'Ralph Peters, the retired US army colonel whom you may know for his plans for redrawing the Middle East, now argues for funding muslim terrorists in Russia.' US 'not winning' in Afghanistan b'Earth Policy Institute Increasing Equality by Educating Every Child' Israel 'dividing up Palestinians' b'Iran Being Supported by Shell Oil, OMV and Many Others' b'Russia sends warplanes on Venezuela training mission' b'Satellite Images Reveal Exact Nature of Destruction in Georgia' b'Obama win preferred' b'Across Haiti, a Scene of Devastation' b'Google Satellites Aim to Bring HighSpeed Internet to All of Africa | 80beats | Discover Magazine' b'Hindus highlight plight of Roma people in Europe' b'Australia Criticized for Setting Weak Carbon Emission Goals' b'This is why the Taliban are pissed, and so would you be if this were you [video]' b'Islam in Europe Balkan youth' PERU has banned GM crops production for 10 years Protester 'banned' from flight home for Christmas after he was found carrying anarchist literature. Japan Way Ahead in Global Plastic Recycling Race  

At 77%, country's plastic recycling rate is about twice that of the UK, & well above the 20% figure for the US Saudi women no longer need male OK to vote or seek office Nuclear submarine on fire in northern Russia. France approves soda taxFrance's top constitutional body on Wednesday approved a new tax on sugary drinks that aims to fight obesity while giving a boost to state coffers.

 Kim Jong Un declared N. Korea's 'supreme leader' China Lays Out 5Year Space Plans There Will Be No Friday This Week In Samoa Iran Plans to Test Advanced Missiles, Intelligent Torpedoes Egypt police raid U.S.based prodemocracy groups Israel denies immigrant status to Jews suffering from psychiatric problems  Either Your Phone Plays Taliban Ringtones, or You Die   Vendors in Kabul are doing a brisk trade in Taliban ringtones. Because Afghans report that the Taliban kill travelers at clandestine checkpoints if they dont hear one of their messages on someones phone. The Plane That Would Bomb Iran Any adversary knows that the B2 can enter relatively unseen with the power and accuracy to destroy. Merely by having the B2, we can better influence the decisionmaking process in rogue nations..[it's] a diplomatic instrument as much as it is a military instrument A judge in Chile has closed the case on the death of President Salvador Allende after an authoritative autopsy confirmed it was suicide All Eyes on German Renewable Energy Efforts  This tiny village of 37 gray homes & farm buildings clustered along the main road in a windswept corner of rural eastern Germany seems an unlikely place for a revolution Appears Japanese Tsunami Debris Already Hitting B.C. Shores   Beachcombers are noticing a significant uptick in debris of Japanese origin  a sign that items swept out to sea by the tsunami has found their way here earlier than expected McDonalds Closes All Their Restaurants in Bolivia  UK Doctors Sued for Creating 'Valium Addicts'  
Patients take legal action after being damaged by overprescription of drugs.  A report estimated in 2009 there were 1.5 million involuntary tranquilliser addicts in the UK. Turkey confirms 35 people killed in airstrikes were mistaken for Kurdish rebels Western companies provide spy software to authoritarian regimes, the software has been used to track political opponents. Debris from the Japan tsunami arrives in Canada In Russia, a new badge of honor for Putin critics a jail term  The frequent arrests of one veteran antiKremlin activist, Sergei Udaltsov, have gained him a broader base of support among Russia's opposition than he could previously claim.  Syrian forces open fire on protestors in Damascus Syrians Fire On Protesters Despite Presence Of Monitors The Swedish navy is chasing what could be a damaged Russian submarine in Sweden. Grandmother starves herself to death after UK's assisted suicide laws left her with 'no alternative' German Intelligence Claims ProRussian Separatists Downed MH17 Fidel Castro Offers Cubas Cooperation with USA to fight Ebola 'Beijing is like a bonfire' as runners forced to complete marathon in gas masks China says it will punish carmakers by restricting their production and publicly naming them if they fail to meet fuel consumption requirements on passenger vehicles set for 2015 ISIS Releases Training Guide on 'How to Tweet Safely, Without Giving out Your Location to NSA' German Motorcycle Club members join Dutch bikers in fight against The Islamic State South Korea fires warning shots against North Korean soldiers approaching military demarcation line Kurdish official ISIS and their flag gone from Kobane, Ypg units now are in control of the town The last critically endangered northern white rhinoceros died in reservation Ol Pejeta in Kenya. It was probably the last male of the northern subspecies capable of natural mating. The Russian defence ministry has denied reports that one of its submarines got into trouble off Sweden, sparking a military alert in the Baltic Germany plans tougher controls on wouldbe jihadists Marking personal identity cards, considering withdrawing citizenship. Russians Lose Faith in Banks as Ruble Falls and Sanctions Bite Internet trolls face up to 2 years in jail under new laws A wellknown citizen journalist who used the Twitter handle @Miut3 was reportedly kidnapped and killed Wednesday in the border city of Reynosa. Putin Offers WHO Experimental Ebola Vaccine Moody's downgrades Russia's debt 35% increase in Iran's tourism earnings since the election of Hassan Rouhani; arrivals from Europe doubled Doctor from Israel joined Islamic State, hospital confirms Ebola deaths in Liberia are far higher than reported as officials downplay epidemic Cuba is leading the international fight against Ebola. A country of 11 million people are sending their best volunteers to Africa. Under30s being priced out of the UK, says Alan Milburn. Mobility tsar says Britain is on verge of being permanently divided between haves and havenots as young miss out on recovery Experimental Canadian Ebola vaccine to be shipped to Geneva for trials A majority of Irish Senators have signed a motion calling on their Government to formally recognise the State of Palestine AntiPutin protest in Russia draws largest crowd since 1991  Mikhail Gorbachev, who resigned as Soviet president 20 years ago Sunday, has urged Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to follow his example and step down.  Dutch Parliament Downloading Movies and Music Will Stay Legal
 What is the Mysterious Nodding Disease Spreading Across Uganda?  It seems like an amusing ailment the major visible symptom is nodding a lot while you eat.  But this new disease is spreading fast in Africa, & claiming lives as it goes. The Closing of Chinese Minds  In 1979, a group of Chinese editors was about to visit the United States. Asked what they would like to see, one solemnly replied 'We want to know how the party secretary of New York controls The New York Times.' US airlines have suffered a defeat in the EU's highest court, which upheld a law on Wednesday that will require airlines to pay for carbon emissions on flights to and from Europe. The new rule goes into effect on Jan. 1, 2012. US officials have warned that the move will have repercussions.  Typical Xmas in Australia  Cyclone North, ex Cyclone East coast, Heavy storms South, FWIW The Cyclone to the north is probably as big as France and Germany, the eye is probably as big as Holland. Greek Hospitals Turning Away Expectant Mothers Who Can't Pay New Fees
 Iranian woman to be executed by stoning or hanging for adultery, judiciary official says Church in Nigerian capital Abuja hit by explosion  Drinks and joy as defectors embrace Kim's death ...  More than 21,000 North Koreans now live in South Korea. For many, the news of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il's death stirred mixed emotions Mikhail Gorbachev calls for Putin to resign Pope Benedict XVI urges faithful to see through superficial glitter of Christmas
 Why the Scots want independence from the English the more life in Scotland feels like life in England, the stronger the desire to assert a distinct identity. Gruesome discovery of a halfsunken boat & at least 38 dead Haitians were found by the Cuban Coast Guard.  87,  including 4 children, were rescued. They were trying to flee their country.

 North Korea invites South Korean delegations to Kim Jong Il's funeral Could Revolution Come to Putin's Russia?  Saturday's mass demonstrations in Moscow may draw comparisons to the Arab Spring or Occupy Wall Street, but Russia  and Putin's democracy  is unique No Christmas Rescue for Stricken Russian Ship  Rescue ships had to turn back due to ice.  Another to try reaching it by the 26th.  The Sparta, with 32 aboard, has been leaking & trapped in ice since Dec. 16. Occupy London protesters & church in harmony at Christmas  
Shared values of community & supporting one another resonated particularly strongly, & there was a spike in numbers of people visiting to pledge support over the festive period. AlQaida leadership almost wiped out in Pakistan, key players in alQaida escaping to north Africa After two months in custody for inciting violence, Egyptian activist and blogger Alaa Abd El Fattah is released from jail Antiwhaling activists use drones to monitor Japanese fleet Aussie traveler contracts HIV from getting tattoo in Bali Deadly blast rips through Christmas service in Nigeria Yemeni president Saleh to go to US Yemeni president says he'll leave country, head to U.S. Why America's Death Penalty Just Got Us   The European Union is now blocking importation of lethal injection technology into the United States  Awkward silence as nations boycott KimJongIl tribute in united nations.  Girl's baptism banned by judge after court battle  the father was not religious and believed a decision about baptism should be left until the girl was older so that she could have proper input $25 Computer About to Go Into Production in Britain  The bare bones Raspberry Pi PC will be sold in 2 configurations. Model A for $25 (16) lacks a network connector & Model B for $35 (22) has an Ethernet socket. Kim Jong Il's death could prompt North Korean elite to flee Thousands take to Moscow streets, calling for fair elections 'Russia will be free' Huge rally increases pressure on Vladimir Putin 
 Turkey accuses France of genocide in Algeria Prime Minister Erdogan ramps up diplomatic spat, saying French killed 15% of Algeria's population during postwar occupation Cuba to release 2,900 prisoners as goodwill gesture CIA has suspended drone attacks in Pakistan, U.S. officials say
 A huge explosion at a gasoline and diesel pipeline in Colombia killed 11 people, injured nearly 100, and destroyed dozens of homes Iraq's VicePresident Tariq alHashemi has said Iraq's government was behind Thursday's series of bombings that killed nearly 70 people in Baghdad Is Egypt Flying Apart at the Seams?  Ten months after the revolution, Egyptians are mired in frustration. The supreme council is less and less popular, and everyone  election winners and losers alike  fears the future. Russians still nostalgic for Soviet comforts. To many Russians of the previous generation, their memories of the Soviet Union are like a fairy tale of a golden age... Kim Jong Eun, the new leader of North Korea, will be the youngest person ever to have authority over a nuclear arsenal. North Korea Grave consequences if South Korea doesn't allow citizens to attend Kim JongIl's funeral Best Of 2011 Hitler vs. Stalin Who Was Worse?  


Brilliant essay that asks history's most loaded question, and answers it with meticulous balance sheet. Stalin was first with ethnic killing campaigns; murdered more people than Hitler; but fewer than we used to think Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Friday accused France of committing genocide in Algeria more than 60 years ago. He said French colonialists massacred 15 percent of Algeria's population starting in 1945. Thousands take to Moscow streets, calling for fair elections  Something fishy in Pyongyang Canada's TD Bank played critical' role in $1.2 billion Ponzi scheme Syrian city besieged by military tanks under orders of President Bashar alAssad, killing more than a dozen civilians and destroying buildings China has announced a currency swap with Pakistan in the latest step to gradually expand use of the tightly controlled Chinese currency abroad.
 China's Real Estate Woes as the Bubble Bursts Mass rally in Moscow raises pressure on Putin The Russian media has lost its fear of Putin. History tells us the end must be nigh. How Anger Took Elites by Surprise ... everywhere, the conventional wisdom was turned upside down by people who turned out to be angrier than their elites had suspected Egypt bans military's forced virginity tests Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning for adultery now faces being hanged after international outcry Ciudad Juarez has 10,000 homicides in the past 4 years. More than Afghanistan's civilian casualties in the same period. Chinese meat glows in the dark, meat purchased in Sichuan province radiates blue light
 Man caught with 247 animals in suitcase Iraqis who worked as interpreters for the US army are facing death threats as the process for special visas slows.
 How China's Gender Gap Is Creating Too Many Single MenAnd Hurting Women  With 120 males born for every 100 females, Chinas deliberate gender imbalance will mean lifelong bachelorhood for millions of men, but the impact on women is just as severe. Pirates hijack Italian tanker with 18 on board off Oman Israeli ultraorthodox Jews clash with police Cuba begins banking reforms  If you could tweet on behalf of your country  what would you say? In Sweden, one citizen per week is getting the chance to tweet from the nation's official @Sweden Twitter account. 6.9 magnitude quake hits southeastern Russia China gets approval for Afghanistan oil exploration bid The essay that has Chinese talking 'On Wanting Freedom'
 China harvesting organs of minorities and political prisoners in Xinjiang Iran 'to block Hormuz strait' if sanctions applied Egyptian court rules against virginity tests Iran threatens to block oil exports through Hormuz strait in sanctions row. Country reacts to threat of sanctions on its crude oil after UN watchdog's report into state's nuclear ambitions
 BBC News  Ethiopia jails Swedish journalists on terror charges Iran seeks death penalty for American 'CIA spy' Coup attempt 'fails' in GuineaBissau Radio Zeta How Mexicos Drug Cartels Stay Networked The Depressing Reality of Egyptian Politics Its Islamists vs. the Military  Is a battle between the military and the Muslim Brotherhood what Egyptian citizens had in mind for a new democracy? A look at the unraveling of a revolution Norwegian prison where inmates are treated like people has the lowest reoffending rate in Europe  A helicopter swooped down on a prison courtyard Sunday as armed men on board fired on guards and lowered a rope to help a convicted killer make his fourth attempt to escape from a Greek prison. Iran calls Oscar for 'Argo,' awarded by Michelle Obama, an ad for CIA Longlost continent found under the Indian Ocean Sand from Mauritian beaches reveals rock from ancient landmass. South Korea's Park GeunHye is sworn in as nation's first female president Afghanistan's first female mayor proves critics wrong. Azra Jafari has won respect in her community as she fights to improve lives and change attitudes towards women Horse meat found in Ikea's Swedish meatballs U.S. Confronts CyberCold War With China Bangladesh Moves To Ban Main Islamic Party Bangladesh's parliament has amended a law to allow the prosecution of the country's largest Islamic party JamaateIslami for war crimes and also eventually ban it. An energy revolution is taking place in East Africa as the price of solar technology tumbles and huge resources of geothermal steam beneath the Great Rift Valley start to be exploited, moves which have the potential to lift millions out of poverty and cut greenhouse gas emissions In groundbreaking move, S. Africa steps in over alleged Zimbabwe mass rapes Muslims Torch and Loot 200 Hindu Homes in West Bengal. Greece A promise from the army has been obtained to not intervene against a civil uprising  says exdiplomat Putin signs law banning smoking in public in Russia Icelands Plan to Ban Internet Porn Sparks Uproar Italy Election Bersani Ahead in Exit Polls, Berlusconi Trailing By Over 5% Chinese Communist Party leaders plan first central government overhaul in half a decade new leaders will this week consider plans to revamp the central government as part of efforts to streamline bureaucracy and boost an economy that's recovering from the slowest growth in 13 years Syria  The death of a country Eyewitnesses have come forward for the first time to support allegations that the Sri Lankan army executed two Tamil Tiger rebel leaders after they surrendered with a white flag in '09. This adds to a growing body of evidence of war crimes committed by the Sri Lankan military. BBC News  Cardinal Keith O'Brien steps down as Archbishop Ral Castro to step down as president in 2018 Indian Rocket Launches AsteroidHunting Satellites, Tiny Space Telescopes An underwater Grand Canyon has been discovered in images captured by a Royal Navy survey vessel in the Red Sea. These features could be the result of ancient rivers scouring through the rock strata before the Red Sea flooded millennia ago. From Bullets to Bistros the Mexico City Miracle  Even as drug war violence encroaches, a sharp drop in crime over the past decade has changed the culture of Mexico's capital. German Catholic Church to allow emergency contraception for rape victims  Assad losing control as 10,000 soldiers desert Syrian military US targeted over failure to condemn Israel frustrated members of the U.N. Security Council pointed a finger at the United States for blocking any condemnation of Israel's accelerated settlement construction in Palestinian territory In Finland 69 Patriot missiles found in a ship destined to South Korea A Chinese village protest that tested the ruling Communist Party for over a week ended on Wednesday after officials offered concessions over seized farmland and the death of a village leader, in a rare spectacle of the government backing down to mobilized citizens. S Korea launches 
propaganda balloons over the border Canada bans face veils at citizenship ceremonies North Korea moves to collective government North Korean heir expected to share power Chinese Atheists Lured to Find Jesus at U.S. Christian Schools South American states ban Falklands vessels from ports Moody's affirms Australia's AAA rating Five Polish soldiers killed by Afghanistan bomb  A roadside bomb has killed five Polish soldiers in a Nato convoy in eastern Afghanistan, Poland's heaviest single loss of life since the mission began. Kim Jongun issued military order before announcement of father's death Wives of missing Russian rig workers criticize company officials  The wife of the Russian oil rig's captain says towing the Kolskaya platform through icy waters was a suicidal mission. Thirtynine workers are missing. No Ordinary Counterfeit  New York Times Qaddafi Son Seif alIslam Is Alive and Held by Rebels Egyptian Women Rally Around The Girl in the #BlueBra Dragged Away by Army Iran Despite rising rhetoric among officials, Iranians don't think war is likely. Canada hunts for rare earth metals as China cuts back  
A steep decline in Chinese exports of rare earth metals used in hitech gadgets has started a global search for metals & hopes are high for major finds in Canada.  The Japanese are desperately searching all over, as well as Europe.  Hungary's constitutional court has overruled sections of a new media law, claiming it interferes with press freedom. It is the latest challenge to what many see as an undemocratic consolidation of government power. Five Iranian technicians kidnapped in Syria's Homs BBC News  The 'Iranian Schindler' who saved Jews from the Nazis Mass breast implant recall in France Syria crisis Almost 200 people have died in two days of clashes North Korea 'pledge' to Kim Jongun, son of Kim Jongil
 Thousands Of Rare Documents Burned In Egypt Clash This is equal to the burning of Galileo's books Kazakhstan's hardline president has switched off part of mobile and internet to try and stop an Arab Spring style uprising. Egyptian Women Defend Their Role in the Revolution, 10,000 March Against the Army's Brutality Car manufacturer SAAB declares bankruptcy after GM rejects Chinese offer Egyptian Military Official Protesters Deserve to Be Thrown into Hitler's Ovens Thousands of Women Mass in Major March in Cairo  NYTimes.com The speculative scrum driving up food prices. Bankers, hedge funds and sovereign wealth funds are gambling on hunger by speculating on food supply.  A Blow Against Child Marriage  
In N India, where 1 in 2 girls wed before age 18, the rate of child marriage is dropping& an innovative program is paying girls to stay unmarried Germany captures 43% of the world's solar power North Korea Seals Chinese Border Tunisias newly elected president calls for countrys Jewish population to return Tunisias Jews are full citizens and those that had left are welcome to return. Egyptian police open fire on protesters Photos ... hundreds of Egyptian soldiers in riot gear swept through Cairo's Tahrir Square early Dec. 19 and opened fire on protesters China seeks rebel village concessions as new protest flares ... Communist Party authorities trying to get residents to call off a march to government offices
| Reuters Retired general says Egyptian protesters deserve to be thrown into Hitlers ovens.  Kim Jong Ils economic legacy, in one chart Philip Morris Challenges Plain Cigarette Packs in Australia  It claims the law banning logos & requiring they be sold in drab, olivebrown packets acquires the firm's valuable brands & intellectual property Against All Odds How 'Crazy' Kim Jong Il Outfoxed the World  Underestimated since he took power in 1994, the North Korean leader was shrewder, smarter, and saner than the popular caricatures give him credit for Prime Minister Stephen Harper says he has warned American officials that his government is serious about selling Canadian oil to Asian markets A Rocky RussiaIndia Defense Union  India replacing China as the worlds largest arms importer should leave plenty of scope for Russian manufacturers. But the two sides dont always see eye to eye.
 Young Russian protesters want change but lack a leader  Whether they can translate their frustration to the political arena remains an open question. Iraq's Nuri alMaliki is acting like Saddam Hussein in trying to silence opposition and he risks provoking a new fightback against dictatorship, one of Maliki's predecessors as prime minister said on Tuesday. Squeamish science students in India might not have to grapple with cutting up rats or frogs for much longer. The regulatory body, University grants commission would phase out almost all animal dissection and replace it with teaching using computer simulations and models.  Turkey main opposition party submits draft to recognize genocide in Algeria and Rwanda by the French Turkey threatens France over stance on killing of Armenians by Ottomans  French parliament to debate proposal to prosecute people who deny mass killings were an act of genocide
  Mexico Shuts Down 'World's Biggest Garbage Dump'  
Greenhouse gas emissions will be reduced by a minimum of 2,000,000 tons of carbon dioxide a year.  It's taken in over 76,000,000 tons of trash.   BBC News  Volkswagen turns off work email after work hours for staff. Wants to reduce the blurring of lines between home and work. Quake of 5.9 magnitude strikes New Zealand's Christchurch
 'Blue bra girl' rallies Egypt's women vs. oppression  British bankers prepare to sue for bonuses Bankers seem to have an expectation that they are entitled to a bonus under almost any circumstances, which has been fed by over 20 years of high bonus rounds. Mysterious metal ball from space falls in Namibia French lawmakers passed a measure on Thursday to make it a crime to deny the mass killing of Armenians in 1915 by Ottoman Turks was a genocide Online speed camera warnings to be banned, people who reveal the location of Swiss speed cameras on the internet face fines of up to 10,000 francs ($10,700), under new laws.


 Kremlin Nervous As Protesters Return To Streets of Russia The End of the Chinese Dream   China's 1% are even more obnoxious than America's Bill that could 'break the Internet' delayed until 2012 Another Soyuz rocket launch fails, Russia's recent poor launch record has continued with yet another Soyuz rocket failure. Argentine government takes control of newsprint in an effort to improve the quality of information and the plurality of opinions  Iran announces it will soon hold massive war games in international waters near the Strait of Hormuz Bruised but defiant Mona Eltahawy on her assault by Egyptian security forces

Mona Eltahawy's tweets about her assault in Cairo made global headlines. Here she tells her full, extraordinary story for the first time
 When Kim Jong Il died, the holiest mountain in North Korea glowed red, according to state media stories that serve to bookend the tale of Kim's sacred birth at Mount Paektu. Outrage after Chinese Tiananmen activist jailed for nine years Royal Dutch Shell's Nigerian oil spill, the largest in the African nation since 1998, highlights the different world responses to oil spills. A Spanish company is suing the city of Hamburg for more than 2 million after its cucumbers were wrongly blamed for a deadly E.coli outbreak last spring Mikhail Gorbachev slams Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev over response to protests | The Australian North Korea Warns South to Show Respect for Kim Jongil Russian Oil Rig Sinking Casts Doubt on Arctic Plan  The sinking of a rig that left over 50 crew dead or missing is intensifying fears that Russian companies searching for oil in remote areas are unprepared for emergencies  & could cause a disastrous spill in the pristine waters of the Arctic. BBC News  Excouncillor 
Robert Payne jailed for 
killing kittens Selling used goods as new appears endemic in the electronics retailing industry in Australia, with Harvey Norman & JB HiFi stores regularly engaging in the practice, sparking investigation by NSW Fair Trading  Buyers are finding previous owners' photos, pirated movies & porn on 'new' devices.

 Canada rejects 'comical' alQaeda link to Damascus blasts A Chinese court sentenced a veteran activist to nine years in prison for inciting subversion, in what appears to be the most severe punishment handed down in a crackdown to prevent the spread of Arab Springstyle democratic uprisings.