 b'Israeli cell phone ad shows friendly game of IsraeliPalestinian football over the Wall.  Palestinians test it out; kick ball over wall.  Salvo of tear gas grenades fired in return.   Includes video.   LOL. ' Chevron getting hit with $27B fine for destroying Ecuador's rain forest Chevron has no plans to pay it b'Human rights activist Natalia Estemirova was the conscience of Chechnya. Tuesday morning, as she walked out of her house, she was dragged into an unmarked white Lada, screaming vainly for help.' Israel cuts 1948 'catastrophe' from Arabic textbooks b'Darkness envelops Asia during total eclipse' b'Amnesty Saudi Arabia is holding more than 3,000 people in secret detention and has used torture to extract confessions' Because of ethnocentric Israeli land ownership  laws, most Arabs can't buy most homes in West  Jerusalem, despite Netanyahu's claims to the  contrary, made in response to the U.S. request to  halt a Jewish construction project in East Jerusalem. b'Amnesty International has strongly criticised Saudi Arabia over abuses allegedly committed under its counterterrorism program.' b'France has summoned the Israeli ambassador in Paris to demand a halt of Jewish settlement in east Jerusalem' b'Israel leaves the inhabitants of the West bank thirsty while on the other side of the fences Palestinians see green lawns and sprinklers irrigating the whole day' b'The longest solar eclipse of the century  The Big Picture  Boston.com' b'Iran VP pick too friendly toward Israel?  Supreme leader orders President Ahmadinejad to dismiss his deputy.' The boy was afraid. He was standing in front of his grandmother's house when police took him to the CID. After three hours he contacted us... b'Brazil OfficialnReportedly CallsnIsraeli ForeignnMinister a Fascist' Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has reaffirmed his government's five foundations for peacemaking with the Palestinians in a speech to parliament.  Here are the five. b'No more Namibia China blocks search results for entire country' b'Israel to declare as state property West Bank land that has emerged as a result of Dead Sea shrinkage' b'Quake moves New Zealand towards Australia' b'Georgy Gongadze, an outspoken critic of the Ukrainian government, was kidnapped in September 2000. His decapitated body was found near Kiev two weeks later. Now, a former top Ukrainian interior ministry official has confessed to the crime and implicated other senior Ukrainian officials.' b'US to escalate military presence in Colombia causing increases in tension with neighbors such as Venezuela, Ecuador, etc.' b'Israel to use Hitler shot for PR' b'They want to turn these guys into assassins, a former highlevel intelligence officer told me. They want to go on rumorsnot factsand go for political effect, and thats what the Special Forces Command is really afraid of.' b'Clinton urges irreversible steps from N. Korea  Pyongyang is told to dismantle main reactor, surrender plutonium stockpile' b'Ahmadinejad creating a rift with Supreme Leader over inlaw vice president' b'Study Mexican immigration to U.S. drops ' b'New Jersey mayors and rabbis arrested for involvement in international moneylaundering conspiracy' b'South Korean unions prepare for general strike If media is controlled by large conglomerates and capital, then there is no hope for democracy in the South Korea.' Fouryearold Samar Abed Rabbu was paralyzed and lost her two sisters during Israel's offensive in Gaza last December and January. Her family claims to have been waving a white flag while IDF shot at them. b'Swine flu  Country by Country' One cleric's legacy of peace b'Dutch return severed head of Ghana chief' The new Nepalese government has announced its intent to award $1270 to couples in intercaste marriages, and $635 to couples when a widow remarries, a plan that has been welcomed by some caste activists, but opposed by women's rights groups. b'Iceland submits EU membership bid' Israel on 'collision course' with Washington  report b'BRUSSELS  Belgian authorities say three inmates made a dramatic escape from prison by helicopter.' b'North Korea calls Clinton vulgar, unintelligent' Israel bans the word nakba from Arab children's textbooks.  b'Palestinian arrested [by Israel] after testifying in Geneva' b'Gaza Graffiti | The Sitch' b'Fuzzy Wuzzy Angels officially recognised' Violence in South Africa's townships has spread as residents protest about what they say is a lack of basic services, such as water and housing. b'Tokelau aims for 100% renewable energy' Paralysed girl's story reflects Gaza's plight b'Radio has pushed conflict and genocide in Bosnia, Kenya, Pakistan and  most notably  Rwanda, where Radio Mille Collines urged on massacres with phrases like killing the cockroaches. But as anybody with experience of the problem confirms, neutralising hate radio is not so simple.' b'Moscow under redevelopment  shame about the architectural heritage' One of Osama Bin Laden's sons is believed to have been killed by a US missile strike in Pakistan earlier this year b'Murders, rapes and major internal displacement in the Democratic Republic of Congo have been linked to a number of multinational companies ...' b'12 Israelis nabbed for US lottery fraud' b'Big turnout expected in hotly contested Iraqi Kurdistan vote' b'About 100,000 people caught swine flu in England  last week  government information website  overwhelmed' b'British police wants DNA database of everyone who has been arrested, but not convicted of a crime. They argue that innocent people who have been arrested are as likely to commit crimes in the future as guilty people...WTF!?' b'The lives of women are secondary in Nicaragua there is a total ban on abortion.  Women and girls are denied treatments for cancer, malaria, pregnancy complications, HIV, etc that may harm their fetus.  Rape victims must carry pregnancies to term.  Ban disproportionately affects the poor.' For the first time in its history British Army magazine features openly gay soldier on cover next to word 'Pride' Greece prevented it from joining the United Nations, imposed an economic blockade that nearly strangled the fledgling country, vetoed the country's bid to join NATO last year and is blocking its admission to the European Union until it changes its name. b'17 year old girl given life sentence in Canada (tried as an adult) for ordering stabbing death of 15 year old girl. ' b'FOXNews Egypt annexes Iraq' b'Female British police issued headscarves, so as to not offend muslims. Sigh. ' b'Nigerian Taliban kill 200 since Sunday in their fight to stop the spread of western ideas Like saying the world is a sphere' b'German brothels learn something from allyoucaneat restaurants, offering customers the chance to sleep with as many prostitutes as they like for a single fee.' b'The unprecedented trial without jury of four men for armed robbery will begin in January' b'Video of the 19 year old shot in Honduras during unarmed protests [GRAPHIC] [NSFW] ' b'In Havana, U.S. turns off sign critical of Cuban government ' b'Iran supreme leader closes prison over alleged abuses of postelection detainees' b'Reprieve, a Britishbased legal rights group, has begun legal action against the UK government for allowing the illegal transfer of a terrorism suspect from Indonesia to Egypt where they say he was tortured for three months before being moved to Gitmo.' Oh, so that's how you keep your job... b'Apparently that free milk you had in school was actually very good for you..' There are different kinds of victims. People love crime news, but italian media don't speak very much of mafia murders. And that's exactly what mobsters need to continue their work b'Britain to withdraw last forces from Iraq  Iraqi parliament fails to pass deal for troops to protect oil, help in training' b'Fox News redraws the map of the Middle East.' MoD seeks to cut soldiers' payout, sick, sick, sick mindset unfuckingreal! b'400 killed in Nigerian violence' b'A father and his two sons who made up to 7m from a pirate DVD scam have been jailed for six years each' b'The Pirate Bay gets sued. Again.' b'Cheesemakers in space flight bid' Iran's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has ordered the closure of a jail holding protesters detained after last month's disputed presidential election; officials say the authorities are still holding about 300 out of a total of up to 2,000 protesters, political activists and journalists arrested. b'Mum drags daughter onto faux lie detector test on live radio, to ask her if she has skipped school/had sex. She reveals to Australia previous rape experience at 12 years old. ' WTF. Albino children are being hunted. I couldn't get through this without crying (The Big PictureBoston.com) b'2/3 Swedish physicians consider neonatal circumcision an assault The opposing doctors said they did not perform circumcisions unless the procedure was deemed medically necessary. Otherwise, they viewed the procedure as barbaric and akin to unnecessary female circumcision' b'Contrary to what you may have heard, Islam is not going to take over the Netherlands. The number of Muslims has declined by 25.000 in 3 year. Only 35% of them visit the Mosque at least once a month, as opposed to 47% in 1998.' b'Jewish group urges Ontario to review antisemite online postings  all while Israel recruits army of bloggers to flood antiwar websites with hateful views & comments. Bigotry at its best Selective freedom of speech is no freedom of speech at all.' b'The big lie of Afghanistan So far, Obama has pursued the same policy as Bush in Afghanistan. My country hasn't been liberated it's still under the warlords' control, and Nato occupation only reinforces their power.' b'Death toll in Iran protests may be in hundreds, as battered bodies are released to families.  Even conservatives angry.' b'10,000 Uighurs disappeared during unrest in China, exiled leader claims' b'One of their mischievous acts was to test how long a Palestinian who was being choked could survive without breathing.' b'With the country neckdeep in a recession, young Japanese women are increasingly turning to hostessing.' b'Brazilian soccer player Ronaldo will take part in a film about a Palestinian girl who hoped to meet him but was killed by a land mine before she could fulfill her dream' b'Bribery and fraud at heart of defense contracting work in Iraq and Afghanistan' b'Australian racist kills Chinese person who ?? looked Indian (picture included). ' b'Calls to downsize chocolate bars (your ration has been increased!)' Chavez 'will freeze' ties with Colombia and withdraw his nation's ambassador from Bogota b'A Man who allegedly bilked his clients out of 50 million dollars in a ponzi scheme, released from custody on a $30,000 bail.  Yeah, that should keep him in Canada.  Justice Canadian style! ' b'All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing  NZ National Party votes against ban on slave labour imports' b'US envoy fails to ensure Israel settlement freeze' b'15 year old girl used sexual blackmail to get her 17 year old boyfriend to murder a 14 year old girl that she was jealous of and who she had never met.  ' b'22 killed by heavy rain in China' b'Car Bomb Explodes in Spanish City of Burgos, Official Says; 40 People Hurt ' b'Vyacheslav Ivankov, who has been named by the United States as a senior Russian mobster, was shot in the stomach by a sniper as he left a Thai restaurant on Tuesday after apparently mediating between two rival criminal groups.' Honduras US revokes de facto government's visas b'The number of people killed by those with a mental illness increased between 1997 and 2005, official figures show.' b'A law firm in Salt Lake City has been charged with conducting...' b'Did Saakashvili Lie? The West Begins to Doubt Georgian Leader' b'Indian Newspapers after Terrorist Attack on Delhi ..some of the liberties that we take for granted might have to be curbed to ensure that terrorists are effectively restrained,' b'EU Stocks plunge!' Israel raid 'could be war crime' b'Venezuela Joins Bolivia in Expelling U.S. Ambassador  washingtonpost.com' b'US Killed Civilians in Afghanistan After a False Tip From a Rival Tribe' b'BBC News Declining due to Mistreating of Stringers' If there's no such thing as Al Qaeda, how do you explain this? b'U.S. Selling BunkerBusting Smart Bombs to Israel . . . Hmmmm' Pakistan soldiers 'confront US' b'A Global Poll Shows That Only 53 Percent Of Americans Are Opposed To Torture (In Between Azerbaijan at 54% and Russia at 49%)' b'Portal song with typography' b'Russian Television Broadcasted a 9/11 Truth Documentary To 30 million People' Europe Shuns U.S.Style `Active Role' in Boosting Economy, Bank Bailouts b'Nigeria militants warn of oil war ' b'Telling Georgia to keep attacking Russia is like telling a 98pound weakling to rematch with the hulking thug who just put him on the floor.' b'Israeli security forces black performer to dance to prove his identity' Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed a historic powersharing deal with his longtime rival, opposition leader, Morgan Tsvangirai. b'North Korean leader Kim JongIl, who is reportedly recovering from a stroke, began losing consciousness at work in April and could not properly govern as his health worsened' b'Burma Doctor met Aung San Suu Kyi, but refused to gave details on her healh' b'Canadian destroyer helps save Italian freighter from Somali pirates' b'World Bank poverty statistics questioned, additional 400 million people acknowledged living in poverty' b'Islamic Terrorists in Australia Guilty verdicts in terror trial' Minister 'set to quit' over Brown Bono  retire from public life and we'll donate a ton of money to fight AIDS Pentagon loses track of $500 million in weapons, equipment given to Yemen Mexico Offered Sony $20M in Tax Breaks to portray country better in Bond film Egyptian woman who disguised herself as a man for 43 years in order to make a living was honored Tuesday by the government as the ideal mother Vagina piercings to count as female genital mutilation in the UK, even if they are consensual Britain's Shame Evidence Mounts of ChildAbuse CoverUp Canadas Largest Food Retailer To Sell Ugly Produce At Low Prices To Cut Food Waste Gunmen attack Tunisian parliament, may have taken hostages Mexico Bans Animals From Circus  Searching for homes for 2,000 tigers, elephants, giraffes, zebras & other exotic beasts that'll be banned from circuses. France cut welfare benefits for 290 jihadists last year Germany riot in Frankfurt targets new ECB headquarters | Dozens of people have been hurt and some 350 people arrested as antiausterity demonstrators clashed with police in the German city of Frankfurt. Almost a quarter of major Japanese companies are considering adopting the governments proposed meritbased pay system the socalled whitecollar exemption system to pay workers based on achievement rather than work hours. Egypt is serious about abandoning Cairo as the capital, with a $45B city to be built from scratch Joe Biden If you're wearing orange [a Protestant], you're not welcome in here  Democratic Unionist Party call on US Vice President to apologise for his comments Netanyahu Defeats Chief Rival in Israeli Elections Netanyahu's shock reelection leaves Israel's pollsters redfaced In Mexico journalists get as much respect from drug cartels as they get from the Mexican Government. What both don't want, both kill. Carmen Aristegui, a top journalist who exposed conflictofinterest deals of Pres. Enrique Pea Nieto, his wife and their mansions, is now off the air. Israel Elections 2015 Exit polls give Zionist Union 27, Likud 28 or in tie The EU plans to oblige member countries to share details of tax agreements made with big companies and end the practice of secret sweetheart deals legislation would require countries to automatically exchange information on their tax rulings every three months. Egypt demolishes 1,020 Rafah homes for Gaza buffer zone Palestinians Say Election Results Prove Israel No Peace Partner Netanyahu says US money driving high Arab voter turnout Nigerian army recaptures all but three areas from Boko Haram who is running with their tail between their legs according to Mike Omeri, the national security spokesman Women with vagina piercings to be classed as suffering from FGM. [Even where the women is an adult and has consented] Russia, India to join hands in space monitoring A 15yearold's design for the new 1 coin has been chosen ahead of more than 6,000 entries New Alzheimers treatment fully restores memory function  Australian researchers have come up with a noninvasive ultrasound technology that clears the brain of neurotoxic amyloid plaques The Pirate Party is now measured as the biggest political party in Iceland US removes Iran and Hezbollah from list of terror threats A former ISIS militant has revealed that young Muslim women travelling to Syria to marry jihadists are being passed between men at the rate of one husband a week. BBC News Indian students caught 'cheating' in exams  largescale practice Iran offers to reward US Oil Companies that position against GOP letter signed by 47 Senators Russian treaty with South Ossetia breaks international law NATO UN Mass Grave Found In Iraq, ISIS Suspected Of Genocide Pearson, the worlds largest maker of textbooks and academic materials, has admitted monitoring the social media use of students using its tests Greece adopts antipoverty law despite alleged EU row The legislation calls for households that were cut off because they could not pay their bills to be given a capped amount of free electricity. Up to 30,000 households would also get a housing allowance and 300,000 would receive food subsidies. Saudis halt Sweden visas in 'major escalation' Poland says it will match Russia's diplomatic hostility A US drone strike has killed the mastermind of the Westgate Mall massacre Twitter puts trillions of tweets up for sale to data miners White House 'Deeply Concerned' About Rhetoric from Netanyahu's Party New York to Cuba first direct charter flight takes off The French parliament has voted overwhelmingly in favour of a law allowing terminally ill patients to cease treatment and enter a deep sleep until they die. U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and her Japanese counterpart Akie Abe announced plans Thursday to deepen cooperation in helping girls in developing nations finish their educations, vowing to help them attain goals that many in wealthy countries take for granted. As U.S.led coalition forces confirm they shot down an ISIS drone this week, experts warn the extremists could soon adapt the technology for battle purposes. Obama snubs Netanyahu and criticises Israeli PM's 'divisive rhetoric' President has yet to call Israeli PM to congratulate him on his election victory, as White House says it will have to reevaluate its approach to peace talks Britain, France, Germany, and Italy have decided, over the objections of the United States, to join the Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank, a new internationaldevelopment institution, set up by China, that is poised to become a potential rival to the World Bank. Amazon rainforest soaking up less carbon as trees die young Israeli election still not completely decided  200,000 double envelope votes are yet to be counted. Australia's tobacco plain packaging laws successful, studies show Ten companies directly responsible for third of Australia's greenhouse gas pollution, Australian Conservation Foundation report finds b'The Belgian bodybuilding championship has been canceled after doping officials showed up and all the competitors fled.' Charlie Brooker The BNP represents Britain's workers? They don't even represent basic British craftsmanship b'Excessive cola consumption can lead to anything from mild weakness to profound muscle paralysis, doctors are warning.' 'Ghost airports'  South Korea's new airports fail to take off b'At least 153 of the newlyelected MPs in India are charged in criminal cases, says a study by civil society groups.' b'Gordon Brown announces any MP who defied the rules on expenses will not be allowed to stand at next election. In other news, proposed cabinet at next election made of cats.' b'Sri Lanka Chronology of the key dates in the conflict' b'Media coverage comparison of the conflicts in DR Congo and Darfur. If only the country with more violence had more gorillas.' b'Catholic priest jailed in 2004 for pocketing millions from his church granted full restoration of his priestly duties by the head of the Catholic Church in Singapore.' b'  In a deft bit of science diplomacy active since 2001, Syracuse University has been engaging with a North Korean counterpart to bring a bit of knowledge  and some trust  to the Hermit Kingdom.' b'Bride and groom batter a man to death the morning after their wedding' b'Red Alert Brazil and China eye plan to axe dollar' b'Chances to prevent 7/7 attacks were missed' This is appalling  it's a sentence you'd expect from an ayatollah Cell phone nets TDCJ inmate 60 more years  Inquiry into 7/7 Branded 'Whitewash' by Victims Over 40% of Israel's Arab citizens say the Holocaust never happened (up from 28% in 2006) b'Hurrah and Boo! UK told to prepare for oncoming heatwave [BBC]' Israel's prime minister tells Obama he wants to restart peace talks b'Leader of the Tamil Tigers killed. It really is over. ' b'Ethiopian military forces have crossed back into Somalia' b'Careful, sober analysis of situation in Guatemala' Sri Lanka leader hails 'victory' b'Young Pakistanis Take One Problem Into Their Own Hands  (a little bit of good news)' b'Thailand  Tourist faces between 2 and 5 years in jail for stealing a beer mat.  Makes Dubai sound good...' b'MPs on all sides tell the Speaker Michael Martin he must go' A 42yearold woman running for mayor in a violent southwestern Mexican state has been kidnapped and decapitated. More than 200 witchdoctors and traditional healers have been arrested in Tanzania in a crackdown on the murder of albinos for their body parts. The latest victims include a oneyearold albino boy, killed in northwestern Tanzania a few weeks ago. Richest man in US Congress would be 166th richest in China's congresses Boko Haram Surrounded on All Sides by UnitedMilitary Forces The Wikimedia Foundation believes it can win its case against the NSA because it has evidence that mass surveillance had caused it harm, cofounder Wales said | We have proof that it's actually impacting us from the Snowden documents. Wikipedia was specifically targeted for upstream surveillance Town in Canada bans spitting, swearing, and gathering in groups larger than 3; Lawyers' group claims law unconstitutional, will defend those charged for free. Second exMossad chief joins chorus criticizing Netanyahu Dalai Lama says he may not reincarnate. China Decisionmaking power over the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama... resides in the central government of China. World Putin Responsible for Murder of Boris Nemtsov Says Daughter Alzheimer's memory loss reversed by breakthrough treatment using ultrasound, scientists in Australia discover. Scientists will be reopening the LHC after increasing its energy output by 62.5%. They're hoping it will show evidence for Supersymmetry, a theory that fills in gaps with the standard model that were previously not possible to achieve. New Iran laws reduce women to babymaking machines  Amnesty An Afghan artist has been forced into hiding after receiving death threats for dressing in a metal suit featuring exaggerated breasts and buttocks. Kubra Khademi wore the unusual armour in a performance on the streets of Kabul to highlight the problems of sexual harassment faced by women. The U.N. torture investigator accused the United States on Wednesday of stalling on his requests to visit its prisons where 80,000 people are in solitary confinement and to interview inmates at Guantanamo on his terms. Norwegian Researchers Are Crowdfunding to Make Psychedelics and MDMA Free for Global Medical Use | VICE News New Zealand Witnesses Protests Against Trans Pacific Pact Critics Allege TPP Is Harmful To Common Man 250YearOld Pretzel Unearthed by German Archaeologists The main suspect in the murder of Nemtsov says he confessed under torture 30 Feared Dead in Shopping Center Fire in Russian City of Kazan A number of British intelligence staff have been sacked for inappropriately accessing personal information, it has emerged. The revelation came as the results of a longawaited report by Parliament's Intelligence and Security Committee (ISC) were published. Google algorithm changes allow company press releases to top news searches Reporters Without Borders Unblocks Banned News Websites U.S.trained and armed Iraqi military units, the key to the American strategy against ISIS, are under investigation for committing some of the same atrocities as the terror group Czech secret services have found three russian spies China interested in Athens Airport  Plans to make it main Gateway of China into Europe with 50+ million Chinese entering per year German antivaccer wagers  100,000 to anyone proving the existance of the measles virus. Researcher sends him articles proving the virus' existance and takes him to court where he's ordered to pay the full amount. Iran The letter by American senators indicates the collapse of political ethics in the United States The Euro and the US Dollar are now worth the same amount Canadian school takes 21 students out of school as parents refuse to vaccinate them while a measles outbreak reaches 119 cases Penis transplant declared successful for the first time in history NASA Finds Warm Underground Ocean Beneath Ganymede, Jupiter's Largest Moon (pictures/indepth resources) South African mercenariesseen as relics of apartheid after officially being banned in 1998are now back in action in Nigeria, where they're covertly whacking Boko Haram in nighttime raids German FM US Republican Iran letter 'not helpful' an 'understatement'. It is creating the advantage for the Iranians. It is hurting our position in the negotiations. Statues destroyed by Islamic State in Mosul were copies Finland Twothird of parliament candidates favor basic income Chilling Syrian numbers 83% of electricity cut, life expectancy drops 20 years New mystery 'suicide' in Ukraine  A former regional governor has been found dead in Ukraine, the latest in a series of deaths involving allies of deposed President Viktor Yanukovych. Australia bans hunting 'trophies' from lions entering or leaving the country  Lion body parts used as trophies from hunting will no longer be allowed to be imported or exported, environment minister Greg Hunt says Canadian soldiers didn't fire back when Kurds Kurdish allies suddenly and unexpectedly swivelled their weapons away from ISIS targets to shot at the Canadian troops Nearly 13,000 tortured to death in Syria Cuba allows launch of first known free, public Internet service at Havana cultural center Spain puts 'gag' on freedom of expression as senate approves security law Greek PM says Germany owes Greece more than $170bn for atrocities committed during the Nazi occupation Banned BBC documentary on Nirbhaya gang rape in shown by activist in slum where four of the convicts in the case used to live Egypts New Capital City Revealed Indian man responds to documentary on Indian rape with his own documentary on British rape Islamic State 'using chlorine gas' in Iraq roadside bombs Remains of a necklace or bracelet made by Neanderthals have been found in Croatia. The artifacts, described in the latest issue of the journal PLOS ONE, add to the growing body of evidence that Neanderthals had their own rich culture and meaningful symbols long before Homo sapiens came to Europe. First Active Hydrothermal System Found beyond Earth Swedish prosecutors offer to question Wikileaks founder Julian Assange in London on sex assault allegations. The White House on Monday sharply rebuked nearly four dozen Republican senators who sent a letter to Iranian leaders just as nuclear negotiations reach a pivotal moment, characterizing the correspondence as an illegitimate interference in President Obamas foreign policy. U.K. Parliament says banning Tor is unacceptable and impossible Ecstasy, ketamine and crystal meth are currently legal in Ireland due to a ruling in the Court of Appeal on the Misuse of Drugs Act 1977 this morning. Qatar should be stripped of the 2022 World Cup in order to rectify the mistake of awarding them the tournament, the outgoing Fifa executive committee member Theo Zwanziger has said. CIA hacked iPhone, iPad and Mac security  Snowden documents reveal extent of privacy invasion ISIS call for demolition of Egypts Sphinx, pyramids Time to 'move on' from Snowden surveillance revelations, says UK foreign secretary  Foreign secretary says debate sparked by US whistleblower Edward Snowden cannot be allowed to run on forever President Vladimir Putin awarded a state honor to a man suspected by Britain of using radioactive polonium to poison Kremlin critic Alexander Litvinenko in London Iran's Foreign Minister To U.S. Senators 'The World Is Not The United States' Putin Signs Amendments Lowering Penalties For Bribes Britain's divided decade the rich are 64% richer than before the recession, while the poor are 57% poorer Ten dead, including French sporting stars, in helicopter crash in Argentina  Olympic gold medalist swimmer Camille Muffat and Olympic boxer Alexis Vastine among those killed as reality TV show filming ends in disaster President Barack Obama issued an executive order on Monday declaring Venezuela a national security threat, sanctioning seven individuals and expressing concern about the Venezuelan government's treatment of political opponents. Bank Records Reveal Saudi Elites Gave Millions to Boston Marathon Bombers' Mosque US army tanks arrive in Baltics amid mounting Russian invasion fears Earth entering period of fastest climate change seen in last 1,000 years Wikimedia Foundation, the nonprofit organization that runs free online encyclopedia Wikipedia, will file a lawsuit against the National Security Agency and the U.S. Department of Justice, challenging the government's mass surveillance program. China warns Canada not to allow Hong Kong democracy leader to speak to Canadian parliamentary committee Pakistan Jampur Police torture rape victim, family for protesting Parents who praise children too much may encourage narcissism, says study. Researchers following more than 500 children say parental warmth may be a better strategy than inflating the ego A blaze at a mosque in Eskilstuna in central Sweden that injured five people on Christmas Day was caused not by a firebomb but by an overheated deep fryer, a police source told a local newspaper. NZ Prime Minister John Key Retracts Vow to Resign if Mass Surveillance Is Shown Report Saudi Arabia accuses western media of attacking its sovereignty ProRussia fighters have withdrawn weapons, says Ukraine president Amnesty International warns antiterrorism bill could target activists Pope Francis has called for greater transparency in politics and said elections should be free from backers who fund campaigns in order to prevent policy being influenced by wealthy sponsors. Britain may broadcast Putin's financial secrets to Russia Homeopathy not effective for treating any condition, Australian report finds The Euro has lost 35% of its value since last May, and is continuing to drop Russia says has right to deploy nuclear weapons in Crimea India Launches Its First Indigenous Rotavirus Vaccine. At $1, It Is The Cheapest In The World Boeing 3d prints 20,000 aircraft parts and files a patent for their 3d printing method. State Dept. hack the 'worst ever' Russian hackers, likely working for the Russian government, are suspected in the State Department hack. Somali families living in Britain and the United States are bringing their daughters to Kenya to secretly undergo female genital mutilation (FGM) as their home countries crack down on the internationally condemned practice. New Island emerges in Pacific Ocean ISIS sympathizer arrested after plotting to bomb U.S. consulate in Toronto CBSA About 80 children rescued from a Boko Haram camp in Cameroon cannot remember their own names or origins, according to an aid official who visited them. Varoufakis unsettles Germans with admission Greece won't repay debts Greece's justice minister on Wednesday warned that German property could be seized in compensation for wartime atrocities, in an escalating war of words with Berlin over Athens' current EU loan deal. Bibi in big trouble New poll shows Israeli PM in danger of losing bid for fourth term ISPs block Pirate Bay proxy sites in battle against online piracy Newfound Egyptian Tomb Has Colorful Murals of Man and Wife The world's strongest teenage girl, 15yearold Russian powerlifter Maryana Naumova, asks 'Terminator' to save RussiaU.S. ties As many as 15 attackers have stolen millions of euros' worth of jewels from two high security vans at a French motorway toll booth Jeremy Clarkson 'punch' Top Gear episodes to be dropped Iran aims to ban vasectomies and cut access to contraceptives to boost births Greece to demand WWII reparations from Germany Athens threatens to seize German assets over WWII reparations Gang suspected of using forced labor & illegally dumping tens of thousands of tons of rubbish across England arrested Obama Said to Resist Growing Pressure From All Sides to Arm Ukraine Anonymous released 9,200 ISIS supporter Twitter account names to apply pressure on Twitter for suspending them World waits to see if Putin turns up Putin Orders Northern Fleet to Full Alert for Combat Readiness Exercise, include 38,000 military personnel, 3,360 pieces of equipment, 41 ships, 15 submarines, and 110 airplanes and helicopters Russia's Putin appears in public for first time since March 5 Islamic State fighters caught fleeing battlefield dressed as women Three teenagers who were stopped from travelling to Syria from Turkey have been flown back to the UK and arrested Montreal march against perceived police brutality declared illegal Tens of thousands of Brazilians are marching in cities demanding President Dilma Rousseff's impeachment and blasting what they say is deep government corruption Ukraine president calls on allies to boycott 2018 World Cup in Russia President Vladimir Putin has said he was ready to put Russia's nuclear weapons on standby during tensions over the crisis in Ukraine and Crimea Britain is likely to pass a tougher tobacco control bill on Monday that would bar cigarette makers from using their own logos on products and instead require all manufacturers to use a uniform design. ISIS fighters dress as women in desperate attempt to flee battlefield Ancient Statues Destroyed by ISIS were Fake  The ancient statues that Islamic State militants smashed in Mosul last month have been proved to be exact replicas of precious artifacts of Iraqi heritage. The real masterpieces of antiquity are said to be in Baghdad. Christians riot in Pakistan after attacks targeting churches kill 14  Washington Post US Accuses Venezuela Oil Company of $2 Bn Money Laundering Scheme Hezbollah to send 800 of their most elite fighters to Iraq to fight the Islamic State in the decisive upcoming battle for Mosul. The police watchdog is investigating alleged corruption in the Metropolitan Police, including claims it covered up child sex offences because of the involvement of police officers and MPs. Saudi beheading takes 2015 execution tally to 45 Putin was surprised at how easily Russia took control of Crimea  Washington Post A Chechen mother has kidnapped her two Dutch young children, aged 7 and 8, and has taken them to Syria to join Islamic State, Dutch prosecutors said on Monday, in the first known case in the Netherlands of kidnapping by one parent to join the militant group. Venezuelan president Nicols Maduro given power to rule by decree | World news Cyclone Pam has wiped out development in Vanuatu, its president said, amid ongoing concern over residents of the Pacific nation's outlying islands. An annual report delivered recently to the US Senate by James Clapper, the director of National Intelligence, removed Iran and Hezbollah from its list of terrorism threats, after years in which they featured in similar reports Turkish jets intercept Russian military plane near Turkeys airspace Silk Road moderator Samesamebutdifferent pleads guilty, faces life in prison Irish nofrills airline Ryanair confirmed its board has approved plans to start flying lowcost transatlantic routes starting from $14 in the next five years. Stripsearched girl can't return to her school, Quebec judge rules . In the strip search, the girl was asked to remove all her clothing, including her underwear. No drugs were found. Netanyahu If I'm elected, there will be no Palestinian state France aims to criminalize advertising with anorexic models Frenchman hides Russian wife in a suitcase to sneak her into EU  Polish border guards have detained a French citizen who packed his Russian wife in a suitcase, attempting to smuggle her over the Belarus border. Officials noted later that she would've been able to enter EU legally. Canadian universal drug plan would save billions, UBC researchers say $1$5.4 billion annual public cost offsetting $8.2 billion annual private sector cost South Korea reduces water supply to North Korea Ex Mossad head predicts dramatic improvement in USIsrael relations if Netanyahu loses election ISIS Vows To Blow Up The White House, Big Ben And The Eiffel Tower Spain finds Don Quixote writer Cervantes' tomb in Madrid Germanys goal Restoring Russiaannexed Crimea to Ukraine Its important despite, or because of, this to work for a peaceful solution and not rest until the full sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine is restored, and of course this includes Crimea, Chancellor Angela Merkel said Monday Russia says it would not hand back Crimea to Ukraine, despite warnings by the United States and European Union that they will not drop sanctions over the Black Sea peninsula's annexation a year ago Mexico set to allow armed U.S. customs officials within its borders Alert after 200 metal balls coated in cyanide stolen in raid at UK industrial firm More coal plants are being cancelled than built. The number of cancelled coal projects across the world has outstripped those completed at a rate of two to one since 2010 Myanmar court jails three over 'insult to Buddhism'  The men had used a picture of Buddha wearing headphones for an online promotion Saudi Arabia says it will want same enrichment rights as Iran if nuclear deal is done | Prince alFaisal I've always said whatever comes out of these talks, we will want the same. France, Germany, and Italy to join Chinaled Bank. Adelaide, Australia Catholic Archbishop Philip Wilson has been charged with concealing child sexual abuse In slow opening of Cuban Internet, govt allows a public WiFi network Less than two months after Netflix opened up its services to Cuba, the island nation now apparently has a new, free public WiFi space US to maintain Crimea sanctions until Russian rule ends Democratic Republic of Congo wants to open up Virunga national park to oil exploration  DRC government to consult Unesco to explore judiciously in Africas most biodiverse park and a world heritage site Latvia reports two Russian black hole subs and research ship on edge of territorial waters Red Cross People in Vanuatu 'desperate' for food, water and shelter ISIS kidnaps 20 medical workers in Libya The Pirate Party is now measured as the second biggest party in Iceland with 22% in new poll For the first time, the world economy grows while carbon emissions don't British Home Secretary Theresa May warns the public still do not grasp the scale of child sex abuse in Britain, saying it is 'woven into the fabric of our society' Police Coverup of Child Sex Abuse in Sheffield 'Bigger Than Rotherham' Russia ETF Falls As Kremlin Reportedly Prepares For 'Mysterious' Announcement Russian channel 'Rossiya 24' prematurely reports on Putin meeting which has yet to happen. ISIS Has Lost 25 Percent of Territory It Once Held in Iraq, US Says UK MPs propose that elective cosmetic genital surgery to create socalled designer vaginas should be outlawed under legislation designed to prevent female genital mutilation. Turkish President Erdogan dismisses claims that a new constitution would create dictatorship Buddhist monk calling for equal rights in Tibet arrested and disappeared U.S. Army sending armored convoy 1,100 miles through Europe March is already one of the worst months for poaching in Kenya. Seven elephants have been killed in the last two weeks, followed by two rhinos on Thursday New draft policy to increase Japans flagging birth rate includes support for matchmaking, leave policies, and fertility centers in order to jumpstart babymaking and address the countrys aging population. The national government will also support local governments sponsoring speeddating events. China has sent fighter jets to its border with Myanmar and lodged a diplomatic protest after a Myanmar warplane reportedly dropped a bomb on its territory, killing four civilians. A Man Working for an intelligence agency of an unspecified country that is part of the coalition against IS has been caught smuggling 3 UK girls for IS ISIS Destroyed Iraqi HQ and killed 40 soldiers Pope Says He May Retire From Vatican Soon Pakistani political party spent 125 billion rupees from tax payers money to purchase law makers loyalty President of Leipzig University Internal review of email exchange with rejected Indian student confirms the published email has obviously been faked. Satellites Will Beam OneWay Internet to the Earth's Most Remote Areas  A grant from the UK Space Agency will enable the Outernet project to launch a constellation of 24 satellites by the end of next year. Putin drops his American PR company Covert police unit spied on trade union members, whistleblower reveals Putin Involved in Drug Smuggling Ring, Says ExKGB Officer McCain calls Germany a Russia 'appeaser' 3 Million Whales Were Killed in the 20th Century Report Canadian citizens across the country are gathering today to oppose the proposed antiterrorist legislation (Bill C51) in a country wide Day of Action Chinese PHD expelled for 'illegal missile research' | Two academics expelled from a Norwegian University were suspected of carrying out secret research to help China build advanced highspeed missiles, Norways Police Security Service (PST) has claimed. ISIS is attempting to lure Canadian girls to travel abroad to marry them, using tactics straight out of the playbooks of sex traffickers and pedophiles, says a new documentary to be broadcast this weekend. European Parliament Declares Gay Marriage and Abortion Human Rights C.I.A. Funds Found Their Way Into Al Qaeda Coffers Fox News Military Analyst Under Fire for Saying the U.S. May Need to Kill Some Russians (Video) UK VIP Pedophilia Scandal Police pinpoint 'dungeon' flat linked to abuse parties and child murder World Kurds Say ISIS Used Chemical Weapons Swedish cartoonist who depicted the Prophet Muhammad as a dog has received a prize for courage from a free press group, at a heavily secured event in the Danish parliament. US shuts down Saudi embassy amid security fears The devil is punishing Mexico with violence Pope Francis China is World's Largest Investor in Renewable Energy Resources Jupiter's Moon Ganymede Has Salty Ocean with More Water Than Earth ExNSA director China has hacked 'every major corporation' in U.S. Cyclone Pam leaves 'most' of Vanuatu population homeless | The president of Vanuatu has told the BBC most of his people are homeless after the devastating cyclone that hit the Pacific island nation on Friday. Turkey blocks website of its first atheist association The Vice President of Sierra Leone has requested asylum at the American embassy New report provides revealing view into the socalled troll den that produces thousands of proKremlin posts and comments every day Egypt to build a new capital the size of Singapore. European Parliament calls on EU member states to acknowledge the Armenian Genocide Benjamin Netanyahu told Israel's Army Radio Sunday foreign powers have spent millions of dollars as part of an orchestrated campaign against him. He did not indicate which governments he was referring to, but said they were colluding with the media and leftist groups in a just not Bibi campaign. World ExISIS Hostage Says Jihadi John Played Lead Role in Mock Executions Thousands gather across Canada to protest proposed antiterror legislation John Kerry says the United States will have to negotiate with President Bashar al Assad More than 100 Germans fighting for separatists in eastern Ukraine OPEC finished??  Saudi Arabia says 'LATER!' b'Putin may strip CNN of its Russian broadcasting rights' b'Putin on Georgia What did you want us to do? Wave our penknives in the air and wipe the bloody snot off our noses?' b'Chavez said the U.S. ambassador has 72 hours to leave Venezuela  That's enough *#@! from you, Yankees' b'87 000 British tourists trapped abroad after UK tour operator collapses' 'Who the **** are you to lecture me?' Russian minister's extraordinary rant at Britain's FM b'President Hugo Chavez ordered the U.S. ambassador to leave Venezuela in 72 hours and said he was immediately withdrawing his ambassador from Washington. ' b'Russian Poll 84% Say Truth About 9/11 Being Deliberately Hidden '  Venezuela's Chavez expels U.S. ambassador b'Israeli Settlers have crossed red line (now attacking IDF)' Britain's new class structure wealth and power have been consolidated in a tiny new class at the top. b'We do not want people here who conspire against democracy, says Bolivian President ordering US Ambassador out  t ' b'War Is A Racket' b'Venezuela throws out US ambassador as tensions soar' b' Hallucinogenic chocolates doom Berlin sweet shop' b'It is embarrassing to say, but we have a long history in this country of violent expansion and I think not only do most people in other countries [not] know this, most Americans don't know this.' Catholic priests accuse UK's Channel 4 of having a proMuslim bias Behind Chavez's AntiUS Rant Venezuela government insists it has proof of Bush Administration involvement in an alleged coup plot.  b'Venezuela has thrown out US ambassador and threatened to cut off oil supplies to US' b'End Of The World?  Large Hadron Collider Oct 21, 2008' b'Hurricane Ike Galveston Live Web Cams' b'US kicks out Venezuelan envoy in diplomatic clash.' b'Chavez Picks a Fight With U.S. Venezuela orders out the U.S. ambassador on the same day that it welcomes longrange Russian bombers for military exercises ' b'Chinese economists warn of the biggest adjustment in 30 years' b'holiday Firm Collapses, thousands stranded and more firms to follow ' Google admits handing over European user data to US intelligence agencies, most likely in violation of European Union data protection laws Oh dear... David Cameron wants to stop people using social networks if they are using it for ill and is asking the police if they need new powers to do this. If the UK government restricts social networking in answer to the riots, what separates it from the Arab tyrannies and China? Broadcasters defy Cameron's call to hand riots footage to police. BBC and ITN say police must follow proper procedure of obtaining court order to avoid compromise of editorial standards
 Is News Corp In Charge of Fox? Or Vice Versa? Even Rupert Murdoch is Afraid of Roger Ailes. You know Roger is crazy, Murdoch recently told a colleague, shaking his head in disbelief. He really believes that stuff. China releases 600 million bees to combat moths Finland joins the Ottawa Convention, banning the use 
of antipersonnel land mines. A Mexican terrorist organization sent an explosive device to a professor due to his research in nanotechnology. The group claims to be against the nanotechnology revolution in fear of a nanomachine take over that will mean the end of civilization The Gorbachev Files Secret Papers Reveal Truth Behind Soviet Collapse Migration of men from Armenia leaves whole villages almost entirely populated by women 
The British media is a gang of hypocrites, says China's staterun magazine Global Times in wake of riots.
 Cameron Denies Poverty as a Cause for Riots in London Britain considers mask ban; may use army if unrest continues UK tells Iran happy to talk human rights after riot criticism Riots Tiny Sikh news station coverage shames major TV channels Israel to build 1,600 more settler homes as a response to country's economic protests. 2,700 more homes will be approved shortly With budget cuts leading to the loss of facilities that kept many innercity youths occupied, experts predict a rise in crime (July 29) Hostage situation at the Estonian Ministry of Defence Secret network of racists exposed in Denmark, preparing for a showdown with immigrants and traitors. Many London rioters were from the middle and upper classes Anarchy and Austerity Why London Won't Be the Last City to Burn Israel approves guidelines for medical marijuana
 Norway's killer may have filmed his massacre London rioters a primary school worker, a postman, an 11yr old boy w/2 phones, millionaires daughter Why Are They Using Baseball Bats Instead of Cricket Bats in the U.K. Riots?
 $62k USD reward offered for WikiLeaks to obtain and publish secret TransPacific Partnership Argeement 12 nation internettrade deal U.S., Israel lose UNESCO voting rights Supreme Court of Canada finds gov't must get distinct warrant to search a computer found with a search warrant It is difficult to imagine a more intrusive invasion of privacy than the search of a personal or home computer. German Trust in United States Plummets The NSA spying scandals have taken a toll on Germans' opinion of their longtime ally, according to a new survey. Mistrust in the United States has skyrocketed, and more Germans are viewing whistleblower Edward Snowden as a hero. Woman who cried wolf about rape may have to face her victim in court Creator of the World Wide Web  Sir Tim BernersLee slams governments for 'seriously spying' on the Internet Video emerging from The Philippines as Typhoon Haiyan comes ashore with winds reaching 378 km/h. Super Typhoon Haiyan, one of the strongest storms ever seen, heads for Philippines. Royal Marine found guilty of 'executing' Afghan insurgent Snowden persuaded other NSA workers to give up passwords Only a few weeks until internet surveillance starts in Norway to prevent piracy. (Google translated Norwegian page) How telcos 'collude' with the NSA and GCHQ Google and Yahoo were quick to condemn the NSA for spying on their customers, but telecom firms remained conspicuously silent  and for good reason. Privacy International has filed a complaint against them with the OECD. The Philippines are about to get wrecked by one of the strongest storms in history. CocaCola vows to axe suppliers guilty of land grabbing. CocaCola has said it will cut off suppliers that do not follow guidelines to protect the land rights of local communities in developing countries. Former Garment Worker Fights to Unionize Walmart's NearSlave Labor in Bangladesh NYT West and Iran on the verge of Nuclear agreement. Kerry called unexpectedly to Geneva. Arafat Poisoning Israel Is 'Only Suspect' Universities cancel Muslim clerics speaking tour over concerns about his antigay views Japan's Offshore Wind Power Rises within Sight of Fukushima Nuclear Plant  Unique turbines that float on the surface rather than rest on the seafloor can be placed in deeper waters Israel 'utterly rejects' potential Iran nuclear deal; Kerry heads to talks in Geneva The Guardian Oil traders claim crude prices fixed Europe decides to open up clinical data but one of world's biggest pharma companies wants to keep their trials secret. Here's why Japans military is stationing unarmed missiles on islands that mark the gateway to the Pacific, officials said Thursday, as part of a major drill that has made China nervous. Pressured to work for MI5. British intelligence agencies have a strange recruitment campaign among Britains young Muslims. Put out more flags, says Putin in patriotism drive. In a new appeal to conservative values and voters as he tries to lift his popularity ratings, Putin also criticized the use of foreign words by Russian professionals, saying it was a sign of weakness. Mexico Mayor killed for 'standing up to drugs cartel' Myanmar is preparing to adopt the Metric system, leaving USA and Liberia as the only two countries failing to metricate. Malala Yousufzais recent book I am Malala will be banned completely due to its controversial contents in all private schools across all the Pakistan Greek coastguard halts ship carrying 20,000 Kalashnikovs, places Turkish captain in custody Man is given 39 life sentences + 212 years for multiple rapes, sexual assault, kidnapping and theft. Typhoon Haiyan makes Sandy, Katrina look like weak cousins. Might be the fiercest typhoon in recorded history  winds of 195 to 235mph There, outside the bus, just a few dozen meters away is the real dead zone, a place where it is still far too dangerous for anyone to go. No human has been inside reactor three since the disaster. To do so would be suicide. Noone knows when it will be possible to go in. Five people detained in Romania for planing to kidnap an 14 yearold boy. The boy was set to marry an 8 yearold girl. Smoggy Beijing sees lung cancer cases soar Philippines 'bodies in the streets', with many feared dead in typhoon Haiyan. Reports from worsthit areas suggest the death toll will rise significantly as storm's passing reveals scale of damage. Critically endangered species in Sumatra on the road to extinction Some of the world's most vulnerable creatures could be wiped out if a highway through the Haparan rainforest is approved The Kremlin Is Losing Control of the Nationalist Movement It Helped Create. Russian nationalism, with its dangerous xenophobic overtones, is now spreading to the country's 'silent majority.' Vigilante ranchers, fruit growers kick out brutal drug cartel in western Mexican state Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger to face MPs over Edward Snowden intelligence leaks Rickets Making Comeback In The UK, Doctors Say Oil prices may plunge if Iran gets a nuclear deal Images of the persecuted stateless Rohingya people are currently being projected onto the outside walls of the Washington Holocaust Memorial Museum, Myanmar calls the display inappropriate. Right Wings Surge in Europe Has the Establishment Rattled 100 bodies have been spotted by aviation official in the streets of the city of Tacloban, Philippines. Death toll feared to be much higher Anger after Chinese delegate to Melbourne charged with rape of student Song Jingsong was charged with raping an Australian university student guide in August Why 140,000 Chinese people want to kick out CNN U.S. Ambassadors letter from former Japan Ambassador Worsening radioactive contamination of the sea will soon awaken whole world Chinese Obtain 80% of Portugal Visas Given to Property Investors Philippines Typhoon Haiyan 'Most people hid in their closets' Bill Gates What I Learned in India's Fight Against Polio  India's success in eradicating polio offers lessons for solving other human welfare issues worldwide 1.8 tonnes of ivory found in Chinese home in Tanzania. Authorities found at least 1800kg ivory at a home of Chinese nationals in Dar es Salam Mikocheni area. The haul is still being counted and could increase. So far 706 pieces of ivory have been counted representing over 200 elephant deaths. Jimmy Carter the president of South Africa, Thabo Mbeki...he was refusing to let Aids be treated...Thats the closest Ive come to getting into a fist fight with a head of state. Father arrested in France after his 14yearold daughter secretly films him on a webcam as he sexually assaults her President Putin signs law requiring terrorists relatives to pay for damages The Google File System makes NSAs hack blatantly illegal and they know it Bin Laden has won, says Richard Dawkins after having honey confiscated by airport security Three police officers suspended over failure to help innocent man branded a paedophile, beaten and set on fire UK cops officially detained David Miranda for thoughtcrime Irish Atheists Urge Repeal of Nations Blasphemy Law at Constitutional Convention 5 teens in France arrested for stealing a circus llama and taking him on the subway British minister says Islamic veil should be banned in courts  Muslim women should be banned from wearing a veil when giving evidence in British courts, a cabinet minister in Prime Minister David Cameron's government said on Sunday, arguing it was hard to judge someone's testimony otherwise. N.Korean naval drill goes horribly wrong, ship sinks, 30 crew dead, Video shows Supreme Leader Kim Jongun visiting their graves Turkish troops engage three suspected Syrian Rebel vehicles on border  cars found to contain large quantities of chemical weapons Report NSA among worst offenders of mass surveillance 'NSA gave no answers on why they were mass spying on Europeans'  head of EU delegation Uncensored Instagrams From North Korea Buck Brutal Trend of Secrecy Turkish PM Erdoan says male and female students should not live together in same house and we will intervene as government Saudi Arabia arrests a Kuwaiti woman driving her diabetic father to a hospital Another AntiGay Attack in Russia Two Victims Attacked by Two Masked Men; One Shot in the Eye. Police Leave the Scene Almost Immediately After Arriving, Saying There's No Crime to Investigate Kuwaiti woman arrested in Saudi Arabia for driving her diabetic father to hospital Brazil says Internet privacy must be UN priority Richpoor gap hits health of both. Overall, the United States has among the largest social and economic inequalities of any rich country. Japan and the Scandinavian countries have the smallest . The more equal countries also have the longest life expectancies. EU condemns new Israel settlements plan A bone dug up in a man's garden turns out to be the fossilised limb of a savage sea dinosaur. East Libya declares selfgovernment China discovers that pollution makes it really hard to spy on people  20 million surveillance cameras are now useless UK Claim That 'Journalism Equals Terrorism' Sparks Outrage Teenagers Are Droned, And a Family Cries Out. The U.S. says it was hunting militants on August 8. The dead boys' brother has a different story. Two billion planets in our galaxy may be suitable for life, far more than previously thought North Korea 100,000 prisoners missing, feared dead in gulags Pussy Riot convict 'transferred to Siberia' Norway Bus has been hijacked  currently in progress There is an engine being developed that would run for a year on 8 grams of Thorium fuel In Colombia, no sex till the roads fixed. Wives have refused sex to force politicians to form a coalition government in Belgium, to bring down a dictator in Togo and to end factional fighting in the Philippines. Women... have long known that men have a special vulnerability when it comes to sex. Brazil Acknowledges Spying on Diplomats From U.S. Brazil spied on US, Russia, Iran, Iraq. 8 year old in China gets lung cancer from smog Jihadi Work Accident Blast Destroys Islamic School In Pakistan After Bombs Being Built By Seminary Students Detonate Prematurely New study says One in five Milky Way stars hosts potentially lifefriendly Earths Anonymous prepares for Million Mask March protests around the world North Korea says NSA spying scandal proves the USA is the worst abuser of human rights North Korea has revealed that one of its warships sank last month, killing a number of sailors, in a rare admission of military failure. Germany is only now exposing many Stasiera spies, using new computer technology. A new film shows what that's doing to the country, which may help explain Germans' unusually strong stand against NSA spying. NSA chief may lose 'cyber command' powers Garda (Irish Police) seek help in identifying girl found on the streets of Dublin. They fear that she was victim of sex trafficking. Photos and police contact info in article, if you know who she is Canadian man fights Dubai swearing law by arguing 'fuck off' is not an insult in Canada India to launch Mars Mission today Brazil admits to spying and conducting intelligence surveillance on the US, Iran, and Russia Scientists in Alaska Warn About Spread of Fukushima Radiation Pakistani Taliban spokesperson threatens to attack offices of UN, Voice of America, BBC and those selling the book I am Malala The Indian Mars Mission cost $73 million which is less than the production budget for the movie Gravity ($105 million) Toronto Mayor Rob Ford admits to smoking crackcocaine. The giant Spanish wine corporation Codornu, has permits in place right now to clearcut 154 acres of coveted California coastal redwood forest and grade the soils to construct a sprawling vineyard, roads, and reservoirs in their place Kerry Israeli settlements are illegitimate Kofi Annan  Stop 'war on drugs' today, we know what works and what does not. It is time for a smarter approach to drug policy. Putting people's health and safety first is an imperative, not an afterthought. Female Genital Mutilation Cases Should Be Treated As Child Abuse Report Google engineer accuses NSA and GCHQ of subverting 'judicial process'  Antihacking expert claims British spy agency is 'even worse' than NSA for tapping private networks between Google's centres [Glenn Greenwald's partner,] David Miranda lawyers to argue that Heathrow detention was unlawful Texassized floating island containing one million tonnes of junk from Japan tsunami drifting towards US coast Brazil admits to spying on US diplomats after blasting NSA surveillance Catholic church slams Israel razing of its property Egypts Muslim Brotherhood finds havens abroad. Some Brotherhood leaders are living in exile in Doha  and Al Jazeera is paying their bills. Protesters gather around the world for Million Mask March; Demonstrations in more than 400 cities were planned to coincide with Guy Fawkes Day, with Russell Brand at a London protest Surge in ADHD diagnoses gets a red flag Rob Ford  'Yes, I have smoked crack cocaine.' Israel orders more demolitions of Palestinian flats in Jerusalem Brazilian government to stop buying nonauditable software Bodies of Massacred Christians Found in Mass Grave in Syria Two Russian Tupolev Tu160 bombers violate Colombian airspace. Russia has failed to appear before an international court that is hearing a Dutch bid to force the release of the Greenpeace protest ship Arctic Sunrise and the activists who were on board her. Apple takes strong privacy stance in new report, publishes rare warrant canary Apple has never received an order under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act. David Suzuki has issued a scary warning about Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant, saying that if it falls in a future earthquake, it's bye bye Japan and the entire west coast of North America should be evacuated. Lebanon Outraged Over Kidnapped Teen Bride A 13yearold girl was abducted by her fathers creditor and forced to marry his older son, in a case that has activists calling for a minimum age for marriage in the country Video of the attack on Greek NeoNazis Golden Dawn where 2 people died and 1 is heavily injured. 022 mark starts, attack lasts only 10 seconds. Nigerian wedding party in Borno State massacred by gunmen  More than 30 dead (groom among the victims) Exclusive Swiss study says Polonium found in Arafat's bones. Scientists find at least 18 times the normal levels of radioactive element in late Palestinian leader's remains EU rules that gay Africans are entitled to asylum  According to the European Court of Justice, a gay refugee from a country where people are jailed for being homosexual does qualify as a persecuted group eligible for asylum. Gray whale stranded dead with a stomach full of plastic. Leaked Document Reveals Plot to Destabilize Venezuelan Goverment US Embassy Officials Encouraging Acts of Sabotage Legalisation of cannabis motion defeated in Irish Parliament. The motion was defeated 1118 New Zealand police are refusing to act on a selfconfessed group of gang rapists, but are threatening a man with 6 months in prison for parodying their inaction UK Gov't Losing The Plot Now Claiming Snowden Leaks Could Help Pedophiles Google has started encrypting traffic between data centers, effectively halting joint surveillance by NSA and GCHQ Fancy French restaurant under fire for seating beautiful clients in public view and hiding ugly ones 'Silk Road' illicit online market reopens just four weeks after US seizure Yasser Arafat may have been poisoned with polonium, tests show Swiss scientists find levels of polonium 18 times higher than normal in first forensic tests on former Palestinian leader's body 100s of Protected Tortoises Found in Luggage at Thai Airport  After Xraying the suitcases, they found 423 radiated tortoises, as well as 52 unknown species of turtle or tortoise. New Leaks Show NSA Spying on U.N., Climate Summit, and existence of NSA database called Dishfire that 'stores years of text messages from around the world, just in case.' NSA and GCHQ mass surveillance is violation of European law, report finds  Authors of study warn of 'systematic breach of people's fundamental rights' and call for EU parliament to take action LIVE  Heads of MI5, SIS (MI6) and GCHQ face live televised public grilling from UK MPs at 1400 GMT Hate rallies targeted at ethnic Koreans living in Japan have spread from Tokyo and Osaka to smaller regional cities over the past six months Liechtenstein wants to naturalize whistleblower, Edward Snowden (sorry for the bad translation) Audio of Royal Marine sergeant shooting unarmed insurgent, while saying Shuffle off this mortal coil, you c**t. Pakistan Taliban appoints new leader  Mullah Fazlullah, who ordered death of girl student Malala Yousafzai, is the new commander of TehreekeTaliban Pakistan 'ready to deliver nuclear weapons to Saudi Arabia' Saudi Arabia has invested in Pakistani nuclear weapons projects, and believes it could obtain atomic bombs at will, a variety of sources have told BBC Newsnight. Tim BernersLee encryption cracking by spy agencies 'appalling and foolish'  Inventor of world wide web calls for debate about 'dysfunctional and unaccountable' oversight of NSA and GCHQ Sarah Harrison joins other Edward Snowden files 'exiles' in Berlin; UK journalist's lawyers advise against returning home after assisting NSA whistleblower, says statement on WikiLeaks site The ATeam Killings If true, these accusations would amount to some of the gravest war crimes perpetrated by American forces since 2001. Onefifth of the worlds biggest banks may be broken up or sold as part of a radical course correction to boost shareholder returns, according to McKinsey & Co.. Edward Snowden's letter to Germany revealed.He is ready to go to Germany and testify over the US wiretapping of Angela Merkels phone on condition of granting him political asylum A new law requiring Muslim women to remove a burqa or niqab to prove their identity to West Australian police has been passed by the state's parliament. Japan Likely To Pass New Secrecy Law That Would Put Whistleblowers And Journalists In Jail Report Japan is hunting its whales and dolphins to extinction These Drones Attack Us and the Whole World is Silent New Film Exposes Secret U.S. War Israeli warplanes strike military base in Syria Germany may ask Edward Snowden to be witness in NSA inquiry Ireland to consider marijuana legalization bill Tunnel linking US and Mexico found. It's complete with ventilation, electricity and a railway. Meanwhile in Russia Man, 80, fights bear, falls off cliff  and survives U.S. Congress committee endorses $488 million aid to Israel Saudi sheikh Ali al Hemki declares fatwa against manned missions to Mars Russia's PM says U.S. hurt by evidence of cynical spying 'Can the situation be calmed? I think it's possible. But to be honest, no assurances will help here,' he said. What can you say in this situation? Sorry, we won't do it anymore or We will not try to listen in on you? Nobody will believe it Highprofile stories of children expose Europes antiRoma prejudice Within days... a kind of witch hunt was underway in many countries, with officials and ordinary people scouring Roma enclaves for white children on the presumption that any fairskinned child must have been snatched German MP meets Snowden, says he is willing to come to Germany for inquiry Male prisoners in UK to wear uniforms and be banned from watching television  A new regime instigated by Chris Grayling aims to promote incentives and earned privileges Mass grave in Bosnia could be biggest of 199295 war, authorities say China is spying on you through your KETTLE Bugs that scan wifi devices found in imported kitchen gadgets Pacific Ocean 'Warming 15 Times Faster than Ever Before'  Study adds weight to the theory that recent global warming 'pause' is down to heat absorbed by ocean depths Senate committee backs bill that would allow NSA data collection to continue; bill a direct challenge to Leahy Bill that would end domestic phonerecords collection. Today the Singaporean government newspaper was attacked by Anonymous. This was what they did. CONFIRMED Israel Launched Strikes On Syrian Missile Sites, Damascus Russia & China Block Bid to Create 2 Massive Antarctic Ocean Sanctuaries According to a German lawmaker, Snowden is ready to testify in Merkel tapping case A video that appears to show a Saudi man beating a migrant worker is causing growing outrage in Saudi Arabia A man believed to be an Asian migrant worker cowers as his tormentor beats him with a belt. The shocking images spark outrage and a police hunt for the culprit Jose Mujica 'I earn more than I need' The man described as the world's 'poorest president' discusses Uruguay's move to legalise marijuana. Israel 'furious' with White House for leak on Syria strike Bill Gates says putting worldwide Internet access before malaria is 'a joke' No fewer that 25 students at a Lagos school yesterday went into a coma after inhaling fumes from chemical waste allegedly discharged by Bizcircuit Photo Laboratory, located a few meters from the school premises. When attackers threw acid in Shamsia Husseini's face outside her school in Afghanistan, she defied them by returning to class  and now she has struck another blow for female education by becoming a teacher herself Snowden seeks world's help against US charges Spy agencies across Western Europe are working together on mass surveillance of Internet and phone traffic comparable to programs run by their U.S. counterpart denounced by European governments, Britain's Guardian newspaper reported on Saturday. New Snowden revelations show European governments tap private communications, despite criticizing US for doing same. Jailed Pussy Riot member still disappeared Stop exporting your abortion problem, Britain tells Ireland Pussy Riot Member Nadezhda Tolokonnikova 'Goes Missing' During Prison Colony Transfer Pussy Riot Tolonnikova 'out of sight. One of the jailed members of the Pussy Riot protest band has vanished from sight since she was moved to a new prison 10 days ago. Mexico to tackle obesity with taxes on junk food and sugary drinks. President calls for hour of exercise per day and a 'change of culture' as Mexico has higher rates of adult obesity than the US. Europe spies too Leaked documents point to cooperative surveillance program NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden says US 'treats dissent as defection' GCHQ and European spy agencies worked together on mass surveillance. Edward Snowden papers unmask close technical cooperation and loose alliance between British, German, French, Spanish and Swedish spy agencies. Israel plans to Demolish Homes of 15,000 Palestinians in East Jerusalem Venezuela has quietly seized control of two oil rigs owned by a unit of Houstonbased Superior Energy Services after the company shut them down because the state oil monopoly was months behind on payments Japan, Russia agree to cooperate on security as China rises Australia's Murdoch Newspapers Lying to Public About Climate Change, Says Study Author Snowden leak reveals Europe's role in mass surveillance programs. UK Snowden reporter's partner involved in 'espionage' and 'terrorism' European Intelligence Agencies were Cooperating in Mass Surveillance NSA spying Germany and Brazil produce draft UN resolution | Document does not name US but calls for end to mass surveillance and gross invasions of privacy 6,000 NATO troops hold one of largest postCold War drills near Russia's borders Innocent man accused of paedophilia, burned to death in UK Inspired by Snowden, more NSA insiders are blowing the whistle United Arab Emirates pushes for stronger laws against sorcerers Edward Snowden 'Speaking The Truth Is Not A Crime' Two French journalists executed in Mali More than 1500 pieces of art found in German House. Estimated worth more than 1.000.000.000. Resistance heroine who led 7,000 men against the Nazis  A tribute to Nancy Wake, the Second World War's most decorated woman, who has died at the age of 98 Mexico says it will waive most of $487 million debt owed by Cuba 4,000pound, World War II bomb forces mass evacuation in Germany An Afghan Tragedy The Pashtun practice of having sex with young boys Snowden document reveals key role of companies in NSA data collection. NSA leverages relationships with commercial partners to collect vast quantities of data from fibreoptic cables, file shows. Additional NSA employees said to be following Snowden's lead Latest Snowden Leaks Everyone Is Spying On Everyone and Sharing It the NSA, intent on exploiting the communications revolution to the full, developing ever more intrusive programmes in pursuit of its ambition to have surveillance cover of the whole planet total command of what the NSA refers to as the 'digital battlefield'. Brazil thinks its being colonized by China, and wants its economy back India's Mars mission launch cleared for Tuesday, Nov 5 France is now the secondbiggest consumer of fast food in the world. Bloody October 30 Iraqi civilians killed every day in deadliest month since 2008 An art collection of around 1500 pictures seized by the Nazis and ordered to be destroyed were discovered in a Munich apartment. Artists include Picasso, Renoir and Matisse. Approx. worth at least a billion Euros. Womenfriendly cafe in Benghazi bombed Injecting sperm may raise chances of conception but lead to fertility problems in next generation Some Fukushima evacuees can never return home, Japanese official admits for the first time In Wetaskiwin, Alberta  An elderly couple died after being hit by a train, when the wife tried and failed to save her husband. They both died because the one wouldnt let the other one be stuck on the tracks. What a hero. Noam Chomsky slams Canada's shale gas energy plans. Canada's rush to exploit its tar sands and shale gas resources will destroy the environment as fast as possible, according to Noam Chomsky. No Morsel Too Minuscule for AllConsuming N.S.A. TransPacific Partnership Trade Deal Is Reached Previously Unknown Lines to the 'Epic of Gilgamesh' discovered in stolen cuneiform tablet  A serendipitous deal between a history museum & a smuggler has provided new insight into one of the most famous stories ever told Montreal to dump 8 billion liters of sewage in the St. Lawrence River Human rights are no longer a 'top priority' for the UK Government, says Foreign Office chief ISIS militants blow up ancient Arch of Triumph in Palmyra Obama has ordered the Pentagon, to directly provide ammunition and weapons to Syrian opposition forces on the ground. Snipers have been pictured in Manchester city centre as thousands march in protest to cuts, coinciding with the Conservative Party conference. Armed police can be seen on the roof of the Great Northern complex in images that have been widely shared on social media. The World Bank has said that for the first time less than 10% of the world's population will be living in extreme poverty by the end of 2015. BBC admits faking impressive volcano footage for Patagonia TV documentary that went viral Nigerian Governor promises to return money he stole, but only if he is reelected Chile to create one of world's largest marine parks around Easter Island. Plans put forward by the local people will ban fishing in over 600,000 sq km of the Pacific ocean Australian Doctors Successfully Reattach Baby's Internally Decapitated Head Following Serious Car Crash France moves closer to passing controversial surveillance law.Despite firm criticism from civil liberties groups, the bill has faced minimal opposition from the public and the political classes. Holocaust historians criticise Austrias plan to jail Jewish author who inventoried property stolen from Jews in Vienna Australia The government called in the Federal Police to investigate information leaks from the Nauru detention camp six times in as many months, prompting claims it is pursuing whistleblowers instead of those who allegedly assaulted and raped asylum seekers. Air France bosses attacked by angry workers after announcing huge job losses Syrian rebels call for regional alliance against Russia and Iran German authorities now expect up to 1.5 million migrants in 2015 newspaper Defiant Chinese reporter claims police work with propaganda machine to sway public opinion. Liu recounted how the police try to draw out confessions and then air them on state television to shame suspects and sway public perceptions ahead of their trials. Nato warns russia over syria strikes England's shoppers say goodbye to free plastic bags Tens of thousands protest against UK government Iraqi prime minister says he would welcome Russian airstrikes in Iraq Dozens of Islamist Saudi Arabian clerics have called on Arab and Muslim countries to give all moral, material, political and military support to what they term a jihad, or holy war, against Syria's government and its Iranian and Russian backers. Germany needs to limit refugee influx, close borders Merkel allies Medical aid group Doctors Without Borders denied that Taliban fighters were firing from its hospital at NATO forces before a US air strike killed at least 19 people. In any case, bombing a fully functioning hospital can never be justified. UN says U.S. military's Afghan hospital bombing may be 'war crime' 'Marijuana is infinitely worse' than tobacco, Harper says as he encourages pot debate to go up in smoke 10,000 protest in Moldova over missing $1.5 billion Turkish journalist who acknowledged Armenian Genocide beaten by Turkey ruling party members Palestinian Authority condemns Israel for killing of Palestinian attackers Doctors Without Borders Leaves Afghan City After Airstrike Russia plans to ramp up Syria bombing. Most of H&Ms best factories in Bangladesh still dont have working fire exits Egypt says Russia's intervention in Syria will counter terrorism Palestinian stabber shot dead after killing 1, wounding 4 in Jerusalem's Old City Hopes Fade As 350 Still Missing After Landslide Patients were burning in their beds Witnesses recall horrific Kunduz hospital airstrike Bashar Assad I would leave office if it would help Taller people more likely to get cancer, say researchers  Swedish study sheds new light on link between height and disease  but smoking, obesity and poor diet are still greater risks. Kunduz charity hospital bombing 'violates international law' Mdecins Sans Frontires decries horrific loss of life, as US airstrike revives questions over whether enough is done to protect civilians in Afghanistan Typhoon Mujigae, known as Kabayan in the Philippines, was rapidly intensifying before it hit southern China early Sunday, October 4, 2015. Mujigae was bringing powerful winds and heavy rain. The storm left 120 fisherman missing in the Philippines. TPP negotiations likely to be concluded this weekend. China and Russia to jointly develop new heavy helicopter Grand Ayatollah Ali alSistani Urges Global War Against ISIS TPP talks bogged down over pharmaceuticals Merkel Iran's stance on Israel 'unacceptable' Russian Air Force hits 50 ISIS targets in Syria over 3 days, significantly damaging militants Canada creates tipline, to report Barbaric cultural practices Hundreds of Mauritanian women trafficked to Saudi Arabia trapped in 'slavery'