 Brazilian congress votes to impeach president Dilma Rousseff Ethiopia attack 200 people dead, 100 children missing UK Home Secretary Theresa May 'tried to alter drug report because she didnt like its conclusions' | UK Politics More than 400 refugees drown in Mediterranean after boats capsize crossing from Egypt to Italy Georgia detains six it says were trying to sell $200 million worth of uranium238 Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel backed his outspoken interior minister over comments that a significant number of Muslims had cheered the Brussels bombings, and said supporters of terrorism were a cancer that needed removing US says it will respond strongly in event of another North Korea nuclear test. Pharmaceutical company manager busted with $300 million worth of ephedrine, illegally used for production of methamphetamine in India . Castro, 84, says Cuba's leaders are too old, proposes limits Chinese Parents Outraged After Illnesses at School Are Tied to Pollution Europe can't take in millions of migrants exchancellor Kohl  Former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl has warned that Europe can't become a new home for millions of migrants, in a veiled criticism of incumbent Angela Merkel's liberal asylum policies. Hands off our cherished BBC, say older voters  The government is not trusted by a majority of voters to protect the BBC. Labour has recently accused ministers of trying to intimidate the BBC as part of a wider attempt to limit scrutiny of [the government's] activities. Germany's AfD takes overt antiIslam stance The rightwing Alternative for Germany has called for a ban on minarets and burqas ahead of its party congress Pilot flying into Heathrow airport says 'drone hit plane' Decriminalising Cannabis Would Hurt Islamic State, MafiaItaly Prosecutor. Sweden's housing minister quits after extremism row. Swedish minister Mehmet Kaplan resigns over dinner with Turkish fascist and comments about Israel Brazil leader's ally admits impeachment defeat Video of soldiers torturing woman prompts apology from Mexican defense chief Hacking Your Phone  CBS News 60 Minutes  They were able to do it by exploiting a security flaw they discovered in Signaling System Seven  or SS7. It is a littleknown, but vital global network that connects phone carriers. England's last remaining golden eagle feared to have died in Lake District One of Italy's 100 most dangerous criminals has been arrested by detectives disguised as pizza boys who delivered food to his home as he was watching a football match. UK firm 'employed former child soldiers' as mercenaries in Iraq; Former director acknowledges Aegis Defence Services may have recruited former child fighters in Sierra Leone China releases dam water to ease SE Asia drought Tusk says 'alarming' numbers of migrants in Libya Trudeau Respecting Saudi deal a 'matter of principle' British govt poopoos winning 'Boaty McBoatface' name for ship  After Internet users overwhelmingly voted to christen Britain's new $300 million research ship Boaty McBoatface in an online naming poll, a govt official suggests the name won't be used. A fifth of people with advanced melanoma have no sign of tumours in their body after treatment with a pair of immunotherapy drugs, a study shows. 7YearOld Boy Hit and Killed by UN Ambassador's Motorcade in Cameroon At least 20 reported wounded in Jerusalem bus blast At least 413 people are now known to have died in the earthquake that struck Ecuador, the country's government says. German spies imply Snowden leaked files for Russia Almost 500 Students Fall Ill at Posh Chinese School From Toxic Waste Dumped Nearby 60 Minutes crew facing more time in Lebanese prison on kidnapping charges Why supergonorrhoea is spreading & may soon be untreatable  Englands public health agency has launched an incident response after discovering more cases of gonorrhoea that are resistant to nearly all antibiotics. Solar is now cheaper than coal, says India energy minister State of Undress North Korean dictator bans jeans and piercings in latest crackdown on Western fashion Africa Sees 10fold Increase in Number of Children Used for 'Suicide' Bombings Brazil president says she won't quit after impeachment vote Sea Shepherd Announces the Destruction of an Illegal Antarctic Fishing Fleet Riot erupts in Cairo after policeman kills man over cup of tea US, Germany Golan Heights not part of Israel; The United States and Germany both criticized Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus declaration that the Golan Heights will forever remain part of Israeli sovereignty. Vice President Joe Biden says the U.S. has an obligation to push Israel toward peace with Palestinians despite a sometimes overwhelming frustration with Israel's government Unprecedented global warming as 2016 approaches 1.5 C mark Lausanne, Switzerland is joining the growing list of places looking to experiment with a universal basic income In groundbreaking move, Europe bans 2 endocrinedisrupting weedkillers  Use of Amitrole & Isoproturon, herbicides that have been linked to cancer, infertility & birth defects, is prohibited from Sept 30 IDF discovers twokilometerlong Hamas tunnel in Gaza border area Cuba calls Obama visit 'an attack' as Communists defend ideology Over 1,000 Leaders Worldwide Slam Failed Prohibitionist Drug Policies, Call for Systemic Reform Mexican volcano spews ash two miles into the air over Puebla Egypt floods Hamas tunnel, seven Palestinian trapped Indian police arrest 73 year old anticorruption activist sparking peaceful demonstrations throughout the country Devastating Evidence Puts Murdochs Back in the Crosshairs  Global  The Atlantic Wire Second oil leak has sprung in the North Sea  Shell says 1st one under control London Riots  Mother of 13yearold who smashed up shop blames government. India antigraft activist Anna Hazare detained 
 Reporter Implicates Murdoch Execs and Cameron Aide in News of the World Hacking Scandal; Alleges CoverUp. Breivik called the police 28 minutes before he was taken and asked to be transferred to Delta force to surrender. He received a response he didn't understand and asked that the call be transferred to Delta. No one called back, and he coninued shooting. Israel arrests AlJazeera reporter  Israeli military prosecutors have accused a senior Palestinian journalist with the Arabic language AlJazeera satellite network of being a member of Hamas, an accusation that he denies his lawyer said Tuesday. Libya rebels cut all fuel pipelines to Tripoli  Libya's leader Muammar Qaddafi appears to be running out of options as rebels close in on Tripoli, but an end to his regime could still be a long way off. Phone hacking 'orchestrated coverup' of hacking at News of the World
 Phone hacking News of the World reporter's letter reveals coverup 10,000 Palestinians flee under fire during last three days, no information on their whereabouts UK riots IDS considers ending looters benefits  Clive Goodman's letter to News International | Media | guardian.co.uk  Scud missile fired by Gaddaffi's forces Anna Hazare detained ahead of mass fast 
 U.S. diplomat enrages members of Indian ethnic group after calling them 'dark' and 'dirty' in speech

 Egypt considers audacious plan to build a fixed link between North Africa and Saudi Arabia  Two Facebook users who urged people to join in a riot (that did not happen) via the online service, are jailed for four years. Turkey Warns Syria to Stop Crackdown Gadhafi fires first scud missile Germans recoil as Europe seeks more handouts amid debt crisis German Chancellor Angela Merkel meets with French President Nicolas Sarkozy today to coordinate a strategy for coping with Europe's expanding debt crisis. PET bottles become radiation detectors in Japan Jamaica Observer Food security threat  We have no food reserves. Syria brings in Iranian snipers to quell protests Saudi Arabia strips religious police of arresting power Putin praises Obama for admitting mistakes in Libya Firstly, this fact confirms once again that the current US president is a decent person US corporations have $1.4tn hidden in tax havens, claims Oxfam report Netherlands looks to ban all gas, diesel car sales by 2025 Oil industry knew of 'serious' climate concerns more than 45 years ago In Macedonia after a wiretapping scandal the president pardons all politicians, protesters break into president's office 97% of scientists believe climate change is caused by humans, study finds Over 1,000 Leaders Worldwide Call for End to Disastrous Drug War, Ahead of UN Special Session The use of sniffer dogs at Manchester Airport has been criticised after dogs there failed to discover any Class A drugs in a sevenmonth period. But one dog, trained to detect illegal animal products, often found small amounts of cheese or sausages carried by holidaymakers, a report said. Canadian government under fire over $12bn arms sale to Saudi Arabia. A worldfamous sports stars charity backed by Princess Beatrice and David Beckham is under investigation after the Mail found less than 1 per cent of the cash it raised in the UK has gone to good causes. In a world first, a quadriplegic man can once again move his fingers after a chip was implanted in his brain. Canada's new assisted suicide law will only apply to Canadians and permanent residents, precluding the prospect of suicide tourism. USS Donald Cook buzzed again by Russian jets in Baltic Germany Islam CSU head Scheuer calls for German in mosques. The senior German conservative politician has said German must become the language of the country's mosques and that foreign funding from Turkey and Saudi Arabia must stop. Canada's Liberal government accused of lying about $15billion Saudi arms deal Zika confirmed as a cause of microcephaly CDC  Health Islamic State destroys 2,000yearold ancient gates of Nineveh near Mosul. BP CEO to receive 20% pay rise to $20m/14m US accuses Israel of using excessive force against Palestinians. Annual US report on human rights says nearly half of Palestinians killed by Israel were not carrying out attacks, and many times did not pose a threat to life Swiss banking whistleblower claims the CIA are behind the Panama Papers leak Canadian Police Obtained BlackBerrys Global Decryption Key. A highlevel surveillance probe of Montreal's criminal underworld shows that Canada's federal policing agency has had a global encryption key for BlackBerry devices since 2010. The worlds first museum dedicated to Chinas Tiananmen Square crackdown is to close its doors in Hong Kong, with organisers saying they believe they are being targeted for political reasons. IMF warns of fresh financial crisis NASA Global warming now changing how Earth wobbles A witness to the disappearance of 43 Mexican students in 2014 has told investigators that federal and municipal police were present when the youths were forced from their bus, according to the countrys national human rights commission. N. Korea's early morning attempt to fire ballistic missile ends in failure military Putin admits Panama Papers 'accurate,' blames US Greenland is melting so quickly, scientists thought they had made an error. Half of all jobless in Sweden are foreigners Nasa calls out climate change deniers on Facebook  Nasa had to tell a climate change denier that actually, fossil fuels aren't cooling the planet Jamaica Weighs Replacing Queen Elizabeth and Legalizing Pot Norway's $860 Billion Fund Drops 52 Companies Linked to Coal Welcome to Czechia Czech Republic adopts oneword name A single Iraqi M1 Abrams tank tears through Islamic State in Hit, earning the name Beast Russia FSB raids offices of billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov whose newspaper published 'Panama Papers' The Worlds Only Tiananmen Massacre Museum Is Being Forced To Close Spanish Minister Resigns After Alleged links to Panama Papers A neverbeforeseen galaxy has been spotted orbiting the Milky Way. Leonardo Da Vinci's living relatives found painter, engineer, Oscar nominee Saudi Arabia said on Thursday that $681m (479m) transferred into Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razaks personal bank account was a genuine donation. China blasts US human rights in titfortat report money corrupting politics and calling U.S. airstrikes in Syria and Iraq a gross violation of other countries' human rights. Also cited gun crime, excessive force by police and touched on prison system corruption, homelessness, racial conflict Mexico's President Is Skipping the Big UN Drug Meeting That Mexico Demanded Fossil fuels could be phased out worldwide in a decade, says new study. Average house price in Canada jumps 15% to $508,567 in March EU trade law could criminalise whistleblowers The charity GiveDirectly has just announced it will begin testing universal basic income by spending an estimated $30 million on providing it to 6,000 Kenyans. Fast food workers and union members have held a protest at a McDonald's restaurant at Disneyland Paris to demand higher wages and an end to the use of tax havens by multinational corporations Indian tigers may replenish Cambodian forests Second Canadian Province To Offer Free University Tuition to Low Income Students Saudi Arabia has told the Obama administration that it will sell off hundreds of billions of dollars worth of American assets held by the kingdom if Congress passes a bill that would allow the Saudi government to be held responsible in American courts for any role in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Powerful 7.1magnitude earthquake hits southern Japan BP CEO to get $3.3 million raise after 12,000 layoffs Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster conducts legal wedding in New Zealand  A pastarafian couple in New Zealand has become the first to tie the noodly knot in a legally recognized ceremony officiated by an ordained ministeroni from the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. Global Temperature Averages In February Broke Records and Was Deemed Shocking By Scientists. March has just surpassed It. The supreme Court of Canada has ruled that two key tough on crime measures brought in by previous conservative government are unconstitutional, including mandatory minimum sentencing of 1 year in prison for drug offenses. Iran govt. disqualifies female politician for allegedly shaking hands with a man Japan earthquakes 29 dead and 1,500 injured after second quake in two days Germany's Merkel criticized for allowing prosecution of comedian who mocked Erdogan Millions Face Starvation As Haitis Drought Stretches Into Its 3rd Year  Weve had droughts before, but never like this. Pope takes 12 migrants with him back to Vatican from Lesbos Ancient mass graves discovered in Greece  They're from 675650 BC, a period of great political turmoil in the region. 80 found lined up, some on backs & others on stomachs. 36 had their hands bound with iron. May have been followers of ancient wouldbe tyrant Cylon of Athens. UK government sets up an international Olympics of esports  First twoday eGames competition set for Rio alongside the actual Olympics. Growing wealth inequality 'dangerous' threat to democracy experts Safety checks faked at German nuclear power stations Belgium minister resigns after airport security lapses leak Protesters who blockaded London arms trade fair acquitted after judge sees evidence of illegal weapons on sale Russia is running out of money Protest against Egyptian President 100 arrested over islands given to Saudi Arabia U.S. Report on Saudi Arabia Downplays Civilian Casualties in Yemen Carbyne Scientists create 'holy grail' strongest material in the world that's tougher than graphene The World Health Organization approves world's firstever vaccine for dengue fever. Young French people have been staying up all night for two weeks to protest labour reforms & social inequality Leaked Email ABA Cancels Book for Fear of Upsetting the Chinese Government The American Bar Association insists the move was marketdriven, but an employee email says otherwise. Brazil Supreme Court upholds Rousseff impeachment vote Man accidentally discovers perfectly preserved Roman villa in his backyard  Luke Irwin came across a well preserved Roman villa dating back 1,400 yrs which may have been home to an emperor Apple recovered 2,204 pounds of gold from broken iPhones last year Ed Miliband says Panama Papers show wealth does not trickle down Ecuador earthquake Powerful M7.4 tremor near Pedernales prompts tsunami alerts. Antiausterity protest brings 50,000 to the streets of London to demand David Cameron's resignation Putin revealed to have told Assad 'We will not let you lose' Thousands of people gathered for a fifth consecutive night in the center of the Macedonian capital of Skopje to protest President Gjorge Ivanov's decision to grant pardons to dozens of politicians, including a former prime minister, accused in a wiretapping scandal Earthquake kills 77 in Ecuador, devastates coastal area 9 Guantanamo Bay detainees moved to Saudi Arabia Ethiopia Armed men 'kill 140' near South Sudan border Palestinian who filmed Israeli soldier shooting disarmed man dead in Hebron receives death threats Netanyahu vows Golan Heights will remain part of Israel forever Doctors fear 'supergonorrhoea' will spread across UK Nearly half of British public think all tax returns should be made public Rodrigo Duterte Philippines presidential candidate jokes about rape and murder of Australian missionary Explosion Injures 3 at Sikh Temple in Western Germany How the Panama Papers revealed Nazilooted art Belgian Interior Minister Jan Jambon said Saturday that a significant part of the Muslim population celebrated attacks, blaming the country's policies for failing to integrate migrants into society. Three million residents in the Chilean capital Santiago have been left without clean water after landslides caused by heavy rains polluted the rivers supplying the city. Sacred North Korean Volcano at Risk of Possible Eruption A United States Air Force reconnaissance plane was barrelrolled by a Russian jet over the Baltic Sea during a routine flight in international airspace, U.S. European Command said Saturday. Congress to vote on impeaching Rousseff in divided Brazil AntiIsis coalition 'preparing to launch final assault on Raqqa stronghold', US official says Massive Investment Fund Drops Eleven Companies Linked to Destructive Environmental Practices War on drugs UN challenged by Colombian president Top secret 28 pages may hold clues about Saudi support for 9/11 hijackers Ukraine Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk has just resigned Huge turnout as thousands attend Downing Street protest calling for David Cameron's resignation Cameron's 70,000 tax dodge revealed PM received 200,000 gift from his mother in a bid to avoid death duties, new figures released by Downing St show Temple in Kerala hosts a fireworks competition after being denied permission, fire breaks out, 85 confirmed dead, hundreds injured Scientists have added a oneatom thick layer of graphene to solar panels, which enables them to generate electricity from raindrops Congo expels American researcher after he published a report linking soldiers to the massacres of civilians. Migrant crisis Macedonia repels migrants with tear gas at Greece border Strong earthquake jolts Pakistan The Lancet Half of all maternal, child, and newborn deaths could be prevented for $4.70 per person. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation funded study has found that for only $4.70 each 4 million lives could be saved each year. Spending on family planning alone could save 1.5 million lives annually. Islamist militants kill 18 soldiers, behead 4, in Philippines clashes Obama may visit nuclear ground zero Hiroshima Egypt gives Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia Venezuela energy crisis President tells women to stop using hairdryers and go with 'natural' style to save electricity Bomb explodes in Istanbul, Turkey Syrian prime minister says Russian air force and Syrian army preparing joint operation to liberate Aleppo Cameron releases tax returns information in unprecedented move following row over his financial affairs The world looks away as blood flows in Burundi | World news U.S. needs up to 18 more Russian rocket engines Pentagon India in talks to buy U.S. Predator drones, has eye on China, Pakistan Officials Group that hit Brussels planned 2nd France attack David Cameron faces questions over 200,000 gift from mother Russia's Patriarch Kirill Some Human Rights Are 'Heresy' Melting ice sheets changing the way the Earth wobbles on its axis, says Nasa Report Hamas taps over 1,000 terror operatives to dig Gaza tunnels, using building materials and paying hundreds of thousands of dollars per month for the tunnelbuilding Fifty four large investors managing 1 trillion pounds ($1.41 trillion) in assets have launched a campaign to curb the use of antibiotics in the meat and poultry. A man has been arrested for trying to assassinate the chief forensic expert in MH17 probe China Says 80% of Tested Wells Had Water Too Polluted to Drink Half of British Muslims 'think homosexuality should be illegal' Saudi blogger Raif Badawi, who was sentenced to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes for publishing a liberal blog, is to be awarded the International Publishers Associations Prix Voltaire for his contribution to freedom of speech. N Korea senior intelligence officer 'defects to South' Turkey asks Germany to prosecute comedian for insulting Erdogan Despite ban, women take part in I run Iran marathon HSBC, Coutts & Rothschild British banks help the 1% evade tax, Panama Papers suggest World's Wild Tiger Count Rising for First Time in a Century The leaders of every major Scottish political party publish their tax returns Law firm at the center of the Panama offshore accounts scandal routinely usurped the name of the Red Cross and other charities to help obscure the origin of millions of dollars in questionable funds, two newspapers involved in the investigation reported Sunday. Police station attacked in S. Russia, suicide bombing feared Canada's Attawapiskat First Nation declares state of emergency over recent spate of suicide attempts  11 attempts on Saturday night alone In Hiroshima, Kerry will not apologize for atomic bombs dropped on Japan World's smallest diode created out of an 11 base pair DNA molecule by joint American and Israeli research team. A SpaceX Dragon cargo ship delivered the first inflatable room for astronauts to the International Space Station on Saturday, two days after launching from Cape Canaveral. The world's count of wild tigers has gone up for the first time in more than a century. Fukushima students reach out to tell truth about radiation Swede arrested in Brussels 'brainwashed' by militants Panama Leaks Demand Coordinated Regulator Response, Denmark Says At least 18 soldiers were killed and more than 50 wounded in a gun battle in the southern Philippines between government forces and the militant group Abu Sayyaf Top North Korean intelligence officer defected to South, Seoul says Conspiracy theories abound six years after Polish plane crash in Russia Poland's rightwing government has launched a new investigation into the crash. Jaroslaw Kaczynski, brother of the late president, says the plane broke up in midair and that then Polish PM Tusk was behind the crash Greenland and Antarctic melt isnt just raising seas  its changing the Earths rotation In other words, even as the Earth spins on its axis in a west to east direction, completing a full rotation every 24 hours, that axis itself is also moving. Air France's gay stewards refuse to go to Iran, where homosexuality is punishable by death Scientists have for the first time scanned the brains of people using LSD and found how brain in a psychedelic drug state mimics mind of a baby free and unconstrained. Victoria has become the first state in Australia to legalise the use of medicinal cannabis Muslim woman prevented second terror attack on Paris by tipping off police about whereabouts of ISIS mastermind EU unveils plan to force Facebook, Google and Amazon to pay their fair share of tax Global Fisheries are collapsing. Some stocks depleted already by 85% CIA middlemen and other spies used Panama Papers law firm to hide activities, report says Most of World Bank's Private Investments Linked to Tax Havens Canadian Government offers up to $5 Million for whistle blowers after the release of the Panama Papers. A top African (Nigerian) prophet and televangelist  T.B. Joshuas shell company in offshore tax haven revealed in PanamaPapers U.S. Drone Strike Kills 17 Civilians, Including First Responders In Afghanistan President Obama Libya aftermath 'worst mistake' of presidency Number of wild tigers in the world rises 22%, For the first time in almost a century, there has been an increase in the global tiger population. Some people appear to be born with 'superhero DNA' that cancels out genetic diseases like cystic fibrosis, say researchers. Saudi Arabias top Islamic cleric says women would be exposed to evil if allowed to drive Panama Papers HMRC chief was partner at law firm that acted for David Cameron offshore fund First air passengers land on China's blacklist for 'uncivilized behavior' Television crew of the Australian edition of 60 minutes to be charged with kidnapping 2 children in Beirut. Norway's Lutheran church votes in favor of samesex marriage An impeachment committee of Brazil's lower house of Congress voted 3827 on Monday that there are grounds to impeach President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws to allegedly favor her reelection in 2014 One in every five suicide bombers used by Boko Haram in the past two years has been a child, a report by UNICEF says. Brazil Deploying Troops, Barricades Before Impeachment Votes U.S. to China Abide by International Ruling on Disputed Islands U.S. sources N. Korea may be preparing mobile ballistic missile launch UK  Dennis Skinner kicked out of Commons for Cameron jibe over tax First Interstellar Probe Mission Announced Breakthrough Starshot Will Accelerate Tiny Probes to Alpha Centauri 20 Years After Launch UK Jeremy Corbyn found to have overpaid tax... after the Sun newspaper tried to smear the Labour leader Thailand to Punish Drunk Drivers by Sending them to Work at the Morgue Sugar addiction 'should be treated as a form of drug abuse' Uber says they gave U.S. agencies data on more than 12 million users Wide Majorities of Young Arabs Despise ISIS, Want More Rights for Women, See U.S. as Ally 7.2 earthquake hits MyanmarIndia border Graduates earning less than those who did not go to university, research reveals  Those studying the creative arts and mass communication go on to be among the lowest paid graduates David Cameron says it is 'unfair' to criticise Britishcontrolled tax havens Police Raid Mossack Fonseca headquarters in Panama Greece sells countrys largest port to China Its only April, and scientists are already stunned by Greenlands melting The Danish Meteorological Institute reported that although its only April, nearly 12 percent of the ice sheets surface is covered with a layer of meltwater of a depth of at least a millimeter. Kinder chocolate banned in Palestine because it contains alcohol Swedish Turkish leader resigns after death to Armenians speech Amsterdam airport evacuated for security threat Ecuador's President Demands Release of All the Panama Papers Goldman Sachs has agreed to pay more than $5 billion to settle charges it sold mortgages it knew were likely to fail during the housing bubble heydays of 20052007 Germany train crash Controller 'distracted by computer game' India's Supreme Court Some Hindu temples/mosques ban on women is unacceptable and undermines the fight for gender equality. Worlds largest coal company files for bankruptcy Merkel stresses commitment to free speech in row over Erdoan poem Amid ominous warnings about threats to pollinators and the food crops they make possible, gardencare giant Ortho said Tuesday [12 April 2016] it will stop using a class of chemicals widely believed to harm the most important pollinators of all bees. IMF Inflation in Venezuela is projected to increase 481% this year and by a staggering 1,642% next year Malik Jalal asks to be taken off the Kill List. Shanghai People Who Fail to Visit Parents Can Be Sued, Will Have Credit Scores Lowered Julian Assange The looters and rioters who torched Britains neighbourhoods are doing Big Brother a favour by giving the government more latitude to destroy citizens rights and freedoms. Oil leak in North Sea confirmed by Shell China argues that Western liberalism is a facade, an easy prescription for other countries, but quickly dropped when push comes to shove Syrian gunboats pounded the Mediterranean coastal city of Latakia with heavy machinegun fire Sunday, killing at least 19 people in the latest wave of the regime's crackdown on antigovernment protests.  The Israeli government formally acknowledged the therapeutic utility of cannabis and announced newly amended guidelines governing the statesponsored production and distribution of medical cannabis to Israeli patients AFP Turkish PM to visit faminehit Somalia, cancels all Ramadan Banquets in favor of sending donations They Never Told Us These Things  
Much of the uranium for the Manhattan Project came from a mine in northwest Canada. The indigenous people who worked there had no idea what use the material would be put to, or how their own health would suffer News from Fukushima The equivalent of 29.6 times of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima, or in terms of uranium about 20 atomic bombs, were released by the accident, [...] David Camerons netcensorship proposal earns kudos from Chinese state media  Historian causes furor by blaming black culture for U.K. riots The whites have become black. Illegal logging from the rainforest to your dining room  Vietnams booming furniture trade feeds off precious Lao jungles, where logging is legally forbidden.  $60m is needed by Dec to Save Last Great Wilderness  Oil was found & Ecuador gave us a choice give us money & we'll not drill.  1/6 sqkm has 47 amphibian/reptile species, 550 bird, 200 mammal, more bats & insects anywhere, more tree species than all N. America, & 2,000 fish species  Israel protests spread to 18 cities More than 100,000 take to Israel's streets as protests show no sign of slowing down. My friend, walking in Damascus, was arrested for wearing white Boy Gets Robot Hand From Mercedes F1 Team. Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific has sacked a pilot and a stewardess after photographs of them engaged in oral sex in a cockpit appeared online Hundreds rally in Nepal for sexual rights Taiwan begins to deal with its amateur spies caught by China Mushrooms Join Growing List of Radioactive Threats to Japans Food Chain  Bloomberg Elephant and rhino poaching 'is driven by China's economic boom' The ivory trade has doubled in Guangzhou and Fuzhou. A stuffed rhino head was the subject of a bidding war between Chinese herbalists in an auction where it eventually fetched 35,000 Syria Hama hospitals 'closed after army attacks' Bashar AlAssad's warships shell their own city. England riots Police hit out at U.S. 'supercop' plan Maliki of Iraq Backs Syria's Assad, With Nudge From Iran  NYTimes.com Canadian Food Inspection Agency is warning the public not to eat certain dip products imported from the US because of possible contamination  2 Canadian companies warn not to eat certain veal that may be contaminated with E. coli & readytoeat meats sold at certain deli counters up to Aug. 10 

  If we don't want our young people to tear apart our communities then don't let people in power tear apart the values that hold our communities together.  A nice little take on the riots CoalBlack Alien Planet Is Darkest Ever Seen Going Godless  Nonbelievers are often more educated, more tolerant and know more about God than the pious. A new wave of research is trying to figure out what goes on in the minds of an evergrowing group of people known as the Nones. 'Fishermen in slavery' in NZ waters Indonesian seafarers are being beaten, raped and forced to eat rotten food in slumlike conditions aboard Koreanowned fishing boats, according to a New Zealand study.

 Police arrest 20 y.o. man for robbery of Malaysian student Pakistani soldier filmed shooting dead unarmed man in a Karachi park is sentenced to death  Sentencing begins for UK rioters student with no previous gets 6 months for stealing 3.50 of bottled water from Lidl. 4 months for using threatening language to a policeman. Law student denies involvement and is refused bail. Surprise in UK as many accused looters turn out to be middle class, employed  Japan considers canning whaling program Marx was right capitalism can selfdestruct. Economist Nouriel Roubini says the risk of a global recession is greater than 50%, and the next 2 to 3 months will reveal the economy's direction. Roubini also says he's putting his money in cash. This is not the time to be in risky assets, he says. Japan's nuclear agency hides radiation results Iran offers to send peacekeeper troops to UK Africa Rising  Africa Taking its self out of Poverty (A story I have waited years for)  It's a Pattern Oddly enough, English rioters not looting bookstores Dutch stamp collector goes missing in North Korea.  Winds up in newspaper praising elections. China pushes US oil giant, ConocoPhillips, to get to work cleaning up massive oil spill &, while they're at it, to issue a public apology for missing its deadline  Shell fighting oil leak off Scottish coast Having followed the debates on religion and freedom of expression at the United Nations over the last several years, I have become accustomed to passing on bad news. Now that there is some good news, almost no one has noticed. Ed Miliband Links Riots to Banking and Expenses Scandals. Drug Dealing, Counterfeiting, Smuggling How North Korea Makes Money David Cameron is widely ridiculed for suggesting social media blocks New leukemia treatment 'exceeds expectations'  
turns HIV variant into cancerkiller Japan ignored own radiation forecasts The Pakistani paramilitary soldier who shot an innocent and unarmed man on video and watched him bleed to death is sentenced to be executed. Vladimir Putin scuba dives in Black Sea  
Wearing a wetsuit and showing off his scuba diving skills Vladimir Putin collects ancient artefacts from the bottom of the Black Sea as he continues to portray an action man image to the Russian public.  Petition calls on Brazilian president to veto 'catastrophic' forest code  More than 1.5 million people have petitioned Dilma Rousseff to reject a bill that may lead to further destruction of the Amazon ACTA is not dead ...it appears more likely than not that the [European Parliament's] Development Committee will vote in favour of ACTA. German Pirate Party Scores Fourth Consecutive Election Win ...the exit polls indicate 7.5%, well clearing the fivepercent hurdle for entry, and predicting 18 new Pirate Members of Parliament. 37 dismembered bodies dumped on Mexico highway China successful in teleportation. The Queen has formally announced plans to greatly increase surveillance of the internet Culture war looms as Israel pledges to end ultraOrthodox military exemptions China, Japan and South Korea agreed at a summit on Sunday to launch negotiations for a threeway free trade pact they said could help fend off global economic chills, but the talks are expected to be long and difficult because of decades of rivalry. I Cant Believe I Still Have to Protest This Abortion Rights in Canada   Parliament debated a motion creating a special committee to review if the definition of a human being in the Canadian criminal code can be extended to unborn fetuses  Israel transformed from democracy to an oligarchy. These are selfstyled lords of the manor who have power over civil and military sectors, and share the spoils of rule between themselves. The subjects can talk, but have no influence. Murdoch driver cash drops to Met police.
 China mandates the Big Four U.S. auditors to hand over control of their Chinese operations to local partners by the end of the year and put a Chinese citizen at the top within three years. Dalai Lama fears Chinese poison plot  Buddhist leader believes Chinese agents may have trained fake female followers to kill him when seeking blessings Australian Labor Unions Call for BuffettStyle Tax on Millionaires  
Calling on government to introduce a millionaires tax similar to US President Barack Obamas socalled Buffett Rule. Wants to ensure mining billionaires pay a minimum tax on their incomes regardless of how they're derived. China allows banks to lend more in bid to boost economy  China has cut the amount of funds banks have to hold in a reserve, in a bid to boost its economy. Quebec antiausterity protests police accused of shooting people in face with plastic bullets  Saudi Arabia Unveils $100 Billion Plan to Make Solar A Driver for Domestic Energy for Years to Come Portugal's sick economy triggers health crisis  To cut costs, Portugal has increased the rates it charges for public health services. For many cashstrapped residents, the fee scheme has had a grim effect, potentially putting lives at risk.  Whatever Happened to David Cameron, the Idealistic Young EcoWarrior?  
After spending 5 years in opposition trying to detoxify the Tories' image, he promised to lead the greenest government ever when he entered No 10, exactly 2 years ago. What became of that pledge? Ecuador Seeks Answer to Riddle of Inca Emperor's Tomb    On expedition  When we arrived here, I couldn't believe it.  I started running around. Excavation starts in June, partly financed by the govt. ...we could be facing one of the largest & most unusual discoveries of the past decades.
 At least 100,000 Spaniards angered by grim economic prospects and the political handling of the international financial crisis turned out for street demonstrations in the country's cities Saturday. Pakistan crisis over power cuts Greece A nation on the brink President Karolos Papoulias makes a lastditch effort to forge a unity government Boko Haram 'militant leader' captured in north Nigeria  Nigerian police say they have arrested a senior commander of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.  Race for Egypt Inside the ThreeWay Fight for the Presidency   The secular diplomat, the Muslim Brother, and the 'liberal Islamist' are facing off to become the first freely elected leader of Egypt.  The Dutch judge who ordered The Pirate Bay links censored, Chris Hensen, has been found to be textbook corrupt  he had commercial ventures with the plaintiffs in previous antipiracy cases A new law in Argentina allows everybody, even children, to choose and change their gender without having to justify it. Iceland considers Canadian dollar instead of euro The choice is between surrendering the sovereignty of Iceland in monetary policy by unilaterally adopting the currency of another country, or becoming a member of the EU, says PM Dalai Lama reveals warning of Chinese plot to kill him Scientologists push antidrug classes in schools An group with ties to the Church of Scientology has been selling lectures about drug abuse to Swedish schools that contain significant factual errors, according to an investigation carried out by a Swedish newspaper Six leaders from South Korea's biggest Buddhist order have quit after secret video footage showed some supposedly serene monks raising hell, playing highstakes poker, drinking and smoking Israeli newspaper Undercover Israeli soldiers hurled stones in the general direction of IDF soldiers as part of their activity to counter weekly demonstrations in the Palestinian village of Bil'in Sarkozy faces a slew of probes after immunity ends Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah has dismissed a controversial ultraconservative adviser after he publicly criticized reforms aimed at easing restrictions on women, the kingdom's state media reports. Israel's military looks to the sea  Israel buys a sixth Germanmade submarine. A navy officer explains why Israel's military is looking increasingly to the seas. Italian anarchists kneecap nuclear executive and threaten more shootings 
Group named after Greek anarchist warns it will strike seven more times at nuclear firm's parent company, Finmeccanica
 Germany plans to go nuclear free within a decade | todaysthv.com Man killed by illegal cockfighting bird China denies preparing for war over South China Sea Exclusive wire taps on Gaddafi's inner circle  Al Jazeera publishes recorded mobilephone conversations between former Libya leader and some of his most trusted aides. British Firm Suspends Funding for Chinese Foie Gras Factory  
Says it'll look into animal welfare concerns raised public.  Production of foie gras, which is made by forcefeeding geese or ducks until their livers are enlarged, is banned in the UK & most of Europe, except France, where it's prized. Shreddin in Yemen Meet the skaters of Sanaa 'Goodbye to China, country of contradictions'  Features  Al Jazeera English US partially resumes arms sales to Bahrain  Al Jazeera English A major blast is reported to have ripped through Aleppo, Syrias largest city. The bomb allegedly targeted the headquarters of Syrias ruling Ba'ath Party. Greece will run out of money soon, warns deputy prime minister Socialist president owns 3 homes on French Riviera | Times247 On the knife's edge in Ethiopia  A vortex of climate change and rising population threatens Ethiopias gains in feeding itself Obama administration seeks to bolster Bahraini crown prince with arms sales Massive Active Fault Found beneath Japan's Mount Fuji A public schoolgirl who died from a brain hemorrhage at 13 has saved eight lives by donating her organs.  Falkvinge Just days before the elections in North RhineWestphalia, Germanys largest and most populous state, the Piratenparteis website has been censored in schools  specifically the election program of the German Pirate Party is being actively censored under the category illegal drugs Egypt holds first ever presidential debate  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Chinese media warns citizens of possible war with the Philippines A new NZ ISP has withdrawn its global mode that allowed customers to evade countrybased blocking of web content  just 48 hrs after enabling the service German Police Used Only 85 Bullets Against People in 2011 Burma's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi has been given a passport for the first time in 24 years. She will first travel to Norway to accept her 1991 Nobel Prize. Underperforming UK civil servants will be identified and fired under plans to rank all government officials in order of ability Monsanto and the Gates Foundation claim genetically modified crops will revolutionize agriculture in Kenya, but critics warn the technology is illsuited to the needs of farmers Victim's brother hurls shoe in Norway court at mass killer Anders Behring Breivik Rhino poacher killed in Kruger shoot out.  Game Over for the Climate Canadas tar sands contain twice the amount of carbon dioxide emitted by global oil use in our entire history. The wreckage of a Russian Sukhoi Superjet 100 has been found in Indonesia after smashing into the steep side of a volcano during a flight to impress potential buyers. All 50 people on board feared dead. Kalashnikov promenade Blogger embarrasses Moscow cops Protests in Philippines over China dispute  Hundreds take to streets in Manila to protest against Beijing's claim to South China Sea islands. Israel's Knesset to take up a bill that could transform outposts throughout the West Bank into legal settlements overnight. Mahmoud Shokraye given a sentence of 25 lashes for drawing a caricature of a local MP that was deemed insulting Islam critic Hirsi Ali wins German media prize  Dutch writer and Islam critic Ayaan Hirsi Ali is to receive a special award by German publishing house Axel Springer to honor her outspoken attitude and commitment to women's rights.  Former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks has told the British inquiry into media ethics that she discussed phone hacking with British prime minister David Cameron at a party in 2010.  Why Science Is Better When It's Multinational  International diversity is just as important as diversity of discipline when it comes to scientific discovery Argentina Approves Law Making SexChange Surgery a Legal Right Nigerian universities demand bribes for admission  With a shortage of college spaces, prospective students complain that wealth and connections trump entrance exam scores.
 Greek parties scramble to avert new vote The leaders of Greece's oncedominant political parties made a last push on Friday to form a coalition and avert a new election, which a poll showed would all but wipe them out and give victory to a radical leftist who rejects an EU bailout. Banks prepare for the return of the drachma Chilean Earthquake Restores Beaches  A recent powerful earthquake reversed years worth of coastal erosion at beaches in Chile. Colombia passes 1st draft of drug crop legalization bill 'The initiative calls for the decriminalization of growing plants such as coca, marijuana and opium poppies in the country.' Heavy metal unites Jews, Muslims across Middle East Rape of women in DR Congo 'tops 1000 a day'  A Second World War plane crashed by a British pilot in the Sahara desert has been found frozen in time 70 years later. Ancient language discovered on clay tablets found amid ruins of 2800 year old Middle Eastern palace in ancient city of Tushan, southeast Turkey Tiny Scottish brewpub gets the shaft as corporate megabrewer strongarms British Institute of Innkeeping to revoke their award A section of 600yrold city wall in Nanjing was damaged when a Ferrari was put on top if it for a publicity stunt  Its spinning, screeching wheels left tire marks on the Ming Dynasty walls. The stunt kicked off a Ferrari show marking the Italian car makers 20 years in the Chinese car market. Suicide blast in Damascus leaves more than 50 dead, hundreds wounded Argentina Senate passes 'dignified death' law  The Argentine Senate has approved a dignified death law to give the terminally ill and their families more say in endoflife decisions.  Want a 170yearold beer? Finnish researchers say they may be able to recreate beer from the 1840s after finding living bacteria in beer from a shipwreck near Aland islands. South Africa troubled by corrupt cops   The police are part of countrys crime problem.  More than 630 police officers were arrested in South Africas Gauteng province in 2011, mainly on charges of fraud and corruption, but also for rape and murder
 Islamic Defenders Front, which receives police funding, threatens to intercept Lady Gaga when she visits Indonesia, warning her vulgar music is a danger to children's morals. Two of Mass Palestinian Prisoners' Hunger Strike On Verge of Death Over 1600 Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jail hold mass hunger strike, two of the arrested pass 70 days without food China bangs the war drum over South China Sea A new Charter City could soon be established in Honduras. It will have extremely open immigration policies for North/South Americans to allow the city to rapidly grow to a population of 10 million people Russia foils plot to attack 2014 Olympics Germany is considering a legal ban on ultraconservative Salafist Muslim groups. Police found the decapitated and dismembered bodies of 15 people near Mexico's second city Guadalajara on Wednesday, in what appeared to be the latest atrocity by the country's most brutal drug cartel. Crashed Russian plane found in Indonesia Helicopter scouring slopes of dormant volcano spots wreckage but no sign that passengers and crew survived. Alpine tour guide chopped down crosses, said he wanted to spark debate on Christian symbols in public areas Why green energy might not solve the power crunch   As the world turns its back on nuclear power in the wake of Japan's Fukushima disaster, experts worry green energy can't pick up the slack.
 Two suicide car bombs have ripped through the Syrian capital, killing 55 people and shaving the facade off a military intelligence building in the deadliest explosions since the country's uprising began 14 months ago. France   where Freemasons are still feared.  Netherlands becomes world's second net neutrality country One in six cancers worldwide is caused by preventable or treatable infections, a new study finds. Britain 50 policemen raided seven addresses and arrested 6 people for making 'offensive' and 'antiSemitic' remarks on Facebook  Emergency law considered in Quebec as thousands of students protest tuition; 122 arrests Ottawa 74yearold man who was beaten in a home invasion called for help  only to be arrested and thrown in jail for more than two months. Canada's Internet surveillance bill is not dead and is instead moving forward; the bill is being pushed under the guise of protecting Canadians from child pornography and organized crime, but the bill makes no mention of child pornography in its actual text France's new Prime Minister JeanMarc Ayrault said Wednesday that his cabinet will announce a 30% salary cut for its members when it meets for the first time on Thursday. Its setting an example, he said in an interview.  Chinese boats seized by North Koreans.   Pupils in Ireland expelled after abusive Facebook posts about teachers  The Rise of Europe's Private Internet Police the job of policing the Internet is falling to private intermediaries  companies that are under little or no legal obligation to uphold citizens' rights. Russian teacher who reported vote fraud on trial  A teacher went on trial Wednesday after publicly claiming that she was pressured to help rig Russia's parliamentary election to boost the results for Vladimir Putin's party Iran threatens legal action against Google for not labeling Persian Gulf German Chancellor Angela Merkel will soon have an extra 930 in her pocket each month, after the country's cabinet decided on Wednesday to award themselves their first pay rise for over a decade. Indian Supreme Court orders Pirate Bay, Pastebin blocks, gets DDoSed Foreign holders of 422bn of Greek debt were warned to brace themselves for killer losses as coalition talks in Athens collapsed, threatening Greece's future in the eurozone.  North Koreans 'holding 29 Chinese fishermen' and are demanding payment for their release, Chinese media says. UK exam boards making money from their own mistakes  the man who raised the alarm is suspended as means of silencing him  Controversial Islamic school ordered out of Toronto public school propertyPolice investigating into alleged antiSemitic course material Pakistan seeks $5,000 transit fee for each NATO container and tanker that transits its territory by land into and out of Afghanistan Invisible Censorship How Indian Government Censors Without Being Seen WikiLeaks may have been responsible for exposing Majid Jamali Fashi, who was hanged in Tehran on Tuesday morning after confessing to assassinating a nuclear scientist on behalf of Israel Iran's Ahmadinejad wants to attend London Olympics to back Iran athletes, says Britain won't host him In Japan, the Lights are Already Starting to Go Out...
Government accused of plotting to restart nuclear plants as it warns of power cuts BBC News  The Pirate Bay hit by DDoS attack Canadian police commanders and 28 front line officers to be charged over G20 protest misconduct Two held for shooting imam in northern Sweden  Two men have been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of an imam who remains in a coma nearly three months after being shot in the head in northern Sweden. Iran 'to sue Google' for not labelling Gulf on world map A German man who alleges he was subjected to extraordinary rendition by the CIA has taken his case to the European Court of Human Rights. Francois Hollande, the new French President &gt; My enemy is the world of finance.  15yearold schoolgirl died after 'doctor mistook tuberculosis for lovesickness'   Telegraph Indonesia cancels Lady Gaga concert because She's a vulgar singer... she is the envoy of the devil's child and she will spread satanic teaching US shadow war in Horn of Africa revealed by blogger G20 report details mass violation of rights by police, says excessive force was used in Toronto
 Searching for the remains of a teenage girl missing for 3 decades, Italian police opened the Vaticanowned tomb of mobster Enrico De Pedis, but the boxes of bones they found interred with his corpse only deepen the mystery A bank run is developing in Greece  $893 million withdrawn from Greek banks since May 6th election Chinese official it's us or America. AUSTRALIA cannot juggle its relationships with the United States and China indefinitely and must choose a ''godfather'' to protect it, according to a prominent Chinese defence strategist. Pirate Bay Under DDoS Attack From Unknown Enemy Greeks withdraw $894 million in a day Is this beginning of a run on banks? European helicopter gunships attacked a pirate base on the Somali coast on Tuesday, destroying five speedboats, in the first such airborne strike on land by the antipiracy force. Majority of Mexicans Want More U.S. Help in Drug War, 28% Want the US Military to Intervene on Mexican Soil Supreme Court mulls manga child porn appeal  The highly publicized last appeal of Simon Lundstrm, a Swedish translator of Japanese manga comics convicted of child pornography crimes, was brought up in Swedens Supreme Court (Hgsta Domstolen) on Wednesday. Leading Italian university switches to teaching in the English language Iran hangs 'Israel spy' over nuclear scientist killing Vatican official Leaders of the scandalplagued Legionaries of Christ religious order knew that their most famous priest had fathered a child for many months before they acknowledged it this week Exclusive China pushes North Korea to drop nuclear test plan sources Burma Vows to Cease Buying Weapons from North Korea Greeks pull funds from banks; emergency cabinet to be named
 Bosnian Commander Mladic Led Ethnic Cleansing, War Crimes Trial Told  He faces 11 counts of war crimes & crimes against humanity, including genocide, in connection with the brutal 199295 Bosnian war.  He's called the accusations monstrous &  entered a not guilty plea. Greece On Brink Of Collapse Europe's financial crisis lurched into a perilous new phase as dire predictions emerged of a collapse in Greece's economy, with a run on its banks bringing an inevitable end to its membership of the euro. Israel's Interior Minister All African migrants should be jailed.  Victoria Grant, 12, Hits Lecture Circuit To Explain How Canadian Banking Is A Fraud Thousands flee as Congo battles renegade general

| Reuters In a landmark case in Finland, a court has ruled that an open WiFi owner is not liable for illegal filesharing Less affluent countries push towards universal healthcare. China is on track to complete a threeyear, $124billion initiative projected to cover more than 90% of the nation's residents. Rebekah Brooks to be charged with perverting the course of justice Anders Breivik Trial A man just set himself on fire outside the Court in Olso.  China builds instant high rise in just 9 days  Greece fails to form new government, going to elections Rebekah Brooks to be charged over News International phone hacking Why so little condemnation of Israel's extremism? Western opinion formers have been indifferent, in some cases knowingly so, about what is happening.  Japanese rivers continue to contaminate Tokyo Bay, where the levels of radioactive cesium are rising Time to Admit Defeat Greece Can No Longer Delay Euro Zone Exit  SPIEGEL ONLINE Unless the world addresses the problem, by 2030 even two planet Earths would not be enough to sustain human activity, WWF said Asian Girls Getting Plastic Surgery to Widen Their Eyes Plastic surgery boom as Asians seek 'western' look  CNN.com Carlos Fuentes, Mexican Writer, Dies at 83 Britain Bedeviled by Binge Drinking  It's reached crisis levels, costing the NHS 2.7 billion pounds a year, including cost of hospital admissions related to boozefueled violence & longerterm health problems. Liver disease has increased 25% the last decade, causing a record level of deaths. EU Makes 1st Air Strikes Against Somalia Pirates  Naval forces have conducted their raid on the Somali mainland, destroying several boats.  Pirates are believed to be holding about 17 ships & 300 crew. [ALJAZEERA]  WWF announces we are living as if we have another planet at our disposal France's Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Germany Aging Europeans Need to Work Longer & Expect Less, Report Says More than 1,500 Palestinians prisoners that have been on hunger strike in Israeli jails win concessions by Israel Black Metal musician elected to Greek parliament Iran Hangs 'Israel Killer Spy'  Majid Jamali Fashi, 24, convicted of killing an Iranian nuclear scientist, Massoud Ali Mohammadi,  in Tehran 2 years ago has been hanged.  Fashi was also accused of being a spy for Israeli intelligence agency Mossad & receiving $120,000 (72,000) for the killing. More horror in Mexico 49 mutilated bodies dumped on highway in latest drugs war clash  Forensic police swarmed the crypt of a Roman basilica on Monday to exhume the body of a reputed mobster as part of an investigation into one of the Vatican's most enduring mysteries the 1983 disappearance of the teenage daughter of one of its employees. Debate Breaks Out in Germany over Foreign Gold Reserves  SPIEGEL ONLINE Blockupy Frankfurt is already somewhat succesful in blocking the inner city Don Ritchie saved over 500 people from suicide. He lived near 'The Gap' an infamous ocean cliff where hundreds of people have gone to commit suicide. He was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia and was named a Local Hero in 2011. He died peacefully today in his home at 85 years old. Israel closes Palestinian school to make way for West Bank training zone for the IDF even though Palestinians residents have no access to any other school. North Korean women sold into 'slavery' in China... More than half of all police officers in Greece voted for the proNazi party candidate in the May 6 elections One of the last Palestinian farming villages that still uses irrigation systems from Roman times says its ancient way of life is in danger as Israel prepares to lay down its West Bank separation barrier. 49 decapitated bodies found in Mexico Sea Shepherd captain arrested in Germany on attempted murder charges.  Merkel shaken at state poll as Pirate Party surges Expat prisoners in Dubai have gone on hunger strike against the United Arab Emirates' arbitrary bouncedcheck laws. One man is serving a 6year sentence because a governmentowned entity failed to pay him for work he had done, and a check he wrote subsequently bounced. Noam Chomsky Palestinian Hunger Strike A Protest Against Violations of Elementary Human Rights North Korean Leader Kim JongUn Has An Explosive Family Secret  Business Insider The Vatican is investigating seven priests from the troubled Legion of Christ religious order for alleged sexual abuse of minors  evidence that the scandal over the order's pedophile founder doesn't rest solely with him, The Associated Press has learned. Pirate Bay Founder Takes Case To European Court Plane Crashes With 21 Passengers In Nepal 500,000 People to Lose Disability Benefit, says IDS  
Government says it's ridding system of abuse & fraud Insider tells why Anonymous might well be the most powerful organization on Earth South Korea where sarcasm can get you thrown in jail  Park Jeong Keun, a 23yearold photographer, is embroiled in legal trouble for retweeting posts from North Korea's official Twitter account.
 China's central bank took further action Saturday to stimulate its economy.The People's Bank of China is cutting the amount of money banks are required to hold on the sidelines, freeing up those funds instead to boost investment and growth. innfluential magazine Der Spiegel calls for Greek exit from euro
| Reuters Man falls into ice crevasse, coolly takes photos while awaiting rescue Italian army on call to deal with escalating violence  Italy's prime minister has not ruled out bringing in the army to deal with the increasing levels of violence across the country.  The Sea Rises in China Everyone wants to go to war with the Philippines. They say the government is being too weak. The leaders of China, Japan and South Korea say they will not tolerate further provocation from North Korea, amid fears that Pyongyang is preparing for a new nuclear test. Russian protests thousands march in support of Occupy Abay camp. The opposition leader Alexey Navalny remains in jail on a 15day sentence for disobeying police. His cohort Sergei Udaltsov is also in jail and has gone on hunger strike. EU foreign ministers have issued a harsh critique of Israel, regarding the gathering pace of settlementbuilding, settler extremism, and illtreatment of Palestinians. 800yearold tree at Vancouver Island park falls to 
illegal loggers  In Athens, the homeless are on the streets in growing numbers, soup kitchens feed twice as many people as a year ago, and the poor are diving into garbage bins in search of scrap they can sell. Greece is close to breaking point as it struggles with austerity targets set by creditors Assange stands 'real chance' of election in Australia Quebecs antiprotest legislation tramples basic rights Netherlands  first country in Europe with net neutrality In addition, it adopted provisions protecting users against disconnection and wiretapping by providers. Saudi Arabia bans use of English, Gregorian calendar Bomb explosion at school in Brindisi, Italy Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng was hurriedly taken from a hospital Saturday and boarded a plane that took off for the United States Illegal logging comes to Canada 800yearold tree at Vancouver Island park falls to poachers MonsantoFunded Research Reveals Monsanto [Toxic] Products Are Safe Their [review on glyphosate] aimed to discredit the work of a French research group at the Institut Jaques Monod who published five articles indicating glyphosates wideranging potential for environmental and human harm.

 A third Mexican army general with ties with drug cartels has been arrested. NY Times Japanese whalers set out to kill 260 whales for scientific research SpaceX aborted its launch of the Dragon capsule toward the ISS at the last second on Saturday due to a technical issue with one of the rocket's nine engines. 25,000 Rally Against Austerity in Germany  Anonymous hacks Indian sites to protest against Vimeo, others being blocked Israel is developing butterfly drones for indoor surveillance BBC News  Crime and punishment, Norwegian style Fukushima Reactor 4 poses massive global risk French villagers run New Zealand man out of town over alleged cat torture  Neighbors charge they were mutilating cats & selling them for experiments.  People took matters into their own hands. It was like something out of the Middle Ages, the NZ man says. Quebec student protests turn increasingly violent; Molotov cocktails thrown, explosive devices and various criminal acts Nato protesters arrested in Chicago raid held on terrorism conspiracy charges Honduras can pull off five centuries of legal reforms in a decade by creating new citystates within it's borders with laws designed from scratch Lawyers compare Quebecs controversial protest bill to War Measures Act The philosopher Alain de Botton has announced that he will be working on a new project to make pornography better Murdered Journalist was a Soviet Spy, His Family Now Claims  Postmortem examination indicates a horrific attack took place in the living room of his home Mexico's Drug War 50,000 Dead in 6 Years As a direct result of the Pirate Bay ban, the website of the UK Pirate Party has jumped more than 100,000 places in the UK rankings and any moment now will become the 1,500th mostvisited website in the country. French prime minister promises to implement equal marriage and adoption rights for gays Canadian PM Harper If you oppose the Internet spying bill, you support child pornography; the bill would allow the government to seize citizens' private data without warrant Welsh town where King Henry V born to be world's 1st Wikipedia town   Local council installed townwide free WiFi so visitors can use smartphones to scan barcodes at points of interest in Monmouth, instantly bringing up a Wikipedia page about the landmark in whatever language they're set to  Police detain 400 anticapitalist protesters in Frankfurt on Friday for defying a ban on demonstrations against austerity policies People in Honduras' predominantly Indian Mosquito coast region burned down government offices and demanded that U.S. drug agents leave the area, reacting angrily to an antidrug operation in which they say police gunfire killed four innocent people, including two pregnant women. More than 1,000 UK government staff caught snooping on citizen data  including criminal records, social security, and medical records. Greek leftist leader Alexis Tsipras 'It's a war between people and capitalism' Fishing Observers Intimidated & Bribed by EU Crews Observers monitoring European fish quotas are being regularly intimidated, offered bribes & undermined by the fishing crews they are observing. Several observers recall being warned to back off because accidents happen at sea.
   200yearold shipwreck found in Gulf of Mexico Caught snooping the UK government was forced to reveal under Freedom of Information laws that more than 1,000 civil servants have snooped on British citizens' private data Thailand Man found with 6 roasted foetuses covered in gold leaf in his luggage. Malawi to overturn homosexual ban, Joyce Banda says Greek Politician Warns Europe 'We Will Default If You Cut Funding' Canada Axes Green Advisory Body  
Government is to mark 25th anniversary of its green business advisers by shutting the agency down For many in Egypt, the presidential vote is not about Islam  Egyptians have more earthly matters to contend with jobs and the sagging economy. Polls find the Muslim Brotherhood candidate trailing moderate rivals. London's Amazingly Explicit Surveillance State Mascot For The 2012 Olympics Has A Huge Camera Eye That 'Records Everything' Indias untouchables turn video journalists to fill news gap on issues and abuse rarely documented in mainstream news media AFP Israeli tank fire hurts seven in Gaza medics US Envoy To Israel US Ready To Strike Iran Pentagon claims Chinese stealth jet 2 years ahead of schedule UK muslim woman beat girl, 10, with steel ladle for not reading enough of Koran. 56 wounds on the child's body. Quebec education law to impose fines in tuition crisis Controversial Quebec protest bill could pass tonight after lengthy debate MC Hammered Mastercard downed under DDOS overnight WikiLeaks Texas Company Helped Pimp Little Boys To Stoned Afghan Cops The Vicepresidency of Bolivia is hosting the Wikileaks cables on their official website! The Australian government on Wednesday [December 8, 2010] blamed the United States, not the WikiLeaks founder, for the unauthorised release of about 250,000 secret U.S. diplomatic cables and said those who originally leaked the documents were legally liable. BREAKING Nigeria Actually Goes Ahead and Files Charges Against Cheney in Halliburton Bribery Scheme Julian Assange for the Nobel Peace Prize Wau Holland Foundation takes legal action against PayPal over suspended WikiLeaks funds PayPal Busted for Bogus Wikileaks Excuse Argentina, Uruguay recognize Palestinian state Remember that Afghan girl recently on the cover of time because her nose and ears were cut off after she tried to leave her marriage? Well Afghan police caught the cowards that did it! WikiLeaks Reveals U.S. Twisted Ethiopia's Arm to Invade Somalia N. Korea firing shells into Yellow Sea near disputed border As Nigeria charges Dick Cheney with corruption
Nigerian officials say Cheney's former company, Halliburton, is preparing to plea bargain Shanghai Students Are the World's Best; U.S. Doesn't Crack the Top 15 WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, and the dark side of Internet freedom    interview with newmedia scholar, on geopolitical fallout from Wikileaks affair. Assange should be handled with care. He's emerging as hero of powerful global geek movement for Internet freedom Glenn Greenwald Calls Julian Assange's Arrest Pure Authoritarianism What is really going on here is a war over control of the Internet, and whether or not the Internet can actually serve its ultimate purpose.  Assange could face trial in US  Swedish and US diplomats in informal talks with a view to Assange being delivered into US custody PayPal says US advised it to stop Wikileaks payments  UNDERGROUND PARTY SCENE IN JEDDAH Jeddahs elite youth is thriving and throbbing. The full range of worldly temptations and vices are available  alcohol, drugs, sex  but strictly behind closed doors.  Wikileaks More Latin American countries recognise Palestinian state  Argentina and Uruguay have announced that they would recognise a Palestinian state based on the borders that existed before the ArabIsraeli war of 1967   Iceland firm sues Visa for blocking WikiLeaks  Danish police have arrested a man on charges of genocide in Rwanda 16 years ago. Scores killed in Chile prison fire  Apparently there were two precision air bombings in Sudan in 2009, who the fuck is responsible for that? Ontarios ombudsman The G20 summit regulation that expanded police search powers entrapped legitimate protesters and likely violated the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. Here in 2010 is the province of Ontario conferring wartime powers on police officers in peacetime. WikiLeaks payment firm to sue Visa, MasterCard Popular US television shows including Friends and Desperate Housewives have done more to stifle Islamic extremism in Saudi Arabia than hundreds of millions of dollars spent on propaganda, according to a leaked diplomatic cable. Russia calls for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to be given the Nobel Peace Prize  A source from inside president Dmitry Medvedev's office told Russian news agencies 'Public and nongovernmental organisations should think of how to help him. 'Maybe, nominate him as a Nobel Prize laureate.' In other news..Indian Ambassador to US singled out and received 'pat down' from TSA because she was wearing 'sari' and Indian traditional dress Dutch high tech crime team arrests 16 year old boy as the main suspect for the attacks on Paypal and Mastercard. Scott Adams, Dilbert Creator, on Sweden   If your condom breaks, that's jail time. What I'm saying is that the Club Med in Sweden is a nervous place WikiLeaks to Sydney Morning Herald and Melbourne Age, provide extraordinary evidence of Washingtons direct involvement in the antidemocratic coup against former PM Kevin Rudd last June Anonymous  Operation Payback  WikiLeaks ACTA Laws Message  Can Topless Women Keep Muslim Extremists Out of Denmark? Assange's attorney Swiss violating their reputation for banking secrecy; Assange contacted Scotland Yard about US action Irish government seeks 90% bank bonus tax  
Irish Finance Minister Brian Lenihan said on Thursday he would impose a 90% tax on bankers bonuses, in a move to try to silence critics who have said the banking sector drove Ireland into the ground. Student protests in London on higher tuition fees; live coverage by The Guardian US dispatches have cleared up one of the most baffling weapons affairs of the recent past. In 2008, pirates hijacked a ship full of tanks and other military hardware. Kenya apparently intended to send the materiel on to Southern Sudan. But they were unprepared for the US reaction. Anon described as a loose band of people who share the same kind of ideals and wish to be a force for chaotic good. Lightning Bolt. There is no bigger waste of money than nuclear weapons. When we buy them, they just sit there getting dusty and rusty. When they do work, they destroy the entire planet, thus making the investment in the project a waste of time and money anyways. WikiLeaks vs The Machine  US government tells 
firms to pull plug on whistleblowing website as 
Hackers cause chaos with revenge attacks on 
Assange's 'enemies' World is getting more corrupt, says transparency poll 148 states call for transparency over depleted 
uranium use in UN vote  UK, US, Israel and France 
voted against The EU Is Going to Destroy Ireland  The CIA's ElMasri Abduction Cables Show Germany Caved to Pressure from Washington Russian official WikiLeaks Julian Assange should receive Nobel prize Austria is not the 51st state of the US. Iranian woman sentenced to stoning has been freed North Korea issued a statement that claimed possession of all waters around South Koreacontrolled Yeonpyeong Island, clarifying for the first time that its Nov. 23 attack of the island was motivated by a different view of the interKorean maritime boundary in the Yellow Sea than is widely held. Govt to take over all mines in Zimbabwe  Zimbabwe is in the cusp of a sweeping change in its mining policy with the government set to take over all the alluvial diamond deposits and mining of gold, platinum and other metals. b'26/11 Mumbai Attacks  Documentary footage with never before seen video. The world MUST see this.' Blind rescue dog has 'guide dog' Netanyahu, battling Obama, says that everyone in Israel has the right to live in Jerusalem.  But Israeli Court ruled otherwise  Arab can't rent on ruins of his family home, because that's not the 'Arab' part of town.   b'North Korea accused of testing biological / chemical weapons on children' b'WikiLeaks victorious over corruption report gag order' b'Archaeologists have found five wellpreserved Roman shipwrecks deep under the sea off a small Mediterranean island, with their cargo of vases, pots and other objects largely intact.' b'One of the incriminating tapes of Italy's PM Silvio Berlusconi may claim that an artificial lake on his Sardinian estate was built over 30 Phoenician tombs from 300 BCE. A necropolis under the estate would be evidence of Phoenician settlement in an area where none was thought to have taken place.' b'Two new Mozart works discovered by foundation' b'Russian telecom executives testify that Skype, which coincidentally provides competitive services at a lower rate than traditional telecom businesses, is a national security threat to Russia. ' Sex offender register breaches paedophiles' human rights, say judges! b'Now government urges Chinese   to have second child ' Iranian Supreme Leader orders dismissal of Ahmadinejad's choice for VP Momentum Shifts to Iran's Reformers.  Let not forget the peoples continuing struggle only because a revolution didn't happen in days. b'North Korea Executes Christian For Distributing Bible' Israel's foreign minister uses Hitler photo to link Palestinians and Nazis b'Ahmadinejad caves to hardliners, drops VP' b'Israeli Arabs struggle for land  Does this prove the Israel is a racist state?' b'More than 40 people, including politicians, officials and several rabbis have been arrested in a major FBI operation in the US.  ' b'In Russia, the Skype is Falling  Robert Amsterdam' All parents to sign 'behaviour contracts' b'Hamas grows up,Shifts From Rockets to Culture War, Israel should be very worried, Gaza War may be worst mistake in History of Israel.' b'Iceland formally applies for EU membership, hopes to join within 3 years' DrugDealing for Jesus Mexico's Evangelical Narcos b'After Israel's housing minister called on Jews to move to the north of the country to stop what he described as the spread of Arabs there, the BBC's Katya Adler reports on the struggle for land in the area.' b'Female police hottie named Alison Minards had an all night sex orgy with 4 fellow police officers and it was all captured on cell phone cameras, UK media say.' It's OK for Israel to compare Iran to Nazi Germany, but if you compare Zionists to Nazis you could go to jail b'North Korea is stepping up executions of Christians with some killings taking place in public.' b'  Ri Hyon Ok, mother of three, Publicly Executed in North Korea for Distributing Bible' b'The film Israel does not want you to see  Rachel' b'Family learned over Internet that son was killed' Ireland's largest ISP to punish its own customers  with throttling and disconnections. They will  subsequently lose these customers to competing  ISPs that have refused to engage in such tactics. b'Honduras Employers force employees to join procoup marches, then order them to work an extra day to make up for lost time' b'A great man has died' b'Turkish navy commandos capture five pirates off Somalia ' b'Israel has handed control over much of a key Palestinian area... to hardline settler groups in a creeping takeover kept away from public scrutiny' b'China launches Arabic TV channel' b'South Korea wants to gag the noisy internet rabble' b'India At least 100 boys or girls every year are being murdered or forced to commit suicide due to love affairs in the state. ' b'China Allows Second Child As Shanghai Tweaks OneChild Policy' b'Living deep in the forest with no transportation and little money, he noted, We dont have a way to go to the grocery store for rice and beans to supplement what is missing.' b'Indian Scientists Debunk Global Warming Refuse to cut emissions.' Mexico's organized crime offensive against law enforcement agents and government officials reached a new high Friday after armed gangs killed 26 people, including police and other officials. b'Governments in the US, EU, and Canada Talk About Digital Freedom' b'North Korea publicly executes Christian woman for distributing the Bible.' b'One person has been sentenced to life in prison and eight others to jail in Burundi over the murder of over a dozen albinos whose remains were sold for witchcraft.' b'Indonesians flock to illegal gold mines' b'North Korea & Burma Axis of Weasels' b'Catacombs could house flu victims. It looks like the Exeter City Council has never seen a horror movie before.' b'Audi stop development on a diesel supercar... because americans are too dumb to buy diesels. ' Naked girls plow fields for rain to 'annoy' the gods. I think they'd be rather pleased. b'Ferrari F1 Driver Felipe Massa in critical condition after this accident [see coil enter shot at ~029 of video]' b'23yrs old Saudi Arabian to be executed for talking about sex. ' b'India launches nuclear submarine ' b'World hunger reaches the 1 billion people mark' b'Vitiligo  black man turning white' b'Meet all 188 British forces personnel killed in Afghanistan ' b'Torture  new claim of secret UK complicity' b'In Afghanistan, Marines are bracing for a fight against guerrillas who, they discovered in June, are surprisingly proficient at tactics the Marines themselves learned in infantry school.' b'Cruise ship enters Vancouver port with a whale stuck under its bow.' b'Iran's Opposition Calls Crackdown Immoral' Iran vows to hit Israel's atomic sites if attacked b'Honduran police join general strike against current regime' b'Thousands of Chinese steel workers riot, beating one manager to death' The strange psychedelic adventure of Radovan Karadzic, the world's most hunted war criminal b'Universal Healthcare is not a panacea control of costs is still needed. Status in Australia. ' Palestinians ask Canada to seize Dead Sea Scrolls The exhibition at the ROM contains artifacts 'illegally acquired' by Israel when it annexed East Jerusalem in the 1967 war. b'Can a child soldier be a refugee? Child soldiers from Liberia rape another Liberian child in Phoenix, 14 year old to be tried as an adult.' b'Americans doing more harm than good in Pakistan' b'Wildfires on Mediterranean coast (pictures)' b'Last British WW1 veteran dies  World' b'Millionaire peer claimed over 20,000 in allowances by saying that a small rented flat occupied by his brother is his main home. Last week he could not even remember its address' b'Pakistan arrests influential proTaliban cleric  His arrest is a sign the government will no longer negotiate with militants' b'Obama administration steps up diplomatic push to  revive Middle East peace process' b'Billions in marijuana and ecstasy flow across Canadian border.' IsraelUN spat over Syria 'bias' b'To fool the parents of the victims, the children were taken away on school trips and their parents were later told the xrays were a treatment for the scourge of scalpal ringworm. 6,000 of the children died shortly after...?' b'After being kidnapped at the age of 16 by a group of thugs and enduring a year of rapes and beatings, Assiya Rafiq was delivered to the police and thought her problems were over.nnThen, she said, four police officers took turns raping her.' b'The future Iran. The protest continues and the regime seems more and more weak. But whatever will happen, the demonstrations changed forever western opinion of the country' b'Private steel manufacturer in China decides to take a stake in a state manufacturer. An executive announces that 25,000 jobs will be cut. Protesters promptly beat him to death.' An African nation of 3 million people successfully breaks up Al Qaeda cells. Not through wars, but police work. Who'd have thought? b'The Death of Handwriting' b'Rabbi Rosenbaum was the US broker for an international organ trafficking network  he would threaten donors with a pistol if they tried to back out' b'College degrees/grades are stolen and sold to underachievers seeking new identities and better job prospects in China.' b'The limits of freedom In theory we are free to say  what we like in Israel, but the reality can be quite  different' So I noticed Barry Chamish's wacky five year old ringworm conspiracy theory hit the front page to much acclaim, well, here is another jewel of his. b'Northern Nigeria 150 have been killed in two days by Islamist militants.' b'Poor students with good grades get identities stolen and lives ruined in China' b'Germany closes two brothels that offered unlimited sex for one low flatrate due to poor hygiene & sanitary standards' b'China Plans To Take Over The World China owns $2.2 trillion in Treasuries and other foreign paper, uses these to buy companies, land, natural resources, etc. ' b'Iranians have to sort out their problems on their own' b'Honduras Micheletti appoints death squad veteran' b'A Saudi man who boasted about his sexual conquests on an Arabic TV station has tearfully apologised as calls mounted for him to be punished.' The women who clear Sudan's minefields b'Palestinian Martyrs Threaten Bruno' US to increase funding for 'hacktivists' aiding Iran b'Israeli Settlers Rally Obama racist; his regime will fall ' b'Oh the irony Jews protest Arab construction in Israel' b'Russian Serious With Action Against Convicted Monopolist Microsoft' b'One Sixth of Humanity Is Hungry  UN' Skype singled out as threat to Russia's securityn b'Dear FSM, this is fucking terrible [sad]' Sordid reality behind Dubai's gilded facade Construction halted, westerners jailed for adultery  but prostitutes do well  b'Tourists warned of Thailand airport scam ' b'Ariel Sharon got on Israeli radio and urged Israelis to settle more land fast. Grab the hilltops, and stake your claim, he said. Everything we don't grab will go to them.' b'The high cost of discount counterfeits In a sweatshop in Thailand, children were found assembling leather purses. Horrifyingly, their limbs had been deliberately broken to keep them from escaping.' b'Bosnian Serb cousins convicted of burning 119 Muslims alive' What democracy looks like? Not that I like those Taliban chaps, but dude, I think you're doing it wrong. b'July bloodiest month for USled troops. What are we really doing in Afghanistan, can anyone give me a reason !' b'while Nazi leader Adolf Hitler operated from headquarters encased in layers of concrete, Churchill and his staff were sleeping in rooms only 10 feet below ground' b'The Onion has been sold to the Chinese Government.' Last Friday the Chinese government confiscated the computers of lawyers at the Open Constitution Initiative, best known for its pro bono work on behalf of the victims of last year's tainted milk scandal. b'French Interior Ministry requests news blackout as violence in the suburbs reaches record levels' Iran's supreme leader warns Iran's elite to back down  b'Poll Pirates close in on Riksdag;  Pirate Party gaining traction in Sweden' b'The terrorist threat to the UK has been lowered from severe to substantial, the lowest level for three years.' b'Questioning the Good War Is Obama's Afghan strategy realistic?' b'Dear reddit The recession was not caused by a spectacular failure of capitalism or economics. Just though you should know.' b'Bill outlawing antiIsrael protest nears approvaln' b'The NeoNazis of Mongolia Swastikas Against China' b'Of more concern to South Korea is the kidnapping by North Korea of one of its businessmen in March. North Korea claims that the man, identified only as Mr Yu, tried to lure a North Korean female worker to the south and insulted the North Korean regime.' b'259Car Autobahn PileUp Largest In German History  with video' b'A US military review is to recommend an overhaul of the entire Afghan prison and judicial systems' Vatican launches inquiry into 'abusive' religious order b'Orthodox Jews riot as mother is accused of starving her child  Times Online' b'Massive motorway crash in Germany' 'Hello mum, this is going to be hard for you to read ...' Columbus wasn't the first; Experts confirm that Medieval map depicting America is authentic 22 year old alcoholic in england is refused liver transplant. This a good thing. A line has to be drawn somewhere. I draw it here and I'm not going to feel bad about my lack of sympathy. b'Iran protests continue citizens trigger blackouts by turning on appliances all at once.' b'Israel to demolish 23 illegal settlements in one day' b'UAE tries to spy on its own residents  using an unauthorised Blackberry update from the state owned telecommunications provider!' b'Rapes by children under spotlight Police in Scotland have brought almost 500 rape charges against children and teenagers under the age of 18 in the past five years.' b'Who is really running Russia?' b'Man bursts into flames after being shot by police with a taser' b'International journalists arrested & clubbed for filming seal slaughter in Namibia, still being detained... ' b'When is a vote too dangerous to exercise?  The UN urges Iraqi Kurds not to push for a referendum on whether the Kirkuk oil area should be part of their northern enclave, saying such a vote would ignite conflict.' b'Western mineral firms fuel violence in Congo by failing to check the source of the metals that go to their smelters' b'Population of older people set to surpass number of children' b'Jordan, Russia renew rejection of Israeli settlement' b'Denying the facts. The problem of Berlusconi now is to hide the evidence. Italian televisions do the job quite well, for the last free newspapers and the web soon a law will be done to silence them.' b'Notquite fairytale romance Malay prince sues Indonesian wife' b'A U.N. tribunal convicted two Serb cousins Monday of having burned alive more than 100 Muslims in what the presiding judge called a part of the wretched history of man's inhumanity to man.' b'Biggest Diamond Heist If you cant prove that the diamonds are stolen, then you would logically have to give them back.' b'Oldest UK television discovered ' Ali Khamenei warns of 'collapse' after Iran referendum calls US teen pregnancy and syphilis rates rose sharply during George Bush's presidency, Centres for Disease Control finds | ttttWorld news | ttttguardian.co.uk b'Riot police are taking dozens of protesters into their cars and they are taking them away.' b'Leszek Kolakowski dies at 81; exiled Polish philosopher ' b'When You Are Really Hungry You Eat Anything You Get  These Videos are the proof of it' b'Uruguay is going Green! '