 Relatives of Spanish cameraman killed in Baghdad use WikiLeaks to press for justice After years of delays, the family of a Spanish journalist killed in a 2003 US attack on a Baghdad hotel turns to WikiLeaks documents that suggest the US and Spain colluded to prevent legal action! BBC reporter accuses protester with cerebral palsy of rolling threateningly towards police before he was dragged from his wheelchair. Halliburton bribes its way out of bribery charges. Disabled man dragged from his wheelchair by police during student protest in England Disabled protestor pulled from his wheelchair and dragged along street by police at student protests. And the media is confused why some protestors ceased to be peaceful? [Video + Story] Daily Kos Why I'm Posting Bail Money for Julian Assange (Michael Moore) WikiLeaks Julian Assange granted bail but remains locked up  They clearly will not spare any expense to keep Mr Assange in jail. This is really turning into a show trial. Kosovon human organ harvesting ring uncovered  World's Most Intelligent Man  
William Sidis (18981944). Could spell in English at age 1. Typed in French and German at 4. Entered Harvard at 11. Nervous breakdown at 12. Professor at 20. Predicted black holes.  Wikileaks founder Julian Assange granted bail Violence has erupted in Rome after PM Silvio Berlusconi survived parliamentary confidence votes. EU shelves recognition of Palestine  Foreign ministers from European Union say they will recognise a Palestinian state when appropriate Silvio Berlusconi survives confidence vote in Italy's senate  Ceremony to honour firefighters cancelled after Israel denies entry permits to Palestinians who helped battle blaze. Wells Fargo Laundered 378.4 Billion Mexican NarcoInsurgent Dollars Hugo Chavez, the Venezualan president, has announced plans to pass laws by decree for the next six to 18 months. Tony Blairs exroommate shut down inquest
into death of Iraq whistleblower report Wikileaks protest march to go ahead in Sydney today despite police refusing permission Richard Holbrooke was right You've got to stop this war in Afghanistan US Congressional Research Report into charging Wikileaks under the Espionage Act [pdf] Charges make me more determined  Assange  As Berlusconi survives a confidence vote, rioters demand a change in government Billy Bragg  Student Protesters This was supposed to be a generation of slacktivists but instead they have taken the initiative, demanding that tax avoiders take their share of the pain, too. 'Prepare for allout cyber war'  UK Government sites 
braced for attack by proWikiLeaks 'hacktivists' Rightwing hooligans terrorize Russia Soccer fans combine with extremists to beat and kill minorities Richard Stallman The actions against MasterCard and Amazon are not 'hacking'. People are just finding a way to protest in a digital space, the internet equivalent of a mass demonstration | guardian.co.uk The French Government Can Now Censor the Internet. This black list will be defined by the government only, without requiring the intervention of the legal system. Julian Assange interview with BBC hours after his bailout, 13 min. Now WikiLeaks has laid bare the lies and collusion, we pledge to not just witness but actively participate in its fight for democracy Google's Satellite Images Reveal Chinese 'Ghost Cities' WikiLeaks breaks no Australian laws Australian Federal Police The Lebanese army has dismantled two Israeli spy systems planted in the mountains above Beirut. Mexicos Drug War Leaves 30,196 Dead in Four Years WikiLeaks Cables reveal U.S.Cuban cooperation over drug smuggling WikiLeaks cables Sudanese president 'stashed $9bn in UK banks'  Speculation that Omar alBashir siphoned $9bn in oil money and deposited it in foreign accounts could fuel calls for his arrest CIA chief in Pakistan leaves after drone trial blows his cover. North Korea warned the South to cancel an artillery drill that it said will provoke stronger retaliation than shelling last month that killed four people. Retaliation to the drill will be 'deadlier' than on Nov. 23 [2010], staterun Korean Central News Agency said... Mexico's drug war Number of dead passes 30,000. This is getting out of hand! Ciudad Juarez, Mexico  Gunmen have killed a mother protesting in front of the governor's office in northern Mexico to demand justice for her slain daughter.

 The last day of the G20, protesters ended up at Queen and Spadina. Soon after stopping the crowd police boxed them in and began grabbing them out 1 by 1 to arrest people. They were standing there peacefully, many people weren't even protesting they were just in the wrong place at the wrong time... A new Cold War is starting in Asia as Japan is boosting its military to counter China.  Austrian man convicted for yodelling while Muslim neighbours prayed   Telegraph WikiLeaks army comes out to defend freedom of speech  ''Our freedoms are things we have won, our rights are things we hold because we've exercised them in the past,'' he said. ''Our antiterrorism laws are such that almost anything anyone can do can fall under their umbrella.'' Women with seditious eyes must cover up Scores die as drones renew attack on Pakistan's Khyber CIA top spy flees Pakistan over lawsuit  The US central intelligence agency (CIA) has been forced to call back its top spy in Pakistan after he was accused of killing civilians in unauthorized drone attacks. Eamonn McCann Why the US is up in arms over WikiLeaks South African politicians beaten by Israeli soldiers Japan is changing its defence policy in response to the shifting balance of power in Asia. More warnings from North Korea for retaliation of greater intensity and scope next week. [WashingtonPost] We now know that Visa, Mastercard, PayPal and others are instruments of US foreign policy  Julian Assange UK, not Sweden, behind efforts to keep Assange in jail  the British are lying WikiLeaks Big Oil spills BP covers up blowout, blackmails Azerbaijan An Italian court increased sentences for 23 CIA agents convicted in absentia of abducting an Egyptian imam in one of the biggest cases against the US extraordinary rendition program FormerLabour minister calls for all drugs to be legally available, claiming 'the war on drugs does not work' Greece paralyzed by general strike, protests  Some 20,000 protesters chanting no sacrifice for the rich marched through Athens Wednesday as a general strike against austerity measures grounded flights, closed factories, and disrupted hospital and transport services. UK may ban student protests Canadian PM I Will Defend Israel 'whatever the cost' Police attack protesters during Greek general strike. Police brutally attacked demonstrators, who fought back, as an estimated 100,000 people took to the streets in a general strike that brought Greece's major cities to a standstill. UK police chief wants to BAN PROTESTS Things are getting bad and about to get worse in Cote d'Ivoire. Following the disputed elections, troops fired on protesters killing at least 9. Quebec Judge's fuckup corrected by Texas judge, but too late.  One kid dead, another wounded when homicidal nutcase loses custody. European Court of Human Rights ruling will force Ireland to reconsider its abortion laws. Italian court ups sentences for 23 CIA agents BREAKING NEWS Critically Endangered Black Rhino Slaughtered in Serengeti National Park, Tanzania 	French minister praises Assange's support of media freedom Wikileaks's Julian Assange speaks of his relief at being freed. Iraq's war on Christians  Oil and geopolitics prevent the United States and Western European countries from speaking out against what amounts to genocide against Christians in the Middle East. TV psychic had to be stopped, says child sex victim High Court justice Duncan Ouseley rejected prosecutors' argument that Assange should stay in prison and granted him conditional bail. Ireland is still in denial over abortion Every year thousands of Irish women travel abroad for abortions. Police Make Preventative Arrests in Moscow  Police detained anyone whom they considered a potential threat, dragging them to waiting police buses. The situation in Moscow is under the control of law enforcement agencies, police spokesman Viktor Biryukov said. Kosovo prime minister implicated in election fraud, 
murder, organ harvesting, and drug trafficking Sweden's farright seizes on terrorist attack Antiimmigrant parties use Stockholm bombing for political gain Vatican could give master classes when it comes to Machiavellian power play London tuition fee protest [pics] Something is Rotten The Strange Case of Interpol's Red Alert on Assange, and the US Attack on WikiLeaks WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange 'to be charged with spying by the US' WikiRebels  The Documentary Cables Show Ireland ceded to Vatican pressure to grant immunity to Church Officals is sex abuse scandal Charlie Stross Invaders from Mars  Why do we feel politically powerless? Because power in society has been ceded to corporate entities, whose priorities are not those of human beings. We are living in the aftermath of an alien invasion WikiLeaks cables Pope wanted Muslim Turkey kept out of EU PayPal, Amazon.com, Visa and MasterCard may have instantly crumbled under government pressure to drop WikiLeaks but other companies, some of them small, independent startups, haven't wussed out and are helping to keep WikiLeaks afloat by providing funding sources and hosting the site Academics are calling the Ontario government's condemnation of a university student thesis an attack on scholarly freedom, but those offended by the controversial paper insist they won't let hate hide behind the veil of academia.
  Bankers' bonuses to face strict limits in Europe Corruption In America Increases By The 4 Largest Amount In The World (Right Behind Cuba, Dominica And Burkina Faso!) John Pilger speaks out on charges against Julian Assange The importance of WikiLeaks cannot be overestimated. WikiLeaks Can Still Get Cash  Thanks To Pirate Bays CoFounder  via flattr.com China and the Nobel peace prize The empty chair  China expected comparisons with the Soviet Union, which responded similarly when Andrei Sakharov won in 1975. It is unlikely they fully realised that their behaviour would be equated even more prominently with that of Nazi Germany | The Economist The Japanese government plans to boost its deployment of Patriot Advanced Capability3 interceptor missiles at air bases across Japan to counter the threat of North Korea's ballistic missiles ... Russia was tracking the assassins of dissident spy 
Alexander Litvinenko before he was poisoned but 
was warned off by Britain, which said the situation 
was under control MEXICO  The eccentric leader of the brutal La Familia drug cartel was killed in a shootout during two days of fighting between federal police and gunmen Why Toronto Top Cop Bill Blair should be FIRED for G20 fiasco Wikileaks Brazil President Lula backs Julian Assange Suicide bomber blows up car in a crowded street in Stockholm, Sweden  The Haitian cholera strain carries a mutation that makes it more intense and could allow it to spread further, U.S. researchers say. UK Police must not be seen as arm of the state, warns top officer. Repeated clashes with demonstrators risks damaging reputation of police force Mexican military kills leader of powerful 'La Familia' cartel Bankers outraged as European regulation of 
banking pay is now set to be the most stringent in 
the world Vladimir Putin Sings Blueberry Hill in front of cheering American glitterati.    Wikileaks. Brazil's President Lula defends Assange Instead of blaming someone who has disclosed these documents, those who wrote them should be blamed Wikileaks Reveals U.S. Tax Dollars Fund Child Sex Slavery in Afghanistan They're entitled to be paid it, [and] we're entitled to tax it  Ireland proposes to tax banker's bonuses at 90% Pfizer payout miilions over chemical testing on Nigerian Town  Wikileaks Why did they put Assange in jail, is that democracy at work?  Vladimir Putin Venezuela's Hugo Chavez says he'll govern from tent while flood evacuees use presidential palace Burma's nuclear plans (weapon development with North Korea?) exposed by WikiLeaks Massive Student Protests Rock UK Wikileaked cable Based on calculations from campaign observers around Iran who witnessed the vote counts, Mousavi received approximately 61% of the 42 million votes cast in 2009s election, followed by Karroubi (1012 million)... Ahmadinejad received a maximum of 45 million votes The 24hour Athenian democracy We are Everywhere. We are everyone. We are Anonymous.  Report Assange accuser flees to Middle East, may not be cooperating with police London student protestor struck by truncheon has brain injury Nobel peace prize awarded to China's Liu Xiaobo WikiLeaks protest kicks off in Melbourne You know you are an Asshole Country when the only other time someone else did it, It was Hitler's Germany. Iceland Recovering  No Bank Bailouts, No Euro What I Found In North Korea  Pyongyangs Plutonium is No Longer the Only Problem   Defying Chinese outrage, exiled dissidents, ambassadors from dozens of countries, Norwegian royals and other dignitaries will gather around an empty chair Friday to hail absent Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo. Paypal gives in Rethinking terrorist blacklists the policy of blacklisting is now facing a fundamental crisis of legitimacy. An Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning for committing adultery appeared last night to have been released The Vatican refused to allow its officials to testify before an Irish commission investigating the clerical abuse of children and was angered when they were summoned from Rome... Diplomat's Son Takes Out 'Bad Day' on Puppy... Downloads of [Anonymous' DDoS] LOIC software 
have grown 60fold, from 390 to 23,479 in the 
last week. Parliament Committee to review Visa & Mastercard operating licenses in Iceland due to Wikileaks ban. WikiLeaks copycats are popping up all over the world IndoLeaks, BrusselsLeaks And BalkanLeaks NKorea threatens SKorea with nuclear war What would you say if China threatened to issue an international warrant for the head of the BBC because they published news of the Nobel Peace Prize? Now, how about the US and WikiLeaks? Assange The more secretive or unjust an organization is, the more leaks induce fear & paranoia in its leadership and planning coterie. Since unjust systems, by their nature induce opponents, mass leaking leaves them vulnerable to those who seek to replace them with more open forms of governance Secret Virginia Grand jury meets to decide fate of WikiLeaks founder  Extradition and Espionage  Assange Prime Minister Julia Gillard may get me killed China and the Nobel ceremony  China setup a new Confucius peace prize (to rival the Nobel) and their first recipient for it has never heard of such an award and had no plans to accept it. Kuwait shuts down local alJazeera office for covering opposition protest meeting. Iran condemns violence against students in Britain. (I found it hard not to editorialize this title) Pakistani journalist sues CIA for drone strike that killed relatives $52bn of American aid and still Afghans are dying of 
starvation  Stockholm bomber was thrown out of Luton mosque for trying to recruit extremists Afghan president says he'd 'choose the Taliban' over U.S. North Korea warned today that USSouth Korean cooperation could bring nuclear war to the region.  China takes censorship to a new level by erasing from an internet blog an image of the empty chair that highlighted the absence of Liu Xiaobo, the Nobel laureate, from the peace prize ceremony in Oslo  Massive gang shooting spree on Vancouver's west side injures 10 people Ukraine to open Chernobyl area to tourists in 2011 Japan to Shift Its Military Toward Threats From China In order to foster good relations with the US, North Korea urged them to send Eric Clapton to Pyongyang because of Kim JongIl's second son's devotion to the rock star Liu Xiaobo Poetry Remembering Tiananmen Square Massacre to be Published in English Nobel Laureate's house in Beijing is torn down, wife missing. China's Oil Juggernaut From Texas to Sudan, China is snatching up oil fields. But will it play fair on the global market? Swedish military officer warned of attacks in advance | If you can, avoid Drottninggatan today. A lot can happen therejust so you know, the message said. Report Federal Grand Jury Considering Charges Against WikiLeaks Assange Brazil had capitalism without capital  it took a socialist metalworker to make capitalism work here, says President Lula to 60 Minutes. Brazil is off and running with jobs, industry, and resources.  In 2005, Bush and Blair discussed bombing AlJazeera's news headquarters. One person has been killed and at least one other hurt as two explosions rocked the centre of the Swedish capital, Stockholm, reports say. Police officers 'tried to stop hospital staff treating injured protester' Worldwide protests call for release of Julian Assange Some areas of the world have a 20% child mortality rate due to lack of basic medicines, but have access to CocaCola.  This org wants to use their distribution channels to solve this problem. Being kettled was a shocking experience the 
media should scrutinise police tactics in 
contravening our basic rights  A village in China where through community 
ownership and cooperative investment, everybody 
has at least a car, a house, and $250,000usd in the 
bank. Wikileak cables reveal the background of prodictator U.S. policy Mexican Police Kill Head of La Familia cartel WikiLeaks backlash The first global cyber war has begun, claim hackers Swedish police say Stockholm attacks were terrorism   One man dead and two injured after attack in central Stockholm, as witnesses describe suicide bomber blowing himself up Iranian students burn Koran The 'Real Jew' Debate  NYTimes.com  A level of vitriol previous reserved for the Samaritans and Arabs is now directed at Jews that dare to criticize the direction of Israel Canada faces a flood of heroin and addicts  Treatment centres in cities around Canada are struggling to cope with a surge of addicts  many younger than ever before UN stifled report on Ivory Coast death squads that now run rampant Redefining Corruption Greece is corrupt, but Western European and USstyle cronyism is far more efficient at separating the yokels from their money. Chinas Army of Graduates Struggles for Jobs Someone's serious concerns about legal action due to 
flotilla massacre Chinas army of graduates is struggling Man sentenced to be blinded with acid by Iranian court |  IRAN'S supreme court has upheld a sentence of blinding with acid for a man who blinded his lover's husband, under the Islamic eyeforaneye justice code, a government daily said. Lockerbie The scandal of the decade?  
The WikiLeaks cables offer more evidence the British government was complicit in the release of the Pan Am bomber Profreespeech rallies held in several international cities to protest the arrest of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange British Police Look to Water Cannons to Deal With Protestersafter rioters attacked officers with metal poles, smashed windows and even vandalised a car carrying the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall during protests against rises in university fees Being born a poster child for the Third Reich  How is it discovering youre the product of a Nazi breeding scheme, Heinrich Himmlers godson and the bastard child of a war criminal? Japan to Shift Its Military Toward Threats From China Assange Calls ABC Reporter a 'Tabloid Schmuck' & Exits Interview BBC Halliburton Recently Paid a Quarter BILLION Dollars to have Nigeria Drop Its Charges Against Dick Cheney in Pipeline Bribery Case Naomi Wolf on Assange charges Anyone who works in supporting women who have been raped knows... that Britain and Sweden, surely under pressure from the US, are cynically using the serious issue of rape as a fig leaf to cover the shameful issue of global collusion in silencing dissent. Bradley Manning's holding conditions in detail  from his lawyer David E. Coombs Israeli Settlers Stoning Palestinians Wikileaks response to BofA's payment ban Does your business do business with Bank of America? Our advise is to place your funds somewhere safer.  Aljazeera is not sympathetic to alQaeda or Muslim radicalism. Unlike US network news, they dont consider themselves our nannies, that they should filter the news for us and protect us from hearing the words of enemies. Iranian riot police out in force as food and fuel subsidies end In South Korea, concern over the North's possible collapse Lawyers cry foul over leak of Julian Assange sexcase papers |  The Australian In other news, Britain panics like a little girl at a few inches of snow. Katie Couric interviews Julian Assange regarding whether or not he knew or had contact with Bradley Manning  a great interview! The War You Don't See  John Pilger's documentary 
about the media's failures in reporting about the 
wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. [Video] Russia 'seriously concerned' over Korea tensions as North Korea threatens retaliation for South Korean military exercises; Russia calls UNSC meeting Gender pay gap 'down to women's lifestyle choices' Venezuela congress grants Chavez decree powers  Chvez is now legally the dictator of Venezuela.  Klaus Schwab, head of the World Economic Forum WikiLeaks is the expression of a new reality . . . The balance between the private sphere and transparency has been radically altered. Governments, companies and decisionmakers must accept to find themselves permanently in a glass room A top North Korean general offered Sunday [December 19, 2010] to help return the remains of several hundred U.S. troops killed during the Korean War, New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson said. U.N. Delegates Debate Control Of Internet Littlenoticed debate at UN is one that focuses on the future of the Internet. On one side are countries favoring more governmental controls. On the other are the advocates of Internet freedom WikiLeaks lawyers Sweden smeared Assange with selective police files release. Protesters try to storm government HQ in Belarus Thousands of opposition protesters in Belarus have tried to storm the government headquarters, following the country's presidential election. US Vice President Joe Biden puts Justice Department on exploring legal pursuit of high tech terrorist Julian Assange  
An eccentric former British army captain, owner of an 18th century manor as well as a popular London war correspondents club, has taken the WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange,  under his wing  John Pilger Swedes are smearing Assange and encouraging the US. Chief prosecutor, after making her own inquiries, cancelled the arrest warrant. It was only the intervention of a leading political figure, Claes Borgstrom, that reactivated the case! Caterpillar bulldozers militarize their machines specifically to demolish Palestinian homes for the Israeli army Bank of America says it won't process payments intended for WikiLeaks What has WikiLeaks done, after all? . . . it has globalised the conflict between citizen and state. The argument is no longer between a few Britons and those who operate the Official Secrets Act. It is no longer about a few Americans . . . running up against the Department of Homeland Security... This is why they protest in London government plans to cut  81bn in services over four years. Using loopholes, rich individuals and corporations will avoid paying 100bn in taxes over 4 years.  Julian Assange My life is under threat 10 days in Sweden the full allegations against Julian Assange Bolivia recognizes independent Palestinian state [Against Wikileaks]Schroeter... gave as an example the need for secret negotiations to reach agreement on the Treaty of Versailles. But since the treaty bears substantial responsibility for the rise of Hitler and WW2, it has a fair claim to being the most disastrous peace treaty in human history. UK Burglars accidentally shot (in the dark) by farmer hunting foxes. Report incident to hospital. Police marksmen and helicopter scrambled to arrest farmer... who has a firearms license. Burglars released without charge, charges dropped against farmer 3 months later Australia rejects Israeli ordered Media censorship on AlManar Firsttime lawmakers of South Korea's ruling Grand National Party will have propaganda leaflets dropped on North Korea on major holidays in the North . . . The leaflets are aimed to let North Koreans know the truth about their country. How Ironic.  Police Brutality, Western Australia  man tasered 41 times in a week BBC News  Bank of America stops handling Wikileaks payments The crew of a Chinese trawler and a South Korean patrol ship have clashed, leaving one fisherman dead and two missing, South Korean officials say. Nigeria agrees to drop corruption charges against Dick Cheney and Halliburton in exchange for a $250 million settlement.  South Korea stages mass evacuation drill amid tension '9/11 was an inside job' Full speech by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad at UN  Iran's president sparked a mass walkout by US delegates yesterday after telling a UN summit that most people believe the American government was behind the 9/11 attacks. Incumbent Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo has demanded that all foreign peacekeepers leave the country immediately, escalating a dispute over last month's presidential election. WikiLeaks India Torture in Kashmir, Hindu radicalism worse than Islamic terror Law And The Russian System  
Corruption in Russia. Ubiquitous, acknowledged. Soft legal constraints. Laws are there to be brokenso long as you follow the unwritten rules for breaking the written rules. People know it's a bad system, but fear change WikiLeaks' revelations about RBS call into question 
the FSA's findings | Business | guardian.co.uk WikiLeaks UN offered Robert Mugabe a lucrative retirement overseas English Defense League (EDL) is poised to fuel the interfaith confrontation in UK South Korea said Saturday it will go ahead with artillery drills on a border island shelled by North Korea last month despite Pyongyang's threat to retaliate again, as Russia and China expressed concerns over tension on the volatile peninsula.

 Palestinians call for state recognition without peace deal | RT Indian news channel NDTV left its screen blank for an hour on Sunday evening in protest of the ban on Indias Daughter, a documentary about the 2012 Delhi rape. Two California Tourists Arrested For Engraving Their Names In Rome's Colosseum And Taking A Selfie Russian President Vladimir Putin has revealed he planned the annexation of Crimea four days before unidentified gunmen appeared in the region. India wants global ban on gang rape documentary Giant tomb of a Iron Age Celtic prince discovered just 100km from Paris in Champagne, contains exceptional archaeological treasures fitting for one of the highest elite of the end of the first Iron Age Of Canada's antiterror bill C51, BC Premier Christy Clark says When you give up personal freedoms, it's very hard to get them back. Unidentified gunmen kill more than 12 Islamic State militants in eastern Syria German professor cites rape culture in India to refuse student internship  India, News Liberia's last ebola patient is out of the Hospital. 'He Stabbed Me, Darling,' Indian Techie Killed in Sydney, Told Husband on the Phone German Teenager Dies Fighting ISIS in Syria Report German Official Says Saudi Arabia Top Terror Exporter In Middle East Swedish Minister 'Silenced' by Saudis at Arab League Russia jails five Chechen men in killing of Putin critic Boris Nemtsov All Canadians would be trapped in antiterror legislations web, warns privacy commissioner, saying it is excessive, and safeguards against abuse are seriously deficient. Students of the Technical University of Crete have built a hydrogen car that has won international awards, yet Greek legislation prevents production of the vehicle Canada bringing back Buffalo to Banff National Park, a species that once roamed the plains of Western Canada by the millions. Putin describes secret operation to seize Crimea Over 2 Million Migratory Birds Killed in Cyprus  to feed an illicit taste for the delicacy. Study shows a dramatic situation of this illegal activity sadly taking place, with number of nets used almost doubling in 2014. Lime sticks trap birds, leaving them to dangle helplessly. Saudi Arabia rejects human rights criticism after flogging of blogger Badawi North Korean dictator Kim JongUn has been attempting to show off his feminist credentials  by handing out makeup during an airbase visit on International Women's Day. Israel's Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman Those [Palestinian citizens] who are against us deserve to have their heads chopped off with an axe. Facebook atheist risking jail seeks to flee Egypt Karim alBanna, who on Monday could hear an appeal court uphold his threeyear jail term for insulting Islam with his atheism, wishes he could live anywhere but his native Egypt. Over 25,000 test positive for Swine Flu in India, 1370 deaths so far UN report says Australia's treatment of asylum seekers breaches torture convention MH370's underwater locator beacon expired more than a year before it vanished. Boko Haram 'joins Islamic State' Tens of thousands fill Rabin Square in Israel for antiNetanyahu rally Suspect in Russian Politicians Killing Blows Himself Up, Report Says NSA Global Spy Stations Revealed 'Sniff It All, Collect It All, Know It All, Process It All, Exploit It All' Latest documents leaked by Snowden offer new insight into mysterious 'domes of Waihopai' and the global spy network of which they represent only a part Shipment containing 221kg of lithium ion (Liion) batteries on Malaysia Airlines (MAS) Flight MH370 was not screened before being loaded The Israeli navy opened fire on boats off the coast of the Gaza Strip on Saturday, killing one Palestinian fisherman, Gaza hospital officials said. Venezuela will begin installing 20,000 fingerprint scanners at supermarkets nationwide in a bid to stamp out hoarding and panic buying Occidental Petroleum has agreed to compensate Perus Achuar tribe for polluting its territories deep in the Amazon rainforest, concluding seven years of litigation and handing the indigenous group a hardfought victory against a U.S. oil giant Canadian soldier killed by friendly fire in Iraq Indonesian clothes company sorry for 'sexist' labels Washing instructions Give this shirt to a woman. It's her jo Indonesia got 189 of its own citizens off death row internationally, but still insists on executing two Australian citizens Pornography vs art Facebook loses jurisdiction battle in France over case of French teacher who got his account banned for posting a picture of a 19thcentury painting Russia Says Security Cameras Weren't Pointing at Nemtsov Shooting  But Blogger's Photo Suggests They Were Young Canadians conversion to radical Islam leaves family devastated Father gives up hope of changing his son, who has become a cheerleader for the Islamic State terrorists and has landed himself on the radar of CSIS Australia imposes Arabic ban at maximum security jail ISIS is a bunch of crazy people Jordan's Queen Rania Support for Putin Among Russian Voters Doubles Canada's AntiTerror Bill Allows Intel Obtained By Torture, Says Green Party Leader, says it throws out Canada's wellestablished rules that prevent police from using illegallyobtained information. Isis vandalism has Libya fearing for its cultural treasures Indian Railways Plans 1,000 Megawatts of Solar Energy Projects Berlin Alarmed Over NATO Aggressive Stance on Ukraine While the ban on female nationals watching live sports games seems set to remain, Foreign women may be allowed to attend football matches in Iran, an Iranian Official says Saudi Arabia has passed India to become the world's biggest arms importer Federal agents raid 20 suspected 'maternity tourism hotels' in California; Chinese women pay up to $50,000 to have their children gain US citizenship. Facebook facial recognition software violates privacy laws, says Germany  Social network must stop programme and delete data already collected on users  or face fines up to 300,000, says official A Muslim woman punched a man in the face after he had photographed her on a busy Toronto intersection; claims that her religious rights had been violated 'Bomb' device attached to Mosman schoolgirl was a 'very, very elaborate' hoax

 Shell admits liability for huge Nigeria oil spill. 'BP did more in six months for the US communities than Shell has done in 50 years for the Ogoniland,' activist says. India to give $2bn to fund bailouts in Europe UK copyright law shakeup will give 8bn boost to economy Business Sec, Vince Cable, We are removing the barriers to the intellectual property system to encourage innovation. We need a legal framework that supports consumer use rather than one that sees it as regrettable.  Policies that have frustrated Palestinians for years are now being applied to middleclass Israelis, too Pet owners get to keep their dogs thanks to wave of fierce protests after Chinese city ordered 30,000 pet dogs seized & killed in bid to stop spread of rabies   The plan was criticized as unscientific & inhumane by experts The secret British interrogation policy that could never be made public Tony Blair's government was guilty of developing something close to a criminal policy Stocks collapse on global slowdown fears   Niger delta oil spills cleanup will take 30 years, says UN UK officials were allowed to interrogate tortured prisoners, document shows. Japan drives down yen as crisis grips world financial markets  Bank of Japan sells more than one trillion yen to stem currency's value For Syrians living in the city of Hama, it's a recurring nightmare  the sounds of tanks rolling into the city center, and screams. Activists say hundreds killed in Syria. Syrian army intensifies Hama assault I saw with my own eyes one young boy on a motorcycle who was carrying vegetables being run over by a tank. French court orders probe of IMF chief Lagarde's role in a muchcriticized $400 million arbitration deal in favor of a controversial tycoon. Italy likely to default  Canadian government accused of 'unprecedented' tar sands lobbying  
'Friends of the Earth Europe' claims ministers have attempted to undermine European fuel legislation that would affect exports Chile police, students clash in banned protests Swedish man caught trying to split atoms at home Canada Fires Environment Ministry Scientists &  Meteorologists, Hires Oil Lobbyists BBC News  Piers Morgan 'needs to explain hacking comments' A French court on Thursday ordered an investigation into new IMF chief Christine Lagarde's role in a muchcriticized $400 million arbitration deal in favor of a controversial tycoon. Shouting in the Dark  The story of the Arab revolution that was forgotten by the world Smolensk air crash Poland sacks top military officers  Thirteen top Polish military officers have been fired, and a deputy defence minister has resigned, over last year's air disaster in western Russia. Boris Nemtsov 'I'm afraid Putin will kill me,' Russian opposition politician said weeks before being shot dead Over 73 percent of Russians admit crisis in Russia Known for his push to legalize cannabis, spartan lifestyle and devotion to his threelegged dog, Uruguay's outspoken President Jose Pepe Mujica will step down Sunday more popular than ever Thai temple to build separate toilets for nonChinese visitors because of the state that Chinese tourists were leaving the toilets in. Lithuania signs US deal to replace Russian gas . Methane Found on Mars, Indicates Life May Once Have Existed There Nasa Thousands in Moscow at Nemtsov march Saudi blogger Raif Badawi, sentenced to 1,000 lashes over accusations he insulted Islam, could now be facing the death penalty Top adviser to Chancellor George Osborne filmed smoking crack cocaine in drugs den Norway arrests radical Islamic preacher who praised Charlie Hebdo killers Robert Mugabe celebrates 91st birthday with million dollar bash; decries American safari hunting, serves elephant at feast. World Crowd Kills Girl Suspected to Be Suicide Bomber in Nigeria Lebanon opens borders to Assyrians fleeing ISIS Profitdriven hospitals scandal in India One doctor said that in monthly meetings with the hospital chief executive, he is reprimanded for having only a 10 per cent conversion rate  a reference to how many outpatients seen by a doctor are advised to undergo surgery Despite U.N. Treaties, War Against Drugs a Losing Battle As the call for the decriminalization of drugs steadily picks up steam worldwide, a new study concludes there has been no significant reduction in the global use of illicit drugs since the creation of three key U.N. antidrug conventions Russian supermarkets freeze prices for inflationweary shoppers Mass antiimmigration rally in Rome Alleged mastermind of Mumbai 2008 attack living comfortably in jail in Pakistan Turkey and U.S. to start training 5000 Syrian rebels on March 1, in Kirsehir, Turkey ISIS to release 29 Assyrian Christians Mohammed Emwazi, the Islamic State extremist known as Jihadi John, was able to flee Britain and the scrutiny of the security services, despite being a member of a terror cell that was known to have links to the failed 21/7 attacks on London in 2005, the Observer can reveal. Venezuela president Maduro announces diplomatic sanctions against US North Korean leader tells army 'prepare for war' Pope Francis launched a fresh attack on economic injustice on Saturday [28 February 2015], condemning the 'throwaway culture' of globalization and calling for new ways of thinking about poverty, welfare, employment and society. Ukraine's new USborn finance chief enduring baptism by fire American jailed in United Arab Emirates for Facebook posts made in the USA France wants companies to make appliances that last longer Islamic scholar Zakir Naik, who said Muslims can have sex with female slaves, gets Saudi Arabia's highest honour Snowden ready to go to US if he gets fair trial  whistleblower's lawyer Court lets child porn MP Edathy off with fine India 400 men cut off their testicles to 'get closer to God' following advice from 'guru' Britains Elite Still Enjoying a Tax Break 100 Years Old. World Too Much Human Poo on Mount Everest, Says Nepal Nasdaq closes above 5,000 for 1st time in 15 years Russia's Gulag Museum Shuts Doors Amid Mounting State Pressure A museum commemorating the victims of Sovietera political repressions is closing down after months of government pressure Russians to Spend More Than Half of Their Income on Food Lost City Discovered in Honduran Rain Forest Obama Netanyahu made all sorts of claims. This was going to be a terrible deal. This was going to result in Iran getting $50 billion worth of relief. Iran would not abide by the agreement. None of that has come true. Canadian Conservative MP James Lunney tweets against evolution Member of Parliament advises on Twitter to just 'stop calling evolution fact!' The chief witness in the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, the Ukrainian model who was girlfriend, was able to leave Russia and is now on her way to Kiev Russia Prepared To Give China 50% Stakes in Oil And Gas Fields Iran rejects US demand for 10year freeze on nuclear program Ukraine's central bank raises key interest rate to 30% from 19.5% Plastic garbage is being eaten by coral mistaking it for food in the Great Barrier Reef, raising alarm over possible ecosystem damage The Syrian Army captures more than 20 villages and towns from The Islamic State in Northern Syria Venezuelan government has responded to increased pressure from Washington by revoking visa rights for former US politicians such as George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, described by President Nicolas Maduro as terrorists against the peoples of the world Officials Mom Knew Her Son Mohammed Emwazi Was 'Jihadi John' The Argentine government officially nationalized the countrys railway system today, a measure announced by President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner yesterday. The private concessionaries will not be compensated ISIS will carry out '9/11 in Europe within two years', claims Gaddafi's exiled cousin Christian militia in Syria defends ancient settlements against Isis  Fighters try to protect last pockets of Assyrian Christians after Islamic State kills dozens, captures 300 hostages and forces thousands into exile Thousands in Moscow chant Russia without Putin Charlie Hebdo now has 25 times as many subscribers as before deadly attack PayPal stops accepting payments for Kim Dotcom ' s Mega service because it uses encryption Russian chessmaster Kasparov Now there's 'no chance' for a peaceful transition beyond Putin Africa's medicine men key to halting Ebola spread in Guinea More and more patients are coming to health facilities after a referral from their healer, says World Health Organisation. Even at $10/barrel, oil cant match solar on cost. The report from the National Bank of Abu Dhabi says that while oil and gas has underpinned almost all energy investments until now, future investment will be almost entirely in renewable energy sources. 2012 Delhi bus rapist blames his victim, says it was accident Bush, Cheney, former CIA director and several congressmen banned from Venezuela Ukranian pilot Savchenko, detained in Russia for over 8 months without trial and on hunger strike for over 80 days, could die within days The Svalbard doomsday vault  widely known for protecting global food crop seeds  has accepted its first delivery of forest tree species seeds. Top Hamas general says group prepping for war with Israel Exclusive King Abdullah calls ISIS 'outlaws' of Islam ProNATO Reform Party beats proRussian Centre Party in Estonian elections UK plans to generate electricity from the world's first series of tidal lagoons. The six lagoons will capture incoming and outgoing tides behind giant sea walls, and use the weight of the water to power turbines. Killing of yet another journalist in Ukraine a gruesome reminder of alarming safety situation for journalists, OSCE Representative says Let them slash their wrists. Undercover footage shows conditions in immigration detention centre Riot police sealed hundreds of Myanmar student protesters inside a monastery on Monday in a tense standoff, activists said, blocking their planned march to Yangon to call for education reforms. More than two hundred skeletons discovered in mass grave beneath Paris supermarket North Korea fires two missiles into the sea, South Korea reports. Toronto mystery tunnel builders identified One of the main USbacked Syrian rebel groups just admitted defeat Australia bans travel to Iraqi city of Mosul under new law. Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the Mosul district in northern Iraq had been declared a designated area under a section of the Criminal Code created in October last year. Saudi Arabia gives top prize to cleric who blames George Bush for 9/11 Kerry AntiIsraeli bias is undermining the UN Human Rights Council Report Obama threatened to shoot down Israeli jets, forcing Israel to abort 2014 strike on Iranian nuclear facilities Study Confirms That Abstinence Education Has Utterly Failed At Preventing AIDS In Africa The father of a woman who died after a savage gangrape in Delhi said he thought everyone should watch a documentary about the attack broadcast by the BBC but banned in India If a man can speak like that in jail, imagine what he would say if he was walking free, said the father of the victim The car used in Putin critic's killing belongs to an 'inhouse security service'. The Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani, has reacted to Binyamin Netanyahus speech to the US Congress by saying that the world and the American people are too intelligent to take advice from an aggressive and occupier regime that has itself developed an arsenal of nuclear weapons. India's government has asked YouTube to remove all links to a controversial documentary about the gang rape and murder of a woman in Delhi after banning its broadcast. Iran We saved the Jews three times; Netanyahu should learn history A report outlining the extent of Russia's military involvement in Ukraine, which was being prepared by Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov before his murder a few days ago, will be completed and published, opposition activists say The Green Party in Germany is proposing a draft law to legalize cannabis Snowden says U.S. not offering fair trial if he returns Scientists have unearthed the jawbone of what they claim is one of the very first humans. The 2.8 millionyearold specimen is 400,000 years older than researchers thought that our kind first emerged. Jihadi Johns Father Says His Son Is A Dog And Can Go To Hell China tries to ditch its coal addiction, reduce energy intensity. Country would aim to raise wind power capacity to 200 gigawatts (GW) and solar to around 100 GW by 2020, up from 95.8 GW and 26.5 GW respectively at the end of 2014. #snowdenNZ  Leaked documents show New Zealand spies on its Pacific friends and sends the data to the US | GCSB collects phone calls, emails and internet data from NZ's closest and most vulnerable neighbours, secret papers reveal Chemical fire in Vancouver port. People told to close windows and stay home as far away as Burnaby. UK Police Admit Their Money Laundering Investigations Only Hit the 'Tip of the Iceberg' Britain's advertising watchdog banned an Israeli government tourism advert for suggesting that the Old City of Jerusalem was part of Israel on Wednesday. India threatens BBC over rapist interview Remains of First Known Human Found in Ethiopia The 2.8millionyear old remains consist of a fossil lower jaw and teeth. They were unearthed at the LediGeraru research area at Afar Regional State, Ethiopia. A court in Moscow has convicted a Russian police officer on charges of spying for the United States and sentenced him to 15 years in prison US ambassador to South Korea Mark Lippert injured by armed attacker while giving lecture, local media report. Putin Sounds the Alarm Over Budding 'Color Revolutions' in Russia President Vladimir Putin urged Interior Ministry officials on Wednesday to focus on smothering budding color revolutions, thus bolstering the current political climate by reinforcing a widespread fear of domestic enemies Edward Snowden says Canadian spying has weakest oversight in Western world The US military's top officer, General Martin Dempsey, told lawmakers on Wednesday it was possible special operations forces could eventually be sent to Syria to back up Americantrained rebels 300 staff working for lawmakers have lobbying interests, analysis reveals Iran's supreme leader has terminal cancer UK should begin decriminalising drugs, say Richard Branson and Nick Clegg Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi asks Indonesian President and heavy metal fan Joko Widodo to stop execution of Australian drug smugglers Paraguay Next to Legalize Marijuana Says President of Congress Putin has called for an end to shameful political killings in Russia UK Sex gangs may have abused hundreds of girls; children have suffered on an industrial scale says PM Some 12,000 Russian soldiers in Ukraine supporting rebels U.S. commander American billionaire Paul Allen has announced the discovery of the famous World War Two Japanese battleship, the Musashi, more than 70 years after it was sunk by US forces Benjamin Netanyahu didn't offer 'viable alternatives' during Iran speech Obama Harper government won't let former Prime Ministers testify on antiterror bill C51 in Canada, but will hear from US Homeland Security's Jeh Johnson. An ancient tomb belonging to Amenhotep, guard of the temple of Egyptian deity Amun, has been discovered in the southern city of Luxor, the Egypt's antiquities ministry said on Tuesday. The ministry said the tomb probably dates to the New Kingdom's 18th Dynasty (15431292 BC). A European first Ireland passes laws banning branded cigarette packets A sign of the times References to Stalin's crimes removed from Soviet Gulag prison museum The leader of one of Mexico's most notorious drugs gang, the Zetas cartel, has been captured by security forces, officials say A Delhi court has banned a documentary film about the December 2012 fatal gang rape of a woman over concerns about derogatory comments made by one of the rapists but its filmmaker has said it will be released as planned. German NSA inquiry chief's phone hacked, then interfered with in transit by 'persons unknown' A former Royal Marine has become the first Briton to be killed while fighting alongside Kurdish forces against Islamic State in Syria US Soldiers Readying for Ukraine Deployment The US Army is preparing to send approximately 300 troops at a time to train Ukrainian forces in western Ukraine, according to documents posted on a government contracting site. TASS Russia  Car tied to Nemtsov killing belongs to enterprise serving government bodies An Al Jazeera journalist has been fined 1,000 (725;$1,120) for flying a drone in Paris last week in the midst of a security alert sparked by unexplained drone sightings across the city. Afghan Army lost 40000 personnel to desertions and casualties in first year after NATO left Canadian government pushing First Nations to give up land rights for oil and gas profits Illegal elephant tusk vendor convicted with help of radiocarbon dating Toronto company fined after dating technique used for 1st time. 509 essential drugs get cheaper in India Indian state bans the possession and sale of beef, imposing fines and up to five years in prison for violations. Afghan army suffers heavy combat losses US NASAs chief confirms it Without Russia, the $140 billion space station would be lost. Electric car sales in Norway continue to break records, increase by 130% in one year. Lenovo only earned $250k to infect customers with Superfish Chinas wind farms can now produce more energy than all of Americas nuclear plants World's first LSD brain imaging study seeks funds through crowdfunding. The study is looking to reveal how LSD can heal illnesses such as depression, anxiety, and addiction. Two men have been arrested over the murder of Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov IS destroying another ancient archaeological site in Iraq British internet troll sued for 100,000 after leaving scathing review of a Coloradobased law firm on google maps. US government still hunting WikiLeaks as Obama targets whistleblowers | The Department of Justice and the FBI are pursuing a multisubject longterm investigation of the openinformation website, court documents reveal 230 kilo of meth found on Chinese travelers at Russian Airport, turned out to be tofu ISIS 'bulldozed' ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud, Iraq says Denmark Calls for Muhammad cartoons in school textbooks Syrian Air Force kills ISIS commander and destroyed an ISIS convoy of military vehicles. China rocked by former state TV news anchor linking her baby's tumour to the country's terrible air pollution in hardhitting film seen by more than 200 million North Korean diplomat stopped with nearly $1.4m in gold at Dhaka airport Pope faces unprecedented opposition from within the Church for his appointment of a Bishop in Chile who covered up for Chile's most notorious pedophile. Holding Bishops accountable is one of main priorities of Pope's Sex Abuse committee. Greece to pass antiausterity bill to guarantee food and electricity to thousands in poverty An Afghan artist walked through the streets of Kabul wearing metal armour in a bid to denounce sexual harassment, a courageous performance that nearly got her lynched. Porn Filmed At Egypts Pyramids Sparks Outrage The Czech Constitutional Court has confirmed that the Ministry of Health can determine that certain vaccines are mandatory and fine parents for noncompliance IS bulldozing of ancient city condemned as war crime Thousands rally against TPP 'Sweden shouldn't end controversial Saudi deal' | Prominent business leaders, including the chairman of Swedish fashion brand H&M, have called for Sweden not to end a controversial military arms deal with Saudi Arabia, in an opinion piece in the Dagens Nyheter newspaper. Georgia slams Russias military exercises on Georgian occupied land Dollar picks up to 11 years high, Euro struggles Lockheed Martin Claims Sustainable Fusion Is Within Its Grasp Nasa finds evidence of a vast ancient ocean on Mars Astronomers Observe Supernova and Find They're Watching the Same Star Explode Over and Over Again Nasa, has confirmed that its Dawn probe has gone into orbit around Ceres, the largest object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. Indian mob breaks into jail, beats rape suspect to death ExMossad chief calls Netanyahu's Iran speech 'bullshit' A Russian official has accused US fast food giants McDonalds and Coca Cola of waging war against citizens by aggressively marketing unhealthy products to them New study says SSRI antidepressants need to be added to list of drugs that induce withdrawal symptoms upon discontinuation. SSRI withdrawal symptoms include depression and anxiety which are being confused with relapse of original illnesses and causing people to stay on drugs longer than needed. Quebec resident Alain Philippon charged at Halifax airport for not giving up phone password Snowden says he'd like to return to Geneva. Edward Snowden has made a public appeal for Switzerland to grant him asylum, saying he would like to return to live in Geneva, where he once worked undercover for the Central Intelligence Agency. U.S. ambassador gets 80 stitches after knife attack ISIL commander treated in a hospital in western Turkey, Governors office confirms. Dutch jihadists should die before returning to Netherlands Prime Minister Rutte New Zealand Customs propose that it be given blanket authority to force people to disclose passwords to their computers and smartphones at the border. Failure to do so without a reasonable excuse would result in up to 3 months prison. NASA Spacecraft Set for Historic Arrival at Dwarf Planet Ceres Today Chemistry teacher jailed 6 years for trying to join Islamic State Iran blinds acid attacker in 'eye for an eye' punishment. Man has eye gouged out by medics in first known case of retribution five years after he blinded another man. Adidas is Closing 200 Stores in Russia Police Chief says of tunnel near York University that stoked unfounded terrorist fears Maybe this is just the coolest fort ever, as man comes forward to say it was just a mancave built to chill and have bbq in. Syrian warplanes kill 13 senior leaders of al Qaeda affiliate ISIS fighters bulldoze ancient Assyrian palace in Iraq Nisman former wife Alberto Nisman did not commit suicide, he was murdered Tajik opposition leader Umarali Kuvatov, who had been living in exile in Turkey, was killed by a single shot to the head in the Turkish city of Istanbul, opposition sources Suspected terror attack in Jerusalem; 3 officers hurt French Authorities ID 3 Palestinian Suspects Responsible for 1982 Terror Attack in Paris' Jewish Quarter WikiLeaks releases the secret negotiated draft text for the entire TPP (TransPacific Partnership) Intellectual Property Rights Chapter. Author Of The PATRIOT Act Goes To EU Parliament To Admit Congress Failed, And The NSA Is Out Of Control Wars are becoming less frequent. Life expectancy has more than doubled in the past century. More children than ever are going to primary school. The world is better than it has ever been. UK spy found dead in bag probably locked himself inside, according to London police /r/worldnews fundraising campaign for Typhoon Haiyan Relief They never forgot Japan returns favor to the Philippines Wikileaks exposes secret TPP trade negotiations Here's David Cameron Calling For Permanent Austerity In Front Of All Kinds Of Ridiculous Gold Things A 270 sq mile iceberg has broken off Antarctica. White House blasts new sanctions against Iran as US Congress 'marching to war'. Says the American people do not want a march to war. A Danish church minister has argued for the abolition of the country's blasphemy law saying it undermines democracy by limiting free speech, abuses human rights and no longer serves any purpose A band of Islamic vigilantes has admitted to roaming the streets of East London, confronting and threatening to kill nonbelievers in an effort to enforce Sharia law. A Vietnam court will consider the death penalty for two former executives if theyre convicted in a $25 million fraud scheme, signaling an aggressive stance as leaders seek to clean up the banking system. A camera trap in a forest in central Vietnam has managed to snap a photo of one of earths rarest mammals, the saola, which hadnt been seen in 15 years. Putin receives his ninth degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do In public the Australian government is on the side of consumers. Yet behind closed doors it is siding with the US government to block them turn after turn. A 16 year old palestinian stabs an Israeli soldier to death in a bus stop in Israel Quebec's controversial Bill 60 would ban public servants from wearing religious symbols, such as headscarves, yarmulkes or crucifixes. China, Russia, Cuba, Saudi Arabia win UN human rights council seats Afghanistan opium harvest hits record high The European Court of Human Rights has ordered Turkey to pay 2.3 million euros to victims of the bombing of two Kurdish villages in 1994.  Turkey was found guilty of the attack, having blamed it on Kurdish separatists. China to spend only $100K on Philippines relief It was impossible to separate China's anger over territorial claims from the question of disaster relief. EU citizenship for sale Maltas parliament approved a controversial bill allowing people to buy Maltese citizenship, including a Maltese passport and access to the EUs Schengen Area, for 650,000 16YearOld Palestinian Stabs to Death Israeli Soldier Sleeping on Bus Philippine president urges countries to have moral responsibility to end climate change An eightyearold girl in China is the youngest living person to be diagnosed with lung cancer attributed to pollution. I am a decent person. But if you have not eaten in 3 days, you do shameful things to survive Tormented typhoon victims scour for food. Member of U.S. Army National Guard's Tactical Human Intelligence Team commits suicide; his suicide note says he was forced to commit war crimes, crimes against humanity in Iraq Spain toughens up new 'sun tax' law. Homes can now be searched for illegal solar panels without warrant and offenders fined up to 60million ($80 million). Mathematicallyimprobable voting pattern proves fraud in Philippine polls Snowden asks Germany to support him against US 'persecution' Norway to introduce new regulations on circumcision. Ban on under 18 circumcision a possibility. To ride the Moscow subway for free, do 30 squats South Korea has five times as many credit cards as people and more debt per capita than any other nation on earth The Lies Shell is Telling About Oil Spills in the Niger Delta Neuchatel is the first canton in Switzerland to set a minimum wage  more than $21 an hour, virtually three times the US federal minimum  but hardly anyone will be affected because 97% of the canton's residents are already earning more than that. Renault Introduces DRM For Cars 'When you buy a Renault Zoe, the battery isn't included. Instead, you sign a rental contract for the battery with the car maker... the contract contains a clause giving Renault the right to prevent your battery from charging at the end of the rental period.' $4.1M goes missing as Chinese bitcoin trading platform GBL vanishes. International Space Station Infected With USB Stick Malware Carried on Board by Russian Astronauts Theresa May, Britain's Home Secretary plans new powers to make British terror suspects stateless  Home secretary working on legislation allowing removal of UK passport from suspects even if they have no other citizenship Ukraine's Genocide by Famine  Eighty years later, there's no denying the Soviet atrocity. In Afghanistan, interpreters who helped U.S. in war denied visas; U.S. says they face no threat Hundreds of Buddhists are marching through the streets of Burma's biggest city to protest against an upcoming visit by a highlevel delegation from the world's biggest Islamic political bloc. Russia can seize assets of President Vladimir Putin's most prominent critic, a Moscow court ruled on Tuesday, in connection with embezzlement charges that the activist says is an attempt by the authorities to intimidate opponents. Want to Have a Happy Planet? Just Ask Costa Ricans About Their Banks US Sec State John Kerry Iran talks came 'extremely close' to deal. We haven't been speaking for 35 years... we just talked more in 30 hours than we have in those prior 30 years. NSA's Vast Surveillance Powers Extend Far Beyond Counterterrorism, Despite Misleading US Government Claims the truth is that counterterrorism is only a fraction of their far broader authority to seek foreign intelligence information Why creating memes is illegal in Australia Australian sees evidence of Telstra/NSA hacking on his phone  a year before the Snowden leaks (XPost r/australia) U.S. Marines Bringing Typhoon Aid to Philippine Shores Hundreds turn out for funeral of WWII veteran held on Remembrance Day following successful online campaign as the man had no family. Iran's deputy minister assassinated Wealth of worlds billionaires doubles since 2009 Sweden to close prisons due to lack of criminals [google translate] A sickening video of a man in Lebanon microwaving a cat has sparked outrage and calls for stricter animal cruelty laws in the region. Zoologists hunting Tasmanian tiger declare 'no doubt' species still alive  Team claims that it has 'highly credible' witnesses & has found animal faeces that could belong to the extinct thylacine, last known one dying in a zoo in 1936. 'Worse than hell' in typhoonravaged Philippines (PHOTOS) John McCain says NSA chief Keith Alexander 'should resign or be fired'. Senator gives interview to Der Spiegel, saying general should 'be held accountable' for Edward Snowden leaks. 'Israel will attack Iran if you sign the deal, French MP told Fabius' How the NSA and GCHQ Spied on OPEC America's NSA and Britain's GCHQ are both spying on the OPEC oil cartel, documents from whistleblower Edward Snowden reveal. The security of the global energy supply is one of the most important issues for the intelligence agencies. Israel OKs demolishing Bedouin village, replacing it with a Jewish town Sir John Major attacks 'truly shocking' privilege of privately educated elite Greece intercepts mystery ship with 20,000 Kalashnikovs onboard North Korea holds simultaneous executions of 80 in seven cities. Copyright Extension Goes Into Effect In The UK More Works Stolen From The Public Domain Mass Surveillance Violates EU Law Vatican gives $150,000 in emergency aid to Philippines Sounds like a good plan UK legalaid Lawyers to earn higher fees for early guilty pleas Moscow Protester nails testicles to Red Square cobblestone Thousands of workers demanding higher pay hurled rocks and sticks at clothing factories and clashed with police who used tear gas against them Monday, bringing fresh scrutiny to working conditions in Bangladesh's garment industry. At least 30 people were reported wounded Tensions between Shia and Sunnis Muslims are probably the most serious threat to world security, Iran's Foreign Minister Mohamed Zarif tells the BBC Irans signs agreement with IAEA to allow broader inspections of nuclear sites Iran signed an agreement on Monday with the United Nations nuclear watchdog agency in which it pledged to allow greater access to some of its nuclear sites, U.N. and Iranian officials said. UK spies continue quantum insert attack via LinkedIn, Slashdot pages Peru Uses Climate Twist to Lure Tourists to Shrinking Glacier  It was so bright with ice & snow that sunglasses were mandatory. In less than 20 yrs, it's shrunk in 1/2, climbing banned. It's being rebranded as a place to see climate change in action. North Korea publicly executes 80 people earlier this month, many for watching smuggled South Korean TV shows, a South Korean newspaper reported Monday Philippines estimates at least 10,000 died from super typhoon Traffic lights utilizing 'game theory' successfully reduce gridlock in downtown Toronto by up to 40%. [Expost r/ainbow] First Lady Of Zambia Stuns The Continent By Calling For An End To Homophobia Homosexuality is illegal in 41 out of 53 Commonwealth countries NSA leaks on Canadian surveillance coming, Greenwald says Swedish Security Service (SPO) wants to intercept all mobile traffic without any search warrant at any time Switzerland Mulls Giving Every Citizen $33,000 a year At least 30 journalists currently are reported missing while covering Syria's civil war. The widespread abduction of journalists is unprecedented. Many have gone unreported in hope that keeping the kidnappings out of public view may help to negotiate the captives' release. Polish Church Officials Child Sex Abuse Victims were Looking for Love and Fulfillment, Made Conscious Decision to Have Sex with Priests Spanish police arrest 25, free 5 women, while uncovering Nigerian sex slave ring MafiaLeaks promises whistleblowers safety from the Family. A group of Italian volunteers have launched a site to encourage victims of the mafia, as well as whistleblowers within the organisations, to come forward with incriminating information. 1st Line of Beowulf Misunderstood for 200 Yrs  University of Manchester lecturer discovers famous line of English languages oldest epic poem misinterpreted. The true meaning now has a biographical feel, giving us a sense of how the writer attaches importance to his communitys history. Nonprofit wins $300,000 Google prize to make India's first opendefecation free city The world is spending half a trillion dollars on fossil fuel subsidies every year, according to a new report by the Overseas Development Institute  seven times more supporting coal, oil and gas than on helping poorer nations fight climate change Veteran reporter Paul Mooney wont receive China visa renewal after covering Beijing for 18 years. Government withholding visas as leverage against negative western coverage. AlQaeda in Syria raids wedding party, warns against music and singing Venezuelan military seizes major retail chain Earthquake in Tokyo Google engineers offer the NSA 'a giant F*** You' Iranians angry and bewildered after French torpedo Geneva nuclear entente  France should replace US as le grand satan, joke some inside Iran after Paris defies Washington and blocks stopgap deal Students Detained For Protesting Turkish PM Erdogan Ships Washed Ashore by Typhoon Haiyan in Philippines U.S. aid on the way to devastated areas of Philippines Arctic 30 protester My little girl will have forgotten who I am if I get out of here in seven years the plight of the Arctic 30 in their eighth week of imprisonment in Russia Dropping the bomb Saudi Arabia invested in Pakistan's nuclear weapons program TV presenter Melissa Bachman causes outrage after posing with lion she killed in South Africa Mayor Rob Ford gave every member of his staff a $5,000 raise on Friday UN envoy 'shocked' by UK's 'unacceptable' persecution of The Guardian over Snowden leaks BBC News  The damage to China's international reputation is significant It's very hard to call for deAmericanisation and then leave your wallet at home when there's a human disaster the scale of the typhoon in the Philippines. NSA Asked Linus Torvalds To Install Backdoors Into GNU/Linux Months of Occupations Pay Off Bangladeshi Garment Workers Win a 77% Pay Raise David Cameron Calls For Capitalism Lessons In Schools To Celebrate Profits In The Classroom The PM [Prime Minister] said he wanted a 'fundamental change' in attitudes to money making and called for a culture 'that values that typically British, entrepreneurial, buccaneering spirit' British Paratroopers Will Help Train Kenyan Rangers To Fight Off Illegal Elephant Poachers No tyranny lasts forever, Mongolian president said in N. Korea Mafia Accused of Causing Deaths Tens of Thousands Protest in Naples Against Mafia's Toxic Waste Dumping  Demonstrators carried photos of relatives they say died of cancer as a result of the pollution. Some 10 million tons of industrial waste dumped in area over 20 yrs. Slammed for being stingy, China boosts aid to Philippines Huge Climate Rallies Held Across Australia  Labor & Greens join firefighters & activists in protests against Coalition plan to repeal carbon tax. In Australia, there's an atmosphere of denialism & scepticism. So many in our media & so many of our politicians deny the science is settled. UK prime minister rejects call from public health expert to lower age of sexual consent to 15. Mavis Batey, Bletchley Park code breaker in World War II, dies at 92 I will not give anything back  Reclusive son of Nazi art dealer wants to keep looted paintings found hidden in his flat UK expert calls for lowering of the age of sexual consent to 15 Scientists Find World's Most Irreplaceable Protected Places for Threatened Species  Colombias 'Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta National Park' tops list. Biggest threat is deforestation. Indigenous communities have helped to preserve it, but they're threatened by disease, poverty & armed conflict. Report Mossad working with Saudis on contingency plans for potential attack on Iran CIA, Pentagon trying to hinder construction of GLONASS stations in US Bloomberg News Fires Reporter Suspected of Leaking Its SelfCensorship on China Huge storm rages over Finland  200,000 households without power US soldier charged with murdering Iraqis NASAThe robotic explorer called Maven is due to blast off Monday on a 10month journey to the red planet. There, it will orbit Mars and study the atmosphere to try to understand how the planet morphed from warm and wet to cold and dry. 'Royal Concierge' GCHQ Monitors Hotel Reservations To Track Diplomats  Britain's GCHQ intelligence service monitors diplomats' travels using a sophisticated automated system that tracks hotel bookings. Once a room has been identified, it opens the door to a variety of spying options. Ireland to exit Europe's emergency room Vietnamese banker sentenced to death for fraud LulzSec hacker Jeremy Hammond sentenced to 10 years in jail for leaking Stratfor emails Indian politician warns tribal voters that they will get an electric shock from the voting machine if they press any button other than the one for his party India buys third aircraft carrier amid rivalry with China. Refurbished Sovietera vessel purchased for 1.4bn as India modernizes military to counterbalance Chinese expansion. UK's reputation is damaged by reaction to Edward Snowden, says UN official Part of Nazca Lines Destroyed by Machinery Near Ica, Peru  'Invaders have taken over 2 big tracts of protected land. Several groups of lines & trapezoid shapes have been destroyed. Occupiers have built a stone fence & divided the territory into lots, as well as vandalized it. Germany Says No To Weaponized Drones Saudi diplomat made two women work like slaves in London home. Between 2,000 and 4,000 freight trucks have closed off major French highways and slowed traffic to a crawl on nine roadways to protest a proposed environmental tax on heavy loads. Wikileaks releases all the Stratfor files following Hammond's sentencing 34 Dead, 300 Wounded in Tripoli attack by militia on peaceful Protesters Rare albino kangaroo sighted in Australia Fighters from an alQaidalinked Syrian rebel group beheaded an allied commander whom they mistook for a progovernment fighter Christians 'face extinction' amid sectarian terror; There are parts of the world today where to be a Christian is to put your life in danger. JPMorgan's rogue trader refuses extradition to US where he faces criminal charges for $6.2 billion 'London Whale' fraud scandal. Forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Assad have firmly seized the momentum in the country's civil war in recent weeks, capturing one rebel stronghold after another and triumphantly planting the twostarred Syrian government flag amid shattered buildings and rubblestrewn streets Afghanistan The rise of a narco state. 2013 has been an alltime record year for Afghan poppy farmers, according to a new report by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC). 'Muslim Brotherhood' protesters storm London university lecture on Egypt MalaysiaMuslim group Jati has declared war against NGos for its alleged attempts to turn Malaysia into a liberal country in the name of human rights. And their most rude demand is to call for the repeal of the Syariah law China Reforms OneChild Policy, First Time in 30 Years Four suspected Syria jihadists arrested in France Hammond FBI directed my attacks on foreign government sites. Anonymous hacktivist told court FBI informant and fellow hacker Sabu supplied him with list of countries vulnerable to cyberattack. IAEA Iran has halted most nuclear expansion Venezuelas legislature has voted to back President Nicolas Maduro's bid to rule by decree, a measure which would give him expanded powers over the economy Lastline antibiotics losing ability to kill superbugs 'What's it like working with Mexican drug cartels?' Banking giant JPMorgan cancels Twitter Q&A after thousands of abusive tweets The world's oceans are becoming acidic at an unprecedented rate and may be souring more rapidly than at any time in the past 300 million years China's aid to Philippines dwarfed by Ikea  China is the world's second largest economy and closer to the Philippines than other major donors. Yet the $1.6 million in aid it pledged was less than the check written by Swedish furniture store Ikea. NSA files New York Times defends the Guardian's Snowden leaks. Councils in Britain to be given powers to ban peaceful protests that might disturb local residents  Anger mounts at shockingly openended Antisocial Behaviour, Crime and Policing Bill that could also see youngsters banned from skateboarding, forbid teenagers from using local parks Embarrassment after embarrassment for Australia at Warsaw climate change meeting The Central Intelligence Agency is secretly collecting bulk records of international money transfers handled by companies like Western Union  including transactions into and out of the United States AlQaedalinked rebels apologise after cutting off head of wrong person The Most Nefarious Part Of The TPP Proposal Making Copyright Reform Impossible JPMorgan allegedly paid $80,000 a month to Wen Jiabao's daughter Bangladeshi Garment Workers win a 77% pay rise following a four day shutdown of hundreds of factories and a series of violent confrontations involving tens of thousands. Forest change mapped by Google Earth  From 2010 to 2012, the Earth lost a combined forest the size of Mongolia, enough trees to cover the UK six times. China plans to loosen onechild policy and abolish labour camps. A French footballer has been held against his will in Qatar for two years due to controversial labour laws  he has now written to former World Cup 2022 ambassadors Zinedine Zidane and Pep Guardiola to ask for their help Mexicos meth country is totally tweaking out. In Michoacans meth heartland, a drug gang has gone medieval, militias are up in arms, and the government has put boots on the ground. Oslo Hells Angels invite locals into clubhouse for mulled wine and ginger biscuits. You will have the opportunity to look around, and since it's Christmas, we will probably serve mulled wine and ginger biscuits too, says Rune Olsgaard, the group's spokesman Germany flies 70 tonnes of aid to Philippines NY Court Rules Ancient Gold Tablet Belongs to Berlin, not Holocaust Survivors Heirs  Assyrian tablet found in Iraq by German archaeologists went on display in 1934 & disappeared at start of WWII. Holocaust survivor says he traded cigarettes for it with a Russian soldier. A Pacifist at War In the embattled region of eastern Congo, the United Nations is deploying a real combat brigade for the first time. It's being led by a German pacifist who believes peacekeeping sometimes requires the use of military force. His approach appears to be working Fukushima 8 news cases of children with thyroid cancer in last two months. Now 59 cases. Schools using Water Bottles to Shield Students A Green Pope? Pope to write encyclical (doctrinal statement) about nature, humans and environmental pollution, appears in photo holding item with antifracking statement A BBC investigation has revealed concerns that young girls are being brought to Scotland to undergo female genital mutilation (FGM) because the country is seen as a soft touch. CIA spills Camp David secrets on 1978 EgyptianIsraeli agreement  Declassified documents reveal how US intelligence helped Jimmy Carter strike a Middle Eastern bargain First ever American ballerina to join the Bolshoi has quit, accusing the theater of extortion Germany Ally and Accomplice in U.S. Secret War on Terror Indian train strikes herd of 40 elephants crossing tracks  7, including 2 calves, killed, 10 others seriously injured & death toll expected to rise in worst such crash in recent memory. Railways have ignored requests to reduce train speeds inside the famed elephant corridor. UK Government caught deleting archive of past speeches from internet 341 people arrested, 386 children rescued in massive antipaedophile ring operation (bbcnews) We categorically reject illegal killings by drones  Germany gives up on armed drones Jailed Pussy Riot singer 'found in hospital' US blocks publication of Chilcots report on how Britain went to war with Iraq World's oldest creature was 507...but scientists killed it TransPacific Partnership Leak Confirms the Worst An antiuser wishlist of industryfriendly policies Denmark surpasses 100 percent wind power Police tried to spy on Cambridge students, secret footage shows Officer is filmed attempting to persuade activist in his 20s to become informant targeting 'studentunion type stuff' JPMorgan cancels Twitter Q&A after tirade of abuse Pope Francis his life is in danger from 'ndrangheta, warns antimafia judge. Crackdown on financial corruption in Vatican has angered brutal crime syndicate, says Nicola Gratteri. Singles Day in China, when billions are spent online and millions look for a mate. Secret Trade Pact Will Spread U.S. Copyright Rules Abroad Mafia are considering assassinating the Pope in response to his anticorruption sermons, warns leading Italian prosecutor TPP IP Chapter Leaked, Confirming It's Worse Than ACTA New life found in Nasa's spacecraft clean rooms Unreached typhoon victims create huge SOS for help Asia is in the grip of a diabetes epidemic Napoleon Death Mask Blocked from Export  It was sold for 175,000 to an overseas buyer earlier this year by a descendant of the brother of its original owner. It has a power & immediacy that raises the hairs on the back of the neck. NZ lawyer gives advice to rape victim, says you should have closed your legs Rob Ford admits to buying illegal drugs as mayor, threatens city councillor during ugly debate on his future WikiLeaks publishes secret draft of TransPacific Partnership treaty Sweden's Ice Hotel told to get fire alarms TPP Uncovered WikiLeaks releases draft of highlysecretive multinational trade deal Amsterdam pays alcoholics in beer to clean streets. The imaginative approach to the problem of antisocial behaviour demonstrates typical Dutch pragmatism which could be found shocking in other countries, but not here. NSA recorded more than 30 million phone calls made in its Nato ally Norway, in the latest Snowden revelations. It is unacceptable, says Norway's Justice Minister. A crime under Norwegian law, says head of telecoms regulator. Insulting a police officer in Spain could result in a30,000 ($40,500) fine while protesting outside Parliament could mean a 600,000 penalty if tough new security laws get passed today. Embarrassed husbands will have to discuss plans to watch online porn with their wives, says David Cameron 'Syria is not a revolution any more  this is civil war' Mayor Rob Ford stripped of Toronto powers after heated council vote Norway NSA surveillance We did this, say Norwegian intelligence services. Information was gathered legally by Norwegian intelligence and voluntarily shared with partners, among others the NSA Private firms selling mass surveillance systems around world, documents show Corrupt Bank Officials Get Death Sentence in Vietnam Germany has turned into a giant brothel and even a destination for European sex tourism. The best guess is that Germany has about 400,000 prostitutes catering to 1M men a day. Australia worst carbon emitter per capita among major western nations  Country has failed to consistently decrease its emissions, faring poorly in a global climate report Corrupt Bank Officials Get Death Sentence in Vietnam NSA surveillance hinders Iceland's attempts to be a haven for free speech 'It is obvious that it doesnt matter if we have the best source protection laws in the world,' says Icelandic MP The Accidental Vagina Design for Qatar's first 2022 World Cup stadium released Russian Skinheads Abuse Gays and Post Videos to Social Networks Surveillance technology out of control, says Lord Ashdown | World news Blood Avocados The Dark Side of Your Guacamole  Mexican Drug Cartel The Knights Templar Has Taken Control Of The Industry In Mexico Seven people reported killed in explosion near Iranian embassy in Beirut Sisters in Nova Scotia are asking the Government to ban internet porn in Canada to protect children. A nightclub in one of Switzerland's biggest cities has banned hip hop after 70 riot police were called to quell a brawl amongst devotees of the music form In Germany, legacy of Stasi puts different perspective on NSA spying Venezuelan army occupies white goods shops as punishment for 'profiteering' Monty Python reunion planned for new stage show Hong Kong Is Sitting On 30 Tons Of Ivory and Has No Plans to Destroy It. While other countries have destroyed confiscated tusks, Hong Kong stockpiles an ivory mountain. Conservationists say it must be incinerated to send the right message. Massive explosion hits southern Beirut, Lebanon; possible target Iranian embassy Rape porn possession to be punished by three years in jail, David Cameron to announce BBC News  Huge bomb hits Syria government site Boris Johnson says superrich are putupon minority like homeless people and Irish travellers. Mayor says wealthiest should get automatic knighthoods and our humble thanks, in comments deemed deeply offensive by London Assembly's Labour group. A Boeing 737 has crashed landed in the Russian city of Kazan, killing all 44 passengers on board. Volcanic activity detected under Antarctica Ireland becomes first euro country to quit bailout programme We owe it to Snowden to not forget him while he is in Moscow when he has dedicated himself to exposing truth,  German university seeks honorary doctorate, also given to Einstein, for Snowden. Snowden cache reveals diplomats' hotel bookings being tracked by GCHQ An unprecedented public appearance by UK spy chiefs has been labelled a total pantomime after it emerged that they were told of questions in advance. Threat from NSA leaks may have been overstated by UK, says Lord Falconer  Exlord chancellor defends Guardian reporting of Snowden files and says he's sceptical of warnings from spy agency chiefs Docs Reveal CIAGuadalajara Cartel Link, Not Conspiracy Qatar 2022 World Cup workers 'treated like cattle', Amnesty report finds. Fresh fears raised about exploitation after Fifa president declares country 'on right track' over migrant labourers' rights. Uruguays First Lady and Senator Affirms Drug War Is Lost Australian Prime Minister lines up with Canada to Oppose Climate Change Fund for poor nations at Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting NigeriaMuslim Rebel group Boko Haram seizing slave 'brides' in Nigeria. I can't sleep when I think of being there... If I cried, they beat me. If I spoke, they beat me.  44 feared dead as passenger jet crashes in central Russia Australia's worst pedophile Catholic priests, Gerald Ridsdale, 79, pleaded guilty to 30 new child sexual assault charges. Previously convicted of 31 cases from 1961  1988. Magistrate Ian Alger struck out another 54 charges. Indonesia recalls its ambassador to Australia after spying leak Amnesty report on Qatar exposes 'grim' abuse of migrant workers Rob Ford tells Fox he wants to be prime minister In light of the Chess World Championship match between Norwegian Magnus Carlsen and Indian Viswanathan Anand, a Norwegian newspaper is organizing a online chess game Norway vs. the world. Anyone can open the page and vote for the next move. IP address determine which team you play for Vigilantes seize town in western Mexico Champion free diver Nicholas Mevoli dies trying for new record City of Vancouver bans doorknobs Australia spied on Indonesian president, leaked Snowden documents reveal Australian girl gets court to place her on airport watch list to stop her parents from forcing her into an arranged marriage in Lebanon. Mexico City considers fixedterm marriage licences
Politicians propose bill to help newlyweds avoid pain of divorce with marriage contracts of minimum of two years Filipina maid wins landmark Hong Kong case  High Court ruling could could lead to more than 100,000 foreign maids winning right to residency.  Islamist cleric Anwar alAwlaki 'killed in Yemen' Russian President Dmitry Medvedev says he decided not to run for a second term because Vladimir Putin is both more popular and more authoritative. Another billionaire stands up to the Kremlin In Moscow, NY Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov spoke truth to power and promised bold change. It didnt go well. UK cod collapse due to overfishing & politics  

Criticism follows EU's recommendation to stop cod 
fishing in Irish Sea & off west Scotland Spain Nationalizes 3 Banks After Cash Injections Anwar alAwlaki, , AmericanBorn Al Qaeda Leader, Is Killed in Yemen S. Korea's education obsession The mission is as simple as it is counterintuitive to find children who are studying after 10 p.m. And stop them. Top French cop arrested on drug trafficking claims A Taiwan military tribunal confirmed that Air Force private Chiang Kuoching had been wrongfully executed in August 1997 for the rape and murder of a fiveyearold girl! Error & Trial Are 6 Italian Scientists Facing Manslaughter Charges &  Prison  for Failing to Predict an Earthquake, or Failing to Clearly Communicate Their Findings?   Their Hearing Resumes This Weekend  Explosions Rock Royal Dutch Shells Singapore Refinery   Worst fire there in 23 years shuts down Shell's biggest refinery   UK Ministers are preparing for a massive expansion in electronic tagging of offenders, with private security companies being invited to bid for more than 1bn worth of contracts  India's workaholic Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has not taken a holiday since he took the top job in 2004
 BBC News  Drug bust at Boeing defence plant in Pennsylvania Serbia bans gay parade, all gatherings  BBC News  Banned activist Raed Salah wins UK unlawful detention case China manufacturing eases for 3rd month, prices up Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh has said he will not stand down as promised if his opponents are allowed to stand in elections to succeed him.  Undercover Al Jazeera reporter in Bahrain  48 hours in Sanabis AlQaeda cleric Awlaki killed in Yemen  Government officials say USborn religious scholar with links to alQaeda was targeted in alJawf province air strike.  Dalai Lama Man of Many Faces Exile, Spiritual Leader, Politician [Pics] Iran Announces It Is Sending Its Navy To Patrol Waters Near The U.S. Incoming Dutch government ditches 'weed pass' plan that would have been available only to residents and that would have effectively banned tourists from Amsterdam's marijuana cafes The scale of unpaid tax now outstrips the national deficit. Forcing the elite to pay up is now a matter of justice and necessity. German Politicians Demand to See Gold in US Federal Reserve  SPIEGEL ONLINE China's 1% members of China's National Peoples Congress are worth a combined total of $89.8 billion; in contrast, the net worth of the top 660 U.S. officials is only $7.5 billion. Celebratory gunfire at Saudi wedding cuts cable, 23 electrocuted. Celebratory gunfire at a wedding party in eastern Saudi Arabia on Tuesday night brought down an electric cable, killing 23 people, a local civil defense official said. 30 others were injured Mayans Pissed Off Over Doomsday 'Deceit' Greek police beat Korean tourist, stonewall investigation. Panasonic, currently Japan's thirdlargest employer, announced they will lose $9.6 billion this year.  That's after already laying off almost 39,000 people. 
Blow to ProDemocracy Movement as Bahrain Bans Public Dissent Government and Shia Muslim majority continue to clash NonMuslims have 'sex like donkeys' and deserve to be blownup, said 'terror plot' leader  Telegraph Bahrain bans all opposition rallies Chinese Think Tank Urges End To 'OneChild' Policy  Bahrain regime pays a PR company in DC and CNN to censor stories uncovering human rights violations Head of Russia's Election Commission, known as the magician, criticizes U.S. election process.  SA census shows big racial divide The income of white South African households is six times higher than that of black households, 18 years after the end of apartheid Celebratory gunfire leaves 23 dead at Saudi wedding  RT News Afghanistan to hold presidential election in April 2014 Christian persecution throughout the world ignored   Telegraph 165 killed a day in Syria  watchdog Somali comedian who poked fun at Islamists shot dead EU will lose Turkey if it hasn't joined by 2023  Erdogan. Turkey's bid to join the EU, officially launched in 2005, has virtually ground to a halt in recent years due to opposition from core EU members and the failure to find a solution to the dispute over the divided island of Cyprus. Russian Ship Carrying 700 Tons Of Gold Ore Missing 25% and Rising Unemployment in Spain and Greece Is Still Spiralling Iran pulls back from nuclear bomb goal Israeli defense minister
| Reuters Schools closed, thousands move to higher ground as 90 kph (55 mph) cyclone roars toward southern India