 Secular triumph as British government bans creationism from free schools and academies Baghdad has formally called on the United States to launch air strikes against jihadist militants Japan makes possession of child pornography a punishable offense ISIS begins assault on Baghdad Gunmen attack North of Iraqi Capital NHS 'world's best healthcare system'; healthcare provision in US the worst. Saudis give apparent warning to Iran don't meddle in Iraq World Cup Produces Arrest of Mexican Drug Lord Going to Game Kim Jongun's latest propaganda video reveals Russian cruise missile, potentially in violation of sanctions 20,000 Elephants Were Poached in Africa in 2013 New NSA Revelations Inside Snowden's Germany File. An analysis of secret documents leaked by Edward Snowden demonstrates that the NSA is more active in Germany than anywhere else in Europe  and that data collected here may have helped kill suspected terrorists. Hundreds of teenage boys suffered brutal physical and sexual abuse at an Australian naval base Scientists Baffled After Discovering Mysterious Man Hidden Beneath Picasso Masterpiece World peace declining after long postWWII improvement Study. World peace has deteriorated steadily over the last seven years, with wars, militant attacks and crime reversing six earlier decades of gradual improvement, a global security report said on Wednesday. Australia buys up, enters Asian arms race Australia is now the seventhlargest importer of major arms in the world and the biggest customer of the largest weapons producer, the US Largest Active Volcano on Earth Rumbles Back to Life  The world's biggest active volcano, Hawaii's towering Mauna Loa, may be rumbling back to life, according to the Hawaii Volcano Observatory. US may blacklist Thailand after prawn (shrimp) trade slavery revelations Several people feared dead after explosion hits World Cup viewing center in northeast Nigeria YouTube to block Indie music as a music subscription service is launched German security firm finds spyware on Chinesemade smartphone Despite Protests, Canada Approves Northern Gateway Oil Pipeline  It'll run from the Alberta oil sands to British Columbia coast. Opponents in British Columbia, who span the political spectrum, threaten to block it altogether, fearing it'll make the province vulnerable to an oil spill. Earth has its Warmest May on Record Globally, Spring could be Warmest Youtube to start blocking indie artists &labels that don't sign up for their new paid service A boat carrying 97 people from Indonesia sank off the western coast of Malaysia and 61 of the passengers are still missing, the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency said China is building artificial islands in the South China Sea that it claims as its own. China can use the islands to claim the 200 miles around them as its Exclusive Economic Zone; the islands may also be used for Chinese military activities, alarming Vietnam, the Philippines, and other countries. Iraq crisis Isis seizes Baiji oil refinery  live updates Fiji accuses global community of abandoning the Pacific on climate change, singles out 'selfish' Australia  accused the global community of abandoning Pacific island nations to sink below the waves instead of tackling climate change. China has handed down lengthy jail terms to three anticorruption activists who had called for officials to disclose their personal wealth Australian High Court finds $245.3m federal funding of chaplaincy program unconstitutional. Petraeus U.S. Must Not Become the Shia Militia's Air Force WikiLeaks publishes secret Trade in Services Agreement (TISA)  Financial Services, covering 50 countries Australia has dropped a plan to place its first nuclear waste dump on Aborigine land, after a longrunning legal case ended Canada's Indigenous We are the wall that the pipeline cannot pass  Aboriginal groups plan lawsuits & direct actions to stop Northern Gateway pipeline. First Nation says approval violates constitutional rights since govt didn't consult them when their lands & resources are impacted. Injured man trapped in German cave rescued after 12 days Mountain to be Blasted Today for Telescope  The top of a mountain in Chile will be blown up make way for the worlds largest optical & infrared telescope. Once the mountain is leveled, construction of the EELT will begin. It's expected to take less than 10 yrs. Poverty hits twice as many British households as 30 years ago | The UK economy has doubled in size since the early 1980s  yet the number of those suffering belowminimum living standards has grown by more than twice, a study claims. Polish authorities search premises of weekly that revealed tape scandal Iraq crisis Britain and US must not meddle in Iraq, warns Saudi Arabia Indian Officals Order CocaCola Plant to Close for Using too Much Water  Mehdiganj plant at centre of protests accused of extracting too much groundwater & releasing pollutants above limits. India is one of Coke's fastestgrowing markets thanks to an expanding middle class. Doctors Without Borders Clinic In Tikrit Shelled By ISIS Militants Google will be forced to make a company disappear Inspired by the right to be forgotten, a Canadian court has ordered Google to delete links to a company How Corrupt Is the U.S.? Just Watch House of Cards, China Party Arm Says Kenya alShabaab attack 'was led by white man speaking fluent British English' Japan failed to include 640 kg of unused plutonium in its annual reports to the International Atomic Energy Agency in 2012 and 2013, in what experts are terming an inappropriate omission. U.K. Approves Plans For What Could Become The Worlds Largest Offshore Wind Farm Increasing numbers of French Jews are leaving for Israel, citing dim economic prospects and a sense of being caught between an increasingly influential far right and militant Islam. More than 5,000 are on track to leave this year, the most since after the SixDay War in 1967 Fukushima ice wall looking more like a dirt Slurpee  Failure of a smallscale version to freeze is latest setback in addressing ongoing crisis Senior MP calls for Tony Blair to be impeached over Iraq Luxembourg approves samesex marriage bill. Felipe VI has been proclaimed King of Spain US rules out military action until PM Nouri alMaliki stands down Food imports ban backfires on Russias economy | An embargo on food imports from the West has sent grocery prices in Russia soaring and greatly worsened inflation. The move is seen as a severe blow to the country's stagnating economy. ISIS gangraping and selling off Yazidi women inside Iraqi prison. Nigerian diplomat who fled Ebola quarantine and spread the disease to the South East of the country may face Manslaughter charges. Ukraine and Russia 'very close' to war Polish president warns Germany of Putin's 'empire' ambitions Syrian crisis is biggest humanitarian emergency of our era  nearly 50% of all Syrians have been forced to flee their homes Finland plans largescale military exercise on Russian border President Putin urges talks on status of east Ukraine, says impossible to predict end of crisis  Russian media UK considers ban on Britishborn jihadists in Iraq and Syria returning home The North Korean authorities have declared the U.S as the chief culprit of counterfeit notes printing and circulation and the most hideous criminal state regarding the manufacturing of high quality counterfeit United States one hundreddollar bills, known as supernotes. Iceland issues red alert after new eruption near volcano Fatah blasts Hamas for stealing humanitarian aid during Gaza operation UK criticizes arms exports to Russia, then confirms its own Russia demands MH17 black box data release Israel appropriates 4,000 dunams of West Bank land British Muslim leaders issue antiISIS fatwa  forbids joining heretical, extremist organisation Russian politician beaten after report on soldier burials Iraq breaks Islamic State siege of Amerli Fighter's in Amerli vow to kill their wives and children if the city falls to IS Canadian troops off to Europe as part of NATO plan to rein in Putins ambitions Putin wants statehood for eastern Ukraine Beijing Rules Out Open Elections in Hong Kong U.S. begins airdrops to town ringed by ISIS to protect an ethnic minority that one official says faces the threat of an imminent massacre Russian rouble falls to new low on sanctions threat Ukrainian forces in port city of Mariupol prepare for 'Russianled' assault b'How to buy a child in 10 hours' b'Ahmadinejad rules out war against the U.S. or Israel ' b'Better bring a book To save fuel, US Airways will remove movie systems from domestic flights' b'Mexican cops tape torture training' Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Thursday brushed off evidence that U.S. interrogators had abused a Canadian terrorism suspect in Guantanamo Bay, saying the man's trial should go ahead anyway. b'Nazi hunters may have found their most wanted fugitive in Chile' b'Mother prevented from taking own son to school because of criminal record checks' b'Japanese Zero Emissions Home' b'Mexican comicbook character called racist' Russians say no to 'colanization' b'US may have sold mass surveillance gear to Chavez' b'World leaders avoid setting greenhouse target' Earthquake Destroyed China's Largest Military Armory and nuclear facilities including several nuclear warheads.  A nuclear explosion might have occurred at the epicenter.  b'Goodbye from the world's biggest polluter  George Bush at the latest G8 summit' b'45Year Old Man Dies From Working Too Hard' b'Israeli troops kill Gaza man in first truce fatality' b'Ecuador government siezes TV stations and nearly 200 other businesses' b'Hamas Places Rocket Squad Under Arrest' b'The only sex shop in Martinez has closed' b'River use banned after French uranium leak' b'Enough Sabre Rattling in the Middle East, Please' b'Now we got fucking IRAMs (sorta like FIEDs)' b'Iran claims it was threatened, tests missiles' Forgiveness hard to find for some after peer's inadvertent 'nigger in the woodpile' remark  b'Taiwan Declares Peace on China' b'A US air strike in Afghanistan on Sunday killed 47 civilians, 39 of them women and children' b'Fascism [PIC]' b'Swiss pot legalization referendum ' b'UK voters send a stunning message to the government as Davis is elected with 72% of the vote' b'Israel denies water to Palestinians in the West Bank' b'The RussianIsraeli Mafia Offlimits to FBI, US intelligence' b'Argentina Will Produce Massive Wind Power Turbines' b'Iran no better than the US, it turns out' b'In Soviet Russia, Jokes Destroy Communism!'  Weak US dollar hits papal profits [How naive of me, I didn't even realise the Vatican was suppose to make profits] How Russia's babyboosting policies are hurting the population. b'For the record, I'm Muslim. Trust me, we don't have an issue with puppies.' Abu Dhabi buys 90% of New York City's Chrysler Building  b'UN sanctions resolution on Zimbabwe fails in security council' b'Companies that gain from the India  US Nuke Deal' b'Beijing takes dog off the menu for Olympics' Giuliani Obama's Support Of Bilingualism is AntiAmerican b'9 British soliders wounded by friendly fire.  With friends like that...' b'Russians are house shopping and buying in costly U.S. cities' b'ICC Seeks to Charge Leader of Sudan With Charges of Genocide' b'The US has sanctions against Iran. Exports to Iran have almost increased tenfold since Bush came to power. Are they trying to get the best of both worlds?' b'Andrew Bolt asks Age art critic Robert Nelson seven questions about his decision to let Art Monthly Australia publish photographs of his naked daughter, then aged no more than six. ' b'6,700 Tons of Radioactive Debris Shipped From Kuwait to Idaho ' b'Zimbabwe sanctions vetoed at UN' b'Dungeon dad hates being cooped up (2 Words Come to Mind Boo + Hoo)' b'Tony Snow is Dead' b'Not Only Were Iran Missiles Photoshopped ... They Were OLD ' b'Israeli warplanes have been flying over Iraq and landing at US bases there  in preparation for an attack on Iran?' b'International Committee of Red Cross Proposes War Crimes Charges' b'In England, knife crime claims 60 victims a day.' b'Afghan Warlords, Formerly Backed By the CIA, Now Turn Their Guns On U.S. Troops' b'Global Fascism Grows as  MPs pass Berlusconi immunity bill. There is no longer a pretense of a government of laws not of men. ' b'Iron Plate found in Great Pyramid... back in 1837' Weak dollar sends Vatican into the red (Why didn't God warn them?) b'ExPentagon worker sentenced in China spy case' b'France has denied citizenship to a Muslim woman who wears a burkha and lives in total submission to her male relativeson the grounds of insufficient assimilation into France. ' b'Time Israelis Blocking Medical Care in Gaza' b'Georgia says will down Russian jets Georgia threatens to shoot down Russian planes amid rising tensions.' Iran to target '32 US bases' if attacked b'Czechs See Oil Flow Fall and Suspect Russian Ire on Missile System' b'1 in 10 British youths do absolutely nothing. Interesting.' b'No drugs in cookies Watauga man gave Lake Worth police, lab finds' b'A request to [worldnews] users  (see comment, for I couldn't be more succinct than that...)' Women Left for Dead and the Man Who's Saving Them b'Pope to Apologise for Sexual Abuse of Children by Priests'  World Bank's Zoellick says food prices high until 2012 b'4 Israelis arrested for allegedly selling weapons to Palestinians' b'Bullet Blockers Why sales of bulletproof cars are rocketing in Brazil ' Russia and China don't think that Mugabe is illegitimate enough China and Russia wield Security Council veto. No one's surprised.  China is plundering the planet's seas  and it's doing it 12.5 times more than it's telling anybody Facebook Is Losing Millions Of Users In The US And Other Mature Markets Over 20,000 people applied to become first settlers on Mars Obama 'Guantanamo Bay must close' [BBC News] Dutch Queen Beatrix to abdicate in favour of son As many as 200 civilians have been killed in an attack in Nigeria. Five year old Indian rape victim dies Missiles fired at Russian plane with 200 passengers onboard flying over Syria Women who stole husbands sperm and got pregnant with use of IVF forced to pay compensation Study Germans see Islam as a threat North Korean leader Kim Jongun has stashed away some $45 billion in bank accounts in other people's names in Austria, China, Lichtenstein, Luxembourg, Russia, Singapore and Switzerland, intelligence agencies believe. What Is TPP? It's the Biggest Global Threat to the Internet Since ACTA. Danish sailors freed after 838 days in pirate captivity Billionaires Flee Havens as Trillions Pursued Offshore After Bombing, American Ties With Russia Improve Somalia To Receive International Mail For First Time In 22 Years Maker of useless bomb sniffing rods convicted of fraud after hundreds die. Europe bans pesticides blamed for the decline of bee population How A Female Photographer Sees Her Afghanistan Huge explosion rocks Damascus German embassy in NZ none too pleased by NZ bar having a Hitler piata party for ANZAC day. Bar promises bigger piata next year. Modesty police arrests ratchet fears of radicalized Islam in Gaza Six admit planning to bomb English Defence League rally, but arrived after it had ended! China becomes biggest PC market in 2012 putting it above the United States for the first time Only Canadian company that has admitted to carrying items make in Bangladesh factory, that collapsed, will compensate victims. b'Dozens of partygoers at an outdoor rave near Moscow last week have lost partial vision after a laser light show burned their retinas' b'Federal Judge Ruling George W. Bush is a Felon' b'Iraq handing out cash to people on the streets. They get up to $8000. We got $600. ' b'Babies born in Fallujah are showing illnesses and deformities on a scale never seen before' b'9 women arrested in oral sex competition' b'Budweiser is now a Belgian Beer' b'President of Sudan charged with genocide. He is the first sitting head of state to be charged by the International Criminal Court. ' Iran attack would hurt U.S. and Israel Syria's Assad b'In Japan, Buddhism May Be Dying Out' b'US investigators probing allegations of torture at an Iraqirun juvenile prison found clear evidence earlier this year that Sunni children had been murdered by their Shiite captors' b'Warm meals for elderly and disabled cut back because volunteer drivers cannot afford gas. ' b'Teachers win right to frisk pupils for drink, drugs and cigarettes' b'British soldiers accused of sickening sex assault on Iraqi boy, 14' Venezuela's Chavez says oil could reach $300 b'Despite all the sabrerattling, it looks as if Tehran wants to talk.' b'The people of Iran have chosen the path of reform  Shirin Ebadi' b'The best thing that could happen to the country is if no oil is found' b'When Human Rights Extend to Nonhumans' b'Drug cartels threaten Mexican democracy' b'Turkish Islamist government cracks down on secularist group' b'$150 Billion for a Beer in Zimbabwe' b'Myanmar After Buddhist monks, bloggers are second helpful in Burma' b' Defying U.S., Hezbollah stronger than ever' b'This recession could easily tip into a depression. Remembering the 30s and salaries of 1.50 a week.' b'Now official Sudanese president is charged by ICC' b'How the hell can this possibly not be suspicious?' 'First Guantanamo video' released  b'Russia announced Monday that it is sending warships to patrol Arctic waters for the first time since the breakup of the Soviet Union.' b'Overpopulation and Oil What the Talking Heads Dont Talk About' Bilderberg group meets to decide fate of world and media doesn't even blink to report it! b'Belgium government collapses, King holds talks' b'How Germany Is Dismantling Civil Rights amid Terror Fears' b'Mugabe has hired foreign mercenaries to do his dirty work' b' Sydney overturns Pope protest law' b'Mugabe running out of Monopoly money' b'Dutch Defence whistle blower, who disclosed the truth about defective landmines, is still being harrassed by the government after 24 years' b'In recent months, the army has also closed down an orphanage, a bakery and other institutions in Hebron, which Israel believes are associated with Hamas.' b'Imagine what the main stream media would have said if these were Palestinian children.' b'Six MILLION Ethiopian children in danger due to drought.' Robert Fisk 'Europe has a duty to educate the US about Middle East' b'Sudanese president charged with genocide '  Britain's secretive S&M scene b'Sibel Edmonds Case The Central Asia Islamization Cocktail Mosques, Madrassas, Heroin & Terrorism' b'Bomb explodes in Sydney  seems minor' I had sex with my brother but I don't feel guilty b'Judge lets off teenage hacker despite admission of guilt | Technology | guardian.co.uk' b'Revealed how UK restaurant chains pocket your tips'  Tree worth 500,000 'discovered' b'Israelis Gripped By New Photos of Missing Airman ' b'Belgian PM to offer resignation' b'Super Rich Tax Cheats Outed by Liechtenstein Bank Clerk' b'Despite being a mass murderer Russians pick Stalin as their Face of the Nation' b'John Pilger  How Britain wages war'  'I lost the best years of my life' If You Try To Pull A False Flag Operation, We're Not Going to Believe You Here's a graph that is wrong b'Saudis offer Moscow billions to break with Tehran.' b' Oil prices continue to fall' Former Iranian President BaniSadr 'Tehran Responsible for Lockerbie  not Libya' MI5 officers 'outsourced the torture of British nationals to Pakistani agencies' b'UK Teachers will be allowed by law to search children for drugs, alcohol and cigarettes. So they are more like cops than teachers now?' b'Pressure mounting to scrap speed cameras' b'More than a dozen Italian police officers, prison guards and doctors have been given prison sentences after being found guilty of brutality at a G8 summit in 2001. None will serve any time.' Big Brother database recording all our calls, texts and emails will 'ruin British way of life'   'I'm so glad he died at home' b'Israel trades a member of a 1979 raid  later convicted of murder  for the corpses of 2 soldiers captured by Hezbollah last year.' If you haven't heard about the first death since the truce took hold, it's because he's Palestinian b'Saving the slaves  International groups of Good Samaritans travel to the SudanDarfur region to offer help to slaves who now have nowhere else to go.' b'Hezbollah returns Israeli soldiers bodies.' b'Saudi Kids Learn the Darndest Things About Killing Jews and Gays' b' Hezbollah gives coffins to Israel in prisoner swap' b'UK  Family food bills rise by 1,100 in 12 months ' The new 'Obama advisor' problem Senator Chuck Hagel  b'How the Greening of the World Bank Affects the Poor' b'Swedish theme park ride collapses' b'Mosques increasingly not welcome. Europeans increasingly lashing out at construction of mosques feeding antiMuslim sentiment across the continent.' Scientology's Crushing DefeatA previously unpublished saga of an $8 million check  b'The bloody battle of Genoa; Was there something more sinister at play?' b'British intelligence allegedly outsourced torture of British citizens to Pakistani security agencies' b' European recession looms as Spain crumbles. Spain is now spiralling into the worst crisis since the Franco dictatorship. The economy is in dire straits.' b'Only Little War Criminals Get Punished' b'Mosques and  Minarets? Not in My Backyard, Say an Increasing Number of Germans' b' Bush warned he might send U.S. troops to Darfur' b'Almost half of Egyptian women are sexually harassed on a daily basis with more than half of Egyptian men admitting lewd behaviour' b'US judge OKs first Guantanamo Bay detainee trial ' b'U.S. Finally Talking With Iran' b'Pakistani Investors Stone Exchange as Stocks Plunge. People complain that despite many losing their life savings in a few days neither the government nor regulators have done anything to help.' b'Dear redditworldnews subscribers, we need your help please read this self.post and vote in the comments' b'A Dark Day for Press Freedom' b'SLIDING INTO RECESSION~Economic Tempest Overtakes Europe' b'Great Britain on verge of banning knives. Can forks be far behind?' b'Over 300.000 people rally in Buenos Aires, Argentina over farm export tax.' b'Hezbollah prisoners freed in exchange for dead Israeli soldiers' b'Democracy in action Amazing display of courage in Argentina over export tax. People win this one!' b'muslim barbie ' b'Pope says young inheriting scarred, squandered earth' b'New sodomy charge for Malaysian opposition figure' U.S. experts say Russia 'is winning the Arctic race' b'Report U.S. to station diplomats in Iran for first time since 1979' b'Pope assails moral relativism; rest of the world says well that's just, like, your opinion, man' Amidst all the squawking being done by the MPAA and the RIAA, I'd like to point out that there's actual piracy taking place every day in this world. b'Venezuela to Give EnergySaving Light Bulbs to LowIncome U.S. Communities' b'Dubai Detains Foreigners Accused Of Being Gay' b'World Court orders U.S. to stop executions of 5 Mexicans' b'Somalia is in flames, it just topped a list of the worlds most unstable countries by Foreign Policy magazine, and the United Nations has declared the humanitarian situation there worse than Darfur' b'Hundreds of Super Rich Under Investigation' Russia to 'neutralise' US missile defence threat b'In a recent interview in Yemen a Gitmo attorney dropped his pants to show how Gitmo prisoners are humiliated several times a day. ' b'Belgian King Rejects Resignation Offer of the Prime Minister' b'Are Iran and the US ALREADY Meeting in Turkey?' Zimbabwe 'running out of paper to print money on' b'Nelson Mandela uses 90th birthday to warn South Africans not to forget the poor' b' Pakistani Investors Stone Karachi Exchange as Stocks Plunge' Salafi Jihadists in Gaza 'Compared to Us, Hamas Is Islamism Lite' b'Al Qaeda Expanding Recruitment Of Children' b' U.S. seeks asset freeze on al Qaedalinked Algerians' b'The missile defense scheme and the sharpening of USRussian geopolitical tensions' b' Israel makes arrests in alleged plot against Bush' b'NATO just bombed Pakistan because of an unconfirmed allegation... where do we draw the line?' Iran's Missiles May Target Canadians b'Canada deports U.S. war resister' b'Avoid Public Toilets! An Olympic Visitors Guide to China' b'Childrens Choir Director Still Wanted By Turkish Authorities For Making Terrorist Propaganda' Bush, Maliki agree 'time horizon' for US drawdown b'Nearly a quarter of all Americans obese, 600 miles away many Haitians are eating mud ' b'Pakistan  Muslim judge rules kidnapped Christian girls converted to Islam and cannot return home' b'The WORST building in the world!' b'China Is Growing Unfriendly to Foreigners, Visitors Say' b'Polio resurfaces in region of Pakistan where militants campaigned against vaccination,' b'History of the modern Canadian flag, eh?' b'Iraq Beginning to smell like fried chicken' b'EgyptWomen are targets for harassment whether they are fully covered or not' b'China arrests human rights campaigner for possession of state secrets after he offered help to parents of children killed in the region's massive earthquake' b' China arrests quake critic on secrets charge' b'Magnitude 7.0 quake hits east coast of Japan' b'Buying America on the Cheap! A Close Look at Sovereign Wealth Funds' Saudi Arabia's stateproduced textbooks still refer to Jews and Christians as apes and swine, claim Jews conspire to take over the world and on Judgment Day Muslims will be called to kill the Jews b'Iraqi PM Obama troop withdrawl plan is great' b'ABC foreign correspondent arrested on ice charges faces 20 years in prison and a brutal arse caning' b'Asia Stocks Fall for Fifth Week in Six on Global Growth Concern ' b'Jack Sparrow Yarr Not. The New Face Of Sea Pirates... Satellite Equipment, Powerful Boats, And Motherships' How China's taking over Africa, and why the West should be VERY worried b'China quake zone govt to sell luxury HQ after outcry'  Phil Gramm steps down after 'whiners' comment b'A powerful earthquake has struck off the eastern coast of Japan, with officials warning that some regions could be hit by a small tsunami.' b' Iran rules out enrichment freeze at nuclear talks' b'...rounding up dozens of black men  reportedly including the son of a Caribbean ambassador  and beating many of them in public during a drug raid' b'Baby Penguins Washing Up Dead in Brazil' b'Guantanamo Bay Interrogation Video  Complete' b'Victim told to stay away from mall so child sex fiend can do his shopping' Tens of thousands gather in Australian capital cities to protest the Abbott government's cuts against health, welfare and education, the Murdoch press runs with The Ferals Are Revolting. Chilean activist destroys student debt papers worth $500m Food should be regulated like tobacco, say campaigners The food industry should be regulated like the tobacco industry as obesity poses a greater global health risk than cigarettes, say international groups. U.S. to Sue Chinese Military for Digital Espionage Thousands flee record flooding in Bosnia, Serbia 'Everything is destroyed'. Three months worth of rain has fallen on the region in three days this week, creating the worst floods since records began being kept 120 years ago. 25 tons of tetrachloroethane spilled in Fuchun River, China~ drinking water shutoff NYU promises workers constructing their Abu Dhabi campus will be treated fairly and humanely. Evidence has surfaced that those promises were overwhelmingly false. Credit Suisse to admit running a criminal enterprise' helping US tax dodgers Kremlin says President Putin has ordered troops near Ukraine to return to their home bases. Italian airline Alitalia has announced that it is suspending all flights to Venezuela due to the ongoing critical currency situation in the country, which is no longer economically sustainable. Scientists finally hope to turn light into matter  after 80 years of trying Russia's President Putin orders troops near Ukraine border to return immediately to their permanent bases Venezuela vowed yesterday to accuse the United States of meddling in its political crisis at the United Nations and other international organisations. Pope to visit Palestinian refugee camp, Western Wall No signs of Russian troops' withdrawal along Ukrainian border, NATO says South Korea is to break up its coastguard in the wake of the ferry disaster in which nearly 300 people died, says President Park Geunhye. Palestine urges EU to blacklist Jewish 'terrorists' Fukushima Seawater Radiation Rises To New All Time High Israel to use drones to track West Bank hate crime perpetrators Putin to India Together we'll scale new heights Manmohan Singh resigns as Prime Minister of India, says his tenure is 'open book' Poisoned Sheep in Australia Its like dealing with a thousand heroin addicts. Sir Jack Brabham, threetime Formula One world drivers' champion and icon of world motorsport, dies aged 88 Since last Monday, the German army has been conducting its largest military exercises since the 1980s. Russia seizes accounts of Ukraine chocolate tycoon/politician Study of 1.3 Million Kids Reveals Vaccines Aren't Associated with Autism Brazil will not make good on its commitment to clean up Rio de Janeiro's sewagefilled Guanabara Bay by the 2016 Olympic Games, state environmental officials acknowledged in a letter obtained Saturday by The Associated Press. Thousands across Australia flock to the March in May protests in opposition of the Abbott Government and its economic policies. Weed legal in 5 years A former B.C. solicitor general predicts Canada will legalize marijuana in the next five years  no matter who is in charge in Ottawa Britain has tried to block release of US 'torture files' that could prove Blair Government was complicit in illtreatment of terror suspects, it is claimed China has built a prototype testing platform for a nearvacuum highspeed maglev train that is theoretically capable of reaching speeds up to 1,800 mph. Switzerland 'rejects world's highest minimum wage' ISIS Destroys 3000 YearOld Assyrian Artifacts In Syria Britains Wealthiest Now Worth 519Billion. Britains richest have doubled their wealth in the last 5 years Large number of Chinese troops heading for Vietnamese border. Childhood vaccinations will no longer be free in Australia. North Korea said a serious accident last week at a construction site in the capital, Pyongyang, claimed casualties and triggered a major rescue operation but no death toll was mentioned. In Taking Crimea, Putin Gains a Sea of Fuel Reserves When Russia seized Crimea on March 18, it acquired not just the Crimean landmass but also a maritime zone some three and a half times its size with the rights to underwater resources potentially worth trillions of dollars Russian Space Program Gets $52 Billion Boost Balkan Floods Offer New Threat Loosened Land Mines Syrian Girls Forced To Marry ISIS Jihadists Devastating floods in Serbia and Bosnia, spreading to Croatia. People are dead, and more flooding is expected tomorrow. Mastermind behind al Qaedas first attack on U.S. now a security official in Yemen U.S.Russia Tension Could Affect Space Station, Satellites In the aftermath of the Cold War, the two superpowers set aside their mistrust and agreed to build a massive orbiting outpost as a symbol of a new era of cooperation in space exploration. But now that partnership is under serious strain. Nigeria kidnapped schoolgirls Boko Haram 'prepared to begin release of up to half of the girls White House lawyers unable to find critical Iraq letter from Tony Blair telling George Bush I'm with you whatever. Kazakhstan Atheist Faces Seven Years for Stoking Religious Tension Boko Haram attacks Chinese workers in Cameroon Serbian Suburb almost entirely submerged under water while neighbouring towns have met a similar fate Bosnia and Serbia floods Bodies pulled from rivers 100,000 'yes' ballots for referendum intercepted in Sloviansk US Marines, Satellite locate missing girls in Sambisa forest Calls are mounting for hardline Jewish settlers to be classified as terrorists after a spate of attacks on Palestinian property in the West Bank and Israel, and threats of violence towards Israeli soldiers Fullscale large military drone operations will start shortly in Japan and its nearby airspace to monitor Chinese military activities and North Koreas nuclear and missile development. Some Ukraine voters seen voting twice in proRussian separatist poll Russian deputy PM tweets threat to fly over Romania in strategic bomber Austria wins Eurovision song contest Europeans Are Getting Fatter, Just Like Americans. As Italy gears up to become EU president, Italian PM Renzi vows to push for United States of Europe Mexico legalises vigilantes, handing weapons to farmers in bid to fight drug cartel Knights Templar Russia Claims Ukraines Black Sea Oil And Gas Bounty A 12,000yearold tomb made of rock in the southern province of Mersins Silifke district has been blown up with dynamite by treasure hunters. Iran will not accept 'nuclear apartheid', says President Hassan Rohani Ukraine referendum for selfrule in eastern regions begins  live updates The lawyer defending a Pakistani doctor jailed after helping the CIA find Osama bin Laden is quitting the case because of death threats and alleged U.S. interference in the trial Saudi Arabia warns of MERS risk from camels as cases rise France and Germany have threatened Russia with further sanctions if Ukraine's presidential election on 25 May fails to go ahead. Israeli ministers approve bid to block Palestinian prisoner releases Philippines Jails Chinese Sailors in Fish Dispute Budgetstrapped Israeli military banks on future US aid North Korea Says It Will Defend Its Dignity With Another Nuclear Test Mexico legalizes vigilantes fighting drug cartel Nigeria Refused Help to Search for Kidnapped Girls Young Gurkha slays Pak militant in fierce handhandcombat long LoC in Jammu and Kashmir Brazil deploys troops to secure borders for World Cup Australian Environment Minister Andrew Powell wants Australians to boycott Ben and Jerrys ice cream for supporting propaganda save the reef campaign, saying theyve damaged the reputation of the reef and jeopardised jobs and tourism dollars. Mexico to legalize vigilantes fighting drug cartel China may build an undersea train to America Harvard study shows neonicotionoids are devastating colonies by triggering colony collapse disorder Russia Proposed Bill Would 'Protect' Children From Unpatriotic Information ExBlackwater guard indicted on murder charge for Iraq shooting Not a shred of truth IOC Denies report that Rio 2016 Olympics could be moved to London Swiss company agrees to pay $4.4m fine for helping US tax dodgers  US thanks Swisspartners for 'extraordinary cooperation'  Credit Suisse expected to face big fine and criminal charges. U.S. officers whisked from Yemen after they kill wouldbe kidnappers, State Department says Australia delists protected woodland in Tasmania Venezuela said on Tuesday it would start crushing abandoned cars and bicycles to provide raw materials for housing construction and supplement drastically reduced amounts of local steel. War on drugs a global failure, London School of Economics says  Business  CBC News WHO to hold emergency talks on deadly MERS virus Tuesday Satellite images contradict suggestion of Russian pull back from Ukraine. Chinese military experts claim pressure from US and NATO forced Turkey to scrap US$3.4 billion China missile system deal Nigeria knew of school raid ahead of time, failed to act China blames U.S. for stoking tensions in South China Sea Europe softens stance on Canadas oil sands as relations with Russia sour Cambodia seizes three tonnes of ivory in record haul | Customs officers find elephant tusks hidden in shipping container for beans China is reportedly thinking about building a bullet train that reaches America New documents point to CIA rendition network through Djibouti A 6.0 has occurred near Acapulco, the same town close to yesterday's 6.4  Updates inside Swedish Airliner Nearly Hit Russian Spy Plane Vietnam Says Video Proves China Rammed Its Ship Ukraine Forces Destroy Police Building in Restive East Found after 500 years, the wreck of Christopher Columbuss flagship the Santa Maria Right to be forgotten EU court rules Google must amend results on request. Individuals have right to control their data and can ask search engines to remove results, says European court. 13 arrested for cutting buffalo milk with cheaper cow milk in Italian cheese scandal. British police ask blogger to remove legitimate tweet criticising UK political party Joe Biden's son joins the team of Burisma Holdings, Ukraines largest private gas producer How the NSA tampers with USmade internet routers & servers heading overseas Seven car bombs went off almost simultaneously in Baghdad killing at least 21 people There are now more than 100 billionaires living in Britain, the highest number per capita of any other country in the world. The current Australian Government proposes a budget that would make egregious cuts to funding for social services, the Health/Science/Education/Arts & Entertainment industries, and much more. World Health Organization finds alcohol causes one in 20 deaths globally Canada orders extradition to India of mother and uncle for their role in 'honor' killing of a young Sikh woman Former Israeli PM Ehud Olmert handed sixyear jail sentence Western Antarctic ice sheet collapse has already begun, scientists warn. Loss is inevitable and will cause up to four metres of additional sealevel rise. Isabel Carrasco, a top female politician in the northern Spanish town of Leon, is shot dead on a public street Beijing just handed out the citys largestever fine for air pollutionto a US joint venture Egypt To Put Six Homosexual Men On Trial For Organizing Gay Party ICC to examine claims that British troops carried out war crimes in Iraq Sharp rise in French Jews leaving for Israel United Nations It is difficult to reconcile Canadas welldeveloped legal framework and general prosperity with the human rights problems faced by indigenous peoples in Canada that have reached crisis proportions in many respects. Canadian Special Forces on the ground in Nigeria. A Future Of Thirst Water Crisis Lies On The Horizon  The next time your throat is as dry as a bone and the Sun is beating down, take a glass of clean, cool water. Savour it. Sip by sip. Vital and appreciated as that water is, it will be even more precious to those who will follow you. Donetsk Peoples Republic will start its own antiterrorist operation in Donetsk region against Ukrainian military forces if they dont leave in 48hours Romania seeks explanation from Russia over TU160 threat Former IRA activists are to sue Boston College over its decision to hand tapes of their stories from the Troubles to the police. Former CIA director We kill people based on metadata Govt to axe Australian Renewable Energy Agency Russia blogger bill authorized today, requires bloggers to publicize identity, all posts will be inspected by government officials and any terrorist or propagating posts are subject to fines and imprisonment. Japanese whalers have restarted operations in the northwest Pacific only weeks after the United Nation's highest court banned Japan's socalled scientific whaling program in the Antarctic Brazil Police warn visitors, 'Don't scream if robbed' Cocaine use in Britain so high it has contaminated our drinking water, report shows Over 540 million people (66.4% of electorate) just finished voting in India's monthlong general election, the largest democratic exercise in the world to date The Pirate Bay to be Blocked by Australian Government IEA Decarbonising the economy will save $71 trillion by 2050 2,000 tons of whale meat arrives in Japan from Iceland Lost Vincent van Gogh painting found in bank safe Photos of dead turtles in Chinese ship anger Filipinos Ukraine Guardsmen open fire on crowd. Nereus deep sea sub 'implodes' 10kmdown David Cameron Taxes will rise unless we can raid bank accounts 400 US mercenaries 'deployed on ground' in Ukraine military op One billion people still defecate in public despite health risksUN France to redraw nations map to save money Ukrainian troops open artillery fire at village of Adreyevka, Donetsk region  headquarters of Donetsk region's selfdefense forces Obama aims oil weapon at Putin but will he pull the trigger? Oil prices heading for major correction after Russia's attempt to use crude as a weapon to bully Western powers backfires Brazil Built The World's SecondMost Expensive Soccer Stadium In A City With No Pro Team Court orders Turkey to pay Cyprus over invasion Europes top human rights court on Monday ordered Turkey to pay 90 million euros ($123 million) to Cyprus over the 1974 invasion of the island and its subsequent division, in one of the largest judgments in its history. Russian officials(Rogozin) attempted to smuggle lists calling on independence of Transnistria. The lists were confiscated by Moldavian officers. Mexico A Zetas founder among 6 dead in shootout Girl who escaped Boko Haram abduction speaks publicly about ordeal Ukraine crisis National guardsmen fire into crowd  World Alberta government is planning to sell off crucial caribou habitat to the energy industry just days after a federal scientific panel said the herds were in immediate danger of vanishing completely Sudan woman sentenced to be hanged for apostasy for refusing to return to Islam, after marrying a Christian man The biggest fast food strike in the history is happening around the world today Saudi Arabia Farmers flout Mers warning by kissing camels  People are taking photos and videos of themselves kissing camels in defiance of a warning from Saudi health authorities not to go near the animals, which have been linked to the deadly Mers virus. US plans nearly $1 billion arms deal with Iraq Turkish PM Erdoans adviser sparks outrage for kicking mourner amid Soma protests Google ruling 'astonishing', says Wikipedia founder Wales Australia's Minister For Education Just Called The Opposition Leader A Cunt In Parliament Train from Kaliningrad, Russia Halted at Lithuanian Border for Bearing Soviet Symbols Turkish mine disaster PM Erdogan's car attacked South Korea Officials Enact De Facto SOPA Regime to Block Foreign Websites  Its takedown system mirrors the SOPA provision on copyright holders being empowered to compel ISPs to block foreign sites through a simple allegation of copyright infringement Russia Scores Massive Gas Pipeline Deal With China AntiChina riots turn deadly in Vietnam | 20 or more killed Brazil laundering illegal timber on a 'massive and growing scale' Greenpeace investigation uncovers evidence that illegally logged timber is being sold on to buyers in the UK, US, Europe and China German undercover agent dies in mysterious circumstances Corelli was due to appear in the Munich court to give evidence on the workings of the neoNazi National Socialist Underground. Fast food workers strike for higher wages Protesters in several dozen countries join in a united call for wages of $15 an hour and the right to form a union Turkish miners who took shelter inside the only refuge chamber available at the Soma mine used oxygen masks in turns before perishing Road Work Reveals Ancient Treasure Trove of 9,000 Years of Scottish History Kuwait, a U.S. ally on Syria, is also the leading funder of extremist rebels Atlantic Current Strength Declines  The Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation (AMOC) is part of the great ocean conveyor belt that ceaselessly circulates sea water, heat and nutrients around the globe. Afghan Taliban commander linked to Pakistani spy agency News of the World royal editor I hacked Kate Middleton 155 times Trade unions in Turkey have announced a oneday strike in protest at the country's worst ever mine disaster which has claimed at least 274 lives. China and Russia beat US in new corporate transparency report Ecuador's Plan to Drill in the Amazon Is Moving Ahead, Despite Opposition British Government to release 1.2 million illegally held documents to the public  some over 200 years old Ukraine Stops Water Supply to Crimea Germany Sets New Record, Generating 74 Percent Of Energy Needs From Renewable Energy. With wind and solar in particular filling such a huge portion of the countrys power demand, electricity prices actually dipped into the negative for much of the afternoon Silvio Berlusconi's links with Italian organised crime confirmed Some 20 miners are reported to have been killed after an explosion at a coal mine in western Turkey. Up to 300 other workers are believed to be trapped underground at the mine in Soma, Manisa province Death toll in Turkey's coal mine disaster jumps to 157. VP Biden's Son Joins Ukrainian Gas Company's Board Samsung offers 'deep apology' and compensation to workers who've contracted incurable diseases Anticyberbullying bill could harm internet privacy rights, Amanda Todd's mother warns Philippines says China appears to be building airstrip on disputed reef Kiev rejects Donetsk's referendum results Turkey ordered to pay 90m Euros compensation to Cyprus  Turkey refuses as they do not 'formally recognise Cyprus as a country'. The dominance of India's most famous political dynasty may be finished Exit polls suggest the hold of the NehruGandhi family over Indian politics is over, as Narendra Modi draws closer to win WWF staff receive death threats for opposing Virunga oil exploitation | The callers  said that they had missed killing de Merode, but would not miss WWF's employee, 10 factories set on fire in antiChina protest in southern Vietnam, official says. Turkish PM cites 19thcentury Britain to prove mine accidents are typical Uruguays President Mujica Offers to Host Guantnamo Prisoners 238 dead in Turkey coal mine explosion 201 killed, hundreds trapped by coal mine explosion Turkish Energy Minister Israel demolishes 28 illegal outposts, including a Synagogue. Chinese authorities accuse a senior executive of the global pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline of orchestrating a longrunning bribery and fraud scheme that involved making secret payments to doctors, hospital staff and government officials to bolster drug sales UK Government Willing To Block EU Net Neutrality Deal German Official Says It Was Wrong to Make Ukraine Pick Between EU and Russia Mexican Vigilante groups begin accusing each other of working for drug cartels. Pakistan's Chief Justice says all religions come under the blasphemy law, calls for strong action against those who target Hindus In important speech, Iran's President Rouhani says that it should be an Iranian citizens' right to freely access internet. Laos military plane has crashed  20 on board, 3 confirmed dead including the minister of public security, the minister of defense, and the governor of Vientiane province. Vancouver teenager creates new HIV test  The test allows users to place a drop of blood on a chip to receive a near instantaneous response to find out if they are infected, a process only slightly more difficult than a pregnancy test 'Executed' Kim JongUn girlfriend reappears on North Korea television  Telegraph Germany Will Ban Tech Companies That Play Ball With NSA  No federal contracts will go to companies that turn over data to the NSA or other agencies. There may, however, be one crucial exemption Largest dinosaur? New heavyweight unearthed in Argentina. Analysis of the 90millionyearold fossil suggests the dinosaur weighed about 100 tons  the equivalent of 14 grown elephants. UN warns Crimean Tatars have suffered harassment and persecution since peninsula was annexed from Ukraine 65yearold man accused of blasphemy shot dead in Pakistani police station Africa leaders declare 'war' on Nigerian Boko Haram Paralysed Saudi Arabian man's tweet asking for someone to visit him in hospital becomes most retweeted message in Saudi Arabian Twitter history Lithuanias parliament voted to ban the sale of highcaffeine energy drinks to minors Guantnamo forcefeeding stopped Organised crime launders 100 billion euros through gambling Eighty per cent of the world's bets on sport are illegally carried out, according to researchers Russian business elite excluded from Canada's sanctions list A doubledecker ferry sank in Bangladesh on Thursday, during a storm, with approx. 200 people on board. About 75 people escaped, the rest of the passengers are assumed dead. Russia, China agree to create working group for space cooperation projects Chilean Artist burns promissory notes with an estimated value of US$500 million to release students from their university debts. So Paulo Streets Burn as Brazils Protesters Promise Fighting Ahead of World Cup Turkish mine death toll now at 299 Mine owner 'innocent,' martyred workers 'guilty'  Turkish government and the operator of the mine in which about 300 workers died denied claims of negligence accusing the workers of causing the accident 'Putin approval rating hits 6year high' Brazil 2014 World Cup dengue fever risk predicted Gambian President on Gay AsylumSeekers 'I Will Kill Them' More than 2.7 billion people live in countries where being gay is a crime Elephant poaching reported at Kruger national park in South Africa Bull most likely shot for its tusks in first case for a decade as illegal ivory trade encroaches from Zimbabwe and Mozambique FIFA head calls Qatar 2020 World Cup a mistake Villagers Kill 200 Boko Haram Insurgents With Dane Guns, Arrows; Catch 10 Alive. Young people 'feel they have nothing to live for' Almost a third of longterm unemployed young people have contemplated taking their own lives. Steel Workers in Mariupol, Ukraine seize the city and out ProRussian Militants Bosnia and Serbia emergency after 'worst ever' floods Russian Proton rocket carrying advanced satellite crashes UK's oil, coal and gas 'gone in five years'. In just over five years Britain will have run out of oil, coal and gas, researchers have warned. Turkish PM Erdogan punches a citizen of Soma, where 300+ miners died in an explosion, because he was protesting along with the rest of the town for him to resign. Google swamped by takedown requests after court ruling European ruling on 'right to be forgotten' prompts numerous requests to remove personal info The remains of a teenage girl who fell to her death in an underground cave system in Mexico 12,000 years ago have thrown fresh light on the origins of the first Americans | DNA recovered from 12,000yearold skeleton help to dispel claims that first Americans came from Australia, Asia or Europe. ProRussian insurgents retreat in eastern Ukraine city as steelworkers begin patrols NATO Chief Says Russia Can't Be Trusted Over Ukraine Report Russian space rocket breaks apart after launch in Kazakhstan Police tear gas Turkey mine protest Turkish police fire tear gas at thousands of protesters in town of Soma where some 300 miners died on Tuesday NATO's Secretary General Tells Europe To Stop Relying On The US And Provide Its Own Defense UN report documents alarming deterioration in human rights in eastern Ukraine China blames Vietnam, says will not cede inch of disputed territory Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoan filmed slapping civilian protesting about the Turkey Mine Explosion. Modi on brink of power as India vote count begins Hong Kong begins burning its entire stockpile of illegal ivory, joining the US, China & France in combating the illicit trade Australia Flaming Ball Falls from Sky and Crashes 'Like a Bomb' A paralysed Saudi kid's tweet about him being abandoned by family goes viral. He ends up getting 1000s of visitors and over US $100K in donations from strangers to royal family. A photograph of an aide kicking a protester may be just the beginning of Erdogans problems The leader of a Chinese baby trafficking ring that brought 23 boys and pregnant women from Vietnam was sentenced to death Friday, a state news agency reported. Australian Opposition Leader calls Tony Abbott a coward and says Try Us when threatened with Double Dissolution after negative backlash from recent budget By 285 votes to 281, MEPs decide to call on EU member states to drop any criminal charges against Edward Snowden China to end onechild policy Nepal elects first female President 22 Shipwrecks Found in Single Location in Greece  Surpassing all expectations, over only 13 days we added 12% to total of known ancient shipwrecks in Greek territorial waters. They span from the Archaic Period to the Classical & Hellenistic through Late Medieval Period. Japan urged to ban manga child abuse images UNs child protection envoy says extreme child pornographic content in comics should be banned but artists call it an attack on freedom of expression Denmark wants foreign fighters jailed for life The Justice Ministry on Thursday announced plans to punish Danish foreign fighters as traitors, allowing for life imprisonment. EU Toughens Against TTIP as Top German Lawmaker Blasts AntiDemocratic Deal the president of the German Bundestag, or parliament, has threatened to vote against the socalled trade agreement due to its lack of transparency and democratic legitimacy Saudi blogger Raif Badawi, who has been sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in jail for insulting Islam and for cyber crime, was awarded the European Union's Sakharov prize for human rights and freedom of thought Automatic porn filters to be made 'law of the land' (UK) Rosetta finds oxygen on comet 67P in 'most surprising discovery to date' Google believes it is on course to have enough internetbeaming balloons in the stratosphere to form a ring over part of the world next year. Russia Announced It Is Sending Humans To The Moon Bitcoin CEO spent embezzled funds on prostitutes reports Refugees refusing to leave bus in 'too cold' Sweden to be removed Fourteen people have stayed on the bus since it reached Limedsforsen three days ago, saying the village is too cold and isolated Police used the Terrorism Act to seize a Newsnight journalist's laptop China to start work on super, supercollider by 2020. The facility is expected to generate millions of Higgs boson particles, far more than the capacity of Europe's Large Hadron Collider (LHC), helping scientists to answer some fundamental questions about how the universe works. A prominent Iranian official recently suggested a new drug policy for the country that includes taking steps toward the legalization of cannabis and opium Brazil officials evict families from homes ahead of 2016 Olympic Games An international team of scientists discovered that solar storms can be much more powerful and devastating than we know. By analyzing traces of solar storms in ice cores from Greenland and Antarctica, researchers concluded that Earth was hit by two extreme solar storms over a thousand years ago. Pope says denying Israel's right to exist is antiSemitism 4,400 Dead Cows Are Decomposing on Brazilian Beaches France to ban vaginal exams without consent UK A private company has made thousands of pounds by targeting smokers who drop their cigarette ends in the town centre. The company are paid their commission by the council every time they give out a fine, regardless of whether the culprits cough up or not. Syrians living tragedy and despair barely imaginable five years ago, says top UN relief official North Korea believed to earn a fortune from sending forced labor overseas, U.N. says The star witness in a case pitting rainforest villagers against a multinational oil giant has admitted to lying under oath in an effort to help Chevron avoid paying a $9.5 billion judgment for deliberate pollution of the Ecuadorian Amazon Toronto on brink of a mob war, Italy warns Two children face two years in jail for tearing down Erdoan poster African Union reports mass graves, cannibalism in South Sudan Saudi Prince busted smuggling two tons of amphetamines out of Beirut, and some cocaine. Another MSF (Doctors Without Borders) Hospital Destroyed by Airstrikes, this time in Yemen. Turkish authorities are seizing two major opposition TV stations, trying to shut it down, police attacking journalists Roman Polanski should be deported from Poland to the US to face sentence over a conviction for having sex with a minor in 1977, according to the leader of Polands newly elected Law and Justice party. Malnutrition and other 'Victorian' diseases soaring in England 'due to food poverty and cuts' | Cases of Victorianera diseases including scurvy, scarlet fever, cholera and whooping cough have increased since 2010 500 billion dollars stolen under Maliki rule in Iraq official United Nations votes 1912 to condemn U.S. embargo against Cuba This Could Be the Worst Climate Crisis in the World Right Now Indonesia's deforestation nightmare is choking thousands and making climate change worse Iraq We Didn't Ask for U.S. Ground Operations Oxytocin spray improves social skills in some children with autism, worldfirst study shows About 1,000 Bikini islanders have applied to relocate to the United States as rising seas threaten their adopted home. Nasa opens discussion on where to land humans on Mars Asthma drug could rejuvenate ageing brains, study suggest  Researchers found that a six week course of the drug, montelukast, improved memory and learning in older rodents, with their performance in cognitive tests nearly matching that of much younger animals. Scientists confirm that East Antarcticas biggest glacier is melting from below. 20,000 orangutans in danger of burning due to fires in Indonesia Austria to Build Border Fence to Control Flow of Migrants 1,000yearold Bible recovered in central Turkey US will fly and sail where 'international law permits' despite rebuke from China 93% of deaths and injuries in Yemen are civilian Iran Is Invited to Join U.S., Russia and Europe for Talks on Syrias Future Exxon is denying it deliberately downplayed global warming Exxon Knew about Climate Change Almost 40 Years Ago  A new investigation shows the oil company understood the science before it became a public issue and spent millions to promote misinformation. Rape Victims Are Being Jailed Under Extramarital Sex Laws in the UAE Greenland Is Melting Away Belgian Scientologists go on trial for fraud and extortion  church could face ban if convicted China say's US warship illegally entered its waters. As large animals disappear, the loss of their poop hurts the planet Whistleblowers in Canada could receive awards in excess of $1.5 million when a formal policy is unveiled Wednesday by the Ontario Securities Commission to encourage those in the know to help ferret out corporate wrongdoing. Intolerable Heat May Hit the Middle East by the End of the Century  By the end of this century, areas of the Persian Gulf could be hit by waves of heat and humidity so severe that simply being outside for several hours could threaten human life Poachers kill another 22 elephants with cyanide in Zimbabwe Change of heart for peace Top Pakistani hardliner cleric says I am a Pakistani and I do not hate India Worlds largest concentrated solar power plant, powered by the Moroccan Saharan sun, set to help renewables provide almost half the countrys energy by 2020 343 UK scholars pledge boycott of Israeli universities German Jews Warn Merkel That Refugees May Spread AntiSemitism Jewish leaders told German Chancellor Angela Merkel theyre concerned that refugees streaming into the country may foment antiSemitism, underscoring the risk of social conflict as her government struggles to contain the migrant crisis Sec. Carter U.S. to Begin 'Direct Action on the Ground' in Iraq, Syria Troops Who Sought Strike On Afghan Hospital Knew It Was A Hospital The Army Green Berets who requested the Oct. 3 airstrike on the Doctors without Borders trauma center in Afghanistan were aware it was a functioning hospital but believed it was under Taliban control U.S. Navy to send destroyer within 12 miles of Chinese islands Yemen hospital hit by Saudiled airstrikes Skeleton of ancient warrior & hoard of treasure found in 3,500yrold tomb  US archeologists found the wooden coffin of the unknown soldier on the Peloponnese peninsula, with jewellery, a bronze sword & ivory combs inside Around 700 of the 4,000 refugees who have been housed in Lower Saxony over the past week have gone missing and authorities mostly have no idea who or where they are. The astonishing number was revealed in a survey of local authorities in the northwest German state by the Neue Osnabrcker Zeitung. Emperor Palpatine takes City Council seat in Ukraines Odessa Kurds Say Turkey Shot at Its Forces in Northern Syria European Parliament votes in favour of 'two speed' internet Lastsurviving cracker from Titanic is auctioned for 15,000. Most valuable biscuit. Parts of London have higher TB rates than Iraq or Rwanda Out Of The Closet & Straight To Jail New Plan To Punish Coming Out In Russia  A proposed law would extend the countrys ban on gay propaganda to cover simply publicly identifying as gay. College applications in UK to become anonymous to prevent unconscious bias against candidates from minority groups Saudi Arabia to run out of cash in fewer than 5 years, IMF says Saudi Prince Arrested in Beirut on Drug Smuggling Strong earthquake jolts Islamabad UK accused of doing China's bidding after police raid home of Tiananmen Square survivor over peaceful protest WHO Processed meats cause cancer. Dutch court revokes Scientology's taxexempt status A Chinese biotechnological company announced that it has developed the world's first 3D blood vessel bioprinter, which makes it possible to produce personalized functional organs Activists urge Trudeau to defend Canadas copyright regime from TPP changes Poland has returned their government to the right as exit polls show 39% for Kaczyski's PiS party. Google invests in Africas largest windfarm  Internet giant to acquire 12.5% stake in Lake Turkana windfarm in Kenya. Venezuelas central bank has filed suit in the US against a website widely used to track the plummeting black market value of the countrys currency Saudi relationship with UK 'at risk', warns ambassador. An alarming change in Britain's attitude towards Saudi Arabia could lead to serious repercussions, the Saudi ambassador has warned. Indonesia's fires labelled a 'crime against humanity' as 500,000 suffer | Haze has caused havoc, with schools in neighbouring Singapore and Malaysia shut down, flights grounded and events cancelled Israeli ministers approve mandatory Arabic studies from first grade Scientifically validated antidiabetes herbal drug launched in India. Cost 0.077 USD per tablet Muslim leader condemns beheading of South Sudanese Christian by IS in Libya Red meat cancer risk to be revealed by WHO Pakistan uses Taliban to counter India CIA chiefs hacked emails Tour boat carrying 27 passengers sinks off Tofino, B.C. China to supply fuel to Nepal after protesters block deliveries from India Beijing is set to send about 100 tanker trucks of gasoline to fuelstarved Nepal, officials say. The move comes after protesters from Nepal's Madhesi minority blocked off the key border crossing with India Europe is starting to shut down the free flow of refugees Nine killed in gun battle between Turkish police and ISIL suspects.The shootout in Diyarbakir erupted just six days ahead of elections in Turkey, with tensions running high following the countrys worst ever bomb attack and a resurgence of the conflict with Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) rebels. Guatemala's jailed former president, Otto Perez, says he regrets bowing to U.S. pressure to extend the work of an anticorruption unit that then toppled him from power and that it was U.S. Vice President Joe Biden who forced his hand Plane's Undercarriage Collapses During Landing Pastor in Singapore found guilty of using $37 million in church funds to boost wife's failing pop star career Tony Blair apologises for 'mistakes' over Iraq War and admits 'elements of truth' to view that invasion helped rise of Isis. Japan's Yakuza Cancels Halloween  On Halloween, Japans largest organized crime group used to allow children to extort mobsters. But event called off this yr due to a possible gang war. Lockheed Martin, Boeing rally around Saudi Arabia, wave off humanitarian concerns Chinese demand for forest turtles is threatening an endangered species found only on one Philippine island, wildlife officials said Sunday. The Philippine Forest Turtle, found only in the western island of Palawan, is one of numerous freshwater turtles being taken by poachers for sale to China. Pope Francis scolds Catholic bishops over their attitudes towards gays and the divorced Portugal is in the midst of a constitutional crisis after President Anibal Cavaco Silva refused to allow a coalition of leftwing antiausterity parties to take power even though they have a majority in parliament. Anger at David Cameron who uses 100,000 from taxpayers for trip to honour dead Saudi King. Egypt has developed a gamechanging lowpower water desalination technique UK nuclear deterrent to cost 167 billion pounds, far more than expected Russia Poised to Criminalize Coming Out 1 in 4 Australian students fails to complete a year 12 certificate or vocational equivalent, and 30 % of year 7 students are falling behind international benchmarks in reading Landmark national study has also exposed an alarming discrepancy between advantaged and disadvantaged students. Journalist pays for reporting the truth about ISIS with his father's life Helmet camera footage shows joint US Delta ForceKurdish raid to rescue Islamic State hostages ExxonMobil Targets Journalists and Activists After Climate Change Investigation Pirate Party storms to success in Icelandic polls Larger employers will have to publish the amount men and women are awarded in bonuses as part of proposed legislation to reduce the gender pay gap. Iranian government slams US jailing of engineer for trying to send sensitive military documents to Iran Severe weather hits Middle East, causes fatal flooding, downed power cable in Egypt Chinese Investment Company to Buy Texas Oil Fields for $1.3B British Army Enlisted Indian Children as Young as 10 in World War 1, Claims Book Russian airstrike hits Syrian hospital, aid group says Jordan and Israel agree to take steps to help quell violence European leaders to hold summit over migrant crisis China communist party paper says country should join U.S.led TPP U.N. Report Calls on Governments to Protect Whistleblowers Like Snowden, Not Prosecute Them | Confidential sources and whistleblowers are a crucial element of a healthy democracy, says the U.N. Special Rapporteur for free speech. Somebody Is Carving Select Cuts from Canadian Cows & Leaving Their Corpses in the Field Hurricane Patricia roars into Mexico early this morning, then quicky crumbles and dies off from the mountainous terrain. ISIS is making up to $50 million a month from oil sales Isis earns $50m a month from oil sales | Isis reportedly earns up to $50 million (32.6 million) each month from oil sales, allowing the group to maintain its rule over their selfdeclared caliphate stretching across large parts of Syria and Iraq. Palau creates marine sanctuary the size of California | The sanctuary will take up 80 percent of the Pacific nation's waters, and will be the world's sixthlargest area to be fully protected from fishing or drilling. Ai Weiwei banned from using Lego to build Australian artwork  toy company told artist it cannot approve the use of Legos for political works Initial reports indicate no major damage, deaths from Hurricane Patricia American Delta Force and Kurdish commando team raided ISIS prison after word leaked that executions were imminent; US Delta operator killed in firefight was a father of four. When you say, I need a wife, you can first consult your parents and, God willing, they will find you a suitable one. If they dont, you can come to us, says Turkish islamist AKP prime minister Davutoglu Iraq authorizes Russian airstrikes against Daesh (ISIL) Indian Government approves induction of women fighter pilots in Air Force Czech Republic under fire for stripping refugees to take their money to pay for their involuntary detention Saudi Arabia Eight of the 12 surviving sons of country's monarch support move to oust King Salman A boat carrying 560 Egyptian child migrants, all aged 11 and younger, has reached Italian shores, where the children have now been provided with residence and shelters. Boris Johnson calls for halt to planned solar aid cuts  Mayor of London warns that thousands of jobs are being put at risk, in letter sent to the energy minister on final day of govt consultations on the proposals Common asthma drug reverses aging in rat brains, human trials starting soon ISIS publishes firstever video in Hebrew 'Not a single Jew will remain in Jerusalem' Suicide bomber kills 16 at procession for Shi'ite holiday in Pakistan Giant Squid juvenile monsters of the deep captured off Japan  Marine biologists capture 3 young giant squid in what's 1st confirmed catch of very young juveniles of the elusive creature. Spitting image of their gigantic parents  if nearly 1,000lbs & 50ft smaller Iranianborn man is sentenced to 8 years in prison for sharing information on advanced US fighter jet engines Iraq authorises Russia to strike Islamic State inside country For the first time, EU regulators have recommended approval for a viral immunotherapy drug. The drug uses a modified Herpes simplex virus (cold sores) that only infects melanoma cancer cells, causing them to rupture and die. Erdogan Says Turkey Won't Let Kurds 'Seize' Northern Syria Brazil Supreme Court seized $2.45 million in Swiss accounts allegedly belonging to the speaker of Brazil's lower house of congress, a powerful political figure who can largely determine whether widely sought impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff are introduced on the chamber floor Hurricane Patricia is now measured to be the strongest Hurricane we have ever seen At least 39 people feared dead in traffic accident involving truck and bus in southwest France Gay Sex Is Now Punished With 100 Lashes in Indonesias Province of Aceh WikiLeaks emails from head of CIA reveal he 'consulted a mental health expert', suggested US spying on own citizens may be illegal and that his own security firm had been 'disingenuous' to win contract Survivor of alleged elite paedophile ring including former Australian prime minister speaks out Pope Franciss enemies inside the church leaked false story that he had a brain tumour, enraged Vatican says Putin accuses US of backing terrorism in Middle East No need to play with words and split terrorists into moderate and not moderate Teen Arrested for 'Insulting' President Erdogan on Facebook.Insulting the president of Turkey is punishable under the law and those guilty face up to four years in prison. Many Antidepressant Studies Found Tainted by Pharma Company Influence Islamists recruiting at Norway asylum centres Cisa amendment would allow US to jail foreigners for crimes committed abroad Peru's Indigenous Women Demand Justice for Forced Sterilization.More than 300,000 women and 20,000 men were subjected to forced steralization to reduce births among Indigenous peoples. The MP tricked into condemning a fake drug called cake has been put in charge of scrutinising drugs policy in the UK Putin says Assad could work with rebels against IS, specifically mentioning the Kurdish forces After massive student protests, South Africa freezes tuition hikes Cycling to Norway Hundreds of migrants have cycled into Norway from Russia after finding a new route into Europe that avoids the deadly Mediterranean crossing. Germany arrests suspected antirefugee plotters German officials have arrested three farright extremists and seized explosive material that could be used in attacks on migrants. The authorities say rightwing groups plan to intensify their antirefugee violence Stun grenades and water cannons used on South African university students, as tuition protests continue around the country The Obama administration is cutting aid to the Palestinians by $80 million in an apparent message to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. Refugees 'look like an army', says Hungarian PM Viktor Orban Rightwing leader says the flow of people consists of economic migrants and fighters along with refugees as Hungary offers trains for people to return to Turkey The World Health Organisation is reportedly planning to declare that bacon, sausages and other processed meat cause cancer. Red meat is also expected to be listed as being probably carcinogenic to humans. 47 Percent of Nigerians Don't Wash Their Hands With Soap After Defecation, UNICEF Finds Greece has seen a record 48,000 migrants and refugees land on its shores in the space of just five days, the International Organization for Migration said on Friday. 2015 Likely to Be Hottest Year Ever Recorded Human trafficking crackdown on sex trade across Canada yields 47 people charged Canada's move to legalize marijuana would be the most highprofile rebuke of international drug treaties to date, exposing a huge hole in the treaties, making more nations comfortable with the idea of legalization. WikiLeaks obtains CIA chief's hacked emails, says will publish them 'shortly' Mexico supreme court to discuss legalizing recreational marijuana Iceland does what the US wont 26 top bankers sent to prison for role in financial crisis Astronomers announced today that they have spotted a large, rocky object disintegrating in its death spiral around a distant white dwarf star. This is something no human has seen before, says lead author Andrew Vanderburg. We're watching a solar system get destroyed. Egyptian Facebook User Sentenced to Three Years in Prison for Putting Mickey Mouse Ears on Sisi U.S. soldier killed during special ops hostage rescue in Iraq The Chinese Communist Party has banned all 88 million of its members from joining golf clubs, in its latest update of party discipline rules. Extravagant eating and drinking, and abuse of power, are also formally banned, said Xinhua news agency. Hiker Discovers Viking Sword in NorwayA hiker sits down to rest finds 1,200yrold sword in very good condition, missing only its grip. When the snow has gone, we will check where the sword was found. If we find several objects, or a tomb, perhaps we can find the story behind the sword. Justin Trudeaus first move as prime minister is to take Canada out of the fight against the Islamic State. Canada dumps $135 Million Jet Ai Weiwei accuses David Cameron of sacrificing UK's human rights record for Chinese cash Syria has warned Qatar of a harsh response after Doha threatened that it may intervene militarily in the Arab country.On Wednesday, the Qatari foreign minister said his country would consider launching a military intervention against the Syrian government with our Saudi and Turkish brothers. U.S. to Iraq If Russia helps you fight ISIS, we can't Europe failing to stop illegal logging, report warns  Plan to tackle $100bn trade in illegal timber is poorly designed, badly managed & ineffective. Illegal logging thought responsible for 1/5 of manmade greenhouse emissions  more than worlds ships, planes, trains & cars combined. Mass graves of ISIS fighters found by Iraqi Army Singapore Megachurch Founder Guilty of Pilfering $36 Million to Bankroll Wife's Pop Music Career Spanish unemployment falls to 21.2% In a landmark study, scientists at the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands reported they have conducted an experiment they say proves one of the most fundamental claims of quantum theory  that objects separated by great distance can instantaneously affect each others behavior. Three Syrian hospitals bombed since Russian airstrikes began, doctors say Canadian Liberals map swift overhaul of antiterror law. The Weight is Over, The Kilogram is Settled Global temperatures are running far above last years recordsetting level, all but guaranteeing that 2015 will be the hottest year in the historical record  and undermining political claims that global warming had somehow stopped. Russia is pushing for early presidential elections in Syria that may give President Bashar alAssad a fresh mandate, hardening opposition to demands for his ouster from the U.S. and its allies. Russian official called out after image of terrorist turns out to be from Harold & Kumar