 Abortion a bigger problem than joblessness, says Catholic Church. Bishop warns of UNESCO plan to make half the world population homosexual  'Slavelike conditions' on Swedish army base in Afghanistan, kitchen staff at the Swedish military base in Afghanistan have been working under slavelike conditions, being forced to pay for employment. Israel said on Saturday that it will respond to cyberattacks in the same way it responds to violent terrorist acts, by striking back with force against hackers who threaten the Jewish state.
 Iranian government thanks U.S. for rescue of fisherman held captive by Somali pirates. Brazils Insidious New Pregnancy Registration Law Violates the Privacy of Women '...a Ceauesculike law requiring all pregnant women to register their pregnancies with the state.' Tiger Skins & Bones Seized in Thai Customs Swoop  
Officials found 4 boxes of tiger parts worth tens of thousands of dollars in the post, believed to be destined for China.  The way they processed these tigers, I think they were meant for furniture or decoration. In Africa, using ants and termites to increase crop yields Researchers are confirming what African farmers already know Termites and ants can be used to increase soil fertility and crop yields A large Russian naval flotilla led by an aircraft carrier has docked in the Syrian port of Tartus in what Damascus state media hailed as a show of solidarity by close ally Moscow Pirate Bay founder Peter Sunde reveals that the words of an MPAA lawyer several years ago inspired the creation of the the Missionary Church of Kopimism. But a Catholic bishop has labeled it farcical since it has no God Venezuela Will Not Recognize World Bank Ruling in Exxon Case Western Oil Firms Remain as US Exits Iraq The end of the US military occupation does not mean Iraqis have full control of their oil Is China's rise going to lead to conflict with America? Statecontrolled Global Times newspaper China needs to enhance its longdistance military attack ability and develop more ways to threaten US territory in order to gradually push outward the front line of its 'game' with America Israel Charges 5 Settlers in West Bank Base Clash The indictment was the first sign of a crackdown on settlers whose provocative actions have been described by some Israeli officials as homegrown terrorism Karachi boys punch their way out of violence Teenagers living in slums turn to sport in bid to avoid cycle of drugs and violence in Pakistani city  
Stricken New Zealand cargo ship breaks apart Inside Turkmenistan's Surreal Presidential Election Germany once admired British workmanship  but that was a long time ago Over the North Sea lies the richest country in Europe, its success built on the manufacturing industry that Britain has spurned Thousands of email addresses and encrypted passwords, including those of defence, intelligence and police officials as well as politicians and Nato advisers, have been revealed on the internet following a security breach by Anonymous.  Thousands massacred as two tribes go to war in South SudanUN peacekeepers tell residents to flee as raiders approach Haiti 2 Years Later Half A Million Still In Camps Arab League demands Syria to stop violence Syria sniper shot high when officers ordered him to kill   Syrian snipers have killed hundreds of protesters during the tenmonth uprising against President Bashar alAssad. Police find 5 severed heads in northern Mexico Japanese Coastguard Detains three Sea Shepherd Activists Iran welcomes U.S. rescue of Iranian fishermen Over Half of Germany's Renewable Energy Owned by Citizens & Farmers, Not Utility Companies Stephen Hawking, unable to deliver 70th birthday speech. Extremist Jews prevent women from voting in Israel Indigenous Amazonian Child Burned to Death by Loggers  
It was just pure evilness. She is from another tribe, they live in the woods, & have no contact with white people, said one witness. Workers at a Hyundai Motor engine factory have suspended production there after an employee set himself on fire to protest the company's alleged suppression of union activities RIM, Nokia and Apple added backdoors to their mobile software which the Indian Military's intelligence service then used to spy on the USChina Economic and Security Review Commission. The backdoors were added in exchange for Indian market presence Haiti 2 years later Half a million still in camps Iran death sentence for 'CIA spy' Amir Mirzai Hekmati 'OCCUPY NIGERIA' Huge Strike Brewing As President Moves To End Fuel Subsidies The Pirate Bay Shows Futility of Domain and DNS Blocks In Oct 2011, a court in Finland ordered an ISP to block The Pirate Bay to stop copyright infringement among its subscribers. Today, the blockade took effect... China is planning a military base in Pakistan, India Today reported, citing a secret report prepared by the government's joint intelligence committee.
 8 Mighty Rivers Run Dry from Overuse Body of selfimmolated Tibetan monk 'publicly paraded' in China Picasso and Mondrian paintings stolen from the National Gallery in Athens, Greece. Japan embassy firebombed in Seoul Irans President Reaches Venezuela in his Latin American Tour Want another sign of just how bad Greece's economy is?  Its agricultural industry is growing.  Seoul Searching  Germans Give Pep Talks on Korean Unification  Currently, a delegate of veteran German politicians  from the former east and west  are advising the government in Seoul on how the country might reunify if the opportunity arises in the future. Malaysian court finds opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim not guilty of sodomy. Israeli court indicts 5 rightwing extremists  CNN.com Iran sentences American man to death in CIA case  Yahoo! News After the final round in Egypt's elections, the Muslim Brotherhood is set to get 41% of the seats, the Salafis 20%, and the three main liberal parties 20% together.  Former Mubarak loyalists got 4%, and most of the rest goes to independents. Danish warship captures suspected pirate mothership, frees 14 Pakistani and Iranian hostages and arrests 25 pirates. Grim Toll As Cocaine Trade Expands in Honduras  A new UN report shows Honduras to have the highest murder rate in the world. With Mexico's drug cartels looking for new routes to the U.S. market, the grim toll in Honduras is likely to get worse. India on Track to Be Declared PolioFree Next Month New law in India would try teens as adults for rape, murder Colombia legalizes medical marijuana Anonymous has declared cyberwar on Turkey ''Turkey is supporting Daesh [ISIS] by buying oil from them, and hospitalizing their fighters. We wont accept that Erdoan, the leader of Turkey, will help [ISIS] any longer, Research reveals five major banks, JP Morgan, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank, Nomura and Morgan Stanley, paid no UK corporation tax in 2014 Terror attack foiled in French region of Orleans New Zealand Judge rules Kim Dotcom can be extradited to US German court ruling you can force your ex lover to destroy your naked photos The Pirate Bay CoFounder Makes Kopimashin Music Piracy Device,Device creates $10m daily music loss Kenya Muslim Women gave hijabs to Christians as Muslim men confronted gunmen, witness says More Than Exxon Big Oil Companies for Years Shared Damning Climate Research  New investigative reporting exposes a task force headed by the American Petroleum Institute also knew about global warming since the 1970's North Korea Blasts Canada for 'Daring to Pick a Quarrel' Over Life Sentence of Pastor Africa Zambia pardons singer who raped 14 year old  makes him ambassador against sexual violence Jordan rejects Hamas leader's request to visit, calling him 'unwelcome' in the kingdom US Intercepts CyanideLaced Chinese Pharmaceuticals  FDA Russian bombing kills 70 Civilians on Sunday. Air pollution in India now worse than China Saudi Arabia 'jails reformist writer Zuhair Kutbi'A Saudi writer who has called for political reform is reported to have been sentenced to four years in prison. Ginger extremist who fantasized about killing Prince Charles so Harry could be king detained indefinitely Germany withdraws Patriot missile defense systems from Turkey Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill letting Federal Security Service (FSB) officers shoot at crowds, as well as at women and children under certain conditions. Hamas leader expelled from Turkey Twentythree companies fined for causing forest fires leading to Indonesia haze Twentythree companies have been fined or had licenses revoked after causing forest fires that spread thick haze across Southeast Asia. The Indonesian government said it was still investigating scores of other firms Miss Iraq pageant held for first time in 43 years Sex tape row German court orders man to destroy naked images Brazilian president rejects settler leader as Israeli envoy SpaceXs Falcon 9 rocket successfully lands upright. Drunk people account for 70% of weekend emergency room visits in UK city New ruling means US big game hunters won't be able to bring home African lion parts as trophies Zimbabwe to make Chinese yuan legal currency after Beijing cancels debts. Qatar Rejects 7,000 workers have died on 2022 tournament projects despite trade union allegations of modern slavery ISIS beheads ten of its own militants for escaping battlefield in Mosul Six U.S. troops killed outside U.S. airbase by suicide bomber on a motorcycle ISIL Leaders Mobile Phone Shows Turkeys Support Researchers Solve Juniper Backdoor Mystery; Signs Point to NSA Greece Parliament votes and approves recognition of Palestine as a state 'Almost too late' fears of global superbug crisis in wake of antibiotic misuse In leaked tape, exArgentine FM says Iran bombed Jewish center Bacteria that resist the antibiotic of last resort  colistin  have been discovered in the UK. Islamic State chief Baghdadi claims he's global leader of Muslims; Pakistan's Taliban says no Ford, Google to build selfdriving cars together Japan to install antiaircraft and antiship missile batteries on 200 islands in East China Sea to check Beijing's influence One of World's Largest Coal Ports Approved for Great Barrier Reef area Sky switches on 'porn filter' by default. Broadband giant Sky will block adult content by default for all new customers, the company has announced. Apple warns UK surveillance bill would 'spark serious international conflicts' Hungary accuses Austria of 'stupidity' in refugee crisis Iraqi army to start attack on ISISheld Ramadi city in coming hours Commander Toshiba cuts 7,800 jobs following accounting scandal Paris attacks suspect 'got past three police checks' A Syrian artist who was accused of being an opposition activist and tortured in a detention centre has drawn pictures of his experiences  and described how he became numb to death, as dead bodies were piled up in the cell he shared with dozens of other naked prisoners. Boko Haram Forces More Than 1 Million Kids Out of School Scotland to offer gay Ugandans asylum Jamaica will decriminalise possession of small amounts of marijuana this year Ukraine says it has repelled Russian invasion and has retaken territory seized by Russians earlier. An official has said that Ukraine repelled a combination of Russian soldiers and proKremlin militias the country continues to appeal to the West for protection against Russia. Monsanto's Roundup may be linked to fatal kidney disease. A heretofore inexplicable fatal, chronic kidney disease that has affected poor farming regions around the globe may be linked to the use of biochemical giant Monsantos Roundup herbicide in areas with hard water. The World Bank has postponed a $90 million loan to Uganda over its antigay law that has drawn widespread criticism from Western governments, the United Nations and rights groups A man who beheaded a fellow passenger on a Canadian bus has been granted the right to leave his mental hospital without an escort. Ukraine's interior minister says Russian military have seized airport in Sevastopol. Worlds biggest cyber attack detected. 360 million accounts detected , 1.25 billion email addresses hacked. UK welfare cuts woman in a coma told get back to work by the Department for Work and Pensions Russia forces block Crimea airport, Ukraine's interior minister calls their presence armed invasion Russia gives all its gold medalists $120,000, a new Mercedes Chinese police have arrested 1,094 people and rescued hundreds of infants in a crackdown on baby trafficking. Pastor of Korean Megachurch Convicted for Embezzling $12 Million Police to press charges against vice president of the European Parliament who reportedly drunk two bottles of wine before yelling Heil Hitler at officials in German airport New Zealand's Customs Service are concerned people will use 3D printers to create gold, gems, food or drugs in their living rooms. Sevastopol airport in Ukraine taken over by armed men Fugitive Ukrainian president shows up in Moscow Russia is building a rural Berlin wall in Georgia. The wall separates South Ossetia from Georgia, and Russian forces are detaining Georgian citizens who near the wall. Turkish PM admits that the trials he used to jail military officers were a sham, now that the same courts are targeting him Doctors Without Borders says it has been expelled from Myanmar, thousands of patients at risk Wild beavers seen in England for first time in centuries | Environment Confusion over Uganda's 'miniskirt ban' leads to public attacks on women  Mobs are taking an interpretation of the proposed law as an excuse to target and strip people they consider to be improperly dressed. Unidentified armed men seize Crimea airport Report U.K. Spy Agency Stored Millions of Webcam Images. Many of them were sexually explicit in nature. Leaks show GCHQ captured ordinary internet users webcam images Russia Says It Will Keep Out of Ukrainian Affairs Ukraine protester falls for policeman at barricades, offered live TV interview about romance, instead rants about corruption in the TV station and shames them with pictures of her dead friends. It is true that I fell in love with the policeman that I met, but I'm going to tell you another story... Was Apple security flaw actually an NSA backdoor? Turkish main opposition convenes over Erdoan's voice recording regarding $1 billion cash stored in several properties of Erdoan family. Mt. Gox is dead Rumors swirl over insolvency of Japanbased Bitcoin exchange as leaked documents show $375 million worth of Bitcoin was stolen from cold storage accounts HSBC hands allowances to hundreds of bankers to avoid EU bonus cap | Britain's biggest bank awards staff 'fixed pay allowances' to sidestep restriction on bonuses imposed by Brussels. Pirate Bay teams up with Swedens Lund University and becomes Research Bay UK The family of a soldier who was found hanged after claiming she had been raped and bullied have said they fear a possible coverup by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) after about 1400 new documents emerged on the day the inquest into her death was due to conclude. Brazil, Europe plan undersea cable to skirt U.S. spying The NSA Has Set Up Shop at the US Embassy in Mexico China banned outdoor school sports and cookouts as it grappled with a fourth straight day of thick, choking smog, a pollution problem that a recent report says makes Beijing barely suitable for living Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox disappears. Website down, it's founder unaccounted for, and a Tokyo office empty Mass arrest of protesters at rallies in Russia Ukraine votes to send Yanukovych to The Hague to face trial Iraq signs arms deal with Iran  Deal to buy arms and ammunition worth $195m violates UN arms embargo on Iran, Reuters news agency says Turkish opposition calls for Erdogan to be investigated for corruption Brunei 19 Islamic words banned for nonMuslims Seven Egyptian Christians found dead near Benghazi Developing Israel shells Hezbollah post in east Lebanon Biggest meteor ever recorded hits Moon (VIDEO) After antigay law is signed, Uganda tabloid publishes list of the country's 'top' homosexuals Rebekah Brooks 'did not know hacking was illegal' Erdogan Resignation Demanded by Turkish Opposition Over Tape Yanukovych was planning harsh clampdown, leak reveals Australian Federal Election Fraud. Police investigate multiple votes in 2013 federal election; one person voted 15 times. The Egyptian government has resigned. President Yoweri Museveni has signed the Ugnada antigay bill. The new law punishes firsttime offenders with 14 years in jail, and allows life imprisonment as the penalty for acts of aggravated homosexuality. The law makes it a crime not to report gay people. Venezuela how photos get manipulated. This article provides graphic evidence of how some postings on social and other media have reproduced images culled from elsewhere and portrayed them as depicting events in Venezuela... Russia advises U.S. to watch its own use of force  Interfax Japanese company proposes to build solar power cells on the Moon to provide clean energy to Earth. ExVenezuelan general in armed standoff at home Australian gem is 'oldest piece of Earth ever found'  and shows life could have formed on our planet earlier than anyone thought possible Venezuelas central bank said yesterday that the scarcity index reached 28 percent in January, the highest since the central bank created the measure in 2005, meaning that more than one in four basic goods was out of stock at any given time. Two suicide bombers killed a senior alQaida operative, blowing themselves up inside the militant leader's compound in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo New Zealand set to raise minimum wage 50c to $14.25/hour from April 1 Sochi Olympic end. Russia takes the most medals Hospital records of all NHS patients sold to insurers Diplomats fear Australia will wreck UN probe into Sri Lankan war crimes Retired Venezuelan general to be arrested following decapitation of motorist at opposition blockade U.S. imposes visa bans against 20 Ukrainian officials Pakistan minister offers Taliban cricket match for peace China Must Reduce Unbearable Smog, Government Adviser Says American inmate killed after shooting guards in Israeli prison. Taliban Attack Afghan Army Base, Killing Soldiers in Their Sleep George Brandis refuses to back up claim that Snowden put lives at risk | Attorney general says he is aware of particular cases on the basis of intelligence briefings but will not reveal the information Sanctioning Iranians' health  Before the sanctions reached their full impact over the past two years, the Iranian healthcare system was long considered one of the most advanced in the Middle East, with health standards among the highest in the developing world. Snowflake malfunction Russia makes fun of itself in Sochi closing ceremonies. Mexico hunts for No. 2 after netting cartel boss My playmate the monster The man who saw Kim JongUn from rockstar boyhood to bloodsoaked dictatorship tells his story Majority of Finns reject NATO membership UK spy agency intercepted webcam images of millions of Yahoo users Armed men seize Crimea parliament  reports | World news Taxing the rich is good for the economy, IMF says  Business NASA has discovered 715 New Worlds About $70 billion has been withdrawn from Ukraine's financial system over the last three years. North Korea launches missiles into sea Boko Haram attacked a school in Nigeria, setting it ablaze and murdering those who tried to escape the flames. Ukraine Former President Yanukovych reportedly found in Russia Russian jets put on combat alert along western border Royal Bank of Scotland pays out 588m in staff bonuses despite suffering 8.24bn loss Japan says any bitcoin regulation should be international. Turkeys main opposition took to the streets...in protest against the latest leaked voice recordings incriminating Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoan and his son...The recordings feature Erdoan and his son discussing how to get rid of a sum of cash equivalent to 2.2 billion Turkish Liras. Russia says it will defend the rights of its 'compatriots' in Crimea after proRussia gunmen seize parliament ISIS imposes rules on Christians in Raqqa A jihadist group in Syria has demanded that Christians in the northern city of Raqqa pay a levy in gold and accept curbs on their faith, or face death. ISIS said it would give Christian residents protection if they agreed to the list of conditions. Turkish Prime Minister targeted in second audio tape  A second recording, presented as the voice of Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan asking his son not to accept an amount of money on offer in a business deal but to hold out for more, was published on YouTube by an anonymous poster on Wednesday Qatar's foreign domestic workers subjected to slavelike conditions Lee Rigby murderers sentenced to life in prison | Michael Adebolajo has been sentenced to life in prison for the killing of Drummer Lee Rigby while Michael Adebowale was sentenced to life, with a minimum of 45 years. Turkey calls out Canada on human rights over Quebec secular charter Militias form in Crimea, Ukraines Russian bastion Syrian troops reportedly kill more than 150 Al Qaedalinked rebels Ontario Liberals are thinking about letting cities ditch firstpastthepost voting North Korea fires four shortrange missiles into Sea off the Coast of South Korea George Brandis refuses to back up claim that Snowden put lives at risk | Attorney general says he is aware of particular cases on the basis of intelligence briefings but will not reveal the information Slovenian journalist Anushka Delic indicted for revealing government connections to neonazi group Amongst 715 new planets discovered by NASA today, there are a few that may lie in zones habitable by humans New Snowden Doc Reveals How GCHQ/NSA Use The Internet To 'Manipulate, Deceive And Destroy Reputations' of activists. An Italian woman with cancer is suing health authorities after she was subjected to grueling radiotherapy 22 times  on the wrong breast Switzerland could soon have the world's highest minimum wage  at $24.80 per hour, or $4,505 a month. China's air pollution has reached the level of a nuclear winter, with even crops and agriculture facing problems. Beijing's pollution concentration is at 505 micrograms, 20 times the World Health limit. The Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences says that the city is uninhabitable for human beings. Norway, Denmark, Netherlands halt millions of dollars in aid to Uganda Bush cyberczar NSA created the potential for a police state IMF study finds inequality is damaging to economic growth The International Monetary Fund has backed economists who argue that inequality is a drag on growth in a discussion paper that has also dismissed rightwing theories that efforts to redistribute incomes are selfdefeating. UK shells out over $8m to monitor Julian Assange  RT News Brazil champions undersea cable to bypass US Tepco Says Fukushima Radiation Significantly Undercounted Ugandan Minister for Ethics & Integrity says men raping girls is natural Scale of suffering at Syrian refugee camp is revealed by photo of huge queue for food Greek police enter schools, quiz children on political activities Ukraine's new rulers disband riot police Israel Guilty of 'Apartheid', Says Falk in Final Report Soviet monument in Bulgaria vandalized...again Couple finds $10million in gold coins while walking their dog Spanish Flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66 White House Clears Way For Complete Withdrawal From Afghanistan Geoengineering side effects could be potentially disastrous, research shows. Comparison of five proposed methods shows they are ineffective, alter weather systems or could not be safely stopped. Former Hong Kong Newspaper Editor Kevin Lau, who investigated the offshore companies maintained by mainland officials, Stabbed 'Outernet' Project Seeks Free Internet Access For Earth  Discovery News Killer climate tens of thousands of flying foxes dead in a day. This summer we have seen one of the most dramatic animal dieoffs ever recorded in Australia at least 45,500 flying foxes dead on just one extremely hot day in southeast Queensland World begins 2014 with unusual number of extreme weather events. Next month we will publish a major report showing the likelihood of extreme heatwaves is increased 500% [with climate change]. 'A Perfect Storm' The Failure of Venezuela's New President  He was handpicked by Hugo Chvez, but Nicols Maduro has lost control of the country's economy. Vast protests are the result, but the govt in Caracas shows no signs of bending. Ukrainian Skier Pulls Out of Olympics To Join Protestors In Kiev Polish minister warns protest leader 'you'll all be dead.' The Polish foreign minister has been filmed telling a protest leader If you don't support this [deal] you'll have martial law, you'll have the army. You will all be dead. Footage captured of clearly marked medic being shot by police snipers in Kiev. The People Have Won Ukraine President Yanukovych calls early vote Footage of the massacre in Kiev, Ukraine today from Twitter (new images every 15 minutes, video of snipers) Venezuela threatens to expel CNN over protest coverage US investigates illegal military equipment shipments from Israel to Iran US Homeland Security says Israeli arms dealers have been sending spare military jet parts to Iran in breach of sanctions EU to impose sanctions on Ukrainian officials responsible for killings in Kiev Kyiv sees deadliest day in 3 months of protests Medic says at least 70 killed, 500 wounded Russia is prepared to fight a war over the Ukrainian territory of Crimea to protect the ethnic Russian population and its military base there, a senior government official has told the FT. Ukrainian parliament voted for ceasefire, the return of police to their bases and prohibited gun use. South Korea has announced it is developing offensive cyberwarfare capabilities to cripple North Korea's nuclear and missile facilities. Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych's Allies Start Deserting Him Venezuela's poor join protests as turmoil grips Chvez's revolution  This country can't stay like this for much longer. If it's not lack of food, it is the fear of being killed when you step out of your house to go to work, Jorge Farias said. I would like to wake up without this fear, Sticky Post Ukraine & Venezuela While protests rage in Ukraine and Venezuela, they are also occurring in Bosnia Ukraines parliament just threw President Yanukovych under the bus. Thats great news. Libyan rape victims of Gadaffi forces to be recognized as war victims, receive compensation like that of wounded exsoldiers No Protester Is Safe From Snipers Or AK47s In Ukraine (GRAPHIC VIDEO) President Yanukovich announces Ukraine to hold early Presidential election Canada joins EU in slapping sanctions on Ukraine as death toll rises in Kyiv Ukraine president says deal has been reached to end days of bloodshed The Ukrainian President has agreed to hold early elections, and to the formation of a national unity government, according to the Polish Prime Minister, following talks earlier today. Tough austerity measures in Greece leave nearly a million people with no access to healthcare, leading to soaring infant mortality, HIV infection and suicide Chinese government officials have quietly become more sceptical about foreign banks' research reports and are avoiding senior economists at global banks, partly because of growing mutual distrust over the scale and seriousness of the country's debt problems. Ukraine Video of police shooting AK47 and sniper rifles at people 600 year old Voynich manuscript partially decoded by University of Bedfordshire professor 22yearold student dies from bullet wound after being shot in the head during a protest, 5th fatality of unrest in Venezuela Keystone Pipeline struck down by Nebraska Judge Truce crumbles amid gunfire in Ukraine that kills 21 Iraq offers $17,200 reward for killing jihadists Iraq's government has offered a reward of $17,200 for each foreign militant killed from alQaeda or ISIS, a former affiliate. A larger reward of $25,800 is being offered for the capture of militants belonging to the two groups. CNN cameras taken at gunpoint in Venezuela The Russian government evicted 2,000 people out of their homes to build a $9 billion highway just for the Olympics. Further investigation found Russian did not systematically implement a fair and transparent process to repay them. Wild bumblebees worldwide are in trouble, likely contracting deadly diseases from their commercialized honeybee cousins, a new study shows. New highly radioactive leak at Japan's Fukushima plant. A hobby archaeologist with a metal detector has discovered a trove of gold and silver in a German forest dating back to late Roman times, fuelling speculation that it could be the legendary Nibelung treasure which inspired composer Richard Wagners operatic Ring Cycle. Brazilian Senate will discuss the legalization of Cannabis. Bill to legalize medical marijuana proposed in Mexico North and South Koreans hold rare family reunions Women join the Kurdish fight in Syria Syrian Kurds are fighting for an autonomous region in the northeast of the country. They have largely managed to drive out Assad's troops. Now they're fighting AlQaeda terrorists. A third of the fighters are women. Nigerian Mafia running wild in Japan. Brokering heroin sales with yakuza members, forcing Filipino women into prostitution, performing money laundering, committing car theft and arranging fake marriages are among the common illegal schemes Food Scam Tons of Fake Food, Drinks Seized in Interpol Bust  Environmental offenses were uncovered as over 1,200 metric tons of fake or substandard food & nearly 430,000 liters of counterfeit drinks seized across Europe, Asia, & the Americas. After highly likely bugging uncovered at the Irish police oversight office, things keep getting stranger. Justice Minister, implicated by recorded conversation in trying to silence police whistleblowers, sacks his own appointee and associate. China training for short, sharp war, says senior US naval officer US investigates illegal military equipment shipments from Israel to Iran China To Spend $330 Billion On Cleaning Up Polluted Water Report Deadly drone strike in Yemen failed to comply with Obamas rules to protect civilians  The Washington Post A German professor at a top Swiss university has quit over rampant 'xenophobia' in his host country Mexico lawmakers introduce marijuana legalization bill [xpost /r/LegalNews] Nigeria's central bank governor Lamido Sanusi has been suspended after he alleged that $20bn (12bn) in oil revenue had gone missing. Mexico's biggest drug Lord Joaquin el chapo Guzman has been captured. Turkish citizens say no to internet censorship and take streets in protest Reuters NSA now bugging 320 German officials in place of Merkel  including Merkel's most trusted confidant  after Obama promised to stop monitoring Merkel. NSA Affair Constitutional Court President Had Strong Words for the US  How can one criticize the human rights situation in China or the Turkish governments measures to restrict Internet usage, when basic civil rights are being disregarded in such a manner in the U.S.? asked Holzinger Ukraine sticky post Call To Make Drinking While Pregnant A Crime Yanukovich Attempts To Flee Ukraine But Is Stopped By Border Guards U.S. now bugging German ministers in place of Merkel report Canadian journalist disappears from Hotel in Cambodia while filming documentary on Khmer Rouge. Beijing Air Pollution Reaches 11Times WHO Recommended Levels Venezuela orders troops into border city amid fierce clashes Paratroopers sent into San Cristobal in the border state of Tachira and an internet blackout imposed, as residents say they are living in a 'war zone' Germany Embraces Creation of European Data Networks as Shield from NSA Dont panic. But theres a global coffee shortage. Iceland moves to withdraw EU application The Saudi gov't/family is about to hire the Binladen Group to destroy the house Muhammad was born in to build a palace for members of the royal family. President Yanukovych`s house Leaders in Russianspeaking east Ukraine vote to take control of their areas Smog is the best defense against laser weapons from the US, Chinese theorist says Shanghaiist Pakistani jet fighters and helicopter gunships kill more than 40 militants in two days of intense bombardment Australians hold vigils across the country for slain asylum seeker killed while in custody in 'Australia's Guantanamo'. Ukrainian parliament appoints speaker Oleksander Turchinov as interim president Ukraine Yulia Tymoshenko released as country lurches towards split Russia Pledges to Fight for Crimea if Ukraine Splits Brazilian Chancellor to the USA identified in a report sent to the State Department in 2012 as a financial component of the Sinaloa Cartel 'You have removed this cancer from our country' Ukraine former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko addresses protesters in Independence Square after release from prison Ukrainian protestors have gained control over the presidential building. President is on the run Venezuela Shuts Off the Internet After Blocking Twitter and Preventing News Organizations from Covering the Protests University of the People, a tuitionfree online university targeted toward the world's poor, has received accreditation to award real degrees Men banned from becoming Queen of England or a Princess, as gay marriage approaches in UK. Five former Guantanamo detainees from Turkey, Uzbekistan and Algeria, who are now settled in other countries, are seeking damages in a US appeals court for years of sexual, mental and physical abuse at the US detention centre, where they were held without charge or trial. Ukraine's president says he won't resign and likens country's political crisis to Nazis' rise. Venezuela revokes visas of CNN journalists for spreading war propaganda The Croatian Catholic Church has found one of its priests guilty of sexually abusing minors, the first such ruling in the staunchly Catholic nation Manitoba becomes first province in Canada and only jurisdiction in North America to declare Hell's Angels a criminal organization. Ukraine Protesters remain occupying Kyiv Square, cautious of how truthfully Yanukovych and the Ukrainian Gov. will honor the deal signed earlier yesterday to make major reforms. Policemen join the protesters instead of fighting them. Live former Ukrainian PM Yulia Tymoshenko to be freed U.S. Official Beijing Preparing For 'Short, Sharp' War With Japan Sochi Games hit by first doping shock  A German double goldmedal winning female biathlete has failed a doping test Ukrainian parliament introduced bill to impeach president Yanukovich Young Ukrainian who tweeted, I am dying, has become symbol of protest About 4,000 people deported from US are stuck in noman's land between border and Tijuana, unwanted by US or Mexico. The Ukraine sticky post Whistle Blowers Protection Bill passed by the Indian Parliament NAFTA leaders agree to protect monarch butterfly New Iranian newspaper shutdown after questioning Islamic legal principles The Council voted to dismiss Yanukovych and announced elections for May 25! Britain's bank bosses to get millions in share payments in bonus cap dodge | Payments would be on top of bank leaders' basic pay in a move to circumvent EU's limits on bonuses. Ukrainian protesters claim full control of capital amid reports president has left Kyiv Reports that Yanukovych has resigned and fled Ukraine. Lithuania opens CIA black site probe German govt  unexpectedly offers Paris concrete support as French troops battle Islamist extremists in Mali   Though ruling out a combat role, Germany's military will provide transport & medical assistance. Man acquitted of rape and murder of a 9 year old girl, rapes and murders a 9yearold girl after being freed from jail Polio in India How the Country Beat the Disease  A sprawling country with a massive population pulled off one of the greatest publichealth coups in history Mass rape, amputations and killings  why families are fleeing terror in Mali  Denmark aids France in Mali conflict Air pollution in Beijing goes off the index, reaching levels 25 times as large as the acceptable level. Iran unable to get lifesaving drugs due to international sanctions. Western measures targeting Tehran's nuclear programme have impeded trade of medicines for illnesses such as cancer. Doctors euthanize Belgian twins who said they could not bear the thought of going blind Children and elderly people in Beijing are urged to stay indoors as instruments measuring pollution break all records. Japan Ups Defense of Disputed Islands  
Will deploy 3 more patrol ships to boost its defense of the Senkaku islands at the center of a territorial row with China Deaf twins who discovered they were going blind and would never see each other again are euthanized in Belgian hospital Decriminalise drugs, inquiry by crossparty peers says Egyptian man urinates into Eternal Flame in Russia's Volgograd  India's army chief turns up heat on Pakistan, says can retaliate Japan is breaking from economic orthodoxy with interesting results 'Shame on the scum!' 20,000 furious Russians march in protest of adoption ban for American parents Israeli premier says hell move ahead with Jewish settlement seen as blow to Palestinian state  Syrian refugees in Lebanon and Jordan are reporting gang rapes, other sexual violence as reasons for fleeing Syria, International Rescue Committee says. France receives help from U.S., Britain as it ramps up airstrikes against Islamic rebels in Mali Goldman Sachs will use a tax delay on bonuses for when the top tax rate falls. Delaying the bonuses cost the UK government  16 billion in 2010. Austria politician Strasser guilty in bribery trial Is WTO about to abandon dream of global free trade? French Widen Bombing Campaign, Hit Central Mali Mali crisis militants killed as French fighter jets pound rebel camps Beijing Authorities Starts Emergency Plan to Curb Emissions as Air Pollution Hits Record Level  Will shut down polluting manufacturers &  curb govt car use. 54 highemission manufacturers have been ordered to reduce 30% of their pollutant discharges. Anonymous takes credit for massive cyberattack on Turkey. The attack left more than 400,000 websites down in Turkey. The government eventually had to cut off all foreign Internet traffic coming to .tr websites, the domain for Turkey, to mitigate the assault U.S. Pours Millions Into Fighting Poachers in South Africa  The Obama administration is stepping up efforts here to combat wildlife poaching, an expanding criminal enterprise in South Africa that has driven several animal species toward extinction and fueled the growth of international gangs. Breakaway Muslim rebels kill nine people in southern Philippines on Christmas eve ISIS allows taking organs from a living captive to save a Muslim's life Scientists have developed a new reusable polymer that can remove pollutants from flowing water within seconds, just like air fresheners trap invisible air pollutants in the home and remove unwanted odours. Chile is carrying out a feasibility study for the construction of a permanent pier at one of its bases in Antarctica. The move, being explored by the Ministry of Public Works, would facilitate access to the farflung area for both scientists and tourists. The IMF has taken Russia's side and recognized Ukraine's debt as sovereign, meaning Kiev would have to declare default if unable to pay. French Protesters ransack Muslim prayer hall Putin steps up military presence in Arctic in claim for region's oil Japan says armed Chinese vessel enters Japan waters Rome plagued by starlings China 'expels' French journalist over Uighur article Iran shocked by high casualty rate, pulling elite forces out of Syria Russian Intelligence Spots, Destroys Oil Tankers on IraqTurkey Border Record number of gold coins found in 2,000yrold Chinese tomb Bangladesh signs $12.65 billion deal with Russia for nuclear power plants Turkish Internet servers are suffering a powerful cyber attack, slowing banking services and fanning fears that it could be a politically motivated attack from abroad Iran calls on China to step up contribution to antiDaesh fight Earthquake shakes Islamabad, Peshawar measuring 6.9 on richter scale 'German emissions scandal threatens to engulf Mercedes, BMW'...Amidst this new scrutiny, the German government is maintaining a stony silence. In response to a DW request, the Transport Ministry did not offer any other explanation for the test discrepancies. Journalists to be tried for 'insulting Erdoan' Islamic State conflict Iraqi forces push deeper into Ramadi Russian Orthodox church sacks ultraconservative senior priest Father Vsevolod Chaplin, who recently referred to Russian intervention in Syria as a holy war, relieved of his duties Germany's foreign minister says Europe needs to regain control of its borders UK flood warnings Homes evacuated amid heavy rain b'Iranian footballers who wore green armbands to support protesters forced to retire by hardline regime' b'Iranian Clerics Defy Ayatollah, Take to the Streets to Join the Protests' Iranian football stars 'retired' after match protest b'North Korea threatened Wednesday to wipe the United States off the map as Washington and its allies watched for signs the regime will launch a series of missiles in the coming days.' b'Protesters beaten and shot as 10,000 police launch brutal crackdown in Iran' b'Remember the OMG! Fraud in Iran graph that circulated? Well it was propaganda, as the same trend can be found within real time US Election data.' b'The original purpose of the Iraq War finally coming to fruition  Big oil back in Iraq' b'A 17yearold tells the story of his torture in Iran  with photos' b'Riot in China this week overshadowed in media by Iran (scroll down for pics/vid of police clash)' b'It seems to me that if your government is shooting and beating you, you no longer need to worry about your protests being peaceful' b'Drug use should be treated more as an illness than a crime, the head of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime said as he claimed a decline in the production of cocaine and heroin worldwide.' Witnesses report clashes around Iran's parliament, many shouting 'Death to the Dictator!' b'Overnight, Palestinians Livelihood Destroyed by Israeli Settlers' b'They did things that you would not do against animals, let alone to humans, said one former detainee, identifed as Dr. Khandan, while another described having a gun put to his head and being threatened with death.' b'The BNP faces legal action over its apartheidstyle  membership policy that bars membership to black,  Asian and Jewish people' b'Protester shot in Iran, June 24th' b'Ghana Digital EWaste Dumping Ground' b'Detainees Were Also Mudered At Bagram in Afghanistan' b'Iraq to mark U.S. pullback with holiday.  PM calls June 30 withdrawal of American troops from cities a great victory.' What you didn't know about Iran's history, and why it may repeat itself b'REPOST U.S media is ignoring this story. Homeland Security, Air Marshals compromised.   ' b'There is a minority in Israel that is willing to risk life and limb to stand up to the occupation at its core.' b'While you were busy gazing at one dead woman in Iran, the USA killed 83 people in Pakistan.' b'A 1m British Labour Govt. scheme to help failed asylum seekers and their children return home resulted in just one family leaving Britain!' b'UN World Drug Report 2009' Drugs war 'a failure' that bred criminals Australia foreign minister calls for decriminalisation of lowlevel drug use France best, U.S. worst in preventable death ranking North Korea 'preparing to unveil missile capable of striking continental US' Pay to be a waitress A restaurant server has filed a complaint with B.C.'s Employment Standards Branch against a high profile Vancouver restaurant group because management required her to hand over her tips at the end of shifts. Government bill to spy on websites, emails and texts will cost taxpayers 2bn  A 37yearold Palestinian woman has been arrested for defaming President Mahmoud Abbas on her Facebook profile. She is being detained by the Palestinian Authority for two weeks. Former princess of the Ottoman Empire has died  Her grandfather, the last Ottoman Sultan Vahdettin, & all other members of the dynasty were sent into exile in 1924 Greek island of Zakynthos has recently been dubbed the blind island by the Greek press after it emerged that 700 residents were allegedly receiving disability pensions as blind people despite being perfectly sighted. Dutch Law Would Stop Sale of Marijuana to Tourists The United Nations convened on Monday to discuss a topic that isn't usually on their agenda happiness. Throughout the day, speakers at the U.N. put forward their thoughts on how to measure and improve wellbeing around the world. Britains Orwellian war against tweetcrime Irish Priest Accidentally Flashes Gay Porn During First Communion Meeting 'The Governments email and web monitoring plans would potentially be incompatible with the right to privacy of many ordinary people in the UK.'  Equality and Human Rights Commissions James Murdoch steps down as BSkyB chairman  live updates Iran says could hit U.S. if it came under attack paper French Polynesia Acts to Protect its Drinking Water  
Desalination plant will give islanders a reliable, cheaper supply than bottled water, while meters will encourage conservation.  Islanders will be able to buy drinking water for about 6 cents a litre. Islamists push for sharia law in northern Mali Mexico hit by 6.3 magnitude earthquake Uganda's nodding disease 'I've lost hope' A new study puts the amount of Cesium released from Fukushima at about 90% of Chernobyl. To the Victor in Egypt's Presidential Race a terrible economy  The Muslim Brotherhood has fronted a candidate. A former ally of Mubarak may even run. But whoever wins will start with less than half the foreign reserves Egypt had before the revolution. Why Do Bankers Get to Decide Who Pays for Europe's Mess? Argentine president dismisses absurd UK claim to Falklands  In Escalating Drone War, US Targets Yemen Rulers Rivals b'Teenage girls buried alive for trying to choose their own husbands' b'AntiKremlin website owner shot dead in police custody | The Register' b'A Pakistani politician has defended a decision to bury five women alive because they wanted to choose their own husbands.' b'Brits encouraged to spy on their neighbours' b'1984 is Reality in Chinese City with More Than 200,000 Surveillance Cameras' b'Can sound money really bring about peace? Actually, it plays a big part in peaceful international relationships.' David Kelly's closest female confidante on why he COULDN'T have killed himself b'Group Georgia admits to dropping cluster bombs'  Papua hikers find 'World War 2 airman' b'AntiChristian violence Churches burnt in ...? (see if you can guess the place)' b'Al Qaida has free movement in Pakistan, top official concedes' b'Bombing Afghanistan, Afghan President Tells 60 Minutes That Too Many Civilians Are Being Killed  CBS News' b'Happy Ramadan!' b'New Russian world order the five principles' UK Home Office predicts 'anarchy' in leaked memo b'Putin pwns tiger, saves television crew.' b' Invasion of Iran would trigger World War III' Putin, Proving himself to be the manliest PM alive, tranqs tigers. Thinks EU should mind it's own damn business.  b'Putin saves TV crew from Siberian tiger' Eiffel Tower's lights are to go out Possible RussiaIran Alliance to counter 'unfriendly' U.S. moves b'Japan Forced to Pay Damages For Sailors Suicide' b'Holland jumps on the US will bomb Iran bus' NeoNazi forum hacked by German antifascist hackers. Police won't do anything with the information, because the data was gathered illegally b'Mexicos Supreme Court voted to uphold legal abortion in Mexico City' b'We are all extremists now  The government is criminalising legitimate dissent under the guise of fighting 'extremism', a word for which it has no definition.' b'Oh, Canada. When statements are said that God probably does not exist, this is an implied statement of hatred towards all those who do believe that God exists.' b'Giant rat caught in China ' b'Cousin of 9/11 Hijacker Arrested as Israeli Spy' Liberty's death by a thousand cuts. b'LaidOff Foreigners Flee as Dubai Spirals Down' b'Dolphins ask for human help.' b'Grade 4 assignment Imagine you have three spaces in a rocket ship and you have to decide which person to save an Acadian francophone, a Chinese person, a black African, an English person and an aboriginal person.' b'Cousin of 9/11 hijacker arrested spying for Israel' The mystery of Ireland's worst driver b'US congressmen express shock at Gaza devastation' Iraqi shoe thrower's trial begins with cheers b'A woman who had steel plates inserted into her back managed to smuggle a gun and explosives into a maximum security prison to help two inmates escape.' b'Poll Swedes say no bailout for Saab' b'Israel Says It Will Unseal Gaza Only if Soldier Is Freed ' b'Sweden Warns Israeli Taekwondo Team to Stay Home Because 10,000 Muslims Have Threatened to Attack Them.....' b'European cocaine prices dropping like a stone ' b'Zimbabwe starts paying soldiers and other government workers in US dollars' b'The people who stayed here did not immigrate here. This is our country. This state came here and was enforced on the ruins of my nation. Azmi Bishara, an Arab Israeli and former member of the Knesset' b'Israel  Police want to question Israeli extremist and future government minister Lieberman over alleged massive fraud.' b'Sweden accepts exGuantanamo inmate' GM Says It's the End for Saturn Saudi Arabia cabinet reshuffle. Norah alFaiz becomes first female minister. She still can't drive to work, though. AIDS becomes China's deadliest infectious disease b'China concerned after Russia fires on ship' b'Screw You, Ahmadinejad! [pic]' b'Iranian cleric says rioters should be executed' b'New Iran video, protester shot in the head at Baharstan Square.' b'An Australian in North Korea  an unexpected perspective on the rogue state' Everyone's scared. There are stories going around of people arrested just because they were emailing people outside the country about what's happening in Iran, and they frighten people. b'Iranian cleric says rioters should be executed to teach a lesson to the thousands who have protested' Working in Dubai, one man's story of the ugliness and treachery behind the P.R. mask b'Representatives from 80 countries have gathered in Berlin to discuss progress of treaty banning cluster bombs. U.S., Israel, Russia, and China are not in attendance. ' Iran doctor tells of Neda's death b'United Nations Urged to Help Rendition Victim Kidnapped by the CIA in Italy and Tortured in Morroco ' b'Christopher  Hitchens. No pleasing Mullahs, so why  even try?' b'Alcohol blamed for millions of Russian deaths ' b'China argues to replace US dollar' b'Butcher Of The Press To Probe Iran Protesters  Iran's ruling regime has put the country's most feared, hardline prosecutor in charge of interrogating arrested protesters and journalists.' b'The Persian Lioness Iranian Women in History' AEG live is out of pocket to the tune of 300 million as they self insured all 50 of Michael Jackson's UK concerts. b'Jailed Iranian reformists tortured to force them into TV confessions of a foreignled plot against the Islamic regime, and aimed at implicating Mousavi' b'Japan Could Be Offered $290 Million F22' b'Jewish groups and representatives of 49 countries are gathering in Prague for talks on returning art and possessions stolen by the Nazis.' b'Copyfraud Poisoning the public domain How web giants are stealing the future of knowledge (from all of humanity)' Awaiting an End to Injustice Rendition Victim's Wife Speaks About Accountability and Torture (by Nahal Zamani) b'Honduran leader defies top court' b'June 24th footage of the Baharestan protests that left many Mousavi supporters dead (Tehran, Iran)' b'Ireland grants rights to samesex partnerships' In order to fight a movement powered by blogs & Twitter, Iranian gov't offers Lord of the Rings marathon to keep protesters at home Interpol arrests 25 suspected members of Anonymous hackers group James Murdoch Quits as News International Chairman 13 Syrians die attempting to rescue foreign journalists from Homs Nearly 450 Elephants Killed in Cameroon North Korea agrees to stop nuclear enrichment WikiLeaks Russia Gave Israel Codes for Irans TorM1s [missile defense system] in exchange for UAV codes sold to Georgia, Turkey working with Israel to crack S300 missile should Russia sell them to Iran Copyright Legislation (SOPA) signed into law in Ireland today Interpol website suffers 'Anonymous cyberattack'following Interpol's announcement of the arrest of 25 suspected members of the hacking group. Russians head to the polls soon to choose a new president  who will likely be an old president. Vladimir Putin is expected to win reelection relatively easy, but there's growing discontent with him and political corruption in Russia, which has sent thousands into the street in protest Why China's Urbanization Isn't Creating a Middle Class  The nation's infamous twotier classification system prevents rural migrants from rising up in cities. Over the past year eight of the world's top 10 drugmakers  Pfizer Inc, Novartis AG, Merck & Co Inc, Sanofi, AstraZeneca, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Johnson & Johnson and Eli Lilly & Co  have all warned that they may face liabilities related to charges of corruption in numerous overseas markets. The Arctic Keeper of the World's Seeds Turns 4  For its birthday, Svalbard will receive seeds from wartorn Syria & celebrate years of success preserving our inheritance from Neolithic times Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin The Americans are obsessed with the idea of securing absolute invulnerability for themselves, which, incidentally, is a utopia, for both technological and geopolitical reasons. Dictators' wives how the west is wooed by the pretty faces of tyranny. Glamourous lives earn them fawning spreads in magazines like Vogue. But at home they inspire dread, with tales of confiscating people's homes and punishing servants with boiling water.



 James Murdoch resigns as chairman of News International. Employees should consider using strike action to disrupt the Olympics as part of their campaign against the government's spending cuts, the leader of Britain's biggest union has declared Israel shuts down Palestinian TV in raid  CNN.com Egypt Got Ahead of Itself Arresting 'Top Al Qaeda Leader'  arrests the wrong man Anonymous brings down Interpol website in retaliation for the arrest of 25 alleged members. Tens of thousands of students protested education spending cuts in big cities across Spain on Wednesday, and the demonstrations turned violent in Barcelona as angry young adults clashed with police. Japan police raid proNorth Korea group's offices Syrian President Bashar alAssad could be classified as a war criminal, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said as the United Nations announced more than 7,500 civilians had been killed by his forces since the start of the revolt. Interpol said Tuesday that 25 suspected members of the looseknit Anonymous hacker movement have been arrested in a sweep across Europe and South America. How Gogol Explains The PostSoviet World  

Here is a not entirely frivolous suggestion How about skipping the political science textbooks when it comes to trying to understand the former Soviet Union and instead opening up the pages of Gogol, Chekhov, and Dostoyevsky? The Arab League No longer toothless?  CNN.com Guatemala, Colombia, and Mexico are considering the regional legalization of the drug trade Italians welcome a proposal to cut out tax exemptions for the Catholic Church Iran Calls for Negotiations on Treaty Banning Nuclear Weapons  calls nuclear arms production a great sin India grinds to a halt as historic 24hour strike by 11 banking, transportion and governmental trade unions Canada Widespread electoral fraud under investigation. Tory robocall scandal widens as complaints flood from nearly 30 ridings  The Globe and Mail South Korea's parliament has passed a resolution demanding that China stops the repatriation of North Korean refugees. Corporations hired Stratfor to spy on activists, according to emails obtained by Anonymous and Wikileaks.  Occupy London protest camp eviction under way  BBC Israeli officials have reportedly let it be known that they won't give their United States counterparts a heads up if the country decides to launch an airstrike against Iran.  WikiLeaks says Stratfor emails to expose sinister spies and insider traders  Russia's Aging, Lonely Leader  

German filmmaker wins Vladimir Putin's confidence, shoots intimate profile. Behind the toughguy facade he claims to discover a joyless, exhausted loner, soon to turn 60 and stubbornly fending off physical decline BBC News  French election Hollande wants 75% tax on top earners Syria referendum called a sham Only 5% of the population turned out to vote Canada Wildlife Officers Kill 145 Black Bears in Tar Sands Region MEGAUPLOAD Kim Dotcom may be going back to jail New Section of The Great Wall Discovered in Mongolia  A British explorer unearths an extension of the world wonder, the 1st section believed to exist outside China's borders Top French court strikes down law punishing the denial of the Armenian genocide as unconstitutional as it infringes on freedom of expression. Meanwhile in Athens  after finally starting a new cafe/bookstore, the owner is not allowed to sell or give away coffee or to actually sell books.   Syria storms out of U.N. rights meeting For sale French village.  Asking price $475,000 S&P Declares Greece in Default Intelligence officials say Israel not planning to tell the US in advance of any strike on Iran. Fresh footage shows Indonesian abattoir cruelty Argentina turns away UK cruise ships  

2 liners prevented from docking at Ushuaia on country's southern tip as tensions build over future of Falkland Islands Anonymous Hits Interpol Site After 25 Arrested. WHO Declares India PolioFree! East Africa's highspeed internet access is severely disrupted after a ship dropped its anchor onto fibreoptic cables off Kenya's coast. 89 Percent of Syrians Voted to Keep Assad in Power until 2028 North Korea Ready to go to war with U.S., South Korea  CNN.com WikiLeaks begins disclosing intelligence firm's emails Beijing's Feral Cat Problem Comes Back With a Vengeance  Four years after cleansing the city of its strays in advance of the Olympics, somewhere between 500,000 and 5 million cats have returned to the city.
 Iranian film 'A Separation' wins Oscar for Best Foreign Film, pleas for the people of Iran to be recognized for their contributions to culture Nobel Peace Prize jury announces 231 nominees have been submitted including Bradley Manning and Al Jazeera 22 Carnival Cruise Ship Passengers Robbed in Mexico  The tourists were on a bus in the jungle near Puerto Vallarta when hooded gunmen took cameras, money, watches & other valuables. One cruise line had already suspended  stops in Puerto Vallarta because of the  drug war.  Murdoch's Sun had 'culture of illegal payments' to officials says police chief UK Chancellor's simple truth  There is no more money. EFF This Isn't a Hoax Pakistan Requests Proposals for a National Filtering and Blocking System Farmers Helpless as New Virus Attacks Lambs  A 1,000 farms across Europe have been hit by a disease causing 1000s of dead births or deformities resulting in death. Nobody knows how bad it'll get, as the lambing season is not even in full swing. The disease is invisible until birth.

 North Korea says it is ready for a war with US and South Korea  Armed Thai Officials Raid Wildlife Center After Chief Criticizes Elephant Poaching    They took 103 animals from the center, which is partly funded by Australians, who say many, including endangered species, were injured by the men, some in balaclavas to hide their identities.


 Latin American Authorities Worried Entire Prison System About to Explode  The drug war has placed astonishing strains on what were already corrupt, crumbling prisons, which serve as lucrative postings for civil servants who collect bribes from inmates FARC says theyll stop kidnapping ... possible first steps towards peace talks after decades of conflict with Columbian govt. WikiLeaks publishes security think tank emails AntiPutin protesters form human chain in Moscow Afghanistan rises in revolt against US occupation as a US colonel and major were killed by an Afghan official, who was then reportedly allowed to walk out of the building by Afghan security Norways Statoil  has discovered oil 120 miles off the Brazilian coast in the Atlantic Ocean  Statoil is calling the field a highimpact discovery Via Rail derails west of Toronto, unconfirmed reports of passengers trapped Russia averts plot to assassinate Putin. Putin blasts Western countries for abusing human rights rhetoric Himalayan Sherpas Lament Climate Change Devastation  On the ground, mountain communities are already alarmed by dramatic shifts in weather patterns.  Right from the beginning we saw the effects of climate change on tea plantations in Ilam district. ACTA Could be Passed in 10 Weeks; Take Action Before Its Too Late Tunisia rejects shariah in new constitution UK teachers no longer teaching, just 'training' kids to pass exams.. (with a little help) North Korea rocket test will cost $850m USD, equivalent of feeding 19 million people for 1 year  Yonhap News Tibetan immolations, largely unnoticed, among historys biggest waves of suicidebyfire. The stunning protests are going largely unnoticed in the wider world  due in part to a smothering Chinese security crackdown in the region that prevents journalists from covering them.

 How Canada's Green Credentials Fell Apart  
Canada once enjoyed a deserved reputation for scientific & environmental leadership. Those days are long gone Ikea to design 11hectare neighbourhood. We are in keeping with the Ikea philosophy We dont want to produce for the rich or the superrich; we want to produce for the families, for the people Executive pay soars as bosses set each others' awards Tobacco executive admits involvement in destruction of research documents ... at least 60 documents including some research that showed the company was aware smoking could cause cancer and other health problems New UK powers to record every phone call and email makes surveillance '60m times worse' Pakistan jails bin Laden's family for illegal stay BBC News  Backlash over email and web monitoring plan The government wants to let police and intelligence agencies monitor what numbers people phone, when, and for how long, and whom they email Australia will target US workers  Dozens of Tibetans have set themselves on fire over the past year to protest Chinese rule, sometimes drinking kerosene to make the flames explode from within, in one of the biggest waves of political selfimmolations in recent history. Euro unemployment spikes to record 10.8% Hungary President Schmitt quits in plagiarism scandal Stephen Fry lends support to Greek calls to return Elgin marbles to Athens Democracy champion Aung San Suu Kyi declared a 'new era' for Burma Monday, after her party claimed a landslide victory in Sunday's parliamentary byelections Swiss Arrest Warrants Fuel Tax Row With Germany  German opposition politicians are threatening to block a deal with Switzerland to tackle tax dodgers after the Swiss issued arrest warrants for 3 German tax officials Swedish workers party hard during lunch breaks Chinas Bloody Factories  A Problem Bigger than Foxconn In Rich Europe, Growing Ranks of Working Poor   Never anywhere in the world do you hear anyone talking about the French dream, he added, pausing to look at the row of campers. There is no such dream in France. UK 'considers' internet surveillance network Japanese experts warn of earthquakes that could produce 34metre tsunamis 
Report following disaster last March finds waves pose bigger threat than previously thought and could inundate Pacific coast
 Hamas ditches Assad, backs Syrian revolt Many people with Asperger's syndrome have difficulties in the job market and workplace, but they also have special abilities that many employers crave. A Danish company has found a way to bring the two together and is exporting its successful jobplacement concept to other countries. News of the World had official policy of deleting emails that could be unhelpful in the context of future litigation, despite legal obligation not to do so Canadian man gets arrested after his daughter drew a  picture of a gun in school.  Iran warns Israel not to attack its nuclear facilities  

Iranian general says attack would lead to collapse of Israel amid rising international tension over uranium enrichment North Korea stays afloat with fake U.S. $100s. Supreme Court of India says police attacking protestors who were sleeping in the night is violation of fundamental rights. Afghanistan Nato officers shot dead in Kabul ministry

 One billion people worldwide live in slums, a number that will likely double by 2030. BBC debunks newspaper reports that claimed 55% of Syrians do not want President Assad to resign Canada Ottawa hits pause on Web surveillance act  The Harper government is temporarily parking controversial legislation that would grant new powers to authorities to police the Internet while it consults on how to rewrite it to assuage privacy concerns among Canadians and within caucus. Iran has failed to cooperate with efforts to verify that its nuclear program is purely peaceful,  International Atomic Energy Agency says Pakistani health workers punished for helping U.S. find bin Laden Haiti's prime minister resigns after four months Nelson Mandela admitted to hospital Spanish duke Inaki Urdangarin in court over corruption Ruling favors Berlusconi in corruption trial  Dead bodies to be burned to heat UK swimming pool China mocks international conference to aid Syrian opposition
 Yemen bomb attack 'kills at least 21 people' Myanmar Declares War On Opium  


Reuters reporter visits former conflict area to see Burmese government's campaign to eradicate opium poppies in action. Where poppies thrive not just on cool weather and high altitude, but poverty and conflict BBC News  Church 'does not own marriage' Egyptian woman faces prosecution on Sunday after crackdown on Non Government Organizations (NGOs) Palestinian killed in West Bank clashes  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Why the superrich love the UK Report London no safer for all its CCTV cameras Woman unknowingly scams more than $30,000 from Nigerian scam artists Lack of Vatican cooperation over child sex abuse led to closure of embassy 2 teens sent to prison for S. Korean bullying suicide Mexican scientists successfully test vaccine that could cut heroin addiction Crisis in Syria Looks Very Different on Satellite Channels Owned by Russia and Iran Japan Earthquake Before and After [pics]
 BBC News  Dutch prince Johan Friso may never wake up Sources Arab nations arming Syrian opposition Protests over Koran Burning  Germany Closes Afghan Military Base Early In Iran, nationalism stirs Faced with sanctions and talk of war, some Iranians are turning inward. Israeli Court Rules To End Military Exemption for the Ultra Orthodox. European Central Bank President Mario Draghi warned beleaguered eurozone countries that there is no escape from tough austerity measures and that the Continent's traditional social contract is gone. Lonely Deaths Family of three, ashamed to ask for help, starves to death in Japan BBC News  Donald Trump accused of bullying Scottish government Iran holds up access to Parchin for better IAEA deal. It is ready to offer access to any sites requested by the agency as part of an agreement under which the IAEA would stop accusing Iran of carrying out covert nuclear weapons experiments. Family of three die from apparent starvation in Japan A president refusing to give up power despite advancing age and legal limits. Young men in the streets throwing rocks at the police while choking on tear gas. That situation was not supposed to happen in Senegal, a rare part of West Africa where free voting has occurred since the late 19th century. News Corp to avoid trial after one hacking case settled  The British newspaper arm of Rupert Murdoch's empire will be spared an embarrassing trial after singer Charlotte Church agreed to a settlement  over phonehacking scandal When Disposing Of Sacred Texts, Respect is Key   
Many religious leaders agree that burial is the most reverent way to handle sacred text 
 
Oilsands vote ends in deadlock  European Union states fail to agree on whether to recognize oil sands, such as those in Canada, as high polluters China deports North Korean defectors Activists say the North Korean refugees face death and beatings back home Incredible Footage Reveals Life Under Siege in Homs, Syria  The 11minute report shows mourners rallying over dead bodies without coffins, children suffering from shrapnel wounds in makeshift hospitals, and armed fighters doing battle with government snipers in the street. Somalia 'air strike kills foreign alShabab militants'. It is unknown who carried out the attack.  Predictions For Syria  


Deeply troubling assessment from reporter recently back from twomonth assignment. Regime can survive for a long time. Syria is crumbling before our eyes, and a thoroughly modern nation is likely to be set back many decades Finally, Outrage in China Against Bear Farming Imagine a country where the state spends more on preschool child care than on its defence budget. Nearly 30 Buddhist statues at the Maldives National Museum were destroyed by vandals  Officials say the attack was motivated by religious extremism. The collection was totally, totally smashed. The whole preIslamic history is gone.  Church of Scientology in Australia demands right to underpay workers  Syrian leaders listed by UN for crimes against humanity England riots almost 1,000 people jailed so far, figures show. Average sentence of 14.2 months is four times the average jail term handed down by the courts for similar offences in 2010  UN slams Canada for First Nations treatment Giant Argentine train crash kills at least 40, hurts 550 when train plowed into a Buenos Aires platform Syria Tanks enter Homs after 20 day artillery barrage Greek Deal Leaves Europe on the Road to Disaster  If Europes new plan for Greece succeeds, nobody will be more surprised than the politicians who designed it. Wife Admits Slain Iranian Nuke Scientists Ultimate Goal Was the Annihilation of Israel Charlotte Church settles over phone hacking with News 
Corp Why the world isn't intervening in Syria It's being called the 'negative salary.'  Some Greeks might have to pay for their jobs. Youcef Nadarkhani, Iranian pastor, sentenced to death for converting to Christianity 9 die in 2nd day of Afghan protests over Quran burnings Russia warns against 'hasty conclusions' over Iran. In Hong Kong, for the first time, more people identify themselves as Hong Kongers, rather than Chinese. It's a feeling that's at the center of growing discontent between Hong Kong residents and native Chinese China media calls for democracy at World Bank  Afghan soldier kills two NATO troops at protests
| Reuters Mugabe scoffs at calls to retire  In power since 1980, Zimbabwe's president declares himself fit as a fiddle as he celebrates his 88th birthday. The next head of state of Sweden is born today Iran talks failure sparks confrontation fears  The U.N. nuclear watchdog's latest mission to Iran failed to budge a defiant Tehran over its disputed nuclear program, sending oil prices to a ninemonth high over fears of an increasing risk of confrontation with the West. BBC News  US and North Korea hold nuclear talks [Australia] PM Gillard has called for a vote on Monday between her and resigned Foreign Minister Rudd France to EU Stop Monsanto's Corn Australian Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd resigns Afghan police rescue 41 child suicide bombers as they were about to be smuggled across the mountains into Pakistan Swedish foreign minister has acted as an informant for the United States since the 1970s, says Wikileaks Syria Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Homs  Telegraph Syrian live streamer killed after being watched by millions As the drums beat for war with Iran, the UNs former weapons inspector warns that military intervention would be a disaster Nuclear Inspectors Say Their Mission to Iran Has Failed European Commission suspends ACTA ratification Syria 'Now this is a war' Syria is hitting Homs with world's heaviest mortarsRussian made tulip system The term mademoiselle is about to disappear from French administrative paperwork. Chevron Nigeria gas well fire may burn for months  The fire is burning in a 40mwide area on the surface of the Atlantic Ocean, 10km off the Nigerian coast The U.N. Threat to Internet Freedom  Topdown, international regulation is antithetical to the Net, which has flourished under its current governance model Kevin Rudd resigns as foreign minister of Australia Murderer pardoned after saving hundreds from deadly prison fire EU To Refer ACTA To EU's Top Court For Legal Clarification U.N.s Iran visit ends in failure,  inspection team blocked from visiting key sites and prevented from speaking with Iranian nuclear scientists Two Western Journalists Killed in Syria Shelling American, French journalists killed in Syria Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Homs, Syria Why do Pakistani lawyers want to ban the countrys favourite soft drink? (A clue its made by minorities)  African Leaders Reject U.N. Call For Homosexual Equality
 Iran says it is ready to help identify those behind a series of bomb blasts in Thailand. Swede who survived two months in car 'wanted to hibernate' Leaked Memo Blows The Lid Off Of The Entire Greek Bailout That everything undertaken so far is destroying the Greek economy, and that further reforms will only make it worse. China tries to bully Norway Standard and Poor are being sued in Australia for the AAA rating they assigned to toxic structuredfinance products Nearly 300 Elephants Slain in Cameroon  There is a Serious Poaching Problem Putin Calls for $772 Billion Upgrade to Rebuild Military Russians revive Ice Age flower from an Ice Age squirrel's treasure chamber, a burrow containing fruit and seeds that had been stuck in the Siberian permafrost for over 30,000 years. Monaco prince bloodied after brawl in NYC bar  The prince & his entourage were being completely obnoxious  Worked to deathWorking conditions are so bad workers in Cambodia collapse due to being exposed to strong chemicals in hot and poorly ventilated environment while working 1214 hours a day. Last year, more than 200,000 workers went to the streets over the issue.  Canada threatens trade war with EU over tar sands  
The row over the EU's plan to label tar sands oil as highly polluting escalates as Canada says it 'will not hesitate to defend its interests' Iran has started a 4day military exercise aimed at protecting its nuclear sites from an attack Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique StraussKahn is being questioned by French police investigating a suspected hotel prostitution ring. Croatian President Invites Anonymous for Consultation over Controversial ACTA Law Researchers have unearthed a forest in northern China preserved under a layer of ash deposited 300,000 years ago. The people in Greece and peripheral countries must wake up to the fact that they are not dealing with reasonable people on the other side of the negotiating table. Civilisation faces 'perfect storm of ecological and social problems' Abuse of the environment has created an 'absolutely unprecedented' emergency, say Blue Planet prizewinners Oil jumps to 9month high above $105 in Europe as Iran cuts supply to Britain, France Iranian military commander has said Iran would take preemptive action against its enemies if it felt its national interests were endangered Mexico Prison Riot Was a Diversion For Escape Portugal plays by the rules, but economy slumps You have young without employment, and you have old people without money, and so there is no future for a country like that. Protests, SelfImmolation Signs of a Desperate Tibet  
Chinese authorities tighten security around Tibet after a series of demonstrations demanding more religious & political freedoms. Selfimmolation protests have led to violent confrontations, & some monasteries are emptying. Japanese mayor denies Nanjing massacre South Korea suicide toll doubles over a decade Iran Warns of PreEmptive Action in Nuclear Dispute Koran Burning at Bargam Air Base Draws the Ire of Thousands Pakistani Interior Minister Wants Interpol to Arrest Pervez Musharraf  Pakistan has never forgiven the former president for the death of former prime minister, Benazir Bhutto, & now will ask Interpol to arrest him for failing to protect her from the deadly 2007 suicide attack that killed her  Indian High Court  rules that the right to abort a pregnancy in a marriage rests with the wife and not husband.  UK government to demand access to all phone & internet user data Icelandic Anger Brings Debt Forgiveness  Since the end of 2008, the islands banks have forgiven loans equivalent to 13 percent of gross domestic product, easing the debt burdens of more than a quarter of the population Two masked gunmen stormed into a small museum at the birthplace of the ancient Olympics in southern Greece on Friday, smashing display cases with hammers and making off with dozens of antiquities up to 3,200 years old, authorities said. Poland withdraws from ACTA ratification India wants Italian ship captain to surrender after marksmen shot dead two Indian fishermen Japanese researchers have released the findings of a study suggesting that the risk of an earthquake measuring magnitude 7 or above striking the Tokyo metropolitan area within the next four years could be as high as 70 percent Future will be shaped by the rise of the angry young man  Europe's finance ministers plan to approve a second bailout for Greece on Monday but HansWerner Sinn, the head of Ifo, a top German economic think tank, warns that the money will only help international banks  not the Greeks. He argues that Greece can only solve its crisis if it quits the euro. Iranian ships reach Syria, China warns of civil war | Reuters Putting Foxconn's Wage Rises in Context AntiApple Protests Have Nothing To Do With It, China is Running Out Of Underemployed Farmers 'Dozens of UN troops seized' in Darfur  Al Jazeera English Afghan Textbooks to Cut Out Much of the Country's Post1973 History  Education has been one of Afghanistan's few bright spots since the Taliban fell, but the government is taking a big step backward. Lloyds Bank strips five directors of more than 1 million in bonuses  Lloyds Banking Group is to strip five directors of more than 1 million in bonuses as a penalty for a financial scandal that cost the taxpayerbacked bank 3.2 billion last year.  Iranians desperate as dark economic clouds gather North Korea raises alert for livefire drill | Reuters The cool new Palestinian geeks Peeks
The West Bank and Gaza Strip is home to hundreds of tech companies, creating everything from websites to smart phone apps. Germany's governing coalition and the two major opposition parties have agreed to jointly nominate Joachim Gauck as the country's presidential candidate. 2 years after the earthquake, Haiti is trying to clear tent cities  International aid workers must get 20,000 poor people living before the National Palace to pack up their meager belongings in the most notorious camp in Haiti & go home... But where's home? South Korea begins livefire military drills despite North Korea's threat to attack Pakistani Taliban Turn to Kidnapping to Finance Operations  NYTimes.com Teenage Tibetan monk selfimmolates, dies ... denouncing Chinese policies in Tibet and demanding the return of the Dalai Lama 2 teens sent to prison for S. Korean bullying suicide Venezuelan republic of crime  The recent kidnapping of Carlos Pujalte, Mexicos ambassador to Venezuela, has cast an unflattering light on the latter countrys declining public safety Biotech crops poised for massive global expansion, agricultural tech group reports | Vancouver Sun