 Girl's Refusal to Be Child Bride Inspires Nation  b'Robbers in Sweden use stolen chopper & dynamite in cash depot theft; Police unable to pursue, because the only police chopper in Sweden were disabled with explosives.' b'Robbers used a stolen helicopter and explosives to engineer a spectacular raid on a cash depot in Stockholm on Wednesday, breaking into the building through the roof and flying off with bags of cash.' b'In Kenya The last long rains [in April] failed completely, and we haven't had a proper wet season for at least three years. If the rains fail in October and November, we'll go into total crisis. I can't even begin to imagine how awful that would be.' b'North Koreas corn yield to drop by 40 per cent' b'Honduras Hundreds of heavily armed agents of coup regime attacked the 5,000 people outside Brazilian embassy. Army has cut off electricity and water supply to many areas.' Experts say a huge orange dust storm rolling through Australia's east coast is lining up to become one of the largest on record. Khaddafy demands democracy at UN general assembly meeting; he wants to do away with the veto process.  Equates the security counsel with terrorism. Ahh irony.  If these ideas weren't coming from a dictator that supported terrorism they might actually get traction. b'Echoes of Chilean National Stadium Honduras  Chochi Sosa Stadium turned into massive detention center. Internet and radio broadcasts cut off in Tegucigalpa. Only procoup media available.' As long as they need the bomb, they will lick your balls. As soon as you have delivered the bomb, they will kick your balls. Pakistan, China and Iran's nuclear nexus revealed in a purloined letter. Puppetry of the Politicians .... Kenya follows in the Daily Show's footsteps with a puppetbased satire that has politicians up in arms. b'Collapsing milk prices threaten bankruptcy for tens of thousands of European producers. Since 2007, milk prices have in some countries more than halved. Today, Spanish farmers have dumped 60,000 litres of milk in protest.' b'Swedish TV program claims top Vatican officials knew that an ultraconservative British bishop was a Holocaustdenier when his excommunication was lifted in January' b'In UN speech, Gaddafi suggests Israel behind JFK assassination' Tent set up in New York suburbs for Ghadafi. Why does everybody in America seem to hate this guy?  I have to agree on Hunter S. Thompson on this one  at least he's entertaining. b'The difference between U.S. and Canada Canadians are happy to suspend civil liberties in a pandemic, says a new survey' b'Well, this is one small step for them, a good start indeed' b'France is thinking of imposing a health warning on photoshopped imagesn' b'Hoteliers charged after row with guest ' b'Israel in April on US settlement pressure Believe me, America accepts all our decisions.  U.S. in September OK, you win, Israel.' b'Iranian police now demanding that store mannequins wear the hijab' b'Couple of days late for talk like a pirate day.//The Defence Department says an Australian Navy ship has helped foil an attack by Somalian pirates off the coast of Yemen in the Gulf of Aden.' b'Gaddafi in his first ever U.N speech, blasts the big powers, the U.N, and tosses a copy of the U.N Charter over his shoulder!' b'In other news, thieves use helicopter in awesome heist in Sweden' Morocco arrests 24 in 'terrorist network' crackdown b' Japans death penalty effectively scrapped with arrival of Keiko Chiba, a leftwing justice minister who is an outspoken opponent of the countrys controversial system of secret executions' Iran TV's live football coverage censored because sections of the crowd were chanting antigovernment slogans and waving green emblems in support of the country's political opposition b'EU funding 'Orwellian' artificial intelligence plan to monitor public for abnormal behaviour' b'Helping terminally ill and incurably disabled patients to commit suicide to be decriminalised in Britain' b'PAKISTAN Police severely beat members of a Christian family after accusing a man of urinating on the Quran' b'Indian man gambles daughter away' b'Two people trying to help bring food and medicine into Gaza are slain by the pilot of an Israeli jet who fired an airtosurface missile at them.' India's China Panic Seeing a 'Red Peril' on Land and Sea  b'Belatedly, Egypt Spots Flaws in Wiping Out All of their Pigs ' b'Al Jazeera exposes Iraqs booming, endemic drug trade' b'The UK drugs debate Is legislation the way forward?' b'Thousands of angry Canadian taxpayers rallied against harmonized sales tax (HST) throughout BC The HST is a cruel tax. It takes from the people, particularly... the seniors, students, the people that can least afford to pay yet another tax and it's giving to the big corporations.' b'Mounting Afghan follies give U.S. a way out By GWYNNE DYER' b'Worlds biggest prison for journalists eight years after September 2001 roundups' b'Chinese Communists flirt with democracy to infuse fresh blood' b'Turkish Investigators Wiretapped Turkish Daily without Court Consent' b'Yemen more guns than people' b'The Federal Government has detected another boatload of asylum seekers off the northwest coast of Australia.' Yemen army 'kills 140' as rebels launch attack b'U.N. probes use of its vehicles in Somalia bombing' b'Pakistan will Cry for Water' b'Terrorists use UN Trucks as suicide bombs against UN peace keepers.  And we think these guys are qualified to oversee cap and trade?  They can't even keep up with their own trucks.' b'Social Bookmarking Service' b'Gaza's Water Supply Near Collapse. The International Committee of the Red Cross has warned that Gaza's access to safe supply of drinking water could cease at any time.' b'One of the greatest rivalries in the history of chess is due to resume as Garry Kasparov takes on Anatoly Karpov in the Spanish city of Valencia.' b'Secret Service agents found Yeltsin clad only in his underwear, standing alone on Pennsylvania Avenue and trying to hail a cab. He wanted a pizza, he told them, his words slurring.' Israelis really don't like Obama. Bonus Racism caught on tape b'The top US Commander in Afghanistan, General Stanley McChrystal, says without more troops on the ground there, the international mission will most likely result in failure.' b'Bear mauls nine at bus stop' b'Muslims massproducing children to take over Africa, says Archbishop Nicholas Okoh of Nigeria' b'Canadian dad leaves kids in hot car while he goes drinking at the Fat Pig Saloon. Cops pull kids, who are drenched in sweat and screaming, from car. No charges laid.' b'Until recently, the man running Press TVs Web site was an American who fled the United States in 1980 after carrying out a political assassination in the Washington suburbs on behalf of the Iranian government.' b'Irish school fingerprints pupils to monitor absenteeism' In 20062008, 14,100 new residents of West Bank settlements were registered annually. To Palestinians, it means an expansion of the occupation. To Israelis, it's beginning to look like little more than suburbanization. b'Ousted Honduran President Zelaya takes refuge at Brazilian embassy IN Honduras n' b'More than 35 million people have Alzheimers and Dementia worldwide, according to new report' b'Ayalon Military option against Iran is still on the table I don't think that, with all due respect, the Russian president is authorized to speak for Israel and certainly we have not taken any option off the table.' b'China adoption Some Chinese parents say their babies were stolen for adoption ' b'UK army rotten, Iraq probe told' Canada's health minister orders investigation after body bags were sent to aboriginal reserves as part of supplies to deal with swine flu b'USCUBA Five Decades of an Admittedly Failed Policy' b'How to Fix An Election Manipulating election results may not be as hard as previously thought.' b'Rogue nuclear scientist Dr A Q Khan has sensationally disclosed it was former prime minister Benazir Bhutto who had asked him to hand over the countrys nuclear knowhow to Iran and North Korea!' b'AFP Somalia faces worst food crisis in 18 years' b'Ousted President Zelaya in Brazil embassy in Honduras' Kashmir's Water Wars b'A German Jihad Colony Islamists in Pakistan Recruit Entire Families from Europe' b'83 names on Pak list of mostwanted' b'Poland okays forcible castration for pedophiles' b'Colombian hitman 2,500 paramilitary in Venezuela with goal of taking down Chavez' b'Mexican journalist shot to death in newsroom' b'Iran Denies Violating IAEA Rules It is not a secret facility. If it was, why did we inform the IAEA a year ahead of time?' b'So. What did we accomplish by shutting down my city, closing my university, beating my friends and neighbors, and turning the streets into a scene from a dystopian horror film? Oh. And some people from far away were here too.' Malalai Joya Don't be fooled by this democratic faade  the people are betrayed b'Surreal drama at UN General Assembly  Ahmadinejad, Gadhafi act out on world stage, while a journalist asks questions about Iran.' It's the tribes, stupid.  An interesting 2006 article about the real enemy in the middle east. b'Israel kills three Islamic Jihad members who may or may not have been preparing to launch rockets.' b'Has Iran actually violated any specific international obligations here?' b'Aids Vaccine?' b'See the way Pittsburgh students, people and protesters are treated? Want it to stop? Vote.' b'Should any Iraq lessons be applied to Iran? The claims about Iran raise more questions than they answer. Virtually none is being asked by America's media' b'Getting gaymarried in Canada is easy, getting gaydivorced is not so easy' Explosives 'inside' suicide bomber foil security detectors b'Gorbachev Nixing the missile defense system is  good for global security. Obama approval from a  guy with black belt in nuclear threat reduction.' b'Vietnam Government Rejects UN Proposals to Improve its Rights Record' b'Suicide bombs kill 16, wound 150 in Pakistan' b'Wives of Arctic Sea crew demand release of their men' b'All students in Pakistans schools required to study Islam' Iran shouldn't be condemned for their hidden nuclear program because it is all Israel's fault. How secrecy over Iran's Qom nuclear facility was finally blown away b'Try not to throw up.' There's a huge flood in Manila, Philippines. Had no clue about it... Decided to spread the news to Reddit. b'No shame Israel demands PA drop war crimes suit at The Hague, or else it would not permit a second cellular telephone provider to operate' b'Dead baby wakes up for his funeral wake' b'Iranian Protester Flees Country After Telling of Rape and Torture in Prison ' b'When Obama announced that 'Iran is breaking rules that all nations must follow', he is technically and legally wrong.' b'Spontaneous order in action Holland slashes traffic regulations, laws, eliminates stop lights; rate of traffic accidents plummet.' b'Germans are set to vote in a general election in which Chancellor Angela Merkel is seeking a second term' b'typhoon victims in Philippines in dire need of food/clothing. Call the American Red Cross to help 18004357669. PLEASE REPOST on your twitter, plurk, and facebook to reach as many people as possible. Thanks Reddit!' b'Iceland plans huge export of whalemeat to Japan' b'British victims of the credit crunch are offering to sell their kidneys for 25,000 or more to help pay debts' b'Jerusalem is solely 'an Arab and Islamic city and it has always been so...' Jews have never lived there, the Temple never existed, and Israeli archaeologists have admitted as much.' b'First projections Merkel Wins German Election, Has  Slim Majority for CenterRight Government' b'Roman Polanski arrested in Switzerland over sex with underage girl  Telegraph' b'Over 100 children in China diagnosed with lead poisoning' b'Venezuela bans Family Guy cartoon because it promotes the use of marijuana' Saudis will allow Israel to bomb Iran's nuclear site b'Swiss ministry says Polanski to be extradited' b'Email communications interception on the rise in South Korea' b'Xinjiang authorities ban online separatist talk' Israel the hypocrite Israel's Dimona Nuclear Weapons Factory In 3D b'Costa Rica prepares for Nicoya Peninsula earthquake' b'Aussie politico attacks social mediasavvy Prime Minister for spamming everyone on Facebook and the premier for tweeting with the energy of a 12yo with Tourettes.' b'Ahmadinejongil Redux  Iran tests shortrange missiles' b'Terror laws could be used to force everyone in the UK to carry a passport just to travel around Britain' b'US threatens airstrikes in Pakistan' b'Honduras curfew extended to 50 hours. power, water, food cut to Brazillian Embassy(act of war!) Barrios barracaded, police evicted. the **** has hit the fan...' Leonard Cohen plays a concert in Israel; comes under fire for breaking a boycott over Israel's latest invasion of Gaza. In response, Cohen offers to play the West Bank and donate the proceeds to IsraeliPalestinian peace organizations. b'Canada walks out on Ahmadinejad's UN speech PM Stephen Harper says Ahmadinejad's absolutely repugnant remarks about the Holocaust are reason enough for Canadian officials to boycott the Iranian president's address' b'He tore up a copy of the UN charter.. accused the security council of being an alQaida like terrorist body, called for George Bush and Tony Blair to be put on trial for the Iraq war.' b'FBI holds records of 1.5billion people worldwide. How this was mined and is kept is secret, and there is no input from privacy and civil liberty groups. This contravenes several EU laws. ' b'Busted spy ring in Lebanon was Israels top network in the Arab world' b'Shining a light on Israeli aggression in Gaza. Now, no less an authority than Richard Goldstone, former chief prosecutor with the war crimes tribunals for Yugoslavia and Rwanda, says that the ... Israeli onslaught ... amounted to 'war crimes and possibly ... crimes against humanity.'' What special relationship? Obama turns down Gordon Brown's request for a meeting  five times. b'Head for the hills! The Flu is coming!' b'the small acts of personal viciousness and humiliation make up the practice of domination in an occupied land' b'One step closer to the apocalypse? Hipsters are wearing fake glasses to look smart and get jobs' Remember the freighter Arctic Sea, allegedly hijacked in the Baltic? Russia still claims that's what happened, but the truth looks much more murky... Water discovered on the moon, which moon is the  question. News.com.au fails at recognising Earth's  moon. Three sentenced to hang for murder of an African 'ghost' Landmark court ruling in Tanzania offers protection for albinos threatened by trade in 'magical' body parts b'Honduras Hospital Escuela states a thousand people coming in, with bullet wounds, cigarette burns from torture. Barricades in many Tegucigalpa neighborhoods. Some settlements of country not even army able to enter.' b'It's been 89 days since Manuel Zelaya was booted from power. He's sleeping on chairs, and he claims his throat is sore from toxic gases and Israeli mercenaries'' are torturing him with highfrequency radiation.' Honda shows small light 'personal mobility' device... Not to be confused with a unicycle. Spoiling Manuel Zelaya's homecoming The US should not stand by while the coup government in Honduras brutally cracks down on Manuel Zelaya's supporters. b'War is just a racket. A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of people. Only a small inside group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few at the expense of the masses.  Smedley Butler' b'Prolife club tests U of C resolve with renewed campaign' b'Spain contest bans Israeli academic team affiliated with college located in an Israeli settlement in the Palestinian territories.' b'20,000 in Guinea demo against coup leader' b'Cardinal Zen calls on China to release imprisoned bishops on its 60th anniversary' b'Mr. Stiller works as a Grillwalker, a oneman mobile sausagecooking machine.' b'Israeli embassy says boycott will harm 'Jew and Arab alike' and calls for TUC to 'hang its head in shame' (Aww, it makes you want to feel sympathy for the ethnic cleansing war criminals, doesn't it?!)' b'Armored Police Seize University of Pittsburgh Campus, Attack Students, Then Claim They Were Stopping Anarchists @ G20' b'A group of 50 French politicians want a new law stating published images must have bold printed notice stating they have been digitally enhanced.' b'Cut off aid to Africa, or at least to their corrupt governments.  Most of Africa is actually poorer today than it was a few decades ago, when aid dollars began to increase.' b' Most governments in the United States in a hundred years have not respected the peoples of Latin America, Chavez told King. They have sponsored coup d'etats, assassinations. It's enough. We want to be brothers and sisters. We want respect and equality.' b'Young Canadians greener, better travelled, more educated than young Americans, says a new study. Take that, eh!' b'Priceless The Danish Military tries to stop elite soldier's autobiography, and fail. Then they try to stir up a controversy by leaking a discovered Arabic translation to the press. Not only is the translation a useless machine translation, it was made by... the Military!' b'Democracy Now! reports from Pittsburgh G20 protests police use tear gas and sound cannon on peaceful protesters' b'Here are videos and photos of the police action on protesters at the G20 in Pittsburgh.  Chemical and Sonic(!) weaponry was wielded.' b'In May a homeless man saved a drowning teen. Fast forward to now, same place, hanging out with 2 friends who end up in the river. Man has to choose who to save and who to let go of.' b'Venezuela to fine networks that air 'Family Guy' because it promotes the use of marijuana' b'The G20 group of leading and emerging economies will take on a new role as a permanent body coordinating the world economy, a US official has said.' b'A Saudi fatwa allows girls to restore their hymens in order to save themselves from possible honor killings right before they are married.' b'Honduras Two secret detention centers opened, hundreds of detainees, many taken from their houses, hospitals. Neither lawyers nor food contributions permitted inside these centers. Among arrested are children, pregnant women. Hooded men with firearms hunting people in area surrounding Embassy.' b'Obama strikes a tough tone on Iran' b'BNP politician caught out inventing murders to spread fear.' b'What a shame Number of military veterans in jail has more than doubled in six years in UK' b'UNEP Climate worse than we thought.  A lot worse.' b'Bias allegations mount in Pirate Bay case' Hong Kong The World's Most Expensive Housing Market? b'Only Biscuits for Zelaya' b'Iran has been holding out on us... they have a second Nuclear plant so what was the time line for when they get the bomb again... Becouse ahh hmmm' b'Benjamin Netanyahu provides proof of the holocaust at the UN and calls Hamas Nazis. ' b'N.Korean Poster Seems to Confirm Succession' b'Pakistan among most corrupt nations in the world' b'Sourth Korea Rightwing government tries to prevent employees from joining more radical union' The president and CEO of The Associated Press has called for changes to international laws that would make it a war crime to kill journalists or take them hostage Antarctica reaches 63F, highest temperature ever recorded. Australia Accidentally Leaked the Personal Information of All the G20 Leaders Hidden camera investigation reveals chicken slaughterhouse practices For six months, an employee of the animal rights group worked inside one of the largest chicken slaughterhouses in Canada, while using a hidden camera to secretly videotape what he was seeing. Chinese court jails Muslim for 6 years for growing beard from 2010, wife gets 2 years for wearing veil Singaporean police arrests Amos Yee, a 17yearold boy because a YouTube video where he criticizes Lee Kuan Yew Major 7.7 quake strikes off Papua New Guinea, tsunami warning issued A blogger has been hacked to death in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, a month after a prominent atheist writer was killed in a similar attack. Airstrike In Yemen Hits Area Of Refugee Camp, Killing At Least 45 Assad Says US Airstrikes Have Made ISIS Stronger; Says ISIS, Saudi Arabia Of Same Ideological Bent. Saudi Arabia accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of hypocrisy on Sunday, telling an Arab summit that he should not express support for the Middle East while fueling instability by supporting Syrian leader Bashar alAssad. 70 women, including 9 schoolgirls, left Germany to join ISIS  report Iranian Guard says US drone killed 2 of its advisers in Iraq; US says it only struck militants Another NSU case witness has been found dead in her apartment Strong evidence found of separatist involvement in downing of MH17 Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert found guilty in retrial on corruption charges Methuselah Palm Grown From 2,000YearOld Seed Is a Father Organised crime groups are plotting to steal from Indigenous communities that survive on multimillion dollar mining royalties and land use agreements, an eightyear Australian Crime Commission investigation into isolated and troubleplagued regions has revealed. Foreign students have reportedly been banned from taking courses teaching nuclear, biological and chemical warfare at UK universities to control Terrorism Saudiled coalition bombed a Yemeni refugee camp, killing 21. World Cup leaves Brazil with bus depots and empty stadiums ISIS supporters are sending up to 100,000 messages a day on Twitter to plan attacks Poland charges two Russian officials over Kaczyski crash (a 2010 plane crash which killed then Polish President Lech Kaczyski) Denied salary for 6 years, Indian woman in Saudi awaits exit Thousands Protest Belgian Austerity Reforms for 2nd Day  Braving hail & winds as they demand the rightwing govt change course & make sure the brunt of the austerity is borne by the wealthy. Facebook 'tracks all visitors, breaching EU law'  People without Facebook accounts, logged out users, and EU users who have explicitly opted out of tracking are all being tracked, report says A thousandyearold treatment for eye infections, made with onion, garlic and part of a cow's stomach, is gaining attention after research at the University of Nottingham. Scientists were astonished to find it almost completely wiped out staphylococcus aureus, otherwise known as MRSA. A massive power outage has hit Turkey. 24 regions and major cities are affected including Ankara and Istanbul. Another list containing 25,000 ISIS supporter accounts is released to put pressure on Twitter to suspend them, this time without using hack methods Germany to end mass killing of male chicks by 2017  Alternative egg sexing technique would add no more than two cents to the cost of an egg. The photo of the little girl with her hands raised was actually genuine. BBC tracked the original Turkish photographer. EU moves to unblock TV streaming services, no more Geoblocking Muslim Mob Attacks Family of Coptic Christian Beheaded By ISIS in Libya Shell cynically blocking action on climate change, says exdiplomat  John Ashton accuses oil company and others of being narcissistic, paranoid and psychopathic & being unable to contemplate lowcarbon future About 70 percent of Australian strawberries are being grown on runners that have been fumigated with an environmentally damaging pesticide that has been banned around the world. A Secret Service agent and a DEA agent with lead roles in the investigation to take down the Internet drug bazaar Silk Road allegedly stole proceeds from the underground site and hid their booty in offshore accounts. One of the Poorest Countries in the World Is About to Burn $7.6M Worth of Ivory  Ivory burns may seem symbolic, but they are a useful step towards ending poaching NASA Denies It Will Build New Space Station With Russia Cruise Liner 'Costa Concordia' was Carrying Mafia Drugs When it Met its Fate Alarm as Turkey backs new police powers The police will have the right to conduct stopandsearch, detain people for up to 48 hours without court orders and use firearms against demonstrators carrying petrol bombs or other injurious weapons... that could mean a firecracker or a simple slingshot. Indian Politician Under Fire For Suggesting No Link Exists Between Tobacco Use And Cancer Feds Demand Reddit Identify Users of a DarkWeb Drug Forum Iranian Man Burns Himself To Death In Government Protest Nearly half of all Russians think the sacrifices made under dictator Josef Stalin were justified The US just dropped 60,000 propaganda leaflets on ISIS's Syrian capital in Raqqa. The leaflets show ISIS recruits being fed into a meatgrinder by militants. Over the last 15 years, the organization that offered the most accurate Renewable Energy forecasts was... Greenpeace UKIP's Keith Fraser says British teens who want to join ISIS should get FREE flights Armed leftists take Istanbul prosecutor hostage Palestinian factions Hamas and Islamic Jihad have launched a scathing attack on Palestinian Authority (PA) President Mahmoud Abbas for urging an Arab intervention in the Gaza Strip akin to the Saudiled assault on Yemen. Lufthansa To Immediately Compensate Germanwings Flight 9525 Victim's Families Up To 50,000 Euros Easter vault raiders steal up to 200million Hatton Garden gem thieves cut through roof and disabled alarm system before abseiling down lift shaft to loot 300 safety deposit boxes over four days US Officials say Russians have hacked the White House India Pulls Off Great Escape in Yemen, 4000 Evacuated From War Zone Judge orders Prince Andrew sex allegations struck from court record | UK news North sea cod stocks bounce back  The fish that was once one of the most disastrous examples of overfishing could be certified as sustainable within five years, according to new research. U.S. secretly tracked billions of calls for decades Thousands of Turkish Students Demand Jedi Temples On Campus The United States and Japan are close to concluding a set of bilateral defense rules that if finalized would give Japans military new powers to act when U.S. forces are threatened by a third country, U.S. officials said Wednesday. The Saudi budget deficit will be more than twice its own forecast, a leading research firm has said, forcing the kingdom into the debt market for the first time in more than a decade Archaeologists defy Isis by finding new antiquities in Iraq  They're making discoveries despite efforts by Isis to 'culturally cleanse' it. If the militants think they can 'erase history' we are helping to make sure that can't happen it is the information that is important & not the objects. Australian Treasurer steps in to protect suspected tax dodger multinationals from being identified I must tell you the individuals who say this deal provides a pathway for Iran to a bomb are being wholly disingenuous..., says CIA director John Brennan Sydney Water has been revealed as the nation's biggest dumper of mercury into Australian waters, pumping 40 kilograms of the toxic metal out of its deep ocean outfall pipes at Manly and Malabar in the past financial year. Iraqi Prime Minister and Iraqi Kurdistan Region President agree on joint operation to liberate Mosul from ISIS An exhibition in Iran will mock the Holocaust. U.S. Sanctions Block Crimeans From World of Warcraft, Diablo III Russian deputy who voted against reunification with Crimea stripped of immunity, faces embezzlement charges in Russia Afghan soldier opens fire and kills 1 American, wounds 2 US troops before being shot dead Secret papers could reveal Frances role in Rwandan genocide $1 billion disappears  and Moldova looks for answers Germany dismisses Greek demand for billions in WW2 reparations Shark Fins Being Shipped From Costa Rica to China Via the USA Irans Leaders Fall Into Line Behind Nuclear Accord Australian Government seeks immunity over use of force in immigration detention  Immigration officers  including contractors  would have greater powers to use force against asylum seekers and be exempted from liability under proposed laws Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko may have accidentally killed himself after handling radioactive material, a key suspect in his death has said. U.S. Legalization of Marijuana Has Hit Mexican Cartels' Border Trade Anonymous released a list of ISIS supporter websites and companies in UK and US that are hosting them Tokyo thanks Beijing for evacuating Japanese tourist from Yemen UN urged to ban 'killer robots' before they can be developed  Fully autonomous weapons should be banned by international treaty, says a report by Human Rights Watch and Harvard Law School 100 Billion barrels of Oil discovered in the UK World oil prices could be $5 to $15 a barrel lower than forecast next year if oilrelated sanctions against Iran are lifted, the US governments energy agency said on Tuesday The Chevron Tapes Video Shows Oil Giant Allegedly Covering Up Amazon Contamination India reduces 'out of school' children by 90 per cent UNESCO Iran No signing final nuclear deal unless economic sanctions are lifted on same day US Admiral Russian Bombers send a message, we do the same  it wouldn't surprise me if Russia sends bomber patrols through the Gulf of Mexico  If you have longrange aircraft, you want to exercise them. In order to exercise them you need to fly longrange missions Chinese TV host suspended after privately mocking Mao More Than 400,000 Elementary schools in China to be provided with 3d printers Sweden to join USled coalition against ISIS U.S. military to ask Canada to install better missile sensors in Arctic Malawi police are under orders to shoot anyone attacking albinos in the latest bid to crack down on a rising wave of violence against albinos in East Africa whose body parts are prized in black magic. Nearly half of European jihadis known to have traveled to territory held by ISIS are French, a report by the countrys upper house Senate revealed Wednesday. ISIS takes control of French TV station. Lithuania to ban Russian TV channel for 'warmongering' Obama and Castro to break Cold War ice in person The Islamic State group has lost control of at least three large oil fields in Iraq, depriving the jihadists of a crucial source of income Poll shows vast majority of Cubans welcome closer ties with U.S. Iran has urged Saudi Arabia to impose the most severe punishment on two Saudi police officers arrested on suspicion of sexually harassing two teenage Iranian boys at Jeddah airport. Turkey journalists face 4.5 years jail over Charlie Hebdo cartoon Sweden to send troops to Iraq to support fight against Islamic State Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei condemns Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen as genocide and vows that Riyadh will not emerge victorious in its aggression. Hundreds of lawyers take to the streets in full courtroom attire in protest of unconsitutional Quebec law Syrian diplomats expelled from countries around the world after new massacre France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Canada, Britain and Australia kick out ambassadors and other senior representatives. A New Zealand court has ruled that the U.S. Government must hand over the evidence they have against Megaupload so Kim Dotcom and other employees can properly defend themselves against the pending extradition request. The father of a man killed in the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown has hanged himself in protest after two decades of failed attempts to seek government redress, a support group said Monday. B.C police gun down a mentally ill man while he crawls on his hands and knees Italy hit by magnitude 6.0 earthquake, 32 miles northeast of Parma U.S. denies North Korea commando operation The Gem of Canadian Science that (Canadian PM) Harper Killed/ world famous Experimental Lakes Area proved phosphates caused lake killing blooms. Child brides sold as HIV cure in South Africa NATO Kills Senior alQaeda Leader 
 Rapper Najafi on the Fatwa 'Fundamentalists Can't Take a Joke'  Iranian rapper Shahin Najafi has been in hiding in Germany since a fatwa was pronounced against him three weeks ago. EU signs 10M contract with UK security firm to work in Libya but didn't ask Libya and no work permits will be approved. Photos paint horrific scene following massacre in Houla Tuna contaminated with Fukushima radiation found in California Zanzibar Islamists burn churches  Reuters Argentina bomb defused where Colombia's expresident was to speak  Growing Fear Over Fukushima Fuel Pool 4 as Wall Bulge Detected  
TEPCO admits bulge detected, stoking fears over the buildings stability

 Vatican Forced To Deny Senior Cardinal Is Mastermind Of Vatileaks Scandal Speculation has continued to gather pace that senior Church figures are behind the leaking of sensitive Vatican documents and that butler Paolo Gabriele . . . is nothing more than a scapegoat. Robert Mugabe named international tourism ambassador in latest UN absurdity Syrian ambassadors expelled from countries including UK, France and US Apparent human foot delivered to Conservative Party HQ In a country with compulsory voting, 1.5 million potential voters missing from Australian electoral rolls.  71% of Britons said they felt the open doors approach to foreign nationals was leading to an increase in racist feelings Pakistan death decree over wedding video Four women and two men have been sentenced to death in northern Pakistan for singing and dancing at a wedding Robert Mugabe appointed as UN international envoy for tourism Indian Army team heads for Mt.Everest to bring down 4,000kg of trash left by climbers. ISIS loses Tikrit Generous welfare benefits make people more likely to want to work, not less, new research suggests Latin American countries propose to remove all US military bases in Latin America Scottish Independence Figures Majority of Natives voted YES, Immigrants voted NO Calls and flights between Cuba and the United States are resumed Nearly Five Years After the BP Spill, Animals Are Still Dying in the Gulf of Mexico Iceland's government said Tuesday it would consider a revolutionary monetary proposal removing the power of commercial banks to create money and handing it to the central bank. Under the socalled Sovereign Money proposal, the country's central bank would become the only creator of money. Former military dictator Muhammadu Buhari defeats incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan in the Nigerian presidential election Standing ovation as Irish Senate passes SameSex Marriage Bill US Navy Beijing creating a 'great wall of sand' in South China Sea Palestine formally joins International Criminal Court The epicenter of the 21stcentury oil boom acknowledges fracking is linked to earthquakes. Top UK MP Brands Netanyahu War Criminal as Palestine Joins ICC Poll Americans Support Nuclear Deal With Iran by 21 Margin Canadian consul general's son killed in Miami, younger son arrested for murder report Inside the A320  Exclusive The final moments before the crash No 'bad thing' if Greece leaves euro Warren Buffett China rejects North Korea request to join AIIB Gambian woman forced into exile for posting video of police brutality Israel applies to join Chinabacked AIIB investment bank Former Blackwater gets rich as Afghan drug production hits record high Iraqi troops aided by Shi'ite paramilitaries have driven Islamic State out of central Tikrit, Prime Minister Haidar alAbadi said on Tuesday, but the fight to retake all of Saddam Hussein's hometown continued. BP steps up PR effort to insist all is well in the Gulf  Oil giant says area is making a rapid recovery but evidence mounts that wildlife is still struggling to rebound, 5 years after oil spill Council of Europe condemns Ukraine Maidan violence investigations fail European human rights standards ... there was no genuine attempt to pursue investigations. With 1st Nationwide Fracking Law, Germany Approaches A Ban  As long as the risks cannot be fully evaluated, fracking will be banned. Johns Hopkins University faces a $1 billion lawsuit, 800 former research subjects and their families blame the institution for its role in government experiments in the 1940s and 50s in Guatemala that infected hundreds of people with sexually transmitted diseases Dozens dead as Russian trawler with 130+ aboard sinks in Sea of Okhotsk Russia Is On The Dawn of a Prolonged Recession as Oil Prices Stay Low and Sanctions Remain in Effect Russian consulate in Yemen hit by Saudi coalition led airstrikes. Second flight recorder from Germanwings 9525 found Bodies of Japanese WWII soldiers believed to have been found in Palau cave sealed off for 70 years 37,000+ French tax dodgers admit owning secret accounts abroad A total of 37,703 people have filed revised tax forms after admitting to holding secret bank accounts abroad, mainly in Switzerland, the finance ministry revealed on Wednesday. IS enters Palestinian camp in Damascus; Jordan closes border Ban against a single blog post leads Turkish ISPs to censor all of WordPress Istanbul police kill woman carrying bomb near police HQ HSBC is 'castiron certain' to breach banking rules again, executive admits India Greenlights $730 Million Supercomputing Grid Syria Isis Destroys Tons of 'USMade Halal Chicken' while Millions Go Hungry Explosion and fire on the oil platform in Gulf of Mexico  45 hurt and 300 evacuated Nigerian prostitutes congratulate Buhari, declare nationwide free sex Cyprus criminalizes denial of 1915 Armenian genocide by Turks The Cypriot parliament passed a resolution penalizing denial of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes, modifying existing legislation, which required prior conviction by an international court to make denial a crime. Malaysian party tries to pass law reinstating amputation, stonings and public beatings/execution as criminal punishment  journalist makes satirical video about it  gets death, rape threats and is being investigated by police Germanwings CoPilot Had Researched Suicide and Cockpit Doors Migrant laborers in jeans and flipflops coerced into running a marathon in Doha, Qatar. Race officials were trying to set a world record for the most marathon participants but fell short by 17,000, even with the addition of the migrant workers. Vietnamese firms urged to demand TPP transparency, spell out concerns Despite pressure from the government of Saudi Arabia, the Quebec government will not stop efforts to free blogger Raif Badawi the Minister of Immigration, Diversity and Inclusion said. An air strike that killed at least 40 people at a camp for displaced people in north Yemen was a violation of international law and those responsible should be held accountable, the United Nations said on Tuesday. The 300yearold skeleton of a camel used by the Ottomans to invade Vienna has been identified by Austrian researchers after its discovery in a refuse pit was rescued from abandoned pit in Tulln, a Lower Austrian town on banks of the Danube in 2006, prior to the construction of a shopping centre. Russian Muslim leaders issue religious decree against ISIL Six people who hid in a supermarket refrigerator during January's Islamist attacks in Paris have sued French media for broadcasting their location live during the siege Iran Nuclear Deal Reached. After eight straight days of highlevel diplomatic negotiations between the six world powers and Iran, negotiators announced an interim agreement has been reached on the principles for dismantling Iran's nuclear program in exchange for lifting heavy economic sanctions. Terror attack over, 147 dead at Kenya university Tesla vehicle deliveries rise 55% in the first quarter Earth receiving mysterious radio signals from outer space; alien life source a possibility, believe astronomers China helps Pakistan, Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen evacuate nationals from Yemen Dutch company PlantLab has developed an indoor urban farming approach 40 times more productive than open fields. This technique could grow the world's vegetables and fruits in a space smaller than Holland. Iran nuclear talks Solutions found, says Javad Zarif Second Germanwings black box confirms copilot deliberately crashed the plane Hamas arrests Gaza merchants for refusing to sell lumber for tunnels Saudi Arabia Tells Canada They Dont Accept Any Attacks On Their Human Rights Record Because Our Constitution Is Based On Islamic Law Google will no longer recognize digital security certificates issued by the Chinese government Britain spied for several years on the Argentine government over fears of a fresh attempt to retake the Falkland Islands, documents released by American whistleblower Edward Snowden have claimed. Russia to give Tajikistan multibillion military aid to fight ISIS Joyful Iranians dance into night after nuclear breakthrough No Job? Pay Up. Belarus Imposes Fines for Being Unemployed Norway Reverts to Cold War Mode as Russian Air Patrols Spike President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner of Argentina has ordered the declassification of all secret documents on the 1982 Falklands war with Britain. Oil tumbles 5% after Iran reaches nuclear deal outline Large Hadron Collider set to resume operation this weekend. Brazil passed the United States as the largest buyer of pesticides. Kenya Religious leaders in Garissa disown attackers  We the Muslim Community of Garissa County condemn the heinous acts committed against innocents of Garissa University College; we sincerely send our heartfelt condolences to the families and friends of those killed. Artificial Sweeteners May Change Our Gut Bacteria in Dangerous Ways  In other words, artificial sweeteners may favor the growth of bacteria that make more calories available to us, calories that can then find their way to our hips, thighs and midriffs Russia Ready to Sell S300 Missiles to Iran If Sanctions Fall An Israeli air force jet allegedly bombed warehouses in Libya containing weapons purchased by Iran destined for Hamas. Hackers leak messages between Kremlin and Frances farright party Front National Iran eases ban on women attending sports matches Saudiled airstrike in Yemen kills family of nine, including 6 children Warning over thousands of unqualified teachers 'jeopardising' children's education in Britain  The latest government figures show that 17,100 unqualified teachers are working in publicly funded schools across England Survivor from Kenya massacre emerges after two days in wardrobe AlShabab, the Somali armed group that carried out a deadly attack on a Kenyan university killing 148 people on Thursday, has threatened to stage more attacks in the country. In a statement issued on Saturday, the group warned Kenyans that their cities will run red with blood. Cocaine instead of bananas found in Prague supermarket After Obama's cybersecurity order threatens Snowden fund, bitcoin donations spike Poland thanks Russia, China for help in Yemen evacuation Hundreds rally against Islamic extremism in Australia  Organizers claim they are not antiMuslim, while counter demonstrators say event motivated by racism Venezuelan hotels are asking tourists to bring their own toilet paper due to shortage State Department rejects Netanyahu's call for Iran deal to affirm Israel's 'right to exist' (Reuters)  A Chinese naval frigate has evacuated 225 foreign citizens from strifetorn Yemen, its foreign ministry said, marking the first time that China's military has helped other countries evacuate their people during an international crisis. Islamic State has taken control of 90 percent of a Palestinian refugee camp on the Damascus outskirts where 18,000 civilians have suffered years of bombing, army siege and militia control, a monitoring group said on Saturday. After Iraqi forces take Tikrit from ISIS, a wave of looting and lynching occurs. The Russian Government Runs a Troll Agency to Flood the Internet With Propaganda Romania will expel seven foreign nationals accused of recruiting members for the Islamic State group and AlQaeda and propagating their ideas in the eastern European country Now, drones to be used to disperse mobs in Lucknow Kim Jongun Assembles New Pleasure Squad of Young Women Benjamin Netanyahu Says Final Nuclear Deal Must Include Irans Recognition of Israel Russian ships in old Arctic NATO base set alarms bells ringing President Rouhani Iran Will Honor Framework For Nuclear Agreement If World Powers Do US forces to hold exercises in Ukraine Islamic State takes 90 percent of Palestinian Damascus refugee camp monitor Pakistanis campaign against new laws that may limit internet freedom Dope to cope One in 5 families admit to using sedative drugs on their children for road trips. LHC restarts after long rebuild The restart of the Large Hadron Collider is now under way, with protons making their way around its 27km tunnel for the first time since 2013 50 weeks shared parental leave takes effect in UK Francis Maude warned by scientists over 'chilling effect' of new media rules changes to the UK civil service code threaten to stop thousands of publiclyfunded scientists from expressing their views on some of the most pressing issues faced by modern society Former president Fidel Castro appears in public in Cuba for the first time in 14 month. Malta the first country to outlaw forced surgical intervention on intersex minors The son of a Kenyan government official was one of the masked gunmen who killed nearly 150 at a university last week, the interior ministry said on Sunday, as Kenyan churches hired armed guards to protect their Easter congregations. ISIS thugs destroy walls and statues at UNESCO World Heritage site in Iraq 'India capable of developing ICBM beyond 10,000 kms range' China Unveils Three New NuclearPowered Attack Submarines New research links pesticides to monarch butterfly declines Trade unions and artists have condemned the conditions faced by migrant workers building a 17bn cultural hub in the United Arab Emirates, including new branches of the Louvre and the Guggenheim museums, as akin to an open prison. Royal Navy nuclear submarine suffers 500,000 damage after 'hitting floating ice' while tracking Russian vessels More and more Russians are trading in vodka and cigarettes for gym memberships, according to a report released by the government on Sunday. After a year at war, Ukraine's economy is in shambles. 'The seeds of neoNazism are germinating,' says Trglitz, Germany exmayor after arson attack The arson attack at a housing block in Trglitz  where 40 refugees were to move in next month  has taken the recent xenophobia here to a new level Malaysia Helicopter crashes with MP aboard Indonesia Frees 300 Men Found Enslaved on Island. Iran announces Women may now attend male sports  within limits Hundreds rallied Saturday in the Gaza Strip in support of thousands of fellow Palestinians trapped in Syria's Yarmuk camp, which has been largely overrun by jihadist fighters Muslim Community Leader Appeals to Double the Number of Mosques in France OSCE monitors declare humanitarian catastrophe in eastern Ukraine Malaysian helicopter crash kills PM's senior aide and former envoy to U.S. Australia surges to world's sixthlargest arms importer Lithuanian prosecutors restart investigation into CIA jail | Lithuanian prosecutors said they had restarted an investigation into allegations that state security officials helped the CIA run a secret jail in the Baltic state as part of the agency's global program to interrogate al Qaeda suspects. Top ISIS leader who was once Saddam general killed in Fallujah Turkish authorities have blocked access to Twitter, Youtube and Facebook over the publication of photos published on the three social media platforms, showing a prosecutor who was taken hostage by militants in Istanbul last week. Rupert Murdoch's US empire siphons $4.5 billion from Australian business virtually taxfree French commandos free Dutch hostage in Mali, held for 3.5 years British law changed so nuclear waste dumps can be forced on local communities  Legislation rushed through in the final hours of parliament allows local planning laws to be bypassed, seriously alarming antinuclear campaigners Poland to build Russia border towers at Kaliningrad Russian Journalist Reporting on Corruption Kidnapped in Dagestan Air India's 'unsound mind' copilot reportedly beats up captain inside cockpit UN official Situation at Palestinian refugee camp in Syria 'beyond inhumane'  Middle East US ambassador barred from Prague Castle by Czech President Museum exhibits evidence of Japanese vivisection of US POWs during WWII US geologist freed after serving 8 years in China prison Pope to world Don't ignore killing of Christians Israelis targeted UN peacekeepers in Lebanon Spanish report Protesters march in Rio after police kill boy, 10, amid clashes with gangs Police shot Eduardo Ferreira last week, apparently thinking he had a gun. Bulgaria puts up a new wall along its border with Turkey to stem the flow of refugees Boy, 14, And Girl, 16, Held By AntiTerror Police 100 school teachers face the sack in UK extremist probe Pope Francis prayed for an end to the persecution of Christians in his Easter Sunday address, commemorating the students massacred by Islamist militants at Garissa University in Kenya. French special forces rescue hostage in Mali detained since 2011, capture militants India launches air quality index to give pollution information An al Qaeda offshoot in North Africa has claimed responsibility for an attack Monday in northern Mali on an International Red Cross vehicle that killed one aid worker and left one injured. A spokesman for the group claimed they succeeded due to the help of the hand of Allah Thailands Prime Minister Wants to Shut Down Media Outlets That Dont Praise the Government Abbas rejects Israel's partial transfer of Palestinian tax revenues; money had been deducted to cover debts to Israeli utility companies. Islamist militants hit Egypt's two largest cities on Sunday with a bombing in Cairo and an attack on a church in Alexandria, leaving one policeman dead and seven people wounded Russian fighter's confession that he killed 15 Ukrainian prisoners of war may be considered evidence of war crimes The Greek government says Germany owes Greece nearly 279bn (204bn; $303bn) in war reparations for the Nazi occupation during World War Two. It is the first time Greece has officially calculated what Germany allegedly owes it for Nazi atrocities and looting during the 1940s. U.S. expected to remove Cuba from state sponsors of terrorism list. China will keep records of uncivilised behaviour by its tourists for up to two years, the country's tourism agency said on Tuesday, to combat a spate of incidents abroad in recent years which it said reflected badly on the country's image. Child sex abuse victim Richard Kerr I was molested by powerful people in London A former spy has described the debate within the CIA over the arrest, rendition and torture of Canadian Maher Arar, saying multiple colleagues warned against it because they were convinced they were punishing an innocent man Barack Obama rejects Benjamin Netanyahus call for Iran to recognize Israel Insecticide Blamed for Monarch Butterfly Decline Police in India announce plans to deploy crowd control drones that, can be used to shower pepper powder on an unruly mob in case of any trouble. Boko Haram disguised as preachers kill at least 24 in Nigeria Islamic State brings down Syria's historical Virgin Mary Church Australian ISPs ordered to hand over the identities of thousands of people who allegedly shared a movie online. Yemen Saudi airstrike hit school Former Israeli military intelligence chief Amos Yadlin says Iran deal isn't a bad agreement Captain deliberately sank illegal fishing vessel, claim Sea Shepherd rescuers  Conservationist groups 4month pursuit of Thunder ended off west Africa, with the captain cheering & applauding as the boat went down, say rescue crew Reports of Russian Nuclear Submarine On Fire Italian Holocaust survivors to skip Liberation Day parade after Jewish group banned Iraqi teams start exhuming mass grave of soldiers in Tikrit. Last year, ISIS captured around 1,700 soldiers as they were trying to flee Camp Speicher and killed them. 'World's oldest person' dies after holding title for just six days. Russia Readying Up To $1.2 Billion For Tajikistan To Fight Against ISIS. Turkey Deports German Photojournalist Who was to Cover Armenian Genocide Article More than 1 million Swedish Internet users' search patterns can be monitored through a 'spy code' within Webpage Screeshot program, IT security experts warn Women from Sierra Leone 'sold like slaves' into domestic work in Kuwait | Pete Pattisson | Global development El Salvador sees most deadly month in 10 years as violence overwhelms nation Top nuclear experts endorse Iran deal Denmark taxes fatty products  Denmark is to impose the world's first fat tax in a drive to slim its population and cut heart disease. Saudi King Abdullah has revoked a sentence of 10 lashes imposed on a woman for breaking the ban on women driving in the conservative kingdom Christian Pastor sentenced to death in Iran A court in Bahrain jails 20 medics who treated protesters for up to 15 years Europe supports Palestinian statehood  The right of Palestinians to advance in the international community as an independent state is unquestionable, the European Parliament declared. Just 60 babies a year adopted in England  
Thousands of children are being held in limbo in care homes, secure units & temporary fostering Australian women will be allowed to serve in frontline combat roles after the government said it was dropping all gender restrictions for the military I Can Find An Indicted Warlord  
His name is Bosco Ntaganda. He owns a bar, a farm and a mansion in Goma, eastern Congo. And the ICC has a warrant out for him. So why isn't he in jail? Because his gang pretty much runs Goma. If you cross him, he kills you. Or worse France threatens military action against Iran Fracking & Drilling Coming to the Famous Waters of Bath  There's great concern the shale boom will ruin the deep water sources that supply the natural hot springs MEXICO Supreme Court ruling says life begins at conception  Japan 'scared' of telling truth to Fukushima evacuees A former adviser to the Japanese cabinet has revealed the government has known for months that thousands of evacuees from around the Fukushima nuclear plant will not be able to return to their homes. Be afraid  Unless politicians act more boldly, the world economy will keep heading towards a black hole Egyptian security forces have stormed the offices of AlJazeera Egypt, confining its journalists to one room and confiscating equipment. Saudis export antiChristian and antiJewish textbooks across the world  Report The human cost of chocolate In Africa, an Election Rejects Chinese Involvement Nokia to axe another 3,500 jobs Japan tsunami 10m yen donation found in Tokyo toilet Water supply nearing limit for food production just to relax, here's a little game how much do you know about italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi? Palestinian statehood bid kicked into committee by UN security council Western governments shy about defending human rights; liberty declined for the fifth year in a row.  Rampant cheating at Chinese games exposed The Chinese desire to win at all costs has created a culture of rampant cheating among athletes, including one team of men who donned wigs to compete in a female dragon boat race, according to a report by sports officials. 

Al Jazeera correspondent Gabriel Elizondo paints a shocking portrait of life in the Brazilian Amazon through the story of a couple who lived & died for the rainforest Japans ruling party proposed a 9.2 trillion yen ($120 billion) tax increase and selling the governments stake in Japan Tobacco Inc. to fund rebuilding from the March 11 earthquake and nuclear disaster. 'Voting is worthless'? Global protests share contempt for democracy  From India to Israel to Spain, and even on Wall Street, demonstrators appear to have little faith in the ballot box More Trouble For Chevron Company Loses Latest Stage of Amazon Pollution Battle A US appeals court unfroze an $18 billion damages award over contamination of an indigenous tribe's land in Ecuador Israel allows settler expansion Israel, Rejecting Palestinian Demands, Plans Housing Outside 1967 Boundaries Europe and US condemn Israel settlement plans Yemen's Unhappy Ending  Sometimes, the bad guys win. Putin, the last Czar Hunt on for Russian nuclear smuggler... NATO soldiers, Kosovo Serbs injured as border violence flares After being threatened with a lawsuit by the Hollywoodfunded antipiracy outfit BREIN, a Dutch payment provider has handed over the personal details of a torrent site owner European Commission presents financial transaction tax Al qaida tell Ahmadinejad to end 9/11 conspiracy theories. Bulgaria's Ethnic Clash  Riots sparked by Roma indifference Israeli Parliamentarians Respond to Bid for Statehood by Calling for Annexation of West Bank India To Begin Production of Nuke Missile Indian army to hold joint exercises with 16 friendly forces (US, UK, France, Russia, Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Nepal, Maldives, Seychelles, Singapore, Indonesia and Thailand) Was the BBC victim of a hoax? No, say the Yes Men AP reveals details of corporate espionage campaign that calls into question ethics of former News of the World editor Piers Morgan Syria 'targeting Homs scientists' A nuclear physics professor has been killed outside his home in the Syrian city of Homs, the latest in a series of deaths of scientists in the city. Syrian tanks pound antiAssad fighters for 2nd day
 Chinese police sorry for failure to unearth deadly sex dungeon A military court in Bahrain upholds life sentences for eight Shia activists convicted over their role in protests earlier this year. The World from Berlin Obama's EuroCrisis Lecture Is 'Pitful and Sad' Return of the Islamists  A Questionable Form of Freedom for North Africa Al Jazeera news director resigns after WikiLeaks disclosure reveals that the network edited its coverage of the Iraq war because of pressure by the US government Mexican President Caldern Hints at Drug Legalization Again  [If] the consumption of drugs cannot be limited, then decisionmakers must seek more solutionsincluding market alternativesin order to reduce the astronomical earnings of criminal organizations. Italy puts 7 scientists on trial for manslaughter for failing to predict earthquake that killed 300. 35 bodies found on a road in peak hour traffic in Mexico... Palestinian foreign minister says he was amazed by US efforts to persuade other countries not to support the membership effort The world's first unauthorized autobiography A draft of Julian Assange's book will be published after he backed out but didn't return the money. Iran Has Released Jailed Americans Website of Iraqi Ministry of Higher Education gets hacked (NSFW) Saudi Arabia executes man convicted of sorcery Turkey has come up with a radical solution for tackling crowd violence at soccer matches  ban the men and let only women and children in. Could the Pirate party's German success be repeated in Britain? Scottish nuclear fuel leak 'will never be completely cleaned up'  
The Scottish Environment Protection Agency has abandoned trying to remove all contamination from the north coast seabed UK Government considering removing living allowance from terminally ill people. Oh, and sending them worrying letters about it BEFORE it goes into law. Because if you're terminally ill, you need the extra stress.   Explosion in Amsterdam Turkey bombs Kurdish rebels in Iraq Typhoon heads towards Fukushima. Storm leaves four dead in central Japan as 130mph winds threaten to cause damage at nuclear plant. Al Jazeera head quits after CIA links row Al Jazeera's Wadah Khanfar on why he quit. In an interview with Al Jazeera, Khanfar discusses his decision to resign and dispelled suspicions that it was linked to political pressures There have always been pressures, but our editorial policy has never been swayed. Palestinian refugees will not become citizens of a new Palestinian state, according to Palestines ambassador to Lebanon China's Railways Ministry  worlds 4thlargest employer  refuses to compensate highspeed crash victims Mexico 35 bodies dumped on busy roadway by gunmen as motorists watched in horror Thirteen killed or missing as typhoon hits Japan 'Hell on earth' Detailed satellite photos show death camps North Korea still deny even exist BBC News  India Half a dollar a day 'adequate', says panel New Zealand teen banned from the internet after making bomb threats against the government in a Youtube video. Italy Proposes Law That Will Ban People From The Internet Based On Single Accusation Of Infringement From Anyone Oktoberfest 2011 [pics]
 A US court has overturned a block on Ecuadoreans collecting damages totalling $18.2bn from Chevron over Amazon oil pollution World's Deadliest Volcano Rumbles  it blew up two centuries ago with 10 times the force of Krakatoa and caused a year without a summer  AlJazeera's directorgeneral's career at the top of the most important news organisation in the Arab world ended on Tuesday when he was replaced by a member of the Qatari royal family. It was an abrupt and dramatic move that  raises fears for channel's independence. Saudi Arabia beheads Sudanese man convicted of 'sorcery' UN leader Ban Kimoon Monday accused big business of putting public health at risk to protect their own profits as he launched a summit on everyday diseases killing tens of millions each year. Hugo Chavez orders Venezuela's $29 billion in international reserves out of traditional havens in Switzerland, Britain and the U.S. to banks of its principal creditor nations  China and Russia. Explosion rocks downtown Turkish capital What Wikileaks Tells Us About Al Jazeera Is the rapidly expanding Middle East satellite television network and voice of the Arab Spring as independent as it claims? Head of Al Jazeera resigns Who Are the Pirates from Berlin?  
They are handy with computers and are interested in issues relating to the Internet. Is that all? Many Berliners have been scratching their heads about the true identity of Germany's youngest political party. But the answer is simple They're the new Greens. China closes solarpanel plant after protests. The solarpanel plant in the Chinese city of Haining was the target of four days of demonstrations by villagers who said it was causing air and water pollution. Its operator, JinkoSolar, apologizes.
 'Ready for change' Pirate Party is the real winner in Berlin state election   With 8,9 percent of the vote, the Pirate Party has successfully cleared the fivepercent hurdle to win seats in Berlin's state parliament. It's the party's chance to make its debut in Germany  but what is its platform? China says supports Palestinians' U.N. aspirations Robert Fisk Why the Middle East will never be the same again Economy enters 'dangerous phase' EU issues warning after Turkey, Cyprus energy exploration row escalates  Turkey's energy minister has threatened to launch a gas and oil exploration in the eastern Mediterranean if Cyprus doesnt abandon offshore drilling plans. The EU has called on both countries to resolve the dispute. More than a million people in central and western Japan have been urged to leave their homes as a powerful typhoon approaches. Abbas presses Palestinian UN bid, despite warnings New Devastating Pakistan Floods [pics] Chinese bank stops FX trades with European banks Japanese defense contractors get hit by cyberespionage effort Attackers target missile, shipbuilding, and submarine facilities Happy birthday, number seven billion Does Germany Owe Greece $95 Billion from WW II? Scientists claim to have broken the absolute speed barrier  particles travelling faster than the speed of light. The first Syrian woman (18 years old) to be killed in custody  decapitated, arms cut off, and skin removed  all to put pressure on her activist brother to turn himself in. Bill Clinton Netanyahu to blame for failure of peace process In a suburb of Vancouver, antiwar activists are protesting that George W. Bush not be allowed in the city for an upcoming summit, calling him a mass murderer. Muslim nations demand Israel open its nuke program to IAEA viewing Wikileaks cables Chevron tried to shake off multibillion environmental claims in Ecuador by lobbying government officials, even as it blasted opponents for allegedly playing to the courts' corrupt and political side A man who burned to death in his home died as a result of spontaneous combustion, an Irish coroner has ruled. It is believed to be the first case of its kind in Ireland. Polio outbreaks in China have been confirmed Russia wants UN to ban antigovernment propaganda on Internet Palestinians to make statehood bid at UN World now has 'more people dying from obesity than malnutrition' President Abbas receives ovation at UN Palestinian statehood goes to UN in key moment for peace process Thousands riot in south China over gov's land grab sticks, bricks and fists British lawyer leading fight against News International crosses Atlantic to initiate proceedings targetting Rupert Murdoch and his son James. Best and worst countries to be a woman. Ahmadinejads antiU.S. speech prompts walkout at UN assembly Police with the worst records of targeting black people have decided to stop recording the ethnicity of the people stopped Palestinian Statehood Abbas Submits Formal Proposal To The UN Thousands of jubilant Palestinians cheer their president submit his historic request for recognition of a state of Palestine to the UN Germany Has 5 Trillion Euros of Hidden Debt, Handelsblatt Says India's Bias for Boys Leads to Illegal Gender Selection Abortions China police detain man over 'sex slaves' in basement Abbas Submits Palestine Statehood Bid to UN IAEA won't discuss Israel's 'nuclear capabilities' after Arab proposal dropped  Behindthescenes diplomacy at the International Atomic Energy Association leads to Arab states withdrawing their motion. Child rapist to get less time than pot grower (Canada) 
 Sonapur  Dubai's City Of Gold  
The men who build Dubai are housed out of town in cramped and dilapidated concrete quarters. They are granted very few rights and treated like indentured labour. This photo essay shows a little of what their lives are like France Breaks with Obama on Palestinian Statehood Issue China on Thursday angrily demanded the Obama admin cancel its plans to upgrade Taiwans aging fleet of F16 fighter jets, warning that the decision will harm U.S.China ties overall & military cooperation between the two countries. Greeks Ask Why All the Suffering?  

Greeks are wondering what the end game is. 
Increasingly Greeks see themselves as victims. One paper opined that the country was being placed on a sacrificial altar. French women fined for breaching veil ban  Paris court issues its first ruling on controversial new law passed in April after parliamentary approval. China disgusted by antics of 'capital playboys', an elite group of young property developers from rich families with money to burn, time to kill, filmstar girlfriends & a sense of entitlement Surprisingly, Norwegians are less open to extended antiterror measures after the recent terrorist attack on Oslo and Utya Global Stocks Tumble After Grim Forecast by the Fed The Curious Case Of The Vanishing Chinese City Sarkozy calls for observer state status at UN, while Obama urges more negotiations over Palestine UK to pay victims over 1972 Bloody Sunday massacre  Britain said Thursday it will offer compensation payments to the families of people killed and wounded on Bloody Sunday, a nearly 40yearold massacre by British paratroopers in Northern Ireland that fueled Irish Catholic support for the IRA. India temple Last treasure vault stays shut   The final vault at a temple in India's Kerala state should not be opened until treasure already recovered is fully documented, the Supreme Court says. Oxfam Warns of Spiralling Land Grab in Developing Countries  
Many of world's poorest being left worse off by unprecedented land deals, despite claims by governments & speculators Gas field to turn Blackpool into Dallasonsea  
Huge scale of natural gas field in England found Poll 70% of Israelis say Israel should accept UN decision Red Cross Obese outnumber hungry
 Suicide bomber with hidden explosives has killed Hamid Karzai's chief peace envoy in the heart of Kabul. Venezuela in talks on $6 billion settlement with Exxon Police in the UK stop recording race of people they stop Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff urges reform at UN Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has demanded a greater role for emerging nations in addressing the global economic crisis.  Company Said to Push Ugandans Off Land  According to Oxfam, the Ugandan government and a British forestry company forcibly expelled more than 20,000 people from their homes here in recent years. Scottish clan wants its tropical paradise returned Julian Assange on hacking Further accusations against Church of Scientology leader David Miscavige of violence. BBC News  Women in Saudi Arabia 'to vote and run in elections' Pirate Party  Children of Marx and Microsoft  They demand transparency and direct democracy, and almost one in ten voters in Berlin gave them their vote. The Pirate Party is no longer just a party for Netnerds in hoodies, but represents demands from across society.  BBC News  Muslim peace conference condemns terrorism Obama rescinds Bush order, sends 55 'bunker buster' bombs to Israel China cancels dog meat festival after tens of thousands complain online Mecca for the rich Islam's holiest site 'turning into Vegas' On The Desert Trail Of Tony Blair's Millions  
Tony Blair has an interlocking web of jobs, and professional and commercial interests. Among them, he works simultaneously for JP Morgan, his own consultancy and as a Middle East envoy. Whatever happened to conflict of interest? [French link] The French left wins a majority in the Senate for the first time in the 5th Republic Tony Blair had six secret meetings with Col Gaddafi in the three years after he left Downing Street The World Bank has announced it is increasing funding for the drought in the Horn of Africa to nearly $2bn.  India backs Palestine PM at UN General Assembly  Iran, Russia, and China are considering a joint missile shield in response to a NATO missile shield Red squirrel and hedgehog on verge of extinction in UK Police find decapitated body of Mexico newspaper editor Tony Blair is Making a Lot of Money  
New investigations by the British press are about to reveal how Amnesty International New evidence of Syria brutality emerges as womans mutilated body is found Gunfire heard from a compound believed to house the CIA office in Kabul. West Bank tensions grow as Jewish women settlers learn how to use guns Turkey imposes arms embargo on Syria, PM 
Erdoan says they have cut all contacts with 
Damascus. Arrests in Nigeria after gangrape posted on internet The Nigerian police have arrested two people in connection with the gangrape of a woman posted on the internet.  Turkeys prime minister has signaled a joint military offensive with Iran against their common enemy Kurdish rebels based in northern Iraq. Worried Greeks Fear Collapse of Middle Class Welfare State Radioactivity in Japan Rice Raises Worries Radiation Levels Prompt More Tests Mass grave found near Tripoli prison A Plea for the Palestinian Cause  Abbas Appeals to the World's Conscience Yao Ming urges Chinese to give up shark fin soup  New campaign hopes to stop sharkfinning  slicing off the fins of live animals & then throwing them back in the water to die  Medvedev proposes Putin for president in 2012 Abbas officially submits Palestinian application for full 
UN membership Canada's crime plans bewilder international observers Russia may legalize cannabis for agriculture, industrial use President Felipe Calderon OK on legalizing pot Universities in Bahrain should reinstate all students  who were expelled for attending peaceful protests BBC News  Big firms to get hotline to ministerial buddies EU given six weeks to protect itself against 'inevitable 
Greek default' Russia's Medvedev backs Putin for president China Detains Journalist for Article on Sex Slaves  NYTimes.com If he wore a condom, it wasn't rape Rape cases rarely appear in the Chinese justice system. Bullfighting in Barcelona to end with Catalonia ban Belgian parties reach 2nd breakthrough in 2 weeks 
in record talks to form new government Exofficials Iran nuclear effort hit by sabotage  assasinations, computer viruses, unexplained explosions, equipment failures Talent shows in China No voting please, were Chinese | The Economist Chavez foe launches presidential bid in Venezuela Peru's new government changes its drugfighting tactics We need to move from eradication to reduction. Syria The revolution will be weaponised. Journalist Nir Rosen discusses armed struggle with army officers who have defected to join the opposition. UN agency confirms raw uranium in Libya 
 Mission Clarity Pope Benedict's Blunt New World  It has been billed as Pope Benedict XVI's most difficult trip abroad to date. But so far in Germany, the pope has not sought to shy away from controversy. His bluntness has surprised many  and could transform the visit into a rousing success You Should Be Ashamed!  Russian democracy, civil society, and economy may all look bad from the outside. But to hear Putin talk, its the West that should be embarrassed. Damned if we do impose sanctions on Syria. And damned if we don't  Foreign companies are enriching Assad's brutal regime  but even the Syrian people are divided on the issue of sanctions Bogota mayor Samuel Moreno jailed pending trial The mayor of the Colombian capital, Bogota, has been sent to prison pending his trial on corruption charges.  Bolivian official held at highway protest Marchers opposed to a highway that Bolivia plans through an indigenousinhabited nature preserve have briefly detained the foreign minister in the country's eastern lowlands.   Turkey's PM asks Why are UN sanctions promoted as a means of dealing with Iran and Sudan, but taboo with regards to Israel? BBC Speechless As Trader Tells Truth The Collapse Is Coming...And Goldman Rules The World Iraq to buy US warplanes worth $3 billion Blast destroys Egyptian gas pipeline supplying Israel and Jordan Saudi woman to be lashed for defying driving ban. Share Traders More Reckless Than Psychopaths, Study Shows Ireland tortured its children, says Amnesty  The abuse of thousands of innocent children in state and churchrun institutions in Ireland amounted to torture, a scathing report from Amnesty has found. The Watchtower, the magazine for Jehovah's Witnesses, is under investigation by British police, after complaints that it is in breach of religious hatred laws
 Mikhail Gorbachev, the man who presided over the breakup of the Soviet Union, has warned Russia risks six lost years if Vladimir Putin returns to the presidency. Two thousand years after they were written and decades after they were found in desert caves, some of the worldfamous Dead Sea Scrolls went online for the first time on Monday [26 September 2011] in a project launched by Israel's national museum and the web giant Google. The 'Worm' That Could Bring Down The Internet  NPR BBC denies market trader who earlier claimed he 'dreamed of another recession' was a member of the 'yes men' hoax group An explosion destroyed an Egyptian pipeline in Sinai that supplies Israel and Jordan with gas. Mutilated woman, slain brother become symbols of Syria's pain  CNN.com French police round up Roma people in 
Marseille Powerful Typhoon Nesat hits Philippines World's Engineers Say They've Solved Carbon Crisis UK Liberal Democrats Overwhelmingly Back Overhaul of Drug Laws Brazilian cops arrested in judge assassination probe SAUDI ARABIA Woman sentenced to flogging for driving Egypt's 1st postMubarak election to begin Nov. 28 StraussKahn seeks dismissal of assault case, claiming diplomatic immunity  Former IMF chief Dominique StraussKahn has filed for a civil case against him to be dropped on the grounds of diplomatic immunity. He said the false sexual assault claims had hampered efforts to right the economy. Young Iranians risk police raids to party together Dalai Lama made to wait for South African visa  Delay in granting visit visa to Tibetan spiritual leader triggers speculation that Beijing is pressuring Pretoria. Ireland Printing Its Old Currency, Just in Case  Ireland's central bank reportedly is printing Ireland's old currency in case the country leaves the eurozone. Egypt's revolution has become a military coup Egypt's army, which continues to cement  and flaunt  its grip on power, appears to have hijacked the revolution Cancer drug trial halted in UK for being too successful Doctors at the Royal Marsden Hospital in London concluded that it would have been unethical not to offer it to all 922 cancer patients on the trial after the drug was shown to ease pain and cause only minor sideeffects Barcelona Holds its Very Last Bullfight  Fans mourn, opponents cheer Britain's Lib Dems overwhelmingly adopted a resolution supporting the decriminalization of drug possession and the regulated distribution of marijuana... UK bans marching for 30 days RIP Wangari Maathai, Africa's first female Nobel Laureate & renowned environmentalist Saudi Arabia to give women right to vote Saffron could displace opium poppies as Afghans cash crop of choice  The Globe and Mail Greek students interrupt state TV news programme. The youths held up a banner reading Stop watching and get out onto the streets You Were Expecting Statehood?  
As the Palestinians learned last week, the U.N. serves the interests of great powers. Just as it was meant to. Two Tibetan Monks Set Themselves On Fire In China Online activists hack official Syrian sites  Several government websites defaced by Anonymous, as crackdown on protests in Homs and elsewhere continues. HRW urge the Canadian gov't to be prepared to bring criminal charges against former U.S. vicepresident Dick Cheney when he visits Vancouver on his book tour next week A mass grave with the remains of 1,700 prisoners killed during a notorious crackdown by Muammar Gaddafi's regimehas been found, the country's new rulers say. Greece prepares to default within the euro BRICS plan to revive the global economy 
Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa are worried about the world economy and they want fundamental reforms. Will The IMF Save The World?  
A potential recession in the eurozone and a weak recovery in the United States does not make for a world crisis. Beware people who demand that the world be saved  usually they are making the case for a bailout of some kind Zambian election results check Chinese influence in Africa  The election victory of King Cobra Michael Sata is a blow to Beijing.
 Iran, India, Pakistan, & Mongolia have most polluted cities in the world  
World Health Organisation's 1st global survey of fine particle pollutants says Canadian & US towns among cleanest Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Proved Israel Doesn't Want Peace Sarkozy aide's wife claims he handled 'bags of cash' for illegal political funds  Europe  Independent.co.uk Woman decapitated in Mexico for web posting... UN Security Council to consider Palestinian membership Israel and Palestine give up on America Turkey 'hunts down' Israeli commandos on Facebook b'Covert CIA Detention Center on British Soil Revealed' U.S. Protects War Criminals Karadzic was protected by the United States until a CIA phone bug caught him breaking the terms of his 'deal.' b'Muslims can't say it, but it's clear they don't accept us. Here no one can speak the truth on this issue, so everybody's feelings are kept inside.' b'Is it just me, or do the olympics just not matter to anyone anymore?' b'French gays are worried about a newly created French intelligence database (EDVIGE) that will contain personal details on lawabiding citizens, including sexual orientation and HIV status.' The Struggle Against Jerusalem's Quiet Ethnic Cleansing b'Deported Palestinian refugee shot dead in Gaza.  He claimed asylum with a bullet wound, and warned he would be killed if he returned.' The Israelis 'congratulate' a Palestinian journalist on his winning of the Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism. Why 'cotton wool' children face risk of mental problems b' More than 10,000 detainees released in Iraq' Candidate who wants Olmert's job once 'sought deaths of 70 Palestinians a day' b'AlZawahiri, Al Qaeda no. 2, possibly dead' b'Why Pakistan is unlikely to crack down on Islamic militants' b'Israel and Middle East approaches a stark existential choice a nuclear holocaust or a nuclearfree Middle East' Mugabe's Storm Troopers Walk The Streets In Fear 'Rat people' forced to beg on Pakistan's streets [pics] b'Karzai says terrorism gaining deep roots in Pakistan' Thailand's Ousted Prime Minister's Wife, Sentenced to 3 Years' Jail By Its Supreme Court. b'ISRAEL will almost surely attack Irans nuclear sites in the next four to seven months' b'U.S. submarine radiation leak raises concern in Japan' b'New 3.2Gbps FireWire spec approved, not as fast as USB 3.0' b'Hawaii man accused of helping China design missile ' b'CBS alZawahiri might be dying' b'Antisemitism' b'Israel Power struggle leads to Netanyahu, hard man in a tough neighbourhood' Tony Blair and George Bush's phone conversation a week before Iraq invasion 'must be released' A Muslim teenager was murdered by her parents for bringing shame on her Pakistaniborn parents by leading a Western way of life and trying to go on dates with boys in the UK. Father, 56, in critical condition after being stabbed 
trying to shield dying son from gang pub attack Putin consolidates power, hires ousted ministers President Vladimir Putin ignored public opposition and hired some Russia's most unpopular former ministers Tuesday and Russian lawmakers debated a draconian bill that raises fines for joining unsanctioned protests 200fold. Canada's Telecom Companies Have Secretly Supported Internet Surveillance Legislation Private supply ship, SpaceX Dragon, rockets toward space station, opens new era of spaceflight A firstofitskind commercial supply ship rocketed toward the International Space Station following a successful liftoff early Tuesday, opening a new era of dollardriven spaceflight. Quebecs largest student group has vowed to defy the Quebec governments new emergency law, calling for a summer of protests and acts of civil disobedience. Europe's worst fear Spain and Greece spiral down together 36 More Arrested in Quebec Student Protests Leaked Memo High concentrations of dust and burned waste from Afghan 'Burn Pit' likely to impact veterans health for the rest of their lives.  Night of Protest in Montreal after 'Emergency Law' 
Police continue to attempt crackdown on 'one of the most amazing mass protests of the year' Research ship finds the world's oceans are 'plasticized' Veterans discard their service medals at antiNATO rally US Senate panel votes to cut aid for Pakistan, Egypt The return of the barbaric necklace in South Africa. 8 suspected criminals necklaced in Khayelitsha, Cape Town in the last 3 months by vigilantes An Historic Moment Private Cargo Rocket Heads to Space Station The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has said it is close to signing an accord with Iran after his talks in Tehran Germany isolated as Latin Bloc calls the shots The eurozone's 'Latin Bloc' is in full revolt. The trio of French, Italian, and Spanish leaders  backed by world powers  are to push for a radical shift in Europe's economic strategy at crucial summit on Wednesday Hollande will not go Dutch on drug policies France is one of Europes biggest cannabis consumers and has some of the toughest antidrug laws. UK prisoners must be given right to vote, European court rules Third of malaria drugs 'are fake' French ban of Monsanto GM maize rejected by EU The EU's food safety body ruled there is 'no specific scientific evidence' that the insectresistant strain is harmful to health or the environment Which Nations Consume the Most Water?  Much of the lifesustaining resource is traded across national borders 5.8 earthquake recorded 14 miles from Sofia, Bulgaria Four die on Mount Everest