 b'CIA recorded Pakistani intelligence officers helping to plan the bombing of the Indian embassy in Kabul (54 dead).' Today's Honour Killing  Man kills slutty sister in Jordan, may face 6 months in Jail.  Examination reveals she was  a virgin. b'India Vindicated by CIA Pakistan Charge' b'WTF Russia?!  'If we had no sexual harassment we would have no children,' the judge ruled.' b'Persian (Farsi) is waaaay easier than languages like Arabic. Consider learning it instead if interested in working in Middle East intelligence gathering / foreign affairs' b'Israeli Military Shoots 10 Year Old in the Head (includes graphic image)' b'There are 1.7 million rapes a year in South Africa. 75% are gang rapes.' b'China drops heavy Internet censorship  at least for now' Man Who Assisted in Burning Girlfriend's ExLover Wins Appeal b'A dozen academic instutions from around the world are now working frantically to save and evaluate the crumbling documents in Timbuktu' b'A Guide to the Shadowy Organizations That Rule the World' b'Afghanistan Not a Good War' b'Chinese woman jailed 18 months in US espionage case' CIA fucks India with Pakistan's dick and blames Taliban British girl's Brazilian lover murdered her, went to a party afterwards, then took pictures as he decapitated her and chopped up her body b'Friends identify man stabbed, beheaded on Greyhound bus' b'9,000 Couples to Marry on Lucky 8/8/08' b' Mofaz says Iran heading toward nuclear breakthrough' b'Beijing Olympic Organizing Committee Bans Professional Camera Equipment For NonPress Visitors' b'Explosion at Turkish School Dormitory Kills 17 Girls' b'Since Sunday, more than 40 illegal immigrants from countries like Morocco, Algeria, Rwanda and the Congo have been climbing cranes around the city' World's heaviest man goes on diet b'Pakistanis Aided Attack in Kabul, U.S. Officials Say' b'Reports on the finer points of a rectal examination.. make other sex scandals that once shocked people here  such as Monica Lewinsky and her blue dress  seem almost Victorian.' b'Pakistan denies spies behind Indian embassy attack ' Masked US cyclists apologize to Olympic organizers. Health be damned! We wouldn't want to offend the delicate sensibilities of the caring and compassionate Chinese government. b'Brazil On The Brink Of Civil War as rice farmers try to steal Indian reservation. Sad. Happening again. Kill the Indians. Steal their land. Give it to farmers who cut down all the trees. ' b'Texas Defies World Court, Executes Mexican Rapist' b'Penguins Dying in Record Numbers, Washing Up Closer to Equator' Protesters Detained for 'Free Tibet' Banner at Olympic Site (with pic) b'Bush says North Korea still axis of evil member' b'Bombshell report accuses French government of planning and helping to initiate the Tutsi genocide' b'UFO sightings  Its time for an official inquiry  Bedford Today' b'Malaysia, Indonesia Will Pump Out 40% More Palm Oil Biodiesel' b'The Lies of Hiroshima Live On, Props in the War Crimes of the 20th Century' b'Beijing Olympics Stadium Being Monitored for Structural Health' b'Italian government imposes national state of emergency' The highprofile arrest of Aafia Siddiqui, a Pakistani woman suspected of Al Qaeda links, brings attention to the 'disappeared' issue in Pakistan  Los Angeles Times b'Every Taxi in Beijing Bugged With GPSTagging Microphone For Instant Surveillance' b'Iran to scrap death by stoning ' Mauritanian army overthrows democratically elected government in coup d'etat b'A relative of Hitler is now Jewish and living in Israel. So is the son of a WaffenSS man. Tanya Gold talks to the descendants of Nazis who have embraced Judaism' b'They hunt cats in Switzerland' b'Rappeller hurt in plunge at preOlympics protest in S.F.  Demonstrators claim rope was cut.' Rep. Mark Kirk condemns persecution of Baha'is in Iran on House floor (H.Res. 1008) Coffee  Does Fair Trade Really Mean You're Trading Fairly? b'Honoring Staff Sgt. Matthew Bumpus, U.S. Army who recently died from Iraq Radiation Exposure' b'Sudanese refugee chosen as USA flagbearer at 2008 Olympics' b'Broad backing for Denmark in EU immigration tiff' b'Egyptian border patrol in open hunt for African refugees' b'Ridiculous U.S. Olympic Cyclists had to apologize for wearing smog masks' b'Secret EU security draft calls for Europewide police access to personal info, video and unmanned aerial surveillance drones, giving all data to US government' A quickthinking air traffic controller's texting saved an aircraft with five people on board which had lost all it's communications and electrical power b'Over 200 Israelis assaulted Palestinian and International worshippers who were holding a Christian prayer service at the site where a Palestinian Childrens Hospital will be built.' b'Russia and Georgia on Brink of War' Overweight children in Britain should not be labelled 'obese' because it's offensive, UK says. b'Skull of a European woman, who died 260 years ago, found in New Zealand, raising serious concerns about the fact that Captain James Cook was NOT the first European to step on the shores of the island.' Your Tax Dollars At Play Drug Bust Snags 56 Gov't Employees, Including Police b'And it starts Britons held in Beijing for protests over Tibet' b'Intense fighting in Georgia as South Ossetian cease fire collapses' b'Who killed the spirit of the Olympics? [Pic]' b'OxyContin bust nets 56 MiamiDade government employees' b'Israeli human rights groups slam IDF over minor charge of inappropriate behavior for shooting of bound Palestinian' b'Italian government imposes national state of emergency Maronis real plan is to incarcerate the largest possible number of refugees in the shortest period of time' b'Australian State legalises Industrial Hemp' Researchers at Durham University have drawn up the first ever 'Arctic Map' to show the disputed territories that states might lay claim to in the future. b'Censorship here is pervasive. It blankets all modes of public communication. Newspapers receive daily bulletins on what is not to be covered; TV is the mouth of the state.' b'Story of Dr Rene Haller Swiss Who Turned an African Wasteland into a Green Paradise' b'Olympic relay reaches Great Wall' b' Pakistan rulers agree to begin Musharraf impeachment' b'Pininfarina, Italian Car Designer, Dies in Turin Accident Today  ' b'Venezuelas Chavez Pushes for New World Financial System in Argentina' b'Stalinism Was Just as Bad as Nazism' b'AntiWar Website Operator Threatened By Armed Thugs' Police fear Maddie 'stolen to order' b'Italian mayor bans gatherings of three or more people as soldiers hit streets ' b'Man Decapitates Girlfriend And Walks Around Streets With Head' b'Ukrainian girls protest against a spree of sex tourism in Ukraine. Eager to draw public attention they choose sexy clothes and performed scenes depicting prostitutes abused by lecherous Casanovas ' b'US$ 50 mil scam www.beijingtickets2008.com and www .beijingticketing.com, websites linked to a fraud' War Criminal Karadzic 'lived under protectionof CIA agents until he broke deal' b'Iran claims testing of new weapon, warns of closing the Strait of Hormuz ' Israel's secret police are pressuring Palestinians in Gaza to spy on their community in exchange for urgent medical treatment b'Bomb Hidden in Trash Pile Kills 20 Somalis, at least 47 wounded' b'Nobel prize winner Alexander Solzhenitsyn dies aged 89' b'Sick Palestinians told that they need to become informers for Israel if they want access to medical treatment.' b'Iran threatens to shut Gulf shipping lanes' b'Nazi bunkers hidden for 50 years revealed by storm' b'Iran's president says he is open to nuclear talks  one day after he said he would not retreat one iota on the issue.' Mexico's Drug Cartels Take Barbarous Turn Targeting Bystanders b'Knights Templar to Vatican Give us back our assets' Israeli deputy Prime Minister Iran Wants to 'Holocaust' us AGAIN !! b'CIA veteran rips Agency, tests limits of right to publish without permission' b'Attack in China Kills 16 Border Patrol Officers' b'Phone records reveal network of unholy alliances' b'Looks like decapitation is all the rage these days... [WTF]' b'They are Arabs, they must die  Israeli' b'Housing Defaults Trend [PIC]' b'Saudi Shariah court judge arrested in Dubai for possessing hashish' Smog obscures Beijing's Olympic 2008 stadium b'Clan warfare in Gaza' Indian state to let forest guards shoot poachers on sight Maharashtra government says killing poachers will no longer be considered a crime after eight tiger deaths in the state this year. First Skydive without parachute successful! South Korea to Chemically Castrate Repeat Child Rapist Across Italy police are cracking down on Ferrari and Lamborghini drivers, but not because they are driving too fast. Italy, like so much of southern Europe, is drowning in debt, so police are pursuing drivers to make sure they are declaring and therefore paying taxes. Former president of Poland criminalization of drug use was a mistake Egyptians choose their leader for first time in 5,000 years Pakistan jails doctor who helped CIA find Bin Laden Shakil Afridi was charged with treason for running a fake vaccination programme to gather information for the American intelligence agency. Israeli gives up on Everest summit to help Turkish climber Wikileaks' Julian Assange to learn his extradition fate on 30 May An Islamist who believes that the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the United States were an American conspiracy is the frontrunner in Egypts presidential race, a new poll shows.  Montreal police brought the hammer down on student demonstrators Tuesday night, enforcing a controversial law that brought tens of thousands into the streets in a protest earlier in the day that drew international support.  Yemen is facing a food crisis of catastrophic proportions, with almost half the population going hungry and a third of children in some areas severely malnourished Video from an Israeli human rights group shows Israeli soldiers stood by as Jewish settlers opened fire on Palestinians. New Zealand to pull troops from Afghanistan Kidnapped Fishermen's Case Angers Chinese Public  Plight of 28 Chinese fishermen, who were kidnapped, robbed, stripped & held for 13 days by N Koreans, has inflamed public opinion, with Internet users questioning the Beijing govts close relationship with its reclusive ally in Pyongyang Romanian PM will not ratify ACTA Africa is experiencing some of the biggest falls in child mortality ever seen EU blocks France ban on Monsanto corn Based on the documentation submitted by France, there is no specific scientific evidence, in terms of risk to human and animal health or the environment Father of war veteran kidnaps shell shocked son from Canadian military base to get him treatment  DEABacked Honduran Commandos Put Gun to Honduran Boy's Head, Tell Him, If you don't talk we'll kill you. Piers Morgan freshly linked to phonehacking scandal by Jeremy Paxman's evidence. 'We want to live ... like human beings' Egyptians vote in first democratic presidential election Scientists have found more than 150,000 sites in the Arctic where methane is seeping into the atmosphere, according to a report published Sunday in the journal Nature Geoscience. Doctor Who Helped Track Osama Jailed  
Physician who helped the US track down Osama bin Laden has been convicted of high treason & sentenced to 33 years in prison Philippines China increasing ships at disputed shoal  Vessels include 5 government ships as well as dozens of fishing & utility boats. The Philippines currently has two vessels there. Georgia 'downs two Russian warplanes' as countries move to brink of war b'BREAKING Musharraf to be impeached.' b'Russia Today Columns of troops roll into South Ossetia; footage from fighting (YouTube)' b'Russian tanks are moving towards the capital of South Ossetia, which has reportedly been completely destroyed by Georgian artillery fire' Afghan children raped with 'impunity,' U.N. official says  this is sick, a three year old was raped and they do nothing b'150 Russian tanks have entered South Ossetia whilst Georgia shoots down two Russian jets.' Breaking Georgia invades South Ossetia, Russia warned it would intervene on SO's side The 'enemy combatent' trials are nothing but a sham Salim Haman has been sentenced to 5 1/2 years, but will be kept longer anyway just because they feel like it. b'Georgian troops retreat from S. Osettain capital, presumably leaving several hundred people killed. [VIDEO]' b'Did the U.S. Prep Georgia for War with Russia?' b'Rice Gives Green Light for Israel to Attack Iran Says U.S. has no veto over Israeli military ops' b'AnnouncingClass Action Lawsuit on Behalf of American Public Against the FBI' SoRussia and Georgia are at war and the NYT's top story is opening ceremonies of the Olympics?  What a fucking disgrace and yet further proof of the decline of journalism. China tells Bush to stay out of other countries' affairs b'Did World War III start today?' b'Georgia Invades South Ossetia  if Russia gets involved, will NATO absorb Georgia and unleash a full scale war?' b'AlQaeda Faces Islamist Backlash' b'Condoleezza Rice The US would not act to prevent an Israeli strike on Iran. Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak Israel is prepared for uncompromising victory in the case of military hostilities.' b'This is a busy day  The European Union has approved new sanctions against Iran in protest at its nuclear programme.' Georgia will withdraw 1,000 soldiers from Iraq to help fight off Russian forces in Georgia's breakaway region of South Ossetia b'Why the Pentagon Thinks Attacking Iran is a Bad Idea  US News & World Report' b'Caucasus in crisis Georgia invades South Ossetia' b'Indian shoe manufactory   And again in a series of you do not like your work?' b'Visitors Suffering from Mental Illnesses Banned from Olympics' No Help for Mexico's Kidnapping Surge b'American Killed By Chinese Man at The Olympics' b'Russia v. Georgia The Oil & Gas Implications  Georgia just so happens to be channeling 1m barrels/day of Caspian oil for the West through its territory' b' Did Invisible Hands Turn Beijings Staging Upside Down?' b'Russian FM NATO encouraged Georgia  it is necessary to pay attention to massive arms purchasing by Georgia ... special troops who had been trained by foreign specialists are used ' b'Everyone is hiding in basements. No one is taking care of the bodies. There are snipers everywhere.' b'38 dead after being bitten by vampire bats' Georgia's oil pipeline is key to U.S. support Mark Almond It's simplistic to cast Russia as sole villain in South Ossetia clashes b'Georgia declares state of war with Russia. ' b'Activist tries to show Tibetan flag at Olympic venue' b'August 1, 2008 International LargeScale Military Exercise Immediate Response 2008  American soldiers are very proud to serve alongside Georgian soldiers.' German minister says Georgia breaking international law' b'Georgia to remove all troops in Iraq to fight in breakaway South Ossetia' German woman spends decade in Palma's airport  b'BBC Iraqi Militias to Disarm If US Sets Withdraw Timetable' b'Israeli and Palestinian Trade Unions Reach Historic Agreement' b' Georgia parliament approves a state of war' b'1,500 dead as Russian troops raid Georgian town' b'Bagpipes in Beijing The amazed amateur Scottish band asked to play at Olympics ceremony' b'Olympic Message to Some in Beijing Is Please Leave' b'Freak Czech Train Crash Kills Seven After Hitting Collapsed Bridge' b'Protests occur worldwide as Beijing Olympics begin [pics]' b'Georgia & Russia  Lessons of the Ossetian War Dont Bait the Bear and Stop Making a Fetish Out of Borders' b'Russia behind Georgia cyberwar?' b'The US military has had a longstanding program to train Georgian troops for deployments in Iraq, where there are currently about 2,000 troops ...' Criminalization of drug use is spreading HIV BBC News  Fort Carson soldiers' killing spree after Iraq combat Former Swedish chief prosecutor demands explanation for Assange arrest order Catholic priest behind 1972 IRA bombing was protected by church and government officials Wikileaks Releasing CIA Paper Today [CNN] Russia returns to Afghanistan to fight drug war and smuggling with U.S. approval Marines find 72 bodies in northern Mexico UK MI6 worker found murdered in London flat Pakistan is a failed state, not because of Zardari, and not because of America. The European Union's top diplomat has slammed Israel for convicting a Palestinian activist who leads protests against the West Bank separation barrier The biggest megalopolis youve never heard of hides in the fog Nearly 600 Israelis have signed up for a campaign of civil disobedience, vowing to risk jail to smuggle Palestinian women and children into Israel for a brief taste of life outside the occupied West Bank The Anarchic Republic of Pakistan | Deep state of military and intelligence officials, supported by US, is nourishing terrorism, ruining country. Civilians helpless, politicians corrupt. A creeping coup dtat by the forces of darkness  Finland Suspends Swine Flu Shots After Vaccine Linked With Neurological Disorder Finlands National Institute for Health and Welfare (THL) has suspended the use of the H1N1 vaccine over fears that the shot is linked with narcolepsy. Iran Blogger May Face Charge of Waging War Against God British spy found murdered in London flat Hamas Exiled leader Meshaal deems Abbas too weak in upcoming talks (fatal blow to the Palestinian cause), urges Egypt and Jordan to boycott Avigdor Lieberman, told Israel Radio he realized that resuming settlement construction would antagonize both the U.S. and the Palestinians. But he said that maintaining tight restrictions on building would punish tens of thousands of people in the settlement Iran TestFires New Version of Fateh Missle To Add To Its Growing Arsenal  Hair Today, Prime Minister Tomorrow  Funny piece, serious point. Workingclass Turkish men have moustaches. Politicians must do same, to get votes. Opposition party doing much better after dumping cleanshaven leader for man with whiskers
 Devastating series of attacks across Iraq kill 55  Bolivian killing of Irish national allegedly linked to CIA. Mexican president says violence is progress in drug war Bodies of 72 People Found in Mass Grave in Northern 
Mexico After Shootout France in Afghanistan 'As Long As Necessary'  France will remain engaged in Afghanistan, with its allies, for as long as necessary and for as long as the Afghan people wish, said President Nicolas Sarkozy. There's a traffic jam in China that's 60 miles long and has already been going on for 10 days. It could last for weeks The Facebook list threatened 69 people with death if they didn't leave town.  In the past ten days, three teenagers on that list have been murdered. The 72Hour Expert  If you spend 72 hours in a place youve never been, talking to people whose language you dont speak, and you come back as the worlds biggest knowitall, youre a reporter  Arabic to become compulsory in Israeli schools On the BeijingTibet Expressway, a traffic jam began on August 14th.  It hasn't ended yet, and is now over 100 kilometers long. Hong Kong has expressed angry
shock at the Philippines after
the deaths of eight of its
tourists in a bus hijack,
cancelling all travel to the
country. It's official OIL companies cannot be held accountable (protected by the UN) The police, the Catholic Church and the government conspired to cover up a priest's role in one of the worst atrocities of terrorism in Northern Ireland Troubles Illegal Israeli Settlers Raid Palestinian House, Terrorize the Family, Burn Crops in Tulkarem and Nablus
 Israel is not cooperating with the UN Human Rights Council's probe of May's deadly raid on a Gazabound aid flotilla, and it was unclear if investigators will be able to speak with Israeli soldiers involved Somali militants storm hotel, 31 reported dead  Germany plans major restructuring of military  reducing the armed forces from 250,000 to 163,000 Ten things the Philippines bus siege police got wrong Malaysian activists on Tuesday applauded a decision by Norway's state pension fund to blacklist timber firm Samling Global, which is accused of rampant environmental destruction in Borneo. Megacities  Over the next two decades, the world will see a burst of urban expansion at a speed and on a scale never before witnessed in human history. But not all the world will take part. When you hear about the coming urban age, it's really a story about rising Asia A 63cmwide rocket handbuilt by two selfemployed engineers will next week herald the unlikely arrival of a new breed of space pioneers  the Danonauts In porn, a story of Iraq's politics BBC News  Plane crash kills 42 in northeastern China India and ChinaA Himalayan rivalry  Asias two giants are still unsure what to make of each other. But as they grow, they are coming closerfor good and bad  Iran unveils two assault boats Ahmadinejad Israel is too weak to attack Iran's nuclear facilities  Israel is too weak to face up to Iran militarily, the Iranian president said, adding that Jerusalem did not have the courage to do it... and I do not think its threat is serious. BBC News  Manila police admit bungling deadly bus siege Shunning of scans jars antiabortion lobbyist According to the Jerusalem municipality education budget for 20089, an average of 2,372 shekels (400) was spent on each child in the Jewish elementary school system, compared with 577 shekels on each child in the Arab elementary system Inside story on WikiLeaks | Al Jazeera CEO of Scandinavian megabank Let banks crash  Banks should not be treated differently than other firms Wikileaks founder says Australian intelligence warned him on August 11 to expect personal attacks. Four Israeli warplanes and one spy drone have illegally flown over Lebanon's airspace in the third day of provocative violations of the country's sovereignty. 33 trapped Chilean miners alive after 17 days  A few months before South Sudan's referendum, the North, to prevent local shortages, changes the oil revenue stream from US dollars to local currency violating the peace agreement and causing... no one's going to read this article, are they? Former cop takes tourist bus hostage in Philippines The Taliban was in secret peace talks with Afghan govt. until Pakistan arrested their peace envoy with CIA help Cannabis electric car being made in Canada  
The car's body will be made of an impactresistant composite material produced from mats of hemp, a plant from the cannabis family. Germany slapping RFID tags on its populace for the sake of brisker bureaucracy Human trafficking victims tell stories of modernday slavery Norwegian government divests from 2 firms that help build Israeli settlements. Whitesonly fund fights to stay white  A high court ruling which made an educational fund for poor white girls available to girls from all races was disputed in the Supreme Court of Appeal. Afghan President Hamid Karzai renewed his demand that private security firms in Afghanistan disband by years end, saying they are a source of corruption thats undermining support for the war against the Taliban insurgency. Japanese Mayor Defends Cove Dolphin Hunts Bodies hung from bridge in Cuernavaca, Mexico The driver of a bus seized by a heavily armed gunman in the Philippine capital says all remaining hostages inside the bus have been killed. Bloody end to bus hostage drama
 NZ raises legal age for buying alcohol French soldiers killed in Afghanistan  Two French soldiers were killed and three more have been wounded in fighting in Afghanistan, President Nicolas Sarkozy's office has said. Indonesian government sits idly by as Islamic Defender's Front, called thugs by most, runs amok with vigilante justice Report Water supplied in Gaza unfit for drinking; Israel prevents entry of materials needed to repair system Increased export of Norwegian arms  The value of Norwegian arms export has trebled over the last five years. The partly stateowned Kongsberg Group and Nammo alone have exported arms and ammunition worth NOK 12.5 billion since 2004. South Africa ANC government uses police, army and courts against strikers. Strikers at Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital in Soweto and Helen Joseph hospital in Johannesburg were attacked by South African police using water cannon and rubber bullets last week. Wycleaf Jean disqualified from Haitian Presidential Election Trapped Chilean miners found alive after 17 days Police have arrested the person who showed Electronic Voting Machines (EVM) can be tampered with in India in a sting operation Albino girl, 11, killed and beheaded in Swaziland for witchcraft 33 miners trapped underground in Chile for 17 days are all alive! Afghan President Karzai skirts diplomacy by directly asking U.S. citizens to pressure Congress to recall mercenaries Entering a Death Spiral? Tensions Rise in Greece as Austerity Measures
Backfire. The austerity measures that were supposed to fix Greece's problems are dragging down the country's economy. TEDTalks Julian Assange Why the World Needs WikiLeaks Iran Opens Its First Nuclear Power Plant Crises of Capitalism  Cool animated video Documents show Canada turned down NATO plea for more troops  Canada turned down a direct plea from NATO to sent more troops into southern Afghanistan in the runup to last year's Afghan presidential election, federal documents say. Severe Flooding Hits Northeast China    

More than 127,000 people were evacuated in northeastern China after torrential rains battered the area & led to severe flooding along the border with North Korea Women Being Warned and Targeted in Chechnya South Pacific sea levels  Best records show little or no rise?!  The Palestinian Authoritys decision to negotiate directly with Israel drew strong condemnation over the weekend from most of the Palestinian factions, whose leaders and spokesmen accused President Mahmoud Abbas of surrendering to American and Israeli pressure More than 5,000 evacuated as floods hit North Korea Task Force 373 a symptom of deeper policy disasters. Is the US really going to become known as a global Manhunters Inc?  The UN's former chief weapons inspector Hans Blix RussiaIran nuclear power plant 'positive' US Oil Companies lobbied Lockerbie Senator to protect Libya Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has inaugurated the country's first domesticallybuilt longrange unmanned bomber British Support for Afghan War Falls  According to Angus Reid only 33% of UK citizens support the war in Afghanistan while 57% oppose it. Support for the mission has fallen since June, when 38% of British respondents said they supported the effort. My Kushy New Job Wells Tower's Experience at a Marijuana Coffee Shop Big Issues GQ Young Afghan couple stoned to death Top 10 List of Green Brands Saudi Arabia urged not to deliberately paralyse man as retribution punishmentAmnesty International has urged the Saudi Arabian authorities not to deliberately paralyse a man in retribution for similar injuries he allegedly caused during a fight. WikiLeaks Lawyer Says Pentagon Given Access to Unpublished Secret Documents  Newsweek A Van Gogh painting worth $50 million has been stolen from a museum in Cairo Petition to pardon computer pioneer Alan Turing started Turnout is near 100% and 99.48% voted for Putin's party, United Russia. In Chechnya. I haven't heard about results like that since the Soviet times. Election fraud in Russia caught on video ballotstuffing, erasable ink and more Mikhail Gorbachev, the former Soviet Union leader, has called for Russia's elections be rerun due to fraud. Massive Attack and Thom Yorke from Radiohead back Occupy London protest with secret gig Beijing chokes under heavy blanket of smog. THE LEADERS of Germany and France today declared a federalised Europe is the only way to solve the sovereign debt crisis gripping the continent. Saudi Arabia sentences Australian man to 500 lashes over 'blasphemy' Anxious Greeks Emptying Their Bank Accounts China arrests 600 in huge child trafficking bust Putin's Last Election   
His party monopolised media, stuffed ballot boxes, leaned on local officialsand still got less than 50% of the vote. For years he promised to end corruption, improve public services. He didn't. Now Russians have had enough Australian given 500 lashes for blasphemy in Saudi Arabia Police clashed with demonstrators protesting vote fraud in Moscow and at least two other major Russian cities Tuesday, as anger boiled over against Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and his ruling United Russia party.

 Google stands up to censorship request by Indian govt. Honduran journalists face 'growing threat' Journalists in Honduras are facing growing danger, the country's human rights commissioner has warned.  Prices Soar as Chinese Bid for Spirits & Tonics Fortified With Rhino Horns & Tiger Bones  This is a year after Prime Minister Wen Jiabao  reaffirmed a ban on such products. Tiger bone wine promises to stave off chills, improve circulation & eliminate fatigue. 
 A court in China has rejected Apple's lawsuit accusing a Chinese technology company of infringing its iPad trademark. Egyptian Salafist Leader Coptic Christians should not hold high political office in Egypt; government should monitor women's attire and force tourists to abide by Islamic law Egyptian Surgeon has proof that depleted Uranium ammo was used against protesters in Egypt Tahrir square YouTube tram woman will spend Christmas in jail Protesters surround the US Embassy in Toronto, 
drawing attention to election fraud and genocide in 
the Congo 'Silent coup' rumors swirl in Pakistan after president leaves
 Earthquake funds used to subsidise Japan's whaling Pakistan President Zardari suffers heart attack Mexico's war on drugs blights resort of Acapulco  Five years after President Caldern declared war on Mexico's drug traffickers, residents in Acapulco are haunted by fear and violence
 Russia has sent interior ministry troops to Moscow and increased the alert level of security forces after a protest of thousands of people opposing Vladimir Putin  Iran Revolutionary Guard prepare for war China gave a jolt to United Nationsled climate talks by appearing to call for binding emissions cuts, prompting some industrial powers to reconsider their positions at a conference where few had expected real progress. Greenpeace activists successfully break into nuclear power plants in France to show security flaws Dozens of corpses were recovered from the streets of Homs, Syria this week, some of them dismembered, decapitated and bearing signs of torture, activists and residents said Tuesday. 
 After a court ordered two of the largest Belgian Internet service providers to prevent their users accessing The Pirate Bay, the local antipiracy outfit is now urging other ISPs to do the same. Internet providers who refuse to give in to this request within 10 days will be taken to court. Thousands protest against Putin in Moscow  Iranian forces go on war alert Muslim women not used to drinking walk free after attack on woman Canadian victory for online privacy. India wants websites to screen content about countrys leaders ... Indias top telecom official said Internet giants such as Facebook and Google have ignored his demands to screen derogatory remarks India not warming up to walmart French move to ban prostitution by punishing clients Mexican presidential frontrunner struggles to name three books  Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico's leading presidential contender, was unable to name three books that had influenced him, and could only name one he had read parts of  the Bible.
 Russia Troops on streets of Moscow to police postelection protests
 Funny Money  
In 2004 Canadian police stopped a suspicious vehicle on the highway. Inside they uncovered stacks of C$20 notes. Near perfect counterfeit. A forgery so widespread it forced a radical rethink of the entire nation's physical currency 60% of Germans believe the euro is not a good idea, according to a poll released Sunday in a German news magazine, nearly a decade after euro coins and notes were introduced.

 China is surprise good guy at Durban climate conference 
World's biggest carbon emitter says it might sign an agreement to change its ways.
 The conference on Afghanistan aimed to paint an optimistic future for the country. But the country's inhabitants have no illusions They know that their military cannot protect them, and that the warlords are jockeying for position. Meanwhile, the Taliban are just waiting for the Americans to leave. Monkey arrested by Pakistan for crossing India border  not faking news Twin attacks on Shi'ite holiday kill dozens in Afghanistan  An apparent suicide bomber has attacked a Shi'ite shrine in central Kabul, killing over 50 people, while a bicycle bomb exploded in northern MazariSharif, killing at least four. New Jerusalem park a 'ruse' to set up new settlement, activists say Residents and leftists claim plan designed to block development of two Palestinian neighborhoods in eastern half of city How Investigators Unravelled Europe's BiggestEver FakeMedicine Scam 
Story of sting operation that ensnared one of China's most prolific drug counterfeiters. From Viagra to Tamiflu, Kevin Xu was making millions exporting fake medicines to Europe. His downfall? His wife's love of diamonds Mexico drug war casualty Citizenry suffers posttraumatic stress Police criticised after tent dress torn off Occupy Melbourne protester Julian Assange wins the right to take his case against extradition to the UK supreme court. Iceland arrests failed bank CEO, a top trader and a broker Pileup on Japanese expressway claims 14 luxury cars, including eight Ferraris and a Lamborghini, in what may be the most expensive car wreck of all time. A humanitarian worker was raped after being stopped at a security checkpoint in Egypt. She contacted the British embassy in Cairo for help, but diplomatic staff failed to offer any assistance and says they insisted she travel alone to report the incident to Egypt's security forces English riots were 'a sort of revenge' against the police. Rioters interviewed for our study say they sought retribution for what they saw as police abuse of power in their communities
 Fukushima Inside the Exclusion Zone [pics] Chinese government cites self immolation as an act of terrorism Evidence of electoral fraud in Russia turnout of 146% in some areas and 99.48% support for united russia in Chechnya The young protesters who toppled President Mubarak wanted freedom, but instead they are getting Islamic radicals who want to introduce a strict new moral regime. Britain's top secret invasion plans stolen in Iranian embassy attack... good job they were for invading France in 1943 Antarctic's hidden world revealed  Ever wondered what Antarctica would look like without all that ice? South Korea has launched an internet television channel to inform its young people about North Korea and the potential consequences of reunification More than 100,000 Vietnamese have been killed or injured by land mines or other abandoned explosives since the Vietnam War ended nearly 40 years ago, and clearing all of the country will take decades more Occupy the Kremlin Russia's Election Lets Loose Public Rage China is experiencing the worst crackdown since 1989 with a rising number of enforced disappearances of activists The hidden cold war between Tehran and its enemies, especially longtime foe Saudi Arabia, is escalating fast, bringing with it wider risk of conflict OECD urges raising taxes on high earners 'average income of the richest 10% of the population in developed economies is now 9 times that of the poorest 10%, having been 5 times as large in the 1980s.' Germans ask Why doesn't eurozone like us?  Images of Greek protesters waving signs of German Chancellor Merkel in Nazi uniform have troubled Germans. Many in struggling eurozone countries resent Merkel's hard line. Obituary Socrates  


Footballer. Named after philosopher. Trained as doctor. Captained Brazil's muchadmired World Cup team in 1982. Drank and smoked far too much. Died at 57. Beauty comes first. Victory is secondary. What matters is joy Pakistan seeks Australia uranium after India ban lifted Why conflict diamonds are so controversial 'A major international environmental group pulls out of the process to guarantee that diamonds do not come from conflict zones, saying the Kimberley Process had refused to evolve and address the clear links between diamonds, violence and tyranny.' Argentina is quietly reaching out to Iran, worrying key Western powers and Israel as they try to tighten Tehran's international isolation over its nuclear program, U.N. diplomats Israeli ministers have hit back Hillary Clinton after the top American diplomat was quoted expressing concern over the future of Israel's democracy and the rights of women UK's DPM, Nick Clegg threatened to introduce new laws to clamp down on executive pay; warns the private sector must take its share of the pain in the age of austerity Explosion Seen as Big Setback to Irans Missile Program Iran downed US drone plane by hacking, not shooting it. 45,000 evacuated in Germany to defuse WWIIera bomb found in Rhine At last! Bank Boss Told to Pay Back Bonus  
Lloyds plans to strip former chief Eric Daniels of 1.5m payout France withdraws embassy staff from Iran Head of Russia's only political watchdog detained as elections begin Egypt's Islamists win 65% in first round of legislative elections Big 6 Energy Firms Face Fresh Accusations of Profiteering  
Household electricity bills have soared beyond wholesale cost fluctuations  Lack of transparency in power company costs & prices make it very hard to judge what is going on Most Britons believe children will have worse lives than their parents  Least corrupt place? New Zealand. Worst? Somalia, North Korea Bahraini doctors who gave medical care to antigovernment protesters have received prison sentences of five to fifteen years.  Pakistan friendly fire deaths were due to errors by US officers D.E.A. Launders Mexican Profits of Drug Cartels The agents handled shipments of illegal cash across borders to identify how criminal organizations move their money, where they keep their assets and, most important, who their leaders are Russian Elections Vladimir Putin's United Russia Could Lose The Majority Of Seats Vladimir Putin set to lose majority amid complaints of electoral violations Sweden only country vetoing EU sanctions against Syria Latin America launches new economic alliance  Latin American leaders have met in Caracas to launch a new alliance that some hope will help them stand up to the United States. But finding common ground could prove difficult.  In Russia, ultranationalists turn on Putin They openly mock him and his fellow leader Dmitry Medvedev with almost the same vigor as they do migrants. Independent Russian Websites Hacked, Disabled On Election Day China's poverty line Life at the bottom of the middle kingdom Iran  US war A clash of imaginations New centreleft party takes surprise victory in Slovenia Another Asian wakeup call  A drop in external demand means Asia must focus on its own 3.5bn consumers. Putin party suffers setback in Russia vote Exit polls show United Russia with less than 50% of votes, as leader claims victory in legislative election. Israel's right wing frenzy Conservatives propose new bills to take on citizenship and leftist aid groups Australia's Labor party backs uranium sales to India Swiss Government Declares Downloading for Personal Use Legal Rebecca Coriam Lost At Sea  
An amazing look at how a young woman disappeared from a Disney crew ship  a shockingly common occurrence. This story could be told as a simple unsolved crime, but the reporter unearths a much larger narrative Swiss Govt Downloading Movies and Music Will Stay Legal The Pirate Party Effect Threatened by the rise of the Pirates, the German Greens Party scrambles to draw up digital policies to hold on to voters  Australias Ruling Party Endorses Gay Marriage  UK High Street banks are charging eyewatering rates of interest on overdrafts A customer borrowing 100 for 28 days without the consent of Santander would repay 200, for example...  an annualised percentage rate (APR) of 819,100% New 'SuperEarth' Found With FineTuned Telescope Readings NASA's orbiting Kepler probe initially detected the superEarth  a distant rocky planet about the size of the Earth  in our Milky Way galaxy about 350 light years from our solar system. Student Bay Admin Prosecuted in Sweden After a process lasting more than 3yrs, the 23yrold man from Sweden has finally been prosecuted for his role in the operations of Student Bay, a site dedicated to the sharing of textbooks Saudi report claims women at wheel will have sex British soldier has been jailed for stabbing a 10yearold Afghan boy with a bayonet for no reason How Assad Stayed In Power  Russia has blocked UN action. It sees Syria as buffer against Turkey, ally against US, and base for projecting power into Middle East. Danger comes from Turkeywhich has been slow to back Syrian rebels, but is doing so now Iceland Arrests Former CEO Of Failed Bank Myanmar approves first peaceful protest law Yemen protests and crackdown continue despite deal Saleh still acting presidential At least 23 people were reported killed in Syria on Saturday as violence intensified in the eighth month of unrest against President Bashar alAssad, pushing the death toll close to 4,600, according to a leading activist group. Fukushima worse than previously thought Tepco data shows Japanese nuclear plant narrowly averted bigger catastrophe US not invited as Hugo Chvez launches Latin group Islamists and secularists clash in Tunisia The corruption map Vietnam police use fishing nets to capture motorbike street racers Russias election watchdog head detained before vote  North Mexico wilts under worst drought on record Riot Police Block Most Affected by Climate Change from Entering Climate Conference in South Africa We are the ones who suffer most of the consequences of climate change. We look after families. So why are we not there in the conference? Canadians raise $36.6M for Movember Europe's new rules will be mostly Made in Germany  A winwin on drugs? Fighting gangs by legalizing pot Copenhagen voted overwhelmingly to remove its cannabis prohibition.  
 One of Britain's biggest unions has demanded that the BBC sack popular Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson for saying public sector workers on strike should be executed in front of their families 2 days before the parliament elections in Russia Livejournal is shut down by the government. It's like Reddit for the Russian opposition, so it is a big blow Antipiracy group BREIN is caught up in a huge copyright scandal in the Netherlands Syria bans iPhones from country due to protest footage The moment protesters found a plainclothes cop in their midst  Crime  UK  The Independent In UK, eight policemen accused of perverting the course of justice over wrongful conviction of 3 men for the murder of prostitute Lynette White in 1988 walked free after a serious error... investigators destroyed files of documents
 Pakistan military ordered to return fire if attacked by Nato forces Legendary natural history documentary maker Sir David Attenborough has spoken out about the dangers of climate change. Italian TV bans mention of condoms on World Aids Day, claims newspaper. The alleged ban was the result of a request from Italy's ministry of health.  Egypt 'Virginity test' case postponed, victim applauded as hero Germany's Angela Merkel announces Europewide 'fiscal union' BBC News  New Icelandic volcano eruption could have global impact Syria now in state of civil war says United Nations as death toll passes 4000 mark Putin prepares the Russian empire to strike back  Moderate Egyptians haunted by rising prospect of Islamist rule India and China Commence cold peace  Attack on UK embassy in Iran 'had support of the state' BBC News  Kremlin accused of trying to gag election monitors Chevron's South American Headaches Continue; Brazil Shuts Down Oil Well Pakistan Chief Of Army suspends 'chain of command' system to thwart Nato's aggression Syrian army defectors are targeting military convoys sent to reinforce President Bashar alAssad's crackdown on popular unrest, a senior rebel said, increasingly taking the fight to Assad's forces in response to what he called state brutality. For LongSuppressed Libyan Minority, New Freedom Brings an Identity Crisis  
After centuries of being told their culture is forbidden, can Berbers figure out what it means to be Amazigh today? The Kremlin's Dangerous Flirtation with Nationalism  Ahead of Russia's parliamentary elections on Sunday, the proKremlin parties are using nationalist rhetoric in a bid to exploit growing rightwing sentiment in the country. But it's a dangerous game, they could pose a threat to Vladimir Putin. Syrian crackdown should be referred to International Criminal Court, UN human rights chief says  Women held against her will on Scientology cruise ship for 12 years! Nearly 50% of the Young People in Greece and Spain Are Unemployed  This weekend, a large section of the German city of Koblenz will come to a standstill as bomb experts gingerly defuse a massive World War II bomb that recently emerged from the Rhine River due to low water levels  Australia ranked least corrupt country in the G20 Japan nuclear meltdown maybe worse than thought. TEPCO said their latest calculations showed the fuel inside the No. 1 reactor at the tsunamihit plant could have melted entirely, dropping through its inner casing and eroding a concrete base.  Factories stalling worldwide  Manufacturing activity is contracting across Europe and most of Asia, data showed on Thursday, and a Chinese official declared that the world economy faces a worse situation than in 2008 when Lehman Brothers collapsed. No right to pray for Muslim pupil at German school  Germany's top administrative court has ruled that a student does not have an automatic right to pray at school. German prosecutors have confirmed they are investigating claims that Iran planned to attack American military bases in Germany if the US launched air strikes against Iranian targets Islamists Set to Win 65% Majority in Egyptian Elections. Enraged by a NATO crossborder air attack that killed 24 soldiers, Pakistan is considering withdrawing its support for the U.S.led war on terror if its sovereignty is violated again A mental health nurse has broken her silence about working inside Australia's immigration detention system. BBC News  Hungary outlaws homeless in move condemned by charities China 'hiding up to 3,000 nuclear warheads in secret tunnels' An unconventional project by US university students has concluded that China's nuclear arsenal could be many times larger than current estimates, drawing the attention of Pentagon analysts.
 New Zealand tops the list of the worlds cleanest governments, followed by Finland and Denmark, while Somalia and North Korea tied for the dubious distinction of most corrupt NATO attack on Pakistan no mistake, sources say
 Karzai Afghan rape victim free to decide if she wants to stay in prison India Angry snake charmer lets loose snakes in a govt. office after being denied land Mexico unearths 1,800 foot drug tunnel Norway accused of hypocrisy over Indonesian deforestation funding Oilrich country's sovereign wealth fund accused of investing in companies destroying rainforest A Colombian court has sentenced a soldier to 54 years in prison for killing three people and passing them off as rebels killed in combat China's manufacturing activity falls to a 32month low Under PetHating Dictator, a Hard Life for Man's Best Friend Germany probing alleged Iran plot to attack U.S. bases on its soil. Prosecutor General confirms report in Bild reported that a German businessman is suspected of espionage for purpose of sabotage In Ecuador, a young shark massacre  A legal loophole has endangered some shark species  and enriched fishermen.  Ecuador allows fishermen who accidentally catch sharks in their nets to sell them, without any methods to determine whether the sharks were netted on purpose.
  Muslim Brotherhood says leads Egypt's vote count Saudi Hospitals Asked to Maim Man as Punishment A Saudi Arabian judge has asked several hospitals in the country whether they could damage a mans spinal cord as punishment Dutch Muslim Group Fined Over Cartoon Depicting Holocaust Denial BP says a lot of the oil is gone. Well, a 22milelong oily plume was found near the well site today. U.N. study says Israel is devastating Gaza Shifts in diet, reductions in the quantity of food consumed, poor sewage treatment and limited access to education Germany plans to legalize medical marijuana Palestinians learn about the Holocaust in Israel If we say that the Holocaust happened, then we accept that Israelis are human just like us, we do not want to consider Jews as humans because of all the suffering that we go through Pakistan's acceptance of a $5 million flood aid donation from India could be a confidencebuilding measure between the two long time enemies France begins Roma deportations 'They are trying to get rid of us all' Officer held for stealing, selling Gaza flotilla laptops Pakistan floods  Biggest emergency on the planet declared by UNICEF The British state will soon be spending more on management consultants than on upgrading its nuclear weapons In war there are no rules, says Israeli exsoldier  Showing no signs of remorse, Eden Abergil, the former IDF soldier who caused a worldwide stir by posting pictures of herself posing next to blindfolded Palestinian, has defended her action by saying in war there are no rules. U.S. Tells Israel That Iran's Nuclear Threat Is Not Imminent Israel and the Palestinians to resume direct talks Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few. The UK remembers the Brits, Poles, Chez, Canadians, New Zealanders, and numerous others who defended its skies during the Battle of Brittan.    Parents in Johannesburg renting children to beggars for $3/day. The female victims of Pakistan's flood  Women face starvation, disease and sexual assault. They're also not supposed to get aid from male relief workers  Wyclef Jean said to be out of Haiti presidential race  A huge electricity power cut has
plunged Russia's second city, St
Petersburg, into darkness. Thailand Will Extradite 'Merchant Of Death' To U.S. France Driving Out The Gypsies Mexican museum displays 'narco bling' weaponry confiscated from drug lords Two Films That Blew Bilderberg Wide Open Fidel Castros spotlight on the Bilderberg clique is part of a global awakening Afghans mark Independence Day with antioccupation protests 2010 marks the 20th anniversary of the Human Development Report. This year the report is set to change with input from Oxford to incorporate poverty in a new way... Iranian TV airs footage of captured US drone A German chemical company says it can recycle rare metals from old solar panels  effectively washing them off in a chemical bath so the different elements can be reused. The spent batteries Americans turn in for recycling are increasingly being sent to Mexico, where their lead is often extracted by crude methods that are illegal in the United States, exposing plant workers and local residents to dangerous levels of a toxic metal. French court fines first women for fullface veils ... court slapped fines on women for wearing the fullface covering Islamic niqab veil for the first time Thursday, case could have legal implications across Europe War on Iran has already begun. Act before it threatens all of us. Madam who ran gang that forced hundreds of women to work as prostitutes in China has been executed Russia's middle class a growing problem for Putin Malawi to review homosexuality ban after US aid threat Eurozone countries go it alone with new treaty that excludes Britain Russian Government Says It Will Permit Massive Protest This Weekend Exxon's deal with the Kurds inflames Baghdad.  The oil giant has defied Iraq's government by signing up to drill in disputed territory Europe's Great Divorce  


The EU's tectonic plates have slipped momentously along same the fault line that has always divided itthe English Channel. British PM David Cameron says it was a tough decision but the right one for his country. Is he correct? Dutch state apologizes for 1947 Indonesia massacre Has Europe Reached its Articles of Confederation Moment? America under the Articles of Confederation was a mess, not unlike Europe today. Could it lead to a stronger European Union? Official New euro accord to include 23 countries Palestinian seriously wounded at West Bank protest by Israeli forces China executes rogue trader, millions still missing
| Reuters Croatia has signed a treaty to make it the 28th member of the European Union from mid2013, becoming the EU's second exYugoslav member after Slovenia. UN rights chief presses Syria for access, confirms at least 1,000 security forces killed Israel carried out more airstrikes in Gaza early Friday, killing one Palestinian Japanese whalers sue Sea Shepherd Drone Program Attacked by HumanRights Groups Were sorry, Japanese government tells Canadian POWs Sudan Rebels pose challenge to BashirGrowth of rebel groups creates arc of revolt around Khartoum regime. In Syria, a boy lies dead in his home. We are not safe, this government is murderous, It is killing people, it is killing its own people.

 A Russian Awakening?  Russia's once apolitical youth has taken to the streets of Moscow and launched the largest demonstrations since the collapse of the Soviet Union  Japan will spend $29 million of its Tsunami disaster budget to hunt whales. Putin accuses US of being behind Russian protests. Bell Pottinger caught rewriting Wikipedia entries  
The extent of lobbying company's internet manipulation to alter its clients' reputations revealed Inside Romania's secret CIA prison  Bill Gates developing nuclear reactor with China Scottish Judge decrees the ancient right to catch salmon with a fly more important than the riverside garden decking owned by a lawyer, who told the fly fishermen to switch to shorter rods & different lures if his greenery was interfering with their fly fishing Vladimir Putin accuses Hillary Clinton of encouraging Russian protests Militants armed with rocketpropelled grenades and automatic weapons attack and destroy at least 22 oil tankers parked in Pakistan, carrying fuel for NATO troops in Afghanistan. Fukushima Daiichi operator considers plans to dump treated water into sea. Tepco says it is running out of space to store water and may dump it, prompting protests from fishing groups. Assad says only crazy leaders kill own people Medvedev's Twitter obscenity shocked ... It has become clear that if a person writes the expression 'party of swindlers and thieves' in their blog then they are a stupid sheep getting f****d in the mouth ) Palestinian mosque in the West Bank torched.  Police suspect the attack is the work of radical Israeli settlers. Package sent to Deutsche Bank CEO was bomb Poland to Germany  You have become Europe's indispensable nation. You may not fail to lead not dominate, but to lead in reform. Copyright Trolls Auction Off 90 Million in FileSharing Settlements, a German law firm has started an auction to sell the unpaid settlements of 70,000 alleged filesharers to the highest bidder.
 Leaked StraussKahn Hotel Footage Creates its Own Mystery  
A compilation of Sofitel Hotel surveillance videos shows him checking out May 14 as well as his accuser, Nafissatou Diallo, apparently reporting his alleged sexual assault to hotel managers Donations to charities in China plunge after scandals ... Charitable donations in China have plunged more than 80 percent because of public mistrust 49 penguins freed after rescue from New Zealand oil spill Twilight In Damascus  


Syrian notebook. The regime has much more violence in reserve. Things will get worse before they get better. But the revolt has endured, it's everywhere, it's not going to crumble. Assad is doomed. Everyone knows it Egypt's Islamists claim most seats in runoffs ... Muslim Brotherhood won a majority of runoff contests Syria says pipeline blown up by rebel saboteurs  A Syrian pipeline carrying oil from the east of the country to a vital refinery in Homs was blown up Thursday in what the official news agency SANA said was an act of sabotage by an armed terrorist group. Mexico earns a rare victory against crime, thwarts Qaddafi son's plans  Egypt's military will have final say on country's new constitution Scaf generals say they will have final approval over new political system, whatever the outcome of the election
 Over 20 NATO tankers torched in Pakistan in 1st attack since Islamabad closed the border to protest coalition airstrikes that killed 24 Pakistani troops last month Poachers massacre 68 elephants in Congo national park with chainsaws and by shooting from helicopters. 'At my age I do not have much to lose' Pope Francis ditches bulletproof Popemobile, creating security headache for Vatican officials Ukrainian military plane with at least 49 aboard shot down YouTube refuses Egypt's request to remove footage of Tahrir Square sexual assault Poacher who killed 30 tigers in India has been Caught Petition with 150,000 signatures calls on France to grant Snowden asylum Worlds Biggest Elephant Killed by Poachers in Kenya  He was killed by a poisoned arrow. Poachers hacked off the face & tusk of Satao, who is reported to have been exceptionally intelligent. Toronto police, at the direction of an Ontario Superior Court judge, have released an internal video which for more than two years the force denied existed, in a case involving the arrest and detention of a paraplegic man who claims he was assaulted by officers and urinated on while in custody. U.S. wont intervene in Iraq in absence of political reform by Iraqis, Obama says Jamaica decriminalizes personal possession of marijuana, will clear past ganja arrest records ISIS' halfabilliondollar bank heist makes it world's richest terror group 'Powerful bomb' found near presidential HQ Ukrainian presidential bodyguards have disposed of a powerful explosive device discovered near President Petro Poroshenko's headquarters, a security source said. Canada's Top Court Just Ruled Online User Data Is Inherently Private Iran sends troops into Iraq to aid fight against Isis militants Canada's Top Court Just Ruled Online User Data Is Inherently Private Taliban changing from religious group to criminal enterprise U.N. Pope rejects bulletproof Popemobile, says there is no point in riding the sardine can at his old age Kenyas biggest elephant killed by poachers Pope Francis Warns The Global Economy Is Near Collapse Volunteers flock to defend Baghdad as insurgents seize more Iraqi territory Hundreds of young Shiite men volunteer to fight Sunni militants in Iraq Japan to slash corporate tax rate to below 30% U.S. weighs Iraq airstrikes, Obama says he won't send combat troops Blood minerals are electronics industry's dirty secret A crackdown in the US is forcing technology firms to come clean about the source of the minerals used in their smartphones and electronics It's a huge win for Canadian Privacy Rights as Supreme Court rules government warrantless disclosure requests unconstitutional | OpenMedia.ca Syria pounds ISIS bases in coordination with Iraq U.S. officials scrambled to nab Snowden, hoping he would take a wrong step. He didnt. Japan kills 30 minke whales in first hunt since International Court of Justice ruling About 300 Ukrainian nationalists have stormed the Russian embassy in Kiev and raised the Ukrainian flag, following a demonstration to protest the shooting down of a Ukrainian military transport by proRussian rebels. 13 Aircraft Mysteriously Disappear from Radar 2 separate blackouts of identical length  Military blamed after planes vanish from Europe airtraffic control screens. Slovak authorities claim electronic warfare exercise caused dozens of planes to briefly disappear from airtraffic control radar Tony Blair rejects 'bizarre' claims that invasion of Iraq caused the crisis  'We have to liberate ourselves from the notion that we caused this', argues former prime minister in website essay A superbug resistant to lastresort antibiotics has made its way into the food supply Oilrich United Arab Emirates aims to be a sustainable energy pioneer. One of the world's richest oilbased economies is embracing sustainable technologies, and making a surprise bid to become a clean energy leader Canadian Supreme Court rules internet anonymity is key to privacy Possible mass execution of 1,700 Shiite Iraqi soldiers by ISIL in Iraq Torvalds on patents 'Sane people know it's bullsh*t but making real change is difficult' U.S. aircraft carrier George H. W. Bush moving toward Persian Gulf as Iraq tensions rise After months of speculation, Pakistan launches full scale operation in North Waziristan to cleanse area from foreign and local terrorists. Melinda Gates Gates Foundation Has Decided Not to Fund Abortion US condemns attack on Russian embassy in Kiev Surveillance for FIFA World Cup Brazil  $5.2 million USD contract for intelligent video analytics software that autonomously learns and identifies 'unusual or suspicious' behavior and alerts authorities via text message Brazil Arrests and crackdowns but antiWorld Cup activists get their message across | Despite police raids on activists' homes, protesters are gaining wide audiences with their calls for change in Brazil and beyond Facebook will track users outside of the site, says 'people want more targeted advertising' Militants Claim Mass Execution of Iraqi Soldiers Vandals Sets Crimean Mosque on Fire Be more British Cameron tells UK Muslims PM issues powerful new pledge to combat extremism Norway concerned for civil society in Hungary Israeli Teens kidnapped by terrorist organization Apparent pause in global warming blamed on 'lousy' data  European Space Agency scientist says annual sea level rises since 1993 indicate that warming has continued unabated Facebook to track what users do on other sites Michael Schumacher out of Coma Australia's government is trying to delist 74,000 acres of world heritage protected rainforest to make way for loggers British public wrongly believe rich pay most in tax, new research shows  Study shows poorest 10% pay eight percentage points more income, prompting calls for more progressive system Japanese fans clean stadium after losing 21 against Ivory Coast Japanese fans who watched their national team be defeated by the Ivory Coast in the Fifa World Cup on Saturday showed it is possible to lose graciously, when they stayed behind after the match to help clean up. Australia's richest 1% own as much as bottom 60%, says Oxfam | Income inequality has risen since mid1990s and nine richest people now have greater net worth than poorest 4.54 million IKEA waits 8 years, then shuts down IKEAhackers site with trademark claim | IKEA lawyers pushed site to go noncommercial or give up its domain name. Russia cuts off natural gas supplies to Ukraine Thousands of Iraqi men take up arms and volunteer to protect Baghdad at all costs, as ISIS troops closes in on the capital. Green party peer put on database of 'extremists' after police surveillance in the UK  Political movements of Jenny Jones and Green party councillor Ian Driver were recorded for up to 11 years, though neither have a criminal record Boris tells Blair Put a sock in it over Iraq | Mayor of London Boris Johnson claims the former Prime Minister has 'finally gone mad' after making an 'unhinged' attempt to rewrite history. NATO has released satellite imagery supporting reports that the tanks crossing into Ukraine are Russian T64s; it is believed that the T64s were in storage in Russia and were then sent with proRussian forces. Russia is denying this. In a leaked video, the nominee to be South Koreas next prime minister says that Japans occupation of Korea was Gods will and that it shouldnt apologize for comfort women. Syrian army foils chemical attack on Damascus Hackers threaten to release details of 600,000 Domino's Pizza customers  including favourite toppings  unless they get 30,000. The slaughter of Kenyas biggest elephant and the decimation of an entire species Brazilian Police Officer Reportedly Fires Live Bullets At World Cup Protesters Australian PM Tony Abbott seeks World Heritage reversal to open Tasmanian forests to logging NATO says Russia considers it an opponent, prepares Ukraine aid Taliban target voters in Afghanistan, kill 50, mutilate 11 New research shows Western Amazon under threat from oil pollution 'Foreign Legion' in Iraq and Syria may bring jihad to West. I don't think the public realizes the seriousness of the problem.  Richard Walton, head of Scotland Yard's counterterrorism command Global nuclear arsenal estimated at 16,300 warheads, says think tank. Pace of nuclear bombs reduction seems to be slowing, says Stockholm International Peace Research Institute; Israel's stock reportedly remained at 80. How an arrest in Iraq revealed Isis's $2bn jihadist network Chinese govt reveals Microsofts secret list of Androidkiller patents ISIS enters Turkmen city Tal Afar in northern Iraq Tiny island nation that controls vast area of Pacific Ocean bans all commercial fishing in one of world's largest marine parks  If you think of the ocean as a bank account in which everybody withdraws but nobody makes a deposit, then protected marine reserves are like savings with interest. Britains top counterterrorism official has been forced to reveal a secret government policy justifying the mass surveillance of every Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and Google user in the UK. New Zealand government to open up habitat of worlds rarest dolphin for oil exploration. Pope tells super rich, bankers to find some ethics Iraq says Saudi Arabia siding with terrorism North Korean leader Kim Jongun sends birthday greetings to Queen wishing 'British people wellbeing and prosperity' Gunmen kill at least 50 in Kenya during World Cup TV screening The West Australian government has decided to allow Buru Energy to frack for gas in the Kimberley region without an Environmental Protection Authority (EPA) assessment. UK law banning forced marriage takes effect Top universities are paying too much for scores of academic journals provided by major publishing companies, an investigation has found. Gas transit pipeline explodes in East Ukraine IMF urges U.S. to raise minimum wage Marijuana Breathalyzer Invented Russia 'using words to destroy meaning'  Group of authors including two Nobel laureates condemns Russian Federation's 'waves of propaganda' against free expression UK to reopen embassy in Tehran Mass surveillance of social media is permitted by law, says top UK official Russia's Former Top AntiCorruption Cop Commits Suicide During Questioning Greenpeace suffers $5.2million loss after rogue employee botches major currency investment ISIS fighters in Syria and Iraq keep tweeting pictures of cats and pizza and its surreal Sudan's airforce bombs Mdecins Sans Frontires (MSF) hospital in South Kordofan, Sudan Nigerian army arrests 486 alleged Boko Haram members Turkey bans reporting on consular staff kidnapped in Mosul Two Russian state TV journalists have been killed in a mortar attack near a village outside the east Ukrainian city of Luhansk. Qatari U.S. intervention in Iraq would be seen as war on Sunni Arabs Kerry US open to working with Iran against extremists in Iraq Baby rhino Gertjie refuses to sleep alone after witnessing his mother's death at the hands of poachers  The baby rhino was found 'crying inconsolably' next to his dead mother in South Africa Mexico City joins others in banning animals in circuses Boris Johnson calls for removal of antihomeless spikes London mayor says 'ugly, selfdefeating and stupid' spikes outside luxury flats are not the answer to rough sleeping New Inca Road Discovered Leading Right to Machu Picchu  Road includes a nearly 5 meter long tunnel, still intact 500 yrs after its construction The NYT reports a Chinese military unit has been stealing design schematics from aerospace and satellite companies and government agencies. Canada shuts down investor immigration path declaring that there is little evidence that immigrant investors as a class are maintaining ties to Canada or making a positive economic contribution to the country; Rich Chinese sue Australian PM Tony Abbott seeks alliance to thwart President Obama on climate change policy Russia, China have their sights on undercutting dollar's dominance as reserve currency Ireland Nun admits care home children were involved in medical trials  In one of the trials, 80 children became ill after they were accidentally administered a vaccine intended for cattle Eight employees at Canada's largest dairy farm are being accused of viciously beating cows after undercover video was given to the British Columbia SPCA. G20 not a place to discuss climate change, says BHP chief [BHP is an AngloAustralian multinational mining, metals and petroleum company] Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and his Canadian counterpart Stephen Harper have condemned carbon taxes during their first bilateral talks in Ottawa. Moderate Muslim preacher shot dead in Kenya Iraq militants seize Mosul provincial government HQ Archaeologists discover 4,000yearold tomb from 11th Engyptian dynasty in Luxor Venezuelan Prostitutes Earn More Selling Dollars Than Sex World's oldest man dies at 111 UK govt accuses Muslim group of trying to impose Islam in schools  Vietnam banking tycoon given 30year jail term ISIS Militants seize control of Mosul, the Second Largest City in Iraq Chrome OS leaks data to Google before switching on a VPN, says CESG (the part of GCHQ that helps British citizens protect stuff from foreign spies) | It also identifies significant risks in the operating systems. Netanyahu Is Facing Heat From All Sides For His Handling Of Palestine Peace Talks U.S. arms could create Syria 'warlords', rebel commander says A man and a woman arrested for protesting against the coup will undergo a process to have their attitude adjusted, said deputy national police chief General Somyos Phumpanmuang Revealed Asian slave labour producing prawns for supermarkets in US, UK Canadian Cyberbullying law would let government remotely hack into computers, mobile devices, or cars Chile rejects Patagonia wilderness dam project The Chilean government has rejected a plan to build five hydroelectric dams on rivers in the south of the country. Its decision follows years of campaigning by environmentalists and local communities. Taxi drivers to bring London to a standstill over row with Uber. The last organised strike of this magnitude cost London over 600 Million. Revealed Asian slave labour producing prawns for supermarkets in US, UK | Thai 'ghost ships' that enslave, brutalise and even kill workers are linked to global shrimp supply chain, Guardian investigation discovers The insurgent fighters who routed the Iraqi army out of Mosul did not just capture Iraqs secondlargest city. They also gained a windfall of arms, munitions and equipment abandoned by the soldiers  arms that were supplied by the US and intended to give the troops an edge over the insurgents London Mayor Boris Johnson offers to be blasted by water cannon to show theyre safe  after buying the riot control equipment for the capital despite having no permission to use it. Emirates cancels order for 70 Airbus A350s JK Rowling donates 1m to Scotland's antiindependence campaign Billions of NATOdollars unaccounted for, says Dutch National Court of Auditors ISIL storms Turkey's Mosul consulate, 'takes diplomats captive' I think we just got read the riot act  Hong Kong must accept Beijing's control, China's Communist Party warns Unverpacked New ZeroWaste Grocery Store in Germany Will Package None of Its Products Oil company Soco International is suspending all operations in Virunga World Heritage Site, Africa's oldest national park. It has also committed to keep out of all other UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Huge haul of bloodstained ivory found in 32 suitcases at Hong Kong airport ISIL take over parts of Tikrit after overrunning Mosul Mosul Seized Jihadis Loot $429m from City's Central Bank to Make ISIS World's Richest Terror Force Canadian man living in China says he was wrongfully imprisoned after refusing to spy on Canada EU opens indepth probes into tax rulings on Apple, Starbucks, Fiat unit ISIL militants seize control of Tikrit as second Iraqi provincial capital falls in two days. All of Tikrit is in the hands of the militants, a police colonel said of the Salaheddin provincial capital, which lies roughly half way between Baghdad and Iraq's second city Mosul. China Shuts Down 20 Million WeChat Accounts For Prostitution Saudi minister says beheading, lashings 'cannot be changed' Microsoft fights U.S. search warrant for customer emails held in overseas server Hacker who revealed George W. Bush paintings gets 4 years in Romanian prison Canadian teachers in British Columbia vote yes at 86% for a full scale strike walk out. After Ukraine, U.S. trains more special forces in eastern Europe | As NATO refocuses on its eastern borders after Russia's annexation of Crimea, the United States is quietly deploying more troops to train special forces in former Soviet bloc states anxious about Moscow's intentions. Australian government grabs $360 million from idle household bank accounts that have been dormant for just three years, prompting outrage in some quarters amid complaints that pensioners and retirees have lost deposits. Brazil airports go on Strike.... hours before World Cup... Rich got 14.6% richer in 2013 Uber sees an 850 percent jump in signups, while cab drivers across Europe protest the taxihailing app by going on strike. Experts call the strike against Uber PR gold for the app. Ukraine Tanks 'cross from Russia' ISIS just stole $425 million and became the worlds richest terrorist group Activists Poured Concrete All Over Some 'AntiHomeless' Spikes This Morning An unprecedented attempt to hold the first ever completely secret criminal trial in the UK has been blocked by the Court of Appeal. Crisis in Iraq  open discussion thread (sticky #10) Clinton reveals how Obama forcibly prevented China's 'secret' meeting with India to isolate US Australia to sue FIFA over corruption surrounding 2022 World Cup Turkey calls for emergency Nato meeting on security situation in Iraq The extinct influenza virus that caused the worst flu pandemic in history has been recreated from fragments of avian flu found in wild ducks in a controversial experiment to show how easy it would be for the deadly flu strain to reemerge today. 500,000 People Reportedly Flee Mosul After Iraqi City Falls 214 mile long traffic jam in Brazil, a day ahead of the World Cup. Transit protests are expected again for opening day. Britain and New Zealand reject Australian PM Tony Abbott's idea for a centreright alliance to block action on climate change Blackwater on trial over killing of 14 Iraqi civilians in 2007 | Prosecutors plan to call dozens of Iraqis to testify over bloodshed in Baghdad that inflamed antiUS sentiment around the world Australian PM Tony Abbott to UN Count me out of climate change summit Recession 'led to 10,000 suicides' The economic crisis in Europe and North America led to more than 10,000 extra suicides ISIS militants extend control to 90 kms from Baghdad as Iraqi army melts away Insurgents vow to take Baghdad as U.S. mulls action Palestinians autopsy shows live bullet killed teen during antiIsrael protest Congo mines no longer in grip of warlords and militias, Enough Project finds 2010 US law requiring companies like Apple and Intel to prove products are conflctfree has worked Iraqs Terrorists Are Becoming a FullBlown Army Syrian woman survives 700 day blockade leaving home only six times, emerging weighing only 75 pounds WildLeaks attracts major wildlife crime leads in first three months | A new WikiLeaksstyle website targeting the kingpins of wildlife crime has attracted serious leads on elephant, tiger, fishery and forest destruction across the globe. Jamaica to decriminalize personal marijuana possession Tear gas, rubber bullets and stun grenades on the streets of Sao Paulo as World Cup begins China battles to be first ecological civilisation Premier Li Keqiang has declared a war on pollution. His leadership has drawn up a philosophical framework called ecological civilisation. It aims to bring everything back to the relationship between man and nature Ayatollah Sistani issues call to arms; the highest ranking Shia cleric in Iraq asks all Muslims to fight back against ISIS insurgents. Baghdad is going to be overrun. The Green Zone is going down.  U.S. intelligence official The rules in ISIS new state Amputations for stealing and women to stay indoors. Russia on Iraq We told you so China arrested more people last year for environmental offences than in the previous 10 combined as Beijing strives to produce results after a muchvaunted pollution crackdown Iran Deploys Quds Forces To Support Iraqi Troops, Helps Retake Most Of Tikrit Tesla puts electric car patents into public domain Iran official 'Tehran willing to work with US over Iraq crisis' Pope Francis says global economy discards young Jehovah's Witness elders were 'spiritually corrupt and morally bankrupt', court told in child abuse cover up case Supreme court of Canada rules ISP's cannot give police subscriber information without a warrant Iraqi militants capture US made tanks, humvees, arms from abandoned military base Ontario has just elected the first LGBTQ premier in Canadian history Obama Considering All Options after Iraq Government Asks US for Air Strikes against ISIS Supreme Court rules Canadians have the Right to Online Anonymity Greece sues for 7 billion euros over German submarines that have never sailed UK rules out taking military action in Iraq Oil prices spike on escalating Iraq violence Solar Storm Heading Toward Earth Today Iran is open to shared role with U.S.  senior Iranian official Ukraine Claims Full Control of Port City  Ukrainian government forces said Friday that they had won full control of the port city of Mariupol in eastern Ukraine, in a fight that left five proRussian militants dead and ended with a Ukrainian flag being hoisted at City Hall. Britain wants Russia stripped of right to host World Cup 2018 Banker for Kim JongUn flees North Korea, seeks asylum. A town north of Baghdad is surrounded by ISIS, but the residents decided to fight them off instead of flee Russia effectively at war with Europe Lithuanian president. NATO would fully respect Ukraine application As President Barack Obama warns of steppedup economic punishments against Russia for its military incursions inside Ukraine, U.S. sanctions have so far avoided one prominent financial institution the $10 billion Russian Direct Investment Fund, which has partnered with brandname American companies U.S. to Send Troops and Weapons to Eastern Europe Sweden raises military alert level due to Ukraine crisis Russia has up to 100 battle tanks fighting in Ukraine, UK believes Putin Hopes Russia Won't Lose Right to Host World Cup 2018 Seven NATO allies to create new rapid reaction force Russian security software vendor Kaspersky has yanked an article from its website arguing that people shouldn't fear state surveillance unless they had done something wrong in the first place. Ukraine Says Russian Tanks Have Attacked Town Poland bars overflight by Russian defence minister's plane  Russian agency Rasmussen NATO Will Help the Ukrainian Army Saudi king warns West will be jihadists' next target; If we ignore them, I am sure they will reach Europe in a month and America in another month Trigger that sets off ALS found, testing for treatment can begin soon. 75 UN troops flee across Golan border into Israel to escape Syrian rebels Oil tanker with $100 million cargo goes missing off Texas coast Indigenous leaders have reacted angrily to Tony Abbotts assertion that white settlement was the defining moment in Australian history Iraq conflict Kurdish forces strike significant victories against ISIS as they recapture land, oilfields and the vital Mosul dam British MP George Galloway has jaw and ribs broken in street attack In response to recent Russian violations of Finnish airspace, Finnish Air Force ups readiness level and moves hardware to HelsinkiVantaa airport; public reports Hornet sightings Myanmar's first census in more than 30 years has revealed that the country has 9 million fewer people than it thought | The count caused tension after about 800,000 members of a longpersecuted Muslim minority were denied the right to identify themselves as Rohingya. Scandal hit Rotherham 'deleted abuse files'  Senior staff from Rotherham Council ordered a raid on offices to delete and remove case files of abused girls