 Carlos Fuentes legalise drugs to save Mexico  Telegraph India, which imports 12 per cent of its oil from Iran, will not scale down its petroleum imports from Tehran despite US and European sanctions Drug companies join forces to combat deadliest tropical diseases Bill Gates gets pharmaceutical giants to promise drug giveaways and unprecedented pledge to share research on new antidotes Afghan woman slain for giving birth to daughter Three AfghanCanadians convicted on all charges of murdering four relatives in socalled honor killing Shafia family found guilty of first degree murder in Canadian honour killing CNN crew detained amid Chinese Tibet crackdown Sarkozy announces French financial transaction tax Iraq Is Angered by U.S. Drones Patrolling Its Skies  Greece edges closer to bankruptcy Women Expose Secret Genital Cutting Rite It was a dark and dingy room, where an elderly woman asked me to take off my panties, made me sit on a low wooden stool with my legs parted and then did somethingI screamed out in pain, recalls Mustansir, of her childhood experience
 Mysteries of Data Pool 3 give Rupert Murdoch a whole new headache Afghan woman is killed 'for giving birth to a girl' Norway Court Convicts Two in Bomb Plot  A Norwegian of Chinese Muslim origin with alleged links to al Qaeda was convicted Monday of plotting to blow up a Danish newspaper that had printed cartoons of Islam's Prophet Mohammad, and was sentenced to seven years in prison. UN World lacks enough food, fuel as population soars
| Reuters Japan's population faces dramatic decline Venezuela's Hugo Chavez warns banks of nationalisation Thailand backs Twitter Censoship Policy Unions Trying to Reverse Austerity With Strike in Belgium  The 3 groups have come together, organising the largest general strike in almost 20 years Spanair collapses, stranding 20,000 people NZ begins demolishing Christchurch suburbs Strong earthquake hits Peru's central coastline Vladimir Putin labelled a 'tyrant' by Russian rock band Iran reissues death sentence against webdev who had been accused of running a pornsite! A 6.3 magnitude earthquake has struck on the coast of central Peru Afghan police officer embraces suicide bomber to save others Russian satellite hit by debris from Chinese antisatellite test  The Pentagon's response to North Korea's nuke threat Yawn  North Korea Experts Worried, Speculate Attack On or Around March 11 Exscientologist I was brainwashed. BBC News interview with Jenna Miscavage Hill Forest elephant numbers have decreased by 62% across Central Africa over the last 10 years Stonehenge may have been burial site for Stone Age elite, say archaeologists. More than 50,000 cremated bone fragments, of 63 individuals buried at Stonehenge, have been excavated and studied for the first time by a team led by archaeologist.  Alleged blasphemy Mob burns scores of Christian homes in Lahore A worldrenowned physicist meets a gorgeous model online, gets caught with 2 kilos of cocaine in a suitcase she asked him to transport Norway teacher fired after letting children taste her blood Evidence that bishops in the Catholic Church in Scotland knew of 20 allegations of child sex abuse by priests between 1985 and 1995.  The tiny village of Feldheim is at the leading edge of Germanys renewable energy transition and generates all its own heat and light 100 per cent without fossil fuels and neutral as far as the emission of carbon dioxide is concerned Sperm whale on Spanish southern coast had swallowed 17kg of plastic waste dumped by greenhouses supplying produce to UK An Egyptian court confirmed death sentences handed down to 21 soccer fans for their role in a stadium riot which killed dozens of people in Port Said last year The United States has coordinated a massive airlift of arms to Syrian rebels from Croatia with the help of Britain and other European states, despite the continuing European Union arms embargo Uhuru Kenyatta, indicted for crimes against humanity, declared winner of Kenya's presidential election Sexual violence blights Cambodia  One in four men admit to rape in survey, 5% to participation in gang rape (VIDEO) 63 ill after eating at 'world's best restaurant'  guests fell ill with sickness and diarrhea after visiting Danish restaurant Noma Less fertile crescent The waters of Babylon are running dry Half of girls in South Sudan forced to marry Unidentified Life Form Found in Antarctic Lake Mind the Gap Tube announcement returns after wife's plea How potent are North Korea's threats? Many experts believe these threats come from the North's desire for a peace treaty with the US  An in depth BBC article on the issue. Stonehenge builders travelled from far, say researchers. EU Porn Ban? MEPs Attack 'Gender Stereotypes Resolution' Proposal For International Women's Day North Korea officially voids nonaggression pacts with South, following new round of UN sanctions North Korea says 'prepare for war' North Korea has voided its armistice with the South four times in the last 10 years BBC News  North Korea says it ends peace pacts with South Skype's Been Hijacked in China, and Microsoft Is O.K. With It  How a computerscience graduate at the University of New Mexico deciphered a complex surveillance system governing Skype chats in China Bosnian woman helps win recognition of rape as a war crime Mexican Supreme Court antigay comments are hate speech, not free speech, and are not legally protected First drones and now real life Skynet webbased brain for robots goes live in Europe. South Korea's president calls for joint defense readiness against North Korea's provocations Vatican gets eternal life Puts its entire library online North Korea ends nonaggression pacts with South, cuts hotline The EU will not accept any moves by the Americans to water down rules about the collection of individual personal information by companies, EU Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding said today in Brussels Police puzzled by human skulls found near consulates and Mormon churches in Sao Paulo, Brazil.  Nations Consider Protecting Sharks as 100 Million Die Each Year

  Every year in commercial fisheries around the world some 100 million sharks die, according to scientific findings released today. In Bangkok, 178 govts will decide whether to protect the most vulnerable shark species. The world is hottest it has been since the end of the ice age  and the temperature's still rising UN Security Council unanimously approves sanctions against North Korea in 150 vote. The resolution was drafted by China and the United States SK's Ministry of Defense vows to obliterate NK from the face of Earth if NK launches nuclear strike against SK White House We can stop a North Korean nuke strike China has appealed for calm on the Korean peninsula, hours after North Korea said it had scrapped all peace pacts with the South and threatened preemptive nuclear strikes. A Catholic Church in India bans Catholic school girl who was raped by a Catholic congressman from attending. U.S. says U.N. sanctions 'will bite' after North Korea threatens nuclear attack Every 2 hours, a woman in New Delhi(capital of INDIA) is molested or raped Palestinian pedestrians must walk along a tiny dirt road, while Jewish settlers and their guests get the rest of the street. Japan Earthquake, 2 Years Later Before and After Economist If you are a working woman, move to New Zealand. Wanted by the CIA Wikileaks founder Julian Assange In Japan, thousands of young men are retreating to their bedrooms and refusing to come out. Why? If the Vatican is trying to restore the impression that its moral sense is intact, issuing a document that equates pedophilia with the ordination of women doesnt really do that. Israeli bloggers hold online campaign to convince authorities to connect palestinian village to water supply Dutch Politician Forms AntiIslam Coalition.Controversial Dutch politician Geert Wilders has said he is forming an international freedom alliance to amplify his antiMuslim message across the West.The aim of the alliance is to end immigration of people from Muslim nations During the worst of the global financial meltdown, Berlin pumped tens of billions of euros into the economy and spent hundreds of billions propping up German banks. Now, the country is reaping the benefits as Germany is once again Europe's economic motor. Syria bans face veils at universities In Japan but surrounded by U.S. influence, Okinawa struggles with split identity  Americans, imagine for a second what it would be like to have a Japanese military base in your city. Drug gang kills 17 partygoers in Mexico kill them all China is now the world's biggest energy consumer, knocking the U.S. off a perch it held for more than a century Iran urges US to drop 'cowboy logic' over nuclear issue  We are for negotiations, but to do so you have to sit down like a good boy, Mr Ahmadinejad said, referring to the US in a speech broadcast live on state television. The President of Ireland signed a Civil Partnership Bill for gay couples this morning. The new law provides gay couples with most of the same rights and responsibilities as marriage  tax, social welfare, inheritance. While the prime minister is dispensing promises about easing restrictions in the territories, Israel is expelling hundreds of shepherds from the Jordan Valley  Syria bans full Islamic face veils at universities Wideeyed primate caught on camera for first time Germany opens motorway for a party  The first Palestinian solarpowered car  built from scratch by students with scant resources Iran calls for 'more fair' world body than UN   Bill Clinton and Bill Gates urge more efficient use of funds to fight Aids in the world Too much money is spent on reports that sit on shelves. I was president for eight years and I had no idea it was as bad as it was. We can fix this Swiss bank to lift lid on hidden Franz Kafka works Wikileaks Reopens for Leakers | Threat Level | 
Wired.com Last Year's Deadly Mudslide;  Did an Underground Nazi Factory Cause Disaster? Syria bans face veils at universities Tobacco giant Philip Morris found to be purchasing tobacco from landowners using child labor in horrible conditions in Kazakhstan (Video) A company in Dubai has agreed to buy 30,000 bottles of melted glacial water from Greenland for $52, 40 pr. specially produced glass bottle with a glass top. On Monday, The Washington Post (c/o Wikileaks) is going to publish an interactive website exposing Top Secret Federal government contractor details EU Authorities announces that implementation of Net Surveillance Directive is unlawful Directive compels all ISPs and telecos in Europe to retain telecom and internet traffic data of their customers My project has saved BP 
so far no recognition   Les Goldstein, the plumber who invented the cap. (translated article) In October Scotlands new Sexual Offences Act will come into force It will be illegal to communicate with someone sexually  either in writing or in speech  without obtaining their consent... Britain will not introduce law banning women from wearing the burka  such a move would be rather unBritish Details of techniques used to inflict pain deliberately on children in privately run jails have been revealed for the first time. How Iron Maiden Can Save The World  [Iron Maiden] and the fans, we're like one big family, said Bruce Dickinson, echoing the words of amazement an Egyptian friend of mine uttered when we first saw the scene in Dubai. Finally, a real community, he said with an almost palpable feeling of joy. Uzbek women accuse state of mass sterilizations Why States Should Never Enforce Religious Law Israeli police arrested woman for reading the Torah at the Western wall, which orthodox Jews say is forbidden by the Bible Hamas are banning women from smoking water pipes in cafes, claiming it violates tradition and leads to divorce. Defying Church, Argentina Legalizes Gay Marriage President Cristina Fernndez staked her political reputation on passing the law, deepening her often bitter feud with the country's Catholic hierarchy Wanted by the CIA The man who keeps no secrets (Julian Assange tells Matthew Bell why governments fear Wikileaks) Chinese oil pipeline explodes Banning of Burka not only in France but also in... Syria   Syrian higher education minister prohibits face veils, saying they negate academic values Literal Blowback Weapons Sent To Central American Fascists During The Cold War Are Now Being Used By Drug Cartels Against Local Governments And American DEA Agents Child prison secret restraint tactics 'revealed' Unicef report Rise in African children accused of witchcraft. Some as young as eight have been been burned, beaten and even killed as punishment South Korea counts the cost of being the most wired nation on earth  Listening to Global Voices  Ethan Zuckerman TED talk, about the global flow of news and information. The mother of a German soldier killed while on duty in Afghanistan is trying to sue the government over his death, accusing the army of having sent his unit into danger without sufficient equipment or backup. Iran Says Pakistan Is Harboring Rebels Hurricane drowns Mexico's economy  Destruction could be costliest in country's history Baghdad suicide bomber kills at least 43 people and injured 40 more....Meanwhile, there are fears that the political uncertainty could hinder the planned withdrawal of all US combat troops from Iraq . Why Venezuela's Chavez Dug Up Bolivar's Bones? Pakistan Losing lives to form trade unions b'Saudi judge sentences pregnant gangrape victim to 100 lashes for committing adultery' b'Ukraine Give the workers wages, and control of the factory, We no longer expect miracles, well take over the factory ourselves [with Pics]' b'Drug Found to Block HIV In Monkeys 83% effective in preventing HIV when taken 24 hours prior to infection.' b'Fascist candidate number 1 edges out Fascist candidate number 2 in Israeli elections' Israel's Enemy Within (PBS Frontline Video) Jennifer Figge did NOT swim across the Atlantic! Figge swam only a fraction of the 2,100mile journey. The rest of the time, she rested on her crew's westwardsailing catamaran. b'US marine convicted of raping Filipina should be detained in a Philippinerun facility, not the US Embassy.' 'Toxic' EU bank assets total 16.3 trillion b'WHAT?!?  Jordanian gets only 6 months in prison for double murder honor killing' Israeli Arab reporters banned from campaign meet of Lieberman's farright party (Jewish and foreign journalists who had not been invited were allowed to enter and cover the event) b'UK Students are revolting The spirit of 68 is reawakening' b'Azerbaijan air force head killed' b'Stunning & Depressing Israeli Election' b'Iranian mob attacks moderate expresident Mohammed Khatami on anniversary' b'Clinton Suggests US Could Abandon Europe Missile Defense System' Chilli, turmeric, ginger branded 'hazardous' ? b'India to Launch Cow Urine as Soft Drink ' b'Japan Pledges To Halt Production Of Weirdo Porn' b'Australian films his home burning' b'Pedophile upset that victim's family would likely not think kind thoughts about him anymore. Awwww, shucks.' Nearly half of those polled said that Jews were more loyal to Israel than to their home country. 23% said that their opinion of Jews was influenced by Israel's military and political activities. b'Wilders denied entrance to UK' b'Dutch MP banned from entering UK' 'Bush is dead' broadcast in South Africa b'AP goofs and says woman swam across the Atlantic...she only swam about 250 miles' So that's OK then. It's fine to abuse young girls, as long as you're a great film director After four years of relative seclusion Fidel Castro makes a televised address warning of imminent nuclear conflict in the Middle East. 91 Israelis file a $1.2 billion lawsuit in a US federal court against alJazeera The network 'intentionally reported live coverage of locations of missile strikes inside of Israel to aid Hezbollah South Korea deploys robots capable of killing intruders along border with North  Israel faces worldwide dockworkers boycott for flotilla massacre and Gaza siege Burka Ban French Parliament Votes To Ban Veils Covering Face, Muslim Burka And Niqab Affected Iran says a nuclear scientist it claims was abducted by the US has taken refuge in its interest section at Pakistan's embassy in Washington Israel razed on Tuesday an inhabited Palestinian home in East Jerusalem for the first time in eight months, effectively ending an unofficial freeze of such internationallycondemned demolitions. US and UK credit rating downgraded by Chinese Did BP Negotiate a Terrorist's Release in Exchange for Libyan Oil? UK Opposes criminalization of illegal file sharing, citing that the penalties are not appropriate 'Walls of fat' removed from London's sewers  A team of flushers equipped with full breathing apparatus has been drafted in with shovels to dig out an estimated 1,000 tonnes of putrid fat. If the public fears a cyberwar because the powers that be says there is danger, that makes it easier to put into place systems that watch and record everything you do online, provide justification for cutting off the Internet during an emergency and other measures. (warning PDF) European Union member states have agreed the additional funds needed to construct Iter (the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor). The Jewish school where half the pupils are Muslim The organisers of a Libyan aid ship bound for Gaza say it's been confronted by an Israeli military vessel and ordered to change its course for Egypt. They also say the boat  called 'Hope'  is refusing to alter its destination and will continue to head to the Palestinian territory.  Israelis sue AlJazeera over Lebanon war reporting Sunday marked the 15th anniversary of the Srebrenica massacre, when Bosnian Serbs killed around 8,000 Muslim men and boys. German commentators point out that there are still plenty of unanswered questions, including whether blame for the genocide has been correctly attributed. Afghan soldier kills Nato troops United Arab Emirates issues religious edict against vuvuzelas Afghan soldier kills 3 Brit troops during joint patrol Missing Iranian scientist found in US  A missing Iranian nuclear scientist that Teheran claims was kidnapped by the CIA has sought refuge in the Pakistani embassy in Washington, according to an Iranian state radio report cited by Reuters. Policeman arrested for smuggling drugs to prisoners  Police said this is not the first time a police officer has become involved in smuggling drugs to prisoners in exchange for money.
 Russia longs for breather in fierce heatwave French MPs vote to ban Islamic full veil in public BANGLADESH A man dies in police custody after refusing to pay bribes; his relatives are warned not to pursue the case North Korean soldiers defect to China fuelling fears of imminent military clash Terrorists target World Cup fans in Uganda, watching final game  At least 64 killed Anger in Costa Rica over deal to 'invite' 46 US warships    Opposition leaders in Costa Rica are furious over an agreement that allows 46 US warships and 7,000 US Marines to enter the country as part of an antidrug effort. Swiss authorities reject US extradition of Polanski Israel and the lobby are pushing us to war with Iran. Al Qaeda group bombs Ugandan World Cup parties death toll now 65 (Photos) Ireland to block EUIsrael data transfer Facebook installs 'panic button' for children Oil companies complicit in Sudan civil war, report alleges. A recent report by a group of NGOs alleges that an oil consortium led by Swedish firm Lundin Petroleum may have been complicit in 'war crimes and crimes against humanity' in Sudan. No freedom flotilla for the people of Darfur.  Sudan government incited violence kills 221 in June Conroy and Gillard delay controversial web filtering plan.  The Australian government has succumbed to pressure and delayed the introduction of its mandatory internet filtering scheme. Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro will appear on Cuban television and radio on Monday evening to discuss his theory that the world is on the verge of nuclear war, the Communist Party newspaper Granma said in its Monday online edition. Two men who organised a controversial art exhibition showing in Moscow in 2007 have been found guilty by a Russian court of inciting hatred. BBC News  Twin blasts in Uganda capital Kampala kill at least 64 Will Brazil be able to successfully host the 2014 World Cup? AlJazeera reports that maybe they won't. Iran Air is now forbidden from landing most of its airplanes in Europe, due to safety concerns 26 Year Old Woman Raped and Murdered by Basij Members for 'Bad Hijab'  The intentions of the savage Basij members was to put a stop to the improper way women in society dressed Gaza farmers risk being shot by Israeli patrols Foreigners acts as human shield to protect Palestinians Israel's military probe into the attack on the Gaza aid convoy has found Israeli forces guilty of serious errors 'Shining India' makes its poor pay price of hosting Commonwealth Games China New government transparency rules strike chord with public Creating Order in the Euro Zone  Fearing a lasting burden on taxpayers, the German government is preparing a set of insolvency rules for countries in the euro zone. It would require private investors to bear some of the financial burden and force the affected countries to give up some sovereignty. Dubai full body scanners at airports violate personal privacy and may have side effects on passengers. Palestinians in Hebron have their doors welded shut to protect Jewish settlers. It was a helluva run Colton HarrisMoore arrested in Bahamas Al Jazeera found that stoplights that lead to Jewish settlements and neighbourhoods stay green for an average of a minute and a half. In Palestinian areas, it's 20 seconds. One light in predominantly Arab East Jerusalem is green for less than 10 seconds 18 terabytes of uncut rushes put together by Phil Goodwin who has worked for 14 years as a cameraman for the BBC in Afghanistan An academic backlash has erupted in Israel over 
proposed new laws, backed by the government of 
Binyamin Netanyahu, to criminalise a handful of 
Israeli professors who openly support a campaign 
against the continuing occupation of the West Bank. Ireland seeks to block Israel access to data on EU citizens The Country that Hates Everyone 4 Arrested in South Africa Trying to Sell Nuclear Device Syrian troops overwhelmed by diarrhea epidemic! Haunting Images of the Massacre That Shamed Europe and the UN Report At least 33 dead after two explosions hit Kampala, Uganda Threatening World Order US and Israel Quietly Announce Plans to Reconstitute Their Nuclear Stockpiles Hamas vows to punish collaborators with Israel as remorse ultimatum is over Guatemala's navy captured a makeshift submarine loaded with five metric tons of cocaine bound for the United States. With nonviolent struggle, we can win the media battle.  They always used to say that Palestinians are killers. With nonviolence, we can show that we are victims, that we are not against Jews but are against occupation. Israel says won't let Libyan aid ship reach Gaza New pictures show Castro in rare public appearance 
 Pyramid Construction Supervisor's Tomb Found  Discovery News Sri Lanka war crimes rift with U.N. widens over protests  Cuba 'starts freeing dissidents' after hunger strike Afghanistans Qalahye Zal District Governor killed after bomb detonates inside car Libyan ship We're going to Gaza  Of course Rupert Murdoch's evil, but that doesn't mean he's wrong  Physicists' research casts doubt on idea that North Korean torpedo downed vessel In Haiti, the Displaced Are Left Clinging to the Edge Galloway sums up the israel palestine conflict in an interview France denies citizenship to Muslim immigrant who failed to assimilate into French society A Muslim immigrant who called for the slaughter of Jews in online postings has become the first person to be charged with promoting genocide in Canada Math Class in the Morning, Turning Tricks at Lunchtime  They are still children, only 12 or 13 years old. They fall in love for the first time and wind up with a pimp. Parents and police are struggling against the hold socalled loverboys have over young girls, but often it's already too late. Iran imposes media blackout over stoning sentence woman South Africa blackowned farms 'failing'  More than a million people are marching in Barcelona to call for greater autonomy for the Catalan region. Brazil moves to update its copyright law, with a twist; penalize anyone who hinders or impedes fair use rights or obstructs the use of work that has already fallen into the public domain. Dubai airports nix fullbody scanners out of respect for privacy of individuals and personal freedom Drug bust at Israel airport, Hasidic Jews arrested For Propaganda to Work, It Must First Be Believable The Captured Palestinian Missile Launching Garbage Truck Palestinian demographics and cross border fungibles could break down Israel's ringfenced security, causing even more of its nervous east Europeanorigin Jews to migrate back to their homes in Russia, Poland and elsewhere More than 100 dead in blast in northwest Pakistan Painting depicting politicians at Nelson Mandela's autopsy have sparked anger in SA; ruling ANC party compares it to 'witchcraft' and call it racist Chinese Naval Fighter begins rollout.  What does it remind me of? The sad reality is that todays oppressed are quite often yesterdays oppressors, and todays victims tomorrows victimizers.  UK fugitive kills himself to evade capture, which begs the question, why is it considered more humane to lock someone up for the rest of their life rather than execute? Belgium Church Panel On Sex Abuse Shuts After Raid In Haiti, the Displaced Are Left Clinging to the Edge The largest urban disaster in modern history The village makes the villain.  Mozambique's `recolonisation' Professor's hand chopped off for insulting Muhammad Global Elite Designed Sanctions to Kill and Impoverish the People of Iran The Chinese military awoke [on June 28, 2010] to find as many as 462 new Tomahawks deployed by the U.S. in its neighborhood. 'There's been a decision to bolster our forces in the Pacific,' says Bonnie Glaser, a China expert . . . 'There is no doubt that China will stand up and take notice.' How Guatemala nearly went 'narco' INDONESIA Moluccas clashes between Christians and Muslims three dead and five injured Israeli PM Netanyahu 'the only way to deal with the Palestinians is to beat them up, not once but repeatedly, beat them up so it hurts so badly, until it's unbearable...America is a thing you can move very easily The Iranian Regime's Numbered Days  
The country's conservative and influential merchant class is on strike. This does not bode well for Ahmadinejad's government. Conservative MP refuses to hold meetings with Muslim women wearing full Islamic dress at his constituency surgery unless they lift their face veil The Polish Catholic church is losing its members in droves due to the recent spate of pedophile priestrelated  sex scandals and increasing secularism amongst Polish youth Once allies, Turkey may soon be severing its ties with Israel Germans Deaf to U.S. `Nonsense' as Exports Power Growth  Majority of Brits want burkas banned Charlie Brooker The news Tony Blair Directly Involved US Sought Rendition of British Nationals to Guantnamo. Car bomb in Mexican drug war changes ground rules Divers find oldest champagne in Baltic wreck Palestine's dying keffiyah industry  an iconic symbol dies as it becomes a global fashion accessory Persian Isolation  A Quiet Axis Forms Against Iran in the Middle East Roma oppression in Kosovo. After the destruction of their homes and forced expulsion from South Mitrovica in Kosovo in 1999, the Roma people were displaced to temporary UN camps at the foot of mountains of toxic lead waste. Ten years later, families are still there suffering... The Saudi succession When kings and princes grow old  Australian PM calls for elections on Aug' 21 More than a thousand civilians have been killed in the war in Afghanistan this year alone, an Afghan rights group has reported. Skeleton of Simon Bolivar exhumed in Venezuela Israeli settlements have been dumping untreated waste directly into a sewage canal running through occupied West Bank, affecting Palestinian villages. Israelhas banned plans by the Palestinian Authority to  build pipes & pumps to treat and divert wastewater away from the affected villages. Hundreds killed in Darfur fighting  North Korean Propaganda Posters A new armed group is threatening to launch a violent campaign for the reunification of Somalia. India unveils new rupee symbol Three British soldiers killed in Afghanistan  The deaths follow a particularly difficult few weeks for Nato forces in the country. CNN fires journalist for expressing regret at the death 
of Lebanese cleric Our biggest gadget makersincluding HP and Applemay get their raw ingredients from genocidal militias in Congo. A new movement has begun to trace rare metals to the conflict mines they come from, and it won its first major victory this week. Woman Arrested at G20 for Assaulting Cop with Bubbles Israel's foreign minister wants to hand Gaza responsibility to International Forces and to lift blockade entirely Turning it into a fully separate and independent entity THE SINGAPORE SOLUTION. How did a sleepy little island transform into a hightech powerhouse in one generation? It was all in the plan. Africa has more SerialKillers than U.S. and Europe  Given to ritual murders and a sedentary lifestyle, African serial killers are quite peculiar. Parents who fail to help an obese child eat and exercise could be guilty of neglect, experts say British PM David Cameron is opening up the Shetland Isles to deepsea drilling Time Magazine USIsraeli Attack On Iran Back On The Table  There really wasn't a military option a year ago, an Israeli military source told me. But they've gotten serious about the planning, and the option is real now. Israel has been brought into the planning process... Scores of Russians have died in the past few weeks 
because of drinking too much vodka during a 
recordsetting heatwave.  When I'm thirsty, the 
first thing I also want is vodka. Having multiple husbands has been practiced here for centuries, but in a single generation it has all but vanished. Chomsky Is the U.S. Gearing Up for the Destruction of Iran?  Iran sits at the top of US concerns about keeping control of Middle East oilproducing regions, preparing for serious violence if other means do not suffice. The Murder of Natalya Estemirova   Medvedev told  Angela Merkel that investigators have identified and are hunting for the killer of human rights activists Natalya Estemirova. Many, though, think he's wrong. For one, the primary suspect is dead. For another, no one believes he did it. How would you fight against traffic hooligans in Russia? Vatican declares ordination of women a grave crime same as sex abuse Osama bin Laden is alive, says son Omar Free Mexico honeymoon for first Argentine gay newlyweds  Mexico City has offered a free honeymoon to the first gay couple to marry in Argentina under a new law. Making Way for the Pipeline; A Treasure Trove in the Baltic Sea Uganda Wants Its 'Peacekeeping' Troops To Launch Military Offensive In Somalia  We are now going to go on the offensive and get these people, [Pres. Yoweri Museveni] said. AlShabab said the attacks had avenged the indiscriminate shelling of civilians by peacekeepers in Mogadishu.  Sunni Terrorist Group Strikes in Iran Killing 27 Death sentence for Israeli spy in Lebanon Red Sea the other oil spill  As BP caps Gulf Coast leak, Egypt wrestles with response to its own spill. On Goldman Sachs' $550m fine The giant vampire squid carries on vampiring British Government Says Release of Abdelbaset alMegrahi was a mistake Aussie War Chief Explains Rationale For Afghan War We have clearly defined goals... to deny sanctuary to terrorists, to help stabilise Afghanistan and to support our alliance with the United States, he said. U.S. Says Scientist Was a C.I.A. Informant While Still in Iran  Argentina Senate approves samesex marriage. First country in Latin America to grant samesex marriages all the rights of heterosexual unions How about some *real* world news? Sudan is preparing for referendums that could lead to southern Sudanese independence, and possibly a stop to the bloodshed Vatican offends both women and victims of pedophile priests, by saying pedophelia is pretty much at the level of sin of ordaining a woman priest.  A twofer! BP Admits It Lobbied British for Libyan Pan Am Flight 103 bomber Transfer, While seeking a billion dollar oil exploration deal with Libya You ever have one of those days where every single thing you read in the news just makes you feel hopeless for the future of the world? Hugo Chavez The pope, who despite what they say is no ambassador on earth for Christ. Christ is in the people  The Vatican today made the attempted ordination of women one of the gravest crimes under church law, putting it in the same category as clerical sex abuse of minors, heresy and schism. India has a new symbol for its currency following a public contest with 3,000 submissions U.S based terrorist who was involved in the 2008 Mumbai attacks in which 166 people were killed confesses that Pakistan's intelligence agency ISI orchestrated the attacks.  Israel approves initial reading of bill that will make it illegal for Israelis to openly support antioccupation boycott SHOCK! Billions of pounds 'wasted' trying to help Afghanistan  BILLIONS of pounds blown on trying to rid Afghanistan of opium and most of the military's cashforwork projects have been a complete waste of time and money, Afghanistan's finance minister said. Ukraine says No to NATO | Ukraines President Viktor Yanukovich has signed a decree that cancels the countrys previous plans to join the North Atlantic alliance. Argentina legalizes gay marriage in historic vote  Argentina early Thursday legalized samesex marriages to become the first country in an overwhelmingly Catholic region, Latin America, to grant samesex couples the same rights as heterosexual couples. Countries promised $5.3 billion to Haiti, so far only 2% of that has been handed over, by 4 countries Norway, Australia, Brazil and Estonia  CNN Healthcare crisis in North Korea forces Kim Jong Il to use his touching healing powers  Rwandan opposition party leader found beheaded Arab autocracy Thank you and goodbye  
For good or ill, change is coming to Egypt and Saudi Arabia soon  Iranian scientist Shahram Amiri returns home, says US kidnapped him and subjected him to the harshest mental and physical torture Guantanamo torture lawsuits against Britain get green light  A High Court judge has ruled that former Gitmo detainees can proceed with lawsuits accusing Britain of complicity in torture overseas. The UK govt had sought a suspension of the lawsuits to allow an independent inquiry to begin its work. A Kingdom Divided How 9/11 led a preeminent scholar to challenge the House of Saud's teachings on Islam Jewish terrorist arrested in Israel Outspoken Chinese blogs shut down Israelis convicted in shooting  An Israeli military court has convicted a former Israeli commander and one of his soldiers over the shooting of a bound and blindfolded Palestinian demonstrator. Denmark Debates a Lower Minimum Wage for Immigrants  A Danish politician has suggested paying immigrants half the current minimum wage. The idea has gone down well with centerright parties, but it's opposed by the left  and the far right. And now another reason to hate BP... 2010 Hottest Year on Record so far according to NASA.  That's right.  The Earth has never been hotter than it is right now, at least since we've been keeping records. South Korea, which derives 40% of its electricity from nuclear power, wants to reprocess the waste into usable fuel. The US says no way. Politicians in Pakistan have been left redfaced after an investigation found dozens of MPs have fake university degrees.
The chief minister of Balochistan Province, Nawab Muhammad Aslam Raisani, told the press A degree is a degree, whether it is fake or genuine. 900yearold Song dynasty drains save Chinese city from deadly floods India considers a sterilization first policy as population spirals out of control Britain's actually almost 4 trillion in debt, about 4 x higher than previously acknowledged South Korea has deployed sentry robots capable of detecting and killing intruders along the heavilyfortified border with North Korea, officials said on Tuesday. BBC report on the UK's premier scientific bodies cease and desist letter to EXXON asking them to stop funding groups distorting their views on Global warming.    Chinese factories now compete to woo laborers Half a million Israelis live on stolen West Bank land. A report finds an estimated 300,000 living in 121 official settlements, plus 100,000 in smaller unofficial 'outposts'. The remainder in 12 neighbourhoods annexed to Jerusalem. Chile approves net neutrality (google translation from a spanish blog, sorry about that) Interesting BBC piece revealing Japan's bizarre high tech / low tech cultural juxtaposition Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri, who defected to the US, is now on his way back home to Tehran after a very messy and public redefection Four West Australian police officers are being investigated over allegations they misused Tasers on colleagues during an apparent initiation ritual. Threat to peace talks as Israelis demolish home  Israeli bulldozers razed six buildings in East Jerusalem, including three Palestinian homes, marking the end of Israeli efforts to refrain from contentious demolitions that could undermine peace talks. The Taliban is training monkey soldiers for Jihad. Makes sense you don't want to mess with a monkey with an AK47. Israeli Driver 'No black Ethiopians on my bus'  The driver added All of these kushim [a derogatory term for Africans] should be sent back to Ethiopia. You are a stupid nation, and you damage our land. French MPs vote to ban Islamic full veil in public Two more journalists shot and killed in Mexico Australian drunk survives attempt to ride crocodile Amy Goodman Haiti, Six Months After the Earthquake  TruthdigJuly 12 marked the six month anniversary of the devastating earthquake in Haiti that killed as many as 300,000 people and left much of the country in ruins.
 Classified documents reveal UK's role in abuse of its own citizens So we have an Act of Parliament which expressly grants to the Treasury power to disapply ... any rule of law  Lord Chief Justice criticises UK's authoritarian laws German policeman wins extra week of holiday for time spent getting dressed AntiSemitic Alliance  The Shared Extremism of NeoNazis and Migrant Youth in Germany b'Western internet censorship The beginning of the end or the end of the beginning?' b'In case you were wondering | The Israeli Military finished its investigation of itself and finds no misconduct in Gaza War' b'Canada To Bush Yall Dont Come Back Soon! | A few weeks ago, George W. Bush slunk into Calgary, Alberta where he was paid a reported $50,000 to address a group of oil men. Canadians were none too happy.' b'Mapping the fall of communism' b'A group of pirates got a nasty surprise when they attacked a merchant ship  that turned out to be a German naval vessel.' b'Morocco has expelled five European missionaries for attempting to convert local Muslims to Christianity' b'At least 19 people have died in a crush at a football stadium during a World Cup qualifier in Ivory Coast.' b'Israeli Railways fires Arab workers' b'A group of researchers from the University of Torontobased Monk Centre for International Studies have discovered a massive spy system infiltrating more than 1,200 computer systems worldwide, including those of the offices of the Dalai Lama.' b'Gaza cannot remain an openair prison forever' b'One end of the tunnel emerges next to Tower Bridge on the banks of the Thames in London  the other is next to Brooklyn Bridge on the banks of New York's East River.  It looks like something HG Wells might have imagined. ' b'Man takes a disco ball to North Korea I wanted to get a feeling of how far one can go without offending anyone' b'Countries who are censoring the internet now' b'Not just Bay of Pigs and Nicaragua CIA did the nasty in London, UK' b'Chinese Police Brutality In Tibet' b'Obama visits London with an entourage of 500, an armorplated limousine and a fleet of decoy helicopters' b'Gunmen storm Pakistan police academy' b'Israel in PR drive to deflect criticism over Gaza deaths' b'...the main problem Iran poses to the U.S. is not its nuclear program, but the difficulty of integrating Iran into the web of relationships the U.S. maintains with Irans neighbors and U.S. strategic partners in the region.' b'How Russia Made Draft Dodging a MillionDollar Industry' b'BBC NEWS Pakistan police academy attacked' b'US reporters face North Korea trial' b'Pakistan  20 dead, 25 hurt in Lahore police training school attack' b'AUS says stay away from Bali' b'Anarchists in the UK 'Contrary to mainstream and corporate media unsubstantiated scaremongering campaign claiming the usual anarchist groups bound for violence, the demo passed completely peacefully' [PICS]' b'6,000 Muslim clerics from around India approved a fatwa against terrorism.' b'Report Georgia May Have Sparked War With Russia  Washington Post Investigations' b'Georgia fired first shot, say UK monitors' b'Stunned Icelanders Struggle After Economys Fall' b'China to bailout own citizens rather than banks' b'Student detained after refusing to shake hands with Israeli President' b'Blasphemy law ditched by the Dutch' Michael Woodward was a priest who was brutally tortured by Pinochet's regime before being shot in the chest and buried in an unmarked grave  now his kidnappers face justice  b'Bush Adm Tries To Block Release Of Prisoner Abuse Photos ' b'U.S. military admits killing 37 Afghan civilians in battling militants' b'A man who police believe was shot and killed by his 8yearold son had consulted a Roman Catholic priest about whether the boy should handle guns and had taught him how to use a rifle' b'Cyprus Elects Communist President. The 61yearold Sovieteducated history professor won 53%. He now describes himself as a progressive socialist who supports some free market policies.' b'Christian Monks Brawl at Jerusalem Shrine' b'While US bails out banks and failed auto makers, China is spending $568 billion on infrastructure and social welfare' b'How Merrill Lynch failed even after insurers stopped insuring their crazy mortgage deals, ML kept making them' b'The page that says  Palin blamed by the US Secret service is missing' b'Artifacts believed to be from Kristallnacht An Israeli writer believes objects in a dump near Berlin are related to the 1938 pogrom considered by many to be the start of the Holocaust.' b'Israeli authorities reject the claims that the black Hebrews are authentic Jews' b'The 6million squatters Artist gang flies the black flag of  anarchy over Mayfair mansion (Daily Mail)' 'Childwitches' of Nigeria seek refuge b'Voting for Reproductive Freedom' Egypt kicks out bin Laden's son b'Russian navy sub accident kills more than 20' b'Mexico Under Seige For Tijuana children, drug war gore is part of their school day ' b'Russia to Deploy Missiles Only If U.S. Builds Shield ' b'Digital forensics expert determines recent Kim JongIl photo was NOT manipulated.'  Inspired by Barack Obama, the French say 'Yes, we can!' too, to ending racism b'Secret order lets U.S. attack what it considered to be Al Qaeda anywhere in the world.' Maldives' government will start saving to buy a new homeland in case global warming causes the country to disappear into the sea. b'UK judge bans youth from wearing hoodie.  Upheld by high court.' b'New rules might force British universities to spy on and police the activities of foreign students.' What's wrong in Britain today  Daily Mail, anyone?  Paul Dacre should be shot. b'Fist Fight!  Rival monks slug it out in Jerusalem.' b'Ushahidi, a crowdsourcing tool to map incidents of violence in a region, just launched in the Democratic Republic of the Congo' b'MPs seek to censor the media ' b'the United States and Europe are key to forging a new world order. UK prime Minister' b'Secret Order Lets U.S. Raid Al Qaeda in Many Countries  NYTimes.com' b'Dozens of Italian footballers fall prey to fatal disease' b'China's human flesh search engine allows citizens to track down wanted criminals, but is justice or witchhunting?' After solving all their problems Pakistan Declares Death Penalty for 'Cyber Terror' b'Report AlQaida planning Britain strikes. Scare tactics or real threat?' b'Maldives plans to buy new homeland as insurance policy against global warming' b'Marine census leads to discovery of more than 200 new species' b'Gordon Brown calls for new world order to beat recession ' b'German rape victims mother withdraws complaint' b'Cambodian police chief dies in helicopter crash' b'Italy next to bail out banks' b'China Unveils $586 Billion Stimulus Package' b'German state legislator under fire for Obama slurs' b'Gobekli Tepe The Worlds First Temple? | Smithsonian Magazine' If you truly support WikiLeaks, why not support Bradley Manning, the US solider who leaked the documents in the first place? Monsanto GMO sugarbeets to be destroyed, court concludes USDA illegally approved biotech crop Wikileaks Cables Reveal That Canada Is Boring Julian Assange and one of the most relevant and intelligent speeches ever...the Oslo Freedom Forum speech Not the Onion Nigeria to charge Dick Cheney in $180 million bribery case, issue Interpol arrest warrant  Britain allowed USA to store cluster bombs on its territory despite international ban Avoiding US Censorship, Torrent Sites May Flee To China   Missing The Point Of WikiLeaks  
With or without Julian Assange, future large leaks are inevitable. The technology is out there. That's good, if we want to challenge the institutions that control our fate, by bringing their secrets to light Russia Below The Surface  At last, an unflinching account of corruption in Russia. Drawn from Wikileaks cables, in which diplomats say privately what no reputable source would say publicly. The crooks are the government. And viceversa Cuba to gradually embrace Capitalism  Atlantic bluefin tuna on the brink of collapse WWF teamed up with supermarket chains and restaurants to press countries to set stricter fishing regulations for bluefin tuna WikiLeaks an American conspiracy, Afghans say WikiLeaks cables Alexander Litvinenko murder 'probably had Putin's OK' Perhaps the reason North Korea stopped shelling is because SK bloodied their nose with its return fire.  selfstyled 'hacktivist for good' who claimed to have carried out the denial of service attacks which took down WikiLeaks over the weekend has been raided by police. WikiLeaks cables Secret deal let Americans sidestep 
cluster bomb ban Unpluggable How WikiLeaks embarrassed and enraged America, gripped the public and rewrote the rules of diplomacy Only 17% of the public believes the Israel's selfdefinition as a democracy should take precedence over its selfdefinition as Jewish New WikiLeaks revelations show Ireland blocking U.S. ammunition transfers to Israel after the Second Lebanon War in 2006 Ambassador reports Sri Lankan President responsible for alleged war crimes Man killed with crossbow at Toronto library  
The man was pronounced dead at the scene after being struck down by the projectile, known as a bolt, police told CBC News. Boss orders female staff to wear red bracelets when they are on their periods Julian Assange, defending our democracies (despite their owners' wishes) WikiLeaks expose US tactic to ignite clash among Muslim nations exPak Army chief Despite accusations that Julian Assange is on the run, The Independent has learnt that Scotland Yard has known his whereabouts for more than a month but has yet to receive official instructions to arrest him. b'Poland Looks Inward After Film Puts Mall Girl Culture on View' b'Rats that find land mines are saving lives in Africa. This is how they are trained' b'Jewish settlers in East Jerusalem celebrate massacre of 29 Palestinians by Jewish terrorist' b'Two dead as giant waves hit cruise ship...WOW' b'Jews praying at Western Wall pelted with rocks following an Islamic sermon on a recent Israeli decision to include two West Bank shrines on a list of national heritage sites' b'Man executed by firing squad for using cell phone' Japan's Princess Aiko 'bullied at school' b'Tobacco giant, Philip Morris, files lawsuit against Uruguay, charging that new health measures involving cigarette packaging amount to unfair treatment of the company!' Mexican gov't official fired for painting teen's buttocks as punishment for graffiti tagging b'Unemployed Woman with 11 Children from 5 Different Fathers Enjoys $60,000 salary from British Taxpayers' b'Priest gets suspended sexual assault sentence' Respected Danish journalist admits 'I was a Mossad agent' b'All that the Pakistani Taliban wanted was money and that's all they talked about. They were not religious men. We did not see any one of them offering prayers even once.  A rescued hostage' b'Airline pilot arrested in Amsterdam for flying 13 years with bogus licence' b'The unlelected house is the only one with any sense House of Lords makes moves to scrap bill clause which would let the government and corporations  spy on us all' b'Japan will not comply if a ban on international trade in Atlantic bluefin tuna is imposed' b'Maoists plan to overthrow Indian government ' Australian woman 'decapitated during freak lawnmower accident' b'I am sorry for what I did and hope that my  daughter does not suffer any more in heaven girl  dies after parents become obsessed with raising  virtual baby while their real daughter lay abandoned  and unfed' Germany convicts 4 'Sauerland group' bomb plotters (with help from the CIA) b'A proposal to remove donor organs from patients who are dying before they are actually dead, published today in the Dutch medical journal Medisch Contact, has met with fierce criticism.' b'Death toll from Chilean earthquake sharply revised down from 802 to 279.' b'Dozens of ships that had been trapped in ice in the Baltic Sea off Stockholm, some for several days, have been freed' Papal aide, Vatican men's choir in gay prostitution ring b'Irish foreign minister speaks out against Gaza blockade in I.H.T. Oped.' Guardian Let's Stop Assuming the Police are on Our Side  From mass arrests to surveillance, confidence in the Metropolitan police is at an alltime low  It was asked why we have not heard about Murdoch Phone hacking here you go. The latest on the Murdoch Phone hacking World population to surpass 7 billion in 2011 Arctic scientist who exposed climate threat to polar bear is suspended. US government conducts 'integrity inquiry' on federal biologist amid lobbying by oil firms for Arctic permits Canadians raise $2.9million for East African famine victims  Gaddafi is stronger than ever in Libya North Korea seeks peace treaty with US  Japan considers end to Antarctic whaling. Norway prime minister urges nation to embrace freedom Evil has brought out the best in us. Hatred engenders love. Anonymous no more  You cant hidefrom anybody | The Economist China's staterun media have labelled US domestic politicians dangerously irresponsible for wrangling over debt.

 In his rage against Muslims, Norway's killer was no loner Hacking judge tells press I need your help to weed out corruption Tunisian court sentences ousted president Ben Ali to 
16 years jail for corruption Turkey Military chiefs 'resign en masse' Poland finds Russia at fault for presidential jet crash A Polish report has found that Russia was partly to blame for the air crash last year which killed thenPresident Lech Kaczynski. Morrissey Norwegian killings are 'nothing' compared with McDonald's and KFC Miracle Transplant Wearing the Face of Dead Man Palestinians prepare for massive uprising There are fewer undocumented immigrants in California because many are now finding the American dream south of the border...
 Tens of thousands of Egyptian Islamists pour into Tahrir Square calling for a state bound by strict religious law  Turkey's top military chiefs 'resign' over divisions with government  Berlin's drive to recruit foreign workers proves unpopular The economic crisis has cost many skilled workers in nations like Greece or Spain their jobs. Some of them now want to try their luck in Germany. That makes labor experts happy, but many Germans are opposed to the idea. Hosni Mubarak will see trial from inside metal cage Israels citizenry seems to have collectively blown a fuse. Children in nuclearhit Fukushima are to undergo 
regular cancer tests  for the rest of their lives.  Syrian protesters 'forcibly disappeared' at rate of one every hour, say activists  Oslo Massacre Despite...Breiviks known ultraright associations, the media is at great pains to obscure the political issues raised by his atrocity and portray him as nothing more than a lone psychopath. Anger over China highspeed rail accident leads to unusually vocal protests against the government's handling of the aftermath Libyan rebel officials say Abdel Fattah Younes, who was leading the rebels'
military campaign against Muammar Gaddafi, is dead. Killer Algae Hits Brittany Beaches   Toxic gas could be as fatal to humans as to the dead boars washing ashore 19yo LulzSec Anonymous spokesman arrested in London. In the Thai Buddhist mind, almost nothing is so disturbing as harming a monk. That is exactly why insurgents shoot monks at close range. Ibrahim Qashoush's lyrics moved thousands of protesters in Syria who sang his jaunty verses at rallies, telling President Bashar Assad, Time to leave. So when his body was dumped in the river flowing through his hometown, his killers added an obvious message His throat was carved out.
 BBC News  BT ordered to block pirate links Mexican judge finds 14yearold U.S. citizen guilty of beheadings  CNN.com The United Nations has begun sending emergency humanitarian aid to Somalia in a bid to help millions there suffering from a crippling drought affecting the Horn of Africa. Still, aid groups say millions can't be reached. Swedish neoNazi site charged with hate speech for allowing a reader comment containing racial slurs to remain on the site. Cuba is close to recognizing civil unions for samesex couples Faces of 38 of the victims from Norway after police has released their names  At last! Egypt's Hosni Mubarak to face trial in Cairo Norway killer's manifesto praises Japan for not adopting multiculturalism The Norway attacks (The Big Picture) Scotland Yard LulzSec spokesman arrested UK Prime Minister adviser suggests abolition of consumer rights and jobcentres  Heavy fighting erupts in Somalia after the first aid 
delivery arrives to Mogadishu. For anyone who hasn't seen it yet, here is a brief BBC guide to the Palestinian UN recognition bid. China demands US to halt spy plane flights near Chinese coast BBC News  Why do social networks insist on having your real name? The Breakup Why Ireland Is No Longer the Vatican's Loyal Follower WikiLeaks vanishes from web as US company removes DNS support | Media | guardian.co.uk Chinese drive their new motorcycles and cars like they are still on bikes. Disaster results.  Mexican police chief who took the job men didnt want is shot dead Assange not actually accused of Rape. Dude just didn't use a Condom and is being busted by some random ExclusivetoSweeden law. You've heard the talking point there's nothing we didn't know in the leaks. Well the German Foreign Minister's chief of staff was just fired because they showed he was spying for Uncle Sam. Russia, Qatar win race to host World Cups Brazil recognizes Palestinian state  based on borders at the time of Israel's 1967 conquest of the West Bank! Want to know what actually happened between Julian Assange, the women he was with, and the accusations of rape? Read this story that actually includes the police report from Sweden. Rape? No. A woman scorned? Absolutely. Julian Assange The Cable Gate archive has been spread, along with significant material from the US and other countries to over 100,000 people in encrypted form. If something happens to us, the key parts will be released automatically. PM Vladimir Putin speaking English.  I don't why this was interesting to me, but it was. WikiLeaks is Back in Switzerland Is it just me or does the BBC News and television network seem more neutral and less opinionated than US news networks and television? WikiLeaks cables reveal how US manipulated climate accord I think Reddit needs a Good News subreddit. The British are protesting US plans to extradite Gary McKinnon, a hacker with Asperger's Syndrome who accessed Department of Defense computers. Germany accuses US over 'missing' Afghan funds, WikiLeaks cables show  Berlin claims that 50m contribution disappeared into US treasury coffers with 15% 'administrative fee' taken by army WikiLeaks cables claim first scalp as German minister's aide is sacked  Helmut Metzner admitted acting as a mole for the US embassy during negotiations to form a government.
 South Korea to bomb the bejesus out of North Korea if they attack again.  Live Q&A with Julian Assange (1300GMT) WikiLeaks France adds to US pressure to ban website  French companies are banned from hosting websites that have been deemed criminal and violate the confidentiality of diplomatic relations. Wikileaks.org no longer exists. Domain now hosted in Switzerland as wikileaks.ch A leading Chinese academic said the North's attack was a misjudgment for which it would pay a high price. 'The immediate cost might be military strike..the longerterm cost might be largescale war, resulting in the disappearance of North Korea as a country,' Renmin University's Pang Zhongying said Spain has closed almost its entire airspace after air traffic controllers called in sick en masse. Breaking  Amazon defies western democracies. Lebanese Newspaper Publishes U.S. Cables Not Found on WikiLeaks You wont destroy us. You won't destroy our democracy. We are a small but proud nation. No one will bomb us to silence.  Norwegian PM Deadly famine in Horn of Africa. NBC is making this a top news priority, kudos to them for getting the word out.  At least 80 killed at Norway youth conference  China bullet train derails; coaches fall off bridge Phone hacking was rife under Piers Morgan when he was editor of a UK tabloid claims ex reporter.  Canada deported Chinas most wanted man on Friday after dismissing his arguments that he could be tortured or executed if he was returned home. Norway police now saying 'Eighty killed' in island shooting 10 year old boy to Utya shooter You've killed my dad. Leave us alone. Norwegian spree killer has EDL links Palestinian president says Israel's refusal to halt settlement building has forced his people to seek recognition at UN Man killed in Iran shooting was student, not nuclear scientist A mixup over names apparently led to initial reports that the man slain in Tehran was a scientist involved in the country's nuclear program. Norwegian mass murderer shares his thoughts UK Female genital mutilation laws to be toughened against families SlutWalk, a protest against a Canadian police officer who advised women to avoid dressing like sluts to avoid rape, changed in India even if we are covered head to toe in a sari or a burqa, we get molested and raped This Is Iraq  
Photo essay from Iraq, framed around work of the Red Cross. Shows decrepit nature of basic infrastructure, struggles of those maimed or widowed. Not always comfortable viewing. Some very wellconceived shots Libya rebels claim strike on regime officials Rebels say rare RPG attack hit meeting in Tripoli attended by Gaddafi's son, intelligence chief and prime minister. At least 80 people killed in Utya massacre outside Oslo, Norway Anders Behring Breivik (32) arrested after Utya shooting and explosions in Oslo (picture in article). 80 people now confirmed dead in Norway shooting, number expected to rise. Britain's phone hacking scandal for some, News of the World was not the only culprit First photos from Bullet Train crash in China Iran nuclear scientist assassinated Belgium bans full facial veils in public. Offenders can receive fines and up to a week in jail. British Scientists Have Secretly Created More Than 150 HumanAnimal Hybrids Taliban hang 8yearold boy in Afghanistan
 Huge explosion in downtown Oslo LulzSec claims to have 4GB of News International emails James Murdoch lied to parliament, according to former News International executives. A whole block just exploded in Oslo, Norway.  Initial reports say it is a terrorist attack. Posted last week, but buried beneath the bigger stories Why Does AlQaeda Have a Problem With Norway? BBC News  Norway Major blast near prime minister's office in Oslo Huge explosion i Norwegian capital, windows blown out in area surrounding government buildings East Africa's famine Millions of human beings are starving. Oslo, just a few minutes after the terror attack. The Bin Laden Vaccine Yes, vaccinations are a CIA plot Shooting at Norwegian Social Democratic Youth (AUF) summer camp James Murdoch Accused of Lying to Parliament More violence in Norway as a man, dressed as a police officer, has entered a AUF (youth) camp outside Oslo and started shooting.  Egypt's military rulers ban foreign election observers Egypt's ruling military council said foreigners won't be allowed to monitor Egyptian elections, scheduled for November. That has some local activists worried about the credibility of the vote.  Speaker of The House says UK parliament has rediscovered its balls over Murdoch hacking affiair The 'For Neville' email two words that could bring down Murdoch Large explosion in Oslo at Prime ministers office. Many people hurt. Greece defaults... selectively.  James Murdoch knew of phone hacking, former News executives say
 Al Shabaab kidnaps, interrogates new Somali minister for women within hours of her appointment being announced UN report claims North Korea and Iran are exchanging illicit missile technology, using China as a transit hub. Eleven killed during mass protests in Syria

 Indian Government Blocks Leading FileSharing Services  RapidShare, MegaUpload, MediaFile, HotFile and many more are blocked at ISP level
 Australia Forklift mishap destroys $1m of shiraz wine Explosion rocks Norwegian PM's office The Times of London (a News International paper) publishes most offensive cartoon yet in response to hacking scandal Ghana orders the arrest of ALL homosexuals in the western region of the country Wanted New Birth Control Choices for Men How Finland became an education leader Harvard professor Tony Wagner explains how the nation achieved extraordinary successes by deemphasizing testing Aussie police shut Greenpeace HQ, seize evidence. Brazil indicts 3 people for the murder of 2  environmental activists in the Amazon   The couple had been opposing the eviction of rural workers from land owned by a local farmer Canada's crime rate at lowest level in almost 
40 years Waterfalls flow upwards in extreme winds (southern Australia) Scotland Yard's Most Senior Officers Tried To Convince Guardian Not To Cover Murdoch Hacking Scandal Irish PM in unprecedented attack on Vatican Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny has launched an unprecedented attack on the Catholic Church in parliament.  Ghana Calls For Arrest of All Gays, Officials Warn Lynching Could Follow Police close Australia Greenpeace HQ after activists destroy genetically modified wheat crop Russian oligarch Lebedev (who already owns 4 UK newspapers), plans to buy News of the World and give it a ''slightly different spin''. 'NeoNazi pilgrimage' grave of Rudolf Hess destroyed Australia may seize Guantanamo prisoner's book cash Killing of infants on the rise in Pakistan Looks like the people of Malawi are the next group trying to overthrow their oppressive regime. 18 protesters killed today. James Murdoch contradicted by his legal manager
 News International dropped by Olympics partner 
after hacking scandal British phonehacking probe expands beyond Murdoch papers Critique of Cloud by Richard Stallman Internet users need to swim against the stream if they want to protect their privacy. BBC News  Chinese state oil firm buys Canadian oil sands producer NZ denies Israel spying charge Suspected Serbian War Criminal Goran Hadzic Captured.  Path to that nation's EU accession may now be open. While most Arab states sit on the fence, Qatar is standing up to Damascus over an attack on its embassy Rupert Murdoch's News International has been found by a parliamentary committee to have deliberately tried to block a Scotland Yard criminal investigation into phone hacking Suppressed Report Found Busted Pirate Site Users Were Good Consumers some pirate site users treat these services as a preview to buy more DVDs, visit the cinema more often and on average spend more than their honest counterparts at the box office BBC News  You're hired How the apprentice gets ahead in Germany. Germany may have an ultramodern economy but one of the pillars at the very centre of it is very traditional the idea that people learn a skill on the job. NZ quake may have revealed Israeli spy ring News Corp tabloid employees come forth with stories of Rebekah Brooks' reign. The Harry Potter correspondent had to wear a Potter costume to work and *officially change his name*. When he showed up in normal clothes on Sept. 11, 2011, he was chewed out and ordered to put on his full Potter regalia. In Egypt, Fighting For A $50AMonth Factory Job  Factory workers block road to protest over unpaid wages. The result? 'Run them over. The blood money for each one is 50 pounds ($8).' The engine revved, once, then a second time. On the third time, the truck lurched forward Iran says it shot down a US spy plane over nuclear site  UN declares famine in Somalia Irish PM Enda Kenny has strongly criticised the Vatican for what he said was an attempt to frustrate a government inquiry, accusing it of downplaying the rape of children to protect its power and reputation. Booming Cotton No Boon to African Farmers  The price has multiplied by three or four times, so at our level it should be multiplied three or four times as well, Kafando said. Instead, he said, the monopolies are getting fat, and we are the ones who are feeding them.  Murdochs Are Blocking Inquiries Egypt's military rulers refuse to allow international election monitors to observe upcoming parlimentary elections How An Australian Oligarch Is Using Dirty Tricks And Libertarian Lies To Fleece Aborigines Out Of Billions Great white shark jumps from sea into research boat off South Africa's Cape 
 At least one Israeli killed in New Zealand's Christchurch Earthquake may have been an Israeli Spy. Now SIS (the Security Intelligence Service) is investigating whether there were others. Pakistans military has spent millions in a covert effort to tilt American policy against Indias control of Kashmir, including funneling campaign donations. Saudi Arabian woman to be tried for driving during medical emergency David Cameron refuses to deny that he discussed the BSkyB bid with senior executives at News International since the election. Riots have broken out in Malawi's capital, Lilongwe, as opposition groups protest against President Bingu wa Mutharika's government. Uproar after prisoners hold toga party in Russian jail  Russia's prisons service has launched an inquiry after photos emerged of togaclad inmates holding a lavish party complete with caviar and fast food. 'Degrading treatment' in Lebanon's prisons
Inmates can wait years for a trial, facing torture and cruel treatment in overcrowded jails.  Greenpeace Twitter injunction backfires for Cairn Energy with hundreds of people around the world breaking the injunction on behalf of the environment group. Syrian forces 'surround Damascus suburb' Residents of Harasta say entrances blocked by elite forces as foreign minister gives warning to US and French diplomats.  Taliban mobile phones and website 'hacked' by U.S. intelligence  World Bank to hear Koch arbitration against 
Venezuela  UK Bans MakeUp Advertisements for being Misleading If you devote your life to spewing antiIslamic hatred, you should not be surprised if someone comes along and kills in the name of that hatred. In fact, you should expect it. Anonymous launches operation to turn Breivik into a joke If convicted, Anders Behring Breivik could be sent to this Norwegian prison, the most humane in the world A New Way to Fight Mexico's Vicious Cartels Legalizing Marijuana North Korea has forced 100,000 college students into construction labor without proper meals, even though there is no manpower shortage. Bravo UK! L'Oral's Julia Roberts and Christy Turlington ad campaigns banned for excessive airbrushing   Norways prime minister said extremist views are legitimate but violence is not.  Star Wars prop maker wins copyright battle with Lucas North Korea demands peace treaty with the US Buddhists arm themselves against Thailand's Islamic insurgency UN recognises global body for homosexuals Gays and lesbians granted consultative status at world body amid opposition from African and Islamic countries Main Lesson From The Murdoch Scandal? Corporate conglomerate power run unregulated causes great public harm and lacks the checks and balances required for there to be any accountability. Japanese police practice arresting protesters to prepare for towns upcoming dolphin hunts ExBerlusconi minister defends Anders Behring Breivik.  Northern League member says Norwegian killer's ideas are in defence of western civilisation A 19yearold man has been arrested in the Shetland Islands as part of an investigation into hacking groups, Anonymous and LulzSec. UKMurdoch given secret defence briefings had meetings with gov. ministers in current cabinet over 60 times. Ally of Berlusconi says Norway killer had 'some excellent ideas' Piers Morgan Admits Dodgy Journalistic Practices in 2009 BBC Interview. Chinese police have quelled a mass riot sparked by rumours that a disabled fruit seller had been beaten to death by local officials. Lawrence Summers On The Euro Crisis  
There is no politician who will ignore the laws of physics when building a bridge. But there is a tendency in politics in every country to suppose that the laws of economics are flexible and can be adjusted to political necessity Japan angry Fukushima citizens confront government (video) Islamophobes attempt distance themselves from Oslo perpetrator Britain Recognizes Libyan Rebels, Expels Gadhafi  Envoys Anders Breiviks embrace of Israel is the latest sign of a shift among reactionaries in Europewith fascism and Zionism going hand in hand, fueled by Islamophobia, says Michelle Goldberg.  Internet users have a reasonable expectation of anonymity that the courts must protect ruling by a Canadian Superior Court judge A German tourist is being hailed as a hero for rescuing at least 20 teens from gunman's rampage on Utoya island Glenn Beck compares Norway's dead teenagers to Hitler youth Glenn Beck, the leading Rightwing American broadcaster, has prompted outrage after comparing the teenage victims of the Utoya Island massacre to the Hitler Youth. Today I'm proud to be Norwegian Youth parties 
see surge in recruitment following the terrorist 
attack on the Labour youth party Israel has erupted in protest  yes, you read that right Israel joins Egypt, Syria and many others in an increasingly global struggle for social justice Glenn Beck slammed by the Norwegian government for onair comments he made comparing the teenage victims to the Hitler Youth
 BP reports quarterly profit of $5.3BILLION! 150,000 people are gathered in Oslo right now, to honor the victims of the terrorist attack. Tonight, the streets are filled with love, the CrownPrince opened his speech. For five years to 2008, the Fukushima plant was rated the most hazardous nuclear facility in Japan for worker exposure to radiation and one of the five worst nuclear plants in the world on that basis. Who pollutes The rich or the poor?
India's prime minister is allowing India's environment to be destroyed in order to cater to powerful foreign investors. Rupert Murdoch's Media Empire Has Made the World Worse in a Dozen Ways Access to Amnesty Internationals website has been blocked in Saudi Arabia following the organizations criticism of a draft antiterror law that would stifle peaceful protest in the kingdom Former DEA and CIA Operatives Los Zetas May Attempt to Overthrow Mexican Government in 2012 (Using U.S. Government Weapons)  China's propaganda instructions for the high speed rail crash Vatican's ambassador to Ireland has been recalled to Rome in protest over Ireland's scathing report on church's poor handling of child abuse by priests Neglecting The Lithuanian Holocaust  
Holocaust memorial defaced with the words Hitler was right. Nobody seems to have noticed or cared much. Tells you plenty about Lithuania's indifference to its Holocaust history. Outrage is reserved for victims of Soviet occupation British Blogger Says He Has Recording That Proves Piers Morgan Knew About PhoneHacking Gulf oil spill victims weary of wait for payouts  In other news, BP may be broken up and sold for $100 billion The former Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) Lord Macdonald was warned by his own employees as far back as 2006 that hacking was rife at Murdoch paper  has since been hired by the newspaper's owner, Rupert Murdoch Norway Police ponder new Anders Behring Breivik charge  Norwegian police are considering charging the man who admitted killing 76 people in Friday's attacks with crimes against humanity, prosecutor Christian Hatlo has said. Hamas hangs 2 convicted of spying for Israel
Father and son convicted of helping Israel target Hamas leader executed in Gaza Anders Behring Breivik appears insane, says his lawyer The victims of the Oslo bombing and Utya massacre. Updated as more names are released. China has ordered a 2month nationwide safety review of its railways amid public anger at a deadly crash between 2 bullet trains Plane crash kills 78 in Morocco  CNN