 Mexican missing student activist who led search parties after the disappearance of 43 students is killed. China, Russia and the U.S. are developing and testing controversial new capabilities to wage war in space despite their denial of such work Zimbabwe lifts ban on lion hunts South Korea on Monday accused North Korea of planting landmines that maimed two soldiers on border patrol, sending military tensions on the Korean peninsula soaring as it threatened to make Pyongyang pay a harsh price Scientists discover cannabis in tobacco pipes excavated from William Shakespeares garden  Scientists from South Africa have excavated 400yearold tobacco pipes from Shakespeares garden and found them to contain cannabis residue. TPP Almost Ready but Stalled in Hawaii, Leaks Tell us More Dutch survivor of Japanese concentration camp calls for recognition of history Scotland bans GMO (genetically modified) crops to protect the nation's 'clean, green' brand Germany, which has taken a tough line on Greece, has profited from the country's crisis to the tune of 100 billion euros, according to a new study Monday. The sum represents money Germany saved through lower interest payments on funds the government borrowed amid investor flights to safety Disney apologizes for 'congratulations' tweet on Nagasaki anniversary Jaffa luxury apartment complex is 'for Jews only' Cuban internet delivered weekly by hand  Cubans are getting round lack internet access by delivery of content by hand. It consists of a terabyte of data with latest music, Hollywood movies, TV series, mobile phone apps, magazines & classifieds like Craigslist. Attackers open fire on U.S. consulate in Istanbul CNN Turk British Library asks for help deciphering a medieval sword Man gored to death filming Spanish bull run on his mobile Stephen Harper vows to make it illegal for Canadians to travel to terrorist hotspots NASA crew to eat spacegrown veggies for the first time Germany drops treason inquiry into Netzpolitik journalists China Just Declared War on Amateur Sex Videos A third of medals awarded in the Olympic Games and world championships between 2001 and 2012 were won by athletes who recorded suspicious doping tests A firing squad of the Islamic State terrorist group on Saturday executed at least 300 civil servants who worked for the Iraqi Supreme Electoral Commission at a military camp in Iraqi city of Mosul. Israeli extremist leader Benzi Gopstein calls on Jewish students to burn down churches Indian govt shortlists 1500 yoga asanas to prevent them being patented abroad China to build highway for Liberia as part of Ebola recovery aid After murders, Bangladesh police blames bloggers, asks them not to 'cross limit' GPS Trackers In Fake Elephant Tusks Reveal Ivory Smuggling Route Explosion rocks central Bangkok From 1 October 2015 it will be illegal to smoke in a car (or other vehicles) with anyone under 18 present in UK. Bulls kill seven at Spain summer festivals New pictures reveal scale of devastation caused by Tianjin explosion  officials warn rain could turn 100 tons of sodium cyanide into toxic gas After Germany, US declares it is pulling missiles out of Turkey Bloggers ridicule Chinese film placing Mao Zedong at key wartime conference with Churchill and Roosevelt in 1943 North Korea promises retaliation with tremendous muscle as a Western military operation in South Korea begins. Australian laws forbidding people working in the country's detention centres from speaking out about what they see have raised grave concerns in the medical community AntiGovernment Protests Sweep Brazil Jewish Schindler rescues Iraqi girls from slavery | Toronto Star Isis crucifies headless corpses and burns down hospital as battle for Sirte rages on India's Mars orbiter sends stunning canyon photo Topics such as acid rain, evolution and global warming are at risk of information sabotage on the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia, a study has found. Authors said topics considered controversial are at greater risk of vandalism and other shenanigans to the detriment of scientific accuracy. China Shutters 50 Websites for 'Inciting Panic' Over Tianjin Disaster South Korea, US begin military drill despite North Korea threats The UK is trying a new road surface that charges your electric car as you drive. Olympics chief vows to swim in Rio's 'sewageriddled' waters after venue blasted over hygiene concerns Unemployed young people will be sent to work boot camp, says minister. Matt Hancock says plan for jobseekers between 18 and 21 to be placed on intensive activity programme is not a form of punishment Japan Evacuation warning as Sakurajima Volcano near nuclear reactor ready to erupt Seagulls Have a Gruesome New Way of Attacking Baby Seals  Kelp gulls are eating the eyeballs from newborn Cape fur sealsa behavior never before seen in nature, a new study says. U.S. military cancels hearing for September 11 suspects Australian lawmaker introduces legislation that would legalize samesex marriage Police Raids On Islamic State Supporters in Europe After Secret Land Purchases 'HamasIsrael deal imminent,' to the dismay of Palestinian factions Coca Cola gave $1.5 million to scientists who say soft drinks dont cause obesity Government to ban unvaccinated preschoolers from childcare, kindergarten (Victoria, Australia) BBC News Indonesian plane missing over Papua North Korea threatens war if the United States continues with its scheduled military exercises this Monday. AT&T Helped N.S.A. Spy on an Array of Internet Traffic China silences netizens critical of disgraceful blast coverage More explosions rock the Chinese port city of Tianjin Fidel Castro Admits Turning to U.S. For Financial Help in the 1980s Volcano alerts issued in Ecuador, Japan.  Japan's meteorological agency issued a level 4 emergency warning, which urges residents to prepare to evacuate.  Russia's newest T90A tanks spotted in Ukraine's Luhansk region (photos) A rare space weather phenomena caught on camera Gigantic jets outbursts on top of the Hurricane Hilda Athletics' governing body suppressed a study which showed as many as a third of the world's top athletes admitted violating antidoping rules, according to the Sunday Times. Thousands March Against TPPA in Christchurch, New Zealand Booming Wind and Solar Power Has Slashed Europes CO2 Emissions Canadian/Gaza doctor invents stethoscope which is 'Better than world's best' but costs only 30 cents Pakistan's Punjab home minister assassinated in suicide attack China says US summit next month should not focus on human rights Russian Publisher Rewrites Books on Putin Without Western Authors Consent German army to withdraw Patriot missiles from Turkey border Germany has announced plans to withdraw its border protection mission in Turkey. Reports suggest the move is because of high staff and material costs, not a political reaction to Turkey's attacks on Kurds Rhino mutilated by poachers treated with elephant skin in South Africa Ecuador declares state of emergency over Cotopaxi volcano activity NeoNazi protest in Liverpool UK cancelled after antifascist counterprotest. Six arrests made. Food production shocks 'will happen more often because of extreme weather' Poorer countries will be hit most by falls in production for major crops but UK and and US will also be exposed to resulting instability The death toll from massive explosions in China's port city of Tianjin has risen to 112 and 95 people are missing, the official Xinhua news agency said on Sunday US to withdraw its Patriot missile system, deployed near Turkey's border with Syria, when its mandate expires in October. Decision comes a day after Germany said it would pull Patriot missles & troops when the mandate for their airdefense mission ends next year Legal scholars warn against 10 year prison for online pirates  The proposed extension is disproportionate, ineffective and puts casual filesharers at risk of long jail sentences, they argue. The European Commission is making the secret Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) trade deal even more secret, introducing a new rule that means politicians can only view the text in a secure 'reading room' in Brussels. South Korea's president pardons 6,500 criminals including CEOs convicted of embezzlement because of their contributions to the national economy ISIS Leader Abu Bakr AlBaghdadi Sexually Abused American Hostage Kayla Mueller, Officials Say Thousands march against TPPA in rallies around New Zealand Fireman pulled alive from China blast zone Norways government wants to dump 1,200 tons of radioactive waste on an island an hour south of Oslo, even though the waste company which owns the site believed it is too dangerous. World Bank rejects energy industry notion that coal can cure poverty New explosions and fire in Tianjin send smoke into the sky Netanyahu appoints Danny Danon who opposes a Palestinian state and says that the Palestinian people don't exist as U.N. ambassador. AntiNazi couple's barn burned down in eastern Germany North Korea on Saturday threatened South Korea with indiscriminate military strikes unless it halts crossborder propaganda broadcasts, and issued fresh nuclear weapons warnings against the United States. Were predicting that this El Nio could be among the strongest El Nios in the historical record dating back to 1950, Mike Halpert, the deputy director of the Climate Prediction Center, part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, said during a press teleconference. Mass evacuations underway in Tianjin as fires reignite, causing further blasts Oscar Pistorius being released after only 10 months in jail 142MillionYearOld Dino Footprints Found in Germany Company in Canada gets U.S. patent for space elevator Bin Laden Osama's son Hamza 'issues alQaeda message'. In the message, shared by alQaeda supporters on Twitter, Hamza Bin Laden urges attacks on the US and its allies. North Korea has threatened to attack South Korean loudspeakers that are broadcasting antiPyongyang propaganda messages across their shared border. Japan raises warning level on volcano not far from nuclear plant Horrific moment two gay men are thrown off tall building by ISIS then stoned by baying mob including children China Evacuates Tianjin Blast Site As Sodium Cyanide Found Kayla Mueller US hostage 'refused chance to escape from Isis to save Yazidi girls' Vets use bandage made of elephant skin to treat rhino mutilated by poachers who hacked off its horn Russia is ready to send S300 longrange, surfacetoair missile systems to Iran and is working to have the sanctions against Tehran removed as soon as possible. CNN & CBC Sued For Pirating 31 Second YouTube Video  In addition to claims of copyright infringement, the media giants face allegations that they breached the anticircumvention measures of the DMCA. Ireland Refuses to Extradite Man to US Because Prison System is Too Inhumane American flag raised in Havana for first time in 54 years Humans definitely killed off mammoths, giant armadillo, sabretooth tiger, scientists claim  New research settles argument about whether whether humans or climate change was responsible for the end of megafauna, it is claimed, and debunks the myth of early humans living in harmony with nature Facebook cancelled a student's internship after he highlighted a massive privacy issue Australias federal court rejects US studios claims for piracy damages, saying it may invoice downloaders for the cost of a legitimate copy only John Kerry I write emails assuming that Russia and China are 'very likely' reading them US warns citizens not to attend Auckland TPP rally 25,000 Farmers Seek Presidents Permission To Hang Themselves On Independence Day (Aug 15) Reports ISIL used mustard gas against Kurds Gene therapy cures blindness by replacing vision cells in eyes. Jimmy Carter Zero chance for IsraeliPalestinian twostate solution  Netanyahu decided 'early on to adopt a onestate solution, but without giving the Palestinians equal rights,' Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov mutters fucking morons as Saudi counterpart talks during press conference Air pollution in China is killing 4,000 people every day, a new study finds Sea creature called Flying Spaghetti Monster found beneath ocean. Palestinian rights group sues PA over prison torture Plaintiff says he was detained and beaten for five days after criticizing local government on social media Marines who removed flag from U.S. embassy in Cuba return 54 years later to raise it again PM Japan can't keep apologizing Tianjin explosions so huge they were visible from space China silences netizens critical of disgraceful blast coverage. Posts suggesting that authorities restricted international media reporting on the incident removed. Fidel Castro to US you owe us millions Team from International Atomic Energy Agency has been sent to scene of blast in China Calais mayor threats to open France's borders and allow thousands of migrants into Britain The United States believes Islamic State militants likely used mustard agent in an attack on Kurdish forces in Iraq earlier this week, the first indication the militant group has obtained a banned chemical weapon, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday. Alevel results 2015 UK exam board OCR admits it 'estimates' hundreds of pupils' grades after papers 'go missing' Paris shooting survivor suing French media for giving away his location while he hid from shooters Vaping is 95% safer than smoking and could lead to the demise of the traditional cigarette, Public Health England (PHE) has said in the first official recognition that ecigarettes are less damaging to health than smoking tobacco. TIANJIN, China  The son of a former police chief is one of two silent owners of the warehouse in Tianjin where explosions killed at least 114 people, and used his connections to help obtain licenses despite the hazmat facility violating safety rules, Chinese state media reported Wednesday. Beheaded Syrian scholar refused to lead Isis to hidden Palmyra antiquities TPP protest draws thousands English children among the unhappiest in the world at school due to bullying Spanish police are looking to fine a woman who photographed officers parking in a disabled spot under a controversial new gag law. New public security laws allow for fines for a number of offences, including unauthorised protests and photographing police without permission An almost fullyformed human brain has been grown in a lab for the first time, claim scientists from Ohio State University. The team behind the feat hope the brain could transform our understanding of neurological disease. Isis beheads elderly chief of antiquities in ancient Syrian city, official says First rainfall since Tianjin explosion leaves city covered in mysterious white foam Russia jails Estonia border guard Kohver for 15 years Major publisher retracts 64 scientific papers in fake peer review outbreak 20 millionyearold salamander discovered trapped and intact in amber in Dominican Republic Australia has denied environmental approval to just 18 projects since 2000  Fundamentally, the laws arent set up to protect the environment, they are set up to facilitate development. Qatar postpones promised labor reforms The World Cup 2022 host has been under pressure to ensure migrant workers are paid on time. But trumpeted reforms due to go into force this week have been pushed back until November 2 Hackers finally post stolen Ashley Madison data Twin Typhoons to reach super status by Thursday marching towards S.E. Asia Gun Shots Heard in Istanbul Tourist Site Thai Police release sketch of Bangkok bombing suspect, offer 1 million baht reward for info 1,000 sq miles of England to be opened up for fracking  Large areas of Yorkshire, northwest and east Midlands earmarked for oil and gas exploration as government announces it will offer licences for 27 new sites A Thai motorbike taxi driver who believes he picked up the chief suspect in the bombing of Bangkok's Erawan Shrine shortly after the blast said the man appeared calm and spoke an unfamiliar language on his cellphone. Muslim Clerics Call for a Phaseout of Fossil Fuels. Islamic leaders from 20 nations called for the phaseout of greenhousegas emissions from burning fossil fuels and for 100 percent of energy to come from renewables Jewish groups protest as Spain festival drops US singer House of cash Police find $31m inside home of municipal engineer in West Bengal, India Isis lost more than 7,000 fighters in past year, says Australian defence chief Afghan military interpreter who served with British forces in Afghanistan and was denied refuge in Britain has been executed Bangkok bombing Backpack man officially confirmed as suspect (VIDEO) Another bombing attempt in Bangkok, no injuries China is trying and failing to censor citizens who want answers over the Tianjin explosion Mapping the invisible scourge  Breathing Beijing's Air Is the Equivalent of Smoking Almost 40 Cigarettes a Day Amazon 'regime' making British staff physically and mentally ill, says union Russia To Introduce Obligatory Fingerprinting For European Tourists Chief executives earn '183 times more than workers' Saudi Arabia sees first female voter registrations Norways Health Minister Blasts U.S. Chamber of Commerce Lobbying for Big Tobacco Humans of New York (HONY) helps raise 1.2 million dollars to end bonded labour in Pakistan Scientists find evidence of prehistoric massacre in Europe  What is particularly interesting is the level of violence. Not just suppression of a rival communityif that is what it wasbut the egregious & systematic breaking of the lower legs. This culture likely turned on each other. Germany may receive up to 750,000 asylum seekers this year paper United Nations demands NSA respect its privacy amid AT&T spying report Shell gets final permit for Arctic oil drilling Melbourne named world's most liveable city, for fifth year running India's Cochin International Airport becomes the first in the world to run fully on solar power Firefighters' use of water on volatile chemicals fueled Tianjin explosions that killed at least 114 people The Race to Save the Vaquita, the Worlds Most Endangered Marine Mammal  There are 50100 left. They're found only in Mexico. The vaquita will be extinct, possibly by 2018, if fishery bycatch is not eliminated immediately. Bangladesh says Briton arrested over murders of secular bloggers  Security forces claim a UK citizen of Bangladeshi origin, Touhidur Rahman, was main planner of fatal attacks on Avijit Roy and Ananta Bijoy Das Tianjin explosions warehouse 'handled toxic chemicals without licence'  reports After Palestinian asks for water and stabs Israeli soldier, Israeli envoy asks UN Chief to condemn terror attacks DNAtesting dog poo Spanish city on the scent of owners who don't pick up  Tarragona has threatened to use a DNA database of registered dogs to match droppings found on the street to dog owners. Cuba put its civil defense system on alert on Monday due to a yearlong drought that is forecast to worsen in the coming months and has already damaged agriculture and left more than a million people relying on truckedin water. Pentagon Plans to Increase Drone Flights by 50 Percent b'URGENT New Video MANY students shot & killed by Basiji gun fire in Iran' Iranian authorities scramble to negate Neda Soltan 'martyrdom' tell family to take down mourning posters, ban a public funeral or wake, stop gatherings in her name and media not to mention her death b'Iran Had a Democracy Before We Took It Away' b'Police Medic [pic]' A commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards has been arrested for refusing to use force on protesters and defying Khamenei's orders b'Girl with 56 stars tattooed on face admits lying  Update ' General Ali Fazli, commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards, has been arrested for refusing to obey Iran's Supreme Leader b'A US drone strike killed least 45 people, that were   attending a funeral for others killed in a US drone  strike earlier on Tuesday.' b'Meanwhile in China Tens of thousands fight the police.  200+ injured.' b'Four Iranian players hit with lifetime ban for wearing green wristbands' b'All the fudge that allowed a modern society to coexist with a theocracy inspired by an imam occulted in the 9th century has been swept away, leaving two Irans at war.' Iranian security forbids Neda's family from putting up traditional black mourning banners on their home and forbids memorial service. b'Do as we say not as we do U.S. troops opened fire at former Iraqi soldiers demonstrating to demand back wages outside the American headquarters in Baghdad Wednesday, killing two protesters during a chaotic, rockthrowing melee.' b'Iran Rafsanjani Poised to Outlflan Supreme Leader Khamenei' b'Canadian Firms Sued For Investing in Israeli Settlements' Iranian Regime Now Claiming Neda's Death Was Staged. Israel stunned by Obama's tough love  no longer more equal than others b'[Unconfirmed] [Need Translation] The Smoking Gun in Iran?  Video shows Ahmadi admitting to the rigged election?  ' b'The Truth RundownHighranking defectors provide an unprecedented inside look at the nChurch of Scientology and its leader, David Miscavige. ' b'The Peruvian Amazon Explodes, But Is Anyone Watching?' b'Man digs 50ft hole to fish  in his kitchen' b'Iran says courts will teach protesters a lesson' b'U.S. Missile Strike Kills at Least 60 in Pakistan ' b'[Pics & Vids] Iranian police smash property & blame it on protesters' b'Top Clerics in Iran Considering Removing Khamenei and Ahmadinejad' Child beauty contests have been banned in France to stop hypersexualisation of young girls. Two years in prison for anyone who tries to organise a pageant. Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff cancels october state dinner in US over NSA spying and plans speech on the United Nations to emphasize the need to maintain the neutrality of the internet and the prohibition of using it for espionage U.S. to seize Manhattan skyscraper secretly owned by Iran 13yearold Indian girl begins microbiology master's degree NYT editor on story about NSA giving all its data on Americans to Israel I didnt think it was a significant or surprising story An Indian minister jumps into a cold lake along with his guards and saves a family of six trapped in a sinking car French citizen arrested in Cairo just for breaking the curfew is then beaten to death by his cell mates David Attenborough Sending food to famineridden countries is 'barmy'. Veteran broadcaster has called for a debate on population control Daddy's Girl How An African 'Princess' Banked $3 Billion In A Country Whose Citizens Are Living On $2 A Day Half The World's Richest Women Are Chinese European Parliamentarians Call for SWIFT Suspension Revelations the US is spying on international bank transfers has angered European parliamentarians. Some are calling for the suspension of the SWIFT deal between the EU and US. 'Washington must make clear where it stands,' says one. Facebook apologizes for dating site ad with photo of Rehtaeh Parsons with meet Canadian girls and women for dating, friendship and relationships. Parsons killed herself after being sexually assaulted then subsequently bullied on Facebook. A German neonazi party has sparked outrage by sending mock oneway airline tickets to politicians with migrant roots, urging them to go home Brazilian Press Assoc gives Intl Human Rights Prize to Assange, Snowden, Manning, Glenn Greenwald, Swartz & Vanunu Passenger train collides with bus in Canada's capital Ottawa, at least five people killed N. Korea in grip of 'ice' plague new report claims drug producers are finding a ready market closer to home and that as many as twothirds of North Koreans have used methamphetamines 22 Tons of Fake Beef Seized in China 400 Richest Americans Worth More Than GDP of Canada or Mexico US can access NZ fingerprint info. in new deal. Since 199091, Australians have enjoyed the longest period of economic expansion unbroken by recession of any developed country ever. That expansion may be coming to an end. King WillemAlexander delivered a message to the Dutch people from the government Tuesday in a nationally televised address the welfare state of the 20th century is gone. In its place a participation society is emerging, in which people must take responsibility for their own future. Soldiers are developing relationships with their battlefield robots, naming them, assigning genders, and even holding funerals when they are destroyed. 14yearold rape victim commits suicide in India after being pressured to marry her alleged rapist Defense Analyst Report AlQaedaType, Jihadists Make Up Half of Syrian Rebels Two guard dogs that protected Prince William on RAF duty are destroyed days after he quits service because they could not be redeployed or rehomed Pope Francis says Catholic Church too obsessed with abortion, gay marriage and contraception. Australia's new Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, has just dissolved the Climate Commission, as part of his stance about climate change being being a false idea Syria just became a threeway war Islamist rebels attack nonIslamist rebels Pope Francis says the church should be home for all and not a small chapel focused on doctrine, orthodoxy and a limited agenda of moral teachings. Amazing scenes across Greece and in Athens. A large anarchist/antifascist block of 30004000 people is heading towards Golden Dawns offices in Nikaia. Golden Dawns offices are being smashed. People are chanting the blood is running, it seeks revenge. Hiroshi Yamauchi, former Nintendo president who transformed a small playing cards company into a global video game giant, has died at 85. Turkish government hiring 6,000 young Twitter users to post propaganda Greece moves to ban farright Golden Dawn party Canadian Scientists push campaign for evidencebased decision making from government Evangelist Pat Robertson Exploited PostGenocide Rwandans For Diamonds Netflix exec Canadas broadband caps almost a human rights violation It's just harmless fun, says terrifying clown who has been stalking an English town for a week In the Netherlands today, local ISPs are arguing that not only is DNS and IP address blocking both disproportionate and ineffective, but denies subscribers free access to information and runs counter to an EU ruling against filtering the Internet Developer Destruction of PreInca Pyramid Goes Unpunished  I was desperate & climbed the hill to tell the watchman to call the police. When it happened, I felt a deep pain, as this is part of my country, they are destroying my identity, my culture & this is an act of treason against our nation. Tens of millions of elderly Chinese are being left behind by the countrys transformation, suffering poverty, illness and depression. It has become such a serious problem that the Chinese government put into effect a law allowing parents to sue their children if they failed to visit and support them Tepco successfully lobbied against a proposed ground water barrier wall two months after Fukushima because the cost could have stirred speculation it would be driven into bankruptcy. Rhino poaching kingpin arrested in South Africa Pope Francis Church can't interfere with gays Mugabe wants rapists castrated, says that which makes him rape, must go Brazil looks to break from U.S.centric Internet Europe is Wiping Out its Seabass Population, Thanks in Part to Trendy Chefs  Posh diners are swallowing up yet another species from the ocean. The population of the once populous fish has plummeted 32% since 2009 & has hit a 20yr low. Sir David Attenborough If we do not control population, the natural world will British scientists claim to have found proof of alien life Go and live in the forest! Turkish PM tells environmental activists Iran's president Rouhani We will never develop nuclear weapons  has full authority to make a deal with the West on the disputed atomic program. Vladamir Putin's OpEd in the New York Times on America and Syria Vodafone Germany has been hacked. Banking data of 2 million customers stolen. God's mercy has no limits Pope Francis tells atheists to abide by their own consciences Tesla Model S is now Norway's most sold car. Assad confirms chemical weapons handover NSA shares raw intelligence including Americans' data with Israel | World news CIA begins weapons delivery to Syrian rebels Syrian Rebels Slit Throat of Christian Man Who Refused To Convert To Islam, Taunt Fiance, Jesus Didnt Come To Save Him '9/11 was an inside job' says Italian member of parliament on floor of house. Syria Expert Cited by Kerry, McCain Fired for Lying about Academic Credentials Anonymous Hacker flees to Canada, says he's being set up with child porn charges. Mayhem as MP fires AK47 at colleague in Jordans parliament The Syria researcher whose Wall Street Journal oppiece was cited by John Kerry and John McCain during congressional hearings about the use of force in Syria has been fired from the Institute for the Study of War for lying about her resume. American holed up in Canada denies child porn charges, claims to be founding member of Anonymous Strain of HIV virus found in monkeys is cleared by vaccine  Vaccine could be used on humans in clinical trials within 2 yrs Genetically Modified Insects Scientists plan to launch thousands of GM insects into fields as alternative to using chemicals A million and a half people form a 400 km long human chain in Catalonia supporting independence from Spain Syria will send documents to UN to sign chemical arms accord  Assad Companies found guilty of rigging market benchmarks like Libor could be fined the equivalent of 15 percent of their turnover under a European Union law approved on Tuesday. New Australian government is removing environmental programs even if they make a profit. Iran says it will cooperate with U.N. nuclear watchdog 20 yr old man found living in forest for 16 yrs Muslim girl must go to swimming lessons  German court Catalans form 400km human chain to ask for independence Pope Francis wants to drive. Italian priest gives him '84 Renault with a stick shift Malawi will use $15m from the sale of the country's presidential jet to feed the poor and grow crops to fight malnutrition Indian court sentenced four men to death for gang raping and murdering a student in the capital Delhi Baby elephant in China rejected by mom wept inconsolably I hope Putin has taken adequate protections. Now that he is a Russian journalist his life may be in grave danger!  Garry Kasparov Fukushima not under control, says TEPCO official US consulate attacked by Taliban The Honduran govt has granted more than 7% of its territory to the indigenous Miskito communities who live on the land, an initiative intended to help them protect their forests. It represents an acknowledgment of the rights of the most neglected citizens in one of the hemispheres poorest countries Assad Israel should be first to disarm Russia warns of 'catastrophe' if N.Korea restarts reactor Steam seen at Fukushima nuclear reactor  Vapour has begun rising again from a reactor at the Fukushima nuclear power plant, more than twoandahalf years after its core melted down Al Qaeda calls for attacks inside United States Pope Francis, then Jorge Bergoglio, ran secret network to save dissidents, while a militarybacked dictatorship in Argentina was conducting a clandestine war Syria Massacre? Nusra Front Fighters Reportedly Kill Women, Children, Elderly Men In Alawite Village (xpost) Nine men accused of a range of sexual offences against a teenage girl have walked free from court after the cases against them were dropped because of Twitter evidence The war in Syria has reached the point where a person can be mercilessly killed in front of hundreds of peoplewho enjoy the spectacle. Russia to expand Mediterranean fleet to 10 warships  Navy chief Ugandan girl serves sixhour jail term for killing rapist father British Banks Going Consumer Friendly1 thing that keeps people from switching banks is that it's a pain. Starting Monday, customers can switch banks within 7 business days. Banks must handle moving accounts & make sure automatic bill payments & transfers are shifted to customer's new bank. Spacemen 'flew blind' from space station as sensors failed  The three crew of the International Space Station (ISS) who returned to Earth this week endured a hairraising descent after their height sensors failed. UK statistics show 56,257 people were detained under counterterrorism powers at Britain's ports and airports in one year A South Korean man who was abducted by North Korea 41 years ago has managed to return home, officials in Seoul say. Ireland and other countries that colluded with the kidnapping and torture of terror suspects by the CIA must investigate and atone for their actions, the Council of Europes human rights chief has said. [repost r/IrishNews] More than 250 people are arrested in Chile after protesters marking the 40th anniversary of the 1973 military coup clash with police. Jordanian MP fires AK47 at colleague in parliament Assad We'll give up chemical weapons once U.S. stops arming rebels  Middle East Israel News Syria accepts Russian chemical weapons proposal Government scientist leaks photos of bitumen oil spill in Alberta lake. A million litres of bitumen have so far leaked into the surrounding environment, with 2,400 litres seeping in every day. The Pakistani women who risk death every day to vaccinate children against polio; 'I continued after my niece was shot. We all die one day, so why not as a brave person?' According to leaked diplomatic correspondence, Iran has been warning Washington since July 2012 that Sunni rebel fighters have acquired chemical weapons, and called on the US to send an immediate and serious warning to rebel groups not to use them. People in Wales will be presumed to have agreed for their organs to be donated after death from December 2015. Syria welcomes Russian chemical arms arsenal proposal Netherlands Close Prisons Due To Lack Of Criminals White House  Not U.S. Intelligence Agencies  Prepared Report about Syrian CW Attack on August 21 Police Officer GangRaped Escorting Dead Sister in India Egypt bans 55,000 mosque preachers in crackdown on Islamists Report CIA believes Israel acquired chemical weapons decades ago Romanian gold rush cancelled as protesters defeat Europe's biggest mine Indian court convicts 4 men in fatal gang rape of woman on New Delhi bus. The men, convicted on all the counts against them, including rape and murder, now face the possibility of hanging Iraq closes airport in second largest city, no explanation Man found after 4 months 'lost' living in a cave in Andes mountains was evading police warrant for child molestation. Speaker Of Syrian Parliament Urges Boehner To Help Prevent U.S. Military Strike Centreright wins Norway election In a rapid and remarkable chain of events, Syria welcomed the idea of turning over all of its chemical weapons for destruction on Monday, Mexico, beset by obesity and diabetes, to consider a tax on soft drinks John Kerry tells Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov his comments about Syria averting a U.S. military strike by turning over its chemical weapons were rhetorical and not meant to be a proposal Syria welcomes Russia's proposal to hand over its chemical weapons A 500YrOld Bank in Italy is Teetering & Threatens to Take the Rest of the Countrys Financial System with it  Compared to the wreckage in Cyprus, Ireland, Portugal & Spain, Italian lenders have gotten off relatively lightly. Until now. 22yearold protester dies in Turkey protests Syrian Parliament Letter To The US Congress International experts have strong proof images of chemical victims fabricated  Russian Foreign Ministry reports. Woah  enough water found underground in Kenya to supply whole country for 70 years. Big implications for East Africa Snowden Nominated for Freedom of Thought Prize Members of the European Parliament are officially nominating fugitive US leaker Edward Snowden for a prize celebrating freedom of thought, a parliamentary representative said Wednesday. A brutal rape case has pushed the citizens of India past the point of blissflul ignorance to outrage Thanks to a combination of wind, solar, and nuclear power, Germany is producing so much energy that generating companies need to pay customers to take their surplus power. NASA will begin producing its own food in orbit for the first time ever  The lettuce will be grown under brightpink LED lights, ready to harvest after just 28 days. Body doubles in China Rich pay poor to serve prison sentences 89% Pakistanis say suicide bombing is never justified PEW report British parliament debating a bill that proposes mandatory service  charitable or miliitary  for 18to26yearolds. The food the world wastes accounts for more greenhouse gas emissions than any country except for China and the US. Every year about a third of all food for human consumption, around 1.3 billion tons, is wasted, along with all the energy, water and chemicals needed to produce it and dispose of it German support for small business has kept its economy thriving as the rest of Europe languishes in recession (xpost from r/economics) The Chinese education ministry tries to ban homework The ministrys proposed guidelines, would ban written homework for any child up to the age of 12, and ban exams for children up to the age of nine. North and South Korea have agreed to reopen the Kaesong joint industrial zone next week, officials in Seoul say. Confirmed Greenland reached hottest temperature in modern record this summer Spanish Catalonia to press independence bid with a 400 Km human chain Crude that exploded in Quebec train wreck was mislabelled in North DakotaCanadian transportation investigators have alerted U.S. regulators that the train of North Dakota crude that unleashed a deadly fireball in LacMgantic contained explosive oil that was improperly labelled Russia 'to renew offer to supply S300s to Iran' For six years, a Yahoo forum had been used to essentially traffic dozens of children adopted from across the world after their new parents grew tired of them. When Reuters uncovered the practice, Facebook neglected to shut down a similar group, claiming it is a method of problem solving. Syrian warplanes bomb rebel suburbs of Damascus for the first time in 3 weeks, in an offensive that opposition activists say shows Assad no longer fears attack by the US Once touted as an economic miracle, faltering India cannot provide jobs for millions of university graduates. Meanwhile, employers complain they don't have the skills anyway. Hello, Michele, its Pope Francis. The Pope is surprising the faithful by randomly calling those who write him letters. Muslim clerics issue fatwa banning photography as unIslamic Russia Says UN Resolution Proposal 'Unacceptable' Woman In Sudan Refuses To Wear Hijab, Faces Flogging Land of the Tomb Raiders Reallife vampires, giant rock vaginas, ancient sites to rival Greece & Rome  Bulgarias archaeologists are trying to stop the mafia stealing its treasures. Bulgaria is trying to claw back thousands of ancient artifacts plundered in 25mayr export racket. Australia Under New Management. Fundamentally, Abbott proposes to turn the clock back 30 years on environmental protection. Turkey shot down Syrian helicopter at border Kerry and McCains favorite Syria expert fired for faking credentials NSA possibly involved in major Belgian telecom hack Top North Korean officials daughter defects Israel has 80 nuclear warheads, can make 115 to 190 more, report says The NSA has been widely monitoring international banking and credit card transactions, a new report says referencing Edward Snowdens leak Rallies Across Canada Ask Canadians to Stand Up for Science A national nonpartisan group comprised largely of scientists, journalists and citizens is asking the govt to reverse what it sees as disconcerting trends in how science has been treated in Canada since Conservatives took power in 2006 Canadian scientists protest against government censorship  Rules bar government researchers from talking about their own work with journalists and even fellow researchers New Australian Prime Minister unveils new Cabinet No ministers for Science, Early Childhood, Energy, Disability, Climate, Mental Health, Youth, Status of Women and Aged Care. Border Protection added to Immigration Turkey confirms Syrian rebels with Al Qaida ties sought chemical weapons Veils are not appropriate in classrooms or airport security, says Nick Clegg Syria nearly half rebel fighters are jihadists or hardline Islamists, says IHS Jane's report Murdoch Newspapers Wage coordinated international campaign of Climate Warming Denial Inside the mind of NSA chief Gen Keith Alexander; A lavish Star Trek set he had built as part of his Information Dominance Center is endlessly revealing Mexico 'really mad' at Canada for imposing travel visas  'Canada has the most stringent visa system for Mexicans of any country in the world' Former NSA and CIA director says terrorists love using Gmail Discovery of Russian spy in Canadian navy set off sabotage fears. Faced with being swamped by the ocean, Pacific state looks to become worlds first floating nation [NSA] Court documents released this week show that after its first three years of operation, the best the intelligence establishment could show the judge overseeing the program was that it had led to opening three new preliminary investigations Israel quietly treats wounded Syrians 'Elephant angels' take up crusade to destroy Hong Kong tusk stockpile. Two young girls are leading a renewed call for Hong Kong to destroy its massive stockpile of illegally poached elephant tusks. (via South China Morning Post). First Mexican openly gay mayor inaugurated in the city of Fresnillo Church of England has up to 10m invested in arms firm Outrage grows in Pakistan over rape of 5yearold Russian Journalist Threatens to Out Closeted Politicians Professor Stephen Hawking backs assisted suicide Edward Snowden is in the running for a European human rights prize Sakharov Prize for freedom of thought, whose past winners include Nelson Mandela and Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi. UN report confirms sarin gas use in Syria Sugar is 'addictive and the most dangerous drug of the times' Soft drinks should carry tobaccostyle warnings that sugar is highly addictive and dangerous, a senior Dutch health official has warned. Angry entrepreneur replies to patent troll with racketeering lawsuit Eiji Toyoda, engineer who steered Toyota to global lead, dead at 100 Thailands cure for meth addiction? A leafy jungle stimulant  Seen as an emerging threat in the US, Kratom could wean addicts off meth, Thailands justice minister argues. Brazil Aims to Break from USCentric Internet Because of Washington's Spying  Many fear this is a potentially dangerous 1st step toward politically fracturing a global network built with minimal interference by govts. Guardian Story on Israel and N.S.A. Is Not Surprising Enough to Cover War crimes blamed on the Syrian opposition are predominantly being carried out by foreign fighters London's underground tube cleaners refuse new measures requiring them to clockin using fingerprint scanners The Oil Is Ours  But Its Secrets Are the NSAs. Reported U.S. spying on Brazils Petrobras oil firm revived the controversy over opening up the company, a symbol of Brazilian sovereignty since the 1950s, to foreign investment. Valentina Tereshkova, 76, first woman in space, seeks oneway ticket to Mars Inspectors catch Bristol prison officer denying meals to inmate as punishment  Surprise inspection finds HMP Bristol overcrowded, dirty and cockroachinfested with 'delinquent' staff Romanian Protesters Still Don't Want Gold Companies to Blow Up Their Mountains A United Nations mandated investigator has spotlighted unspeakable atrocities inflicted on political camp prisoners in North Korea, citing testimony from survivors who saw babies drowned or had to survive by eating lizards. Tokyo Electric Power Co. said it dumped about 1,130 tons of tainted rainwater Monday into the Pacific Ocean after it accumulated at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant due to a typhoon. Cambodian textile workers who supply UK clothing stores starving and suffering 'mass faintings' Austria gunman kills three including police and takes hostage Iran opens up Twitter and Facebook The NSA has hacked telecommunications firm Belgacom, targeting information concerning the principal organs of the EU in Brussels Japanese media declare dark times are on us The monthly Sapio has dire fears on that score. Japan, it says, is being swallowed up by a black society. Supporters rally for the French jeweller who was charged with murdering a fleeing thief. White House waives arms export rules for Syrian rebels (to send gas masks and hazmat suits) Report Iran set to shut down nuclear site in deal with West | JPost FBI Admits It Controlled Tor Servers Behind Mass Malware Attack US and Russia agree Syria arms deal Woman sentenced to four years for levelling false charge of rape against man who committed suicide as a result of the accusation Kim Dotcom sues New Zealand for $7 million over illegal spying, raid The Sex Party is within a nudge and a wink of getting a senator up in Tasmania Our five main policies are legalising and taxing marijuana, euthanasia, taxing the church, abortion as a national health policy and censorship'' Girl Shot In Head By Taliban For Attending school Is Raising $500 Million For Syrian Refugees LA Times Israel is also believed to have a chemical weapons stockpile and won't ratify the Chemical Weapons Convention... Shark fin banned at official Hong Kong functions Japan's premier is criticized for telling Olympic committee that Fukushima leaks are under control Roman Catholic priest injured in Zanzibar acid attack, a month after two British teenage girls were victims of a similar acid attack there. NSA gets data from Germanys domestic security agency  reports Brazil's president asked legislators on Thursday to urgently vote on a bill that would force foreign companies to store all data about their Brazilian clients on servers based in the country, a move seen as essential for user security after repeated reports of Internet spying by the U.S. in Brazil Thousands of Polish labor union members are marching through Warsaw throwing smoke grenades and blowing whistles to show the level of their discontent with the government's labor and wage policies I would have burnt my daughter alive for premarital sex Delhi gangrape lawyer Al Qaeda faction in Syria announces offensive on fellow rebels Tribesmen blow up Yemen's main oil export pipeline Putin's press secretary is baffled by Washington's reaction on the opinion piece in The New York Times Democracy implies competition, but sometimes one gets a feeling that the U.S. have long forgotten it. Vice Chancellor's Daughter Skipped 343 spots to receive medical school admission at University of Queensland U.S. military confirms Syrian Rebels had Sarin, a type of chemical weapon German chancellor candidate gives middle finger during interview and allows the photo to be published shortly before the election Syria attacks hospitals, denies healthcare as 'weapon of war' U.N. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov say they have reached an agreement on a framework for securing Syria's chemical weapons after the third day of intense negotiations in Geneva. Kenya Army Man, KWS Staffer Shot Over Poaching. The KWS Ngulia Rhino sanctuary attendant...is behind the killing of rhinos in Ngulia. Kenya has lost 214 elephants and 36 rhinos to poaching this year. 100,000 Poles in antigovt march, threaten strike Eli Lilly Sues Canada For 'Lost Profits' Because Canada Rejected Their Patents Fisa judge Snowden's NSA disclosures triggered important spying debate; orders government to review rules on surveillance, says further declassification would protect court's integrity Italian journalist who was kidnapped by rebels calls Syria hell and says rebels are power hungry Islamists Pope Francis Angelus address We should forgive and show mercy. If we live according to the rule an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. We will never overcome the spiral of evil. A gay man in Russia was violently beaten then raped with a bottle, because the attackers wanted the victim to repent for his sins. Abu Ghraib Torture Victims Ordered To Pay U.S. Contractors Legal Fees Yemen's human rights minister wants child marriage outlawed after an 8yearold girl reportedly died of internal injuries that she suffered on her wedding night. 'Follow the Money' NSA Spies on International Payments The US' NSA agency is interested in international payments processed by companies including Visa, SPIEGEL has learned. It has even set up its own financial database to track money flows through a tailored access operations division Ivory campaign in China raising awareness of elephant massacres. 70% of Chinese didn't realise ivory came from dead elephants. Frustrated professors convince elementary schools to step back from new math and go back to basics Australia could become the first major nation to outlaw smoking Google's Eric Schmidt says government spying is the nature of our society, declines to pass judgment on spying operations A B.C. deer famous for playing with preschoolers and nuzzling vacationers was killed by conservation officers this week because it was deemed to be too friendly. South Korea to get 450meter 'invisible' tower, cloaked by LED imageprojection system Yemen's human rights minister calls for child marriage ban Endless Fukushima catastrophe 2020 Olympics under contamination threat What happens when you roll a giant cruise liner upright after it's been rusting in the sea for 20 months? We'll find out at daybreak when the capsized 'Costa Concordia' is to be uprighted. It crashed off a Tuscan island taking 32 lives. Perspectives Fukushima is, in this disaster, pumping out around one quarter of the radiation that a coal plant does in normal operation. India successfully tests nuclearcapable ballistic missile with ability to reach Japan, Moscow, Greece and all of China Brazil will probably scale down its plans for new nuclear plants due to safety concerns following the 2011 radiation leak in Japan and pick up some of the slack with a revolution in wind power A bill was introduced to the British Parliament for the second time earlier this week that if successful, would push for national service for 1826 year olds. Beachcomber finds message in a bottle dating back to 1906. ( possible new world record ) Beheaded in front of children Alleged Assad thugs dragged to their doom and butchered like animals One of Nigeria's most senior Anglican clerics, who was kidnapped by armed men more than a week ago, has been freed. Iran and UN sign agreement on Syria assistance At least 28 killed in wave of attacks in Iraq, including more than a dozen car bombs; head of Baghdad's provincial council escapes assassination A Chinese boy has made the discovery of lifetime by stumbling across a 3,000yearold bronze sword in a river in Jiangsu Province. Archaeologists have dated the 26cm (10in) weapon to either the Shang or Zhou dynasties  the dawn of Chinese civilisation  based on its material, size and shape. 'Meteorite' smashes into Nicaraguan capital NASA space submarine to explore oceans in Titan, one of Saturns moons Whistleblower Edward Snowden released a document Friday that shows that U.S. intelligence planned to spy on foreign companies to outline 'future threats' to U.S. economic predominance. Arab League joins USled coalition against Islamic State Russia reopens criminal cases against Lithuanians who refused to serve in Soviet army British female jihadis are running an ISIS Police Force to punish women for unIslamic behaviour. The German government has strongly criticized nightly patrols in the city of Wuppertal by men calling themselves Sharia police. EU sanctions defy Russia warning and will take effect on Tuesday Russia says it could close its airspace to Western airlines if new EU sanctions are imposed Palestinian president threatens to break off alliance with Hamas unless Islamic group gives up power in Gaza Al Jazeera Pulls Story Suggesting ISIS Videos Of Foley, Sotloff Were Fake CIA 'tortured alQaeda suspects close to the point of death by drowning them in waterfilled bat Activists promise biggest climate march in history. Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to take to the streets of New York, London and eight other cities worldwide in a fortnight to pressure world leaders to take action on global warming Three Italian nuns raped and killed in Burundi, one beheaded Four NATO allies deny Ukraine statement on providing arms Three German men suspected of being members of the Somalian terrorist organization alShabab were arrested at Frankfurt airport as they attempted to reenter the country Hilton Hotel in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, under quarantine after woman falls ill. Peacekeepers in Somalia use aid to rape women and buy sex for $5  Human Rights Watch Pope accepts resignation of head of scandalplagued Irish church Scottish independence Ed Miliband raises prospect of guards along the border if Scotland votes 'Yes' in referendum Israeli company says it can produce experimental Ebola drug Norwegian MP says Norway should arrest Snowden if he wins the Nobel Peace Price. Obama U.S. military to provide equipment, resources to battle Ebola epidemic in Africa Starving Ebola patients escape Liberian medical centre by threatening to infect security; one dies on the street New Report World Leaders Call For Ending Criminalization of Drug Use and Possession and Responsible Legal Regulation of Psychoactive Substances Another victory for Kim Dotcom, he's getting all Megaupload data back  Neowin ISIS Kidnaps 50 Civilians After They Burn Islamic State Flag MH17 crash Dutch experts say numerous objects hit plane Russian agents raiding homes of Muslims in Crimea 2,300 year old mysterious tomb discovered in Amphipolis, Greece. Russia Reports Troop Deaths In Ukraine, But Calls Them 'Volunteers' Steven Sotloff Was Sold To ISIS By 'Moderate' Rebels, Family Spokesman Tells CNN Spain opens door to ban on burqas Spain's interior minister Jorge Fernndez Daz on Wednesday said the Spanish government would consider including a ban on burqas as part of a packet of planned new security reforms. USAF rotates F16s in Poland as tensions with Russia continue Russians 'operated BUK' in MH17 area Dalai Lama Blasts Putin's SelfCenteredness Fury in Germany over Sharia Police Patrols the Sharia Police patrolled the streets in attempt to stop people from listening to music, drinking, and gambling. The government said that the Sharia Police would not be allowed to replace the actual police and that Germany did not want Sharia law. Pakistan mosque collapses on worshipers Russian military plane circles HMCS Toronto in Black Sea 6 Elephant Poachers Caught in Mozambique Reserve  During the early morning raid, 12 tusks & 2 rifles were confiscated. 2 of the tusks, 23 kilograms (57 lbs) each, were from an elephant about 40 yrs old. The tusks were worth over US$150,000. ISISAffiliated Twitter Account Calls For Assassination Of Twitter Employees, Twitter Investigating Ebola spreading exponentially in Liberia with many thousands of new cases expected in next three weeks, WHO says. MH17 shootdown suspects 'were Russian' claim eyewitnesses Lost Franklin expedition ship found in the Arctic 4.5 Million Fish Dead in Environmental Disaster in Mexico (Unbelievable Pictures) Iran arrests 'Afghans and Pakistanis joining Islamic State' Israeli defense minister Turkey is openly supporting terrorism Germany TV displays Ukrainian soldiers bearing Nazi insignia Russia Threatens to Bankrupt Western Airlines by Closing Its Airspace Man escapes ISIS execution W.H.O alerts Kenya that a passenger, who claims to be a CNN journalist, on a Kenya Airways flight may be infected with Ebola F15s Dispatched to 'Unresponsive Aircraft' Over Atlantic More Syrians have died in 3 years of war than Americans in every war since WW2 A rigorous new study by the United Nations Office of Human Rights has confirmed 191,369 deaths from the Syrian civil war since it began in 2011, of which about 100,000 have been killed in the last 14 months alone Whaling ban seen as restoring blue whales in northeast Pacific The number of blue whales in the northeastern Pacific returns to nearhistoric levels thanks to a 48yr international ban on commercial or subsistence whaling for this species.. Malaysian Islamic Police Raid Hotel Room, Arrest Two Women For Being Lesbians Obama Recruits 9 Allied Nations To Combat ISIS Russian government admits detaining Estonian security official, claims incident occurred on Russian soil. A freed French hostage has claimed that one of the Islamists who held him captive in Syria was the suspect in the Jewish Museum shooting in Brussels. European Union imposes new sanctions on Russia Russian news mistakes video game poster for U.S. propaganda Robots to replace chemical, steel workers in China Russia 'will react' to EU sanctions Saudis Raid House Church, Arrest 27 Christians US and 10 NATO Allies Form Coalition to Destroy ISIS British jihadists on the run from terror group IS in Syria Rights Groups Demand Answers from Qatar over 'Disappearance' of British Researchers Investigating Migrant Worker Abuses PM Announces the Deployment of Canadian Armed Forces to Iraq AntiSemitism drives largest ever French immigration to Israel Russia to reopen Arctic naval base Canada's Army Tested Drones in the Arctic for 1st Time Ever  While the US plots more antimissile defense in Canada's Arctic, the Canucks are testing drones. Sierra Leone declares Ebola lockdown  From 18 to 21 September people will not be allowed to leave their homes, a senior official said. The aim of the move is to allow health workers to isolate new cases to prevent the disease from spreading further. Israel preparing for very violent war against Hezbollah, TV report says Unresponsive Airplane Flying Towards Cuba (LIVE UPDATES)  Flight Tracker in the links Taiwanese health authorities said on Friday they were investigating more than 200 companies that allegedly used recycled cooking oils obtained from restaurants in their products, in the latest food safety scandal to hit the island. Sierra Leone to Impose 3Day Ebola Quarantine For three days, from Sept. 19 to Sept. 21, everybody is expected to stay indoors as 7,000 teams of health and community workers go door to door to root out hidden Ebola patients 6 months after Malaysian Air plane disappeared, Chinese police 'beat, detain relatives of missing MH370 passengers' Viking 'ring fortress' discovered in Denmark Finnish Somalis Help us prevent ISIS from recruiting our youth Ukraine gov't forces attacked in Mariupol, day into ceasefire Zimbabwe Go Back to England, Mugabe Tells Whites Civilians accidentally killed in airstrikes in Iraq; 72 killed, 27 wounded | The casualties include civilians at a Hawija hospital, where 18 were killed and 16 wounded. Eight of the fatalities were newborns housed in a premature baby wing that collapsed due to the strike. Kenya thanks US for killing Abdi Godane Latest YouGov Scottish Independence poll for the Sunday Times YES 51% (+4), NO 49% (4) ISIL takes 100 kids at an orphanage hostage in Nineveh Shock new poll says Scots set to vote yes to independence ISIS in Iraq Canada to send special ops soldiers as advisers Merkel  Germany no place for antiSemitism Obama vows US will 'hunt down' ISIS 'wherever they are 15 Christians held under Pakistan's blasphemy laws Abbas threatens to end unity with Hamas Ebola spreads to jails, with 5 infected patients discovered in Monrovia's Central Prison per latest situation report IS Militants Behead Five Fortunetellers in Mosul ISIS Teaches Children How to Behead in Training Camps Supporters of Scottish independence take narrow poll lead for first time A fleet of four Japanese ships left Hokkaido on Sunday to start the seasonal research whaling hunt in Pacific coastal waters, local media said. Japans Fisheries Agency has said whalers planned to kill up to 51 minke whales in waters off Kushiro city through the end of October. Fighting resumes in Mariupol, ceasefire may be over Israeli official Hamas preparing for next war. Islamist group renews rocket production, tunnel construction More armed searches of Crimean Tatar homes Families of MH370 claim abuse and detainment by Chinese police Russia warns NATO not to offer membership to Ukraine France suspends plans to deliver warship to Russia amid Ukraine tensions. Deep sea 'mushroom' may be new branch of life The pace of Ebola infection has accelerated, and there were close to 400 deaths in the past week alone. The UN says $600 million in supplies would be needed to fight the outbreak. Canadian beekeepers sue Bayer, Syngenta over neonicotinoid pesticides for over $400 million Nova Scotia to ban fracking ISIS Capture Russian Jets In Syria, Tell Vladimir Putin Hes Next Obama casts Russia as threat to peace in Europe  Vows to defend all NATO states, specifically reassures the baltic states will be defended. France raises possibility of military action on Islamic State South Africa refuses Dalai Lama visa for Nobel summit Israel bars 13 Members of the European parliment from visiting Gaza British hostage captured by Isis is experienced aid worker who helped Muslim communities in the Balkans  The British hostage threatened with death by Islamic State (Isis) militants was an experienced aid worker who spent years trying so hard to help communities ravaged by war in the Balkans Ukraine army on alert to repel possible rebel attack near Mariupol  military source Islamic State officially outlawed in Israel In Estonia, Obama pledges to defend Baltic States, calls for a unified NATO to help Ukraine strengthen its forces IS militants 'killed up to 770 Iraqi troops' in single atrocity Two UK researchers investigating migrant worker treatment 'missing' in Qatar Sky Films Troops 'In Russian Gear' In Ukraine Canada prepared to act with allies against Islamic State Harper France faces huge Mistral bill for halting Russia deal The decision to suspend delivery of a Mistral naval assault ship to Russia risks costing France at least 1bn euros (800m), officials say. A hail of U.S. missiles aimed at the leader of Somalia's al Shabaab militants may have left a gaping hole in the group's leadership, potentially the biggest challenge to its unity since it emerged as a fighting force eight years ago. French spy who sunk Greenpeace Ship has wildlife photograph published in Greenpeace calendar Guinea detects Ebola in new region as U.S. warns outbreak out of control Iraqi soldier survives Isis mass execution by playing dead for hours to escape militants who massacred hundreds ISIS threatens to liberate Chechnya and Caucasus; Chechnya threatens to destroy ISIS After convincing China to give up shark fin soup, Yao Ming sets out to save Africa's elephants from the ivory trade Lego is now the worlds largest toymaker, as kids choose bricks over Barbie AntiISIS flagburning campaign launched by a trio of fearless Lebanese teens have ignited an Internet antiterror sensation Photographs show Amazonian tribe capturing and stripping illegal rainforest loggers The tribes have sent out their warriors to expel all loggers they find, setting up monitoring camps in the areas that are being illegally exploited. Three top ISIS lieutenants killed in US bombing raid British jihadists fighting in Syria are increasingly disillusioned and want to come home, it has been reported | Dozens of them are reported to want to return to Britain but are afraid they will be locked up for years if they do so. Estonia intelligence officer abducted by gunpoint and taken to Russia Iran's Supreme Leader has approved cooperation with the US as part of the fight against Islamic State in northern Iraq, sources have told BBC Persian. A group of indigenous people in Brazil's Amazon region have detained and expelled loggers working illegally in their ancestral lands. Korean 20 year old dies in military service after a month of systematic beating, military is accused of covering up bullying Prominent Imams Denounce ISIS, Prohibit Muslims From Joining. According to the fatwa, British and other EU citizens should not only avoid joining the extremist group, but should also actively oppose its poisonous ideology. New dinosaur discovered! Ancient behemoth Meet Dreadnoughtus, a supermassive dino Ukraine ceasefire deal 'signed' The U.N. nuclear watchdog said it has seen releases of steam and water indicating that North Korea may be operating a reactor, in the latest update on a plant that experts say could make plutonium for atomic bombs. British jihadists want to come home, say they made 'mistake' Archaeologists Make Spectacular Discovery Off Denmarks Coast Stone Age boat & settlement foundBoat has repairs. It split 6,500 yrs ago & they tried to fix the crack by putting a bark strip over it & drilling holes on both sides. The most exciting thing is there's sealing mass in the holes. US confirms alShabab leader killed Worldfirst experiment achieves direct braintobrain communication in human subjects Large asteroid to pass very close to Earth on Sunday NATO allies to supply Ukraine with lethal military equipment Russian TV shows funeral of soldier killed 'on leave' in Ukraine Japan transfers $1 billion in frozen oil money to Iran Thirtyfour Bosnian coal miners trapped underground after earthquake US, S Korea reportedly to set up wartime unit to destroy North's nukes US doctor infected with Ebola heading to Nebraska Captured IS Suicide Bomber in Peshmerga hands When he is treated and well, he will go to prison and rot there for the rest of his life. He will be denied martyrdom. The Kurds want the foreign fighters to know that.  Sky News Russian sex geckos die in orbit Plans to dump 3 million cubic metres of material dredged from the ocean floor into the Great Barrier Reef area will be abandoned. NASA is building the largest rocket of all time for a 2018 launch German President Joachim Gauck Russia has effectively severed its partnership with Europe and wants to establish a new order Ukraine warns of great war with Russia the likes of which Europe has not seen since WWII Egypt fatwa bans online chats between men and women Egypts top Islamic authority has prohibited online chat between unrelated men and women, triggering a big controversy in the country. Canada Misleads in Keystone XL Ads About Deep Cuts to Environmental Monitoring  Canada has cut nearly $3 billion in spending & up to 5,000 jobs from its sciencebased depts, according to federal scientists. Gays not welcome in Crimea  We do not need such people in the Crimea acting PM Aksenov Huge new Israeli settlement in West Bank condemned by US and UK Israel cancels settlement plans due to international pressure Denmark passes law allowing transgender people to obtain official documents reflecting their gender identity without needing to be diagnosed with a mental disorder or undergo surgeries resulting in irreversible sterilization. Ebola Patient Flees Clinic In Search For Food Video has emerged of Liberian ebola clinic workers dressed in contamination suits chasing an escaped patient through the streets after he left a treatment centre to visit a market. Russian Investigators Seize Assets of ProKiev Ukrainian Billionaire Radioactive wild boar roaming the forests of Germany Russia Has Threatened Nuclear Attack, Says Ukraine Defence Minister Dutch organization, Women on We, sends abortion pills to women in countries that restrict or ban the procedure  Working to revolutionize access to the procedure, bypassing the clinic & turning to a novel method of delivery the Internet. Uber has been banned across the whole of Germany AUSTRALIA will enter a historic partnership with NATO at the groups summit in Wales this week, giving the Australian Defence Force greater access to the planning and decisionmaking of the worlds most powerful military alliance Sharks Off Menu & on Tourist Trail in Palau  World's 1st shark sanctuary here was so successful it's going to totally ban commercial fishing in the island nation's vast ocean territory by 2018. The unprecedented fishingfree zone in the Pacific is about the size of France. Nuclear ban on muslim engineer (from accessing nuclear sites, citing his links with jihadist networks) upheld by French court  France 2 secret funders of British politician Nigel Lawsons climate skeptic group revealed  This is 1st time backers have confirmed contributions. Both are linked to a freemarket thinktank, IEA, which takes money from oil firms & argues against climate change mitigation. British jihadists to be forced to attend deradicalisation programmes, says Cameron Nato to create highreadiness force to counter Russian threat  Spearhead force will be made up of around 4,000 troops with capacity to 'travel light but strike hard'. EU threatens Israel with total ban of poultry unless it marks products from settlements Islamic State 'kills US hostage' Steven Sotloff Malaysia Airlines has provoked a storm of controversy by asking customers to list the things they would most like to do before they die. US claims it has rightful access to data stored on servers anywhere in the world. Russian General Calls for Preemptive Nuclear Strike Doctrine Against NATO Pakistan army kills 910 Taliban militants Danish mosque declares support for Isis Obama says US will 'degrade and destroy' Islamic State 'American forces are on the ground here' Kurds claim US commandos ARE fighting ISIS with them in northern Iraq, after Obama said no 'combat troops' would fight Israel shows evidence of rocket fire from Gaza schools Saudi Arabia's proposal to destroy Prophet Mohammeds tomb and move remains to anonymous grave risks new Muslim division UK bans American Apparel adverts UK for 'Sexualising Schoolgirls' and 'Underage Porn' Moscow has continued to deny direct involvement in the fighting in eastern Ukraine. But evidence to the contrary continues to mount. NATO says up to 1,000 Russian soldiers have joined the fray and the proRussian separatists have made a remarkable turnaround. Jordan signs 15 year deal to import natural gas from Israel, estimated value more than $15bn New drug cured 16 of 16 monkeys with a viral ebola relative. Obama signs off on request for more U.S. troops in Iraq President Obama We will degrade and destroy ISIS CDC Window Is Closing on Containing Ebola Fortyeight Kurdish intellectuals symbolically convert to Yezidi faith to protest Islamic State attacks Putin's spokesman Russia 'did not agree a ceasefire' Mexican state of Coahuila legalises samesex marriage Kremlin is ready to release phone conversation about 'taking Kiev in two weeks' ISIS said in a recent tweet it is forcing detained Syrian pilots to train militant fighters to fly stolen aircraft In an attack that felt like an earthquake, U.S. forces hit Islamic extremists in Somalia Ukraine Retracts Announcement of CeaseFire With Russia ICC Palestine is a state, can file war crimes complaints against Israel if chooses Australia increases cigarette prices for the fourth time by almost 15% to $1 a cigarette. Expected to stop 60,000 smokers. Hundreds of Ukrainian troops 'massacred by proRussian forces as they waved white flags' The Islamic States' next target is Pope Francis as the group deems Italy a highly strategic point of attack. An Italian intelligence agency found information that the ISIS is targeting the Pope as he bears false witness against Islam and serves as the greatest exponent of Christianity. Anger As Annual Dolphin Hunt Begins In Japan Ethical bottled water companies find it hard to compete with Nestl and Coke Ukraine Crisis 'If I Want, I Will Take Kiev in Two Weeks', Putin Warns EU's Barroso Merkel Says Europe Wont Allow Russia Attack on Ukraine Rotherham Police 'would not investigate child abuse for fear of breaching victim's human rights' Mother who found 125 names of alleged sex abusers on her young daughter's mobile phone claims police told her an investigation would breach the girl's human rights The owner of Raju, the recently freed elephant that was tortured for 50 years, launches legal action to return him. Petition goes up to keep Raju free. The fight is on. (Link in article) Hong Kong Braces for Protests as China Rules Out Full Democracy Germany projected to post third straight budget surplus, after 16.1 billion surplus in first half of 2014 Ukraine says rescue under way after naval vessel attacked Grand Ayatollah Issues Fatwa Stating High Speed Internet is against Sharia Ukraine soldiers battling Russian tanks at Lugansk Kiev Islamic State key financier was director of private Muslim primary school in Birmingham President Obama To Attend Nato Summit, Will Become First Sitting US Pres. To Visit Wales Dogs digging up and eating Ebola victim corpses may become asymptomatic carriers and potentially a new source of infection. Stonehenge ghostly outlines of missing stones appear. Archaeologists can now say for certain that Stonehenge was once a complete circle after the dry weather revealed the ghostly outlines of missing stones Russia's Putin orders Gazprom to start gas pipeline construction to China Rickets is back in the UK because the poor can't afford good food. Separatists hit Ukrainian vessel in first naval attack of war Thousands of Russian soldiers sent to Ukraine, reports suggest up to 15,000 soldiers have been sent to assist separatists since July 2014 Ukraine crisis truth about MH17 must be revealed Lavrov Man shoots up social welfare office in New Zealand 25 Sunni Tribes Ready To Fight ISIS Tony Blair and George Bush exchanged voluminous correspondence prior to the start of military operations in Iraq. Now, the UK is moving to declassify details of the talks for an inquiry into Britains involvement in the conflict, British media reported. A trolley bus blast in the Russian city of Volgograd has killed at least 10 people, emergencies services reported. The explosion comes a day after a terrorist attack in the city killed 17 people Glenn Greenwald Says NSA, GCHQ Dismayed They Don't Have Access To InFlight Internet Communication The very idea that human beings can communicate for even a few moments without their ability to monitor is intolerable. 2000 tons of explosives disappear from chemical plant in Yekaterinburg, Russia Saudi Prince faces execution for murder. IT firms lose billions after NSA scandal exposed by whistleblower Edward Snowden 15 Palestinians die of hunger in Syria camp The sun has fully flipped upside down, with its north and south poles reversed to reach the midpoint of Solar Cycle 24. Now, the magnetic fields have once again started moving in opposite directions. To mark the event, Nasa has released a visualisation of the entire process. Pedophile let go by italian justice because the 11 years old victim was deemed to be in love (source in french) Special Report Japan's homeless recruited for murky Fukushima cleanup Regarding the Top Secret NSA catalog reveals US government has been secretly back dooring here are some scans. Just click the red dots or arrows, documents are english Clothing factories across Cambodia shut following strikes  Our industry is unable to continue operations given the current situation Man survives first week with artificial heart after worldfirst operation Latin America has a homophobic killings problem The gruesome murders of gays in the region are shocking. So is how rarely the violence gets reported. Antarctic ship passengers to be evacuated by Chinese helicopter Egypt Detains Al Jazeera English Journalists for Broadcasting 'False News' Its against the law to see God in Pakistan. Two who claimed to have done do face death for blasphemy Toronto police officer strips naked hundreds of people Dolphins 'Getting High' On Puffer Fish, Zoologist Rob Pilley Says The NSA Has A Way To Intercept Computers MidShipment And Install Spyware On Them Al Jazeera demands Egypt release journalists. Broadcaster urges immediate and unconditional release of detained staff, calling their arrest arbitrary. AntiFemale Genital Mutilation Campaigners Make Progress in Egypt Russia Revises Their Definition of Gay Propaganda; It Can Include Any Negative Portrayal of Heterosexuality Private talks between Tony Blair and George Bush on Iraq war to be published. 98yearold photo negatives discovered in Antarctica The Japanese Mob Is Hiring Homeless People to Clean Up Fukushima U.S. Furious With Israel After Sale of Advanced Military Technology to China Leaked documents from Jacob Appelbaum show NSA can see every communication through backdoor access to your iPhone The NSA's elite hackers can hijack your WiFi from 8 miles away | Alongside prepackaged exploits that allowed control over iOS devices and any phone communicating through GSM, Appelbaum detailed a device that targets computers through packet injection, seeding exploits from up to 8 miles away. Mass murderer Breivik treated better than hacker, campaign says Terrorists planned to nuke Indian city and quietly paste evacuation posters in mosques to save Muslims Women threatened with deportation after exposing sexual harassment at UK detention centre Uruguay may have started a marijuana legalization storm in Latin America (xpost from /r/LatinAmerica) British exspy launches foundation to support whistleblowers | Annie Machon, a former MI5 operative who blew the whistle on the UKs dubious spying activities, has started a new fund to support other whistleblowers such as former NSA contractor Edward Snowden. NSA can turn on your iPhones camera, mic without you knowing France's 75% 'millionaire tax' to become law Chinese doctor has admitted in court that she stole babies from the hospital where she worked and sold them to human traffickers, China state media and a court said. Indian boy is stripped, hanged upsidedown and beaten to death for stealing biscuits The NSA Reportedly Has Total Access To The Apple iPhone Kim Jonguns $300 million ski resort boondoggle is really, truly, almost finished NSA Uses Windows Error Messages To Spy On People Researchers find 7,300mile ring of mercury around tar sands in Canada  Bitumen in the tar sands being excavated to produce oil is the likely culprit of the mercury deposits Everything that the United States government accused the Chinese of doing  which they are also doing, I believewe are learning that the US government has been doing to American companies, Secret NSA spy programs exposed at conference in Germany by security researcher Jacob Appelbaum Israel May Start Paying for All Abortions for Women Between 20 & 33 Years Old  Health officials indicate they eventually intend to expand it to offer abortion funding to women of all ages. China Says 8 Million Acres Of Farmland Now Too Polluted For Food Egypt confiscates assets of more than 500 leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood in crackdown Passengers Ridicule Canadian Airline for Sexist Ticket Policy  Maybe let your bosses know that those of us who are not married to June Cleaver find this deeply insulting, one passenger tweeted at Air Canada. While the media gave nonstop coverage to the drama of Phil Robertson, this was happening in Uganda with the support of U.S. churches. Energy minister wants four million solar panels installed on government land and buildings Thai street vendors using hospital xray films to make bulletproof vests to sell So what did the troll actually say? Why exactly is Liam Stacey in jail? The Danish Government has set a goal of running the entire country on renewable energy by 2050. Russian businessman killed three homeinvaders with a kitchen knife after they attacked his family and held his sevenmonthold grandson at gunpoint. He now faces a life sentence for what may be qualified as a triple murder. Falkvinge We are Winning  How Pirate Parties are Changing the World Healthy competition in the NHS is a sick joke. Privatisation of UK's National Health Service leading to a socalled market is a mockery. From the Delhi police Why women deserve to be raped Japan deploys missile batteries as North Korea readies missile launch.  Home again in Mexico Villagers are home again as the illegal immigration boom drops to net zero North Korea moves rocket into place for launch Canada's proposed purchase of the F35 Joint Strike Fighter has been thrown into turmoil...In response to the April 3 [2012] auditor's report, the Canadian government has capped its funding for the F35 project and, in an unprecedented move, will take the procurement out of the hands of the DND. Sony to cut estimated 10,000 jobs. Mom slams drug rehab centre run by Scientologists  Canada  CBC News Anonymous says plans more attacks against China sites
| Reuters German poet declared unwelcome in Israel Syrian forces fire on Turkish refugee camp.

Reports that two people have been killed and at least 15 injured ahead of UN ceasefire deadline
 Pakistani prime minister states the Pakistani president's visit to India was suggested and urged by China. ...Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani on Sunday said that opening of trade with India would go a long way in promoting stability in the region bring the two countries closer. Nigeria car bomb leaves 38 dead In Sweden, a debate over whether gender equality has gone too far To Be a Woman in Pakistan Six Stories of Abuse, Shame, and Survival   Saudi Princess What I'd Change About My Country   It doesn't include allowing women to drive  India's Census Lots of Cellphones, too Few Toilets Turkey reacts with anger as Syrian forces open fire across border Bahrain crackdown Opposition in dire need of media spotlight What North Koreans really think of Kim JongUnNorth Korean phone calls along the Chinese border by using Chinese signals telephony signals Nine miners still trapped in Peru as rescue efforts look like they will be delayed because of structural efforts.  Food, water and oxygen being supplied by a metal tube.