 Firsthand account of Utya Massacre (crosspost from r/linux, of all places)  Experts Baffled By Mysterious Underground Chambers  More than 700 small tunnel networks have been found in southern Germany. There are hundreds more in Austria. Who built them, when and why? Archeologists are only just beginning to piece together the answers In the media, Breivik has been characterised as a deranged loner. Nothing could be further from the truth. Breivik's acts were entirely consistent with others by European fascists. More importantly, Breivik's ideas firmly reflect mainstream rightwing discourse. Charlie Brooker on the UK's media trying desperately to find which Muslim group committed the Norwegian atrocities. Hackers hit Italian cyberpolice Hackers have started to release gigabytes of secret documents stolen from an Italian cybercrime unit. One of the gunman in Norway's first victims Offduty police officer who went straight ahead towards the gunman when the shooting started, he's also the crown princess's step brother.  Oslo attacks Why did so many experts blame Islamic terrorists?  By Christopher Hitchens  Norway Killer Anders Behring Breivik may be part of a bigger antiIslamic Right Wing network that is preparing to carry out similar attacks in Europe. The Vatican has recalled its envoy to Ireland following Taoiseach Enda Kenny's trenchant criticism of the Holy Sees role in covering up cases of clerical child sex abuse. 1.5 million Russians are addicted to heroin Japan has passed a law that will enable the police and contractors to monitor internet activity without restriction to cleanse the Internet of any bad Fukushima radiation news.
 Norwegian gunman 'has accomplices' A Ridiculous Rapid Response Why did so many experts declare the Oslo attacks to be the work of Islamic terrorists? China's effort to muzzle news of train crash sparks outcry Hacker Claims to Have Obtained 8GB Worth of Multinational Content  Threatens to Release it Soon Norway attacks Breivik was my friend on Facebook. I've seen what fed his hatred. I was once a member of Sweden's nationalist party, but vile online propaganda drove me away. At least 100,000 attend Oslo antiviolence rally
| Reuters

 NPR Norway Suspect Claims to be Part of Terror Network Teenage Afghan asylum seeker who fled to Norway two years ago one of dozens still hospitalized having sustained four gunshot wounds. Still holds a positive view of his adopted home. I have experienced much good in Norway, so much good, Staff across all of News International newspapers warned not to delete or destroy documents relating to any of the phonehacking investigations Giant sinkhole found under a bed in Guatemala City BP not making money, so break it up in a deal worth $100 billion AntiVaccination Groups are developing in places where Vaccinations are needed the most, the developing world. Why China's Deadly Train Crash Seems So Suspicious  
Angry internet users question the government as the death toll reaches 35 Analysis Norway massacre exposes incendiary immigration issue

 At about 208 and 300, Norwegian PM Stoltenberg says, Tomorrow we will show the world that Norway's democracy grows stronger when it is challenged  and that the answer to violence is even more democracy, even more humanity, but never navet.  S. Korea enacts 'chemical castration' law for pedophiles Norway PM quotes young survivor in memorial speech If one man can show this much hate, think how much love we can show together Why I'm taking the UK police to court for kettling me I'm 16 and went to protest peacefully with my friends about our future, but we were held for 10 hours without food or water Norwegians defy gunman by sticking to open, tolerant society Private detectives employed by News International are even now compiling dossiers for future use on politicians who attack Murdoch This Murdoch scandal has exposed the scale of elite corruption lifted the lid on how power is really exercised in 21stcentury Britain  in which the unreformed City and its bankers play a central part. I'm starting to think that the Left might actually be right  Telegraph Norwegian killer made this video (confirmed by Norwegian media) Violent clashes erupt in Egyptian capital At least 231 injured after knifewielding men attack proreform protesters marching to defence ministry in Cairo. Norwegian terrorist sent manifesto to Finnish politicians just before attacks The Taliban executed an 8yearold boy, by hanging, in southern Afghanistan... Norway attacks We can no longer ignore the farright threat  Corrupt police officers should be locked up and the key thrown away Norway's killer describe 8 robbery attempts by muslims as his reason for his hatred Phone hacking 7/7 victims fear police passed 
numbers to News of the World The Demand For Water Will Increase Five Times By 2050 Oslo attacker says attacks were gruesome but 
necessary 2000 y/o bell found in ancient Jerusalem sewer What did the Oslo killer want? | FP Passport Man Blamed For Norway Attacks Wanted A Revolution; Called Massacre Ultimate Love Gift A Conversation With The Dalai Lama  
Charming interview with Tibetan spiritual leader. Got on well with Mao, valued his leadership advice, was then casually told religion is poison. Says today's CCP leaders should do like him and retire. Cheerful discussing own death Faced with inhumanity, we must be more human  Opinion  Al Jazeera English (must Read)
 Kenyan Mau Mau survivors to sue British government London court rules that elderly Kenyans can sue British government for abuse.
 Belgian ban on full veils comes into force A 117yearold woman in Mexico City finally received her birth certificate, and died a few hours later. Trinidad Alvarez Lira had waited years for proof that she had been born in 1898. IMF chief backs Athens as permanent Olympic host The president of France says if Brexit won, so can Donald Trump British Man Who Must Give Police 24 Hours' Notice of Sex Threatens Hunger Strike The man is the subject of a sexual risk order despite having never been convicted of a crime. 100+ Nobel laureates urge Greenpeace to stop opposing GMOs Brazil Huge spike in number of police killings in Rio ahead of Olympics Austria's highest court annuls presidential election narrowly lost by rightwing candidate. Facebook wins privacy case, can track any Belgian it wants Doesn't matter if Internet users are logged into Facebook or not Switzerland denies Muslim girls citizenship after they refuse to swim with boys at school The 12 and 14yearold will no longer be considered for naturalised citizenship because they have not complied with the school curriculum, authorities in Basel said China kills millions of innocent meditators for their organs, report finds France Cracks Down on Factory Farms  A viral video campaign has moved the govt to act. In footage shared widely online, animals writhe in pain as they bleed to death or are dismembered, in violation of rules requiring they be rendered unconscious before slaughter. Abbas PLO Faction Calls Killer of 13YearOld AmericanIsraeli Girl a Martyr Taiwanese warship accidentally fires missile towards China Iran celebrates American Human Rights Week, mocks U.S. rights record U.N. panel moves to curb bias against L.G.B.T. people despite fierce resistance from Muslim and African countries. The United States has placed Myanmar, Uzbekistan, Sudan and Haiti on its list of worst human trafficking offenders. S&P revises European Union credit rating to 'AA' from 'AA+' India gets $1 billion loan from World Bank for solar mission U.S. sailors detained by Iran spoke too much under interrogation Navy Mass fish kill in Vietnam solved as Taiwan steelmaker accepts responsibility for pollution Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte urges people to kill drug addicts | Duterte, 71, won power in a landslide after a campaign dominated by threats to kill tens of thousands in a war on crime Spain arrests three Pakistanis accused of promoting militancy Venezuela, where anger over food shortages is still mounting, continued to be roiled this week by angry protests and breakins of grocery stores and businesses that have left five dead, at least 30 injured and 200 arrested, according to various news reports. A Hindu temple worker has been killed by three men on a motorcycle, local police have said. More than 40 people have been killed in attacks blamed on Islamist militants in Bangladesh since February 2013, including secular bloggers, academics, gay rights activists and members of religious minorities. Ozone layer hole seems to be healing  US & UK team shows it's shrunk & may slowly recover. If you had to have an ozone hole anywhere in the world, it'd be Antarctica because its not teeming with life. It showed us if we didnt back off with these chemicals, wed have a crisis. Colombia High Court Okays Drug Decriminalization 'Under the law, people caught with less than 22 grams of marijuana or one gram of cocaine for personal use may not be arrested or prosecuted, but could be referred to treatment.' Japans Supreme Court has ruled in favor of a 
whistleblower for the first time in a case that 
highlights the harsh treatment outspoken 
employees have endured in a nation that 
zealously values loyalty and conformity. France to legalise gay marriage in 2013 Julian Assange defies police summons, refuses to leave Ecuadorean Embassy Falkvinge The most blatant proACTA campaign so far is in itself a copyright monopoly violation The worlds richest people added a combined $21.4 billion to their collective net worth this week. Webhost Refuses To Censor Its Own Pirate Bay AntiCensorship Tool Dutch antipiracy outfit BREIN says that in the face of the hosts refusal to comply with the takedown, it is now considering filing a criminal complaint China's incoming president Xi Jinping's family 'has wealth of hundreds of millions' The family of China's next president has amassed a fortune running into hundreds of millions of pounds, according to a hugely damaging new report.  Sumatran Orangutans Being 'Extinguished' by Palm Oil Push Fires set by landowners leave wild orangutans on brink of annihilation Richard O'Dwyer petition hits 160,000 signatures Thousands back Wikipedia founder's call to oppose extradition of British student to US over alleged internet copyright offence Big Four banks admit to misselling interest rate swaps  Nuclear officials withheld Fukushima radiation maps  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Oil posts fourth biggest daily gain on record Ugandan bill threatens homosexuality with death penalty Some 100 youths rioted in the Stockholm suburb of 
Tensta, smashing up police cars and throwing 
stones at officers  The Local Olympics 2012 let the political games begin While Julian Assange defies his bond at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, he has released a Wikileaks Album to drum up donations for his cause. Included is the song The Ballad of Julian Assange. Russia 'retains right' to preemptive strike on NATO missile shield  Bomb Explodes in Damascus as Countries Gather to Discuss Syria Egypt's newly elected President Morsi promises  to seek the release of the Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, the Egyptianborn militant Islamist convicted after the 1993 World Trade Center attack of plotting to bomb several New York City landmarks. Israel evicts settlers after landmark ruling  Mongolia parties call for new elections Libya descends into militia chaos as hostages still held
 Syria The First Casualty The big lie concerning Syria is the most significant and outrageous myth that we are living under today. | Foreign Policy Journal BBC News  Dial 999 75 years of emergency phone calls (World's first emergency phone number) Hungary internet tax cancelled after mass protests Indian government bars first class travel, fivestar hotel meetings for bureaucrats and have been asked to use videoconferencing instead to reduce expenditure on them For 3 days starting in 1 week, 8,000 glowing balloons are being installed across 10 miles of Berlin  these floating orbs will follow the former path of the Berlin Wall, commemorating the 25th anniversary of its fall. Eleven countries studied, one inescapable conclusion  the drug laws dont work A Russian action film star is in hot water after he was caught on film wearing press gear while firing a machine gun toward Ukrainian lines with Moscowbacked rebels at Donetsk airport Israel foreign minister says sweden should understand that the middle east is more complicated that ikea furniture Report Child sexual exploitation now a 'social norm' in parts of Greater Manchester Hundreds of Iraqi tribesmen opposed to Islamic State found in mass graves Russia simulated an attack on Denmark Israeli authorities say they have decided to reopen the Al Alqsa Mosque for Muslim worshippers on Friday. Egypt clears a neighborhood to create a buffer with Gaza The Islamic State group is conducting a purge, killing dozens of former policemen and soldiers living in areas of Iraq under its control, in a campaign apparently aimed at preventing any uprising against its extremist rule. UK lawmakers debate drug policy as study backs decriminalization crime prevention minister Norman Baker agreed that a new approach is needed to combating drug I think the evidence personally is so overwhelming that the present status quo is not tenable. Israel recalls Sweden ambassador in protest of Palestine recognition US Military Sets New Record for World's Fastest Microchip 700yearold zombie virus shows climate change could unleash ancient diseases Islamic State militants drove 600 Shia, Christian, and Yazidi male prisoners into the desert, and executed them at point blank range. 'Scary clown' craze hits Spanish city Middle East Goes Monty Python on ISIS Arab standup comics, and even an Iraqi TV show, regularly mock ISIS mercilessly. It might get them killed, but it might be worth it. Ozone hole layer remains size of North America, Nasa data shows Spanish lawmakers annoyed Google on Thursday by passing a law that allows media organisations to charge the Internet giant for the right to reproduce their news content Burkina Faso's president declares state of emergency amid violent protests at his bid to extend his 27year rule 50 nations, including China and US, back Modi's call for International Yoga Day China to send elite army unit to help fight Ebola in Liberia Regreening Program to Restore 1/6 of Ethiopia's Land  Tree & shrubplanting program has transformed degraded & deforested land across Africa, with Ethiopia planning to restore a further 15m hectares by 2030 Amelia Earhart Plane Fragment Identified Pirate Bay founder Gottfrid Svartholm Found Guilty in Hacking Trial Canadian Politician, Thomas Mulcair Shooter was a criminal, not a terrorist. Number of global billionaires has doubled since the financial crisis. NATO Intercepted 19 Russian Military Aircraft Today DETAILS of every phone call, email and internet page visited in Australia will be stored for at least two years under the Federal Governments next round of counterterror laws. BBC refuses to include Green party in general election TV leader debates | Politics Finland flies alongside NATO missions to intercept Russian jets Allegations of mass SAT cheating delay test scores in China and South Korea, a year and a half after the College Board canceled a scheduled exam in South Korea because of allegations of widespread cheating Ebola jumps to 13,703 cases. 30% increase in 4 days says WHO. Drones Spotted Over 7 French Nuclear Sites, Says EDF  Drone activity was detected at 4 sites on the same day Oct 19. Turkish president Erdogan unveils his new palace of a thousand rooms BraziltoPortugal Cable Shapes Up as AntiNSA Case Study The Telebrasplanned cable, which will run 3,500 miles from the Brazilian city of Fortaleza to Portugal, shows how losses to U.S. technology companies from the NSA disclosures are now crystallizing. India plans second Mars mission in 2018 US official calls Netanyahu chickenshit; Israeli lawmaker calls US a third world country ISIS executes 50 local tribal leaders who had allied with the Iraqi government and were helping to organise antiISIS operations UN condemns Israeli settlement expansion Volkswagen to launch over 20 green vehicle models in China by 2018. China has set a target of putting 5 million green vehicles on roads by 2020 A Syrian army helicopter dropped two barrel bombs on a refugee camp in the northern province of Idlib, residents say, with footage posted on YouTube showing charred and dismembered bodies of women, children and burning tents while people scrambled to save the wounded. Syrian army helicopter drops two barrel bombs in 'massacre' of refugees ISIS Executed 600 Inmates From a Prison Outside Mosul China to Invest $1 Billion in Russian Solar Energy Poland to Shift Thousands of Troops to Eastern Borders Apple unable to use 'iWatch' name due to Irish trademark. Ottawa shooting not terrorism, says (Opposition Leader) Thomas Mulcair Pakistans biggest child pornography ring exposed by journalist. 280 minors were sexually abused and filmed over a decade, the videos were sold for 50 cents each, sometimes to pedophiles in the West over Skype The United States has secured commitments from a dozen countries to accept nearly half of the 52 Guantanamo prisoners already cleared for transfer, U.S. officials said on Friday, as the Obama administration tries to accelerate efforts to close the military prison Hyperinflation looming in Venezuela nearly 82% say they can't afford food Bangladesh blogger killed by machete gang had asked for police protection. Palestinian baby's dad also dies after settler arson attack Oil prices are now near a sixyear low, moving down earlier today to about $44 a barrel Twentyfour submarines that belonged to the former Imperial Japanese Navy have been found at the bottom of the sea near the Goto Islands in Nagasaki Prefecture, the Japan Coast Guard said Friday. Powerful storm hits Taiwan, millions without power, four dead Italy arrested five North African men on Friday on suspicion of multiple homicide and human trafficking in the presumed drowning of more than 200 people, saying they used clubs and knives against migrants. Massive Solar Power Plant Going Up in China, constructing a 10squaremile facility expected to have a capacity of 200 megawatts, enough to supply one million households More than 2,000 believed to have died this year trying to cross into Europe by sea. Israeli Defense Minister hints Israel may assassinate Iranian nuclear scientists. Ya'alon also didn't rule out the possibility that Israel would bomb Iranian nuclear facilities Royal Dutch Shell cuts ties with Alec over rightwing group's climate denial  Shell joins BP in corporate exodus from membership of the conservative, freemarket lobbying group, which continues to deny the science of climate change 'Religious Zionism taking over Israel,' exShin Bet chief warns Canada would have to massively overhaul its Copyright Act just a few years after the last round of painstaking amendments, critics warn, if a secret trade and investment deal the government is negotiating is adopted with the terms outlined in a leaked draft from May that was made public this week. Israeli Justice minister backs death penalty for terrorists who killed Palestinian baby Indian rapper 'overwhelmed' by success of protest song against Unilever Thousands of Ebola Survivors Face Persistent Joint Pain and Other Problems 'Almost quarter of a million people' dead in Syria war Israel destroys Palestinian homes after announcing new settlements ISIL 'kidnaps scores of Christians' in Syria's Homs Germany is facing its hottest temperatures on record, with some in the south exceeding the countrys alltime high of 40.3 C (105F), which was only set last month. Mexican anthropologist Nadia D Vera, murdered along with 3 others in Veracruz Student decapitated by helicopter blade as she approached Peruvian PM Cancerdetecting dogs approved for NHS trial  Animals at specialist charity will undergo evaluation at Milton Keynes hospital after proving 93% effective in detecting odour of prostate tumours. 29 leading U.S. nuclear scientists praise 'unprecedented' Iran deal  In letter to Obama, scientists  among them 5 Nobel laureates  say deal can serve as 'guidepost for future nonproliferation agreements.' Obama Netanyahu only foreign leader I can recall forcibly interfering in US policy Enormous monolith, carved 9350 years ago, found under Mediterranean Sea. Five women accused of witchcraft lynched by India mob  Villagers drag middleaged women from their huts and beat them to death around midnight in eastern Jharkhand state. New Zealand to be coalfree by 2018, 90% renewable by 2025 Israel Cracks Down on Jewish Extremists With New Arrests Whale Shark sawed to pieces at Chinese market whilst still alive. Activists in Uganda have held a gay pride rally, a year since a law requiring homosexuals to be jailed for life was overturned. Germany to ban reentry permits for 94,000 migrants  RT News Ukraine Bans Films Featuring Blacklisted Russian Actors. 14 Russian actors, singers and other cultural figures on the blacklist pose a threat to national security according to Ukraine. Cutting down on working hours could increase UK productivity.Research has found that a focus on shorter working hours and an increase of sleep could help the the UK improve its lack of productivity. Threat of 'lone wolf' attack by radical young Islamists in Ireland surpasses threat from 'republican' terrorism ISIS threatens to kill the Queen during 70th anniversary of VJ Day Eye shape reveals whether an animal is predator or prey, new study shows  A close look at the eyes of 214 types of animal has revealed a relationship between the shape of the pupil and the animals ecological niche. Singapore marks 50 years since independence. The former British colony has transformed itself into one of the world's wealthiest countries but its critics say the rapid development has been accompanied by a strict control on free speech and politics. Thousands of Iraqis braved the scorching summer heat to stage a huge protest in central Baghdad on Friday, calling on the prime minister to dissolve the parliament and sack corrupt government officials.This is the second Friday of protests in Baghdad and across Iraq Ukraine blacklists Russian artists including Frenchborn Gerard Depardieu, whose work will be banned from TV, radio and cinemas U.S. Puts Russian Gas Field Off Limits as Sanctions Tighten Several thousand people marched Saturday through the western German city of Cologne in protest at continued Turkish air strikes against Kurdish separatists Indian Woman Who Was Married Off At Just 11 Months Old Fights Against Child Marriage China Jails Engineer For 12 Years Over 'Tank Man' Hack Norway camp opens four years after mass shooting tragedy Australia's only cassowary rehabilitation centre to close At least 12 people were killed during a nearly 24hour siege of a hotel in central Mali seized by suspected Islamist gunmen that ended on Saturday as security forces stormed the building and released some of the United Nations workers trapped inside. Russia's Lavrov says U.S. must work with Assad to fight Islamic State Iraq is rushing to digitize its national library under the threat of ISIS Zimbabwe bans lion hunting after international outcry Delta bans shipment of lion, leopard, elephant, rhino, buffalo trophies Saudi ministry 'Free expression is an abuse of religious rights' New Study from Finland People would be happier living near a drug rehab center than living near a mosque. After having praised the friendliness of the sport, the president of a bullfighting club was gored by a bull after it jumped out of the ring and attacked him viciously. 8 Eight suitcases full of ivory seized at Zurich airport  Elephant tusks with estimated blackmarket value of about 265,000 were being transported from Tanzania to China via Switzerland. The tusks had been sawed into pieces to fit into the luggage. Russia makes a new claim for the Northpole Stop burning fossil fuels now there is no CO2 'technofix', scientists warn  Researchers have demonstrated that even if a geoengineering solution to CO2 emissions could be found, it wouldnt be enough to save the oceans Airbus patents jet to fly LondonNew York in 1 hour Bitcoin deemed regular currency by Australian Senate Committee It is worse than Hitler, worse than AIDS, cancer or any other epidemic. It is more catastrophic than nuclear holocaust, and it must be stopped. Creator of the list of the banned Indian porn sites Canada, a resource economy, is the only G7 country in a recession United Joins Delta Banning BigGame Trophies After Cecil Killing Obama says no challenge greater threat to U.S. future than climate change A massive gate unearthed in Israel may have marked the entrance to a biblical city that, at its heyday, was the biggest metropolis in the region. G20 countries pay over $1,000 per citizen in fossil fuel subsidies, say IMF Worlds leading economies still paying trillions in subsidies despite pledges to phase them out, new figures show China is demanding that the Obama administration return a wealthy and politically connected businessman who fled to the United States, according to several American officials familiar with the case. Should he seek political asylum, he could become one of the most damaging defectors 7.5 year prison sentence sought for 18 Turkish journalists for reporting on alleged covert arms shipments by the Turkish government into Syria. Isis 'price list' for child slaves confirmed as genuine by UN official Zainab Bangura Women Killed Alongside Mexican Photojournalist Were Tortured & Raped  3 of the 4 women with Ruben Espinosa were assaulted before being shot in the head after an allnight party among friends in a middleclass section of Mexico City Russia calls for international cooperation to fight Islamic State Speed of glacier retreat worldwide 'historically unprecedented', says report. Researchers have recorded rapid rises in meltwater and alarming rates of glacial retreat, which are accelerating at a pace double that of a decade ago. Israeli president flooded with death threats for condemning 'Jewish terror' More than 450 civilians killed in USled airstrikes against the Islamic State China says TPP should be transparent, open Palestinians shield Israeli policewoman from rocks thrown by Jewish extremists Approval for world's biggest coalmine overturned by Australian federal court Frequent spicy meals linked to human longevity  Sevenyear study of adults in China matches regular consumption of spicy foods, such as chilli peppers, to 14% reduced risk of death. India nixes online porn ban following intense public outrage on social media Saudiled coalition invades Yemen with ground forces. Claims of child sex abuse against exBritish PM Edward Heath 'I came to kill Hindus, it's fun doing this,' says captured Pakistani terrorist Naved The proportion of people [in Russia] who think religion does more good than harm to society has slumped from 61% to 36% while the share detecting more harm than good has risen from 5% to 23%. ISIS horror Girls get peddled like petrol barrels, says UN envoy Snowden leaks confirm existence of ECHELON Tony Blair could face trial for 'illegal' Iraq war, suggests Jeremy Corbyn Corbyn, the Labour leadership frontrunner, claims Chilcot report may lead to consequences for former PM over decisions made during 2003 invasion While other airlines ban hunting trophy shipments, UPS says it wont bow to controversy Islamic State sex slave price list authentic, $165 for a child  UN ISIS has threatened to kill a Croatian hostage if Egypt does not meet its demands in 48 hours Bonobos Apes Found To Communicate Verbally Much Like that of Human Babies Israel jails Jewish extremist for 6 months without trial. German justice minister demands sacking of chief prosecutor over treason investigation into two journalists. Anticorruption protests have gripped Honduras and Guatemala in recent weeks.Thousands have been taking to the streets weekly for three months now to demand an end to impunity, and there are no signs that the demonstrations will soon die down. Israeli archaeologists say they are trying to decode ancient inscriptions written in Hebrew script discovered at a dig in Jerusalem. The writing was found on the walls of a room containing the remains of a Jewish ritual bath, or mikveh, believed to be about 2,000 years old. Bomb scare at University of Oslo, Guard shot  Police cordoned off a large area of the campus Wednesday morning and called in specialists to examine an object feared to be a bomb. The major operation was unfolding after a security guard was shot in the same area during the night Israel jails suspected Jewish militant without trial Russia, Putin Held in Low Regard around the World Outside its own borders, neither Russia nor its president, Vladimir Putin, receives much respect or support Catholic bishop in death to gays storm  Vitus Huonder, the controversial Catholic bishop of Chur in eastern Switzerland, has once again attracted criticism for quoting homophobic Bible passages including Leviticus 2013, which calls for homosexuals to be executed China appeals for U.S. help to fight Islamic militants in Xinjiang iTunes is illegal under UK copyright law  The Intellectual Property Office today explains that ripping a CD in iTunes is no longer permitted, and neither is backing up your computer if it contains copyrighted content. Turkish couple feed 4,000 Syrian refugees on wedding day instead of wedding TPP Copyright Chapter Leaks Website Blocking, New Criminal Rules On the Way Debris found from Reunion Island confirmed to be from MH370 Sea animals are dying off in massive numbers along the Pacific Coastline from Baja, Mexico all the way to Alaska.A combination of manmade and natural causes are killing off bottlenose dolphins, sardines, sea birds, plankton, krill, salmon, sea lions, starfish, and brown pelicans in record numbers. Indian oncologists want cannabis legalised to help fight cancer Canada Changed Its Election Rules So It Could Negotiate the TPP Russia marks 1 year of sanctions by destroying Western food  despite 250,000 signatures on a petition to donate that food to the poor. The lower supply of food also serves to drive consumer prices up, pushing more citizens below the poverty line. Rejecting Iran nuclear deal is a vote for war, Obama says Pharmaceutical firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been accused by the UK's competition watchdog of charging excessive and unfair prices for an antiepilepsy drug. China willing to work with US to contribute to world peace, stability.China is ready to step up cooperation with the United States in the fields of investment, military, climate change, finance, economy and trade, energy, hunt of corrupt officials, justice and public health. Australian spy agency says a junior Defence staffer allegedly took home a secret intelligence report and posted it on 4Chan Pope Francis says even after divorce, you can remain in the church Norway feared terrorism in Oslo after security guard claimed he was shot and a suspected bomb was found at University of Oslo. Now the security guard admits that he was behind the shooting and the fake bomb himself. Windfarm 'wing nuts' Public health expert takes aim at activists. Infrasound generated by mere walking has been shown to be louder than the noise of wind turbines ... I assume your committee is not concerned about walking noise health impacts? Nasa says Congress cuts mean $490m is needed to buy rides on Russian rockets More Dutch cities may join in 'basic income' experiment You taught our students, so we are releasing you Islamic State to Indians abducted in Libya Survey suggests strong popular support for Jewfree Romania British truck driver radios international space station from garden shed Loss of world's rarest ape charted  Decline of the Hainan gibbon  worlds rarest primate  has been revealed by a trawl through historical Chinese documents. There are only 2628 left in the wild. Old govt documents helping reveal when & how the numbers fell. Scientists in Iran clone endangered mouflon  born to domestic sheep Poaching has driven the Isfahan mouflon close to extinction in Iran, where scientists are hailing the rare successful example of interspecies cloning. Hamas warns of new violence unless Israel lifts blockade Newfoundland and Labrador eliminates student loans MH370 Debris Of Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 'Was Faked' Claim Relatives Of Victims Brazilian radio host famous for exposing corruption in his city murdered while broadcasting live on the air by two gunmen. John Kerry Vietnam war was result of 'profound failure of diplomatic insight'.Im reminded of conversations Ive had recently with people who talk almost casually about the prospect of war with one country or another. Im tempted to say You dont have the first idea of what youre talking about Al Qaeda blow up 700 year old mosque in Yemen Bangladesh blogger Niloy Neel hacked to death, 4th blogger to get killed in recent months. North Korea to push back its standard time by 30 minutes, calls it 'Pyongyang time' Man jailed for 30 years in Thailand for insulting the monarchy on Facebook. Tens of thousands of Russians have joined a protest petition to President Vladimir Putin after vast quantities of foreign food are bulldozed, buried, or burned. For the past year, Russia has banned most fresh produce from countries imposing economic sanctions against Russia over Crimea. Canada Proposes A Ban On Tiny Plastic Microbeads, Citing Environmental & Health Concerns Archaeologists have discovered a mysterious Stonehengestyle monolith in the deep sea off the coast of Sicily, shedding new light on the earliest civilizations in the Mediterranean basin. Its features leave no doubt that the monolith was manmade some 10,000 years ago. British VIP Pedophile Scandal Nationwide police corruption inquiry is looking into alleged witness tampering to stop child abuse claims, including against a former Tory Prime Minister Russia hacks Pentagon computers An amateur radio enthusiast managed to get a quick chat with the International Space Station (ISS) after a month of trying to get through from his shed Palestinian religious leaders  both Muslims and Christians  signed a declaration stating that Jews have no right to enter the Temple Mount at a press conference in east Jerusalem on Wednesday. New Zealand Made Trolling Illegal Last Month  Law states that anyone who causes harm by posting digital communication, a.k.a. trolling, is liable to conviction & could face up to 2 yrs in prison & be subject to $50,000 NZD ($32,570 USD) in fines. Nuclear test refugees from Bikini atoll in the Marshall Islands are now fleeing the effects of climate change as their second home, Kili Island, is suffering from sea level rise. Appealing to the US for financial help with relocation. Swiss find remains of 2 Japanese climbers missing since 1970 Yazidi Child Soldiers Take Revenge on ISIS El Nio Conditions Are Growing Stronger Russian whistleblower may have been victim of 'reprisal killing', court hears  Alexander Perepilichnyy was found dead outside his home in Surrey in 2012. In May it emerged he may have ingested a deadly plant poison. Senior Russian Official praises the proposal of import restrictions on condoms, stating they have nothing to do with health and suggesting it would make people more disciplined More than 240,000 people, including 12,000 children, have been killed in Syria's conflict which broke out in March 2011. Sky News' Live Stream Shut Down By Fox News DMCA Notice  The official live stream of Sky News has been pulled from YouTube after a copyright complaint from competing news outlet Fox News. Lord Janner told to attend court over child abuse charges Its common knowledge that some frogs secrete toxins from special glands in their skin. But according to a paper published today in Current Biology, an international team of researchers report for the first time ever that two frog species are actually venomous. South China Sea dispute John Kerry says US will not accept restrictions on movements in the sea TPP Delegates Fail to Reach Final Deal Trade Minister Andrew Robb confirms Australia will not sign TransPacific Partnership deal A fleet of at least 30 fishing trawlers crewed by slaves is being hunted off the coast of Papua New Guinea as the true extent becomes apparent of the trafficking of Burmese men by a massive Thairun criminal syndicate operating throughout the East Indies. Three Girls Steal $3,300 from ISIS. Iran has confirmed that a meteor has hit somewhere in the northern part of the country. WikiLeaks publishes Target Tokyo, 35 Top Secret NSA targets in Japan including the Japanese cabinet and Japanese companies such as Mitsubishi Legal challenge to be lodged surrounding TPP | A legal challenge will be lodged in the New Zealand's High Court next week over the secrecy around the Trans Pacific Partnership negotiations Child Marriages Form 15% of All Marriages in Egypt Japan arrests MtGox Bitcoin head over missing $387m Cables show Hillary Clinton's State Department heavily involved in TPP negotiations. Sex workers around the world aren't taking lightly to a celebrity campaign against decriminalizing prostitution. Temperatures soar into the 50s in Middle East, feels like it's in the 70s in some parts. Cecil the Lion's cubs to likely survive, protected by Cecil's brother, Jericho who may have fathered some himself. Migrants trying to sail from Turkey to Greece are increasingly reporting being attacked by gunmen trying to prevent them from reaching Europe. TPP negotiations threaten to forcibly commercialise stateowned bodies | The ABC, SBS and Australia Post could lose special regulatory treatment under trade measures being pushed for by the US Two journalists at the prominent German news website Netzpolitik are under investigation for treason after publishing details about the planned expansion of the German Secret Services Internet surveillance program Now that Iran has agreed to curb its nuclear program, Foreign Minister Javad Zarif says its time for Israel to follow suit and abandon its longrumored nuclear arsenal. Disneyland Paris probed for charging Brits and Germans more than the French Jerusalem gay pride attack suspect lashes out in court Eight slaves rescued from impounded Thaiowned cargo ship in Papua New Guinea Windows 10 Microsoft faces criticism over privacy Saudi Arabia Asks To Be Dropped From 9/11 Lawsuits Russia 'may ban gay emojis' under 'propaganda' law Secret NSA Map Shows China Cyber Attacks on U.S. Targets | A secret NSA map obtained exclusively by NBC News shows the Chinese government's massive cyber assault on all sectors of the U.S economy, including major firms like Google and Lockheed Martin, as well as the U.S. government and military. Talks on a Pacific Rim freetrade pact are unlikely to end in a final deal, sources involved in the talks said on Friday, with a dispute between Japan and the United States over autos, New Zealand digging in over trade in dairy products and no agreement on monopoly periods for nextgeneration drugs I drank the water & ate the fish. We all did. The acid has damaged me permanently  In villages near Africas biggest copper mine, you can taste pollution. Legal battle against metals giant Vedanta/KCM reaches London. A 16yearold girl who was stabbed during Jerusalems Gay Pride Parade on Thursday died Sunday after succumbing to her wounds, hospital officials said. After recent death, only 4 Northern White Rhinos Remain. 1 Male and 3 Females. The male is 41 years old and has a low sperm count. Cecil's brother Jericho 'alive and well,' says researcher, after reports lion was killed Distillers in China added Viagra to thousands of bottles of spirits and told customers it had healthpreserving qualities, food safety officials say. Uproar as India 'bans' porn sites Thousands of Israelis rallied Saturday night in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem against incitement and violence, following attacks by Jewish extremists targeting Palestinians and homosexuals Australian speaker of the house, Bronwyn Bishop, forced to resign after a lengthy expenses scandal. 'Heat Dome' In Iran Sees Heat Index Of 165 Fahrenheit, Nearing World Record 800 top athletes suspected of doping Israeli President Rivlin receives death threats from Jewish extremists following his plea for peace in light of Palestinian baby's murder An Australian coal mine that was bought for $624 million three years ago has just been sold for $1 Two Turkish security troops killed and 24 wounded in suicide attack by Kurdish PKK militants  governor's office Africa wealth report 2015 rich get richer even as poverty and inequality deepen China to expand medical insurance in bid to reform healthcare | President Xi Jinpings government unveils latest step in plan to deliver universal affordable treatment to population of 1.4 billion people Hackers find vulnerabilities in Industrial Ethernet Switches used in hydroelectric dams, nuclear power plants Brazils resettlement of farmers has driven Amazon deforestation  Over 1 million people given land to farm in the Amazon since 1970s. Turns out, govt still organizing largescale migration of farmers who've been wrecking the rainforest. Calais migrant crisis UK and France urge EU action Media coverage of terrorism leads to further violence Puerto Rico will default Canada election 2015 Stephen Harper confirms start of 11week federal campaign  Politics ISIS offshoot leader killed in shootout with Egyptian armed forces Volcano in Papua New Guinea Fires Off a 12MileHigh Plume Thousands of civilians in South Sudan's Upper Nile state face starvation after the government blocked aid groups from using the Nile River to deliver relief food. Syrian Kurds Accuse Turkey Of Attacks, Ask U.S. For Explanation 'Ultimate Frisbee' recognised by International Olympic Committee Israel approves use of harsher measures against 'Jewish terrorists' 2000 year old termite mounds in Africa confirm that insects can sustain a millennia in the same home Photojournalist found dead in Mexico City after he fled harassment in his home state Veracruz, where 11 journalists have been killed there since 2010 Japanese Heat Wave Kills Six, Leaves Over 3,000 Hospitalized  A heat wave in Japan caused the deaths of six people over the weekend, almost 40 Japanese nationals were killed by heatstroke since June. Colombia aims to buy land from private owners and redistribute it among the poor after its 50yearold war ends, the government said Sunday, addressing the root cause of the conflict.The conflict has left more than 200,000 dead and forced some six million people from their homes. Canadian PM Stephen Harper dissolves Parliament, calls general election for October 19 Nigeria's military has rescued 71 girls and women in firefights that killed several Boko Haram fighters Former City trader Tom Hayes has been found guilty at a London court of rigging global Libor interest rates. ExBritish prime minister named in child sex abuse investigation Drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline , which was fined a record 3 billion yuan ($483 million) for corruption in China last year and is examining possible staff misconduct elsewhere, faces new allegations of bribery in Romania. Indonesian foundation defends awarding Kim Jongun peace prize Illegal immigrants to UK face eviction without court order under new plans  Landlords who fail to check tenants immigration status face fiveyear jail terms as part of government crackdown to reduce UKs appeal as a migrant destination Landlords who fail to evict migrants who do not have the right to live in Britain could be jailed for up to five years under measures to be included in the Immigration Bill. Japan calls US spying allegations 'deeply regrettable' Saudi king cuts short controversial holiday in France  BBC News AlQaeda Militants Accuse Islamic State Of Being A Con Healthy British nurse ends her life in a Swiss clinic because of fear of getting old Dutch crane collapse demolishes houses, injuring at least 20. Vladimir Putin's Deputy Prime Minister owns a secret 12million apartment just a short walk from Downing Street Venezuela supermarket looting leaves one dead, dozens detained Greek stocks plunge, banks hammered, after fiveweek crisis shut down  Reuters Clinton mails reveal US impression that UK PM David Cameron was 'unsure, inexperienced, oblique, and largely uncommitted' while London Mayor Boris Johnson was 'clown prince' Danish architecture firm BIG has a plan to turn four 300foot smokestacks atop London's Battersea Power Station into the world's tallest Tesla coils Two alleged 'IS' returnees to Germany go on trial Putin says US should present Syria chemical weapons evidence to UN Security Council Syrias largest city just dropped off the Internet UK Asked New York Times To Destroy Edward Snowden Documents; NY Times Ignored Request China confirms plans for first Moon visit later this year Russian President Vladimir Putin has declared 'utter nonsense' the idea that the Syrian government has used chemical weapons on its own people and called on the US to present its supposed evidence to the UN Security Council RT.com partially banned by Reddit  RT Answers Back. NATO will not be part of Syria attack Latest Snowden leak reveals, US hit 231 cyberattacks against Russia, Iran, and China Kerry Syrian chemical attack killed 1,400 people. Read Full Report Obama Officially Pins the Blame Of Chemical Weapons Attack On Assad Officer in the Syrian army claims that thirteen pilots have signed a pledge to serve as kamikaze pilots against Western aircraft. Also claims that there 8,000 total 'suicide martyrs' at the ready, and that I myself am ready to blow myself up against US aircraft carriers. Gays attacked in their own homes as Jamaica hits record levels of violence Most French people do not want France to take part in military action on Syria and most do not trust French President Francois Hollande to do so, a poll showed on Saturday. The government of India will soon ask all its employees to stop using Google's Gmail for official communication 'Black Jesus' murder Leader of 6,000strong cannibal rape cult hacked to death by villagers in Papua New Guinea jungle after killing yet again  Stephen Tari called himself 'the true Christ' and had previously been accused of raping, murdering and eating young girls Why Fukushima is much worse than everyone thinks Syria suggest that it has ways of defending itself that will 'surprise everybody'.  We will defend ourselves using all means available. I don't want to say more than that. Russia's President Vladimir Putin dismisses US claims that Syria's regime used chemical weapons as utter nonsense. Majority of French oppose Syria intervention Experts Fear That U.S. Plan to Strike Syria Overlooks Risks. Our biggest problem is ignorance; were pretty ignorant about Syria, said Ryan C. Crocker, a former ambassador to Syria and Lebanon. Russian Aircraft Carrier Admiral Kuznetsov To Be Sent To Syrias Tartus University of Alberta nanotech discovery would make solar panels cheaper, lighter According to documents leaked by Edward Snowden, U.S. spy agencies mounted 231 offensive cyberoperations in 2011. Growing Bipartisan Coalition Urges Obama to Seek Congressional Authorization for Syrian Strike 7.0 earthquake strikes just south of Alaska's Aleutian David Cameron loses Syria vote in Commons Documents leaked by Edward Snowden to the Washington Post show that DNA analysis on the corpse of Bin Laden were done that confirm his identity.The Pentagon denied more than a year ago it had any records of these tests in a response to a Freedom of Information Act request. The last time a British prime minister was defeated by the Commons on a war motion was 1782 when MPs refused to go on fighting  of all people  the restless Americans wishing for independence. The Russian news site RT.com has been banned from the popular Reddit forum r/news for spamming and vote manipulation. Unprecedented 'black budget' leak reveals the scope of $52 billion US spy complex. Canada will not join the U.S. and U.K. in a military attack. Edward Snowden awarded with German whistleblower prize Britain's Cameron I don't need to apologize to Obama over Syria defeat U.K. Prime Minister said on Friday he regretted the failure of the British parliament to support military action in Syria but that he hoped President Barack Obama would understand the need to listen to the wishes of the people Snowden reveals US intelligences black budget $52.6 billion on secret programs 'Napalm' bomb dropped on school in Syria, leaving scores of children with burns over their bodies While BBC hasn't reported the number, 50,000 military troops have been dispatched throughout Colombia to put an end to the national protests. Al Jazeera It's time for a UNimposed ceasefire in Syria Leaked documents reveal US sees Israel as a major spying threat China warns U.S. against attack on Syria U.S. military officers have deep doubts about impact, wisdom of a U.S. strike on Syria Archbishop of Canterbury Christians must repent for their homophobia France Backs U.S. on Syria Action France says ready to punish Syria despite British no vote All the options are on the table. France wants action that is in proportion and firm against the Damascus regime Emotional Syrian letter to Britain stresses that they are fathers and mothers with families not so different from yours, and a war will plunge secular Syria into sectarian violence Australians told to leave Syria now Poet Seamus Heaney dies aged 74 The Fukushima Nightmare No End in Sight After underground pools leaked, TEPCO has hastily built around 1,000 surface storage tanks. Several are leaking from joints sealed with plastic Finland's government announced a longterm plan to start scaling back its welfare system, one of the most generous in the world, aiming to preserve its tripleA credit rating in the face of a slower economy and aging population. Why is every media outlet now questioning Britain's status in the world because our House voted against an American military intervention? Irish poet Seamus Heaney dies The Taliban called on the US Congress on Sunday to send
a factfinding mission to Afghanistan to investigate what
they called the lies and propaganda spread by American
military chiefs to prolong the war. Now Sweden accuses U.S. embassy of spying 
Sweden joins Norway in alleging embassy spied on its citizens. Israeli newspaper exposes how gov't helps E. Jerusalem settlements Suu Kyi too hot for Asia's most brutal regime to handle Journalist brutally beaten in central Moscow, has his fingers smashed 18 bodies in mass grave are those of kidnapped travellers, Mexican officials say A member of the farright Swedish Democrats has embarrassed his fellow politicians by by going off on a racist rant in a pub while visiting Iceland. World renowned Chinese artist Ai Weiwei put under house arrest  Western focus on HIV prevents us from curing a billion people Google's explanation on the boundary between Costa Rica and Nicaragua, and the faulty Google map that led to the brief accidental Nicaraguan invasion of Costa Rica last week. Sudan Deliberately Starving NonArab Refugees... High enriched uranium which could be used to make a nuclear bomb is on sale on the black market along the fringes of the former Soviet Union, according to evidence emerging from a secret trial in Georgia. Swedes in shock at King Carl Gustaf sex scandal  Strip clubs, illegal clubs, rented ladies who are naked under their fur coats. Women were simply desserts, used as sweets to be served with the coffee, wrote Katrine Kielos in the daily Aftonbladet newspaper. Feelgood story of the day  Chilean miner crosses finish line at NYC Marathon 413 Afghan parliamentary candidates charged with election fraud  The Moral Hazards of Humanitarian Aid What Is to Be Done?  Journalists too uncritical of aid agencies. They should treat them sceptically, scrutinise consequences of their work, just as they do when dealing with politicians, corporations, interest groups 'Sexual predators' Gang of Asian men weep as they are jailed for total of 32 years for abusing white girls as young as 12 Aung San Suu Kyi to be released days after Burmese election | World news | The Guardian Press freedom in Iraq takes a step backward US 'has no better friend' than Australia NATO to keep nuclear weapons  NATO leaders are unlikely to agree to reduce the defense organizations tactical nuclear stockpiles when they meet later this month, defense officials said Saturday. Korean Banksy draws a rat on a G20 Summit promotion poster. A government official says he is defaming the global event, issuing an arrest warrant, which is later rejected by the court. Vladimir Putin's latest stunt  driving an F1 race car.  What's next? Will he pop up to the International Space Station for vodka and caviar? Voting under way in Myanmar  Polling stations open in country's first elections in 20 years with odds heavily stacked against opposition parties. Elections in Burma officials outnumber voters at some polling stations EU proposes online right 'to be forgotten'  Websites could be compelled to delete all data held on users at their request, if new European laws come into force. Spain's gays and lesbians to stage 'kissin' in front of Barcelona's cathedral on Sunday, during pope's visit Renowned scholar Noam Chomsky says U.S. invasion of Afghanistan was illegal since to date there is no evidence that alQaeda has carried out the 9/11 attacks. British Election Overturned Because of False Statements The Independent reports that former British immigration minister Phil Woolas lost his seat as an MP today after an election court ruled that he knowingly made false statements about an opponent in May's general election.  Haiti Today  amazing Big Picture photo spread  boston.com US Federal Reserve stokes global currency war. Brazilian presidentelect The last time there was a series of competitive devaluations... it ended in World War Two. Russia Proposes Stopping Daylight Saving Time  Does Britain really need the military?  Our defence spending is misdirected and extravagantly out of date. To guard me from unreal foreign attack the government spends 45bn, but to guard my home and hearth from crime it spends just 6.4bn Over 600 women and girls recently raped along the CongoAngola border during a mass expulsion of illegal immigrants. UN calls Congo the worst place in the world for sexual violence, and even the presence of international peacekeepers has not been able to stop it Let them eat cheese Irish government hands out block of cheddar to every family  Yemen wants USborn cleric Anwar alAwlaki captured, dead or alive... the same Anwar alAwlaki who dined at the Pentagon months after 9/11. Berlusconi government to outlaw street prostitution Opposition critics, Senator Donatella Poretti of the Italian Radicals says, if it weren't so terribly serious, you'd die laughing.  Reputed Drug Kingpin Killed In Mexico Shootout North Korea gets a new PDA.  (seriously) WikiLeaks defectors working on alternative whistleblower site Impunity and Israel the UK will quickly amend a law that has allowed requests for arrest warrants against visiting Israeli officials over alleged war crimes. Chinas Taoism Revival  Chinese religious revival under way, tolerated uneasily by government. Buddhism for middle class, Islam for minorities, Christianity for yuppiesand huge rural boom in Taoism, which mixes religion and philosophy Remember the Chinese artist who wanted to hold a party to mark the destruction of his Shanghai studio? He has been placed under house arrest by the authorities.  Warrant out for Mandela husband  Nelson Mandela's soninlaw is a fugitive from justice  evading arrest on a rape charge while rubbing shoulders with Hollywood actors and producing movies such as The BangBang Club and Leon Schuster's Schuks Tshabalala. The CIA can neither confirm nor deny the 
existence or nonexistence of records responsive to 
your request [of copies of all records of plans to 
assassinate Julian Assange] Emergency crews on Friday recovered the charred remains of the victims of Cuba's worst plane crash in two decades in which all 68 people on board were killed Malaysia The minimum wage farce Surviving Floods, Droughts, and Poachers' Bullets to Save the Elephants | Beautiful Photos Gas avalanche incinerates villagers after volcano blast  Villagers Defend Kosovar Refugee A Roma Teen's Fight to Stay in Germany The passenger in question was observed at the beginning of the flight to be an elderly Caucasian male who appeared to have young looking hands. During the flight the subject attended the washroom and emerged an Asian looking male that appeared to be in his early 20s. A statue of the Virgin Mary started weeping in an outdoor shrine in Windsor, Ontario. A crowd gathered. The locals got annoyed. The city fathers ordered the statue's removal because it didn't have a permit. I fucking love Canada.  The Kalahari Bushmen, who have lived in Southern Africa for more than 20,000 years, are now being starved off their land to make way for lucrative diamond extraction by Botswana government which partly owns diamond retailer De Beers! Secret British military video of interrogation techniques in Iraq submitted during high court proceedings shows a prisoner threatened, intimidated, subjected to sensory deprivation and complaining of starvation (Warning some viewers may find material disturbing) America, you're not the only ones at it. Interrogation techniques at 'Britain's Abu Ghraib' revealed. China is reported to have written to EU embassies in Oslo, urging them not to take part in the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony for the Chinese dissident Liu Xiabo on Dec. 10, but Denmarks ambassador says he will be attending. Cleaning blood from the floor of a mosque Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for mosque strike [PIC] China warns Western countries Stay away from the Nobel ceremony, or else...  China 'concerned' over YouTube video  Tokyo probes Senkaku ship collision upload Explorer who discovered the worlds biggest copper deposit in Chile stakes claim in Paraguay to what he says may be the worlds largest titanium find  an area the size of London WikiLeaks founder says may seek Swiss asylum WTF? In Hungary, a midwife faces five years in Hungarian prison for championing home births Plane with 68 onboard crashes in Cuba, no survivors reported Margot Wallstrm, U.N.'s Special Rep on Sexual Violence in Conflict I want to say we cannot and should not accept [sexual violence in war and conflict as collateral damage]. Sexual violence in .. is criminal. No other human rights violation is routinely dismissed as inevitable. A bomb went off at a mosque during Friday prayers in Pakistan's northwest, killing at least 50 people and trapping others under debris after the roof collapsed. Death toll rises to 122 as Indonesia volcano torches villages We're totally overwhelmed here!  Russia's military reform leaves officers behind No news today  the BBC are on strike The name of my complex is Merapi View. Weve got a view all right. And a soundtrack. Top 5 countries to live in Norway, Australia, New Zealand, United States, Ireland  says the UN Human Development Report 2010 Saudi King gets number 3 on Forbes Most Powerful People list  one spot behind Barack Obama, and one spot ahead of Vladimir Putin Iraqis claim torture by UK soldiers  There are credible allegations of serious, inhumane practices across a whole range of dates and facilities concerning British military detention in Iraq, Michael Fordham, representing the Iraqi group. Second Qantas jet returns to Singapore after engine trouble.  WTF, this is the same engine from the same company from the same airport.  Something is going on. Food & Water Europe report says GE salmon will not feed the world The company producing this [transgenic] fish.. is the only one who will be profiting from it, despite misleading claims that this product could be a means to feed growing populations around the world. Anger as Irish Govt plans handouts of cheddar to the poor. Agriculture minister says it's a means of contributing towards the wellbeing of the most deprived citizens.. Canadian couple wins $11.2 million jackpot and gives away the entire thing.  Nearly 100 Toronto police officers will be disciplined for removing their badge numbers or name tags at the G20 summit A court in Vinnytsya, Ukraine, ordered a trade union activist to undergo a forced psychiatric examination after prosecutors argued that he has an excessive awareness of his own and others' rights and an uncontrollable readiness to defend these rights in unrealistic ways. Out of a Dan Brown novel A mysterious organisation offers to pay off 5 billion British debt. WikiLeaks founder urges US to investigate alleged abuse by its troops, as US faces UN grilling over human rights record Senkaku Footage Leaked on to Internet Shows Chinese Trawler Ramming Japanese Patrol Boat ACAPULCOIn another grisly turn in Mexico's drug war, police have recovered 18 bodies from a mass grave . . . the victims were from a tourist group kidnapped in Acapulco a month ago The next human to plant a foot on the moon's surface is most likely to be Chinese or Indian  and that small step could happen as soon as 2020 Two gangraped nurses expelled from hostel in Pakistan  A hospital probe committee has decided to expel from the hostel two trainee nurses who were gangraped in this Pakistani city. The reason The victims violated the rules. Qantas plane (A380) makes emergency landing in Singapore  explosion reported Burma hit by massive online attack ahead of its first election in 20 years.  Lonely carnage abounds in Japan's 'suicide forest'  CNN.com 20 tons of pot seized in an underground tunnel in California! Sundays election could legitimize Burmas military rulers, but why?  It was Burmas army, which gangraped their women and forced their men into slavery. Poor Haiti can't catch a break. Potential hurricane heads their way as millions still live in tents. Airbus A380 plane landed in Singapore with smoke coming out of its underside after and reported midair air explosion. Albino candidate overcomes prejudice  Tanzania's first elected albino MP said yesterday the result was a breakthrough for albinos in the east African country, where scores have been murdered for their body parts to be used in sorcery. BBC News  Haiti cholera deaths rise sharply Colossus the giant Gazan prison  The blockade imposed on Gaza is a powerful psychological device aimed at wringing concessions from Gazans and Hamas. Zweimal Hitler bitte   We feel the absence of Germany's shoulder at the European wheel  Singapore convicts author of death penalty book Why Do Christians Remain Silent About the Persecution of Christians in MuslimMajority Societies? Why Do Feminists Remain Silent About the Persecution of Women in MuslimMajority Societies? Mass grave found in Mexico Bodies of at least 18 people found in grave close to city of Acapulco, after 20 men were reported missing in September. Iran Tightens Security as Subsidy Cuts Loom  China Report exposes Foxconns oppressive work regime. A report on conditions inside the Chinese factories of giant electronics manufacturer Foxconn has provided graphic details of the exploitation facing young employees. Why is Shoppers Drug Mart pulling 3,500 copies of Adbusters, my magazine, off its shelves? A week ago, in the National Post, the Canadian Jewish Congress (CJC) accused Adbusters of antiSemitism for publishing sidebyside photographs of the Gaza and Warsaw ghettos... A Piece Of Their Mind  Fouryearold conjoined twins Tatiana and Krista from Vernon BC, share not just a skull but part of their brains. One will look at a toy. The other can reach across and grab it, even though her own eyes couldnt possibly see it Did a shadowy organisation just offer to buy the British government? It's all on official record... The American government is illegally running surveillance of Norwegian citizens   Canadian poker pro Terrence Chan [I am] done with America  turned back at the border twice. Just wanted to complete in the nogi World Championships in Long Beach, train some jiujitsu and some muay thai... YouTube begins removing alQaeda videos Globalisation is unravelling before our eyes. 10YearOld Gives Birth in Southern Spain Greece Suspends Outgoing Airmail After Wave of Bombs Khodorkovsky gives his verdict  SOME words become history years after being spoken. Others carry historic weight as soon as they are uttered. The last words spoken today by Mikhail Khodorkovsky, as his 18month trial drew to a close, belong to the second category. Rivers run dry as drought hits Amazon The diary of German author Ernst Jnger, has been published for the first time. Its dispassionate description of life and death on the Western Front is a cold indictment of war  even though Jnger embraced the conflict throughout as a glorious test of manhood Inner Mongolia was once one of the poorest areas of China. Not anymore. The Inner Mongolian city of Ordos now has the highest per capita GDP of any city in China. This ragstoriches story has come to symbolize the rapid development of a nation as a whole. But it's come with some growing pains.  Lada's Theme  blogpost from documentary maker behind The Power Of Nightmares, this time focusing on Lada cars and the rise of Boris Berezovsky. It couldn't happen here, could it? The Consequence of Oil South African doctors fear for their lives Suspected al Qaeda militants blew up the oil pipeline in
south Yemen, the day Sanaa launched a major operation
to arrest a Saudi bombmaker accused of being behind a
foiled bomb plot involving U.S.bound parcels. Israel halts 'dialogue' with UK over war crimes law Ministry of Sound Forced To Suspend FileSharing Shakedown BBC News  Indonesia volcano Mount Merapi in new eruption Oklahoma voters ban judges from using Islamic law when deciding cases. Muslim community calls it an attack on Islam, prepares to sue Turkey reinstates YouTube ban days after lifting it Tamil refugee `Why I fled to Australia' Around the world, concern over the global impact of U.S. elections Somalia vows to release child soldiers in army Paris girl survives sixstorey fall unharmed  bounces off cafe awning into arms of passing doctor. Germany bans electronic voting machines. Germany has joined 11 U.S. states, the Netherlands, and other countries which have banned electronic voting of one form or another.CIA expert Electronic voting not secure. In Western Saraha, more than 20,000 Sahrawis have left the cities in a mass protest of Moroccan occupation. Moroccan forces have now blockaded the protest camps barring food, water, medicine and movement, effectively turning them into concentration camps. Israel's Deputy Prime Minister was forced to cancel a trip to London in order to avoid a lawsuit related to his role in the Israeli attack on the Gaza Aid Flotilla. Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi claims Better to be passionate about girls than be gay An Iranian woman whose sentence of execution by stoning for adultery provoked a worldwide outcry will instead be hanged for murder on Wednesday Talk to Me Like I'm Stupid Sharia Law in the UK What the French are protesting is Sarkozy's corrupt, antilabor, antidemocracy government North Korea has offered to give samples from its torpedoes to refute claims made by the US and other countries that the rogue communist nation sank the USS Cheonan. Britain and France sign historic 50year defence 
agreement The Justinian Plague, which killed between 4050% of the population of Eastern Roman Empire, which in turn allowed for the Arab take over of the Byzantine provinces, has been found, by geneticists, to have originated in China. Afghan Police Unit Defects to Taliban  Malalai Joya, Afghan female member of parliament who had the courage to publicly denounce the presence of warlords in the Afghan government, now says that for Afghans, Obama is a second Bush. Angela Merkel  Germany Has a Duty to Reduce Massive Debt  Kindle bypasses the Great Firewall  perfect for gaining access to blocked sites for Chinese buyers Rape in Iran's prisons the cruellest torture  Telegraph New easier to pronounce Icelandic volcano may be preparing to erupt.  UK and France agree to joint development and testing of nuclear warheads Virus breakthrough raises hope over ending common cold Saudi journalist to be lashed in public  
Reporter accused of instigating protests at government power company In Indonesia a new law has been passed that
stipulates all babies should be exclusively
breastfed for the first six months of life. From
early next year, anyone who stands in the way
of this will be fined up to 100m rupiah (7,000;
$11,000) and sentenced to up to a year in prison. La Violencia  more on Mexico's drug wars, this time a book extract, always enthralling. My sons had become part of it all, they were among people who would laugh while cutting someones fingers off Japan recalls ambassador over Russia island row Bradistan | British Pakistani writer remembers her childhood in Bradford, northern England. It was obvious that we were here to stay. But that didn't mean here to integrate.  Germany Envio workers contaminated with both PCB and dioxin. The Dortmund pollution scandal has intensified with new evidence of dioxin contamination, as well as the Envio firms business transactions with criminal elements in Kazakhstan. Australian man saves woman from an attacking Great White by grabbing its tail. As the girl started to sink to the bottom, he grabbed her and brought her to the surface and on board the boat The Danish Peoples Party is looking to ban alJazeera and alArabiya. Experts says other stations are worse. Israel's Labour party threatens to leave coalition  A senior Labour Cabinet minister has insisted that his party will leave Benjamin Netanyahu's coalition government unless the Prime Minister takes the steps necessary to resume direct peace talks with the Palestinians.  Surrey woman jailed for false rape claim Study Alcohol 'most harmful drug,' followed by crack and heroin  CNN.com The loneliest shop in the world  Mulka Store, in Australian outback. Only shop in 70,000 square miles. Run by expoliceman turned anthropologist. Fine stock of medieval armour. Best selection of duelling pistols outside Europe Internet users in China will soon be required to reveal their identities before they surf the web.  Exterminate Iraqi Christians 52 hostages and police were killed when security forces raided a Baghdad church to free more than 100 Iraqi Catholics held by alQaida Baghdad Catholic Massacre Death Toll Reaches 58 (Photos / Video) 2,000 rally in Moscow, demand freedom of assembly UK Gov to force ISPs to police content Israeli soldier jailed over Palestinian prisoner photo Cluster bomb ban begins to work with stockpiles already being destroyed. Just how bad is the Conservative government in Canada  A federal agency that oversees scientific research in polar areas, including work on climate change, has been left leaderless for more than two years by the Harper government. Sex abuse victims march in Rome ForeignFunded U.S. Chamber Of Commerce 
Advocates For Weakening Law Against Bribing 
Foreign Governments 'Jesus had HIV' sermon sparks South African fury How California's Pot Proposition is Agitating Latin America  TIME How digital technology gets the news out of North Korea Canada's Omar Khadr has been sentenced to 40 years behind bars for his war crimes, but will be free in eight because of a plea deal. Mujercito the Cat Leads Chilean Internet Revolution Evacuees cringed and fled for cover Monday as an erupting volcano  one of 22 showing increased activity in Indonesia  let loose booming explosions of hot gas and debris in its most powerful blast in a deadly week Intelligence that helped cracked the ink bomb plot may have come from a leading member of alQaeda in the Arabian Peninsular who turned himself in. HRW The Kimberley Process should not allow the export of further shipments of diamonds from Marange until there is meaningful progress to end smuggling and abuses by the army. Without these kinds of reforms, international consumers risk purchasing blood diamonds. Sacked UK drugs adviser David Nutt in new report Alcohol more harmful than heroin or crack Don't know if you noticed already, but there is some heavy antinuclear protest going on in Germany this weekend. (50.000+ protesters) World Bank head calls for monetary system linked to gold. EU condemns Israeli building in east Jerusalem Muslim woman has her veil torn off by French extremist in Paris in first recorded case of Burka rage UK English still rules the World, contrary to popular believe over American English according to International Study EU new data strategy will give consumers the right to be forgotten  to ask for your data to be completely removed once it has served its original purpose. Dateline 15 January 2011 for your comments to proposed legislation EUIndia free trade agreement threatens access to HIV drugs  The EU is pushing for data exclusivity, which means Indian generics manufacturers would no longer be able to use existing studies to make identical drugs Ireland slowly locates its disappeared The body of a man killed by the IRA in 1973 is found buried on a beach Update on the Hungarian midwife facing five years in Hungarian prison for championing home births 30,000 Dutch households to receive marijuanascented scratch cards in a bid to uncover illegal urban cannabis plantations Sweden to probe U.S. surveillance 
U.S. embassy had a surveillance system in place since 2000. EU threatens to block Chinese bids for public contracts  The European Union will block access for Chinese companies bidding for publicly funded contracts unless businesses from Europe get the same access in China An article about the aspects of criticizing Israel in Germany Kristallnacht commemorations in Germany will include a speech by Alfred Grosser, a prominent FrancoGerman intellectual who escaped the Nazi regime in 1933 and has become a critic of Israel sparking Jewish ire Mexico, drug war Extreme violence causing widespread social problems First ladys handshake with conservative Muslim raises Indonesian eyebrows
 Kim JongUn promoted to North Korean #2 position following death of National Defence Commission vice chairman. France has offered to grant asylum to 150 Iraqi Christians, including those wounded in church attack. Cruise ship stranded without power after fire Lesbian couple in Australia banned from high school formal The actual shock of losing everything and having to build yourself up again has occupied people's energies for a very long time. Now, it's time to reclaim our history, our culture, our towns, our architecture, our geography before the Israelis demolish everything.
 A Swiss proposal to automatically expel criminal foreigners appears to have the backing of a majority, six weeks ahead of nationwide ballot on the issue. 600 People Arrested For Opposing Nuclear Plant In India Sri Lanka launches porn star manhunt  Sri Lankan have newspapers published pictures of people police said had acted in locally produced pornographic films, part of a courtordered crackdown and the latest sign of growing social conservatism. The Middle East's only democracy?! [Israeli] Supreme Court okays Jewishonly buildings in Jaffa. Report 1,000 Wild Tigers Killed in Last Decade  CBS News If you knowingly make false statements about your 
opponent in an election in the UK, you risk the 
election being ruled void after you win. Chilean tourist severely beaten by Jewish extremists 
in Jerusalem, mistaken for Arab. World famous British drugs counsellor caught smoking crystal meth with Thai hooker in Bangkok hotel Leading Israeli playwrights, actors and artists say they will not cross the Green Line  Israel's frontier before it captured the West Bank in 1967  to perform in the new theater in Ariel, an Israeli enclave of 19,000 people. Obama backs India's quest for U.N. permanent seat UK Conservative Party Make longterm unemployed do manual labour A fresh report from the Danish Actionaid Denmark, Greenpeace and Noah organisations among others suggests that biofuel produced from maize or palm kernels causes twoandahalf times as much CO2 emissions as traditional fuel.  Irish Banks Worse To Come  
Ireland bust. Government can't afford to cover guarantees to banks. Mortgage crisis just beginning. Attempts to cut other spending like rearranging deckchairs, when the iceberg of bank debt will sink us  Red Guards Apologize Fortyfour Years Later   At Beijing school reunion, Red Guards in their 60s apologise to teachers in their 80s for Cultural Revolution hooliganism. But no ceremony for teachers killed inconsistent with harmonious mood Last week's blowout of an engine on an Airbus A380 after taking off from Singapore has raised fresh concerns about the superjumbo aircraft and cast doubt on the quality of the RollsRoyce engines that some of them are equipped with. British Navy sonar blamed for 33 whale deaths in Ireland Israel announces 1,300 illegal settler homes for East Jerusalem as Netanyahu starts US visit. A currency war is brewing between the EU and the US  and Britain is caught in the middle Drug Lord's Death Brings Hope, Fear To Mexican City  Servicemen at 'UK's Abu Ghraib' may be guilty of war crimes, court hears | UK news | The Guardian MEXICO Violence erupts in Juarez after alleged hit man was slain Israel to build more homes in East Jerusalem  The announcement comes as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu meets with Obama administration officials about stalled peace talks with the Palestinians. Israeli police demolish mosque in the Negev where Arabs live in villages that are unrecognized by the government, without municipal services like water and electricity. 10,000 Burma refugees flee border fighting For Afghan Wives, a Desperate, Fiery Way Out  NYTimes.com Der Spiegel Interview With German Finance Minister Schuble Emerging from hell, the dustcaked and bloodied survivors of Mount Merapi's worst eruption yet (w/pics) A bush bargain? Remote Australian town offers houses for nexttonothing to lure families ; DIY skills essential, just A$1 a week, Decent countries individuals with dual citizenship from certain countries like Spain are being asked to sign a document in the IDF in which they declare their understanding that their service in the army may result in loss of their foreign citizenship Bar graph Which countries have the world's highest standard of living (HDI)? World's lawmakers endorse making political corruption a Crime Against Humanity, at United Nations UNCAC Pope sends Archbishop and Swiss guards onto the streets of Rome at night to comfort the poor and the homeless. More than 100,000 demonstrators chased away police to rally in the center of Ukraine's capital on Sunday, defying a government ban on protests on Independence Square, in the biggest show of anger over the president's refusal to sign an agreement with the European Union. Woman has child taken from her womb by social services  Telegraph Indian Muslim females overwhelmingly reject Islamist attempt to lower marriage age for women Leaked paper reveals UN split over war on drugs  Instead, a number of countries are pushing for the war on drugs to be seen in a different light, which places greater emphasis on treating drug consumption as a public health problem, rather than a criminal justice matter. Mangalyaan, India's Mars Orbiter, has successfully commenced its journey to Mars Thousands of Israelis took to the streets across the country Saturday to protest a government plan to displace some 40,000 Arab Bedouins from their lands. Spies worry over doomsday cache stashed by exNSA contractor Snowden Life imprisonment of five out of six teachers for repeatedly raping a 19yearold Untouchable girl student The Richest World Leaders Are Even Richer Than You Thought Starfish dying off in large numbers in two oceans China's government declares victory in removing negativity and unruliness about China's government from the internet. The Government started an internet scrubbing program over the summer, arresting opinion leaders and stepping up government presence to control the message in cyberspace. Cayman Islands and Costa Rica agree to share bank account details with US  The alleged tax havens have signed agreements with the United States to tell the IRS about funds held offshore by Americans INTERVIEW Predatory development is threatening Brazils Amazon  Marina Silva. The Amazon gives us rain and consequently all the water in this region. Its like killing the chicken that lays the golden egg, Silva said. Israel's new opposition leader says he told Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas that a clear majority in Israel supports a peace deal with the Palestinians and that his Labor Party will back any future agreement Britain targets Guardian newspaper over intelligence leaks related to Edward Snowden Germany Berlin council votes to open first cannabis cafe A Generation of US and UK War Veterans Are Being Silenced David Cameron distances UK from Dalai Lama and Tibet to woo Beijing Turkey court brands swimming goggles 'weapons' Standing by Palestine, India opens visa service in Ramallah EU to Yanukovych You're taking Ukraine nowhere  Lithuanian & German leaders rebuke Ukraine's Viktor Yanukovych over his uturn on EU integration. Germany's Angela Merkel's brief encounter with the stonyfaced Ukrainian chief was captured in a video. Ukrainian protesters warned against mass disorder. Clashes in Kyiv right now. East African nations agree on monetary union to boost trade Police kill someone in Iceland.. for the first time ever. Pope Francis secretly sneaks out at night to help the homeless, source says An entire village is sealed off by gendarmes and riot police in the middle of the night, some peasants taken to the police station, so that Chevron can start drilling for shale gas, in spite of fierce local opposition Stephen Hawking NHS is Britain's finest public service and must be preserved from commercial interests 1,200yearold Malaysian temple ruin razed by developer clearing land for a residential housing project Spain And Japan Move To Criminalize Protests UK politician who made speech implying rich people have higher IQs answers IQ test questions incorrectly on live radio North Korea's secondmostpowerful man and husband of Kim Jongil's sister, Jang Seongtaek, has suddenly been relieved of all posts. His two absolute closest associates were publicly executed last month, and other officials associated with him have likewise been recently purged, according to NIS. Antigay Russian group upload video of them physically abusing and humiliating former X Factor contestant Are you one of the 700,000 people on the U.S. government terrorist watch list?  Landmark Case Goes to Trial over Massive U.S. Terrorism NoFly Database Ukraine's crisis is getting so serious that protesters in Kiev charged police with a bulldozer Hong Kong confirms first human case of bird flu BP wins U.S. appeals court reprieve over some Gulf spill payments Guantnamo Bay detainees claim Poland allowed CIA torture Guardian Australia fiercely defends its reporting on spy agencies | World news Zimbabwe gives Chinese man $150 fine for $320 worth of ivory Yuan Passes Euro as SecondMost Used TradeFinance Currency Tim BernersLee Spies' cracking of encryption undermines the web  World wide web inventor dismayed about US and UK attempts to undermine privacy and security, revealed by Edward Snowden Dredging set to swamp decades of Great Barrier Reef protection The Spanish region of Catalonia wants to revoke the driving licenses of drug addicts, alcoholics and people with mental disorders to avoid other people's lives being put at risk. US singer and song writer Bob Dylan has been placed under judicial investigation in France for allegedly provoking ethnic hatred of Croats BBC News  Ukraine PM says he sees all signs of a coup as protesters fill square in Kiev The UN's senior counterterrorism official is to launch an investigation into the surveillance powers of American and British intelligence agencies following Edward Snowden's revelations that they are using secret programmes to store and analyse billions of emails, phone calls and text messages. Australian Security service, ASIO has raided Canberra office of lawyer representing East Timor in its case about to be heard in The Hague accusing Australia of spying during delicate oilandgas negotiations Mexico Thousands Protests Against Oil Industry Privatisation The War on Democracy How corporations and spy agencies use security to defend profiteering and crush activism It is completely unacceptable to give a 15yearold a breast enlargement as a Christmas present  Germany to ban plastic surgery on children Italian girl gangraped after a false Facebook page told she was available to anyone. Onlooker failed to help cause it 'was none of his business.' Spooky Business A New Report on Corporate Espionage Against Nonprofits. Chamber of Commerce, Walmart, Monsanto, Kraft, CocaCola, Chevron, Burger King, McDonalds, Shell, BP have been linked to espionage or planned espionage against nonprofit organizations, activists and whistleblowers. African elephants could fall by 1/5 due to poaching  There were 100 million at turn of 20th century. That has fallen to 1/2 million. 22,000 were killed in 2012. Rate of killing compared to natural population growth means the largest animal on earth could soon become extinct. Fresh spy leak shows Australia offered to share data on its citizens Croatia voted a ban on samesex marriage Two German students have vandalised part of the Pyramid of Khufu Sweden's prison population has dropped so dramatically that the country plans to close four of its prisons Saab to resume making cars in Sweden Roman Catholic Church pushes for constitutional ban on gay marriage in new EU memberstate Croatia, arguing that samesex marriage is not a human right. Revealed Australian spy agency offered to share data about ordinary citizens (Snowden) Ukraine Leader Is Called On to Resign as Anger Swells I want the authorities to know that this is not a protest; this is a revolution! Yuri V. Lutsenko, a former interior minister, told a vast crowd here in Independence Square Revolution! the crowd roared back. Revolution! UN implicates Bashar alAssad in Syria war crimes The UN's human rights chief has said an inquiry has produced evidence that war crimes were authorised in Syria at the highest level, including by President Bashar alAssad. Croatia changes constitution to ban Gay Marriage in a referendum heavily influenced by the catholic church Former Israeli PM Netanyahu has 'declared war on the US government' Major study that fuelled fears of GMOs retracted Nearly a century after the Armenian genocide, these people are still being slaughtered in Syria China launches first moon mission Potsmoking Mountie returns serge, accuses RCMP of not helping members with PTSD Violent demonstrations have Thailands prime minister on the run  The PM is sister of Thaksin Shinawatra, a billionaire & former PM who himself was forced from office in a 2006 coup & is now in exile in Dubai still wielding significant influence in his home country. US push on intellectual property violates international norms Thousands protest US drone strikes in Pakistan Secret filming highlights poor care of U.K. brain injury victims  lying in urine and call bell ripped out from hand in the neurorehabilitation unit. China's Jade Rabbit takes great hop for mankind  The Register | Chinas first lunar rover, dubbed Yutu or Jade Rabbit, has finally left the hutch today as part of the Change 3 mission to become the first Moon landing probe sent up by the Peoples Republic. NSA tracking cellphone locations worldwide, Snowden documents show Thieves who stole cobalt60 are likely dead or dying from radiation poisoning Pope sets up body on child abuse Pope Francis sets up a Vatican committee to fight Catholic Church child abuse 21 Images of Where Children Sleep Around the World Paints A Powerful Picture of Inequality US Embassy aggressively blocked minimum wage increase for Haitian workers This past summer, the US Army began investigating why the military spent nearly $36 million to construct a wellappointed 64,000squarefoot headquarters in southwestern Afghanistan that commanders in the area did not want and has never been used. Uruguay could become the first country in the world to nationalise and legalise marijuana. On Tuesday, the Senate will vote on a bill that would make the sale of cannabis for adults legal and governmentcontrolled. If passed the price of marijuana is expected to be set at around $1 a gram. Morocco seeks legalization of marijuana cultivation and exports  RT News It worked so well that Amsterdam is now expanding the project where they let alcoholics drink while they clean the streets Police remove protesters from Chevron's fracking site in Romania The Central African Republic descending into 'complete chaos'  France may send 1000 troops to prevent genocide Scientists in South Korea say the country must brace itself for a bank of smog rolling in across the sea from China The other side of North Korea A defected smugglers extraordinary story shows a side of North Korea outsiders rarely glimpse, one in which the biggest threat to the govt may be not political dissidents but regular citizens getting their first taste of a middle class life Massive Fire Started By Angry Workers Destroys Factory That Supplied To Gap, WalMart In Bangladesh Vatican refuses to share sex abuse investigations with UN A UK marine convicted of murdering a Taliban prisoner has lost fight to remain anonymous Beijing unveils 5year plan contains 84 measures to tackle pollution OPEC losing control of oil prices Switzerland Launches Criminal Probe Into NSA Surveillance Japan whistleblowers face crackdown under proposed state secrets law BCLTAPNewsAlert,11 MEXICO CITY (AP)  Mexican nuclear official say stolen container of radioactive material found empty. APWF120413 2304GMT Governments close to agreement to put hacking, cryptography software on the same footing as weapons of war Thai officials admit to human trafficking COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP)  A new wave of Europeans is heading to Syria, their ranks soaring in the past six months as tales of easy living and glorious martyrdom draw them to the rebellion against Bashar Assad American Studies Association endorses academic boycott of Israel Bangladeshi garment workers, lowest paid in the world at $0.21/hour, torch 10story factory at Gazipur + 15 full garment trucks. No human casualties, $100 million losses to the owners. Without Anyone Paying Attention, Canada Is About To Change Its Laws To Support ACTA  They can point to the tiny, but real, problem of counterfeit drugs that can cause serious damage... and then mix it with the very large issue of copyright infringement where they can't show any actual harm. Only 1% of Snowden files published  Guardian editor 70% of Chinese don't know that ivory comes from dead elephants British Fathers Will Get the Same Family Leave as Mothers Hassan Rouhani, Irans president, has more cabinet members with Ph.D. degrees from U.S. universities than Barack Obama does. In fact, Iran has more holders of American Ph.D.s in its presidential cabinet than France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, or Spaincombined. European Commission fines eight banks a total of 1.7bn euros for forming illegal cartels to rig interest rates How the secretly negotiated TPP (TransPacific Partnership) will gut environmental protection NASA finds water on planets 1000 light years from Earth that orbit star.Could be prime candidates for life Sahara Suffers Catastrophic Collapse of Wildlife In world's largest tropical desert the Bubal hartebeest & scimitar horned oryx in the wild are extinct & the African wild dog & African lion are gone. Dama gazelle & addax are gone from 99% of their range; leopard from 97%; Saharan cheetah, 90%. Ukraine Moves To Join EU In Russia Snub Ukrainian protesters have successfully forced the hand of their president, getting him to reconsider signing a trade deal with the European Union even if it means irking one Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Canada passes Bill C309. Protestors could now face up to 10 years in jail for masking up. Israel has sent humanitarian aid to Syria, despite having technically been in conflict with the country for the last 46 years. Japanese Liberal Democratic Party SecretaryGeneral Protesting New Secrecy Bill is an Act of Terrorism Bitcoin Heist Millions Vanish from Online Black Market Antifracking protests in Canada turn violent Guardian will not be intimidated over NSA leaks, Alan Rusbridger (editor) tells MPs The 10 Most Corrupt and Least Corrupt Countries in the World Putin backs amnesty that could free Pussy Riot Japan's WW II supersubmarine found scuttled off Hawaii  World Deal to halt illegal ivory trade signed by African and Asian states, including China NSA Spying Challenged in the United Nations Food poverty in UK has reached level of 'public health emergency', warn experts British soldier arrested in Germany on terrorism offences after police found farright leaflets at a home. Yasser Arafat 'was not poisoned'  leaked French report