 Sponsor CocaCola demands thirdparty reform of FIFA, possibly starting a trend of sponsors applying pressure to the organisation in order to force reform More than 200,000 Germans formally left the Catholic Church in 2014, accelerating the downward trend in the Catholic proportion of the countrys population. Obama praises South Korea for paying teachers the way they pay doctors An Australian TV Reality show smuggled a group of participants across the Syrian border to IS territory. They had a narrow escape as they came under heavy artillery fire from IS as filmmakers took them within half a mile of the front line. Uk's first genital mutilation protection order obtained, stopping 2 girls from being taken abroad Drone that Pakistan shot down was made in China Chinese media Security forces in Saudi Arabia arrests 431 suspected members of the Islamic State militant group. China Ends Mystery of Gold Hoard to Top Russias Holdings. China ended six years of mystery over how much gold its hoarding, revealing a 57% jump in reserves and overtaking Russia to become the country with the 5thlargest stash of the metal. Archaeologists Find Assyrian Tablets in Turkey, Some About Women's Rights ISIS Has Fired Chemical Mortar Shells, Evidence Indicates Spy agency employee found dead, information on hacking program in will police 'Drop Israel nuke program double standards, get IAEA to supervise'  Arab League Fed up with the daily blare from mosque loudspeakers calling the faithful to prayer, Indonesian Vice President Jusuf Kalla has set up a team to monitor the volume of cacophony that begins from dawn. Based on data collected in several urban areas will implement measures to regulate mosque speakers. A South Korean government spy was found dead Saturday in an apparent suicide alongside a note that seemed to comment on the recent revelation that the spy agency had acquired hacking programs capable of intercepting communications on cellphones and computers, police said. Iran lauds Indian assistance during period of Sanctions, promises preferential treatment to Indian investors The Canadian military's new top commander has delivered a clear, tough message, saying bullies and abusers have no place within the ranks and, where they exist, they'll be weeded out. Chinesebuilt zeroemissions electric bus prepares for service in London  Fully electric doubledecker bus with new compact battery to launch in autumn, as London prepares for ultra low emission zone, reports China Daily Israeli PM calls Palestinian President in goodwill gesture marking Muslim holiday of Eid alFitr International report confirms 2014 was Earths warmest year on record A space rock worth $5.4 trillion is flying by Earth this weekend Khamenei Deal or no deal, Iran won't stop opposing US, supporting people of Palestine UK Mass Surveillance, The power was used in around 16,000 such cases last year to prevent death or injury in an emergency situation, the Home Office said. China to deport foreign tourists apparently after some of them watched a documentary on Genghis Khan in their hotel room France estimates the economic costs of air pollution.The Senate committee estimated the annual cost of air pollution in France at 101.3 billion. 60 media workers killed in first half of this year for doing their job .France named as deadliest country for journalists after Charlie Hebdo attack A Japanese salmon and trout fishing boat from Hokkaido was seized by Russian authorities Friday for breaching the fishing quota, the Hokkaido government said Saturday. Police Shoot Protester Wearing Anonymous Mask, Hacktivist Group Vows to Avenge His Death Tension builds between Canada, U.S. over TPP deal Rich Chinese Leaving China In Myanmar, Garment Factories That Source Popular BrandName Clothing Retailers Aim To Defeat A 40Cent Hourly Minimum Wage UK Wants 10 Year Prison Sentence For Online Pirates Iraq 115 Killed In IS Car Bomb Attack Gaza City hit by at least four explosions Eritrean translators are intimidating and deliberately mistranslating the testimonies of refugees during asylum hearings, say dissidents' groups in Germany. The United Nations Working Group on business and human rights this week urged Governments across the world to ensure that corporations do not undermine sustainable development, and called for greater transparency and accountability for how businesses address human rights risks and impacts. Colombian authorities have announced work will begin on July 27 to unearth what they say is the world's largest urban mass grave, located in a garbage tip in a sprawling mountainside slum known as Comuna 13 in western Medellin. ISIS Offensive in AlHasakah Ends Miserably 1,200 Militants estimated trapped in the city, surrounded by Syrian Armed Forces and YPG fighters Palestinian refugee girl allowed to stay in Germany after crying footage goes viral Queen launches massive hunt to find source behind leaked footage of her doing a Nazi salute as a kid Royal Palace upset after a British tabloid published video of a young Elizabeth giving the Nazi salute Women top Taiwan presidential race Islamists kill five at Egypt's Sinai checkpoints Honduras Outraged Movement Marches On Against Gov't Corruption.Honduras' popular outraged movement took to the streets with tens of thousands of supporters for the eighth week straight ISIS executes journalist in Iraq's Mosul. Royals told open archives on family ties to Nazi regime ISIS Plants Land Mines In Christian Civilian Homes, Ancient Ruins Across Iraq, Syria Over 150,000 drafted into Russian armed forces during spring campaign  Defense Ministry Ayatollah Khamenei, Backing Iran Negotiators, Endorses Nuclear Deal Christians Grow Weary Over Rising Threat of Kidnapping in Syria, Iraq Hamas military members captured. Responsible for the murder of Israeli citizen Malachi Rosenfeld on June 29. British Columbia has a strong appetite for marijuana reform with more than 70% of respondents to a new poll urging either legalization or decriminalization. The Insights West survey found 67% said they support outright legalization, 28% opposed it and 5% were undecided. Japan Elderly overtake teenagers in crime figures Canada ranked as 'most admired' country in the world Stop Everything Theres a New Seaweed That Tastes Like Bacon and Is Better for You Than Kale Cuba is prepared to break with the contentious past and peacefully coexist with the United States, Cuban President Raul Castro said on Wednesday as the two former adversaries are set to restore diplomatic ties Ireland passes law allowing trans people to choose their legal gender Trans people should be the experts of our own gender identity. Selfdetermination is at the core of our human rights. Greek Parliament passes austerity bill Angela Merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in Germany A trove of thousands of Saudi documents recently released by WikiLeaks reveals in surprising detail how [Saudi Arabia's] goal in recent years was not just to spread its strict version of Sunni Islam  though that was a priority  but also to undermine its primary adversary Shiite Iran. Chinese workers go faceless for a day to avoid stress of faking facial expressions North Korea Has Invited Every Member of Congress to Tour Its Alleged Anthrax Facility. US says it is ready to engage North Korea in authentic, credible negotiations after Iran Nuclear Deal Neverbeforeseen footage reveals Russianbacked rebels arriving at the wreckage of MH17 Rich countries rejected an international plan to let the UN help fight tax evasion Transparency advocates tell Quartz that the US was particularly responsible for blocking the provision; Treasury Department officials in Washington and with the delegation did not respond to requests for comment. Rome is on the verge of collapse, says the city's chamber of commerce president. It is unacceptable that a major city which calls itself developed can find itself in such a state of decay. Greeks take to streets against barbaric bailout armed with petrol bombs, in most violent protest in two years Too young to wed Malawi chief sends married children back to school  A Malawi chief took bold steps to address child marriage in her community, reflecting the slow but steady progress against the practice in Malawi and worldwide. Steel is now cheaper than cabbages in China. 2 million feral cats to be killed in Australia Major pharma and finance corporations dramatically boosted lobbying efforts to support TTIP Putin tells Dutch PM on the anniversary of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 crash that an international tribunal to try those responsible for shooting down the plane would be counterproductive Iran nuclear deal '99% of world agrees' says Obama Huge explosion at petrochemical plant in Shandong, China Italy takes step toward legalizing pot Even members of Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's party voted for the measure, a first step toward full legalization. Obama Its My Iran Deal or War Saudi royals illegally close off French public beach Retired General Drones Create More Terrorists Than They Kill, Iraq War Helped Create ISIS | Retired Army Gen. Mike Flynn, a top intelligence official in the post9/11 wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, says in a forthcoming interview on Al Jazeera English that drones do more harm than good. If humans continue destroying plants at the current pace, the lack of irreplaceable biomass may soon endanger present human civilization and make it unsustainable  according to a paper published recently by University of Georgia researchers in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Australia tops the world for climate change denial, study finds Warming of oceans due to climate change is unstoppable, say US scientists Despite deep cuts to public services and welfare, the UK's 650 MPs are to see their annual pay rise to the equivalent of 106,000 euros. Australia actually declares war on cats, plans to kill 2 million by 2020 Indian workers have won a $20m claim against a US company for defrauding and exploiting them while repairing damaged oil rigs after Hurricane Katrina High court rules UK data retention and surveillance legislation unlawful UK government gags advisers over refusal to support beeharming pesticides Kidnapping in Mexico Increased by 30% in June.Mexico holds first place worldwide in kidnapping. Over 90 percent of the cases go unreported. Mass protests in Tokyo as Japan moves to ditch pacifism New video shows the moment Russianbacked rebels realized they shot down a civilian airliner in eastern Ukraine Polar bears are unable to adapt their behaviour to cope with the food losses associated with warmer summers in the Arctic. Scientists had believed that the animals would enter a type of 'walking hibernation' when deprived of prey. But new research says that the bears simply starve. Nexen pipeline leak in Alberta spills 5 million litres  Edmonton Knesset votes down death penalty for terrorists 946  Israel News China's debt is now twice the size of its gross domestic product With fraud rife in conflict and disaster zones, aid charities are under pressure to be open about corruption but one third of the world's 25 biggest aid charities declined to make their fraud data public Isis in its latest execution video released ahead of the popular muslim festival Eid al fitr has used for the first a child soldier for beheading a Syrian Army captain. The child, before decapitating the Syrian soldier, announces that Isis will one day hoist its flag over Jerusalem and Rome. British pilots 'taking part in airstrikes in Syria'  despite government vote against military action British Pilots Have Been Conducting Airstrikes in Syria, Defense Ministry Confirms...even though Parliament voted two years ago against military action there. Saudi use of cluster bomb in Yemen breaks U.S. rules. Followup on Human Rights Watch report. Greeces Prime Minister May Have Just Sacrificed His Government for a Deal He Barely Supports High Court rules UK data retention and surveillance legislation unlawful Casablanca mosque stampede blamed on mouse A mouse is responsible for triggering a stampede in a mosque in the Moroccan city of Casablanca which left more than 80 people injured, officials say. Hadron collider discovers new particle the pentaquark Germany encourages pedophilies to sign up for confidential treatment, even if they have abused a child, and doctors are hailing it as a success. Kim Jong Un phasing out worship of father, grandfather and stripping military of power, analysts say Why was Oscarwinning Snowden documentarian detained 50+ times in US airports? Iranian diplomat Iran, major powers reach historic nuclear deal. Thousands of people in Bangladesh are demanding justice for a teenage boy who was beaten to death by a group of men who filmed themselves laughing and jeering as they carried out the attack. The goal to get HIV treatment to 15 million people by the end of 2015 has already been met, says the United Nations Aids agency. The landmark figure was reached in March  nine months ahead of schedule. A project to build a $200 DIY WiFi router to help whistleblowers hide online just disappeared under bizarre circumstances Australia has asked the United Nations to set up an international criminal tribunal to try those responsible for shooting down the Malaysian Airlines flight MH17. JAPAN Nangka is a powerful typhoon, heading for Japan and is expected to continue to strengthen over the warm waters of the Pacific Ocean through midweek, approaching super typhoon intensity. An Australian judge has accused WikiLeaks of a clear and deliberate breach of the law with its online publication last year of a suppression order issued to prevent world leaders being named in a corruption case. Kuwait has passed a law making it mandatory for all its 1.3 million citizens and 2.9 million foreign residents to have their DNA entered onto a national database. Two Morocco women have been acquitted of indecency charges after they went on trial for wearing short skirts, their lawyer says. 3,000 killed in Yemen in first 100 days of Saudiled bombing, half civilians An Australian state is considering banning tobacco sales to anyone born after 2000. Google maps updates name of disputed South China Sea shoal; removes Chinese name for the reef following online petition New Horizons Probe sends detailed view of Pluto News about an imminent mini ice age is trending  but its not true Burka ban In wake of market bombing, Chad warns anyone in full veil will be arrested on sight Liberia confirms new Ebola case as outbreak spreads, nearly two months after declared Ebolafree by the UN 'Pope of the Poor' Francis apologizes for overlooking middle class woes Italy's public debt hits new record China says 75 percent of cities failed to meet air standards in June. Last year, nearly 90 percent of China's 74 big cities failed to meet air quality standards. Israel Five senior officers under investigation over Gaza war UN calls on Palestinians to provide information on missing Israelis EU law that could make UK internet porn filters illegal is heading for a vote Japan finally bans possession of child pronography. People with HIV live almost 20 years longer than in 2001 Angela Merkel Marriage is 'a man and a woman living together' Saudi Arabia borrows $4B as oil price reality hits home NSA file reveals Israel behind 2008 assassination of Syrian general. Israeli naval commandos shot Muhammad Suleiman before escaping via the sea. Solar power industry vows to step up campaign to topple Abbott government In a huge Uturn, the UK government now says it is NOT going to try to ban encryption Teenager who planned to join ISIS in Syria and said 'all gay people should be killed' is jailed for more than three years Weedkiller suspected of causing cancer deemed 'safe' A bestselling herbicide that the World Health Organisation suspects causes cancer could get a new lease of life in Europe after being deemed safe by a key assessment based largely on classified industry reports. Viking Sword Discovered in NorwayBattle ax with shaft coated in brass also in grave. Charcoal dates to AD 1030, coinciding with coins found. Its quite possible the dead man was 1 of King Canutes men for battles with King Ethelred of England. Outrage as 9 Sudanese women face 40 lashes for wearing trousers Google accidentally reveals data on 'right to be forgotten' requests Data shows 95% of Google privacy requests are from citizens out to protect personal and private information  not criminals, politicians and public figures Americans,Europeans and Middle Easterners see ISIS as the greatest global threat; rest of the world sees climate change as the greatest threat. Tens of thousands of pilgrims taking part in a Hindu religious bathing festival surged forward and triggered a massive stampede on a riverbank in southern India, leaving at least 27 dead Urdu to Replace English as the Official Language in Pakistan South Korean activist launches 'The Interview' DVDs by balloon toward North Korea Australia Speaker of house, Bronwyn Bishop has charged taxpayers almost $90,000 for a twoweek European trip partly aimed at securing her a plum new job. Pluto probe calls home after flyby Pirate Bay 'Hydra' Loses Another Domain Name Mexican kingpin El Chapo photographed drinking beer, flying in plane Snapchat's decision to live stream Mecca praised by thousands of Muslims online Iraq's antiquities minister says the Baghdad National Museum has gotten back nearly 500 artifacts recovered by U.S. Army commandos during a recent raid in Syria targeting the Islamic State group. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday that although she favoured measures to curb discrimination against samesex couples, and that the case of LGBTQ+ rights had been advanced greatly, she did not think that marriage licenses should be offered to homosexual couples. Hammond Israel doesnt want any deal with Iran, it wants a permanent state of standoff Mexican top drug lord Chapo Guzman escapes from maximum security prison for 2nd time Tony Abbott has been warned he is putting international investment at risk after ordering the $10 billion Clean Energy Finance Corporation not to finance new wind power. Thursday Denmark managed to produce 140 % of its electricity needs through wind power. Abbott government extends renewable energy investment ban to solar power  Clean Energy Finance Corporation banned from investing in smallscale solar projects in move industry claims is revenge politics that will strangle the sector Man disguised as woman wearing burqa kills 15 in Chad capital bomb attack U.S. may cut Canada out of TPP USled warplanes are pummeling the de facto ISIS capital like never before Doctors call for repeal of laws preventing them from speaking out about detention centres (Australia) Japan is converting an abandoned golf course into Kyoto's largest solar power plant Pope Francis demands end to Christian 'genocide' in Middle East Foreign students will be banned from working and forced to leave the UK when their course ends Dozens of Russian troops 'flee unit, fearing Ukraine deployment' Eurozone leaders refuse to continue talks with Greece unless wave of reforms are passed this week, with second wave of reforms soon after Kosovo shuts off capital's water supply after alleged ISIS poison plot 2,000 Moldovans and Romanians call for reunification, scatter flowers over river border. Finland's parliament in favour of forcing Greece out of the euro, says report US psychology group colluded with govt 'torture' program report Angry at demands, Greeks rail at German 'humiliation' | Kathimerini Typhoon Pounds China With Heavy Rains, 1.1 Million Evacuated. Possibly the strongest typhoon to hit China since 1949. World entering era of global food insecurity with malnutrition and obesity side by side within countries, says leading food expert Australian Navy Cancels Order for the F35B Joint Strike Fighter Woman dies in new H5N6 case. Meeting on Greece Debt Breaks Up With No Deal More than 10,000 fish died in temporary holding tanks in Brazil during construction of what is being touted as the world's largest freshwater aquarium Tunisias nonNATO ally status confirmed by US Beijing effectively bans Tibetans and other ethnic minorities from obtaining passports, Human Rights Watch said Monday, amid a surge in Chinese tourists travelling abroad Climate change must be taken as seriously as nuclear war, says UK foreign minister Russia advances 2km into Georgian territory a portion of the BPoperated BakuSupsa Pipeline in Georgia now ... under Russian control Israel arrests Jewish suspects over torching famous church Lithuania to remove remaining Sovietera statues in capital Eurozone 'agreement' on Greece debt Chad police Anyone wearing face veils will be arrested Doctors demand a 20% tax on sugary drinks to fight UK obesity epidemic Thundersnow, the rarest phenomenon in Australian weather, just happened. An antiIslam nationalist group that has aligned itself with neoNazis and other farright organisations says it will hold Australia's biggest ever patriot rally at Melbourne's Parliament House next weekend. Kurdistan Worker's Party declares end of ceasefire with Turkey, mobilizes guerrillas President Vladimir Putin says Russia is interested in using national currencies with other BRICS [Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa] members after agreeing on such an arrangement with China. Sea bass stocks on brink of collapsing  The stock is in rapid decline, & much more needs to be done  & urgently  to prevent this iconic & important fishery from collapsing. Call for temporary fishing ban if EU agreement to manage critically low stocks cant be reached. Your gun laws are a mistake National Rifle Association to Australia Mexican president expropriates indigenous land for highway Activists expressed outrage and launched an online campaign after government trucks and construction vehicles entered this weekend protected lands of one of Mexico's indigenous communities in order to build a highly controversial highway. Greek crisis surrender fiscal sovereignty in return for bailout, Merkel tells Tsipras Greeks Face 'Humiliating' Demands As Twitter Says #ThisIsACoup Kuwait announces mandatory DNA database for its citizens Ukraine government in armed standoff with nationalist militia Successful Icelandic Pirate MP resigns from Parliament and goes back to mixing asphalt Scientists use nanoparticles to shut down mechanism that drives cancer growth. shutting down Twist expression enabled cancer cells to overcome their resistance to cancer drugs HighProfile Tibetan Monk Dies In Prison In China Ethiopian LGBT Activist Banned by Facebook Under Real Name Policy Six Tropical Cyclones At Once in the Pacific Ocean on July 12 Orangutan escapes from zoo by using blanket as a leverage to break its enclosures. Pirate Bay Founders Acquitted in Criminal Copyright Case BMW has just put the first 100% all electric 18 wheeler out on the road in Germany Pope Francis warns against new forms of colonialism Human beings and nature must not be at the service of money. Let us say no to an economy of exclusion and inequality, where money rules, rather than service. That economy kills. That economy excludes. That economy destroys Mother Earth. 71% of the world's population lives on less than $10 a day Pope begs forgiveness for sins and 'offences' of church against indigenous of America UK to ban WhatsApp under 'snoopers charter' law. Pope accuses world leaders of 'cowardice' Wind power generates 140% of Denmark's electricity demand Bodies of WWII US Marines recovered in Pacific. Its too late to stop the seas rising at least 5 metres and only fast, drastic action will avert a 20metre rise Cant stop an adult from watching porn in his room Supreme Court of India BBC documentary translates Gaza children saying 'Jews' as saying 'Israelis' Ethiopia has been voted the worlds best tourism destination for 2015, for its excellent preservation of humanity landmarks such as the ruins of the city of Aksum, and Fasil Ghebbi, which served as the residence of the Ethiopian emperors during the 16th and 17th century. UK urges Britons to leave Tunisia as further terrorist attack is highly likely  BBC News Fossil fuel companies have been lying about climate change for more than 30 years.The fossil fuel industry has waged a campaign to obfuscate and mislead the public on the science surrounding climate change Chanting 'Death to Israel,' millions march in Iran on alQuds Day Greek Plan Accepts Austerity to Get Debt Relief Even if world manages to limit global warming to 2C  the target number for current climate negotiations  sea levels may still rise at least 6 meters (20 feet) above their current heights, radically reshaping the worlds coastline and affecting millions in the process. First Sighting of Drachma in the Wild, Via CreditCard Mystery Australian law enforcement and intelligence services have been in secret talks with an Italianbased surveillance company notorious for helping repressive states like Sudan spy on their own citizens, according to leaked emails published by Wikileaks. Exclusive Japan interested in joining NATO missile consortium Two heads are better than one, and three monkey brains can control an avatar better than any single monkey. For the first time, a team has networked the brains of multiple animals to form a living computer that can perform tasks and solve problems. Ukraine offers huge state firms to foreign investors 7.0 Earthquake strikes offshore of the Solomon Islands Pope calls for new economic order, criticizes capitalism More than 865,000 evacuated as super typhoon approaches China Researchers confirm The Largest Pyramid in Mexico has been found  according to initial measurements, is larger than the Great Pyramid of the Sun in Teotihuacan  we can confirm that this pyramid exceeds in height the pyramid of the Sun at Teotihuacan which measures 65 meters Vatican Sex Abuse Trial Halted ExArchbishop falls ill hours before he was due to appear in Vatican Court. Accused of paying for sex with children in the Dominican Republic from 20082013. US torture doctors could face charges after report alleges post9/11 'collusion' Earth heading for 'mini ice age' within 15 years Pope attacks capitalism as 'dung of the devil' in speech Former ExxonMobil Scientist Says the Company Has Long Known of Its Climate Change Impacts High Heat Measured under Antarctica Could Support Substantial Life  Nearly a kilometer below the ice scientists have found a Yellowstonelike geothermal glow that could create liferich subglacial lakesand lubricate Antarctic ice loss Cairo blast hits Italian consulate Uighurs from China's Xinjiang are being given Turkish identity papers in Southeast Asia by Turkish diplomats and then taken to Turkey where some are sold to fight for groups like Islamic State as cannon fodder, a senior Chinese official said. More than 11,000 cases of socalled honor crime were recorded by UK police forces from 201014 The crimes are usually aimed at women, and can include abductions, beatings and even murders. Second Tunisia terror attack foiled Five ISIS extremists are shot dead in Islamic stronghold as thousands of British tourists are evacuated Serbian PM Vucic attacked by mob during Srebrenica anniversary U.K. Loses A CitySized Area Of Green Space In Six Years Vietnamese protests over land grabs in Hai Duong Province crushed by bulldozer. Boko Haram attacks northern Nigeria town military sources World Poverty Drops, With China Leading the Way Pew Research Center data shows a decrease in global poverty. China largely drove the rise of the global middle class, increasing its share of middle class by 15 percent or by 203 million people Report Indonesian pilots may have been radicalized by ISIS Africa Takes First Step Toward $2 Trillion FreeTrade Bloc Tracking chips will be installed on the feet of 1,600 terror suspects in Pakistan to monitor their movements. Nearly two months after Liberia was declared Ebolafree, five new cases have raised questions about the programme to eradicate the disease. Syrians Race to Save Ancient City's Treasures from ISIS Designation of Tunisia as a Major NonNATO Ally Russia working to relaunch production of Tu160 supersonic nuclear bombers Greek MPs back bailout reform plan Julian Assange Threatens To Name Arab Leaders With CIA Ties When I hear someone say that soldiers defend our freedom, my immediate response is to gag. But I can think of one exception. If theres a soldier anywhere in the world whos fought and suffered for my freedom, its Pfc. Bradley Manning An area of Australia larger than France and Germany combined is currently underwater in the worst flooding in recorded history. 200,000 people are currently cut off with water levels still rising. More links in comments. 'Dancing Boy' Scandal Taints Both Americans and Afghans  To win over Afghan locals, American contractor DynCorp bankrolled 'bacha bazi' parties  the culturally accepted practice of pedophilia by men against boys. The Bradley Manning soldiers defend our freedom article was plagiarised from this Independent story. I thought it was great, but you should read about the other underappreciated heroes of 2010, too. India Highprofile human rights activist gets life for treason, exposing cracks in justice system Gunmen have kidnapped a 28yearold woman who was the last police officer in the town of Guadalupe, Mexico. About 10 unidentified gunmen set fire to the home of Erika Gandara and torched both cars parked outside for good measure before abducting her... Unexpected events largely ignored in Western media In Tunisia, unthinkable public unrest saw thousands demonstrate against the regime of President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali(!) Palestine to open embassy in Brazil  President Mahmoud Abbas lays cornerstone in Brasilia on land for the Palestinians' first embassy in western hemisphere. Survey 53% of JewishIsraelis oppose full equalrights for IsraeliArabs  A strike is taking place across Pakistan to protest against possible changes to the blasphemy laws, which carry mandatory death sentence for anyone who insults Islam.  China makes Skype illegal A thousand people took to the streets of Buenos Aires to celebrate a year of marijuana activism and call for the right to grow their own plants Wikileaks The chief of the Revolutionary Guard angrily slapped Iranian President Ahmadinejad in early 2010, as Tehran was still dealing with the fallout from last year's election! Lebanon is staring into the abyss  
Whatever the tribunal into the death of Rafik Hariri decides, it will pour petrol on Lebanon's raging fire War Nerd Market Lessons from the Pashtun  If all these neocons who worship the Ancient Greeks really want to know what their precious Greeks were like, they should go live in a Pashtun village. Macedonia Faiths Unite Against Gay Marriage  Leaders of five main religious communities demand constitutional changes to rule out samesex marriage and gay adoption. Estonia adopts the euro tomorrow, amidst fear from much of the public. Homeless man who squatted in apartment to avoid arctic weather conditions over Christmas then left it as he found it is jailed... Cuba cuts subsidy for toiletries  President Raul Castro says monthly ration book will also be slashed to overhaul economy and prevent financial crisis.
 A Litany Of Wikileaks Evidence That US Behaves Like Rogue State And The Spanish Case Against American War Criminals Is Alive And Well. 200,000 Austalian citizens have been affected flood waters. In Northeastern Australia military aircraft dropped supplies to towns cut off by floods. 200,000 people have been affected by waters covering an area larger than Texas and Montana combined. South African poultry industry accused of racism for taking outofdate frozen chicken returned to suppliers , washing them in chlorine , injecting them with flavoring  , repackaging them with new expiry date and selling them to smaller family run businesses EFF's 2010 Trend Watch Update on Global Internet Censorship Wikileaks has been subject to an astonishing amount of informal government pressure, which convinced a string of Internet hosting companies to drop the site. These are troubling developments. The Lucrative Business of Polluting  The Kyoto Protocols allows companies to continue polluting at home by assisting in emissions reductions abroad. If its critics are right, however, the system is being massively abused and actually discourages reductions that might otherwise be made. Chinese villager with a history of speaking out against government abuse found dead due to a traffic accident. Except Chinese netizens suspect that he may have been held down by four men as he was run over by a truck. Juarez is dying. Europe to ban hundreds of herbal remedies Former Israeli president Moshe Katsav convicted of rape. France to bring in nonWindows tablet tax Why Corporate Capital and Finance Are Waging an AllOut Cyberwar Against Wikileaks Long famed for hiding money for everyone from Nazis and drug lords to spies and dictators, the Swiss government's banking arm has decided that WikiLeaks and Assange are just too hot even for it to handle China shuts down 60,000 porn websites  Germany Final ruling says police must not use video monitoring against protesters; the practice impairs the right do demonstrate. Young Botswana boy chased and stabbed with spear for trying to run away from his own circumcision ceremony TIL sometimes the British have to hide their castles. Third Reich poster child  The incredible true story of a mans gradual realisation he was the product of a Nazi breeding scheme, a man bred to the purely beautiful  the child and pride of the bygone utopia of a pure Aryan world. Nigeria's first porn movie a big hit . Local shopkeepers reaction Some people will even come here and pretend as if they want to go home to watch the movie so that they can criticize it but deep down in their hearts, they like it. U.S. dominates Middle East arms market
 I guess some ExPresidents can be held accountable for their actions.  ExPresident of Isreal convicted of Rape Boy, 8, fighting for his life after jumping into boiling hot thermal spring
 Cryptome writes WikiLeaks obituary Sites purpose now dead in the water WikiLeaks backers say Zimbabwe websites shut down
| Reuters U.K. envoy said Israel ready to use nuclear bomb in 1980, newly released cables reveal  Documents, released under Britain's 30year rule, include Marget Thatcher saying that Israel's settlement policy was 'absurd.' Restaurant apologises after police called over festive Christmas menu
 Canadian WikiLeaks mirrors ...questions are being raised about the liability of Canadians and Canadian web companies creating and hosting [WikiLeaks mirror] sites  thereby facilitating the spread of confidential diplomatic information  should governments pursue legal action.

 Security guards in Uganda to check women's breasts for bra bombs ... in other news thousands of men claim to be security guards overnight... Read thoughtfully the last five paragraphs in James Kurth's excellent article titled The Vatican's Foreign Policy (published in 1993). Venezuela condemns imperial U.S. visa reprisal
 The struggle for East Jerusalem  Palestinian communities in East Jerusalem are waging a campaign of popular resistance against Israeli land confiscation. Dubai's finances Debt forgetfulness  The bailedout emirate insists that it is bouncing back. Russia has warned North Korea that threats to deliver preventive nuclear strikes could create a legal basis for the use of military force against the country Egypt drafts bill to ban burqa and Islamic veils in public places Google's DeepMind defeats legendary Go player Lee Sedol in historic victory China to block North Korea ships from returning home Australian scientists found a new spider that can swim and catch fish Danish 16year old girl charged with planning to bomb Jewish school Barack Obama and Justin Trudeau to join forces on climate change | Environment Saudi Arabia is seeking a bank loan of between $6 billion and $8 billion, sources familiar with the matter told Reuters, in what would be the first significant foreign borrowing by the kingdom's government for over a decade Almost half of Israeli Jews want ethnic cleansing, 'wakeup call' survey finds  Israeli President Reuven Rivlin called the findings a 'wakeup call for Israeli society' 3 Israelis hurt in separate terror attacks in Jerusalem and Petah Tikva Under pressure, India agrees to stop issuing licences for making cheap drugs  Firstpost Palestinian attacks surge during Biden visit to Israel France votes to penalize companies for refusing to decrypt devices, messages Kim Jongun says North Korea has miniaturized nuclear warhead North Korean Cargo Ship Turned Away From Rizhao, China Following New Sanctions Islamic State's de facto 'minister of war' possibly killed U.S. officials 1,000yearold 'lost' medieval village found under highway NGO wants right to toilet as a fundamental right Murdered Honduran activist Berta Cceres buried as others vow to continue fight A total of 991 land and environmental defenders were killed from 2002 to 2014 Press freedom in Turkey is 'under siege', says watchdog group Poland's Constitutional Tribunal has ruled that a raft of new laws regulating the court are unconstitutional. With its ruling Wednesday, the county's top legislative court weighed in on a legal crisis that has upended politics in the country China is building a big data plaform for precrime; Using online profile and movements, government aims to catch terrorists in advance. Court Orders One of Japan's Two Operating Nuclear Plants to Shut Down The US' Top International Drug Official Has Said That Countries Have Every Right to Decriminalize Drugs Hong Kong Bookseller Voiced Fears About China Agents Before He Disappeared Apple 'FBI could force us to turn on iPhone cameras and microphones' America has captured ISIS scientist in charge of chemical weapons Google's DeepMind beats Lee Sedol again to go 20 up in historic Go series Isis files leak will throw group into 'crisis mode' as thousands of fighters' names and personal details revealed | Middle East | News Chinas solar and wind energy capacity increased by 74% and 34%, respectively, in 2015, while coal consumption dropped by 3.7% Irish economy grows at fastest pace since 2000 at 7.8% A deadly algal bloom has hit the world's second biggest salmon exporter, Chile, where nearly 23 million fish have already died and the economic impact from lost production is seen soaring to $800 million. One of ISIS's top commanders that the US likely just killed was a 'star pupil' of USspecial forces training Australian Prepaid mobile plans are increasingly expiring after 28 days, not 30 days, meaning customers pay for a 13th month in a year. $81M stolen from Bangladesh central bank in online heist (additional $870M transfer blocked) China signals interest in denuclearization talks without North Korea Former paid agent of Swedish Security Police dictated Amnesty Swedens stance against Assange  celebrated Swedish activist turns out to be government spy Migrant crisis Macedonia shuts border The Saskatchewan government bought oneway bus tickets to Vancouver B.C. for homeless men denied funding to stay at a homeless shelter Nearly 500000 migrants reached Greece in quarter four  EU border agency Iran Told to Pay $10.5 Billion to Sept. 11 Kin, Insurers Paris withdraws threat to recognize Palestine if peace confab fails US to employ bank fraud law in VW emissions probe The US Justice Department has reportedly issued embattled German carmaker Volkswagen a subpoena under a financial fraud law, which observers regarded as an escalation in the VW emissions cheating probe Climate change contributes to worst drought in Middle East in over 900 years Record number of African rhinos killed in 2015 Finnish physicists tap into the dark state, produce 'qutrits' for a promising alternative approach to quantum computing CocaCola has spent $1.7 million funding Australian health groups over five years N. Korea fires two shortrange missile into East Sea Biden criticizes PA for not condemning terrorism Peru Indigenous Group Releases Officials Over Oil Spill Demands.The Peruvian government recently declared a stateofemergency after 16 Amazon rainforest communities were adversely affected by extreme environmental damage following a series of major oil spills Revealed the 30year economic betrayal dragging down Generation Ys income. Exclusive new data shows how debt, unemployment and property prices have combined to stop millennials taking their share of western wealth. Canada plans to experiment with giving people unconditional free money (universal basic income) Nearly 2000 AK47 rifles seized by Australian sailors from Somaliabound fishing boat 6% Water Left In Marathwada Dams, Farmers Blame Government For Suicides.We feed the entire nation and we ourselves are starving. The entire nation eats what we grow and here we die. No actually we don't kill ourselves, the government is killing us. North Korea threatens preemptive nuclear strike on South, US Israel will soon begin to deploy one of the most sophisticated missile defense systems in the world, with US help. Over 31,000 women are currently pregnant within the socalled Islamic State, new report reveals  Theres a systematic creation of the next generation of mujahideen... the next generation of fighters Climate change is destroying the world's coral, which are now in the midst of their 3rd global bleaching event. Death of Chinese Woman Trapped in Elevator for Month Stokes Uproar India's big move into solar is already paying off Sewage analysis shows methamphetamine use soaring in Queensland Scientists at the University of Cambridge have for the first time shown that it is possible to derive from a human embryo socalled 'nave' pluripotent stem cells  one of the most flexible types of stem cell, which can develop into all human tissue other than the placenta. Underground network of tunnels discovered in UK was a druid temple dating back more than 2,000 years, claims historian World's oldest chameleon found in amber fossil 100 million years old Perfect weather conditions are causing a spider boom in Sydney Australia Women march in Warsaw for greater accessibility to abortion New ISIS Video Shows Execution Of Alleged Russian Spy, Threatens Attack On Vladimir Putin French parliament votes to penalise smartphone makers over encryption North Korea threatens to beat up the US U.S. builds two air bases in Kurdishcontrolled north Syria (The Syrian Kurds have established control over wide areas of northern Syria since the country erupted into civil war in 2011, and their YPG militia has become a major partner in the U.S.led coalition against Islamic State) Scientists to Drill DinosaurKilling Impact Crater for 1st Time  Expedition off Yucatn coast to drill Chicxulub impact crater, where a 6miwide space rock collided with Earth 66M yrs ago. It killed 1/2 of life on Earth & led to the ascendence of birds & mammals. A scientific paper on the anatomy of the human hand has been retracted by a leading scientific journal following criticism of references it made to a creator. International Women's Day Rally in Turkey Turns Violent Suicide truck bombing by ISIS kills at least 61, Iraqi officials say New IRA Claims Responsibility for Belfast Bomb Attack An indigenous community in the Peruvian Amazon took at least eight public officials hostage to demand help from the central government after an oil spill polluted its lands, authorities said Monday. Cannabis legalisation in the UK 'would raise 1bn a year in taxes'  Study calls for UK to follow lead of some US states & allow the sale of cannabis to over18s in licensed retail stores Netanyahu declines offer to meet with Obama White House More than 150 killed in Deadly US drone strike in Somalia International Women's Day Russia topped ranking of countries with the highest percentage of women in senior business roles Turkish authorities have seized control of another opposition news agency Hong Kong Home Sales Tumble 70% as Slowdown Intensifies Venezuela 28 miners apparently kidnapped, murdered and disappeared by governmentrelated forces One of Chinas most respected current affairs magazines has lashed out at Communist party censorship of its work, just weeks after the president, Xi Jinping, demanded absolute loyalty from his countrys media. The United States wants to regularly rotate longrange heavy bombers through Australia, as concerns grow over China's military expansion in the AsiaPacific region. Thousands of refugees see border effectively closed EU leaders said Monday said they had reached the outlines of a possible deal with Ankara to return thousands of migrants to Turkey, and also said that irregular flows of migrants along the Western Balkans route have now come to an end. U.S. builds two air bases in Kurdishcontrolled north Syria Kurdish report 'Exceptional' woman's 2,500yearold seal unearthed in Jerusalem China exports plunge 25% from a year ago While the rest of the world's glaciers are shrinking, Pakistan's glaciers are growing. A phenomenon called ' The Karakoram Anomaly ' China hints at global military bases The Egyptian government has barred journalists from reporting on events in the troubled Sinai peninsula. Iraqi migrants return after Europe disappoints Almost 16 million people face hunger in Southern Africa because of a drought exacerbated by an El Nino weather pattern and that number could climb to almost 50 million China Feb exports slump 25.4 pct, worse fall since May 2009 White House 'surprised' Netanyahu spurning offer to meet Obama Actors and a production company are under investigation after creating It's just a prank videos where actors pretended to be suicide bombers. Tunisia bloodied 53 dead in clashes near Libyan border Malaysian deputy PM says Daesh attempted to kidnap prime minister One in three Arab women fears violence within family China bans depictions of gay people, adultery, one night stands, cleavage and reincarnation on television Peanut allergy risk reduced by up to 80% by consuming peanuts as an infant, research suggests Philippines seizes North Korean ship Refugee children at Calais 'Jungle' camp are being raped, aid workers claim Italian City Bans New Ethnic Restaurants  Verona, home of Romeo & Juliet, stopping new eateries from opening that mainly serve kebabs, gyros & fried food. Mayor has tried to justify ban by saying its the best way to preserve the citys culture & traditions. South Koreans kick off efforts to clone extinct Siberian cave lions 'El Chapo' entered US twice while a fugitive report Gunmen Kill Honduran Indigenous Environmentalist Leader Berta Cceres Pakistan Admits Taliban Leaders Are Living There Europes harsh new message for migrants Do not come Dairy Farm Accused of Beating Cows Finally Faces Charges After Two Years Report North Korean diplomats smuggling luxury goods through Mongolia Gunmen Kill 14 at Nursing Home in Yemen Started by Mother Teresa Crows and parrots have sophisticated thinking skills on a par with those of apes such as chimpanzees, researchers claim. Malawi police chief issues shoottokill order against albino killers  Criminal gangs, nicknamed albino hunters, have embarked on a reign of terror across Malawi, often killing albinos in broad daylight without mercy or remorse A Turkish court has put Zaman newspaper  a vocal critic of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  under state control Tibet boy who set himself on fire to protest China's occupation dies UK to spend $900 milllion more on nuclear sub program Reports Fessenheim nuclear accident played down by French authorities  Reactor had to be shut down by adding boron to the pressure vessel, an unprecedented procedure in Western Europe Terrorist Anders Breivik 'inhumane treatment' claim rejected by Norway Loonie above 75 cents US for first time since November The four largest Chinese banks have stopped yuan and dollar cash transfers to North Korea The reported measure is part of rising international pressure on Pyongyang following its latest nuclear test and rocket launch earlier this year Syrian Army defeats ISIS at the Deir Ezzor Military Airport SpaceX rocket successfully delivers a commercial satellite into orbit, but couldn't quite manage to stick the landing during an audacious attempt to touch down on a drone ship at sea Attack on Indian Consulate in Afghanistan; originated from Pakistan Former President Karzai Shameful Day for Free Press in Turkey last headline for Zaman newspaper, largest newspaper in Turkey, as government seizes control President Putin has suspended the transfer of S300 to Iran in light of Tehrans violation of an earlier pledge not to provide Russianmade weaponry to Hezbollah Donald Trump A Threat To Peace And Prosperity, German Vice Chancellor Says Isis 'studied Nazi methods' to create own version of Hitler Youth and train child killers from birth  As many as 50 children from the UK are said to be among the 'future mujahideen' forced to hold up decapitated heads and carry out brutal executions Police have found a second bomb in a residential street in west Belfast. 99myearold lizard trapped in amber could give clue to 'lost ecosystem' China bans North Korea money transfers Fukushima Tokyo was on the brink of nuclear catastrophe, admits former prime minister Former US military adviser David Kilcullen says there would be no Isis without Iraq invasion Ruling Party Wins Slovakia's Election, NeoNazis Gain 14 Seats Russia stoking refugee unrest in Germany to topple Angela Merkel Billionaire Iranian businessman Babak Zanjani sentenced to death on corruption charges, justice officials say In a First, Pakistan warns India of terrorist attack, High alert issued across the nation Us Returns Historical Documents Stolen From Russia In 90's Afghanistan ruled safe enough to deport asylumseekers from UK 99 sexual abuse cases against UN peacekeepers High alert sounded after tunnel found on IndiaPakistan border Gold miners infected with lung diseases brought on by repeated exposure to the dust of South Africa's mines have won a multimillion dollar outofcourt settlement. Anglo American South Africa and AngloGold Ashanti have agreed to pay the equivalent of $32,595,800 to claimants affected by silicosis Turkey warned that seizure of Zaman newspaper 'jeopardises' accession to EU as press freedom crackdown continues Electricity returns to Aleppo for the 1st time since October 2015 Civilians rise up against ISIS rule in Raqqa City government Refugee crisis Greek governor urges state of emergency Driverless lorries to be trialled in UK Christian missionary, filmmaker arrested in Sudan Expert Meager food allowances leaving Qatar workers hungry North Korea launches shortrange missiles into Sea of Japan hours after UN Sanctions A powerful Pakistani religious body that advises the government on the compatibility of laws with Islam on Thursday declared a new law that criminalizes violence against women to be unIslamic. Two of the worlds biggest coffee companies, Nestl and Jacobs Douwe Egberts, admit that beans from Brazilian plantations using slave labour may have ended up in their coffee Argentine Nobel Prize winner to Obama Don't visit March 24, because it's the 40th anniversary of a coup that installed a military government that had U.S. backing NASA Drought in Middle East is the worst in 900 years A TV ad aired by the Church of Scientology in the UK has been banned for misleading viewers with a claim the church gives aid to tens of millions of people. Blackout hits Syria, leaving entire country without electricity In Sydney, Australia, the penalties for cyclists who don't wear helmets or run red lights have gone up by 600%. African elephants 'killed faster than they are being born' The new data, released on UN world wildlife day on Thursday, shows about 60% of elephant deaths are at the hands of poachers, meaning the overall population is most likely to be falling. A senior Pakistani official has admitted publicly for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in Pakistan. Internet trolls could face criminal charges for creating fake profiles, according to guidance being considered for prosecutors in England and Wales. Berta Cceres, Honduran indigenous leader and Goldman Prize winner, assassinated in her home Russia and Syria 'weaponising' refugee crisis to destabilise Europe, Nato commander claims Problematic fossil turns out to be oldest known example of life on land  This 440 millionyrold fungus helped life take root outside the oceans. China set to surpass its climate targets as renewables soar Digging into Dieselgate EU parliament looks into emissions cheating  It's not just Volkswagen it's all car manufacturers that are cheating on emissions, if activists are to be believed. European parliamentarians now want to get to the bottom of what's been coined 'Dieselgate' Islamic State (ISIS) is exploiting national banking operations in Iraq and could be making up to $25 million a month in Middle Eastern money markets US Delivers 8 Black Hawks to Jordan for Its AntiIS Battle Egypt parliament expels MP for dining with Israeli ambassador Nanny Who Says Beheaded Russian Child to Avenge Syria Strikes 'Mentally Unsound' Adblocking is a 'modernday protection racket', says culture secretary Gang burns seven people to death over witchcraft claims in Malawi Brazil reports 5,909 Microcephaly cases since October 2015 Zika virus outbreak Only Russia wants Britain to leave the EU, says Philip Hammond Debris in Mozambique Is Thought to Come From Malaysia Airlines Plane Kim Jongun orders nuclear weapons to be made ready for use Mexican Officials Pass Proposal To Ban Donald Trump From Their Country Tens of thousands of Nigerian fishermen and farmers were given the green light to sue energy giant Shell in a British court on Wednesday for a series of destructive oil spills in the Niger delta over the past decade. BP chief receives 20% pay package hike despite record loss and 7,000 axed jobs. At time of crisis for oil company Bob Dudley earned 14m last year, an amount the High Pay Centre describes as out of contact with reality. UK, Facebook forced to pay millions more in tax after widespread controversy of only paying 4,327 in taxes last year. Refugee crisis puts truckers lives at risk, says road transport lobby World food prices fall 14.5%, even as Canadian food prices climb  Business Monsanto has threatened to pull out of India if the government imposed a big cut in royalties that local firms pay for its genetically modified cotton seeds Average temperatures across the Northern Hemisphere have breached the 2 degrees Celsius above normal mark for the first time in recorded history Scientists 'find cancer's Achilles heel' Pakistani police rescued a nineyearold girl from being married off to a 14yearold boy to settle a family dispute on Friday and arrested four village elders who had ordered the compensation wedding. French bill carries 5year jail sentence for company refusals to decrypt data for police The U.S. just sent a carrier strike group to confront China Spain seizes 20,000 ISIS military uniforms Russia's military intelligence chief killed in secret operation in Lebanon Japanese women are being exploited and abused in Japans multibillion dollar pornographic film industry, rights advocates said on Thursday, calling on authorities to strengthen laws to protect them Brazil Petrobras scandal Police raid former president Lula's home NASA's Scott Kelly grew 2 inches while in space. Labour Leader, Jeremy Corbyn, in favour of decriminalising the sex industry. Honduran Indian leader Berta Caceres, who won the 2015 Goldman Environmental Prize for her role in fighting a dam project, was murdered Thursday. Caceres, a Lenca Indian activist, had previously complained of receiving death threats from police, soldiers and local landowners because of her work Spain Seizes 20,000 Military Uniforms Bound for ISIS Gulf nations declare Hezbollah a terrorist group 'Huge drop' in civilian deaths after Syria truce monitor Kremlin Russia concerned by North Korea's readiness to use nuclear arms Singapore Owner Recounts How Singapore Classified a Tesla as a GasGuzzler Equivalent and taxes him accordingly. A young British woman has become one of the first cancer patients to be injected with a new vaccine designed to stimulate the immune system so that it destroys tumours wherever they have spread in the body. Magnitude 8.2 Quake Measured 763 Miles Southwest of Malaysian Capital Mormon leader 'There are no homosexual members of the church.' Pentagon to sell $683 million in weaponry to Turkey in deal signed today Russian Faces Up to Year in Prison for Denying Existence of God Nato commander Isis spreading like cancer among refugees Mosul dam engineers warn it could fail at any time, killing 1m people Study British need to retire at 81 to get parents standard. The report says without significantly higher levels of engagement in pensions, we may be witnessing the death of retirement. ISIS now deploying women in combat roles South Korean opposition lawmakers have ended a parliamentary filibuster that lasted 192 hours, which is believed to have set a new world record. They were trying to block an antiterrorism bill which they said threatened personal freedoms. Hamas Commander, accused of theft and gay sex, is killed by his own Antiimmigrant 'Soldiers of Odin' expand from Finland to Nordics, Baltics Turkey 1,845 cases opened for insulting Erdogan Hamburg Is the 1st City to Ban SingleUse Coffee Pods  You wont find them in its govt buildings China takes Philippine atoll The Chinese have taken over another traditional Filipino fishing ground near Palawan where they have stationed up to five ships to keep local fishermen at bay, sources said. UK spying laws Government introduces law requiring WhatsApp and iMessage to be broken Modern slavery widespread among East Asia migrant domestic workers  researchers Gay Iranian poet seeking Israel asylum gets visa extension Osama bin Laden's handwritten will reveals he left $40 million fortune to jihad instead of family ISIS Burned Alive Their Own Fighters Who Didn't Fight To The Death After Lossing Ramadi Battle 19mile razor wire fence built on Macedonia's border to stop a human tide of migrants as Greece is told it faces being 'sacrificed' to save the EU Russian prosecutors say that a nanny accused of killing and then decapitating a 4year old girl in Moscow was not acting on her own. Prosecutors told the court that they believe that individuals who incited her to carry out the slaying are still at large. Rotherham child abuser's son guilty of witness intimidation Russia and Syria are weaponising migration as an aggressive strategy towards Europe, the senior Nato commander in Europe has said February Shatters Global Temperature Records Don't mess with the farmer's daughter. Holy crap. b'Slovenia raises taxes on executive bonuses to 90% for companies receiving bailout money' b'Chinese dwarves set up their own village A community of dwarves has set up its own village to escape discrimination from normal sized people.   ' b'BBC News acquired amateur footage of a tsunami wave coming ashore Samoa' b'In historic move, Turkey and Armenia to formally establish diplomatic ties' b'Earlier this week, about 150 local residents and plainclothes police used violence to force as many monks from a monastery run by followers of Buddhist exile Thich Nhat Hanh. The Vietnamese government has won, said Sister Dang Nghiem. Everything is smashed.' b'Asteroid Strikes Pacific Ocean  Creates Rogue Wave over 100ft tall??? ' Food Wars? In the next 50 years the world's population will eat as much food as it has consumed over human history. 'No. Come on. Stop it.' Polanski's rape of 13 year old was not 'statutory' rape but his fellow elite still give him a pass Guinea junta troops 'killed and raped hundreds at democracy rally' b'The Islamificafion of Gaza new rules prohibit topless MEN from bathing at the beach, wearing shorts on own balcony' b'Here we go again. Another major Earthquake, another Tsunami warning. 7.9 Earthquake rocks Indonesia.' b'EU investigation blames Georgia for starting war with Russia in 2008' b'Eyewitness On air filmed the second wave hitting the harbour when tsunami hit Samoa (W/Video)' b'Israel Takes Delivery of 2 GermanBuilt U212 Subs. The submarines, called U212s, can launch cruise missiles carrying nuclear warheads, although when it confirmed the sale in 2006 the German government said the two vessels were not equipped to carry nuclear weapons.' b'Decapitation School fete turns violent' Population Europe's problems will grow as it shrinks b'Nothing in war is safe, not even leaflets. Young girl is killed by RAF leaflet drop in Afghanistan' Juan Cole Is the media exaggerating the Iranian nuke threat? If Iran is open to U.N. inspections, it's probably not constructing nuclear weapons Iranians students haven't been cowed by this summer's violence and subsequent crackdown  they started the school year by protesting Ahmadinejad in spite of the risks they faced from doing so b'An earthquake of magnitude 7.9 has struck off the Indonesian island of Sumatra.' b'French unease at telecom suicides' b'Japans government plans to submit legislation to allow married women to keep their maiden names' b'By 2050, 25m more children will go hungry as climate change leads to food crisis' b'France Records 13% Rise in Arms Sales. The United States led with 52.3 percent of the world market, followed by Britain with 13.7 percent, and Russia 8.2 percent. Israel is the fifthlargest arms exporter with a 5 percent share.' U.K. Government rejects immunity for public officials who blow whistle on child sex abuse Excop claims a royal was in paedophile ring but inquiry was closed to shield Buckingham Palace from scandal Scotland Yard Investigated for Protecting Pedophiles in U.K. Suspected Nazi hideout found deep in Argentine jungle Singapores first Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew dies aged 91 Oil spills keep devastating Niger Delta Amnesty International is blaming two oil giants for more than 500 oil spills in Nigeria's Niger Delta in 2014 Rhinos with poisoninfused horns are roaming the bush in South Africa, frightening away poachers who dont want sell a toxic product to their clients Japan to build huge, costly sea wall to fend off tsunamis Russian Official Tells London to 'Have a Twix' and Rethink Crimea Shell oil drilling in Arctic set to get US government permission Polish Army summons reservists Bronze Bust of Putin as Roman Emperor to Be Unveiled Oil price unlikely to rebound  Saudi official McCain Congress could defund UN if US backs Palestine bid Documents Reveal Canadas Secret Hacking Tactics Paris ends smogfighting traffic restrictions after one day Australian PM's Great Barrier Reef plan slammed English 'car park king' Richard III gets final burial. The discovery was confirmed by a DNA match with Richard's closest living relative  Canadian carpenter Michael Ibsen, who fittingly has now made the monarch's oak coffin. UN warns world could have 40 per cent water shortfall by 2030 Afghan woman, Farkhunda, killed for burning Koran laid to rest; investigator says she was innocent The UK will no longer tolerate the behaviour of Islamist extremists who reject our values, Home Secretary Theresa May has said. A Sydney theatre has refused a booking from a Jewish cultural group in a potential breach of racediscrimination laws Our policy does not support colonialism/Zionism. Therefore we do not host groups that support the colonisation and occupation of Palestine. Greek PM wrote to Merkel warning of impossible debt obligation Saudi's Opec governor Oil price unlikely to rebound New Zealand's GCSB spies monitored diplomats in line for World Trade Organisation job | Exclusive  Secret document reveals Five Eyes software used for surveillance on candidates for WTO job. Report UK Selling billions in arms exports to countries on the human rights blacklist The US just confiscated a $180 million boat shipment of cocaine from Colombian drug traffickers Norway offers to increase EU gas supplies to reduce dependence on Russia. The coffin of a woman, killed by a mob in Kabul on an apparently false charge, has been carried by women, marking a break with Afghan funeral customs. Attackers yelling 'we will kill you' storm synagogue in London suburb. Ukrainian Former President Yanukovych's Son Reportedly Found Dead in Lake Baikal China Introduces 70% Solar Subsidy For The Poor Costa Rica Has Gotten All Of Its Energy From Renewables For 75 Days Straight UK Governments Intelligence Services Allowed To Snoop Anywhere On The Internet For Any Reason Chinese national flag found mounted to wreckage of sunk WW2 era Japanese warship Award known as the Nobel Prize for water given to an Indian campaigner who has brought water to 1,000 villages Belgium is abolishing all prison sentences under one year Serbia Asks People To Please Stop Throwing Their Grenades In The Garbage Icelandic Pirate Partys rapid rise may result in citizenship for Snowden  The Icelandic parliament has the power to bestow citizenship on applicants by a simple majority vote President Obama ''We take Netanyahu at his word when he said a Palestinian state wouldn't happen during his tenure'' Maxi pads seized in Lebanon 35 times more radioactive than limit Negotiations on the TransPacific Partnership, a potentially worldchanging trade agreement, are close to completion after nearly a decade, people involved in the talks have told CNBC. Tens of Thousands Flood Dublin Demanding Abolition of Austerity Tax On Water. Tesla selfdriving cars to be enabled through an AutoPilot update releasing soon Swedens King Carl XVI Gustaf expressed concern over his countrys diplomatic row with Saudi Arabia, offering to help in resolving the issue. The spat was triggered when Sweden's Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom launched an attack on Saudi Arabia and criticized its judicial system. Turkeys top religious body says in vitro fertilization contains adultery elements, is not acceptable Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogans decision to change this years Gallipoli commemoration to coincide with Armenias marking of the 100th anniversary of the genocide was a cynical act. Pirate Party founder 'We need to reconquer democracy' Islamic State has posted online what it says are the names, U.S. addresses and photos of 100 American military service members, and called upon its brothers residing in America to kill them. King Richard III of England and France returns to the battlefield where 530 years ago he was slain Paris will cut the number of cars on the road in half beginning Monday and is making public transit free to combat a spike in pollution that has obscured even the Eiffel Tower under a smoggy haze Monsanto weed killer can 'probably' cause cancer World Health Organization Danish warships could become legitimate nuclear targets, warns Russian ambassador A record 38% of young Icelanders would now vote for the Pirate Party Putin calls for currency union with exSoviet allies China Airlines stewardess possibly spreads rubella to over 1,000 passengers The Abbott government has pledged an extra $100 million as part of a longterm plan for the Great Barrier Reef that it hopes will prevent the international embarrassment of having the precious site declared officially in danger by the World Heritage Committee. Ethiopia burns six tonnes of elephant ivory, vowing 'zero tolerance' to poachers Islamic State Hacking Division Posts Names and Addresses of US Military Members Behead Them in Their Homes Judge orders release of military detainee abuse photos  The U.S. must release photographs showing abuse of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, a federal judge has ruled in a longrunning clash over letting the world see potentially disturbing images of how the military treated prisoners UK Police Deem Snowden Leak Investigation a State Secret 100 ThroatSlit Corpses Left By Boko Haram In what appears to be an execution site for the Islamist group, the partially mummified bodies were found beneath a bridge. Mexican woman who lived through revolution dies at 127 Iran leader says all nuclear issues can be resolved in talks Soldiers from Chad and Niger retook a major Nigerian town from Boko Haram; Nigerian soldiers didn't assist in the assault because they are afraid. Aboriginal 'Lifestyle Choice' to Live in Australia's Outback Will No Longer be Supported . India approves rule requiring onethird of Delhi police to be women.Decision following 2012 Delhi gang rape aims to make police more gender sensitive as city grapples with widespread violence against women. The UK government provided hundreds of millions of pounds worth of support for a controversial energy project in Brazil that is now at the centre of a sprawling corruption scandal engulfing the countrys political and business elite. German power net survives solar eclipse  An amount of power equivalent to the output of 10 nuclear power plants was coming onstream as the moon's disc gradually ended its occlusion of the sun's Two months after the jihadist attack in which staff at the French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo were murdered, a split has emerged in the newsroom over the nearly 30 million euros received since the killings The European Union has produced an explosive new report recommending sanctions against Israel over its construction policies and security measures in Jerusalem Afghan cleric and others defend lynching of woman in Kabul An Afghan cleric and a police official on Friday defended the lynching of a woman in central Kabul after a mob was filmed stamping on the woman and smashing a brick on her head after she was accused of burning a Koran, Islam's holy book. 'Things happen' Australian PM on sexual assault in immigrations detention Biologists seek ban on human genome editing, which has recently become easy with a new technique Wild Bee Decline A Sign of Europe's 'Ecological Disaster' Nearly 10 percent of wild bee species in Europe face extinction, according to new study France decrees new rooftops must be covered in plants or solar panels. All new buildings in commercial zones across the country must comply with new environmental legislation The CIA Just Declassified the Document That Supposedly Justified the Iraq Invasion The Australian government just passed a bill that forces ISPs to store and allow police warrantless access to the internet browsing history of all Australians Today there was an 9899% solar eclipse in Iceland. Today they also started building the first pagan temple to be built in a 1000 years in Europe. Fracking costs outweigh benefits for Germany and Europe, study says. For only a ten year supply of energy, fracking in Europe would contaminate drinking water, cause severe environmental damage and create vast industrial landscapes US threatened Berlin with intel blackout over Snowden asylum. 1 in 10 wild bees face extinction in Europe  If we don't address the roots of the decline in wild bees, and act urgently to stop it, we could pay a very heavy price indeed ExCanadian astronaut on Mars One Nobody is going anywhere in 10 years Highend Laos resort serves up illegal wildlife for Chinese tourists  Shocking undercover investigation finds restaurants offering live bear cubs to eat on request washed down with tiger bone wine in the lawless playground of Laos Golden Triangle Special Economic Zone. 77 dead in Mosque bombings in Yemen 137 Killed, 345 Injured in Suicide Attacks on Yemen Mosques Crystal with Forbidden Symmetry Found in 4.5BillionYearOld Meteorite  Based on experiments with Xrays, the newly discovered quasicrystal has a structure that resembles flat 10sided disks stacked in a column. This 10fold symmetry is an impossible structure in ordinary crystals A mob in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed a woman and set her body alight for allegedly burning a copy of the Koran. US President Barack Obama has told the Iranian people that a deal to transform the relationship between the two countries could be within reach. Violence cost Mexico $233 billion, or 17% GDP 600 Indian Students Expelled for Cheating on School Exams Conservationist murders threaten Costa Rica's ecofriendly reputation The brutal murder of Jairo Mora, who was trying to protect endangered turtle eggs, was the latest in a string of crimes against environmentalists in the country @the_intercept New Zealand used NSA's surveillance system to target officials and an anticorruption campaigner who published leaks Netanyahu to NBC I want a peaceful twostate solution China to build $1bn solar power plant in Ghana Lithuania Reintroduces Military Conscription Amid Concern Over Russia Three officials in China have resigned after an endangered Siberian tiger cub leapt to its death from an 11th floor apartment in Qingdao, eastern China, state media have reported. The Vatican announced Friday that a Scottish cardinal has resigned over allegations of sexual misconduct  the first time someone of that high office in the Catholic Church has resigned since the 1920s. Reuters became the latest website blocked in China, joining the New York Times, Bloomberg News, and Wall Street Journal Pitcairn Islands to get world's largest single marine reserve  UK govt gives go ahead in the 2015 budget to a vast marine protected area in the Pacific thats home to more than 80 species of fish, coral and algae WikiLeaks Reveals TPP Proposal Allowing Corporations to Sue Nations Australia's 140 top polluters will set their own limits for future pollution virtually penalty free, according to the Government's latest Direct Action policy paper. The Pentagon has declassified a document that was once labeled topsecret, which goes into sophisticated detail about Israels nuclear weapons program. Astronaut Scott Kelly will return from a year in space both older and younger than his twin brother Alps crash copilot 'hid existing illness' Boko Haram headquarters destroyed, Nigerian military claims Germanwings crash prompts airlines to introduce cockpit 'rule of 2,' including Norwegian Air, easyJet, Air Transat, Air Canada; rule is routine among US carriers Spookception US spied on Israel spying on USIran nuke talks Dutch capital of Amsterdam and surrounding areas have been hit by a major power outage. Several members of Pope Francis' sex abuse advisory board are expressing concern and incredulity over his decision to appoint a Chilean bishop to a diocese despite allegations that he covered up for Chile's most notorious pedophile Germanwings plane disaster German police probe copilot. Police says they found evidence that may be a very significant clue to what has happened. 1 in 20 students in UK worked in sex trade to fund living cost. China's coal use falling faster than expected. Cleanfuel policies, as well as an economy growing at its slowest pace in 25 years, are driving lower coal use, with power companies using a greater mix of hydro, nuclear and renewable options, especially wind. An Ebola vaccine has been developed and shown successful in primates Arab states agree to form unified military force Cane toads by the million lined up for export to China as anticancer remedy  Researchers at the University of Queensland hope to send premium cane toads after discovering their venom has anticancer properties Catholic priest Anthony McSweeney, 68, jailed for assaulting boy at children's home in west London between 19791981 DNA Tests Uncover Evidence Of Infidelity In Royal Family Tree An estimated 4,000 foreign fishermen are stranded on a number of remote islands in eastern Indonesia, including men revealed in an Associated Press investigation to have been enslaved, an aid group said Massive Underground City Found in Cappadocia Region of Turkey The Chinese government has unveiled an initiative called Sky Net to better coordinate its fight against suspected corrupt officials who have fled overseas. A major publisher of scholarly medical and science articles, BioMed Central, based in the United Kingdom, has retracted 43 papers because of fabricated peer reviews amid signs of a broader fake peer review racket affecting many more publications. U.S. Confirms It Is Supporting Saudi Military Operations In Yemen Report 3,508 children sexually abused in Pakistan Russia won't 'bend down' in standoff with West, Putin says Germanwings Pilot Was Locked Out of Cockpit Before Crash in France Germanwings plane crash Copilot 'started descent' GermanWings 9525  Villagers in Alps show solidarity and are welcoming victims families in hotels and their homes for free. Have also setup a temporary chapel in the school gym and offered to act as translators to the families. Both major Australian political parties pass sweeping mass surveillance laws. Phone & Internet records to be kept for 2 years U.S. Ready to Back Iran With Airstrikes Against ISIS Iran and the U.S. say theyve been fighting parallel wars in Iraq. But those two campaigns appear ready to become one Chechnya Speaker Vows To Arm Mexico If U.S. Gives Weapons To Ukraine A bomb blast ripped through the Istanbul offices of a radical, proISIS magazine killing a writer and wounding its editorinchief as well as two other people on Wednesday night. UK drew wrong conclusion from its neonicotinoids study, scientist says  Reanalysis of a Food & Environment Agency study may provide 1st conclusive evidence that neonicotinoids pesticides are a key factor in bee decline, despite it originally being used to support the opposite view Scotland is to ban smoking in cars with children, bringing it into line with forthcoming legislation in England and Wales to protect young people from secondhand smoke. Russia prepares to lease 12 bombers to Argentina Saudi warplanes bomb Houthi positions in Yemen US hands over 10 armored Humvees to Ukraine Putin drafts another 150,000 men into Russian army Armenia recognizes Assyrian and Greek genocides Amnesty International charges Palestinians with war crimes during Gaza conflict EU hopes to abolish Internet geoblocking  The European Commission has said it is resolved to do away with the common practice of the user IPbased blocking of some digital content on the Internet. It said geoblocking stood in the way of a modern digital market Falkland Islands Fear Russian Backed Attack Support for the death penalty among the British public has dropped below 50% for the first time despite it being suspended 50 years ago Researchers say antidepressants have sexual side effects in teens too and the effects haven't been widely studied. We are essentially conducting an experiment on our kids. Norway parliament approves new climate change law. Overwhelming majority of lawmakers back plans for country to draft tough legislation to address greenhouse gas emissions Germany bans Islamist militant group Tauhid Germany Iran asks for immediate halt to military operations in Yemen Egyptian security and military officials say Saudi Arabia and Egypt will lead a ground operation in Yemen against Shiite rebels and their allies after a campaign of airstrikes to weaken them. Israel suspends E.Jerusalem settlement building plan Ukraine crisis Four dead as passenger bus hits landmine There was no tape draped across a finish line, but NASA is celebrating a win. The agency's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity completed its first Red Planet marathon Tuesday  26.219 miles (42.195 kilometers)  with a finish time of roughly 11 years and two months. Chinese scientists have built the worlds first hydrogenpowered tram and water is it's only emission Costa Rica is now running completely on renewable energy Costa Rica is running without having to burn a single fossil fuel, and its been doing so for 75 straight days. Jeremy Clarkson dropped from Top Gear, BBC confirms Kraft Foods to merge with Heinz creating worlds fifthlargest food group Motion To Legalize Cannabis In Italy Receives BiPartisan Support Russia proposes superhighway. London to New York City by car. Palestinians demonstrate after Egypt cuts power supply 'GuiltRidden' Japanese Engineer Kills Self HarakiriStyle over Bridge Collapse in Turkey UK 'involved in mass murder on British soil, colluded with loyalist paramilitaries in 80 deaths between 1972 and 1978' On Tuesday, President Barack Obama dismissed Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus efforts to walk back his rejection of a Palestinian state and warned that the Jewish leaders comments could empower extremists and lead to violence in the region. Two Turkish cartoonists charged with insulting Erdogan face up to two years in prison for allegedly drawing one of the men making a certain gesture implying Erdogan was gay. Venezuelan doctors say they are being forced to return to outdated treatments because the country's economic crisis. We're practicing medicine from the 1940s here Ultranationalist Ukrainian battalion gears up for more fighting EU Dont use Facebook if you want to keep the NSA away from your data Iran says no to surprise inspections of nuclear sites China gives list to US of 'corrupt' officials it would like sent back | World news Saudi Arabia building up military near Yemen border NASA states that a 1000 metre wide asteroid will 'skim' the Earth on friday. An occurrence that happens once every 5000 years. Russia Tries, and Fails, to Stop UN SameSex Staff From Getting Benefits AP Investigation Men forced to work as slaves to catch seafood for global supply Wild animals can predict earthquakes several weeks before they strike, and motionactivated cameras that track their movements could be adopted in quakeprone countries as an affordable early warning system. Japan's Maritime Self Defense Force on Wednesday took delivery of the biggest Japanese warship since World War Two, the Izumo, a helicopter carrier as big as the Imperial Navy aircraft carriers that battled the United States in the Pacific. UN thwarts Russia over gay staff rights Boy, eight, on his way to join ISIS with his mother and sister had scrawled 'Jihad' on his garden shed before leaving Airliner crashes in French Alps White House chief of staff 50 years of Israeli occupation must end U.S. cannot pretend Netanyahu didn't say no Palestinian state would be established on his watch, Denis McDonough tells J Street conference in Washington. North Korea demands Obama to return Nobel Peace Prize Indian Supreme Court strikes down law that allowed the government to arrest people for posting offensive statements online Beijing to Shut All Major Coal Power Plants to Cut Pollution Cuba booming as tourists flock there before Americans come. US troops driving through Poland get warm welcome Report Israel spied on US nuclear talks with Iran Wild African elephants on verge of extinction, say experts  The African elephant population dropped by 80,000 from 2006 to 2013, largely because of poaching Snowden should be allowed a public interest defense, say European lawmakers | A call to extend whistleblower protection to those working in national security. The Swedish air force intercepted four Russian military jets flying without transponders along Sweden's east coast on Tuesday morning Huge unexploded WWII bomb found in London The Great Barrier Reef is under siege. About half of the reefs coral died between 1985 and 2012. Yemen 'on the brink' of civil war British Royal family member was investigated as part of paedophile ring before coverup, excop says Topsecret documents obtained by the CBC show Canada's electronic spy agency has developed a vast arsenal of cyberwarfare tools to hack into computers and phones in many parts of the world, including in friendly trade countries like Mexico and hotspots like the Middle East. Australian Senator Scott Ludlam reveals Opposition Leader Bill Shorten's phone number in protest against new surveillance laws likely to be passed Friday The Ukrainian government has given the private army of billionaire Dnepropetrovsk governor Igor Kolomoysky a day to lay down their weapons, after they occupied and erected a fence around the headquarters of the national oil company. Russia 'pouring' arms into Ukraine Russia to cut down on 5th gen fighter purchases due to new economic situation Create unrest Canadas CSE agency includes false flag operations as part of newlyrevealed cyberwarfare scope Researchers at The Ohio State University have discovered how to control heat with a magnetic field. Okinawa governor blocks controversial US marine base Escalation in dispute poses diplomatic headache for prime minister Shinzo Abe and threatens to sour relations between Japan and the US Jupiter Smashed The SuperEarth Version Of Our Solar System Julian Assange demands rape case files before Sweden questions him A new chapter of TPP was leaked by WikiLeaks to Peruvian newspaper La Republica | The chapter specifies that companies will be able to sue the state when they lose profits, or the expectation of profits, due to social conflicts and changes in the public health or environmental codes of a nation. Air Canada flight crashes on runway in Halifax Kofi Annan The War on Drugs Has Failed in West Africa and Around the World . The DirectorGeneral of the BBC is being protected by an elite squad of bodyguards after 'credible' death threats were made against him in retribution for the firing of Jeremy Clarkson Indonesian cops burn 1,000 pounds of seized marijuana, fumes get whole neighborhood high Arab League creates joint military force Tens of thousands of Tunisians marched through the capital in a show of solidarity against Islamist militants, hours after the government said its forces had killed nine members of a group suspected of carrying out this month's deadly Bardo Museum attack John Baird gets job with mining giant that got government subsidies when he was Canada's foreign minister Putin to Arab League Palestinians have right to state with capital in east Jerusalem Ikea's flatpack refugee shelter is entering production Headmaster David Tuohy who molested boys in the 1970s is found dead in the Thames, UK Iran and six world powers have reached provisional agreement on key parts of a deal sharply curtailing Tehran's nuclear programme Turkeys Parliament Passes Draconian Security, Surveillance Laws Boko Haram kills, beheads with chainsaws 40 people to derail Nigeria elections CIA document reveals that Ecuador  like many countries of the Southern Cone  was part of the U.S.backed Operation Condor plan | The office of the attorney general in Ecuador is investigating if the death of former President Jaime Roldos was an assassination of Operation Condor. The Canadian government is facing fierce criticism for increasing the countrys seal hunting quota from 400,000 in 2014 to nearly 470,000 this hunting season Major publisher retracts 43 scientific papers amid wider fake peerreview scandal 700 higher graduate students from outside the European Union were barred from taking courses of chemistry, engineering, physics, biophysics, metallurgy and microbiology due to security concerns in the United Kingdom. Romanian exminister questioned over origin of 101 paintings | The former Romanian finance minister has been questioned over 101 paintings in his possession amid a corruption probe. They include three works signed by Spanish artist Pablo Picasso. Australia Bans Lion Hunting Trophy Imports  Govt is taking action to protect African lions from what Environment Minister Greg Hunt calls the barbaric practice of canned hunting by banning the import & export of trophies made from lions. All UK babies to recieve Meningitis B vaccine U.S. drops 60,000 propaganda leaflets on ISIS stronghold Raqqa Mosul under ISIL 'No internet, no shaving' Yemeni warplane fleet destroyed in raids, Saudis say A close media adviser to Iran President Hassan Rouhani has defected, and is seeking political asylum in Switzerland after traveling there to report on Irans nuclear talks.