 Hero Fukushima exmanager who foiled nuclear disaster dies of cancer It was Yoshidas own decision to disobey HQ orders to stop using seawater to cool the reactors. Instead he continued to do so and saved the active zones from overheating and exploding Majority of people worldwide believe corruption has worsened  governments less effective at curbing it since 2008 financial collapse New Edward Snowden video interview released Ireland's High Court refuses to grant arrest warrant for Snowden  The Irish Times How The Guardian Broke the Snowden Story ... and what it says about the British media company's emerging threat to The New York Times. Snowden chooses Venezuela for asylum, agrees to Maduro offer  Russian MP Warren Buffett just donated 22,870,529 shares of Berkshire Hathaway stock to five charities. The gift is worth $2.6 billion. Fukushima groundwater now 90x more radioactive than Friday Gay tourists could face jail following new antigay law in Russia. LGBT people in Russia are scared, they live in fear Australian director of the Centre for Alcohol Policy Research, says marijuana should be legalised under strict controls because the social harm associated with it was significantly less than from drinking. Ruling party in Turkey stops own bill, thinking it was proposed by the opposition The European Union has brokered a legallybinding deal to improve worker rights and safety standards in Bangladesh, but some US companies, including WalMart and Gap, have opted out, on the grounds that the deal gives too much power to local unions. Brazilian Politicians Want To Offer Snowden Asylum After Learning Of US Spying On Brazilians Tibetan monks celebrating Dalai Lama birthday shot at by Chinese police Osama bin Laden was stopped for speeding in car while on run in Pakistan report reveals Christian healer, who groped three women patients at British home, is jailed  He tried to convince jurors that victims were experiencing phantom hands. The judge the explanation was a significant lie and jailed him for two years. Three Strikes and Youre Still In  France Kills Piracy Disconnections  France has backtracked on the law that allowed users to be disconnected from the Internet. Today a decree was published which removed the possibility for filesharers to have their connections cut for copyright infringement Brazil Opens Investigation into US Spying 22 Staffers Resign At AlJazeera Over Claims Of Biased Coverage In Egypt Toronto battered by storm, flooding; 300,000 residents in the dark Second 'Prisoner X' held in top secret in Israel Venezuela receives formal asylum request from Snowden A Spanish newspaper has published what it alleges are documents showing Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and other top politicians received illicit payments. Revealed NSA Put Latin American Countries in CyberSpying Crosshairs Pollution in northern China has led to drop of 5 years in lifespan. Mexico Teenager stabbed to death for recording votebuying with his cellphone. He was attacked by PRI militants, the current party in power. Pope Francis It hurts my heart when I see a priest or a nun with the latest model of car U.S. To Latin American Countries Offering Asylum To Snowden We Won't Put Up With This Kind Of Behavior President of Zimbabwe tells gay couples to have a baby or they face jail I should like to shut them up in some room and see if they get pregnant. If they dont then its jail because they have claimed they can have children. So, to that kind of rot, we say no! Canada's new chief scientist proclaims Scientific discovery is not valuable unless it has commercial value. Billionaire Gives His $3 Million Bonus To Workers Mos Def force fed under standard Gitmo procedure to demonstrate the treatment of the hunger strikers. Snowden Reveals How GCHQ in Britain Soaks Up Mass Internet Data A 16yearold boy was arrested at a Pink concert in Australia after he tweeted a reference to the singer's Timebomb song Andy Murray defeats Novak Djokovic to win Wimbledon men's final, becomes first British man to win since 1936. Bolivia joins the party, also grants asylum for Edward Snowden Ban Ki Moon goes to a private meeting with Icelandic officials and condemns Snowden. Pirate Party's Birgitta Jnsdttir's response  Ban Ki Moon sucks Pentagon Papers leaker Snowden was right to run Video captures camouflaged military sniper firing into a crowded demonstration in Cairo Cuba's Raul Castro criticizes U.S., backs allies on Snowden Donald Trump fails to deliver on Scottish golf resort jobs pledge. By his own admission, Mr Trump has created no more than 200 of his promised 6,000 jobs Canadians continue to trade fundamental freedoms away to the Harper Government for security AlJazeera kicked out of Egypt news conference US escalates threats against governments considering asylum for Snowden Egypt after Mursi  Suddenly there is electricity and petrol again which raises questions and nourishes rumors UN report says Mexicans are the heaviest on the planet, outweighing Americans even as they battle hunger and malnutrition. 11YearOld Chilean Rape Victims Health Is In Danger Because She Cant Get An Abortion At least 50 drinkers in bar feared dead after runaway train devastates Canadian town Russian plane to conduct observation flights over US, Canada A new form of protest is emerging in Turkey  people's forums. A loosely organised group with no political or religious affiliation is keeping the government to account. Bolivia furious its president's plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Austria because of rumour US fugitive Edward Snowden was on board. Act of aggression Bolivia to file UN complaint over airspace blockade German government refuses asylum for Snowden US spying row France wants suspension of trade talks between EU and US over spying claims Egypt's army threatens to march with protesters and take over government if demands aren't met by tomorrow. Iran's incoming president says Facebook should be unblocked and the Islamic dress code should be softened Canadian Lotto Winner Leaves $10,000 Tip for Diner Owner With Sick Daughter  just had burger and fries Hidden microphone found at Ecuador's embassy in UK, says foreign minister  Microphone was found last month inside office of Ecuadorean ambassador, in building where Julian Assange resides For more than two and a half weeks now, Bulgarians have been taking to the streets daily. Is the world watching? Police State Canada Communications Security Establishment Canada (CSEC) Runs Massive Domestic Spying Program Live coverage Crisis in Egypt. Latest Muslim Brotherhood refused to meet army commanders. Everyone in Egypt holding their breath these 2 hrs when deadline for pres Morsi ends  Army in meetings, both sides ready for the streets Julian Assange calls on Europe to 'welcome' fugitive Edward Snowden Ecuador says it found a hidden microphone at its London embassy  Reuters Turkish court scraps plan to redevelop Taksim Square Norway will reconsider asylum for Snowden Spain has opened its airspace to Bolivian president Evo Morales' plane, after it was diverted to Austria amid suspicions Edward Snowden was on board Bug found at Ecuador's embassy in London Missing man, 43, is rescued after being forced to work as a slave for 13 years in Wales Snowden case France denies blocking Bolivia plane  Two officials with the French Foreign Ministry said Wednesday that Morales' plane had authorization to fly over France. They would not comment on why Bolivian officials said otherwise. Bug is found in Ecuador Embassy in London Edward Snowden's digital 'misuse' has created problems, says Ban Kimoon Judge OKs deal for HSBC bank to pay $1.9 billion penalty for helping Mexican drug traffickers, Iran, Libya and others Guantanamo Bay Detainees to Be ForceFed at Night Out of Respect for Ramadan Indian movie banned in Pakistan because it shows a Muslim girl falling in love with a Hindu boy Another lie from James Clapper. He says he forgot about the Patriot Act. Statement from Edward Snowden in Moscow Angry residents in a town in southern Ukraine stormed the local police headquarters after authorities refused to detain one of two police officers implicated in the brutal gangrape of a young woman A teenage actress in Pakistan is in a critical condition after a television producer threw acid in her face when she turned down his marriage proposal. Snowden needs world's protection Part of 5,000yrold pyramid, 1 of oldest in the Americas, destroyed by private construction companies that want the state landThis isnt the 1st time they've tried to take this land. They say they're the owners, though this land is untouchable. An irreparable loss to Peru. Not a single climate change denial book is published by a University Press. 90% are not peer reviewed. 72% have a verifiable link to a conservative think tank, the rest are selfpublished. If [Snowden] wants to stay here, there is one condition He must stop his work aimed at harming our American partners, as strange as that sounds coming from my lips,  Putin Sex workers, immigrants, and transgender being rounded up and imprisoned in camps across Greece Major banks still involved in money laundering, says top regulator Edward Snowden has abandoned his request for political asylum in Russia after Moscow told him he would have to stop leaking US intelligence reports Author of EU antiecig bill, who was forced to resign after soliciting bribes from big tobacco companies, caught moving millions of dollars to Bahamas. OneThird Of Britons Are Too Poor To 'Join In With Society' Many On Lowest Incomes Cannot Buy Consumer Goods, Visit The Cinema Or Go On Holiday China has a new rule that children must visit their parents over age 60 frequently and make sure their financial and spiritual needs are met. Swedish Women Drop Burkas and Enter Stockholm Mosque BareBreasted; Pandemonium Ensues Edward Snowden asylum countries approached and their responses The European Union has ordered a worldwide security sweep of all its premises following reports US intelligence has bugged its offices in Washington, Brussels and the United Nations. Vatican scandal The Vatican bank director and his deputy resigned Monday afternoon amid a growing financial scandal that has already landed a Vatican monsignor in prison 'Muslims praying in our streets is like the Nazi occupation' Leader of France's far right now faces prosecution over these words. Dead Fish Fill Mexico Reservoir  Tens of 1,000s washed up on banks, amid allegations a firm dumped 100s of liters of molasses into canal. The sustenance of everybody was damaged, said the mayor. What will they live off? This is a tragedy. Copy of Snowden asylum request sent to Polish authorities. Ecuador's President Rafael Correa We helped Snowden by mistake Emails From A Dead Man emails between Iraqi who worked with US forces and US Immigration Office beseeching help for family to escape Iraq after death threats starting July 2011. After constant bureaucratic vaccilation and incompetence, he and his brother are now dead, and his family still in Iraq. Report 'Argentina sold Israel yellowcake uranium in 1960s' to make nuclear bombs Authorities in Mexico City say they've rescued 46 women in a human trafficking bust China to join Russia for largest ever joint naval drills with foreign partner Germany ready to charge UK and US intelligence over alleged bugging operations  Europe  World In 2009, a German politician sued to have 6 months of his stored metadata released by his cell phone company, this is what it looks like. French president demands any US spying cease now Germany to charge UK and USA with spying. Army estimates 'millions' of protesters on Egypt streets It is the biggest protest in Egypt's history, the source told AFP Muslim Brotherhood Headquarters Destroyed In Egyptian Protest Edward Snowden asking 15 countries for asylum, Russian official says Dutch Rabobank refuses to fund US fracking and to provide any money at all to US farmers who lend their land to it Afghan soldier defuses suicide vest with terrorist still wearing it Putin tells Snowden to stop leaking Iranian Female Swimmers Time Goes Unrecorded Because Government Say Her Bathing Suit Was Too Revealing India's Seed Savior Goes Against the Corporate Grain  Debal Deb, a scientist building a seed bank, is helping save 920 varieties of indigenous rice using traditional methods. Working with locals, he hopes to make farmers independent of big corporations & GM crops, opening access to local seeds. EU threatens U.S. with dropping trade (translation) Revelations that the US has spied extensively on the EU and European countries have infuriated leaders in Brussels and Berlin  and could endanger the transAtlantic freetrade agreement. Important American voices are demanding that Obama come clean. French president told to grant asylum to Edward Snowden for revealing illegal US surveillance of Europen governments. Thousands of Egyptians gather in Tahrir square to protest against the Morsi regime Germany summons US ambassador over 'Cold War' spying leaks The Oxford grooming ring was promoted by imams who encourage followers to think white women deserve to be punished, an Islamic leader has claimed. Hundreds of thousands protest for democracy in Hong Kong Russian politician says it would be 'morally impermissible' to hand Edward Snowden to US Donald Trump, on trying to build another golf course in Scotland Wind farms are a disaster for the environment Shotguns, petrol bombs and rocks as protesters try to storm Muslim Brotherhood HQ in Cairo Japan spends millions in order to be 'Cool'. Japans Upper House gave final approval to a $500 million, 20year fund to promote Japanese culture overseas, called Cool Japan US Secretary of State John Kerry has responded to allegations that the US bugged the offices of its allies, saying its activities were not unusual in international relations. France is top industrial espionage offender according to WikiLeaks cable Asiana Airlines Boeing 777 has crashed at the San Francisco International Airport US attempts to block Edward Snowden are 'bolstering' case for asylum U.S. spied on millions of emails and calls of Brazilians Latest Snowden Leak Reveals! Sweden vetoes EU investigation against US Spying Indian Temple Where Buddha Reached Enlightenment Hit by Bomb Blasts Everybody in Guantanamo has been tortured or abused  former detainee Muslim Brotherhood recruited Syrians and Palestinians to shoot at antiMorsi protestors Massacre in Myanmar ignored by almost everyone. NSW Beaches Flooded with Millions of Liters of Waste Water in Past 2 Yrs  Water treatment plants put on bypass about 600 times in 24 months, posing a health risk to swimmers & surfers. The community has a right to know when they are swimming in waste water. Snowden Accuses Germany of Aiding NSA in Spying Efforts Antarctic Lake Vostok buried under two miles of ice found to teem with life The 'Edward Snowden Aviation Club' and other ways to beat US persecution Some countries have offered asylum but he will need transport. How about concerned citizens raising money for a private plane? Rupert Mudoch's Exwife Exposed as Senior Chinese Spy! Russia's Putin says Egypt moving towards civil war Video shows antiMursi protesters thrown off building in Alexandria by Islamist supporters of ousted president Mohammad Mursi Glen Greenwald Edward Snowden confirmed to me today that the statement released by wikileaks was written exclusively by Snowden All internet traffic routed through the UK is kept accessible for GCHQ in a buffer for three days Venezuela says no contact with Snowden since asylum offer Sweden and UK block US Europe spy talks Egyptian gas pipeline to Jordan blown up; five Egyptian security officers killed at checkpoints Toxic Radiation in Groundwater at Fukushima  Tritium, a radioactive isotope of hydrogen used in glowinthedark watches, is present at levels 10 times permitted rate. In June, highly toxic strontium90 were found at levels 30 times the permitted rate. Russian Official Says Venezuela Is the Best Solution for Snowden (New York Times) Israel Passes Military Draft Bill BBC News  ElBaradei to become Egyptian PM Turkish police intervene as protesters attempted to peacefully reenter Gezi Park 29 boarding school students burned alive, shot dead by Islamist militants in Nigeria Venezuela announces they WILL give Edward Snowden political asylum! 'Not Your Colony' Bolivia Threatens Shutdown of US Embassy South American leaders flank the Bolivian President as he rails against US air piracy in manhunt for Snowden Huge explosion in LacMegantic, Quebec. The city literally on fire. Mexican police chief in the state of Jalisco killed with rifle lost in ATF guntracking program European intelligence agencies carry out massive Internet spying; this French Big Brother works in secret. It defies all control. Libya aiming to make rape in armed conflict a war crime Murdoch Under New Pressure After Secret Bribes Tape Released European businesses are likely to abandon the services of American internet providers because of the National Security Agency surveillance scandal, the European commission has warned. US Ambassador to Austria Reportedly Responsible for False Claim Snowden Was on Bolivian Leaders Plane Human breast milk is the latest delicacy amongst China's wealthy, with a growing number of companies offering wet nurses for adults. Xinxinyu, a domestic staff agency in Shenzhen . . . allows adult clients to drink directly through breastfeeding or via a breast pump 'if they feel embarrassed'. 'The real threat to our future is peak water' As population rises, overpumping means some nations have reached peak water, which threatens food supply Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro offers US fugitive Edward Snowden asylum, following similar offer from Nicaragua BBC reporter Jeremy Bowen shot in Egypt as demonstrations end in bloodshed Costa Rica accidentally legalizes gay marriage Edward Snowden Asylum To Be Offered By Venezuela, President Nicols Maduro Says Abortion debate flares in Chile over case of raped 11year old. 'Doctors say her life and that of the fetus are at high risk, but abortion is banned in Chile' Egypt unrest Morsi marchers die as they are fired upon by the army, Muslim Brotherhood vows to protest until he is reinstated Israel debates pricetag attacks on Muslims, where for each illegal settlement post removed or settlement attacked on the West Bank, Muslim family's within Israel proper face an attack. Bugged by US spying, EU may sever ties with American internet providers Nicaragua Willing to Grant Asylum to Snowden Muslim Brotherhood site says Egypts new president is secretly Jewish Venezuela offers asylum to U.S. intelligence leaker Snowden Reports Nicaragua willing to grant Snowden asylum Venezuela Leader Claims CIA Behind Morales Plane Incident Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan were told by their superiors to ignore incidents where Afghan soldiers and interpreters sexually assaulted young boys. Bolivian President Evo Morales says he won't hesitate to close the U.S. embassy European countries need to liberate themselves from the imperialism of the Americans. US President Barack Obama has been urged to appear in front of the European Parliament to explain the allegations that US authorities spied on EU embassies. Tech firms including Microsoft are said to voluntarily give advanced warning to the US government of vulnerabilities in software products sold to governments overseas before they are patched, allowing US agencies to effectively use them to conduct foreign surveillance. Iranian swimmer Elham Asghari swam 20km in full Islamic dress. But her recordbreaking ninehour feat has not been recognised by national authorities because she is a woman. If you think that government and the financial industry are a bit too friendly in the U.S., try England. London's version of Wall Street is called the City. And in the City, the line between government and corporate interests gets even blurrier. Critics say it's time for change. CIA whistleblower to Snowden Do not cooperate with the FBI Egypt army opens fire on proMorsi protesters  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Icelandic parliament refuses to grant Snowden citizenship. Egypt 80 sexual assaults in one day  the other story of Tahrir Square South American leaders demand apology in plane row  The presidents of Argentina, Ecuador, Suriname, Venezuela and Uruguay joined Morales in the Bolivian city of Cochabamba late Thursday to address the diplomatic row. Morales warned that he would close the U.S. Embassy in Bolivia if necessary. France rejects Snowden's application for citizenship. If Snowden enters France, the police would be compelled to arrest and extradite him Spain Claims It Was 'Told' Snowden Was On Morales' Flight Rupert Murdoch upset that he's been paying off the press for years, and all of a sudden people are having a problem with it For US, Assistance Given to Snowden Is No Trifling Matter US sends strong message that whoever takes in the NSA whistleblower 'will face serious repercussions' Muslim Brotherhood accuses Egypt's new president of being secretly Jewish Forcing down Evo Morales's plane was an act of air piracy Bolivian President threatens to shut down U.S. embassy following the forced stop of presidential plane in Austria. We dont need US Embassy in Bolivia Early in Obama's first term, some 78 percent of Germans saw the US as a country that could be trusted. This week, though, following revelations of largescale US spying in Europe and vast Internet surveillance, that trust has taken a hit. EU votes to support suspending U.S. data sharing agreements, including passenger flight data Russia criticises European states for 'unfriendly' diversion of Bolivian president Morales' plane India passes worlds largest Food Security bill US sends Irish Government arrest warrant for Snowden  Move a preemptive strike to stop fugitive intelligence analyst landing at Shannon on way to Cuba Only six members of Icelandic Parliament are in favor of granting Edward Snowden citizenship. China and Russia start largestever joint military drills Morsi Overthrown No jail time for Olympus bosses who committed $1.7 billion accounting fraud Icelandic parliament has a bill that would give Snoweden Icelandic citizenship ...Beyond its criminality, lying to Congress destroys the pretense of oversight. Obviously, members of Congress cannot exercise any actual oversight over programs which are being concealed by deceitful national security officials EU Parliament votes to launch indepth inquiry into US surveillance programmes with huge majority When states monitored their citizens we used to call them authoritarian. Now we think this is what keeps us safe? Snowden latest Protesters burn French flags and attack French embassy in La Paz after France bans president's plane from air space German Social Democrat chairman Sigmar Gabriel The first step has to be that public prosecutors travel to Moscow to depose Mr. Snowden as a witness. If they come away with the impression that he is a reliable witness, then admitting him to the witness protection program must be considered. Human Cost of US Drone Strikes in Yemen  Interviews with witnesses to casualties. They were mothers, fathers, children & grandparents  & they stand in contrast to claims US does not launch missiles into Yemen unless there's a nearcertainty no civilians will be killed or injured. The Rupert Murdoch tape. Incompetent cops, regrets over his own investigation, promises to protect Sun journalists a secret recording reveals Rupert Murdoch's real attitudes to the scandal that has engulfed his empire. France's external intelligence agency spies on the French public's phone calls, emails and social media activity in France and abroad says the daily Le Monde said on Thursday It's happened. Military just took over the streets of cairo! Catholic establishment up in arms as Pope Francis shakes up the church Helmand's top female police officer shot dead The most senior female police office in Afghanistans Helmand province, and a symbol of improving womens rights in the face of Taliban hostility, has been shot dead. Mastercard and Visa Start Banning VPN Providers 'Full military coup' underway in Egypt, tanks & APCs seen on streets. Security forces have placed a travel ban on President Morsi and a number of top Muslim Brotherhood officials International gangsterism in Snowden manhunt Snowden case France apologises in Bolivia plane row US refuses to comment on Morales plane but admits contact with other nations over potential Snowden flights German official Drop U.S. sites if you fear spying  Internet users worried about their personal information being intercepted by U.S. intelligence agencies should stop using websites that send data to the United States, Germanys top security official said Wednesday. A British investigative web site, has just published the full transcript of a secretly recorded meeting between media mogul Rupert Murdoch and the staff of The Sun WikiLeaks says MasterCard lifts 'financial blockade' WikiLeaks announced in a press release Wednesday that MasterCard International has reversed its decision to not process payments for WikiLeaks and that customers can once again contribute to the sites operation Iran commemorates victims of US attack on passenger plane Snowden Applies for Asylum in Iceland Man dies from new coronavirus in UK The British Home Office denies Iranian LGBT rights activist and documentarian Kiana Firouz's request for asylum. If deported, she faces 300 lashes and public hanging for unrepentant homosexuality. MAKE SOME NOISE. b'Swedish artist Vilks I'm ready to go up again. This must be carried through. You cannot allow it to be stopped.  As a matter of principle, Uppsala University should give him the opportunity to finish his lecture, otherwise what you get is a mob deciding what can be discussed at the university.' b'Hugo Chavez I'm afraid to inform you that gas platform Aban Pearl sank a few moments ago. The good news is that 95 workers are safe' b'SPAIN seeks arrest of 13 CIA agents.' b'Taiwan writes UN womens rights convention into domestic law' b'Incoming British FM Wont Rule Out Attacking Iran and vowed to see British law changed so as to hold Israeli officials immune from war crimes charges' b'Interior Minister Israel will never freeze construction in Jerusalem' b'Greece MUST leave the euro. People are not seeing the big picture here. ' b'Human Rights Watch IDF wantonly destroyed homes during Gaza war' Iran 'sentences Newsweek man in absentia to 13 years' b'London has 500,000 surveillance cameras, more than any other city in the world An average Person can be filmed 300 times in a single day In London' b'Thai General shot during interview' b'Gulf oil spill firms ignored warning signs before blast.' b'France prepares to ban burqa' b'The Russian security forces have killed three people suspected of organising the suicide bombings in the Moscow metro after they resisted arrest.' b'China has suffered two more attacks against young children, in an unprecedented spate of violence that has seen eight stabbings in just over a month.' b'Military proposes medal for troops showing restraint' b'At the beginning of this year, a wannabe neoNazi burned down the House of Democracy in the small town of Zossen just south of Berlin. The case lays bare the deep roots of extremism in eastern Germany.' b'Outsourcing unit to be set up in Indian jail  undertake backoffice work for banks' b'Sperm donor shortage dampens Aussie hopes Australia has a total of only 30 official sperm donors. Why?' b'Portugal unveils crisis tax to cut deficit  Jos Scrates, Portugals prime minister, on Thursday announced tough new austerity measures, including a crisis tax on wages and big companies, designed to more than halve the countrys gaping budget deficit in less than two years.' b'Russia warns U.S. against unilateral Iran sanctions ' b'Chinese authorities have issued arrest warrants for three police officers suspected of torturing man who was wrongfully convicted of murder and jailed for 10 years.' French prostitutes oppose reopening brothels  The sex workers union, which represents more than 250 prostitutes in France, is adamantly opposed to government meddling in its business and would rather maintain as much independence over its members' livelihoods as possible. b'News Flash  Russia not as forgiving and delicate in dealings with Somali pirates.' Some 270 South African miners arrested during protests will be charged with the murder of their 34 colleagues shot by police Missing woman unknowingly joins search for herself It's not rhetoric to draw parallels with Nazism 
Actual fascists in actual black shirts are waving swastikas and murdering ethnic minorities in Athens Drunk driver ends medalwinning cyclist's dream of competing at Paralympics 2 women stabbed, 'Free Pussy Riot' scrawled in blood at murder scene Two women were stabbed to death in a gruesome killing in Russias Kazan, and Free! Pussy Riot was painted on the wall in what police believe was the victims blood Illegal gold miners allegedly massacre Amazon tribe in Venezuela Chinese Blame Failing Bridges On Corruption No nation has built so many roads, bridges and buildings so quickly as China. But since 2011, eight bridges have collapsed, according to China's staterun media. Many believe the culprit is government corruption An 8yearold boy in England could be up to $63,000 richer, thanks to a piece of solidified whale vomit he picked up on the beach. President Putin is rumored to be among the worlds 
wealthiest men, with an oilfed fortune worth tens 
of billions of dollars. He denies that, vehemently, 
but a report to be published Tuesday suggests that 
the dispute may be beside the point. Why are Mexican ecoanarchists bombing nanotechnology researchers? An attack by gold miners on a group of Yanomami tribespeople in Venezuela has left up to 80 people dead, according to campaign groups. The women of the African country of Togo might be the first to try to bring down a dictator by staging a sex strike. A space telescope has added to its list of spectacular finds, spotting millions of supermassive black holes and blisteringly hot, extreme galaxies Mexican police attacked CIA officers, ambush likely sources Violent Attack on Rabbi in Berlin Draws Outrage Indian diplomatic bag found in French Alps after 46 years, believed to be from an Air India plane which crashed there. FIVE AUSSIES DEAD Soldiers killed in Afghanistan attack and chopper crash | news.com.au A Muslim Sufi leader has been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Russian republic of Dagestan. Said Afandi, a leader of Sufi Muslims in the region, and five of his followers were killed onTuesday night by a female suicide bomber in an attack at Afandis home in the village of Chirkei. Mexicans see a losing battle in the war on crooked police (LA Times) Arab states looking to turn IAEA meeting into referendum on Israeli nukes Mexican prosecutors said Wednesday they are seeking to arrest a former border state governor who U.S. officials allege laundered millions of dollars in South Texas Red Cross halts most Pakistan aid in wake of doctor's beheading  IAEA Iran doubles underground nuclear capacity, preparing for a possible major expansion of uranium enrichment in a fortified underground facility World record as message in bottle found after 98 years near Shetland Julian Assange Argentine ambassador accuses 'arrogant' Britain of violating international law  World's richest woman says poor should have less fun, work harder Gay man gets 'maternity' leave in Brazil  Brazils social security agency has, for the first time, given a fourmonth maternity leave to a gay man so that he can care for his adopted child.
 Norway writes down 90% of populations mortgage debt Over 100,000 people demand that Peter Sunde, former spokesperson of The Pirate Bay, be pardoned from his sham verdict by the Swedish Administration South Africa uses apartheidera law to accuse 270 miners of murder South African authorities on Thursday invoked a legal move seldom used since the dying days of apartheid in order to charge 270 striking miners with the murder of 34 coworkers who were seen being shot dead  DroneTracking App Gets No Traction From Apple For the third time in a month, Apple has rejected a proposed app that tracks American drone strikes. The company says the app is objectionable and crude; the developer says he wants to encourage more dialogue about drone attacks. Police probing Quebec maple syrup heist worth up to $30million Drink Less, Work More, Aussie Billionaire Tells NonRich Deadly Tuberculosis now drug resistant Julian Assange I could stay in Ecuadorean embassy for a year  WikiLeaks founder believes case against him will be dropped as William Hague admits 'solution is not in sight' to extradition row Food prices jump 10% in July and are expected to keep rising. The countries most affected are the poorest, which are not only the most food insecure but also experiencing the sharpest increases 'Blind faith' in DNA test led innocent man to be jailed for murder 7.9 earthquake in Philippines Americans Shot in Mexico Were C.I.A. Operatives Aiding in Drug War Chaos as Strikes Ground Planes at Frankfurt Airport  Lufthansa flight attendants walked off the job for eight hours on Friday resulting in over 200 flight cancellations and a temporary ban on incoming flights into Germany's biggest airport. The labor dispute will likely result in more strikes soon. FinSpy, A Software Meant to Fight Crime Is Used to Spy on Dissidents. Two researchers say an offtheshelf computer program has been used to monitor and spy on dissidents in countries around the world A fisherman found the oldest message in a bottle at sea. The previous record holder was found by the same boat. Russia plans to build sea based missile shield UN nuclear agency confirms Iran has shrouded site, says its probe significantly hampered Eurozone unemployment at new high  BBC News 7.9 quake hits off Philippines  tsunami warning Everything you need to know about the September 12 German court decision that could rock the entire world US, Israel responsible for Syria conflict Iran Iran Persian interpreter tampers with Morsi's NAM speech to deflect criticism of Syria A Tokyo court has ruled Samsung hasn't infringed on an Apple patent, in the latest development in the legal battle between the two technology titans.


 Wikileaks May I remind you that the same collective now being persecuted as a 'terrorist organisation recently received Amnesty International's New Media Award for reports on human rights abuses in Kenya. I'm going to be very unhappy if they capture Julian Assange without so much as a single snowmobile chase. Wikileaks Swiss bank closes Julian Assange's account Facebook issues statement saying that it will NOT ban content from WikiLeaks [It] does not violate our content standards nor have we encountered any material posted on the page that violates our policies. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has been denied bail by a judge after surrendering to British authorities over a Swedish arrest warrant Live with the WikiLeakable world or shut down the net. It's your choice Dianne Feinstein Prosecute Assange Under the 1917 US Espionage Act  1st Amendment would not apply. In other news, US law is now defacto worldwide law and anyone, anywhere can be held to it even if they aren't US citizens and weren't in the US when the crime was committed.  Julian Assange Vows Poison Pill Release Of Damaging Secrets If Arrested Or Killed Icelandic Journalist takes over for Julian Assange because of arrest. In this sewer, we reptiles of British journalism hold our heads high As WikiLeaks has shown, power loathes truth revealed. Disclosure is all we have when politicians are cowed, lawyers fall silent and audit is polluted... the press is the last best hope when democratic oversight fails More state secrets leaked! Except this time it's by a former Iranian diplomat about North Korea so I guess we are cool with it. Indigenous Peruvian won appeal in landmark human rights and environmental lawsuit against U.S. oil giant Occidental Petroleum for contaminating Amazon rainforest, poisoning communities  case will be heard in LA! WikiLeaks to keep releasing cables despite Assange arrest As far as I can see, [Assange] hasn't broken any Australian law, nor does it appear he has broken any American laws. Julian Assange arrested by British police 19 Countries to Miss Nobel Peace Prize Ceremony  Beijing has pressed for a boycott of the event, which will recognize the imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo Kenyan Prime Minister orders a nationwide crackdown on homosexuals. While gay men face 5 to 14 years in prison, the law does not extend to homosexual women Julian Assange has been arrested for having unprotected sex with two women. It's call sex by surprise in Sweden. The fine is about $715. UN peacekeepers were the most likely source of the cholera epidemic sweeping Haiti, according to a leaked report by a French disease expert.  Assange lawyer WikiLeaks will unleash a thermonuclear device of government files containing the names of spies, sources and informants if he's killed or brought to trial. Will they push the button? The income of a medieval English worker is double that of todays workers in Zaire and Burundi. Julian Assange is going to be prosecuted by the US not only under the Espionage Act 'Nineteen countries' shun Nobel China and 18 other countries say they will not attend Friday's Nobel Peace Prize... Argentina announced Monday that it recognizes the Palestinian territories as a free and independent state within their 1967 borders Hugo Chavez blames heavy rain on Capitalism. I think he might be redditor.  Sea Shepherd locates Japanese whale poachers inside New Zealand's sovereign waters with 3 protected Minke whales dead on their deck. An eightyearold Afghan girl wearing a suicide vest has been detained by police in southern Afghanistan Wind power was Spain's top source of electricity in 2013 Remarkable new figures from Spain's grid operator have revealed that greenhouse gas emissions from the country's power sector are likely to have fallen 23.1% last year, as power generation from wind farms and hydroelectric plants soared. Aliens would give us much more tech if we'd stop wars  exdefense minister IT firms set to lose Billions after NSA scandal exposed by Edward Snowden Japanese whaling fleet filmed with dead minke whales in Southern Ocean  Video shot by Sea Shepherd aircraft shows 3 minke whales loaded onto the deck. A 4th whale was being cut apart at the time of the filming, with crew members seen mopping up large pools of blood on the deck. Eightyearold girl divorces her husband, 14, in India David Cameron plays down cutting top rate of tax below 45% China destroys tonnes of illegal ivory Jet in 'near miss' with UFO Pime Minister David Cameron's RightToBuy Poster Girl Revealed To Be Estate Agent  Who Sold The Flat To Herself German Chancellor Angela Merkel injured while crosscountry skiing Iran offers to help Iraq in fight against alQaida Unconventional oil and gas will fry climate ExxonMobil report | ExxonMobil benefits from selling fossil fuels but appears to take no responsibility for any of the climate damage their products cause. First female law firm opened in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The story that Kim Jongun fed his uncle to dogs is likely fake There may be mercy for Edward Snowden, but not yet  or in the near future. In the meantime, maybe we ought to look the other way so he can find somewhere to live. Time works miracles; and it might do so also for Edward Snowden. Heavily indebted Chinese railway company reportedly loses president to suicide  He leapt to his death from his family home, the latest in a series of deaths & corruption investigations that have plagued the countrys debtplagued railway industry. Rents In China Are Getting So High That Some People Are Moving Underground Abortion Legislation comes into effect in Ireland UK Nigel Farage (the UKIP leader) has backed the basic principle of Enoch Powell's warning that mass immigration can make people feel like strangers in their own country from the Tory (Conservative) politician's 1968 rivers of blood speech. Iraq government faces allout war with alQaida in Falluja Australian health warning as heatwave kills thousands of bats littering the southeast with corpses Moscow Bombings Suspect Killed in Dagestan A Volcano Has Erupted In Indonesia, And The Pictures Are Terrifying Swedish justice minister falls for Daily Currant spoof story on marijuana deaths, calling incident stupid and sad. Mexican vigilante gunmen disarm local POLICE so they can rid town of feared Knights Templar drug cartel Zambian opposition leader charged with calling president a potato Bossnapping returns in France as unionists lock up and humiliate Goodyear executives Glenn Greenwald There are more Snowden documents on Israel Saudi Arabia Survey shows men blame women for rising cases of molestation Around 350 Turkish police officers were removed from their posts in Ankara overnight in the biggest single reported police shakeup since a corruption probe rocked the government last month Legendary film producer and the man behind iconic films like Bladerunner and the Hong Kong Kung Fu film genre, Sir Run Run Shaw dies aged 106 Syrian rebels free 50 prisoners, including Turkish journalist, held captive by rivals affiliated with AlQaeda Tunisia enshrines gender equality in constitution Senegal seizes Russian vessel for 'illegal fishing' Israel Up to five year sentence for uploading sexual content without consent or knowledge of those in it Hundreds of Romanian Roma evicted from camp in France The Turkish government dismisses 350 police officers in the capital Ankara in an anticorruption operation, reports say. Vatican denies pope is open to recognition of gay civil unions Canada planning to sell guns and military equipment to developing countries to maintain domestic arms industry H1N1 flu in Alberta causes 10 deaths Israels new law to send revenge porn uploaders to jail for five years Thousands of bats killed by hot weather in Queensland Erdogan family drawn into corruption probe | In the wake of a sweeping corruption probe, the Turkish opposition has requested a parliamentary inquiry into the relationship between Prime Minister Erdogan's son Bilal and a Saudi Arabian businessman. The Plight of the Roma Europe's Unwanted People  Over 10 million Roma live in Europe. Tens of thousands of them are fleeing westwards from poverty & discrimination. But EU member states aren't helping them. More Israel disclosures in Snowdens trove of 'significant stories'  Greenwald Hong Kong entertainment tycoon Run Run Shaw dies at 107 Family missing after freak wave sweeps them away during a grieving ceremony for dead father Snowden has more U.S.Israel secrets to expose Greenwald Wild Tigers the Time to Act is Now  Just 3,000 remain in the wild. 100 were poached in India in 2013. A century ago, over 100,000 roamed 30 nations; today, they hang on in 12, disappearing from 93% of their range. Five Doctors Without Borders workers abducted in Syria The practice of, corrective rape is being used in South Africa to, cure lesbianism. Tunisian lawmakers rejected Islam on Saturday as the main source of law for the country that spawned the Arab Spring Peru to consider marijuana legalization German Dads Demand Family Time  Family friendly policies in German business have been targeted at women in the past, but the tables are turning. Men are demanding more flexible working conditions in order to balance work and family burdens, forcing big changes in corporate culture. For 2nd time ever, we saw an asteroid before it hit us, both spotted by same guy. WWII Ace Who Flew Through the Eiffel Tower Dies at 92 According to documents provided byformer NSA contractor Edward Snowden, the US National Security Agency (NSA) is racing to build a computer that could break nearly every kind of encryption used to protect banking, medical, business and government records around the world. Government Spy Cams in China Can't See Through the Smog Former NSA head, Michael Hayden, calls clemency for Snowden 'outrageous,' says it sends 'wrong message' to potential whistleblowers Iraq slides toward civil war Israeli sniper kills Gaza teen U.S. waived laws to keep F35 on track with Chinamade parts. Homeless transgendered woman murdered in Rome honored by Jesuits Al Qaeda force captures Fallujah amid rise in violence in Iraq Cubans can now buy new and used cars freely, first time since 1959 Time ticking for the most isolated people on earth, the Jarawa. The huntergatherer tribe has lived in the dense forests of Andaman Islands completely cut off from the outside world for thousands of years. But things are changing fast as modern influences creep in Several European manufacturers spawn NSAproof Android cryptophones Worker aghast at shoddy work on Fukushima radioactive water storage tanks Cubans aghast at car prices as new law kicks in. Putin lifts ban on protests at Sochi Games Syrian opposition turn on alQaidaaffiliated Isis jihadists near Aleppo | World news Germany eyes parliamentary inquiry into NSA activities DNA tests confirmed that a man in government custody is the alleged leader of an alQaidalinked group that has conducted attacks across the Middle East  including a 2010 bombing of a Japanese oil tanker in the Persian Gulf  before shifting its focus to Syrias civil war. US icebreaker heads to Antarctica to help stuck Chinese and Russian ships. Rich Catholics Threaten Pope Francis  Because He Frightens Them How I would love a church that is poor and for the poor, Pope Francis said not long after his election to the papacy Pope Francis has called for a rethink in the way the Catholic Church deals with the children of gay couples and divorced parents, warning against administering a vaccine against faith. Canadian libricide Tories torch and dump centuries of priceless, irreplaceable environmental archives Polish woman raped in India while travelling with daughter police In Australia, men die earlier but women's health gets four times more funding Privacy campaigner and Cambridge Universitys Head of Cryptography Professor Ross J Anderson has suggested one way to begin stamping out the UKs involvement in the NSA spying scandal end the domestic secret services entirely | Were I a legislator, Anderson says, I would simply abolish MI5. Lebanon Loses 78000 Books To Terrorism Country's Second Largest Library Burned Because Owner Allegedly Offended Islam Robert Mugabe has collapsed Tony Abbott urged to rethink climate policy after hottest year on record  PM called reckless ideologue who ignores science & is intent on listening to people who are part of the tinfoil hat brigade French mother to sue couple who filmed drunk son before he drowned African forest elephants are being massacred into extinction 52 Russians Shortlisted For OneWay Mission to Mars Snowden NSA's Indiscriminate Spying 'Collapsing' US Sailors Sue Japanese Nuclear Plant Owner TEPCO  71 from aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan are filing suit against Japanese utility Tokyo Electric Power Company after they were allegedly exposed to radiation from Fukushima Daiichi when they arrived with aid. Tunisia MPs reject Islam as main source of law European Commission To Ban Heirloom Seeds and Criminalize Plants & Seeds Not Registered With Government Dog virus killing tigers, red pandas and lions in India Endangered tigers, red pandas and lions are succumbing to infection caused by canine distemper virus (CDV), a disease common in domestic dogs, Indian scientists say Fire torches 60% of North Stradbroke Island, Australia. No lives lost due to mass evacuation of residents. Isro successfully launches indigenous cryogenic enginepowered GSLVD5 Syrian rebels launch fierce offensive against al Qaeda fighters 130 radioactive Japanese cars banned from entering Russia Thousands of visitors to yahoo.com hit with malware attack, researchers say Iraq conflict Sunni fighters 'control all of Fallujah' David Cameron has authorised an unprecedented swapping of secrets with the Russians as they try to track down Islamic extremist bombers | It follows last week's attacks in Volgograd | British agents working in Russia are now sharing confidential assessments on extremists. Japan's population falls 'by record 244,000' in 2013 Kolkata police 'hijack' rape victim's hearse, forcibly cremate body Gangraped twice and dumped in a government hospital for nine days with fatal burns, the 16yearold victim had no peace even after death. Young people 'feel they have nothing to live for' Rob Ford proclaims himself the best mayor that this city has ever had, registers for 2014 election The US has been voted as the most significant threat to world peace in a survey across 68 different countries Blast that killed Palestinian ambassador occurred after he opened office safe that had been sealed for 30 years JP Morgan bonuses for top London staff in 2012 revealed an average of near $3 million Global poll US is the greatest threat to world peace AlQaeda in Iraq dictates men's clothing choices  anyone wearing what they described as irreligious clothes, such as neckties and ordinary shirts imprinted with words in English or images of international celebrities would be punished Fox flesh found in donkey meat package at WalMart Not so anonymous VPN uses Snowden's name for PR 'Some may think thats a clever move, but it is rather ironic since HideMyAss previously handed over personal details of a Lulzsec member to the US Government' Jamaican bobsleigh team are back in the running for Winter Olympics glory. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has used the unlikely platform of the religious slot on the BBC's Today programme to condemn attempts by US and UK governments to acquire a godlike knowledge of citizens through mass surveillance. Pope Francis drew 6.6 million to Vatican in 2013, three times Benedict US customs officials destroy flute virtuosos instruments Rape suspect stoned to death by irate mob. The unidentified man, 32, was beaten with sticks and then stoned by a Cape Town crowd. The rape victim was just 15. New protests after suicide of 16yearold gangraped twice in Calcutta Gangsters who twice raped a 16yearold girl and threatened to kill her father unless she dropped the charges had political patronage, says veteran womens rights campaigner Indian lawyer Kapila Hingorani, who  assisted by her three practicing lawyer children  fought more than 100 cases in the Supreme Court, voicing concern for the poor, tortured and remedyless before the judiciary for 60 years, has died. She was 86. Japan's State Secrets Law Hailed By U.S., Denounced By Japanese  Parallels  NPR Walmart recalls donkey meat from China stores because it may contain fox meat Skype twitter account hacked by Syrian Electronic Army. Tweets that Microsoft is selling user data to governments. Palestinian ambassador opens 20 year old safe, gets blown up An Australian father has been charged by police over the alleged genital mutilation of his infant daughter while they were holidaying overseas Charity fundraiser dressed as superhero attacked and robbed on a run across Canada Putin sends new year's greetings to Obama Update U.S. Customs Won't Apologize for Destroying Musician's Rare Flutes UK Porn Filter blocks legitimate filesharing services, download portals for Linux distributions Kim Jong Un's uncle, Jang Song Thaek's brutal execution stripped naked and eaten alive by 120 hungry hounds. Indian gangrape victim, 16, died Tuesday, a week after she said two suspects of the 6 men who repeatedly raped her in October had set her on fire. Autopsy reveals she was pregnant  child's DNA will be matched against suspects'. NSA seeks to build quantum computer that could crack most types of encryption Canadian government is dismantling key libraries and is destroying priceless collections as well as 100 years of scientific research in the process. Bill Gates world's richest person again. Microsoft founder regains top position from Mexican telecoms magnate Carlos Slim, with estimated fortune of $78.5bn. China Says Over 3 Million Hectares of Land, the size of Belgium, Too Polluted to Farm Drugs firms routinely withhold results of medical trials from doctors, researchers and patients. Damning report by MPs warns that doctors and patients are being undermined on treatment options. Malaysian court rules that Allah is exclusive to Islam, seizes Bibles. 2013 confirmed as Australia's hottest year on record. US will evacuate South Sudan embassy staff. Indian army will deploy 40,000 strong mountain strike corps division by 2016 along disputed areas bordering/claimed by China. Israel successfully tests Arrow space missile interceptor Fukushima ghost towns struggle to recover amid high radiation levels  Posttsunami reconstruction & radiation cleanup could take 10 years, but officials say something has been permanently lost Chinese meth village in massive raid, 3 tons of meth seized BBC News  Pakistan government restores ancient Hindu temple Hubble Space Telescope spots clouds on alien worlds. Astronomers have spotted clouds in the atmospheres of two planets outside our solar system, with a pair of research papers suggesting that these sorts of cloudy alien worlds might be far more common than previously thought. Antarctic rescue Chinese vessel 'may now be stuck in ice' Chinas San Francisco consulate was set on fire last night by unknown attackers. U.N. Children beheaded as violence grows in Central African Republic Russian Muslim Convert Behind Deadly Bus Bombing Why Should We Follow Those Christian Commandments, When Allah, May He Be Glorified, Urges Us To Fight Those Infidels? Margaret Thatcher was secretly preparing to use troops and declare a state of emergency at the height of the miners' strike  out of fear Britain was going to run out of food and grind to a halt, government papers released today reveal. World War II Bomb detonated in germany, 1 dead. Mexico subway dig turns up unusual Aztec offering Vladimir Putin vows 'total annihilation' of terrorists after Volgograd bombings Children in cages Human rights group accuses Israel of torture Latvia enters Eurozone and becomes the 18th state to join. Canada is headed in the wrong direction, majority says in poll Most Australians want Google to stop giving data to US spy agencies WikiLeaks Julian Assange Calls on Computer Hackers to Unite Against NSA Surveillance Finnish HIV vaccine testing to begin  Previous tests have shown that the vaccine may have the ability to stop the progression of the disease, or at best to eliminate the HIV virus completely Japan will revise its constitution, which limits its military activities to selfdefense by 2020, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Email is broken  but Dark Mail Alliance is aiming to fix it | Edward Snowden's email provider is teaming up with secure communications firm Silent Circle to try and fix email for good Hadron Collider upgrade will lead to highest energy particle collisions ever attempted in efforts to solve questions over Dark Matter Elephant deaths rise in Tanzania after shoottokill poachers policy is dropped  60 animals 'butchered' in 2 months since crackdown was suspended after inquiry uncovered murder, rape & extortion Russia wishes NATO a Happy New Year by posing next to an intercontinental ballistic missile Hidden Poverty  The Well People Of Beijing Dubbed the new 'cave dwellers' of Beijing, these people were recently found living in the city's underground water system. Society's lowest rung raises hard questions about modern China. Latvia Becomes 18th Eurozone Member Palestinian ambassador in Prague injured in explosion Six killed in New Year's eve bomb blast in Philippines Saudi royal faces death penalty for murder of citizen The identity of the prince has not been released but Crown Prince Sultan bin Salman has given approval for the execution to take place. 'Sharia (Islamic law) shall be applied to all without exception.' The Daily Dot  The 10 NSA leaks you need to understand in 2013 Egypt Says 3 Journalists Will Be Held 15 More Days Pope Francis Encourages Bishop to Condemn SameSex Parenting The Archbishop of Canterbury, the principal leader of the Church of England, has urged bank bosses to make a massive cultural change in their management style. He says many refuse to accept how they dragged the world economy into crisis in 2008. British ExSpy Launches Fund to Support Whistleblowers Like Snowden | Threat Level Climate Change Vastly Worse Than Previously Thought India, Pakistan exchange nuclear facilities list Alberta Woman Sues Over Flammable Tap Water 'Golden age' of antibiotics 'set to end' We cannot say we weren't warned. The growing threat of antibiotic resistant organisms is once again in the spotlight. Prof Jeremy Farrar, the new head of Britain's biggest medical research charity The Wellcome Trust said it was a 'truly global issue'. A huge library of books collected by a 72yearold Greek Orthodox priest but used by the whole community was torched in Lebanon after he was accused of insulting Islam Purge of Canadas Fisheries Libraries Historic Loss Scientists Say  I see this situation as a national tragedy done under the pretext of cost savings. A modern democratic society should value its information resources, not reduce, or worse, trash them. By pouring cash into science and technology faster than its economy has expanded, China has for the first time overtaken Europe on a key measure of innovation the share of its economy devoted to research and development. ExSwiss guard complains of sexual advances in Vatican Germany urges Japan to deal honestly with World War 2 past China blocks the Guardian People are more rational when they're speaking a foreign language, new research shows. Thailand might declare state of emergency; Nearly 15,000 police and soldiers will be deployed in Bangkok Reported cases of Christians killed for their faith around the world doubled in 2013 from the year before, with Syria accounting for more than the whole global total in 2012 Plan to avert global warming by cooling planet artificially 'could cause climate chaos'. Proposal to inject tiny reflective particles into the upper atmosphere to block out sunlight could lead to droughts, warn scientists. Japan police deployed about 4,000 officers to locate a rape and robbery suspect, who escaped during questioning at a prosecutors office near Tokyo yesterday. Sri Lankans leave so many coins in India that central bank is running out  It's facing an unusual currency crisis a pilgrimdriven coin shortage. 22 tons of coins laying unused in Buddhist temples in India, left by Lankans on pilgrimage. Govt negotiating with India to have them sent back. Police in Japan are investigating how pesticide at 2.6 million times the permitted levels got into frozen croquettes produced by Maruha Nichiro after its products sickened hundreds Global rise in smokers Nearly 1 billion now smoke Lobbies Switch from Influencing to Directly Writing EU Laws China's trapped icebreaker makes successful escape BBC News  US Military Helicopter crashes on Norfolk coast. Emergency services are attending. 400m area cordoned off China suspends ban on video game consoles after more than a decade. Japanese workers sick from inhaling asbestos while laboring at US military bases Largest Dutch pension fund boycotts Israeli banks over settlement ties Pirate Bay supporters plan 'Twitterstorm' for jailed founder | As hacker prepares to return to court tomorrow, online activists lend their support Spains Princess Cristina Ordered to Appear in Court on Corruption Charges  A Spanish court has ordered Juan Carloss daughter to answer allegations of money laundering & tax fraud as faith in the monarchy hits a new low. Poland vows to veto British changes to EU migration rules  Poland vows to veto any potential changes to EU laws on workers migration, after the UK singled out Polish workers as having benefited from the British welfare system. Europe is likely to become the museum of world farming because of its failure to embrace genetically modified crops, the environment secretary told farmers on Tuesday. All armed police officers in England will have to wear cameras on duty Pirate Party Turns the Tables and Spies On Intelligence Agency Armed with a surveillance van the Swedish Pirate Partys youth division planned to listen in on one of the countrys most secretive outfits H5N1 bird flu death confirmed in Alberta, 1st in North America Video of drunk 9yearold boy exposes New Zealand's underage drinking problem. I had to upload the film to get police to act, says teen who shot video. US govt attempts to block lawsuit against NSA Pakistani high school student saves school and lives when he stood his ground and got a hold of the suicide bomber who then detonated his vest We want a United States of Europe says top EU official Russia on alert after finding 6 bodies in bombladen cars Mark Duggan, whose death sparked riots in England in 2011, was lawfully killed, inquest jury says by majority 8 to 2 UK law on being annoying in public has been blocked by the House of Lords, who 'believe the new injunction would undermine freedom of speech and association' European Parliament invites Snowden to testify Lawsuit lodged by MIT student seeks proof of CIA meddling in Mandela's arrest WikiLeaks consultant Gottfrid Svartholm Warg extradited from Sweden after alleged access to NSA contractor CSC Lions Approach Extinction in West Africa where they occupy less than 1% of their Historic Range. Environmentalists Sue Canada Over Species at Risk Due to Pipeline  5 groups are take govt to court claiming it's failed to meet its legal responsibilities under the 'Species at Risk Act' to protect endangered wildlife threatened by the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway pipeline & oil tanker route. M Class Earth directed solar flare on the way. 50% chance of X class solar flare within the next 48 hours. Spain Child films security guards attacking parents Honeybee shortage threatens crop pollination in Europe In more than half of European countries, there are not enough honeybees to pollinate crops, according to new research. Scientists believe that a boom in biofuels has sparked a massive increase in the need for pollination. Yahoo Virus Converts Millions Of Computers Into Bitcoin Mining Slaves Aitzaz Hasan Tributes to Pakistan teenager killed when he stopped a bomber NASA spots a 'potentially hazardous' new asteroid US witness report found on Stalin's Katyn massacre Former SS Soldier, 88, Charged Over 1944 Village Massacre in France 'They built our bridge upside down' Chile's government says Spanish firm messed up construction of prestige $30 million building project. Former SS soldier charged over 1944 Nazi massacre at OradourSurGlane Are you a bad enough dude to have the Russian government send afghan war veterans to hunt you down, and almost win if it wasn't for a godly sniper who shot you in the head while you were running through trees and smoke? b'It was decided and carried out they washed her, cut her hair, raped her and killed her,' Drug giant pledges cheap medicine for world's poor, shocks industry with challenge to other 'big pharma' companies b'US using British atomic weapons factory for its nuclear program' b'Israel & US said Iranian ship was carrying weapons... Cyprus searches it and finds none.' b'Naked British Idiocy' b'Can anyone recall what we put in our nuclear dump?' b'Calif., N.J. Utilities Unveil Solar Power Plans' b'In a  landmark move, first US campus divests from Israel!' b'Israel rules out Gaza truce unless soldier freed' b'In Romania, bribery is a health problem.' b'US Congress passes stimulus plan ' Doubts grow over skinhead 'knife attack' on Brazilian woman b'Venezuela expels Spanish deputy ' My Letter to Middle East Envoy George Mitchell, Asking Him to Speak with Gaza Women As an American Jew, I'm deeply ashamed of Israel. I hold no allegiance to a nation that engages in ethnic cleansing. BBC distortion We can't work with foreigners because we're segregated =&gt; (edit) =&gt; We can't work with foreigners. [+ page 3 girls] Female FBI officer 'tortured Mumbai terror attacks suspect with sex'  b'President McKinley decided we ought to keep the Philippines in order to Christianize the natives. When reminded that the Filipinos were already Roman Catholics, the President responded, 'Exactly.'' b'The Japanese government  orders parents of a 13 year old Filipina to leave the country within two weeks' b'Rise in jobless poses threat to stability worldwide ' b'We are the knights who say XE!' b'Europe sinks even deeper into recession than the United States' b'Israel lurches into fascism. We we must escalate the international civil society campaign of boycott, divestment and sanctions to force Israelis to choose a saner path ' b'Rose Trade and the Environment  Please be aware of what you encourage' b'Charlotte in same predicament as Wall Street' Rhino Poachers Shot Dead by Forest Guards in India N. Korea threatens preemptive nuclear strike against aggressors A court in New Zealand has ruled that Megaupload boss Kim Dotcom can sue the country's foreign intelligence service for illegally spying on him. Scouts Canada to Carly Rae Jepsen Were proLGBT, so perform for us, maybe? Unknown class of bacteria found under ice crust of Antarctic lake Voice of Russia Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to 1 year in prison in wiretrap trial EU Parliament voting for a complete ban on pornography. 'Eliminating Gender Stereotypes in the EU' is the innocuous title of a report that sounds like the sort of thing few would object to, but as Swedish Pirate MEP, Christian Engstrom notes, the devil is in the details. UN Security Council approves new sanctions to punish North Korea for its latest nuclear test. North Korea says to exercise right to preemptive nuclear attack against U.S.  KCNA Tesla Motors loses appeal case against Top Gear  Judge says lost sales from alleged libel quite unrealistic. In a Grain of Golden Rice, a World of Raging Controversy Over GMO Foods  There's rice growing in  the Philippines unlike any ever seen. It's yellow & genetically modified with betacarotene.  It's become the symbol of an idea genetically engineered crops can improve lives, rousing  global debate. Scientists believe crystal found in shipwreck could be a sunstone  mythical Viking navigational aid A proposal by the US to ban crossborder trade in polar bears and their parts was defeated on Thursday at an international meeting. 20 UN observers seized by Free Syrian Army Rebels in Golan Heights. Woman mauled to death by a lion as she had sex with her boyfriend in the African bush US names 'proHitler' Egyptian 'woman of courage' Peacekeepers Kidnapped in Golan Heights Australia, citing nuclear test, bars North Korea from reopening embassy The stompin legend himself Canadian singer Tom Conners passes away at 77 N Korea building huge 'security perimeter'  satellite images show political prison camps expanding to enclose civilian settlements, Amnesty International says Chechnya Islamic militants from Russia team up with Syrian rebels in 'jihad' against Assad  Inside Fukushima two years on radiation levels too high to enter reactors Furious over UN sanctions vote, North Korea vows to launch preemptive nuclear strike The United Nations says about 20 peacekeepers in the force charged with monitoring the ceasefire between Israel and Syrian troops on the Golan Heights have been detained by approximately 30 armed fighters. BBC News  Silvio Berlusconi convicted over Italy wiretap Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dead at 58 Chinese Farmers Revolt Against Govt Land Grab  Demand free elections, saying their chief sent thugs to attack the community. The road that runs along Shangpu is littered with burnedout cars. Farmers have built tents & barricades. Police have been in standoff 2 weeks. Horse meat scandal sparks rise in sales of vegetarian alternatives Quorn, the UK's biggest vegetarian ready meal brand, said it had seen sales growth more than double in the second half of February  Ikea withdraws chocolate cakes containing 'faecal matter' Australia has confirmed for the first time that an AustralianIsraeli man who died while secretly jailed in Israel worked for the Israeli government South Korea threatens North Korean leadership  For the first time, a man and a transgender woman are married in Israel Australia Police 'naive' to tell public not to film arrest Microsoft Fined $731 million for Breaking EU Promise Campaigners demand Google stop whale and ivory ads on Google Japan Research indicates that nearly onethird of the soot in the San Francisco Bay Area blew over from Asia. The EU have agreed to cap bankers bonus' ... despite opposition from Britain End of the inquisition Sephardic Jews invited back to Spain after 500 years. [BBC] China to Back New Sanctions Against North Korea African elephants face 'alarming declines' UN cancels Gaza charity marathon as Hamas bans women runners Israel illtreatment of Palestinian minors 'systematic' UN Syrian Refugees Number One Million In Finland parents kill 8yearold daughter after brutally abusing her for all her life. One of the most disgusting crimes in Finnish history. Choking to Death The Health Consequences of Air Pollution in China  The poor air quality, according to a leading Chinese public health expert, is worse than SARS because nobody can escape it. A United Nationsbased drug agency urged the United States government on Tuesday to challenge the legalization of marijuana for recreational use in Colorado and Washington, saying the state laws violate international drug treaties. Canadians consume 50% more alcohol than the rest of the world, claims study National outrage in China after car thief kills a 2 month old baby he discovered in the back seat. British troops will leave Germany a year earlier than planned to end a legacy of World War II by 2019, UK Defence Secretary Philip Hammond announced late on Tuesday Hugo Chvez will 'return on resurrection day', says Ahmadinejad A huge comet is headed for Mars. If it hits, it would be an event on the same sort of scale as the impact that drove the dinosaurs extinct 65m years ago.  A 75yrold Japanese man died after 25 hospitals refused to admit him to their emergency rooms 36 times over two hours, citing lack of beds or doctors to treat him US Ambassador Politely Asks UN Colleagues to Stop Showing Up Drunk to Meetings Piratebay is not actually being hosted from North Korea. It was a hoax to make it appear as if the IP was originating from NK. North Korea vows to cancel Korean War ceasefire Desmond Tutu Nuclear weapons must be eradicated for all our sakes. No nation should own nuclear arms  not Iran, not North Korea, and not their critics who take the moral high ground
 Indias patent appeals office has rejected international drug maker Bayer AGs plea to stop an Indian company from manufacturing a cheaper generic version of a patented cancer drug 'Dubious' care of the sick, 'questionable' politics and 'suspicious' financial dealings Researchers claim Mother Teresa was not so saintly after all North Korea threatens to cancel Korean War ceasefire because of U.N. sanctions. Warns of surgical strikes with precision nuclear striking tool. China officials caught spraypainting grass green in Chengdu 
Relaxation of US cannabis laws 'violates UN drug conventions' International Narcotics Control Board criticises decision by some US states to legalise use of cannabis Ban marketing of junk food to kids under 12, Ontario report recommends 'It's not racism. The Muslim players just shouldn't be here' Beitar Jerusalem fans walk out over signing of two Muslim Chechen players A UN human rights advocate has called on Britain and the US to release confidential reports into the countries' involvement in the kidnapping and torture of terrorism suspects, accusing them of years of official denials, sophistry and prevarication to cover up the truth Buses of company operating 'Palestinianonly' lines torched After being shutdown in Norway, The Pirate Bay Returns from North Korea. Soviet war veteran found in Afghanistan after 33 years South Africa running out of Rape kits due to massive numbers of Rape cases... A look inside N. Korea's Gulag system. A filthy side of the country Dennis Rodman ignored.  Russia Fears Its Troops Will Riot if Cigarette Rations End Only one in 10 regular massgoing Roman Catholics in Britain feel any guilt about using contraception . . . They are also much less likely to feel guilty about committing adultery, having sex before marriage or using pornography than people from many other religious groups. Gaza marathon cancelled after Hamas bans women runners Cancer drug ruling seen as victory for poor India's patent appeals office rejects Bayer AG's plea to stop production of generic version of a patented cancer drug  'Bayer sells a one month supply for US$5600. Natco's version would cost Indian patients US$175 a month' HSBC paid CEO Stuart Gulliver $11 million last year despite record money laundering fine Syrians tear down statue of Bashar alAssad's father after rebel advance US doctors cure child born with HIV 'Batman' brings in suspect to Bradford police Japanese father dies sheltering his daughter from blizzard Fake bishop sneaks into preconclave meeting at Vatican Four cops suspended after woman beaten on camera Female Iranian communists organize topless protest against hijabs in Swedish capital South Afican government spends R140m ($15,5 mil) on $40 theme driven Wordpress website Police in Northern Ireland intercept 4 mortar bombs minutes from being launched at a Londonderry Police station. 3 arrested and operation linked to dissident republicans. Harvard Economist Legalizing Drugs Suits Ideal of American Freedom UK Queen hospitalized after apparent infection Egypt unleashes Islamic morality police force Putting a Price on Foreigners Strict Immigration Laws 'Save Denmark Billions' Australian miners fired for 'Harlem Shake' Hamas Will Not Allow Obama To Visit The Temple Mount on His Upcoming Trip to Israel and Palestine. Melbourne researchers uncover HIV's genetic hiding place A $1 billion bet on peace Qatar funds huge Palestinian settlement in West Bank Spain's Jobless Hits Record 5 Million in February  Germany would veto Bulgaria, Romania in Schengen Interior Minister HansPeter Friedrich has told Der Spiegel magazine that Germany would not allow Romania or Bulgaria to join the European openborder Schengen zone.  Iranian boat seized off the Yemeni coast was carrying sophisticated Chinese antiaircraft missiles, a development that could signal an escalation of Iran's support to its Middle Eastern proxies, alarming other countries in the region  Fat Cat Initiative to be written into Switzerland's constitution, to impose some of the world's strictest controls on executive pay Israel on 'locust alert' following Egyptian plague Man charged $20,000 for roaming charges in Mexico. The answer to Chinese pollution? It's in Japan Nasa's Curiosity Mars rover has been put into safe mode after a computer glitch caused by corrupted files. SOS John Kerry US to release $250 Million in Aid to Egypt to support 'its future democracy' 200 egg farmers in Germany accused of selling millions of eggs falsely labeled as 'freerange' and 'organic' in what has been called fraud on a massive scale Israel introduces 'Palestinian only' bus lines, following complaints from Jewish settlers  Israel News 100 million sharks killed each year, say scientists  Protect sharks or they face possible extinction in a generation, scientists warn as they gather in Bangkok for Cites meeting
 Moscow Mayor says no to more mosques in the city Iranian ship carrying Chinese missiles to Yemen Caught Not a Good Idea American Nukes in South Korea  The redeployment of tactical nuclear weapons to the Korean Peninsula would be a Cold War solution to a 21st century problem. Ban Elephant Ivory, Legalize Rhino Horn?  Fate of elephants, rhinoceroses & other imperiled species to be decided at Bangkok wildlife summit. 177 countries will consider increasing or decreasing protection for iconic mammals & organisms like sharks, turtles & timber species.
  











   US Trade Rep orders Canada to comply with the deadandburied ACTA treaty 'USTR gave marching orders to Canada's Harper government, and it has introduced a bill that would force Canadians to obey the provisions in ACTA, even though ACTA no longer exists' Israeli Ministry of Transportation launches 'Palestinians only' buses Mars Curiosity rover switched to safe mode after memory problems Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood want to delete video of MB members doing the Harlem Shake from the Internet. Greece reclassified to 'emerging market' from developed Nazi Holocaust camps uncovered across Europe 3 suspected Islamist terrorists arrested in France Top managers salary to be decided by shareholders in Switzerland Syrian troops destroy ancient synagogue Political corruption scandal in Spain takes new twist. Former Popular Party Treasurer who was forced out after it was discovered he held a secret Swiss bank account worth millions presses theft charges against his own Party. Police raid PP headquarters until some higherup cancels investigation. Think New York Is Costly? In New Delhi, Seedy Goes for 8 Figures 'Real estate prices in the heart of New Delhi, especially for the bungalows built nearly a century ago during the British Raj, are among the highest in the world.' Thailand's promise to end ivory trade cautiously welcomed Hundreds of thousands of Portuguese have poured into the streets of Lisbon and other cities to demand an end to austerity dictated by an international bailout and the resignation of the centerright government. Volunteers in China say they rescued 900 dogs from cramped truck after online posting. 'Volunteers said the truck was on its way to Guangdong province in southern China, where dog meat is often served in restaurants' Heat on Thailand as wildlife conference starts  conservationists will converge in Bangkok for the start of key endangered species talks on Sunday, as host Thailand faces pressure to curb rampant ivory smuggling through its territory Magnitude5.5 Yunnan, China earthquake injures 20, damages 2500 homes Banker Andrei Borodin granted asylum in Britain after fleeing Vladimir Putin's Russia  Britain has risked opening a new rift with the Kremlin by granting political asylum to a prominent Russian banker accused of fraud in his own country.   Russia Turns Against Nabokov  36 yrs after his death & 22 after end of censorship, the author is, once again, controversial.  Since wave of 2011 protest, Vladimir Putin & his party have cut losses with finicky lites & focus on demonizing them as Western agents. 














   The good news Meat Pies tested in Iceland contain no horse meat.  The bad news They also apparently contain no meat of any kind. European Officials Cap Banker Bonuses at Maximum of One Year of Salary Japanese bullet train carrying some 130 people derails in heavy snow in northern Japan The Vatican admitted on Thursday [28 February 2013] that it had secretly bugged clergy within the Holy See as part of the investigation into the Vatileaks scandal, which resulted in the Pope's butler being imprisoned for stealing confidential pontifical documents. 13YearOld Mexican Drug Cartel Hitman Found Dead, Tortured Lech Walesa, former president of Poland says Homosexuals should sit on the last bench in the plenary hall, or even behind the wall  Don't tear down our wall, Berliners plead Brazil's favelas, or slums, are home to a growing consumer class whose purchasing power has risen due to a jump in salaries, a decrease in unemployment, and greater access to education. US wins court appeal in battle to extradite Internet entrepreneur Kim Dotcom from New Zealand  The Holocaust Just Got More Shocking The Germans had vastly more work camps and ghettos than anyone knew Potatoes grown during the Famine available from next week, for the first time in almost 170 years  The Irish Times 'I am one of the Fukushima fifty' One of the men who risked their lives to prevent a catastrophe shares his story  Failing Drug War When Cops Become Criminals  The war on drugs has become so intense that the line between criminality and lawenforcement has blurred. 660,000 People In China Have Been Living With Almost No Water For Four Years US military expands its drug war in Latin America Tunisia Stumbles  It took the lead in Arab Spring, its revolution swift & peaceful. An assembly was elected to write a new constitution.  But it's getting more complicated. The prime minister resigned, an opposition leader was assassinated, &  public discontent is mounting.





   Italy exposes wider crisis of democracy  Those preaching austerity are contributing to a political meltdown Selfdestructive Europe Those preaching austerity are contributing to a crisis of democracy. Research shows that nearly 100 million sharks are killed annually One doctors dream to keep Indias last polio ward empty. Polio once claimed thousands of victims a year in India. But its two years since the last case. S. Africa cops charged with murder after death of man dragged by police van NASA probes find new radiation belt encircling Earth Egypt considering renting out the Pyramids. THE PRICE OF IVORY From Elephants Mouths, an Illicit Trail to China The Natoled Isaf force has apologised for the deaths of two Afghan boys, killed when a helicopter fired on them, mistaking them for insurgents.

The boys, aged under seven, were killed last month in rural Uruzgan province. Manning statement Americans had a right to know 'true cost of war' Every year in China, 287,000 people end their lives by suicide The 81story skyscraper is all but invisible, shrouded by a layer of pollution so dense that even closeup objects are a blur. Taco Bell finds traces of horse meat in U.K. products. China Building 29 Nuclear Reactors, 40% of the World's Total  After  Fukushima meltdown, Germany announced it'd decommission all nuclear plants. Switzerland & Italy rejected proposals to build more. Japan shut down  reactors & hasn't restarted them. China, on the other hand, plowed ahead.




   Iceland's porn ban 'conflicts with the idea of a free society', say critics | World news Berlin Wall to be torn down for luxury flats 2 US Navy Sailors Convicted in Okinawa Rape Norwegian health minister supports making smoking heroin legalized, to make addicts quit using needles.  Here ComeChinas Drones  China is developing its own drone technology  for its own military and for sale around the world. Five women and one man are suing the Met Police over alleged intimate relationships with undercover police, including cases where children have been fathered. In Kenya, Half Brother To Obama Runs For Governor Dennis Rodman tells Kim Jong Un he has a 'friend for life' Publicly owned Royal Bank of Scotland admits 'chastening' year as losses breach 5bn, pays bonuses of 679m  all pretense is gone, this is blatant looting Delhi protest over 'sex attack' on sevenyearold girl There have been violent protests in the Indian capital, Delhi, after reports that a sevenyearold girl was sexually assaulted at school. Airline refuses to change woman's flights after her son was brutally killed by a Great White shark. Iran's nose jobs per capita rate is seven times that of the United States. Benedict XVI Formally Ends His Papacy and Leaves Vatican French forces in Mali have killed Abu Zeid, leader of AlQuaida in north africa (no link to an english article yet ) US Wins Appeal in Battle to Extradite Kim Dotcom BBC News  Mount Etna erupts from 'new crater'  Iran has stepped up executions of prisoners including juveniles as well as arrests of dissidents who are often tortured in jail, sometimes to death, the United Nations reported on Thursday. First photos of Dennis Rodman and Kim Jong Un at a basketball game in Pyongyang. Loss of wild pollinators serious threat to crop yields, study finds. Euro Zone Unemployment Rises to Record 11.9 percent Sarkozy Confirms 'Robin Hood' Tax For France. 0,1% tax on financial transactions Nearly $1 trillion in illicit capital left Mexico from 19702010, averaging about $50 billion a year this past decade, and most of it going to the U.S. Chinese dissident on trial after using Skype to send poem Doctors Without Borders suspended its work in the Libyan city of Misrata last week because prison officials repeatedly brought torture victims in for treatment  only to return them to interrogation after they received medical care.  Rebel hero who has 'betrayed' the last of Aceh's orangutans  Governor has dismayed supporters by allowing the destruction of a Sumatran forest where the apes live Lost In Translation Because Of Twitter Joke, Brits Denied Entry To U.S. Last shipment of gold bars arrives at Caracas airport, 160 tons repatriated from European and American banks to Venezuela's central bank India said...it may use its own currency...to pay for oil imports from Iran in the face of a USled sanctions campaign aimed at forcing Tehran to abandon its nuclear programme. India has said it will continue to import oil from Iran, joining China in refusing to bow to intensifying US pressure Mexican official stopped with $1.9 million in luggage  Julian Assange's extradition battle enters final round China Rushes to Clean Up Cadmium Spill Ukraine's  top file sharing website shut down by authorities. BBC News  Pakistan is helping Afghan Taliban, says Nato report Mexico envoy in Venezuela kidnapped  Crime on the rise in Venezuela.  Gulf Arabs have plans against Hormuz closure official  Reuters Japan's Yazaki Corporation and Denso Corporation,  auto parts manufacturers, have admitted guilt and will pay the US $548M in fines for pricefixing violations At least 60 people have died as a result of a cold snap in Eastern Europe. Thousands of cars circle central Moscow in antiPutin protest Eurozone unemployment hits new record, 10.4% Occupy Mexico? How about 'End the Drug War'? Most Mexicans would rather stop the bloodshed than occupy the country. U.N. Says exHaiti dictator must be tried for Human Rights abuses.  Seven chemical company officials are detained over industrial waste that polluted a river in China's southern Guangxi region, state media reports. Unemployment at record high across the eurozone French Rafale jet beats Eurofighter in $10bn India deal Destroyer ship HMS Dauntless set for Falklands