 Europe Already Beat Its 2020 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Target Scientists have found fossillike hints that some kind of life existed on Earth 4.1 billion years ago  when the planet was a mere volcanic toddler. That's 300 million years earlier for life to pop up than previously thought. Sunscreen contributing to decline of coral reefs, study shows | UV filtering chemical is killing off baby coral around tourist resorts, particularly in the Caribbean and Hawaii New Canadian PM Tells Obama Withdrawing Fighter Jets From Syria, Iraq A group that documented Nazi war crimes is now investigating whether massacres committed by Islamic State jihadists against Iraq's Yazidi minority amount to genocide. The Yazidis are neither Arabs nor Muslims and have a unique faith which IS jihadists consider to be heretical and polytheistic. A Saudi activist has been sentenced to 10 years in prison and barred from travel abroad for another decade, a human rights lawyer said Tuesday.He was considered among the most vocal critics of religious extremism and militancy. N. Korea asks US for peace treaty, US has no interest Four con artists spend 200,000RMB building a fake interrogation center to extort money from corrupt Chinese officials Canada's Liberals Sweep to VictoryWith a Marijuana Legalization Platform We will remove marijuana consumption and incidental possession from the Criminal Code, and create new, stronger laws to punish more severely those who provide it to minors... Oslo just declared that it will become the first major city to ban cars Number of London's 'working poor' surges 70% in 10 years Camerawoman plans to sue one of the refugees she kicked at Hungary border US Navy F18 jet crashes in Cambridgeshire Fens. Benjamin Netanyahu blames Holocaust on Palestinian leader at World Zionist Congress, says Hitler only wanted to expel Jews British spies will soon have the right to hack into smartphones and computers | Tory lawmakers are planning to pass new laws giving MI5, MI6 and GCHQ a  dizzying range of electronic surveillance, reports suggest Migrants 'torch tents' in Slovenia camp Chemicals In Sunscreen Are Harming Coral Reefs, Says New Study Carbon nanotubes have turned up in the lungs of children living in Paris  the first time they have been detected in humans. Keystone & TPP under question as Canada elects Liberal PM Australia continues its strong opposition against lethal commercial whaling activities, with Minister for the Environnment Greg Hunt releasing a statement this week condemning Japan's whaling program and attempt to exclude itself from the ICJ in matters relating to future whaling activities. Refugee crisis Ninemonth pregnant 14yearold goes missing amid anger the Netherlands is allowing child brides from Syria to seek asylum Singapore MegaChurch Head Guilty of Embezzling $35 Million Wave of Violence in Israel and Palestine Assad in surprise visit to Moscow Dalai Lama joins spiritual leaders calling for ambitious Paris climate agreement | This is not a question of one nation or two nations. This is a question of humanity. Our world is our home, the Dalai Lama said. There's no other planet where we may move or shift. Canadians elect Liberal majority. Ending Stephen Harpers 9 year rule. US approves $11.25 billion warship sale to Saudi Arabia Scientists are about to use the Large Hadron Collider to try and discover a parallel universe Israeli hummus cafe gives JewishArab tables 50% off | Owner offers free refill to Jews and Palestinian guests dining together, to show that we're all human beings. UK's largest online pharmacy fined 130,000 for selling patients' personal data to scammers Aer Lingus passenger who died after biting fellow traveller 'had 41,000 worth of cocaine in his stomach Each Syrian refugee is set to cost the taxpayer up to 23,420 in the first year of their relocation to the UK, figures seen by BBC News suggest. Stephen Harper resigns as Conservative leader Fourth asylum home on fire in west Sweden  Housing for asylum seekers near Munkedal in western Sweden is on fire, in the fourth suspected arson attack on refugee accommodation in just over a week. 2/3 of Germans still trust Volkswagen after emissions scandal  Polls shows 65% of respondents think the scandal has been exaggerated, & 63% expect it to be forgotten in a year Muslims condemn Britain's plans to combat extremism UNESCO Will Vote on Plan To Declare Western Wall a Muslim Site First Fukushima worker diagnosed with radiationlinked cancer U.N. May Recommend Decriminalizing Drug Use. The U.N.s Office on Drugs and Crime would recommend decriminalizing drug use as well as possession of all drugs for personal consumption. Christian churches in Indonesia province to be closed over Muslim groups pressure Gay marriage 15,000 samesex couples marry since law change The Saudi government, under increasing criticism over civilian casualties from its airstrikes in Yemen and a harsh crackdown on political dissidents at home, has just hired a powerhouse Washington, D.C., lobbying firm headed by a top Hillary Clinton fundraiser Russian secret service to vet research papers A biology institute at Russias largest and most prestigious university has instructed its scientists to get all research manuscripts approved by the security service before submitting them to conferences or journals. Bombsniffing Labrador thwarts possible terror attack in E. Jerusalem NASA predict huge asteroid will just miss Earth as it zips past this Halloween The new head of customs at one of Europe's most notoriously corrupt ports is a 26yearold YouTube star with no experience. Norway's oilrich capital first to divest from fossil fuels | Oslo takes responsibility for climate in ridding $9 billion pension fund of coal, oil and gas investments say surging Greens Third Russian air strike on Syrian rebel group kills leader Islamic State Unleashes Propaganda Blitz Calling for Attacks Against Jews Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's farright National Front, went on trial Tuesday on charges of inciting hatred after comparing Muslim street prayers to the Nazi occupation. b'Israel approves 900 settler homes' b'7 men survive 2 MONTHS adrift in the Pacific. [BBC]' b'Israeli settlers in the South Hebron Hills of the West Bank have been harassing a Palestinian family walking home, then beat and robbed two internationals who accompanied them.' b'Virtually legal In many countries, full jails, stretched budgets and a general weariness with the war on drugs have made prohibition harder to enforce' b'For roughly the same cost as stationing 40,000 troops in Afghanistan for one year, we could educate the great majority of the 75 million children worldwide' b'Mexico's Juarez on path to anarchy   2000 dead so far this year. We have an unsustainable economy  a globalised economy  which pays very low wages. That allowed an alternative economy to be created which also globalised  drugs. Both economies are playing here.' b'Athens in siege police Hq attacked, hundreds detained and many wounded' b'Inside Dignitas Assisted Suicide in Switzerland  We don't discuss moral questions. What moral? Which moral? Catholic? Muslim? Buddhist? We are just working of the atheist basis of selfdetermination' b'Australia This is growing now... Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has concerns about Scientology' b'Former Nazi SS man, aged 90, on trial for the murder of 58 Jewish forced labourers in 1945...' b'Silicon Sweatshops Despite strict codes of conduct, labor rights violations are the norm at Apple, Nokia and Dell factories' New Zealand tops Denmark as world's least corrupt nation b' A treasure trove of Tibetan art and manuscripts uncovered in sky high Himalayan caves could be linked to the storybook paradise of ShangriLa, says the team that made the discovery' b'Afghaniscam | Mother Jones' b'Canadian troops could soon be outfitted to fight in Canadian cities. So even in Canada the people are seen as the enemy by those in power. ' b'Australian Justice is Coloured An opinion on the young Aboriginal boy who had to go to court over recieving a stolen freddo frog. ' Spain Codifies 'The Right to Broadband' b'Independent judiciary a threat to national security, says Foreign Office official' John Pilger The Theft of West Papua's mineral wealth. Let the Bird of Paradise go Free...nThe province's courageous resistance movement  b'Afghanistan, Iraq Near Bottom of Corruption Index' b'School massacre prevented' b'If our Founding Fathers wanted us to care about the rest of the world, they wouldn't have declared their independence from it. n Stephen Colbert' b'Escalation of Afghanistan War Canada Faces a Fateful Decision.' b'Ecuador energy crisis cripples production, disrupts cities  UPI.com' 'Cosmic rays' may have caused Qantas jet's plunge Poor in India Starve as Politicians Steal $14.5 Billion of Food  The theft blunted the countrys only weapon against widespread starvation  a fivedecadeold public distribution system that has failed to deliver record harvests to the plates of Indias hungriest. Shenzhen, where some of China's largest electronics manufacturers are located, looks set to hike its minimum wage by 13.3%, in a move that could cause a ripple effect across the world's major technology companies.  In Feb. Guatemalan President Molina said his country is not doing what the US says, we're doing what we have to do   decriminalize drugs.  Now US Marines have been sent in to help oust the Zeta Drug Cartel.  The US Navy, Coast Guard, & federal agents are also involved.  Bill for gay marriage passes first reading in New Zealand Russias volleyball coach commits suicide after Olympic failure  report Hundreds Of Websites Go Dark In Jordan In SOPAStyle #BlackoutJo Protest Over Internet Freedom Desmond Tutu quits summit with Blair over invasion of Iraq. Nobel peace winner says he won't share platform with 'morally indefensible' former PM
 Blizzard cuts off Iranian Access to WoW because of 'U.S. trade sanctions' Stephen Hawking to star in Paralympics opener Russian President Vladimir Putin is spending billions of taxpayers' rubles on 20 luxurious residences, 43 jets and four yachts, a top opposition leader claimed Tuesday. It's estimated that the maintenance of Putin's residences, jets and cars alone costs $2.5 billion a year. Possible Malaria cure found at the University of Cape Town, South Africa. CIA balked at chance to kill bin Laden in 99, Polish exspy says IBM and MS deciding New Zealand legislation In 2010, Microsoft and IBM convinced the Ministry of Economic Dev to abandon plans to exclude software from patentability, as seen in the new version of the text published on Aug 2012 Red Cross halts most Pakistan aid in wake of doctor's beheading Bolivian police seize 2 tons of uranium...that was being stored at a building in central La Paz located near the U.S. and Spanish embassies.
 Anger over Australian supermarket 'no Indians' job ad. Multiple roofs on fire after planned WW2 Bomb detonation in Munich  Is ABC Starting to Understand BitTorrent Demand? In an attempt to dissuade Aussie punters from torrenting the show, ABC announced it will offer this weekends new Doctor Who episode on its iView service as soon as it finishes airing in the UK France opens murder inquiry' into Yasser Arafat death  China Aims High From the Bottom of the World  Country plans 2 worldclass telescopes for its Antarctic observatory.  The pair will be among the biggest & most significant telescopes in Antarctica. Astronomers have long thought Dome A is the best place on Earth to gaze at the Universe. UK's Deputy PM demands an emergency tax on the rich to cope with downturn A little bit of WWII just came back to Munich An American bomb was found; disarming impossible; now it was detonated, setting nearby houses on fire Threeperson civil union sparks controversy in Brazil Archbishop Tutu refuses platform with Blair.
Nobel Peace laureate pulls out of leadership conference in protest against exUK PM's role in USled Iraq invasion. Red Cross halts most Pakistan aid after beheading University of the People, a tuitionfree online university aimed at poor students around the globe who would otherwise not have access to higher education. New Megaupload Will Be Massive Global Network To Change The World We are building a massive global network, Dotcom revealed, adding that hosters will all be able to connect to the network to add servers and bandwidth  providing theyre not in the US Dont Let Them Trade Away Our Internet Freedoms The TPP endangers the Internet and digital freedoms on par with ACTA, SOPA, and PIPA...The TPP is a major threat because it will rewrite global rules on IP enforcement and restrict the public domain. Gaza 'will not liveable by 2020'  UN Australian Employment minister Bill Shorten has declared he finds it hard to make ends meet on his $330,000 salary while denying a rise to the $13,000 unemployment benefit. Father blows up daughter's boyfriend. Young cannabis smokers run risk of lower IQ, report claims Egyptian designer runs afoul of Saudi princess, gets 500 lashes Nagla Wafa, a 39yearold Egyptian designer in a dispute with the Saudi monarchy has been formally sentenced to 500 lashes and 5 years in prison, where she has been kept with little contact with the outside world and does not have access to a lawyer.  After attacks, Israeli schools confront hate Israeli students are being required to discuss the attempted lynching of a number of Palestinian youths Israeli army 'cleared' in Rachel Corrie death ExGeneral's Daughter Lured To Lagos, Killed By Facebook Friends Food shortages could force world into vegetarianism, warn scientists Egyptian President hires women and Christians as steps toward diversity. How the US and Israeli justice systems whitewash state crimes Israeli court rules killing of American activist accident; US Ambassador says Israeli inquiry is insufficient China testfires new nuclearcapable ICBM Canadian children's rights group condemns AAP circumcision policy as seriously flawed University of Cape Town claims to have found a single dose cure for Malaria. Malaria kills 1.2m people a year. Exclusive We believe that the USA is the major player against Syria and the rest are its instruments Dutch man gets suspended term for insulting queen on Twitter The Forgotten SovietJapanese War of 1939 From May to September 1939, the USSR and Japan fought an undeclared war involving over 100,000 troops. It may have altered world history.  Gaza will no longer be liveable by 2020 unless urgent action is taken to improve water supply, power, health, and schooling, the United Nations' most comprehensive report on the Palestinian enclave said on Monday. Marines punish nine for urinating on Taliban corpses; punishment due soon in Quran burning BBC News  French police break up Roma encampment in Lyon b'Photos of a 15yearold Iraqi suicide bomber who gave herself up  ' London Olympics 'Tacky' 2012 handover show attacked by British bloggers b'Fascist close to taking over Thailand. They want to replace the democracy with a system that would be dominated by appointees from the bureaucracy and the military. ' b'Iraq says U.S. sought troop presence to 2015' b'Indian state erupts in violence after Hindu shot' b'A majority of Russians back the PutinMedvedev government and are excited about the return of Russia as a superpower. ' US ''doves'' bring to Georgia Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles b'Russia cruiser to test weapons in crowded Black Sea' b'N. Korea Angered By US NonCommitment of Promise, Flashes Its Plutonium Capability Trump Card.' One man's China crusade World Bank OneThird of World's Poor in India (42% of India's population live Below Poverty Line ($1.25/day); 75.65% live on less than $2/day..which is more than SubSaharan Africa)  b'The Free Gaza Movement forced the Israeli government to issue a fundamental policy change regarding their military and economic blockade of Gaza.' b'U.S. soldiers say they executed Iraqis on riverbank' b'BBC denies interference in alQaida coverage' Three drug hitmen die in attack on Mexican army   when hitman are going after the army, there's a problem... b'Must We Help Georgia?' b'BBCWest condemns Russia over Georgia ,  WEST == U.S. OF A. ??' b'Archaeologists unearth 1,300yearold mummy in Peruvian capital' b'Ossetian leader accuses US of genocide' b'Egypt urges end to Israel threats' 7.0 Quake strikes Russia's Siberian region b'Backgrounder Basic facts about Abkhazia' b'Sudan hijackers free passengers in Libya' b'Black Sea Fleet ships start tracking NATO guests' b'UK makes Atlantic sea bed claim' Iran bans women from 70 university degree courses  Sweden does not want to extradite Assange to death row  We will never surrender a person to the death penalty said Cecilia Riddselius on behalf of the Swedish Ministry of Justice Mali Islamists when we have finished conquering France, we will come to the USA, we will come to London and conquer the whole world.  Boy (15) on trial for murder in the Netherlands for allegedly stabbing a  girl to death in a 20 contract killing, after a row started over Facebook comments. Just As Ecuador Grants Asylum To Assange, It Prepares To Extradite Blogger For Exposing Corruption The Vatican won a major victory Monday [20 August 2012] in an Oregon federal courtroom, where a judge ruled that the Holy See is not the employer of molester priests. The decision . . . ends a sixyear question in the decadeold case and could shield the Vatican from possible monetary damages. 'Operation Free Assange' Anonymous take down UK government websites Wife of powerful politician dodges death sentence for murder of U.K. businessman while a street vendor sits on death row. China plans on building a 220story skyscraper...in 
90 days. Possible Amelia Earhart wreckage found! Islamists in Timbuktu Mali Becomes Infected by the Somali Virus  Mali was once a model of African democracy. But ever since a military coup in March, Islamists have been on the march and have already imposed Sharia law in the country's north.  Hundreds Of Christians Hiding In Pakistan After Girl's Arrest Mexico chalks up success in healthcare reforms. Nearuniversal coverage results from scienceinformed changes. A female Japanese journalist was killed Monday while covering clashes in Syria's northern city of Aleppo. BBC article on the increasing reach of American law overseas  taxes, copyrights, and sanctions extending American law to foreign companies operating overseas. Satellite imagery shows North Korea placing dome atop developing nuclear reactor Up to 3 years Pussy Riot copycats booted from German cathedral may face jail. 4 people who stormed Cologne Cathedral during services, wearing masks and carrying signs showing solidarity with the jailed members of Pussy Riot, have been charged with disturbing a religious service and may face prison Netanyahu 'determined to attack Iran' before US elections, claims Israel's Channel 10... WikiLeaks Bypasses Financial Blockade With Bitcoin  Forbes India blocks more than 250 Web sites for inciting hate, panic  The Washington Post U.K. aims for the fastest broadband in Europe by 2015 Brazil Drug dealers say no to crack in Rio Egypt is preparing to use aircraft and tanks in Sinai for the first time since the 1973 war with Israel Fish demand 'exceeds UK sea supply' Level of consumption in 2012 has already met annual fish supplies, leaving the UK reliant on imported stocks
 BBC News  Arctic sea ice set to hit record low 14 year old girl too young to work as a counsellor at a camp for kids with cancer. Instead, she raised $90k by becoming the youngest person to swim across Lake Ontario. Frenchwoman in legal battle with Saudi monarchy dead after mysteriously falling from her apartment window, with foul play considered a possibility. Canada's largest Protestant church approves boycott of Israeli settlement products German Pirate Party appeals Germany's ban on anonymous SIM card activation Says it's covered under European Court of Human Rights' right to private life Legal myths about the Assange extradition. Dawn of 'drone ecology' begins, as unmanned vehicles skim over Indonesia's jungle canopy to photograph orangutans, protect rhinos in Nepal, and study invasive aquatic plants in Florida UK 'too heavyhanded' with Twitter and online trolls Burma Abolishes Media Censorship Myanmar ends direct media censorship in most dramatic move yet for freedom of expression Israel Police Hundreds watched attempt to lynch Palestinians in Jerusalem, did not interfere. Are some banks too big to prosecute?  CNN.com Iceland holds some key lessons for nations trying to survive bailouts after the islands approach to its rescue led to a surprisingly strong recovery, the International Monetary Funds mission chief to the country said. Mosque shooting, suicide bombing hit Russia's Caucasus region Pussy Riot protesters arrested in Marseille. French police detain Pussy Riot protesters for wearing balaclavas amid crackdown on facecoverings UK doesn't know who it is dealing with, Ecuador says  

President Rafael Correa describes UK's stance as grotesque & intolerant & warns any attempt to storm its embassy to arrest Assange would destroy relations between the 2 countries. Scientists dispel 'Miserable Monday' myth  It seems we hate Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays too Pussy Riot copycats booted and arrested from German cathedral (VIDEO) Spains Creative Protests Flamenco Flash Mobs and Supermarket Robin Hoods Angry demonstrations are one thing, but the irate in Spain are stomping their flamenco heels at banks and robbing supermarkets to give to the poor 11 year old Christian  girl arrested for 'blasphemy'  The Russian Orthodox and Polish Roman Catholic churches signed an unprecedented reconciliation appeal on Friday, after centuries of feuding and hostility. The two churches described the move as a historical act.  Wife of Chinese politician Bo Xilai gets suspended death sentence, expected to spend at least 14 years in jail  India bans mass text messages to stem panic among minorities   Colombian 'Farc rebels' blow up oil pipeline Raising Romania's Orphans, Several Boys At A Time
Florin Grosuleac has raised more than 60 orphaned boys in his small apartment in Bucharest. In a country where children are too often abandoned, Grosuleac has devoted his life to taking them in. Mexico's federal police agency has replaced all 348 officers at the capital's international airport almost two months after police there shot dead three of their fellow officers in an alleged drug related killing. Tomorrow, a 100 year old mysterious package, its content unknown, will be opened in a museum in Norway. A true time capsule is revealed. Elderly woman ruins the classic painting Ecce Homo Beyond recognition.  We'll make a killing out of food crisis, Glencore trading boss boasts, Drought is good for business SKorean judges block law requiring real names online, ruling it restricts freedom of speech 'US not our daddy to punish us'  Ecuador FM Patino. Ecuador does not fear US revenge for granting asylum to Julian Assange We dont think that any punishment is possible, nor do we think that there is a reason for revenge for Ecuadors sovereign decision. The USA does it every day Russia to eliminate all its chemical weapons by 2015 Tobacco on Pace to Kill One Billion People This Century (crosspost from r/globalhealth) Swedish prosecutor It is possible to interview Assange in London. We've done so in other cases. Still, Assange MUST come to Sweden and we wont say why. BBC News  Israel anger at S Africa 'Occupied Territories' labels Chinese Psych Treatments    Each year 1,000s are forcibly locked in mental institutions.  A humanrights lawyer was walking down a street when he was grabbed &  tossed in one, where he was tied up, forcefed, & given injections. When released, he had no idea about what exactly had happened to him.
 New immunesystem disease found in Asians; causes AIDSlike symptoms in people without HIV Nearly 60 percent of Jewish 12thgraders in Israel support the deportation of African refugees and almost half think their children should also be deported, according to a survey that will be presented at this year's Haifa Education Conference Massive student protests return to streets of Montreal Thousands of students have rallied against tuition fee hikes in Quebec; demonstrators marched through downtown Montreal ahead of Quebecs general election on Sept 4th US, Pakistan should 'divorce,' exambassador to Washington says The United States and Pakistan should stop pretending they are allies and amicably divorce, Pakistan's former ambassador to Washington said on Wednesday, citing unrealistic expectations in both countries that include U.S. Canadian government drops environmental assessment of 492 projects, washes hands; dropped projects include those proven to cause damage to environment Robert Fisk 'Rebel army? They're a gang of foreigners' Islamist Mind Games How Young German Men Are Lured into Jihad   Young Muslim men in Germany are systematically trying to recruit their peers for jihad using sophisticated rhetoric and psychology and by targeting vulnerable youths who are searching for direction in life.  Report Pacific Ocean Has 100x More Plastic Particles in it Than in the '70s In rare public rebuke, UN chief tells Iranian leaders to tone down rhetoric  The Syrian government is now using tanks and aircraft to shell Damascus Automated feed of /r/india to twitter ordered to be blocked by Government of India Australia/NZ threatens telcos with mobile roaming price laws Australia and New Zealand are considering legislation to prevent mobile carriers gouging customers when they use their phones overseas Son of Chechen Warlord Dies Fighting Assad  An International War France loosens job restrictions on Roma  Prime minister's office says new sectors will be created where Europe's most marginalised ethnic group can seek work. Chemical weapons 'excuse for US to intervene in Syria' Chinese state media have accused US President Barack Obama of planning to use Syria's chemical weapons as an excuse for intervening militarily. A week after losing his appeal for the righttodie with assistance from a doctor, Tony Nicklinson, who was paralysed from the neck down and described his life as a living nightmare, dies after refusing food for a week. German customs seized a $1.2 million violin from a Japanese professional musician and are demanding she pay almost $500,000 to get it back George Orwell is 'too Leftwing for a statue, says BBC...  Pirate Patch Unblocks The Pirate Bay In a Blink Criminal charges filed against German rabbi for performing circumcision  The charges come less than two months after a Cologne court ruled that the religious act causes bodily harm to newborn babies Enrique Steiger, epic plastic surgeon who spends 2 months per year working on celebrities, and the rest of the year working as an emergency doctor in wartorn zones Gambia to execute all death row prisoners next month   Gambian President Yahya Jammeh pledged to have all of the countrys deathrow prisoners executed by midSeptember in a stern Eid address aired on Sunday which targeted heinous acts including homosexuality and drug use.  Obama warns Syria against using chemical or biological weaponsObama says, 'That's a red line for us ... there would be enormous consequences' if Bashar Assad appeared to be preparing to use poison gas or biological weapons.' Tony Nicklinson, British sufferer of 'Locked In Syndrome', dies. Offensive Caricature Has Angered Christians in Germany   The Might Of Thorium Can India Lead The Next 
Global Energy Revolution? | Economy Watch TrapWire tied to antiOccupy Internetspy program Kim Jong Un to make first foreign trip as head of state next week, to Iran. Russia joins WTO What's gone wrong at The Guardian?  Judge in Chile orders arrest of 8 former police & army officials for kidnapping US hiker   The Princeton University mathematics professor vanished in 1985 while hiking near Chile's border with Argentina. Mexican judges strike down law protecting army from civilian courts Aides to the British royal family are understood to have asked UK media organizations not to publish pictures of Prince Harry partying naked in Las Vegas Maleorder education Iran bars women from 77 university courses including accounting, engineering, pure chemistry, English literature and translation, hotel management, and many others. The University of Tehran will not allow women to take courses in mathematics, natural resources, and forestry. Fish caught near Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant was carriyng 258 times the 'safe' level of radiation. It registered 25,800 becquerels of caesium per kilo, beating the previous radiation record for captured wildlife. Pictures of killer of 69 people, Anders Breivik's cell in Norway Canada's Unique Freshwater Test Lakes Face Closure  
Slashed funding threatens the isolated Experimental Lakes Area, site of landmark experiments on sources & effects of pollution.  With 58 lakes serving a broad range of studies, the program is unique in the world. Elderly woman ruins valuable artwork in Italy Mexico's top court ruled on Tuesday that military officials who committed crimes against civilians should be tried in civil courts, possibly clearing the way for sterner prosecutions against military misconduct in the country's drug war Russia warned the West on Tuesday against unilateral action on Syria, a day after US president Barack Obama threatened enormous consequences if his Syrian counterpart used chemical or biological arms or even moved them in a menacing way. Navy advisor stripped of her career for alerting Washington of Admirals plan to provoke Iran Criminals are not primarily wrongdoers to be punished, but broken people to be fixed. Why the Norwegian Justice aims to benefit even the offender. University of Oslo professor Thomas Mathiesen, say it's better for society overall because it isn't about revenge, but sober, dignified treatment.  Secret Police Documents Reveal WikiLeaks Founder To Be Arrested In Any Attempt To Leave. Lewis Whyld of the Press Association took the pictures of the documents on a clipboard carried by a police standing outside the building. Update. 100 years old time capsule opened in Norway. It contained letters and documents. Pakistan Taliban chief killed by NATO strike  Monitoring FileSharers Forbidden in Norway From today, filesharers in Norway can download pretty much whatever they like without facing any consequences... after the only law firm in the country permitted to monitor filesharing networks lost its license and were denied a new one Mexican police open fire at US embassy vehicle, wounding three. Why George Orwell is as relevant today as ever (ABC News)  A Pakistani Christian girl detained on accusations of defaming Islam has been refused a meeting with a lawyer Oil was supposed to catapult Ecuador out of poverty. Instead it resulted in immeasurable ecological damage, social disruption, assassinations and coups, overwhelming debt, and an economy that is radically skewed to favor the rich. Predatory capitalism, its sole goal to maximize corporate profits. Travis McCrea Our latest Wikileaks release shows that the United States is assassinating Mexicans without trial, and the ATF gunwalking scandal may have just been the latest controversy in a longer chain of corruption WATCH LIVE 100 year old package opens at 12pm est in Norway Drones to watch over UK streets Unmanned police drones, comparable to those used in war zones such as Afghanistan, could soon be secretly watching over the streets of UK cities 23 year old female threatens a 69 year old male on a flight to Saskatoon. Oh yeah...he's a Senator, and she's his wife.  Expect more farm protests in Spain. As the EU pays landed owners like the Duke of Segorbe whether or not they actually produce crops and more government austerity is on the horizon, Spanish farm workers are getting bolder and history is repeating itself. Pakistani Islamists Bomb Womens Clothing Store President of Gambia plans mass executions by next month. 19 dead, 53 hurt in Venezuela refinery blast Gunmen inside what was described as a Mexican federal police vehicle fired upon a U.S. Embassy vehicle, said the official, who declined to be named for security reasons. Mexico scrambles to cope with egg shortage  Thousands of young Chileans marched peacefully on Thursday in different cities demanding education reform and equal conditions and rights for all young Chileans, amid a heightened police presence. Black teenager 'stopped 50 times' plans to sue Met police for harassment France's diplomats to push for universal ban on death penalty across the world. Foreign minister Laurent Fabius expects resistance from US, China.  If Bashar Falls, What Will Happen to Syria's Alawites and Kurds? China is moving ahead with the development of a new and more capable generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles and submarinelaunched missiles Anders Brevik sentenced to 21 years... As she nears death, Chinese hail woman who saved 30 babies from trash  US 'should hand over footage of drone strikes or face UN inquiry'  America is facing mounting global pressure over its use of UAVs ... [the issue] will remain at the top of the UN political agenda until some consensus and transparency has been achieved. Icelands recovery continues, declared impressive Palestinians design solar car not to buy petrol from Israel We want to lower as much as possible our dependence on Israel, because we wont be able to reach a reasonable level of national security if Israel can, at any point, disconnect our electricity, and even harm the power plant in Gaza The IMF Iceland Was Right, We Were Wrong Pub owner in Copenhagen refuses to pay protection money to local gang, goes public about the repercussions that ensued and gets overwhelming support from the community (More details in comments) BBC removes Syrian opposition war crime video The Swedish media war on Assange  Australian 
pig, retard, whitehaired crackpot, scumbag  
Fria Tider Christian boy tortured and killed in Pakistan The tortured body of an 11 year old Christian boy has been found in a town in Punjab, Pakistan, days after a young Christian girl was arrested on blasphemy charges Palestinian man repeatedly tasered by Israeli police in front of his children Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Gangnam Style, dissected  Nepali snake bites man. Man bites snake to death Catholic Church sues three pro Pussy Riot protestors in Germany. They might face more jail time than Pussy Riot in Russia Egypt bans detention of journalists accused of mediarelated offenses. Islam Afifi, editor of an opposition paper charged with insulting President Mohamed Morsi, released after president issues decree Foreign companies have bought up 124 million hectares of land in Africa in the past decade, resulting in the eviction of smallholding farmers, sometimes by force, from their ancestral lands, former IMF chief warns. Even more brutal leader takes over Mexico's Zetas 18 Days with the Syrian rebels (PHOTOS) The New Statesman must correct its error over Assange and extradition (re New Statesman's article Legal myths about the Assange extradition) Why the Western Media Hates Julian Assange Exsenator in Brazil to repay $234 mn in stolen funds This is the largest amount to be repaid in a corruption case Egypt arrests man after nail bomb attack on German embassy over prophet Mohammed cartoons Assange & Ecuador may take UK to international court How Did CoalRich India End Up With Power Blackouts?  For decades, the World Bank pushed privatization of the power industry and assumed that energy services would trickle down to the poor. Apple and Samsung get South Korea bans  BBC News Australian State to try and Ban cigarettes to anyone born after 2000 Man steals phone from Ebola patient at Uganda hospital, gets Ebola In case of a nuclear accident in India, the maximum fine that can be imposed by the regulator on an offending nuclear plant is less than 10 US$ Islamic extremists who control much of the vast desert region of Mali have banned all music, except the singing of Koranic verses A new breathalyzer law  drives anger in France A law requiring drivers to have breathalyzer kits has the French seeing red over what they view as lobbying  a practice reviled in the country  by an employee of a test manufacturer.  [Xpost] A series of recent scandals have exposed the connection between some of the biggest global banks and the seamy underworld of mobsters, smugglers, drug traffickers and arms dealers LEAKED! TPP the Son of ACTA will oblige America and other countries to throw out privacy, free speech and due process for easier copyright enforcement  Boing Boing Almost 450 killed in a single day in Syria Korean Constitutional Court rules realname policy online unconstitutional Egypt rejected U.S. demand to fire on Iranian ship Suez chief Israeli Soldiers Show No Mercy to Palestinian Children ...the testimony goes, Israeli troops chase a Palestinian child. He was about two metres away  the company commander cocked his weapon in his face. The kid fell on the ground, crying and begging for his life.   Pakistan govt to keep 11yo Christian girl in jail 'for own safety' Pakistani police blocked a bail request for the minor who reportedly suffers from Downs syndrome, claiming her release would endanger her life and that of her family. The girl is accused of blasphemy for allegedly burning a Koran British Police gaffe as topsecret document reveals how WikiLeaks founder will be dealt with if he tries to leave embassy
 Overseas weapons sales by the United States totaled $66.3 billion last year, or nearly 78 percent of the global arms market. Russia was a distant second, with $4.8 billion in deals. Tunisia New Constitution Will Be Modern, Progressive Food shortages could force world into vegetarianism, 
warn scientists Vehicle Carrying Japans Ambassador to China Attacked in Beijing Pregnant Nicaraguan Girls Forced to Become Mothers Nicaragua is 'one of the few countries in the world where abortion is illegal in any circumstances, and is punishable by prison  even if the pregnancy is the result of rape or incest, or the mothers life is in danger.' France to introduce samesex marriage bill Togo women push sex strike to unseat president Magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes off the coast of El 
Salvador Rebels shot down a Syrian army helicopter Video footage showed the burning helicopter falling to the ground in a trail of smoke, as rebels on the ground could be heard shouting God is greatest (Allhu Akbar) A block of 120 NonAligned nations begin summit in Iran. Joinee by UN Chief and Palestinian President. Britain wants to restart Assange talks with Ecuador
 Ragtag Revolts in Parts of Afghanistan Repel Taliban 'Antichurch hysteria' spreads across Russia Four Orthodox Christian crosses have been chopped down in different parts of Russia... after the Femen movement attacked a cross in Kiev to protest the sentence of the punk band Pussy Riot Two Members of Pussy Riot flee Russia. An Israeli bus driver refused to take Palestinian passengers on board, was ordered to do so by police, and took his revenge by forcing them off the bus at the entrance to a settlement. The bus company The driver acted exactly as expected of him. 'Ban Islam in Sweden' Sweden Democrat Israel breaks silence over army abuses
Exsoldiers admit to appalling violence against Palestinian children
 Kim Jongun threatens allout war in wake of USSouth Korea military exercise Israeli vets confess to 'no mercy' abuse of Palestinian 'terrorist' kids  RT Britain Withdraws Threat to Raid Embassy in Assange Standoff Israel's investigation into the death of Rachel Corrie has failed to be thorough, credible and transparent, U.S. Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro told the Corrie family Neil Armstrong dead age 82. Correa recalls the UK non extradition of Pinochet. If Pinochet was not extradited for humanitarian reasons then it's clear that they can take the decision not to extradite Mr. Julian Assange, Correa said. ''Tobacco holocaust'' as tobacco companies aggressively target poor nations. Two Pussy Riot members flee Russia Two members of band who escaped arrest after February's protest in Moscow's main cathedral leave the country Libya Islamists destroy Sufi shrines, library  Lasthope prostate drug not funded. There are two tiers of men with advanced prostate cancer in Ontario Those who get access to a remarkable drug through private insurance, and those who get a death sentence. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has ordered an urgent investigation to find the cause of a huge explosion at the country's biggest oil refinery. UK refuses to extradite mostwanted pedophile on human rights grounds, but still intent on extraditing Assange. Why? Vatican Urges G20 To Convene Crisis Summit On Food Prices Holy See Attacks Grain Speculators For Profiting From The Most Poor And Needy On The Planet Several Orthodox Christian crosses have been chopped down in different parts of Russia. The incidents come after the Femen movement attacked a cross in Kiev to protest the sentence of the punk band Pussy Riot, who received two years in prison.  Syrian envoy We'll destroy Israeli nuclear facilities with 20 missiles | Jordanian media report that Syria's ambassador in Amman, Bahjat Suleiman said that his country is capable of destroying Israel's nuclear facilities should Damascus come under attack

 
Russia to help Europe fight forest fires
 Dozens of Bodies Are Found in Town Outside Damascus  Possibly over 200 bodies found A huge explosion rocked Venezuela's biggest oil refinery and unleashed a ferocious fire on Saturday, killing at least 26 people and injuring more than 80 others in one of the deadliest disasters ever to hit the country's key oil industry. German minister rejects more time for Greece  Pussy Riot verdict as we condemn Russia, we expose ourselves as hypocrites WikiLeaks releases long sought TransPacific Partnership (TPP) Environment draft New Memo Kissinger Gave the Green Light for Argentina's Dirty War. That resulted in the disappearancethat is, deathsof an estimated 30,000 people. Urn containing Sigmund Freud's ashes smashed in raid on London crematorium Why the DEA Let the World's TechSavviest Drug Cartel Do As It Pleased for 12 Years As per newly declassified documents, in 1984, Britain assisted in the desecration and destruction of the Golden Temple, Sikhism's holiest shrine. Man tries to selfimmolate (set himself on fire) after tribal council [jirga] tells him to wed his underage daughters to the sons of a policeman. PAKISTAN Japan to test 'magnetic net' that can fish out floating space junk Danish tourist robbed, beaten and gangraped in India. Iranian born former US air defense contractor caught smuggling boxes of secret documents to Iran, including 'thousands of pages contained in dozens of manuals/binders relating' to F35 fighter jet Starvation reported at Palestinian camp in Syria. Disturbing images of emaciated children and elderly people who appear to have died of hunger are emerging from a Palestinian refugee camp on the edge of Damascus. Report NSA uses radio pathways to access computers even when machines are not connected to the internet. Insane Photos Show Mexican Vigilantes Battling A Drug Cartel For Control Of A City Saudi Arabian women's rights Govt will no longer text a woman's male guardian if she leaves the country Sickened Fukushima Worker Employees beaten, threatened with death for speaking out (VIDEO) Vatican To Be Grilled By UN On Allegations It Enabled Rape Of Children Canada's carbon emissions projected to soar by 2030. Tar sands expected to help drive 38% increase in emissions. We in Canada are living an Orwellian nightmare when it comes to our government and climate. (xpost /r/everythingscience) US physically hacks 100,000 foreign computers The $8 Million Mayor 'My Wealth Comes From God'. Indonesian anticorruption investigators are not so sure. Man caught with pipe bomb at Edmonton airport allowed to fly anyway. Frontline Secret State of North Korea. Footage smuggled out by a network of journalists and defectors offers an unprecedented look inside the Hermit Kingdom. At least in China, they have free speech, said one North Korean in her Pyongyang apartment. Mexican army shooting unarmed civilians; trying to take down the Autodefensas China's young are following in Jack Kerouac's footsteps Chafing under social expectations, they fantasize about travelling to exotic places and leaving work or school far behind Palestinians starve to death in South Damascus Indonesian Maids are Hong Kong's ModernDay Slaves Chinese Doctor Who Sold Newborns to Human Traffickers Sentenced to Death Mozilla Calls On World To Protect Firefox Browser From the NSA Confired The DEA Struck A Deal With Mexico's Most Notorious Drug Cartel Palm Oil Company Fined for Burning Only Place on Earth Where Tigers, Elephants, Rhinos, & Orangutans Live Together in the Wild  Indonesian court finds 'PT Kallista Alam' firm guilty of illegally burning large swathes of Sumatran Forest. The Americans have lied to us  Germany loses hope of signing 'nospy' treaty with US in wake of NSA scandal Pakistan to name school, stadium after teenager who died stopping suicide bomber Melting glaciers in northern Italy reveal corpses of WW1 soldiers Spain Youth Unemployment Rises To Record 57.7%, Surpasses Greece Pirate Bay Founder Gets Access to His Books After Public Outcry Danish authorities are now allowing Gottfrid Svartholm to access the books he brought from Sweden. Previously, the police feared that these books could contain secret messages China is now requiring all fisherman in the Pacific waters it claims to seek China's approval before fishing. Other countries have responded angrily to China's new jurisdiction claim, declaring it illegal and invalid. China cloning on an 'industrial scale' Afghan atheist granted UK asylum  An Afghan man is believed to have become the first atheist to be granted asylum in the UK on the basis of his views on religion and could set a significant precedent in asylum and immigration cases CarFree City Hamburg Announces Audacious 20Year Plan to Eliminate Need for Automobiles MegaUpload's Kim Dotcom set to establish own political Party in New Zealand Nurse Arrested For Selling Babies Exposes China's Child Trafficking Problem Tensions between Muslims and Christians in CAR culminate in act of public cannibalism Nigerian president signs antigay bill into law  made it illegal for gay people to even hold a meeting US will not enter bilateral nospy agreement with Germany, says media Despite assurance from Barack Obama, United States has not ruled out bugging political leaders' calls, claims German paper NSA Data Have No Impact on Terrorism Report Nigeria's president has signed a law that bans samesex marriage and criminalizes homosexual associations, societies and meetings, with penalties of up to 14 years in jail India three years poliofree. Great achievement considering the fact that 20 years ago there used to be 50 000 to 100 000 cases every year. The U.S. Army tested biological weapons in Okinawa in the early 1960s, when the prefecture was still under U.S. rule, according to U.S. documents obtained by Kyodo News. French President's approval ratings go up after report he's having an affair with an actress The Dutch government is planning to make prisoners pay 16 a day for their time in jail Saudi religious cops tell women not to use swings Mexican vigilantes seize cartel bastion UN Online Privacy Now Considered a Human Right Uganda president refuses to approve antigay Bill The Economist talks about The coming storm  47% of today's jobs could be automated within 20 years No government is prepared for it. Suggests a radical rethinking of education and redistributive taxes towards lowerwage workers 84yearold Canadian died in handcuffs while in U.K. immigration lockup watchdog NSA collects millions of text messages daily in 'untargeted' global sweep Fervently AntiGay Uganda Among World's Top Gay Porn Consumers Behind Fervently AntiGay Pakistan Growing Number Of People Agree That Ed Snowden Is A Whistleblower The selfproclaimed mastermind of the September 11 attacks, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, has released a manifesto claiming that the Quran forbids the use of violence to spread Islam Neurosurgeons from Poland transplanted nerve cells taken from the nose of man that had his spinal cord injured. He can move his legs now. (Google translate) Japan's last WWII straggler dies at 91  Hiroo Onoda, the last Japanese imperial soldier to emerge from hiding and surrender 29 years after the end of World War II, has died. Ugandan president refuses to approve law jailing gay people for life Putin's Message to Gays in Sochi Leave Children in Peace  Gay people should feel comfortable at the Sochi Olympics but leave children in peace, Russias President Vladimir Putin said Friday. Spain becomes first country to rely on wind as top energy source Mexican vigilante groups refuse to be disarmed by the military Activists in Wuhan block truck carrying 2,800 cats headed for Slaughter Italian MP puts on blackface in antiimmigration tirade, saying that all white Italians should do the same so as to receive benefits, free housing and preferential treatment African migrants do Buddhist Mob Group Kills Dozens of Muslims in Myanmar. Vladimir Putin We do not have a ban on nontraditional sexual relationships. We have a ban on the propaganda of homosexuality and paedophilia. I want to underline this. Propaganda among children. These are absolutely different things  a ban on something or a ban on the propaganda of that thing. Young Greek convicted 10 months with parole for insulting religion, by facebook page with the Greek offshoot of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. A 79year old feminist, peace activist, filmmaker and member of Aosdna has been jailed for three months in Limerick Prison in relation to protests over US military use of Shannon Airport. Vomit fee proposed for Torontos taxi cabs Metals, Currency Rigging Worse Than Libor, Bafin Chief Says A blogger in Greece has been sentenced to 10 months in prison for blasphemy because he satirized a Greek Orthodox monk Jamaican Bobsled Team on verge of qualifying for Sochi Olympics, first time since 2002 Ukraine passes sweeping legislation against acts of protest Pope Francis sacks all but one of the cardinals who run the Vatican bank, less than a year after Pope Benedict XVI appointed them A paedophile ring which streamed live child abuse from the Philippines over the internet has been broken up after an operation by UK police and their counterparts in Australia and the US A huge pile of shit has been dumped outside the French National Assembly to protest against Hollande & the politcal elite. Govt request to remove political content worrying, says Google KoreanRussian team to clone a mammoth from ancient tissue Income Inequality Most Likely Threat to World Economy, WEF Says Chronic income gap between richest & poorest poses biggest global threat  'World Economic Forum' survey identifies inequality as biggest flashpoint as well as extreme weather and unemployment New analysis of rocket used in Syria chemical attack undercuts U.S. claims  it would have been impossible for the rocket to have been fired from inside areas controlled by the government of Syrian President Bashar Assad. German charity worker raped while asleep on train in southern India More Leaked Documents on the TPP Show More Problems Chinese general arrested for gilded lifestyle Top officer had dozens of homes, a golden boat, gold statue of Mao and other items confiscated in corruption probe. Wind power is now the main source of energy in Spain North Korea warns the US and South Korea that their standard military practices are provocative of war. Prostitutes in the party island of Ibiza have formed a sex workers' union to pay taxes and gain social security benefits  first of its kind legally registered in Spain. New forms of male birth birth control may change how we humans get it on FOX Bankrupted a 23YearOld Canadian Pirate for Running a 'Simpsons' Streaming Site Archaeologists uncover new pharaoh in Egypt Stunning new footage of civilian defiance emerges from North Korea 61% of Pakistanis say women should dress as they wish online survey 70,000 Gallons of Borscht to Sustain Spectators at Sochi Games  Organizers hope everyone likes beets Radical Israeli settlers torch Mosque in the West Bank. India looking into tax evasion by US Embassy following the Khobragade issue. We Hacked North Korea With Balloons and USB Drives Stanford scientists Climate change occurring 10 times faster than anytime in the past 65 million years. Schools prepare to close as Shanghai Pollution reaches an alltime high UK gov document reveals that the government has no evidence its drug policies are working and that it considered hiding the report to prevent legalisation supporters [using it] to criticise government policies. This could be the year we start to save, not slaughter, the shark  Specialist restaurants in Beijing are changing their menus or closing down as the Far East begins to share world revulsion at cutting off shark fins to make a gourmet soup Former Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, dead at 85 after 8 years in coma Vatican refuses to extradite Polish archbishop accused of child sex abuse Pakistan to award slain boy with the nation's highest civil award of bravery for foiling terrorist bombing Somalia's Al Shabaab Bans the Internet  Al Shabaab has reportedly banned the use of the Internet through mobile handsets and fiber optic cables throughout Somalia, giving telecommunications companies 15 days to comply with the order Large Carnivores Disappearing From the Earth  The decline of large predators such as lions, leopards, wolves, otters, & bears is changing landscapes from the tropics to the Arctic, finds new study from scientists in Sweden, US, Australia, & Italy. EU report reveals massive scope of secret NSA surveillance | The European Parliament has wrapped up its inquiry into mass surveillance. In a draft report, politicians are being hard on all sides  the US government, the NSA, but also on hesitant EU governments and companies. Gashimov, Chess Grandmaster from Azerbaijan, dead at 27 NASA warns of 'potentially hazardous' asteroid World's first bitcoin storage vault opens in London  A deep cold storage service for bitcoins underwritten by Lloyds of London and offering protection from hackers and accidental loss has launched in the UK. Tens of thousands of Turkish demonstrators took to the streets in capital Ankara Saturday in protest against Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's government, which has been rocked by a vast corruption probe Blackouts are best possible thing for UK energy crisis, says Labor adviser  Says it'll force politicians to confront lack of infrastructure investment.   the Central Electricity Generating Board used to say a resilient network operated on a 25% capacity surplus. We're down to 4%. More Dutch funds and companies sever ties to Israel, because of infractions of international law. It has been two weeks now since a team of Al Jazeera journalists have been detained by the state of Egypt without charge TEPCO withheld Fukushima radioactive water measurements for 6 months Outrage over NSA spying sends data clients to Canada Scientist from Astana has solved one of the most difficult mathematical tasks of the millennium Polar vortex over US brings abnormally mild weather to Scandinavia  On the back of a generally mild winter, there have been reports of bears emerging early from hibernation in Finland, and changes in the behaviour of migratory birds off the coast of Sweden. India expels senior US diplomat Gaza woman gives birth to first baby born from smuggled sperm Palestinian woman arranged for her husband's sperm to be smuggled from an Israeli prison into Gaza. Starved And Beaten 'Slave' Man Is Adopted Son Of UK's Top AntiSlavery Expert Gunmen open fire on Bangkok protesters | Seven people hurt in shooting on Thai antigovernment demonstrators ahead of attempted city shutdown Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits An ancient town in China's Southwestern Yunnan province has been burning throughout the night. The 1,300year old Dukezong Old Town in ShangriLa caught fire early Saturday morning, and firefighters were still battling the blaze at 8 am. The people behind the GSM standard We were pressured to weaken the mobile security in the 80's Man gets homeless teenager, dips her head into cooking oil before raping her, stubs cigarettes out on her body...gets 12 years in prison US Marines Shoot and Kill FourYearOld Afghan Boy President Karzai calls for 'absolute end' to US/NATO military operations on homes and villages University student refuses to work with women on a project for religious reasons. Administration grants his request. NSA and GCHQ activities appear illegal, says EU parliamentary inquiry France bans standup show before it starts, because what the artist might say could be perceived as antisemitic. Israel defies World Bank, refuses to let Palestinians use landfill Fouryearold boy 'accidentally shot dead' by US forces in Afghanistan Over 8,000 Baby PigNosed Turtles Hidden in Suitcases Apparently Bound for China & Singapore Rescued  All will be returned to their natural habitat in Papua Google Maps Mistakenly Identifies Berlin Square as Adolf Hitler Platz Russian Actor Begs Putin to Fully Criminalize LGBT People Australia Rapid loss of top predators a major environmental threat  Scientists warn that removal from ecosystem of large carnivores like the dingo could be as detrimental as climate change After Nine Attempts, Terrorists Eliminate Pakistans Bravest Cop Viewing Pirated Streams is Not Illegal, German Govt Says Scotland Yards rotten core Police failed to address Met's endemic corruption  Organised crime infiltrated police at will, according to secret report. Toplevel internal inquiry identified scores of corrupt individuals working for London's Metropolitan Police University stands by controversial decision to allow femalefree schooling for religious student A 2011 study in the Journal of Peace Research found that the perpetuation of Islamist extremism was more significantly associated with urban poverty than with variables like religiosity.... Canadian federal court rules telecom giant Bell broke the law by accessing potential customer's credit report without permission. The man was awarded $21,000 in damages. Karzai defies US on prisoner release. Afghanistan says it will release scores of alleged Taliban fighters from jail, despite US objections that the men could return to the battlefield as NATO troops withdraw. Vimeo Banned in Turkey, meanwhile the gov. is looking to introduce tighter regulations on the Internet Pope Francis lambasts the rich and reminds the world of what matters most 16year legal battle over laptop reaches UK supreme court A young lion has died after getting its head caught in cables in its cage at an Indonesian zoo notorious for hundreds of animal deaths in recent years Afghan boy killed by US forces as Nato staff die in aircraft accident Only 432 people own half of the private land in Scotland, reform planned. A broad coalition of wellknown organizations (Reddit, the Electronic Freedom Foundation, Free Press, Mozilla and others) announced today that it will stage an online protest against wideranging government surveillance of Internet users on 11 February, in memory of activist Aaron Swartz. 6.4 quake hits Puerto Rico coast Neil Young blasts Harper government for allowing oilsands development money is number one, integrity isnt even on the map EU Offers Public a Chance to Fix Copyright Law EU Commission has opened a public consultation which allows all citizens  even those in the U.S.  a rare opportunity to change the path of copyright law Raped 60 times in hospital Mental health patient reveals shocking abuse on wards dubbed ''playgrounds for predators'' Kalashnikov 'feared he was to blame' for AK47 rifle deaths The inventor of the Kalashnikov assault rifle apparently wrote to the head of the Russian Orthodox Church before he died expressing fears he was personally responsible for the people it killed. Samoan teenager arrested and family fined $4300 USD, 30 cartons of tinned fish, and 2 cows, for mocking Samoan Prime Minister UK government minister urges middle classes to forget banks and join credit unions A gay man in Cameroon who was jailed for sending a text message to another man saying I'm very much in love with you, and who was later declared a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International, has died BP loses bid over Gulf oil payouts Pope Francis says abortion is part of 'throwaway culture'. Mystery of Alexander the Great's death solved? Ruler was 'killed by toxic wine' claim scientists. A leading toxicologist has said that Alexander the Great may have died after drinking wine made from a poisonous plant that would have cause a slow and painful death. Mumbai fashion designer raped by 13 men in Dubai Vicepresident of European Commission accuses British government of whipping up scares to distract people from the UK's real problems Al Shabaab of Somalia has banned the Internet. Out in the Open An NSAProof Twitter, Built With Code From Bitcoin and BitTorrent White House Iran to start eliminating uranium stockpile January 20 Thailand braced for a shutdown of its capital on Monday by protesters who want to topple Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra and install an unelected government, as fears grew that the southeast Asian country could be heading for civil war Overfishing is truly becoming the world's problem... Philippines and Vietnam condemn new Chinese South China Sea fishing law. German security contact killed in US drone attack in PakistanAfghan border NSA #2 States That Only One Terrorist Activity Was Ever Related to Bulk Phone Data Collection Rival militiamen have embraced each other in a district of the Central African Republic capital Bangui after the French military brokered a truce Pope Francis calls abortion 'horrific' in toughest remark to date Audit slams World Bank  Investigation says loan to Honduran palm oil magnate, alleged to be linked to activist deaths, violated bank's rules A man in Ireland has been stabbed to death in what detectives believe may have been a row over a late night game of chess. Detectives said they believed a row had broken out over a chess move and spiralled out of control. Close to victory India will officially be declared poliofree on Monday Obama to announce changes to NSA surveillance on Jan. 17 UK schools fingerprinted over 800K children, third without parental consent  watchdog Permit to hunt Critically Endangered Black Rhino sells for $350,000 at Dallas auction About that Consensus on Global Warming 9136 agree, 1 disagrees. A 14yearold girl has been found shot dead in southeastern Turkey a few days after giving birth to her second child German church criticizes plan to add 'acceptance of sexual diversity' to school curriculum cautioning against any ideologization and indoctrination Devastating dossier on 'abuse' by UK forces in Iraq goes to International Criminal Court. Senior UK military and political figures could end up in the dock as 400 victims denounce 'systemic' use of torture and cruelty. Woman tries to sue her lawyers because they failed to tell her a divorce settlement would end her marriage An international campaign to boycott Israeli settlement products has rapidly turned from a distant nuisance into a harsh economic reality for Israeli farmers in the West Bank's Jordan Valley. The exportdriven income of growers in the valley's 21 settlements dropped by more than $29 million. Norway's Oil Fund Heads For $1 Trillion; Every man, woman and child in oilrich Norway became a theoretical millionaire Construction of Monsanto GMO seed plant in north Argentina halted on environmental grounds IOC Member Says OneThird of Olympic Funds Lost to Corruption Indian tribe dubbed reallife Avatar succeed in stopping British mining giant from mining sacred hills French First Lady 'in hospital'  after revelations of affair by her partner, French President Hollande US tested biological weapons in Japan, Taiwan and US mainland Cannibalism, looting reported in CAR China donates solar energy kit systems to Rwanda 41 Palestinians die of hunger brought on by siege Close Guantnamo prison, says first US commander on 12th anniversary Left behind girl, aged 11, falls victim to sexual abuse by villagers Brussels slaps down British threats to rewrite immigration rules  President of European parliament says UK has 'no chance of curbing [the EU's] basic principle of free movement' Close Guantnamo, says former commander of the prison. 'Terrorists aim to change our behaviour through fear. They have succeeded' South pacific island nation of Tonga slammed by category 5 cyclone, at least 1 dead JewishAmerican public leader raps AIPAC on lobbying for more Iran sanctions Jamaican Bobsled Team Qualifies for 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics Wife of Indian minister found dead after 'exposing husband's affair on Twitter to 2 million followers' died a 'sudden and unnatural death', tests reveal. UK Prime Minister David Cameron Wants to Strip Benefits from Immigrants Who Can't Speak English Rich Chinese continue to flee China, 64 percent of Chinese millionaires have either emigrated or plan to emigrate and United States is their favorite destination Report will detail how Jimmy Savile abused up to a THOUSAND young boys and girls on BBC premises. (xpost from r/news because I forgot that's for US news) 3 Japanese Groups Ask that Brutal Dolphin Hunts be Stopped in Japan  The roundups occur 6 months out of each yr. This year alone, fishermen allowed to drive in over 2,000 dolphins. Man tortured for Britain finds asylum  in the US. Britain has been attacked by human rights campaigners over its shameful failure to aid a British embassy guard who had to flee his home country with his family after he was brutally tortured. Benefits 'to be stripped from immigrants who cannot speak English' David Cameron intends to make the cuts in order to slash the countrys welfare bill Water leak found inside Fukushima reactor building Egypt's new constitution gets 98% 'yes' vote As Obama Speaks, Why Is the UK So Quiet on Surveillance? US airstrike kills woman, seven children in Afghanistan Riot police fired plastic bullets, tear gas and water cannons at hundreds of people in Istanbul protesting a government plan to expand controls over the public's use of the Internet A whole town is burning down in Norway. Google translate correction The fire is NOT under control. Ukrainian protesters clashed with police in central Kiev after at least 10,000 people took to Independence Square for an antigovernment demonstration. Police retaliation was prompted by an attempt to storm the government quarter. China building second aircraft carrier reports Canadian government accused of destroying environmental archives A Suspiciously High Percentage of Egyptians Voted 'Yes' on a New Constitution  The Wire African Pop Star turns white (and causes controversy) with new line of skin whitening cream. Mystery Mars rock reveals unexpected chemical composition North Korea's Huge Rare Earth Deposits Japanese lieutenant hid in the Philippines for 29 years after war, dies [he] survived on bananas and coconuts and sometimes killed villagers he assumed were enemies Chinas Commerce Ministry has condemned a $1.1 trillion spending bill passed by the United States Congress last week over clauses that limit technological purchases from China Gunmen attack Muslims fleeing CAR, kill 22, 3 kids Cool runnings 2 Jamaican bobsled team qualifies for Sochi Olympics! At 10am GMT on Monday morning an alarm clock will rouse a snoozing spacecraft that is hurtling through the darkest reaches of the solar system. Launched 10 years ago, and in hibernation for the last three, the time for action has come at last. Pope Defrocked Nearly 400 Priests in 2 Years for Molesting Kids Australia is currently on fire In the Grampians a fire complex has been so intense it created a 12kmwide convection column, generating its own weather and lightning strikes. As of today lightning strikes have started 25 fires in Aus which are forecast to form an inferno of half a million hectares. A senior Italian member of the International Olympic Committee has slammed the US for mixing politics with the Olympics in its absurd decision to include openly gay athletes in its official delegation to the Winter Games in Russias Sochi. Mali arrests Islamist judge who ordered amputations and stonings Ministers wife found dead in luxury hotel room in India after exposing husbands alleged affair on Twitter A colossal pod of 250 plus Bottlenose dolphins including babies, juveniles and one baby albino dolphin is being held captive overnight in the cove right now. 4,000yearold erotica depicts a strikingly racy ancient sexuality Montreal, Canada  Woman claims she was told to leave hospital and province for requesting English service Canada, France & UK issue travel advisory for women visiting India Egypt hires American PR firm to improve its image, then arrests its film crew within hours of setting foot in Cairo. Wife who used Twitter to accuse Indian MP husband of affair is found dead EU to start lifting Iran sanctions on Monday Egyptians 'will kill Americans in the streets', prominent editor threatens Major Political Donors Have Access to TPP Documents. Everyone Else? Not So Much Civilian militias in Michoacan, Mexico expelled drugtraffickers and have taken control of the region. The government is demanding they disarm. Intel confirms it will axe 5,400 workers in 2014 Columbia University prof. estimates $20tln hidden in tax havens 250 dolphins rounded up in Japan's Taiji cove Two explosions hit capital of Russia's southern republic of Dagestan 250 dolphins rounded up, await slaughter at Japan's Taiji Cove Taliban attack on restaurant in Afghan capital kills at least 13 Turkey purges bank watchdog, telecoms body, state TV in graft probe backlash Germany candy maker Haribo pulls 'racist' liquorice after complaints Body of 3 year old Mikaeel Kular has been found at 1am GMT in Fife, Scotland, mother has been detained Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa boss Michel Platini have been suspended for eight years from all footballrelated activities following an ethics investigation. A group of Kenyan Muslims travelling on a bus ambushed by Islamist gunmen protected Christian passengers by refusing to be split into groups, according to eyewitnesses. The bus was travelling from the capital Nairobi to the town of Mandera. African lions will be added to the endangered species list, activists say Nigerian Army killed thousands of Shia Muslims & burried them in mass graves Stoner sloth antidrug campaign gets reality check as medical experts walk away Minority killings by IS 'should be recognised as genocide Chinese censors ban North Korean music group over anti American lyrics Venezuela frees Pepsi workers it arrested for not making enough Pepsi Australian woman, known for her generosity, leaves an amazing legacy by donating her $4.3m fortune to the homeless in her will. Russia says black box from warplane downed by Turkey unreadable Juniper Warns Of Spying Code In Firewalls Juniper, a major manufacturer of networking equipment, said on Thursday [17 December 2015] it found spying code planted in certain models of its firewalls, an alarming discovery that echoes of statesponsored tampering. China names and shames five badly behaving tourists Greece to recognize Palestinian state New 'super condom' will fight HIV and increase sexual pleasure, scientists claim Landslide of construction debris and earth destroys 33 buildings in China, 59 people missing Spain's ruling conservatives win election, fall short of majority Check travellers IDs or be fined, Sweden warns  Infrastructure Minister Anna Johansson has warned public transport companies that failing to check traveller identities before they enter Sweden could result in fines of up to 50,000 kronor. Joint Operations calls citizens to evacuate Ramadi within 72 hours  Iraqi News Study reveals that the majority of Syrian rebels are sympathetic to ISIS Pakistani Taliban calls Isis 'unIslamic'  snubs Abu Bakr alBaghdadi is merely a local gang leader and not 'caliph' Nature Index Since 2012, China's total contribution in highquality science has risen to become the second largest in the world, surpassed only by the United States. Turkish offensive kills over 100 Kurdish fighters An American woman was shot dead in her Kabul apartment building on Sunday night Suspected Russian warplanes kill scores in Syrian city Slovenia rejects samesex marriage law by large margin A sevenyearold Indian girl was murdered in a tribal sacrifice and her liver offered to the gods to improve crop growth 1500 have died of floods in the Phillipines in more than a week Website Blocking Law Implemented By New Spanish Govt Previously legal sites may be blocked by ISPs or shut down completely, all within 10 days of a rightsholder complaint 'Ambulance' Drivers Saving Dying Koalas Fed Up With Being Abused by & Having Trucks Trashed   There's no respect any more. A rescuer was threatened while trying to save a koala hit by a car.  He kept saying 'just leave the f***er to die', says rescue service founder.











 How the Brazilian government and environmentalists have drastically reduced the destruction of the Amazon  One of China's best known dissidents, missing for 20 months, is now said to be in a Xinjiang prison  Gao Zhisheng, an attorney who's defended activists & religious minorities, is an outspoken critic of the Chinese government It Keeps Getting Worse  Untested Fuel Additive Used in the Breast Implants That's Triggered a Worldwide Scare  300,000 400,000 women in 65 countries from Europe to Latin America have implants made by a French firm with the substandard gel. The Coming Collapse of China The Syrians have lost their fear. Is it time for a nofly zone? Indias drug trials fuel consent controversy, local subsidiaries of Novartis, Pfizer, Merck, Glaxo SmithKline and Boehringer Ingelheim had been running clinical trials on patients without any consent. China's tomb raiders laying waste to thousands of years of history  Bulldozers and dynamite used to strip priceless artefacts from remote sites, with booty sold on to wealthy collectors
 The SunniShia War  The old history wont go away. The danger is that Arab rulers start thinking that citizens cannot be loyal to the state unless they have exactly the same religious beliefs as their rulers.
 Like father, like son North Korea's Kim Jong Un looking at things Afghan President Hamid Karzai called for an investigation into the torture of a 15yearold girl, who police say they rescued after she was locked in the basement of her inlaws' house, starved and her nails pulled out. Bahrain teenage protester's funeral sparks new unrest North Korea urges troops to be 'human bombs,' as Kim Jongun visits tanks
 End of the prodemocracy pretense for Arab spring support Two men were killed and 561 other people were wounded as Italians celebrated the New Year with massive displays of illegal and homemade fireworks 
Iran's dangerous trade game  
The antisanctions strategy relied on trade with Gulf states, but the UAE didn't play ball. Now Iran is meting out punishment The Race for Antarctica Weekly Attacks NeoNazis Target Left Party Officials Police have found evidence that private investigators working for newspapers hacked into the email account of former Prime Minister Gordon Brown while he was finance minister 20 tonnes of dead fish wash up on Norwegian beach Mexico deports nearly 50,000 Central Americans Iran currency plunges in value after sanctions Shell oil company refuses to clean up its African oil spill. Doctors Without Borders loses contact with 130 staff members in South Sudan; clinic destroyed World's 1st Hybrid Sharks Discovered Near Australia   Scientists have found not 1, not 2, but 57.  While the idea may bother some, marine biologists say these offspring of 2 genetically distinct species represent an extraordinary & totally unprecedented discovery in the world of sharks. Indian activists have reacted angrily after 12 doctors were fined less than $100 each for conducting secret drug trials on children and patients with learning disabilities. Everyone Is Starting To Worry That Hungary Is Sliding Into Dictatorship Iran threatens to take action if U.S. carrier returns to Persian Gulf. Belarus Has Outlawed Browsing Foreign Websites  Forbes How To Be A Dictator  


The brilliance of the Soviet regime was not just that you relied on few people, but that there were lots of replacements. This put your core circle on notice that they were easily replaced. That made them horribly loyal Taliban says it will open apolitical office in Qatar to negotiate with the U.S. for the first time. China Set to Punish Another Human Rights Activist  First the police crippled Ni Yulans legs. Then the authorities took away her license to practice law.  Know the court is expected to sentence the couple on charges that include picking quarrels and disturbing public order. Israeli companies can profit from West Bank resources, court rules Iran will not repeat its warning  US told to keep aircraft carrier out of Persian Gulf German joblessness falls to lowest since reunification, but in Spain unemployment climbs to record high For the first time in its history, Israel allows 6 Arab farmers to sell eggs China's City Dwellers to Breathe Unhealthy Air 'for Another 2030 Years'  despite recent moves to tighten controls on air pollution dangerous smogs Hong Kong Government Offices Hit by Deadly Bug  
Massive disinfection work was carried out at Hong Kong's new government headquarters, after the bacteria was found & one minister was hospitalized China Warns of Culture War by West Australia urges Fiji to restore democracy NATO to pull $30B worth of gear from Afghanistan  It took 18 years but Stephen Lawrence's family finally has justice Operation Blitzkrieg  Anonymous has a new target in its sights Germany's farright scene. The group has launched a new WikiLeaksstyle website publishing confidential data obtained from the farright NPD party and other extremist groups.  Murder probe after body found on Queen Elizabeth's estate
| Reuters About 12,000 people were slain last year in Mexicos surging drug violence...and more than 50,000 people have been killed during President  Calderons USbacked military confrontation with organized crime and drug trafficking, which began in 2006 Brazil Fines Chevron a 3rd Time  for not properly managing an offshore oil field that leaked 2,400 barrels of oil last month. Chevron says it's confident that it has always acted in a diligent & appropriate way. 

 China Chinese Muslims clash with police over mosque demolition China has reportedly cut twothirds of TV entertainment shows as part of a government campaign to reign in excessive entertainment. 'In November 2005, a US marine squad killed 24 Iraqis, many of them women and children, in the village of Haditha. This week, the squadron leader in charge, will face voluntary manslaughter charges...' India's sub$50 Android tablet claims 1.4 million orders in two weeks German president urged to resign over threats to newspaper editor Ecuador appeals court rules against Chevron in oil case  An Ecuadorean appeals court has upheld a ruling that Chevron should pay damages totalling $18.2bn (11.5bn) over Amazon oil pollution.  Swiss bankers charged in $1.2 billion tax fraud  CocaCola implicated in the propping of African dictator. The ethics of doing business with a known tyrant. Romanian State Companies to Donate 85% of Profit  In a controversial move, the Romanian government has ordered state companies to transfer most of their 2012 profits to the state budget. Czech author Josef Skvorecky, who took a stand against communist authorities in his native country by publishing banned works, has died aged 87.  Iranian Paliament prepares bill to bar foreign warships from Persian Gulf Japanese whalers & Protestors in Water Cannon Clash Bangladesh's Wall of Death Life at the IndiaBangladesh border is hostile and strange, and often deadly. Chinese Airlines Refuse to Pay EU Carbon Tax  

Airlines ponder legal challenge to carbon emissions scheme, while Chinese government may resort to 'retaliatory measures' Armed clashes erupt in central Tripoli Exrebels who remain organised in militia brigades are visible in many parts of the Libyan capital, and some have taken control of former government buildings, using them as headquarters Why Spains New Government is Drinking Austerity KoolAid & How This Threatens the Global Economy  
European elites push economic myths that benefit the rich & screw the rest. Spain's program means even higher public deficits, fewer jobs, & slowed growth Ecuador Upholds $18 billion Ruling Against Chevron for Polluting Amazon Rainforest Over 20 Years Ago In November 2005, a Marine squad killed 24 Iraqis, some of them women and children, in the village of Haditha. Staff Sgt. Frank Wuterich led the squad of Marines, and on Wednesday he'll face voluntary manslaughter charges at Camp Pendleton. Iran, U.S. play cat and mouse with the worlds oil Breivik's insanity disputed by 4 new experts Egypt Elections Illiterate voters just one hurdle in path toward democracy  
In one Nile Delta town participating in Egypt elections, a judge said he had to help fill in ballots for as many as 90% of voters, who couldn't read & write BBC News  China tycoon 'ate poisoned catmeat stew' Syrian activists say government armor still in cities  Opposition activists said on Wednesday armored vehicles were still in the streets of Syrian cities ready to act against protesters, contradicting statements by Arab League peace monitors that troops had withdrawn. Protest Against Corruption Erupts in Eastern China FileSharing Recognized as Official Religion in Sweden Greece The history behind the collapse  Professor of geopolitics at Sorbonne seeks to explain peculiarities of Greece's political administration, dysfunctional economy. And the lessons Europe must learn from his country's near failure US Threatened To Blacklist Spain For Not Implementing Site Blocking Law Armed commandos will protect India's tigers Chevron accused of racism as it fights Ecuador pollution ruling  Oil giant vows to continue fight after appeals court rules it must pay $18bn for dumping toxic waste in Amazon basin
 EU Agrees to Embargo on Iranian Oil  European governments have agreed in principle to ban imports of Iranian oil, EU diplomats said Wednesday, dealing a potentially heavy blow to Tehran that crowns new Western economic sanctions imposing real pain just months before an Iranian election. Mount Etna erupts sends out a 5000metrehigh column of volcanic ash Justice Delayed 30 years in Guatemala  Over 440 men, women and children were massacred to make way for the Chixoy Dam  a World Bank project B.C. man slain in Mexico 'stood up' to thieves Israeli police have issued restraining orders to a dozen settlers barring them from entering the occupied West Bank Can Turkey prevent a US war with Iran? Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu is headed to Iran amid escalating tensions with US. The 27 members of the European Union may be on the brink of announcing an embargo on Iranian oil. Caught on camera, the horrifying moment bus plunges down ravine on 'world's most dangerous road'


 'Secret' Environment Canada presentation warns of oilsands' impact on habitat Inside The 'Ndrangheta  


Profile of Calabrian mafia. Main business Cocaine wholesaling. Our customers in Germany are mostly pimps and a large biker gang. We deliver in units of 50 to 70 kilograms. Biggest headache How to invest all the profits Reversal of Fortune  A crusading lawyer helped Ecuadorans secure a huge environmental judgment against Chevron. But did he go too far?  This trial is historic. This is the first time a small developing country has had power over a multinational American company.
 Japan Plans Futuristic Farm in Disaster Zone  Unmanned tractors will work fields where pesticides will have been replaced by LEDs keeping rice, wheat, soybeans, fruit & vegetables safe until robots can put them in boxes Canada resists tough on crime policies from south 
of the border Canada Faces Calls to Stop its Commercial Seal Hunt  It's time for the govt to face the reality that commercial sealing is neither viable nor necessary.  Seal pup deaths have dramatically increased due to warming.  Russia banned the import of harp seal pelts. EU allows only Inuit seal products. Hosni Mubarak ordered shoottokill at Tahrir Square, say prosecutors  Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was responsible for killing some 800 Tahrir Square protesters, said prosecutors in the second day of Murbark's trial in Cairo. North Korea bulks up its military Seoul may be hoping for the best, but is preparing for the worst.
 2012 to be a decisive year in Mexicos deadly drug war as the country elects a new president & figures out how to combat the cartels  Heavy majorities support military deployment & other anticrime operations. About 1/3 want to negotiate with the cartels or legalize drugs Mexico Clash between rival gangs has left 31 inmates dead 31 inmates killed in northern Mexico prison fight Hindu group 'flew Pakistan flag to create tension' Six members of a rightwing Hindu group have been arrested in India's southern Karnataka state for raising Pakistan's national flag on a government building. Belarus (ex republic of USSR) has outlawed browsing foreign Web sites EU moves to ban Iran crude oil Iran Is Now Gearing Up For Its 'Greatest Wargames Ever' In The Strait Of Hormuz  Damascus bomber kills 25, 46 wounded Copyright is against my religion Kopimism officially recognized by Sweden  'Europe's biggest' free wifi zone set for London Iran Mounts New Web Crackdown  New rules will impose layers of surveillance in the country's popular Internet cafes, as Tehran's political establishment comes under increasing strains from economic turmoil and threats of more international sanctions. Zimbabwe's female rapists, accused of semen harvesting, strike again. Gangs of female rapists are on the prowl again, sexually assaulting and collecting sperm from male hitchhikers. Pirate Party boarding German politics as people are tired of the mainstream Syrian defector says government has lost control of 'human monsters' Turkey arrests its former chiefofstaff and 13 journalists for plotting to overthrow the government Haiti Cholera Death Toll Nears 7,000, Up From 544 Nov. 8   It's one of the largest cholera outbreaks in modern history to affect a single country. Ethiopia troops 'to quit Somalia'  Report Syria troops fire on Arab League monitors    3,000 dead in South Sudan Pibor County ethnic massacre Israel Police struggling to suppress Jewish extremists in West Bank, says senior officer Iran Calls Threat of Sanctions From European Union Economic War Beijing's 'Culture War' Isn't About the U.S.It's About China's Future (XPost from r/china) Doctors and residents blame US weapons for catastrophic levels of birth defects in Fallujah's newborns. Third ratings agency downgrades Hungary to junk News International Phone hacking Rebekah Brooks's former PA arrested Iranians brace for war with Western nations; buying up critical supplies from stores.  The Madness of North Korea  Can an entire people go mad? Sometimes it certainly seems so. Turkey arrests former army chief over 'plot to bring down government' Rumor of N. Korean nuclear explosion prompts brief stock panic in South US court allows Ecuador to collect on a $18.2B judgement against Chevron for toxic waste dumping After Qaddafi Comes in the Lead, Amnesty International Pulls Online Poll On Human Rights Heroes 99% of Costa Rica's electricity came from renewable energy in 2015 India to make available all textbooks online, for free Australia to provide $100,000 hepatitis C 'miracle' drug for $37.70 for general patients and $6.10 for concessional patients. Secret Code Found in Junipers Firewalls Shows Risk of Government Backdoors Over 110 ISIS militants killed in Iraq in Two Days Toxic mud reaches Atlantic in Brazil's worst environmental disaster Most smuggled ISIS oil goes to Turkey, sold at low prices  Norwegian report Turkey kills 70 Kurdish militants, vowing to prevent 'chaos' Beijing choked under a thick layer of toxic smog Saturday, after the Chinese capital issued its secondever red alert and put its emergency response plan into action. China accuses U.S. of serious military provocation Lebanese Hezbollah leader killed in Israeli raid in Syria Arrested Pune girl reveals Islamic State planning to attack India by 2020. The 16yearold girl, who was arrested by the AntiTerror Squad before she could join the Islamic State in Syria, has revealed that the terror group is planning to launch a massive assault on the Indian subcontinent by 2020. Russia ready to increase military role in Syria, Putin says US Airstrike Mistakenly Kills Iraqi Security Forces State Dept. issues 'urgent' message to Americans about possible terror attack in Pakistan capital Iran will export most of its enriched uranium to Russia in the coming days as it rushes to implement a nuclear deal and secure relief from international sanctions, Tehran's nuclear chief was quoted as saying on Saturday Canadians expect transparency on TPP Damascus Residents Build Gardens To Feed Themselves AlJazeera blocks article slamming Saudi Arabian human rights record Lord Janner dead Former Labour peer found unfit to stand trial for child sex abuse dies aged 87 Red alert sounds in northern Israel Turkey's Erdogan meets Hamas leader Meshaal in Istanbul sources Melbourne 'bomb scare prank' sparks outrage across Australia Burundi rejects African peacekeeping force Afghan official warns Helmand province may fall to Taliban; 90 members of the security forces killed over the past two days