 'Muslim Patrol' jailed for harassing couple holding hands and men drinking in a bid to enforce Sharia law in East London North Korea frees U.S. Korean War veteran after seven weeks UK citizen sues Microsoft over Prism private data leak to NSA A march yesterday at the University of London ended in kettling, arrests and blood on the pavement after a week of alleged police brutality finally has video footage to accompany what has been going on. Chevron in Romania, part 3. Clashes between locals, activists and riot police. Protesters break into fracking site, Chevron suspends operations, again Snowden to make video appearance at EU parliament The National Security Agency has publicly admitted to tracking the locations of literally billions of international cell phones under a 1981 executive order (under the Reagan presidency). To allay the fears of US citizens, it said the program only targets international phones. Police In Thailand Lay Down Vests and Barricades In Solidarity With Protestors Supermarkets selling chicken that is nearly a fifth water | Consumers paying 65p a kilo for water, as legality of process of 'tumbling' imported chicken called into question. Romania  Fighting Chevron's Fracking SUVs on Horseback Couples celebrate Australia's first samesex weddings Six hospitalized in Mex nuke exposure. Police block Mexico City hospital. Dick Cheney Didn't Regret His Vote Against Freeing Nelson Mandela, Maintained He Was A 'Terrorist' India Could Be Kicked out of Olympics All Syrian Chemical Weapons Munitions Destroyed Nothing is beyond our reach Evil octopus strangling the world becomes latest US intelligence seal The devastating 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan shocked researchers who did not expect that the seismic fault involved could release so much energy. Now the world's deepestdrilling oceanographic ship has been able to pin down the odd geology that made this disaster so horrific. Hong Kong sees second case of H7N9 bird flu in a week NSA defends global cellphone tracking as legal Rich Kazakhs Revive Polygamy as Women Seek Poverty Escape Militants who carried out a brazen daylight assault on the Yemeni defence ministry that killed 56 people were mostly Saudis, investigators said on Saturday. France says all 1,200 pledged troops now in Central African Republic [STUDY] One percent of the population is responsible for 63 percent of violent crime convictions Japanese Parliament passes contentious secret law that stiffens penalties for government leaks. China, South Korea fear secrets law could lead to Japanese military state  U.S. State Dept. welcomed passage of the bill Nelson Mandela has passed away. Japan passes a democracymuzzling Patriot Act. The Obamasupported State Secret Bill criminalizes investigative journalism and conflates terrorism with imposing ones opinions. Austrian Mayor Says That Journalists Who Report on AsylumSeekers Should Be Hanged Like Jews US will no longer report Guantanamo Hunger strikes AlQaida massacres 52 at Yemen hospital New law allows samesex couples in Australia to be married Iceland to write 24,000 off every household mortgage Atheist advertising rejected in Vancouver Upset over inaction by police, a 16yearold gangrape survivor allegedly consumed poison outside the office of the Superintendent of Police Microsoft brands governments a 'persistent threat' alongside malware and cyber attacks TEPCO cleanup boss says Fukushima's radioactive water will be dumped into Pacific Ocean Chinese moon rover enters lunar orbit How the NSA Targets Italy India 14yearold braveheart girl offers herself to kidnapper to save 10 kids in Assam Snowden to speak to European Parliament, delegate claims US whistleblower Edward Snowden is to give video evidence to the European Parliament, a German assembly member claims. A parliamentary committee session will examine masssurveillance by intelligence agencies. Data haul by Android Flashlight app 'deceives' millions Someone's Been Siphoning Data Through a Huge Security Hole in the Internet | Threat Level First ever pictures from inside Australian refugee detention centre Iran Arrests 16 in New Crackdown on Internet Freedom East Timor seeks to scrap oil treaty with Australia in The Hague over spying allegations Beating bribery An increasingly popular weapon in the fight against corruption fake money ..It can be a pointed way of shaming someone who asks for a bribe. That is the thinking behind zerorupee notes, an Indian anticorruption gimmick now attracting worldwide interest. Russia's High Court Declares 'Gay Propaganda' Ban Constitutional Religious Intolerance on the rise Indonesian Gov't Fails to Act as Two More Churches Sealed UK to aid France in Central African Republic intervention by providing a C17 aircraft Nelson Mandela Was On The U.S. Terrorist Watch List Until 2008 104 Chinese cities are now reporting air pollution levels above 300 mcg per cubic meter, twelve times the recommended limit. Over 70 percent of China's rivers and lakes are now too toxic for animals to drink from. This past week, visibility in some parts of China was reduced to less than 5 meters. Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, Yahoo, LinkedIn, Twitter and AO have united to demand sweeping changes to US surveillance laws and an international ban on bulk collection of data Edward Snowden voted Guardian person of the year 2013 Thousands protest in Japan against new state secrets bill Somali woman who reported rape sentenced Nineteenyearold will be confined to home for six months and journalists who reported the story are to go to jail. NSA and GCHQ collect gamers' chats and deploy reallife agents into World of Warcraft and Second Life London's biggest university bans student protests  students could be fined or imprisoned China bans shark fin dinners, suites for officials in latest crackdown Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), a party formed barely a year ago mainly by nonpoliticians, wins 28 out of 70 seats in India's capital New Delhi with agenda to drive out deepingrained corruption inside the world's largest democracy. Most UK People in Poverty Have a Job Second release of secret TransPacific Partnership Agreement documents British agents in Russia instructed to find Snowden  Canadian NGO Anticorruption crusader stuns Indian politics with election surge WikiLeaks releases new documents exposing secret TransPacific Partnership talks | The revelations are mostly the same, but the new documents suggest that the public outcry against these proposals has had little effect on the negotiations. Protesters in Kiev Topple Lenin Statue as Rallies Grow. Today's estimates at 500,000 people. Russia's President Vladimir Putin has abolished the country's stateowned news agency RIA Novosti Ukrainian homosexual XFactor contenstant tortured by Russian Neonazis who shaved his head and forced him to admit to being a pedophile using a dildo as a microphone while pouring urine on him. Canada Busted Covering Up Spikes In Fukushima Radiation Washington's Blog The Silent Crisis Vietnams Elephants on the Verge of Extinction Ukrainian protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev The rise of BlackRock  The worlds single largest investor with over $4.1 Trillion in directly controlled assets Seymour Hersh Alleges Obama Administration Lied on Syria Gas Attack Revealed spy agencies' covert push to infiltrate virtual world of online games Iraqi Kurdistan fights female circumcision Female circumcision is slowly declining in Iraqi Kurdistan. Years of campaigning and a law against the practise have borne fruit. Some villages went from 100 percent of all young girls being circumcised to none. Islamophobes Publish Fake Image About Muslims Throwing Christian Girl From Window An open letter from Carl Bernstein to Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger You are being called to testify at a moment when governments in Washington and London seem intent on erecting the most serious (and selfserving) barriers against legitimate news reporting Japan cracks down on leaks and press freedom after scandal of Fukushima nuclear power plant New Japanese whaling trip aims to hunt 1000 whales amid foreign criticism India to push for freeing Internet from U.S. control 'Let's be honest, we eavesdrop too' former French foreign minister on NSA spying claims. Two thousand toxic mice pumped up with Tylenol dropped on Guam by parachute to kill snakes NSA asking for specific exchanges from Swedish Defence Radio Establishment FRA  Secret treaty since 1954 One million people chanting in unison today's EuroMaidan protest in Kiev UK MPs set to receive 11% pay rise Syrian Christians have Officially Declared War on Syrian Rebels   I urge every Christian man capable of carrying weapons to defend Syria The Obama administration knew that a Syrian rebel faction had the ability to make chemical weapons but omitted that knowledge when building their case for a strike on Syria An estimated 30,000 elephants have been killed every year since the start of the decade, and experts believe the number has soared this year. Estimates suggest that 100 elephants per day are being killed for their ivory. Yale University study sounds alarm on rare earth metal shortages, finding that of the 62 elements used in smartphones and similar devices, none had an equalperformance substitute, and twelve had no conceivable replacement South Korea expands air defense zone to partially overlap China's Chevron has suspended exploration for shale gas in northeastern Romania after hundreds of antifracking protesters tore down fences Turkish PM Erdogan accuses Taraf reporter of treason over revealing a document from a 2004 National Security Council meeting in which his government colluded to target social movements  charged with revealing forbidden information. Singapore news. Fire, rioting taking place in Little India reports Israeli soldiers accused of killing Palestinian boy in West Bank Lee Rigby case Muslim fanatic said he killed soldier in 'most humane way he could' Bitcoin Slumps After Chinese Government bans real world use. Australian intelligence agency cancels passports of 20 Muslim men over suspicion they may join Syria conflict Pakistan's Federal Sharia Court has ordered to remove the life imprisonment from the section 295C of the Blasphemy laws and death sentence be the only punishment in 295C. Across Europe, a Growing Sense That Legalized Prostitution Isn't Working. The issue driving recent bans is human trafficking. Highest radiation levels measured outside Fukushima Ukraine's capital hit by mass antigovt protest    Sweden ends compulsory military service    Mexican gang gunfight near US border leaves 21 dead Is Canadian Copyright Minister An Agent of Foreign Influence? On March 21, 2010, the Syrian security forces opened fire with live ammunition on a crowd of 5,000 in the northern Syrian town of alRaqqah. The crowd had gathered to celebrate the Kurdish festival of Nowruz. Three people, including a 15yearold girl, were killed. Did you know about this? Canadian copyright astroturf site revealed as front for recording industry lobby How Long Does it take for the Average Chinese Worker to Buy a Home? How an MI5 'weapons dealer' tricked a Real IRA leader This is the story of how some of the richest people in the world  Goldman, Deutsche Bank, the traders at Merrill Lynch, and more  have caused the starvation of some of the poorest people in the world The former head of interpol, South Africa's former police commisioner, has been found guilty of corruption. 42 killed at Sufi shrine in Pakistan by two suicide bombers Male 'Virginity Test' Helps Free Three Men Accused Of Rape 
 The British, never fond of children, have lost all knowledge or intuition about how to raise them; as a consequence, they now fear them, perhaps the most terrible augury possible for a society. Deadly blasts hit Lahore shrine At least 41 people have been killed and hundreds injured after suicide attacks in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore China Six people are killed and ten others injured 
after a space shuttle simulator ride plunged to the 
ground at an amusement park in Shenzhen A new espionage case is putting pressure on ties between Germany and China. German prosecutors are investigating senior Chinese officials who they believe spied on Falun Gong supporters in Germany. Germany's left has its own tales of abuse. One of the goals of the German 1968 movement was the sexual liberation of children. For some, this meant overcoming all sexual inhibitions, creating a climate in which even pedophilia was considered progressive. FIFA may ban Nigeria from world football because President Goodluck Jonathan has suspended the team for two years. TIL the president of Nigeria is named Goodluck Jonathan. Many moons ago Rhodesia was having problems with terrorists based in zambia, this is a live recording of how they took out the terrorists without messing with zambians i.e. how we should have handled Afghanistan.  Pakistan Mosque Suicide Bombers caught on CCTV First detonates as he is being chased by security, second enters moments later(SFW) Two suicide bombers have carried out a deadly 
attack on a Sufi shrine in the eastern Pakistani city 
of Lahore, killing 42 people. The Glittering Prizes War Crime Continues to Pay  [Tony Blair's peace prize] is of course most appropriate; for there are currently in excess of one million human beings enjoying eternal peace thanks to the war of aggression that Blair was instrumental in unleashing against Iraq. New tax doubles price of tobacco in Egypt UN report calls for world to ditch dollar, migrate to new global currency Hamas, a threat to its own people Russia set for drinkdriving ban A South African journalist who wrote an expose on the new chief of police has been arrested and is being held by the police even though a prosecutor has refused to press charges. Detention without trial! Police filmed dragging women and babies during protest The trash is two feet deep, so compacted you can walk on it, and is blocking the world's biggest power plant of any kind 
Children found starving in rural Australia Mexico Cartels Move Beyond Drugs, Seek Domination/ Control of The Government Archives Show That Churchill Ordered a UFO CoverUp A British woman was arrested and charged with indecency after walking through a Dubai shopping mall wearing a bikini Russia bans exports of grain British Gas customer wins 2,000 payment for 'wasted time' When running a plane accident drill at an airport  don't forget to tell the airport it is just a test. SKorea begins naval drills despite NKorean warning
 New Gaza aid flotilla that will carry lawmakers, musicians, artists and sports stars from around world Indonesian military slaughter Papuan activist. Footage circulates web An Iranian website calling the Holocaust the great lie and depicting an alternative version of events in Jewish history in cartoon form has been launched Chinese missile could shift Pacific power balance Two drunk teenagers rescued from mountain, consonants An indepth look at the Genevabased bank director who blew the whistle on UBS tax evasion.  Cubas Ral Castro unveils plan for massive job cuts. President Ral Castro Sunday outlined plans that could eliminate the jobs of over one million Cuban state workers, while promoting the growth of private enterprise in the countrys service sector. Vladimir Putin bans grain exports as drought and wildfires ravage crops. More than a third of cultivable land in Russia destroyed UFO sightings were taken so seriously in the 1950s that incidents were discussed at the highest level by Britain's senior intelligence chiefs Oilfouled Gulf still has a long recovery ahead. Even after stuffing the blownout Gulf of Mexico well with enough mud to pack down the oil, federal officials weren't ready to declare victory over the stubborn spill yet.  CHINA Sichuan, thousands hold police station under seige for hours Naomi Campbell, the model, admitted that she was given dirty rocks by the former Liberian ruler Charles Taylor as she gives evidence at his war crimes trial Three senior officials in the region  from the UN, the Israeli government and Hamas  asked what they considered to be the top five humanitarian needs of the 1.5 million Palestinians living in the Strip. Israel's response There is no humanitarian crisis in Gaza and there never has been Iranian exdiplomat in Norway alleged attack on Ahmadinejad was a PR stunt 28,000 deaths caused by the war on drugs in Mexico. Finally, president Felipe Calderon agrees to discuss about drug legalization. Israeli troops south of border when Lebanon fired, U.N. says A photographer captures the tragic death of a firefighter in a oil spill in China over 47 photos. TV cameras capture the distressing moment a 5yrold Palestinian boy sees his father arrested for stealing water One fine June day, the author is launching his bestselling memoir, Hitch22. The next, hes throwing up backstage at The Daily Show,  in a brief bout of denial, before entering the unfamiliar countrywith its egalitarian spirit, martial metaphors, and hard bargains of people who have cancer. Peru suffers deadly outbreak of bubonic and pneumonic plague  Oldest university on earth is reborn after 800 years  New Evidence About Prisoners Held in Secret CIA Prisons in Poland and Romania Iran denies grenade attack on Ahmadinejad Pakisan flooding in photos. (photo essay) Sudan sentences 19 young Muslim men to 30 lashes and a fine for breaking moral codes by wearing women's clothes and makeup Israeli rabbis are set to ban the burka for a small group of radical Jewish women who have taken to wearing it. Lebanon We fired first at IDF unit near Israel border Six of South Africa's 13 traditional monarchies will no longer be recognized. Iran claims to have S300 surfacetoair missiles
 A 26yearold man is arrested in China following a knife attack at a school in which at least three children were killed.  DR Congo frees 11,506 children from mines Israeli troops on own side in Lebanon clash, UN says Berlusconi's Nemesis Will Silvio Berlusconi's former ally be the one to end his reign? Germany Looks to Tighten Up Public Drinking Rules It's official Saudi Arabia bans BlackBerries Israel continues uprooting trees on Lebanon border after fatal clash BP says 'static kill' to stop oil leak was successful BBC News  Danish politics rocked over Kinnock tax status Kenya votes on new constitution amid high security
 Al Jazeera Video Chinese poor locked up at night France starts removing Roma camps Taliban kills 10 in Afghanistan. The dead include six Americans who were part of a medical team. The Taliban claims the workers were spies and preachers of Christianity. Little Britain How the rest of the world sees us Vote No On Wyclef Jean Why the Former Fugee's Run For the Haitian Presidency Is Totally Misguided Enola Gay navigator has 'no regrets'
 France Sarkozy's Gypsy crackdown begins Russian heatwave kills 5,000 as fires rage out of control  Style Notes | Editor's memo. We wrote that 'too many bomb disposal experts' had died in Afghanistan, which prompted a reader to ask what an acceptable number would have been
 Wikileaks attack data by year and type, projected onto regional map of Afghanistan In Cairo, An End To The Cacophony Of Calls To Prayer  NPR The Pink Floyd rock music classic Another Brick in the Wall has been transformed by a Canadian band, with permission, to reflect dissent young Iranians have for their government.  BREAKING  Colombia confirms that their government has filed a case against Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez to the ICC, and against the Venezuelan state to the IACHR [Translation from Spanish] AmericanPalestinian Yale Professor threatened by Israeli Military Tribunal for videotaping and posting protests on Youtube  Blair must be arrested Residents flee as acrid smog blankets Moscow Foxconn, the Chinese maker of Apple's iPhone, faces fresh suicide fears as 14th worker dies Taliban Kill 10 on Aid Trip in Afghanistan South Africa loses its War on Poverty King Abdullah May Have Just Dodged Overthrow From Family Coup Uribe's appointment to flotilla probe guarantees its failure
The commission is composed of four persons, one chosen by Turkey, one chosen by Israel and two chosen from a list provided by Israel. 'Imam Idol' A Reality Show's Search for a Muslim Role Model 'Kashmir burns again as India responds to dissent with violence  The hospitals are filling up with gunshot victims but angry protesters say the world is blind to their plight.' 'If attacked, Iran will annihilate US'  You've been warned.. (also spiffy hat) Russia digs trenches to secure Nsites Pentagon demands return of the 90,000 documents from Wikileaks.  Methinks the pentagon doesn't understand how the internet works. Calling Gaza a prison camp is an understatement 'The Kremlin's Central Control Is the Real Disaster'  Moscow is engulfed in smog, 500 fires are still blazing across Russia and the deadly wildfires could pose a nuclear threat. The German press on Friday says the overcentralization of power is partly to blame for the disaster. For the first time since the dark days of the Taliban, 29 women have been recruited to serve in the Afghan army  NORTH KOREA About 23 Christians arrested, 3 executed Video British troops in Afghanistan 'We try to help them ... but it just seems pointless' Sean Penn has questioned the motives of Wyclef Jean's bid for the Haitian presidency and criticised his obscene demonstration of wealth.  Wyclef Jean Officially Running For President Of Haiti After Filing Papers Kenyans vote 'yes' for birth of a second republic Chinese poor locked up at night Hiroshima 65 years later US attends ceremony, but offers no apology Its good theyve come, but why has it taken 65 years? The Internet Generation Prefers the Real World. 
They may have been dubbed the Internet generation, but young people are more interested in their realworld friends than Facebook. New research shows that the majority of children and teenagers are not the Websavvy digital natives of legend. UAE confirms oil tanker attack Australians about to revolt  Riots in the streets... ) [AHRC Open Letter] MYANMAR Request to intervene on complaint of severe torture by police The number of fires in Russia grow, death toll reaches 50 Vietnam Writers Honored for Commitment to Free Speech 40 US billionaires pledge half of wealth to charity Pakistan's Great Flood A photo essay of worst disaster in country's history Activists clash with Taiwan police over China envoy A bomb explosion at Zamboanga airport in the southern Philippines has killed two people and injured 24. BBC News  North Korea hit by severe flooding as a result of ongoing torrential rain. Disease and regret weigh on atomicbomb survivors Leh flash floods 100 killed, over 350 injured. Mexico Calderon considers debate on legalizing drugs after 28,000 people have been killed in drug violence since he launched a crackdown against cartels in 2006 Wikileaks has posted a massive 1.4 GB heavily encrypted file on it's dedicated Afghan War Diary page labeled simply Insurance. Possibly in response to the harsh rhetoric issuing from the US DoD regarding Julian Assange, the new file was quietly uploaded with no explanation. A home visit by Tokyo officials to a local resident to congratulate him on his 111th birthday instead led to a police search that uncovered his threedecadeold skeleton Brazil offers asylum to Iranian woman facing stoning Brazil's super cool president offers asylum to imprisoned Iranian woman who has been sentenced to death by stoning More than 70 countries make being gay a crime The Afghan Taliban say they have one thing in common with the Americans theyre both getting played by Pakistan. The Netherlands pulled its troops out of Afghanistan on Sunday, after serving there with distinction for four years. The withdrawal is seen as a blow for the NATOled coalition, who had wanted the Dutch to stay on. As Germany's wild boar population has skyrocketed in recent years, so too has the number of animals contaminated by radioactivity left over from the Chernobyl nuclear meltdown. Government payments compensating hunters for lost income due to radioactive boar have quadrupled since 2007. Wikileaks volunteer detained BBC News  Cheetahs will run again in India This analysis of rightwing politics and its impact on science shows how a handful of individuals have managed to obscure the truth on issues that range from the dangers of smoking to global warming Pakistan withdraws from terror talks in Cameron protest
 Mass, Militant Actions in Bangladesh Result in Near Doubling of Minimum Wage. Syrian President Bashar Assad warns the chances of war are increasing Sweden's dark side Retired police chief Lindberg  jailed for rape and assault. At the time of his apprehension he was allegedly on his way to meet a 14yrold girl in a hotel encounter. It was said that in his car was a bag containing leather whips, handcuffs and a blindfold! Millions spent on doctor 'gagging orders' by NHS, 
investigation finds. Zahra Soltani was misidentified by media as Iranian protest shooting victim Neda.  Coerced by the Iranian authorities into claiming the shooting was faked, she's now a refugee in Germany. Record rains, but Pakistan is dying for water. Lack of clean drinking water leaves 600 children dead from disease every day UN rights body tells Israel to end Gaza blockade Israel maintains that the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights does not apply to the occupied West Bank and Gaza, although it says that the treaty does apply to Jewish settlers there, committee member Christine Chanet said [...] Cluster bomb ban comes into effect EU to be given prominent UN role  East Africas most corrupt country After 4 exhaustive years, Dutch become 1st NATO member to quit Afghanistan operation. German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle has angered conservatives in his own government coalition this week by keeping open the possibility of full European Union membership for Turkey. Israel's strategic blunder with Turkey Doctors Without Borders Somalia can't be helped War and corruption are responsible for famines, not droughts   UN Soldiers Caught On Video Raping A Haitian Teenager Angst for the educated A university degree no longer confers financial security Over 35,000 people convicted of terrorism in the ten years since 9/11 Turkey decides to challenge the Gaza blockade at International Court of Justice The appearance of one new legal high a week makes ban policy ridiculous
 General Vo Nguyen Giap, who led the Vietminh against France and the Peoples Army of Vietnam against the United States, is 100 today. More Afghan soldiers deserting the army, NATO statistics show   Iran's Bushehr nuclear plant connected to national grid Iran's first nuclear power station has been connected to the country's electricity grid, state news reports. New Wikileaks Docs Show Canadian ExMinister Bernier Offered To Leak Copyright Bill to US  Gaddafi son near Tripoli, meeting tribal leaders and preparing to retake the Libyan capital spokesman Canadas SeveredFeet Mystery  
Since 2007, 11 human feet have washed up on the shore near British Columbia& no one knows why. The spooky case that has authorities grimacing The CIA reportedly worked with the intelligence services of Gaddafi's regime Racism on the rise in Europe Report Turkey navy to escort aid ships to Palestinians in Gaza  Haaretz Daily Newspaper | Israel News Germany's CDU suffers losses in regional poll Opposition Social Democrats celebrate gains over conservatives in Chancellor Merkel's home state. WikiLeaks Hezbollah uses scare tactics on journalists African Union peacekeepers shot and killed Malaysian journalist covering the famine in Somalia, while a new burst of violence erupted in the central part of the country Israel promises reform after massive protests, but will it deliver? Libya rebel commander wants MI6 and CIA apologies Canadians feel pity instead of envy for America in light of economic downturn 2 Mexicans deny terrorism, face 30 years for tweet Libyan intelligence documents show ties to CIA Spanish health ministry asks Twitter to delete profiles that promote anorexia Hey reddit, just a reminder as of this weekend, Iran has now imprisoned three hikers for a year to use as international political bargaining chips. It's unjust, and no one seems to care anymore. I don't really know how to help them, but here's their story. ISRAEL will expel 400 nativeborn children of nonJewish foreign workers to help safeguard the country's Jewish identity. Germanys constitutional court in Karlsruhe ruled on Tuesday that the law denying unwed fathers custody rights to their children without the mothers permission is unconstitutional, opening the way for automatic dual custody. Israel, Lebanon forces exchange fire on border South Africa's former police commissioner, the former head of interpol, has been sentenced to 15 years imprisonment. Christopher Hitchens I know Hugo Chavez and, yes, hes truly insane	 Mexico's Drug Cartels Use Force To Silence Media Ayatollah Ali Khamenei Although music is halal, promoting and teaching it is not compatible with the highest values of the sacred regime of the Islamic Republic. Mongolian neoNazis AntiChinese sentiment fuels rise of ultranationalism  Alarm sounds over rise of extreme groups such as Tsagaan Khass who respect Hitler and reject foreign influence
 Mexican government allows marriage between gay couples in Mexico City, and they are about to allow adoption to them! Iran says the Brazilian president did not have enough information when he offered refuge to an Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning. Wheat prices have doubled over the last two months. Experts predict that bread prices may skyrocket as a result causing another food crisis. Jordan Proof that rockets fired from Egypt  IsraelLebanon troops exchange fire. It's Time for Germany to Change Its Immigration Laws Russian rapper jailed for insulting police  Forget it, swallow it, be silent How does stoning work in Iran?  By Christopher Beam  Slate Magazine Germany gave hit list to secret US unit British city wants to buy all its councilors an iPad, claiming it will save around 90,000.  Here's the kicker.  The council plans to axe 1,000 jobs if it can't find 100mil to slash by 2015. Hamas denies any involvement with the rocket attacks that struck near Eilat, the Red Sea, and Jordan Monday, killing a Jordanian and wounding three more at the Intercontinental Hotel in Aqaba Geert Wilders, whose antiimmigration party doubled its vote in June's elections, is set to play a key role in the new government. His party is to join the Netherland's first minority coalition since World War II. In a bid to increase revenues, the Greek authorities are employing all kinds of clever tricks to crack down on tax cheats, including using Google Earth to find undeclared swimming pools. But efforts by the government to liberalize markets could unleash a wave of civil unrest. Price for a potential Israeli strike on Iran? A Palestinian state.  Clash of civilizations in the classroom  German pupils in the minority [Documentary] Bubonic plague breaks out in Peru.  1 dead, 31 infected.  Dutch troops withdraw from Afghanistan Inmates of a prison in Cebu, Philippines are given less food, smaller beds and few benefits of any kind if they do not dance to Michael Jackson songs for tourists. US, Canada, Britain & Australia refuse to support call for `the human right to water and sanitation' Peru declares state of emergency amid plunging temperatures Hundreds of children died from freezing conditions that have seen temperatures plummet to a 50year low of 24C British child prodigy, aged 7yrs, dubbed 'Mini Monet', sells latest paintings for 150,000! Ahmadinejad Challenges Obama to TV Debate We are ready to sit with his Excellency Obama, face to face, free and before media, to put the world's issues on the table to find out whose solution is better BBC Admits al Qaeda Never Existed Israel is now deporting small children who were born in Israel, speak Hebrew and have never seen their parents' native countries. 5 rockets fired from Sinai, two fall into the Red Sea, two fall on Jordan, one on Israel, four people injured.  UN announces panel to investigate Gaza flotilla raid Half of Indias population lives below the poverty line. According to an Oxford University study, 55 percent of Indias population of 1.1 billion, or 645 million people, are living in poverty. Using a newlydeveloped index, the study found that about onethird of the worlds poor live in India. Threequarters of UK nonMuslims believe Islam negative for Britain Layers of trash floating in the Yangtze river are threatening to jam China's massive Three Gorges hydroelectric dam. Israel and Hamas may be headed for another war as violence escalates in Gaza WikiLeaks will fund itself via Flattr, Pirate Bay founder's startup A huge explosion destroyed the home of a senior Hamas commander and injured 24 As Drug War Turns Into Quagmire, Fear Rules Mexico UN Declares Water a Fundamental Human Right  U.S. Abstains from Voting on Resolution. Bedouin village razed in Negev as lsraelis cheer on 53.7% of Palestinians want rocket attacks to stop, 43.7% support them Now that Hezbollah's leader has indicated that undisciplined members may have taken part in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, a challenge has emerged for his son. Will Saad Hariri, the current prime minister, dare to challenge a group he shares power with? Police arrest third suspect in Jewish terrorist affair Israeli security forces arrested a man suspected of assisting Jewish terrorist Chaim Pearlman in stabbing several Arabs in East Jerusalem over an extended period of time. The suspect was released several hours after being taken into custody A string of rockets was fired early Monday toward the Israeli resort city Eilat, and one hit in neighboring Jordan, killing one person and wounding four Cambodia in clasp of cluster bombs.
At least 26 million cluster bombs were dropped on Cambodia by the United States during the Vietnam War in the 1960s and 70s.
 Indonesia Embarks on Fruitless Campaign to Ban Pornography More than 800 Russian wildfires have been reported since they first ignited nearly a week ago. The wildfires, a result of the country's worst heat wave in recorded history, have claimed 52 lives thus far and left more than 3,000 people homeless (w/pics) Japan became rich as America's compliant vassal state. Now Japan's efforts to move on are being thwarted by the US. Interview with Eric Morgolis US media ignoring explosive testimony in UK.  MI5 told Blair that Iraq was no threat.  US intelligence created stories in the middle east about Iraq and when they were reported, used it to garner support. Milk powder + Hormones + Girl Children developing breasts, = CHINA once again... (companies name is Synutra) + product still being sold... Israel releases Mordechai Vanunu after three months in prison Iran Sentences Baha'i Leaders to 20 Years in Prison U.S. Supersizes Afghan MegaBase as Withdrawal Date Looms  Moscow authorities have been forced to acknowledge that the heat and smoke of the last week have doubled the citys mortality rates Oil firm wins battle to identify chatroom users Switzerland is the small exception in a united  and ever bigger  Europe.  Landless and illiterate, drowned by debt, Mr. Bhuria and his ailing children have staggered into the hospital ward after falling through Indias social safety net.  His daughter, Nani, is 4 and weighs 20 pounds. His son, Jogdiya, is 2 and weighs only eight. South Korea uncovers explosive, flammable and corrosive automotive refrigerant from China U.N. to return to Somalia after 17 Years Iran To Execute 18YearOld Ebrahim Hamidi On False Charge Of Sodomy This Is How It Feels to Be Under a Nuclear Attack (NSFW) Netanyahu Says Israel Wont Allow Panel to Question Soldiers The daily mortality rate in Moscow has doubled and morgues are overflowing amid an acrid smog caused by the worst heatwave in Russia's thousandyear history Admission by Admiral Mullen that the U.S. has plans to attack Iran to prevent that country from acquiring nuclear weapons, is being treated with the utmost seriousness in political, intelligence and military circles in Tehran. China's Warhol Gets Dirty I hate the Chinese propaganda machine so much 
Discovering Narrative The Value Of Ignorance  
Top journalist, author of Black Hawk Down, on learning the trade. You would be amazed at how much more a guy will tell you with a beer in his hand
 German police shut down the Hamburg mosque where the 9/11 hijackers met before their suicide attacks on the US in 2001 Germany's Justice Ministry says it is looking into the possibility of jailing an 88yearold man more than 60 years after his conviction for Nazi war crimes in the Netherlands Nofrills hotels arrive in the UK (it's even extra for a clean room) North Korea fires artillery off west coast. Nasrallah has implicated Israel for the murder of the former Lebanese PM  Among the material presented was what he described as Israeli reconaissance footage intercepted by Hezbollah of areas frequented by the former PM. Roald Dahl's darkest hour  Finalist dies at World Sauna event in Finland!! This video is creating a large controversy in France right now.  Look for the part starting at the twominute mark. President Karzai Calls for Ban on Private Security Companies in Afghanistan.  Pope acts against incest priest's group. The Legionaries of Christ, the Roman Catholic group that combines an estimated 21bn fortune with intense moral turpitude and extreme conservatism, is facing its nemesis this month. Iran set to execute 18yearold on false charge of sodomy on the basis of judge's knowledge, a legal loophole that allows for subjective judicial rulings where there is no conclusive evidence
 The groom unleashed a volley of rapid aerial shots with an AK47 rifle to celebrate his nuptials, but quickly lost control of the weapon and accidentally raked the guests with bullets Lawyer in Iran stoning case asks for asylum in Norway (the guy escaped to Turkey on horseback  what a ninja) North Korea seizes South Korean fishing boat. WikiLeaks Lack of Swedish publishing license means it does not enjoy constitutional source protection, experts say Taliban issues press release to counter TIME magazine's cover photo of mutilated girl. Detained Belarusian Investigator of KGB Corruption Hospitalized  at KGB Hospital Mexican federal police protest in Juarez, accuse commanders of corruption Iran will offer full support to Lebanon and Syria in the event of an Israeli attack, said Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki  Kickass Helicopter Pilot in Pakistan 'If attacked, Iran will annihilate US' Russian troops dug a fivemile canal to protect nuclear arms site from wildfires caused by record heatwave Taliban response to TIME magazine cover of girl with her nose cut off Massive ice island breaks off Greenland. A piece of ice four times the size of Manhattan island has broken away from an ice shelf in Greenland, according to scientists in the U.S. Cuba has told onefifth of its government workers that communism hasn't worked out for them and they'll have to find jobs in the private sector.
 Video of forced eviction in Paris suburb prompts shock reactions from French politicians as well as advocates for immigrants and housing rights Speed camera switchoff sees fewer accidents Green MP Caroline Lucas has joined the campaign to force US tycoon Donald Trump to change his plans to build a luxury golf course on the Aberdeenshire coast. NKorea seizes SKorean fishing boat amid tension 127 killed as mudslides devastate China town  I was told I was going to be raped, I was told I was going to be gangbanged, I was told that they were going to make sure that I was never going to want to act as a journalist again. Netanyahu No apology, no compensation to Turkey over Gaza flotilla  Israel cannot apologize for our soldiers being forced to defend themselves against the mob that almost slaughtered them, Netanyahu said during an interview with Israel's Channel 1. Swedish 'sex purchase law' very effective  A Swedish law punishing the purchase  not sale  of sex, has been so effective it has slashed street prostitution in half. The three richest men in the world have more money than the poorest 48 countries. Hitler Film Reveals India's Nazi Fascination  CBS News Brazilian taskforce frees more than 4,500 slaves after record number of raids on remote farms. DEA, Ecuadoran officials seize real drug submarine China 'jails Tibet activist for five years' for publishing a proDalai Lama article on his website Palestinian PM gives Israeli PM concrete proposal for final borders gives control over Jewish Quarter, Western Wall to Israel, allows for land swaps of 2.5% of West Bank (for annexation of Israeli settlements) and a land corridor between West Bank and Gaza. Iran remembers victims of airliner shot down by US 250 dead in oil explosion and no one cares since it 
happened in the Congo.  100 people feared dead after oil tanker exploded, setting fire to a village in DR Congo A person criticises the the Thailand government on Facebook. The next day he is arrested and jailed for 2 months pending trial.  Kenya Christian preachers exploit the sick, 
promising miracle cures for the terminally ill at a 
price (vid) No spending please, we're German  Berlin has been portrayed by Washington as the selfish bogeyman of the global recession. But Germans aren't being cheap They're being themselves. Iran Ahmadinejad calls new US sanctions against 
Iran pathetic, warning they would regret their 
bullying. Buffett donates $1.93bn in shares to five charities. When oil began to spill from the overturned tanker, local residents attempted to collect the oil. One was smoking a cigarette, causing the tanker to explode Algerians seek damages for France for the 17 nuclear tests France conducted in the 1960s. Congo 270 feared dead after an oil tanker 
overturned and exploded, setting fire to a village  Goldman Sachs The Pirates of Poison in the Gulf Ethnic Turks Encounter 'Kltrschock'  More ethnic Turks are now moving out of Germany than in. As the German economy lags, a Western education helps professional Turkish Germans find work in a booming Muslim nation. But they aren't always welcomed home. Campaign for Iranian woman facing death by stoning  A warm welcome to guardian.co.uk for all former readers of the Times  On the day that Rupert Murdoch's London Times puts up its online pay wall, the stillfree Guardian sets out its stall to new readers, and sticks a few stilettos in the Times's back along the way General Motors now sells more cars in China than in the USA.  How long before it's a Chinese car company with an American subsidiary? The Paper That Finally Changed The Law on Drugs Published in The Lancet, the paper demonstrates  clear scientific evidence that opposes UK drugs policy. The Government respond by removing from law the need to have a scientist on the Advisory Council for the Misuse of Drugs! Portugal's drug policy pays off US which has been  waging a 40yr, $1 trillion war on drugs, is looking for answers in tiny Portugal For six months, Wired's Senior Editor Kevin Poulsen possessed but refuses to publish the key evidence in the arrest of Bradley Manning for allegedly acting as WikiLeaks' source. Adrian Lamo  an informant  gave Poulsen the full chat logs between Manning and Lamo. Wired was free to publish them Wikileaks will be the death of big business and big government The Wikileaks revolution isnt only about airing secrets and transacting information. Its about dismantling large organizations  from corporations to government bureaucracies. It may well lead to their extinction Britain's banks attempt to suppress student's expos of chip and pin ATM security WikiLeaks Swedish government 'hid' antiterror operations with America from Parliament Britain risks Israeli anger by extending diplomatic recognition to Palestinians   6 Million Fish Dead in Bolivian Ecological Disaster George Clooney launches satellite project to monitor Sudan and prevent civil war New Venezuelan law makes foreign financing of political organisations illegal Israeli warplanes violate Lebanon's airspace several times, considered a violation of the peace treaty of the IsraeliLebanese war of 2006.  BBC News  Bank bonuses in global disclosure call  banks will soon have to show (in detail) how much their top managers are making. 17,368 Indian farmers committed suicide in 2009! 45 years ago, a joint IndoUS espionage mission lost 5 kilograms of plutonium in the Himalayas. Its still missing. South Korean president ramps up aggressive stance towards North   South Korea's armed forces will respond relentlessly if they are attacked again by North Korea No Israel apology on Turkish ship raid Netanyahu
| Reuters Iraq Wants the U.S. Out Prime Minister, in Interview, Says Troops Must Leave Next Year as Planned German airports are considering assigning passengers to risk categories based on age and ethnicity, and checking them accordingly. Critics say the move would foment racism, breach antidiscrimination laws and fail to boost security.  Christmas bomb plot nine men remanded over plan to 'blow up Big Ben and Westminster Abbey' Law on Internet to prosecute rumormongers 'unconstitutional'  A law that provided the legal grounds to indict Minerva, a wellknown Internet commentator, for spreading misleading information on the Internet was ruled unconstitutional, Tuesday.  Why is the north magnetic pole racing toward Siberia? WSJ obtains Wikileaks financial data spending up, donations down  Boing Boing Did Pfizer Bribe Its Way Out of Criminal Charges in Nigeria? Bolivian Bus drivers announce a strike in response to the 83% increase in the price of gasoline and the 73% increase in the price of diesel fuel  Iran hangs man convicted of being Israeli Mossad spy. USA forced Sweden's hand on piracy and Pirate Bay crackdown Paris to ban SUV's from driving city streets WikiLeaks cables revealed 'secret concerted U.S. effort to stop a crusading Spanish judge from investigating a torture complaint against former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and five other senior Bush lawyers.' German Kindergartens ordered to pay copyright for songs  Up until this year, preschools could teach and produce any kind of song they wanted. But now they have to pay for a license if they want children to sing certain songs. Israel is discriminating against Palestinians living in the occupied territories by depriving them of water, electricity and roads  Human Rights Watch  South Korea says it will prepare for unification with North. Since there must always be two sides to every 
story, the BBC invites a Christian who supports the 
execution of gay people to comment on Sir Elton 
John's newborn child. Terror suspects arrested in Sweden and Denmark    Five men planed to kill as many people as possible at Danish daily.  The Israeli armys looting of books belonging to Palestinian intellectuals, where as many as 30,000 Arabic books and manuscripts, some of them rare and valuable, ended up in Israels National Library. Nigerias deal to drop Dick Cheney's charges called illegal Wired Putting the Record Straight on the LamoManning Chat Logs WikiLeaks US declined to cooperate in Dubai Probe of Mabhouh Killing Rabbis' wives urge Israeli women Stay away from Arab men  A new letter signed by 30 women suggests that girls who date nonJews will be cut off from their 'holy race'.
 WikiLeaks clones popping up in Europe and beyond  The perceived successes of WikiLeaks have catalyzed wouldbe whistleblowers to launch their own crusades for transparency. The most recent is PirateLeaks.cz, launched by the Czech Pirate Party.  Israeli security services deny Palestinian detainees access to legal advice or family before confessions are signed, according to a report by an Israeli and a Palestinian rights group. Lawyers in Nigeria accuse the government of acting illegally by agreeing to settle criminal bribery charges against Cheney out of court Pancho Villa's Heir Fighting Drug Cartels in Mexico French War On File Sharing Begins more than 100,000 internetusers warned that they have been caught accessing pirate material.
 Denmark 'foils terror attack' Police arrest five suspects linked to a plot against newspaper that printed controversial cartoons of Prophet Muhammad. The British armed forces are drawing up contingency plans to evacuate hundreds of thousands of British residents and tourists from Dubai and other Gulf cities in the event of war with Iran. Future Shock? Welcome to the New Middle Ages India Joins U.S. Effort to  Stifle Iran Trade  No police in Mexico town after last officer kidnapped 'Let them do it!' Chavez dares U.S. to cut ties 
 Christian Association of Nigeria and Nigerian Muslims' spiritual leader make a joint statement condemning politicians for inciting religious violence Visa, Mastercard and PayPal all enable donations to be made to USregistered groups funding illegal Israeli settlements in the West Bank in defiance of international law. All Internet porn To be blocked in the UK  Customers would have to request to get porn turned on Assange We have clearly stated motives, but they are not antiwar motives. We are not pacifists. We are transparency activists who understand that transparent government tends to produce just government. And that is our sort of modus operandi... to get out suppressed information into the public Sweden gave us a home, treated us well, and offered us things that others, Arabs, nonArabs, Muslims and nonMuslims, refrained from doing. WikiLeaks India 'systematically torturing civilians in Kashmir' Repression of Italian student protests The specter of a policestate. Protests against education reform and Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's government last Tuesday in Rome were met with brutal force by Italian police and paramilitary units. WikiLeaks cables Diplomatic dispatches reveal world of smugglers, exmilitary fixers and radioactive materials found in unlikely locations. John Pilger  The War You Don't See Meanwhile in Belarus Lukashenko wins, thousands protest, Nieklajeu beaten up (literally). Wikileaks  Former UN secretarygeneral Kofi Annan offered Mr Robert Mugabe a lucrative retirement package in an overseas haven if he stood down as Zimbabwe's president South Korea island residents told to move to bunkers (URGENT) S. Korea begins livefire artillery drills from island near N. Korea We all owe Israel's racist rabbis a vote of thanks  Rabbis who signed a ruling against leasing to Arabs have put an end to the notion of rabbinic authority and have freed us to be Jews on our own terms.
 HRW Report Palestinians face systematic discrimination because of their race, ethnicity, and national origin, depriving them of electricity, water, schools, and access to roads, while Jewish settlers enjoy all of these benefits British tuition hike Jody McIntyre 'What the government are trying to do is to widen the gap between the rich and the poor' Pope Says Sexual Abuse Scandal Has Hit Unimaginable Dimension 10th human foot washes up on BC coast. Former UK drug minister and Defense Minister Bob Ainsworth calls for all illegal drugs, including cocaine and heroin, to be legalized!! India The government cracks down on sexselective abortions and proposes a cashincentive plan to encourage families to have girls Officially, Belarus dictator Alexander Lukashenko won reelection with almost 80 percent of the vote on Sunday. The opposition, though, is accusing his government of massive fraud. Protesters in Minsk were savagely beaten and at least four opposition candidates have been arrested. Swedish government 'hid' antiterror operations with America from Parliamentary Scrutiny Cablegate MPAA, RIAA, BSA weighed in on Frances Internet disconnection law | Raw Story Wikileaks Sudans President Bashir stole billions | NewsBreakingOnline.com Europe Turns against Germany In a clear violation of UN Sanctions, Chevron discussed oil project with Iran LAST YEAR! Reporters without borders to host mirror site of Wikileaks Assange Our technology means we don't know who is submitting us materials. But the name Bradley Manning was first heard by us when we read an article about his arrest in Wired magazine.  When I was in Iraq, something happened to me that I can only explain by saying that I
lost my mind. At some point while I was in Iraq, I stopped seeing Iraqi's as good and
bad, as men, women, and children. I started seeing them all as one, and evil, and less
than human. Assange lost tooth, was housed with child killers in prison. WikiLeaks founder says he has enough material to make major US bank head resign Popes child porn 'normal' claim sparks outrage among victims Apple confirms its culture of censorship and joins Bank of America, Paypal, Mastercard, Visa, Amazon and others to be Boycotted! Freedom of Information prevails!  China bans English words in media. China's state press and publishing body said such words were sullying the purity of the Chinese language. Wikileaks US threatened retaliation to bully EU into accepting biotech crops UN drops 'sexual orientation' from protected minorites list Even if those [Arab and African] countries do not support gay rights, you would think they would support our right not to be killed. Harry Potter actress was 'beaten and branded a prostitute by her family after dating man who was not a Muslim'   WikiLeaks cables Bangladeshi 'death squad' trained by UK government  Rapid Action Batallion, accused of hundreds of extrajudicial killings, received training from UK officers, cables reveal.
 Israel's not so subtle ethnic cleansing  Israel encourages building in settlements while refusing building permits in Palestinian areas.  This and other tricks have led to 31% of Palestinians being pushed out of some areas according to Human Rights Watch Assange People affiliated with Wikileaks have already been assassinated RAcist rally in Israel against rending properties to Arabs spills over into rally about ethnic purity in everything... again ABBAS Asked ISRAEL to attack Hamas, WikiLeaks cables show. White phosphorus fired against human targets in broad daylight  Afghanistan WikiLeak cables to Spanish newspaper El Pais confirm that the US bullies Spain into proposed controversial website blocking law, and unleashing the fury of Spanish Internet users Former German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt slams 'foolish' US pursuit of Wikileaks  That seems like revenge and it is, Schmidt told weekly Die Zeits magazine in an interview to be published Thursday. Israel orders ambassadors abroad to immediately begin public relations campaigns to combat increasing support and recognition of the Palestinian state by S. American and EU states Assange on time in prison lost tooth, was housed with child killers; police so concerned he would be assassinated they cut short a press conference after four minutes. Vince Cable 'declares war' on Murdoch takeover in secret tapes Freedom of press just died in Hungary today Magnitude 6.3 earthquake hits southern Iran UK Business Secretary Vince Cable stripped of responsibilities related to media and telecoms by PM David Cameron for daring to investigate Rupert Murdoch's News Corp 
Israeli security officials suggest promoting Arab integration as a means of stopping radicalization Spanish parliament rejects antidownloading law that would have allowed the courts to close down p2p websites. Wikileaks revealed the US bullied Spain into trying to pass this law. Rest of the world it's your turn to stand firm against those who try to impose internet censorship. You can do it too! WikiLeaks smoking cable Israel said it had secret accord with U.S. over expanding settlements even as Obama said in Cairo they must stop Is it really happening in Europe? More than 600 in jail including five presidential candidates and nobody cares?! Russian newspaper gets unlimited access to the WikiLeaks database Julian Assange Renews Membership In Australian Journalists' Union  ACTU president Ged Kearney will present a membership card to Mr Assange's Australian lawyer, Rob Stary, at a ceremony in Melbourne on Thursday morning. The Secret Behind the Travel Mayhem  
Why is five inches of snow shutting down Londons Heathrow airport? Because its more concerned with being a mall than plowing runways. We now know the Tory government want to sell ALL stateowned English forest Julian Assange about secrets, leaks and why he will not go back to Sweden  Al Jazeera interview Argentina has sentenced 15 former military and police officers to life in prison for taking part in human rights violations during Argentina's dirty war Nuclear Arms reduction treaty ratified by US senate Fossil hunters uncover complete 252m yr old underwater world, including plants, fish and large reptiles, in Luoping, China Your tax dollars at work Israeli to deploy new tanks to Gaza Unknown Hemorrhagic fever outbreak that started in Abim Uganda Last month has yet to be identified. Spain Rejects Proposed Legislation to Shutdown P2P Sites Julian Assange will be Le Monde's man of the year  according to AFP via RIA Novosti (use Google Translate) Forests size of Russia 'could be restored'  Toronto G20 Police Officer Finally Charged With Assault Apple removes iPhone Wikileaks app from iTunes S Korea to hold 'mega drill'  UN office for torture issues in Geneva looking into Bradley Manning's treatment Argentina former leader Jorge Videla jailed for life WikiLeaks cables Syria believed Israel was behind sniper killing. Assassination of Syrian president's top security aide caused anxiety among the political elite Ahead Of Possible Wikileaks Assault, Bank Of America Buys Insulting Domains  Live News Wire WikiLeaks cables Vatican vetoed Holocaust 
memorial over Pius XII row Israel had secret accord with U.S. over expanding settlements even as Obama said they must stop UN's top torture official now investigating WikilLeaker Cpl. Brad Manning's pretrial prison conditions.  USA may soon be labelled a nation that engages in torture. Bomb explodes at Swiss embassy in Rome Wikileaks All 250,000 cables reported leaked in Norway WikiLeaks to release Israel documents in six months The Capitalist United States vs Socialist Germany Guess who has the second highest trade surplus in the world? Bolivia formally recognizes Palestine as independent state  WikiLeaks strategy Bank of America buys up hundreds of abusive domain names for its senior executives and board members as a defensive strategy against the future publication of damaging insider info from WikiLeaks Sad end to story of a mother who sought justice for her murdered daughter in Mexico she herself has been killed  Assange warns of 'digital McCarthyism'  msnbc interview Gay rights advocates score hardfought victory U.N. restores reference to sexual orientation, dropped last month from a resolution opposing the unjustified killing of minority groups UN changes its mind. It's not okay to kill gay people anymore. A Nation Descends into Violence  The Mexican government has been using the army to fight the nation's drug cartels for about four years. It isn't working. Some critics say the army is part of the problem, even if the occasional mission removes a kingpin. Felipe Caldern has no one else to trust. WikiLeaks Call of Duty How Wikileaks killed Spain's antiP2P law John Pilger's excellent video The War You Don't See Sir David Frost Interviews Julian Assange Upon Release from Jail ExBush strategist Karl Rove likely plays lead role in Sweden's effort to prosecute Assange Swedish PM has a friendship with Rove for 10 years, reportedly asked him to help with his 2010 reelection in Sweden and hired Karl when he got thrown out of the White House. U.S. ambassador to Australia in OpEd asserts that WikiLeaks damages free expression by choking private talks. (A commenter calls it a scarily Orwellian piece attacking one of Australia's most famous heroes, Julian Assange.)  One trader owns 8090% of the copper in London Metal Exchange warehouses; or, about half the worldwide exchangeregistered copper stockpile. WikiLeaks to publish 'sensitive' Israel cables  Sensitive and classified documents on Israel's 2006 war on Lebanon and January's assassination in Dubai of Hamas militant Mahmud alMabhuh would be released, Assange said. ExArgentina leader jailed for life  Former military dictator Jorge Videla convicted of murder of at least 31 political prisoners during 1970s' Dirty War. New Zealand Discloses Military UFO Files (Link to Original Documents) Putin reinforces Russian nationalism Prime minister's words, actions in the wake of race riots strengthen ideology. Web filtering Why a Great British Firewall will be useless. Ed Vaizey's plan to block pornography online is doomed to fail because it simply won't work South Korean Army's K9 selfpropelled guns fire live rounds during military exercises early today [December 23, 2010] on the Seungjin Fire Training Field, 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the Koreas' heavily fortified border. Photo credit Park Jiho / Yonhap Julian Assange is the man of the year for the French newspaper Le Monde Hungary just passed the most draconian anti free speech law in the European Union. How do we put a stop to this wrecking ball politicians are swinging at our freedoms? Iraqi man kills his own 19 year old daughter after discovering that she was recruited as a suicide bomber Amnesty are urgently asking you to stand up and say something about Habibollah Latifi due to be executed in Iran on the 26th. WikiLeaks Israel Destroyed Syrian Nuke Facility  In a leaked diplomatic cable obtained by the daily Yedioth Ahronoth, thenUS secretary of state Condoleezza Rice wrote the Israelis targeted and destroyed the Syrian nuclear reactor just weeks before it was to be operational. I discovered that in China, in this society, women in villages have no human rights. They [local family planning officials] even said that I am under their management, that I do not have a choice, that whatever they say I have to do.  Bus company will not run Israeli war crimes ad (from r/politics) Mexico's Forever War Ends 2010 with more than 11,000 drugrelated killings, up from approximately 6,600 last year EU begins investigation into Hungary's new anti
freedom of speech law Cuba begins to publish leaked U.S. documents A judge yesterday called for the prosecution of three Swiss engineers suspected of smuggling nuclear weapons technology following allegations that the US pressured Switzerland to destroy incriminating evidence to conceal their work for the CIA. JERUSALEM  A wave of protests and discriminatory acts by Jewish Israelis against Arabs and Africans is worrying rights activists and has prompted an unprecedented appeal for calm from Israel's prime minister. Korean Crisis The view from the defectors  Human rights are guaranteed and no one dies of hunger here, but in North Korea those basic needs are met only if you work incredibly hard. Whistleblower alerts Govt to Israeli agents destroying files | Trinidad Expresss Danish court rules climate summit arrests illegal. Each person who took the case to court until now will get around 1000$ After 7 hour Interruption, Furious Passengers Riot in Buenos Aires Surprising Police and Protestors  (VIDEO)  Hispanically Speaking News The Economist Europe the inside story gives a 3 minute light overview of the current EU political scene  as a nonEU person this was very helpful to me Chevron's dirty tricks in Ecuador's huge environmental lawsuit exposed As speculators and increasing demand drive up Beijing's real estate prices, those who cannot afford the rent are going underground  literally. Hundreds of cellars and airraid shelters are being rented out as living spaces in the Chinese capital. Haiti urged to halt cholera antivoodoo lynchings  The head of Haitis voodoo religion appealed to authorities on Thursday to halt bloody lynchings of voodoo priests by people who blame them for causing the Caribbean countrys deadly cholera epidemic. Gbagbo denied access to Ivory Coast state funds Frances wars over women Why the twostate solution is the only way to save Israel German Defense minister calls on Berlin to name a street after Ronald Reagan  North Pakistan clashes 'leave 27 dead'

3 soldiers and 24 militants have been killed in a tribal region of northwestern Pakistan, officials have said. Assange said that his website is due to release thousands of documents related to Israel, particularly dealing with the Mabhouh assassination in Dubai and the Second Lebanon War Indian pediatrician, dedicated life to helping sick children in tribal India, arrested by democratic regime for treason.  Reddit, let's bring attention to this injustice! Bradley Manning's Holiday Statement WikiLeaks reveals true face of Israel Military intelligence chief sought Hamas takeover to declare Strip as hostile entity, turning it into a large prison camp by blocking it from land, air and sea Ireland is using the National Pension Reserve Fund to bailout unstable Irish Banks. Somehow this seems like a bad idea to me.  Tsunami warning issued after quake in Pacific  A warning has been issued for Vanuatu, New Caledonia & Fiji following a 7.6 magnitude earthquake below the Pacific seabed On September 6, 2007, Israel destroyed the nuclear reactor built by Syria secretly, apparently with North Korea's help, wrote former US secretary of state Condoleezza Rice Indian spacy agency ISRO's GSLV rocket explodes in mid air  ( Female bomber kills 45 at Pakistan food center
 Venezuela's new laws Penalties for spreading political dissent on the Internet, grant decree powers to Chvez and prevent legislators from breaking with his political movement The murder mystery of Pakistan's former prime minister Benazir Bhutto has taken a new turn as recently arrested police officials have disclosed the names of the ISI officials who could be connected to her assassination.  Ecuador recognizes Palestine state   Ecuador formally recognized Palestine as an independent state on Friday, following the lead of its neighbors Bolivia, Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay earlier this month. 10,500 square meter crater opens up in Romanian town Einstein's theory is proved  and it is bad news if you own a penthouse  The underappreciated heroes of 2010 (by Johann Hari of the Independent)  The demolition of press freedom in Hungary. Without any significant protest from the EU or the European press, Hungarys Fidesz party has won overwhelming parliamentary support to pass a new media law that will effectively deprive the country of freedom of the press. Immigration in Canada A smaller welcome mat | The Economist The End Of Men  US parents prefer daughters over sons. Even Asia following suit. Why? Because women outperform men in advanced, postindustrial economies. More productive, more employable, better educated Afghanistan is seeing higher levels of violence this year than last year at this time, with 20% more civilians killed and the number of security incidents up by 66%, the United Nations says in a new report. 43 killed outside World Food Programme distribution area in Pakistan Global flu warning after UK hit New strain of MRSA superbug found in Isle of Man The Dire State of the US Economy Holiday Statement from Bradley Manning Australia says it's unfortunate that Denmark has cancelled plans to receive & destroy 1,000s of tons of hazardous waste, blaming Denmark's decision on politics rather than safety concerns The real heroes of the Haitian earthquake disaster are from America's archenemy Cuba, whose 1200 doctors and nurses have put US efforts to shame Vatican emerges from WikiLeaks as a key player on the global scene What's amazing is that the Vatican accomplishes all this with a relatively tiny diplomatic corps  a few hundred bishops and priests who were handpicked and trained at a littleknown diplomatic academy in downtown Rome. Wikileaks Disturbing development in the African uranium mining industry  abysmal safety and security standards in the mines, nuclear research centres, and border customs are enabling international companies to exploit the mines and smuggle dangerous radioactive material across continents South Korea says it will keep a giant Christmas tree near the border with North Korea lit until January 8, amid threats from North Korea. This is getting a little ridiculous. Ethnic cleansing in the Israeli Negev The razing of Bedouin villages by Israeli police shows how far Israel will go to achieve its aim of Judaising the region Following Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Cuba, and Venezuela, Ecuador recognizes Palestine as an independent state within the 1967 borders. Kafkas Castle is collapsing  You cant reason with 
the absurd, as IKEA found when it tried to build a 
model business in Russia. Institutional corruption is 
out of control. Kafkas Castle is finally collapsing. 
This is good news, as Russians, ordinary Russians 
are losing their fear. Armenian police target teenage rock cult emo could damage our gene pool. Assange signs $1.5m book deal. I fought for Egypt in the 1967 and 1973 wars, and was a PoW in Israel...and yet my country seems to want to eradicate me Assange to write autobiography to cover legal costs and keep Wikileaks afloat I don't want to write this book, but I have to The leader of Germany's opposition Social Democrats has said his party will not back an extension of the country's Afghanistan troop deployment without concrete moves to scale down the Bundeswehr's mission. Assange signs deals for his autobiography worth more than 1 million I have already spent 200,000 for legal costs and I need to defend myself and to keep WikiLeaks afloat. The present political balance of power has created a Knesset that has become an assembly line of legislation that is dragging Israel down to the bottom of the list of civilized countries. Assange signs $A1.5m book deal North Korean troops boast on state TV of attacks on the South Thousands flee Ivory Coast for Liberia amid poll crisis About 14,000 people have fled Ivory Coast to neighbouring Liberia following last month's disputed Ivorian presidential election, the UN says.  UN agency condemns Arab home demolitions in Jerusalem Is Israel a Theocracy Palestinians who wish to become citizens of Israel are to be made to pledge allegiance to the country as a Jewish state under a controversial plan unveiled by Netanyahu Icy rain has shut down Moscow's largest airport, coated roads with ice & left over 200,000 people & 14 hospitals without electricity India's languishing countryside A village in a million | The Economist Mossad chief to apologise for illegal use of UK passports in Dubai killing Wikileaks  Iran recruiting Ninja Assassins! India is new top stop for world leaders seeking deals As this adolescent century unfolds, four competing civilizations will shape it. This new contest of civilizations could determine the balance of power between nations and regions for generations.  Al Jazeera has put out their Top 10 stories of 2010.  I think it's more deserving of our traffic and attention than Time's Bogus Person of the Year gag, not to mention all the other pointless polls people try to influence.   WikiLeaks has not been convicted of a crime. The US Justice Department has not even pressed charges. Nonetheless, the financial industry is trying to shut it down! This decisions came after Assange said it will release data revealing corruption in the financial industry PirateBay Takedown and Changes to Swedish Intellectual Property/Civil Liberties Legislation Exposed to be Heavily Influenced by the American Government According to WikiLeak Cables Released to the Swedish Piracy Party (Google Translate) For more than six months, Wired's Senior Editor Kevin Poulsen has refused to publish key evidence in the arrest of U.S. Army PFC Bradley Manning for allegedly acting as WikiLeaks' source.  Wired is owned by Conde Nast, owners of reddit.com Wikileaks The DEA has been transformed into a global intelligence organization with a reach that extends far beyond narcotics, and uses eavesdropping operations against world politicians The government of Syria was active in organizing the 2006 riots that erupted across the Arab world following the publication of controversial cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed, Oslo daily Aftenposten reported Monday [December 27, 2010], quoting US diplomatic cables released by website WikiLeaks. How did the media miss this? Wikileaks cable exposes secret ninja contract killers in Iran  Today Khodorkovsky was convicted once more  because he dared to oppose Russian Prime Minister Putin. Here is the trancript of his closing statement A moving and powerful plea for democracy. Worth a read. Syrian support for attack on Danish embassy 
[WikiLeaks] WikiLeaks cyber warriors, a virtual game of dominoes that was set off by WikiLeaks and Julian Assange and is being carried on by global media, free speech activists and cyber warriors who want access to the information that only WikiLeaks is willing to share, plus a still life 2009 retrospective. German prosecutors are investigating whether two Russian dissidents living in Berlin have been poisoned More than 1,500 stage protest in central Moscow against xenophobia following the deadly shooting of a Russian football fan Nigerian Muslims Slaughter 38 Christians  South Korean President Lee Myungbak has told his nation it must unite in the face of military aggression from the North. Khodorkovsky verdict lays bare Russian injustice  Fred Hargesheimer, a World War II Army pilot whose rescue by Pacific islanders led to a life of giving back as a builder of schools and a teacher, died here Thursday. He was 94. Merkel Government Split ahead of Mandate Vote  Most in Germany would like to see their troops return home from Afghanistan ASAP  and Foreign Minister Westerwelle has adopted the position as his own. But many in the Merkel government disagree and Westerwelle has powerful detractors. Cuban medics in Haiti put the world to shame (UK Independent) WikiLeaks rule of law in Mikhail Khodorkovsky trial merely 'gloss'. US dismisses Russian efforts to show due process in tycoon's trial as 'lipstick on a political pig' Afghan police part of the problemCorruption in the lawenforcement service has become so endemic that a provincial governor has decided to speak out. Britain's big freeze death toll hits 300 every day Nearly 300 more people a day died when freezing temperatures hit at the start of this month, new figures show. Train Carrying Gifts for N. Korea's Heir Derailed. Rabbi threatens civil war at rally There will be a civil war and the creation of a new, autonomous entity...should the government evacuate even the smallest West Bank settlement. Opposition to the Euro Grows in Germany  The number of grassroots initiatives against the common currency is increasing, and political observers say a Tea Partystyle antieuro movement could do well. Thousands rally in Moscow against ethnic violence b'McCain Slams Supreme Court's Guantanamo Ruling, Calling It One of the Worst in History' b'What women find erotic Looking at a naked man walking on the beach is about as exciting as looking at landscapes. Women find naked women more arousing. ' Palestinians barred from Dead Sea beaches to 'appease Israeli settlers' b'A jury in Quebec has acquitted a man of firstdegree murder in the deadly shooting of a Laval police officer who raided his home last year.' b'The Times makes 200 years of newspapers online available' b'Japanese are now required to have their waistlines measured and must be below 35 inches. What if this happened in America?' b'EU Dictators May Ram Through Lisbon Treaty Despite Irish Rejection' b'Tiny teenager from India is smallest girl in the world1ft tall only!' b'We don't have a clue where he is or even may be, the Western analyst said. We have had NO credible intelligence on Osama bin Laden since 2001.' German Papers Say 'Many Have Lost Faith in America' Because of Bush b'So Much for Improvement in Iraq Militia Leader alSadr Calls For New Offensive Against US Forces' b'Ukrainian female students stripped off in protest over hot water' b'EU referendum Czech president says Lisbon Treaty project is over' b'In Canada, the government will take your children if you hold unpopular beliefs' b'See for Yourself Eyewitness Testimony from 9/11 [vid]' b'Mugabe vows the opposition will never lead Zimbabwe and threatens civil war. Meanwhile his rival for the presidency is rearrested. ' Prostitution  Unheard of During the Taliban's Rule  Is Now Common in Afghanistan b'340 Taliban militants escape after Kandahar prison is attacked with car bomb and rockets' b'Popularity of palm oil pushing orangutans towards extinction? Producers resist movement to force food manufacturers to list palm oil on product labels' b'EU leaders vow to press on with treaty after defeat' b'6.9 earthquake rattles Japan ' b'Bill Presses Iraq to Recognize Israel' President of Jewish National Fund's Florida zone arrested on prostitution charges in connection with a Craigslist sting New Israeli homes are 'unlawful'  Palestinian leaders have criticised Israeli plans to build more than 1,000 new Jewish homes on occupied land in East Jerusalem.  b'European Lobbying Transparency Cyber Action' b'Philippine man loses own life after saving 30' b'As of now the Pirate Party won 2.1% of votes in the German federal election' HIVpositive travelers can't enter the USA, one of only 15 countries to ban HIVpositive travelers from entry Hey Reddit, the Pirates got 2% of all votes in Germany's elections last night!  Why the French Are Outraged Over Roman Polanski's Arrest b'Looks like Pirates took 2% in German elections. Arr.' b'They repeatedly rejected conventional medical treatment and instead opted for homeopathic remedies.nnThen, against doctors' orders, they took the baby girl to India where her condition deteriorated.nnJudge Peter Johnson concluded it was the most serious case of manslaughter by criminal negligence.' b'Your Internet freedom will be decided over lamb korma tonight. That means you are less important than sheep. Citizens of the EU, prepare to lose your rights. ' b'US issues threat to Pakistan that it may attack Quetta, a major city (pop. 760,000) and provincial capital.' b'Forbes accidentally publishes insider notes on Polanski arrest' b'France proposes law that would require photoshopped images carry warnings to viewers' Silvio Berlusconi targets Michelle Obama in new 'suntan' gibe b'Welcome to the New Germany' b'Two Guantnamo detainees resettle in Ireland' b'Guinea protests turn deady.  At least 58 dead.' b'For years, I have made the joke about Richard Reid 'Just be glad that he wasn't the underwear bomber.' Now, sadly, we have an example of one.' b'Iran launches mediumrange missiles.' b'Rather than communicating with the general public, protesters so isolated become engaged in a rehearsed ritual of confrontations with the police that the police will win.' Two Honduran media organisations that have been critical of the country's interim government have been closed and authorities issued a state of emergency suspending key civil liberties for 45 days.  b'Honduras Suspends Civil Liberties' b'Cuba Pins Hopes on New ForProfit Farms' Outcry over Polanski's detention b'Ghanas Kayayo girls, striving for a better life' b'A Journalist is suing the soontobe new Egyptian dictator, Jamal Mubarak for embezzlement of Billions of pounds ' b'Honduras suspends civil liberties, closes media stations' b'Women working on Chiquitas plantations in Honduras work from 630 a.m. until 7 at night, their hands burning up inside rubber gloves.  Some workers are as young as 14' b'Duct tape cat US teen arrested on animal cruelty charges!' b'Guy goes to Japan to rescue his abducted children, is thrown in jail.' b'The absurd war on drugs. Decades of fighting all over the world, thousands of deaths and no results. But a senseless and unwinnable war may be much easier than addressing the real problems ' b'Boycot campaign against Chiquita, whonbehind the scenes, is supporting those responsible for the coup in Honduras' b'Chinese Develop Special 'Kill Weapon' to Destroy US Aircraft Carriers.' b'Israel's 130 West Bank settlements are illegal under international law, including Article 49; In addition, various UN resolutions condemned Israel's settlement building by declaring they have no legal validity to exist. Yet they do and continue expanding in reckless disregard of the law.' b'US, NATO reach consensus to sanction rigged election in Afghanistan. The...countries involved in the occupation of Afghanistan have signaled their willingness to recognize the reelection of Afghan President Hamid Karzai despite evidence of massive ballotstuffing and fraud in the...elections.' b'Deaths have been reported across Samoa after a powerful 8.3magnitude quake sparked a tsunami and sent residents fleeing to higher ground across the region this morning.' b'Death toll up to at least 157 in Guinea Massacre, with Human Rights groups reporting soldiers bayoneting people and women being stripped and raped in the streets' b'Lead singer of the official band for the Danish neoNazi political party accused of pedophilian' b'Forget about Iraq. Forget about Palestine. Forget about Iran. The Middle Easts next great threat will come from Yemen  an ancient south Arabian state that is currently on the verge of collapse.' b'Taiwanese boy gets even with his father after years of physical abuse.' b'Honduran regime shooting bullets at people's bodies, without restraint... police even beating those passing by to buy provisions' b'Muslim women protest harsh sharia law in Indonesian province' b'Tsunami Update At least 14 dead, 50 injured, due  to tsunami in Samoa.  [The] number of casualties  is expected to rise as the injured arrive from  coastal areas.' b'Nearly 70 percent of Argentine forests lost in a century' b'The oftdelayed European Union report on the August 2008 RussoGeorgian War is finally nearing release, according to officials, and it will conclude what a myriad of other reports in the interim have already concluded that Georgia indeed fired the first shot.' b'Herbie held captive!! DVLA denies selling millions of registration and vehicle records to Castrol  ' APF (American Police Force) In Hardin, Montana. Paramilitary police in Montana. I'd like to be one of the first to point out this is how it (the takeover) began in prenazi Germany. b'Pirate Party fires broadside at German political establishment' b'Tsunami alert after Samoa quake' b'US soldiers killed in Philippines' b'I dont know what kind of stuff you have in New York, Mr. Dong said. But people could strap all sorts of minibombs to pigeon legs.' b'Kazakhstan Remains Ready to House Nuclear Fuel Bank' On November 18, 1992, more than 1,600 scientists, including 104 Nobel laureates, from around the world endorsed a warning. Here's what they said.n b'A new report says investing in girls is one of the best ways to end poverty, because women who are educated are likely to reinvest up to 90 per cent of their income in their family.' In dead of night, U.S. flew 24 nuclear bombs' worth of uranium out of Kazakhstan Did you wonder about the soldier's autobiographical book about the war in Afghanistan that the Danish Gov't tried to supress? Well, here you go (Google Translated) Gangrape killer of lesbian footballer gets life. 'Corrective rape' in South Africa. As if going on a plane isn't a crappy experience already..... Thanks to the BBC, the missile defense debate can be greatly simplified. Here's what former President George W. Bush proposed and what the insane neoconservatives are hyperventilating over... b'Police in Honduras break up protests caused by the return of Zelaya' b'Police raid house in drug bust, see that the resident has a wii, then... drop everything and play wii bowling for hours on end.[vid]' b'How Israel silenced its Gaza war protesters' b'Australian Quadriplegic dies after winning right to starve' b'French riot police have evacuated at least 150 Afghan boys and men from the jungle, a makeshift migrant camp on the Channel coast.' b'The death of the greatest human being who ever lived' b'100 cops outside, 100 cops inside, 100 or so bouncers, 3 bulletproof cars, and a chopper to guard her. Well fuck you Julia Roberts you aint Obama so stop the showoff bitch' Fearing persecution and violence, Jamaica's gays worship in secret churches b'Obama in threeway talks with Israel and Palestine leaders' b'Torture techniques used on suspected terrorists by the Bush administration may have failed to get to the truth, researchers say.' b'Teacher jailed for sex with pupil  Would the female teacher have been jailed if the sex had been with a boy?' b'Besieged Zelaya surrounded by Honduran soldiers' b'Suspect Arrested In Relation To FarmVille Murders sounds like an Onion headline... but is not.' b'Chinese president says to further integrate actions on climate change into economic development' b'The Australia Defence Association has backed a proposal that would see hundreds of Defence properties scattered around the country merged to form super bases.' b'U.S. sees hand of elite Iranian unit in Afghanistan' MI6 to train Gadhafi's guards  Libyan strongman claims he's target for alQaida b'Justine Henin comes out of retirement!!!'