 Being told to kill peaceful civilians is the most brutal thing that ever happened to me, says defected former sniper. A Incredible Rare Look At Life In North Korea [pics] Hama, Syria thousands of antigovernment 
protesters unfurl a milelong flag. Today is dubbed 
the Friday of Go Away by Syrian activists. Danish company restricts death penalty drug Bahrain orders citizens living abroad to spy on other expats and sign 'loyalty pledges' 12 people killed in Jurez in less than 24 hours Hugo Chavez admits cancerous tumor. Germany  When advisers working for a bank recommend a particular stock or bond to an investor, as of July 1 they will also have to hand over a leaflet laying out how the particular financial instrument will work, what risks are involved and how market fluctuations can affect future yields.   Marathon length
China celebrates opening of the world's longest sea bridge  supported by 5,200 pillars A group set up to counter lobbying from the Banking 
sector was officially launched today Massive antigovernment protest in Qaboun, suburb 
of Damascus, today (Friday July 1, 2011). Activists 
claim more than 30,000 people in attendance in 
Qaboun alone. The Syrian government's promises 
of dialogue have done nothing to keep protesters 
off the street. The abuses of austerity A new plan to cut Greeces debt looks doomed to fail Greece to Receive Up to $124 Billion in New EU, IMF Financing  Rebels in Libya's west gain ground Aided by NATO airstrikes, they move within 50 miles of the capital. But they sense a bloodbath coming, with civilians caught in the crossfire. Dominique StraussKahn Will Be The Next President Of France Gazabound boat Greek commandos forced us back Japanese Cancer Expert on the Fukushima Situation Danish drugmaker seeks to prevent use of drug it makes in American executions Fukushima children test positive for internal radiation exposure
 Morocco to vote on King Mohammed's reforms Moroccans are preparing to head to the polls to vote on a series of constitutional amendments and reforms. It's All Greek to Them  
What Europeans just don't get about Greece. Hint Despite appearances, they're not all lazy anarchists. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez reveals he has been stricken with cancer and has undergone surgery in Cuba China arrests 36 for fraud on Alibaba and other sites Chinese police have arrested 36 people connected with operating an online fraud on Alibaba.com and other websites, the company has said. China's communists mark 90th, hail party's success For three months in a row, deforestation rates in the Amazon have risen as much as 400% compared with same months last year Microsoft admits Patriot Act can access EUbased cloud data MD of Microsoft UK, says that cloud data  regardless of where it is in the world  is not protected against the US Patriot Act North Korea someone put a piece of graffito on the wall of a Pyongyang College, so almost all student are drafted into manual labor on the outskirts of the city until April next year BEIJING, China  Woman catches toddler who fell 10 stories Why are Europeans paying less for faster internet connections than US citizens on average. The reason why this is the case, says the report, is one simple word government! The shah jailed my father. Khomeini jailed my sister. Then came my turn to scream. Kuwait will put on trial two citizens for criticizing Gulf Arab ruling families on Twitter Once Greece Goes...  
Excellent read on the EU, eurozone crisis, and coming default(s). Focuses on Greece, of course, but also interesting on Germany and reasons for the divide between politicians and public opinion in both those countries Thailand Elects 1st Female Prime Minister
 Turkey recognizes Libyan rebels as countrys legitimate government Noam Chomsky denounces Hugo Chvez for 
'assault' on democracy, accuses him of 
concentrating too much power in his own hands The United Arab Emirates Getting twitchy about democracy. The Arab awakening is making one of the richest of the Gulf states nervous Secret chamber in an Indian Temple discovered with over $11 Billion dollars of gold and silver treasure. Last year 14,000 people were murdered in Venezuela, three times more than Iraq Top Euro Leader Warns That Greek Sovereignty Will Now Be Massively Limited

 Biofuels land grab in Kenya's Tana Delta fuels talk of war  
Villagers vow to resist as wildlife vanishes and they are driven from their land to make way for waterthirsty crops Islamist Group attacks Cinema showing film about secularism. S. Korea to submit claim on East China Sea shelf to U.N. this year A huge treasure has been found in a Hindu temple in southern India  gold and silver jewelry, coins and precious stones worth billions of dollars. Royal couple heckled in Montreal Israel welcomes Gaza flotilla delays
 French outrage peaks over StraussKahn reversal Chavez defends dictator friends in Middle East Hugo Chavez tarnishes his revolutionary image by siding with the Middle East despots amid protests.
 Budhrai Debbarma The first man in independent India, the first of 1.2 billion, to be asked by the government to identify himself by his caste. Britain's rivers being ruined by demands of water companies  Extraction causing harm, with consumers likely paying the cost  Belarus Lukashenko vows to quell 'revolution plot'  Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko says recent protests against his rule are an attempt to foment revolution in the former Soviet republic. Portugal drug law show results ten years on  Health experts in Portugal said Friday that Portugal's decision 10 years ago to decriminalise drug use and treat addicts rather than punishing them is an experiment that has worked. WikiLeaks and Datacell to sue Visa & MasterCard for engaging in an unlawful, U.S. influenced, financial blockade Greece arrests captain of US Gazabound boat over ship's seaworthiness and for jeopardizing passengers' safety
 The Least Free Places on Earth in 2011   Brown University Study US wars leave 225,000 dead, cost $4.4 trillion. A world with too much freedom is better than one with not enough Propaganda exposed  Official Israeli government websites were forced to remove a video clip of a man claiming to be an American gay rights activist who was banned from participating in the flotilla to Gaza after it was revealed to be a hoax.  China's President Hu Jintao has warned the Communist Party that corruption could cost it the support of the people  in a speech marking 90 years since the party was founded. The Church of England is reviewing its policy towards samesex relationships & considering allowing gay clergy to be ordained as bishops Gaddafi threatens to strike Europe   Jellyfish keep UK nuclear plant shut. An invasion of jellyfish into a cooling water pool at a Scottish nuclear power plant kept its nuclear reactors offline on Wednesday, a phenomenon which may grow more common in future. New Internet Filtering in Pakistan ISP Mobilink now requires all users add proxy 10.215.2.32 port 3128 to browse Internet, with censorship of some political keywords and also web pages hosting news related to Balochistan Hours after search giant Google unveiled networking service Google+, the Chinese govt got the service blocked in the country Kim Jongil's halfbrother placed under house arrest in Pyongyang because his resemblance to his father and founder of the nation, Kim Ilsung, could derail the transfer of power to the Dear Leader's son Japan's desperate 'nuclear gypsies'. Rights groups say country's poorest people are being exploited to repair Fukushima plant. 300,000 protest in Syrian town of Hama. Assad fires local Governor. More than 500 slaves rescued from brick kilns  Gaddafi threatens attacks in Europe against  homes, offices, families, unless NATO halts its campaign of airstrikes against his regime in Libya British farmers forced to pay the cost of supermarket price wars  
As profits soar at the supermarkets, food producers say they are being forced out of business by unfair buying practices French Government Plans to Extend Internet Censorship China has its controversial onechild policy. But in India, health officials are taking a different steer on population control, offering prizes  including a car  for sterilization. Hotel maid who accused Dominique StraussKahn of raping her was reportedly doing double duty as a prostitute, collecting cash on the side from male guests. Mexican marines kill 15 cartel suspects in battle Moroccans overwhelmingly approved constitutional reforms aimed at addressing demands for greater democracy. Members of the February 20 protest movement, however, say the king still retains too much power.
  The Danish parliament in Copenhagen moved on Friday to reintroduce limited border controls in the country by deploying additional customs agents starting Tuesday. In Germany and Brussels, politicians believe the country could be violating the Schengen Agreement on passportfree European travel.  Oil spill off China coast will hurt fishing industry, causing 
 longterm environmental damage  Spill was kept hidden from public for weeks 









 A law passed this morning allows Australian police officers to remove the burqa (or any head coverings) or face 12 months in prison Putin Who gave NATO right to kill Gaddafi? Mexican police arrest Zetas 'cartel boss' Pakistan spy agency behind death of reporter who wrote embarrassing reports suggesting militants had infiltrated the country's military Ontario Court to rule on whether law that makes public nudity criminal is unconstitutional  Horn of Africa hit by worst drought in 60 years North Korean military's morale 'Weakening'.  An increasing number of North Korean military officers and soldiers are caught watching South Korean films or soap operas in barracks Homosexuality a disease, says India health minister at AIDS conference  Egypt clashes after police released on bail. Riots erupt in Cairo court after seven police officers accused of killing protesters during uprising are freed   Met police kettled pupils aged 11 during fee protests, court told | UK news | The Guardian  A Syrian soldier speaks At great personal risk, a soldier inside Syria tells it like it is.
 More than 1,100 people have been shot dead in political violence in the Pakistani city of Karachi since the start of the year. There has been an alarming rise in clashes between settlers and Palestinians in West Bank Britain's richest man to build giant Arctic iron ore mine How Obama's views turned from criticism of US policy towards the PalestinianIsraeli conflict to preventing Americans from participating in the Gaza flotilla. Pakistan's powerful spy agency ISI ordered the killing of a Pakistani journalist who had written scathing reports about the infiltration of militants in the country's military, according to American officials Hama under attack, again. Syrian tanks, soldiers, 
and snipers are descending on the liberated city 
which only days ago witnessed the largest anti
government protests seen since the beginning of 
the uprising. Amnesty International has called for a UNbacked investigation into the violence in Syria, saying the regime's crackdown on prodemocracy protesters may constitute crimes against humanity. Gaddafi would go in exchange for security Report Five things you can do to demand Murdoch owned News of the World tabloid be fully investigated before News International buy a controlling stake of BSkyB UN President We Won't Accept Regimes Who Kill Their People British MPs are alarmed by 6.3bn of missing  defence assets Mexico captures alleged Zetas gang founder 'El Mamito', Jesus Rejon Aguilar, a Mexican army deserter
 Zimbabwe Man sentenced to 189 years in jail for cattle theft.  Mystery woman drives by a burning building; gets out of car; runs into building and rescues child and then disappears.  The WikiLeaks You Missed From blatant bribery in India to Hugo Chvezs war on Dominos pizza, here are the highlights from the last four months of the secret State Department cables. The UN is aiding a corporate takeover of drinking water; billions of dollars are being given out to the most ardent promoters of water privatization Missing Milly Dowler's voicemail was hacked by Rupert Murdoch's News of the World newspaper Iceland considers making cigarettes pescriptiononly. Rare Earth Deposits 1000X those on land found in the Pacific. Leaked Emails Reveal UK Government Conspiracy To Downplay Fukushima Nuclear Disaster Hidden treasure unearthed at Indian temple valued at $22billion Danish company prevents US prison officials from using a drug it makes to execute prisoners South Korea will spend $2.4 billion buying tablets for students and digitizing materials in an effort to go completely digital in the classroom by 2015 A pipeline carrying gas from Egypt to Israel and Jordan has been hit by an explosion In Australia, NSW police given power to remove veils Otto von Habsburg, the last crown prince of Austria Hungary, dead at 98.  He accomplished a lot in his life, despite having his country torn apart and disown him. As part of compromise intended to end flotilla affair, Greece offers to transport humanitarian aid to Gaza using Greek governmental ships. Israel accepts offer. G20 Toronto  1 Year Later  Pressing for a public inquiry. EU cloud data can be secretly accessed by US authorities Gaza flotilla Some questions for the activists sailing to Gaza.  By Christopher Hitchens  Slate Magazine
         Russia discovers Americanstyle capitalism;  completes record bailout of fifth largest bank French See StraussKahn Case as American Folly  Pakistani Military Still Cultivates Militant Groups, a Former Fighter Says Yemen's youth have lost control of the revolution they began ComputerHacking Group Targets Apple In Latest Attack Germany ends conscription Treasure worth $22 billion discovered in secret vaults of Indian Hindu temple Robocops to patrol 2014 World Cup using glasses equipped with facial recognition software. b'Gorbachev forms new Russian party opposing Putin' Ahmadinijad's willingness to accept Israel  why do we always here the other side of the story? Olmert Says Israel Must Withdraw From 'Almost All' of Occupied Territories Mexican Violence Forcing Families to Migrate Extreme poverty isn't the only reason people are fleeing Mexico these days b'America Loses Its Dominant Economic Role' b'French Muslims Find Haven in Catholic Schools ' Meanwhile There's A War Going On... Remember Iraq? b'Scores die in India temple crush' REAL Somalian pirate story, ship was not iranian, but ukranian, and was not carrying WMD's b'Venezuela to build nuclear technology with Russia ' b'Bus collides with milk tanker, 35 dead in Pakistan ' b'Moscow already has a Trophy Museum of the Georgian War' b'A stampede at a hilltop temple in western India killed more than 147 people and wounded 55 others who had gathered to celebrate the start of a religious holiday.' b'197 dead in temple stampede in India' b'ZIMBABWE Farm animals bartered to stave off hunger' b'Pakistani Refugees Pour Into Afghanistan' Pakistan's Taliban chief possibly dead from kidney failure. b'Good News Gurkhas win right to stay in UK ' b'Petraeus Pakistan Facing Existential Threat' b'Nearly 150 Die in India Temple Stampede' b'Rich Flanders seeks more autonomy' b'Chinesemade cookies with elevated levels of melamine found in the Netherlands' b'China is Trying a Policy of Engagement with Rogue America, to Help Moderate U.S. Behavior' b'Olmert disavows Greater Israel' b'Voters in Ecuador Approve New Constitution' British Journalist Sexually Assaulted in Cairo's Tahrir Square.... Men began to rip off my clothes, she wrote. I was stripped naked......These men, hundreds of them, had turned from humans to animals. 2500 year old ancient Phoenician port destroyed to build skyscrapers German secret service destroys files on neoNazi terrorist gang.
Vital information was shredded on the day it was due to be handed to federal prosecutors China's first woman in space returns to Earth Man sets himself on fire outside Birmingham job 
centre, apparently over a payment he had not 
received. Anonymous hacks the website of a minor countryside river authority, instead of the central Japanese government, because the first half of the name is the same spelling. United Technologies Corp on Thursday admitted selling China software that helped Beijing develop its first modern military attack helicopter, one of hundreds of export control violations over nearly two decades. Syrian tanks amass near Turkish border 91000 seals in Namibia to be clubbed and shot to death in a few weeks time. China blocks Bloomberg website after report on wealth of next presidents extended family Troops Are Piling Up On Both Sides Of The SyriaTurkey Border today about 170 Syrian tanks assembled north of Aleppo, yesterday Turkey deployed at least 30 Turkish military vehicles equipped with antiaircraft rocket launchers to the border, straight west of Aleppo



 The oldest known samples of pottery have been unearthed in southern China. Forbidden Drink Why Alcoholism Is Soaring in Officially BoozeFree Iran   With a worsening economy, thriving black market, and prohibitionenforced absence of social norms, Iranians' heavy drinking may be turning into a public health crisis. Julian Assange told to turn himself in at London police station  WikiLeaks founder seeking political asylum inside Ecuador's London embassy is served with surrender notice BBC News  Julian Assange 'declines' police order Chinese spacecraft returns to Earth  China's Shenzou 9 spacecraft has completed its mission, bringing the first Chinese woman into space. The astronauts completed a crucial docking test meant to pave the way for building a manned Chinese space station.  Egyptian officials sentenced over Israel gas deal According to officials, the men were charged with undermining the interests of Egypt and exporting gas to Israel at below market value. Germany caved in to demands for less stringent bailouts and direct aid to banks Julian Assange is not leaving the Ecuadorian Embassy any time soon Japan ignores protests to resume nuclear power  Telegraph NeoNazi Cell Scandal German Intelligence Agency under Fire for Shredding Files   Police intercept $35M of counterfeit Italian train tickets en route from China Thousands flee floods in India's Assam state  At least 27 people killed and about a million people shifted as the swollen Brahmaputra river swamps villages. Destination Europe  The Sahara Desert's Forgotten Refugees  With ambushes, illness and police persecution, the journey through the Sahara to Algeria is a path of misery and danger. Fires threaten to 'extinguish' critical Indonesian orangutan population   Conservationists claim a massive new wave of fires has been set in Tripa peat swamp to make way for palm oil plantations
 In Mexico, it's taken as fact that the United States is backing the drug cartels... Sweden to give illegal immigrants healthcare Half of German teenagers unable to distinguish between democracy and dictatorship, study shows Dotcom searches illegal Judge. Also ruled it was unlawful for copies of Dotcom's computer data to be taken offshore. (NZ Herald) Circumcision ruling condemned by Germany's Muslim and Jewish leaders 
German court rules that procedure is bodily harm and contravenes right to choose religion in later life
 Top CIA Spy Accused of Being a Mafia Hitman Turkey deploying a substantial convoy of troops and about 30 military vehicles, including trucks loaded with missile batteries and antiaircraft rocket launchers, to the Syrian border Months After Protest, Female Russian Rockers Still Jailed  
A female punkrock band staged a provocative political protest in Feb. at Moscow's Orthodox cathedral. 3 have been jailed since, & the Russian Orthodox Church is demanding harsh punishment in a case that's become a national issue. Is Mexico backing off its drug war?  The presidential election is Sunday and the leading candidates are all being deliberately vague about the rampant cartel violence and what they plan to do Brazil tribes occupy hydroelectric dam site  Americas  Al Jazeera English S. Korea and Japan Plan Military Pact BBC News  More banks face interest rate rigging investigation.  And no one goes to jail. Why the world doesn't have real leaders anymore.  TransPacific Partnership Canadians would see Internet freedoms curtailed under the TransPacific Partnership (TPP) currently being negotiated among a dozen Pacific Rim countries Barclays bosses have serious questions to answer, warns David Cameron Majority of Catalans for independence from Spain Exceptionally Troubling Ruling In The UK Owners Of Links Site Guilty Of 'Conspiracy To Defraud' Arctic seaice levels at record low for June Scientists say that the latest observations suggest that Arctic sea ice cover is continuing to shrink and thin  Barclays shamed by 290m fine for market fixing  Business News  Business  The Independent Tuscan village goes up for sale on eBay. 2.5m for the medieval village of Pratariccia. Merkel faces tensions at key euro summit in Brussels Olympic roof missiles residents to launch legal action  East Londoners seek injunction to stop surfacetoair missiles being stationed on their building during London 2012 Games 14 Year Old N. Korea Girl Dies Saving Kim Portraits European Union leaders have signaled that their latest summit will set the stage for a dramatic rethinking of the economic and political edifice that underlies the euro currency. Iranian authorities preparing to carry out death sentences against two men convicted of drinking alcohol 12 year old girl ends life to donate eyes to dad & a kidney to her brother What The Papers Wont Say  
On Britain's phonehacking scandal. Obviously, News of the World and News International are to blame. But so are politicians of both sides, for being frightened of Rupert Murdoch. And other newspapers, for keeping quiet about it Powerful 7.8 earthquake hits New Zealand For The Moment, Visa And MasterCard Reopen Payments To WikiLeaks NYT supports UN report that warned against overzealous attempts by democratic states to  censor the Internet. Nobody should be banned from the Internet. It is a fundamental tool for enabling free speech More Advertisers Boycott News Of The World Ford, Mitsibushi, The Cooperative Group, Vauxhall, Lloyds Banking Group and Virgin Holidays have suspended adverts in the News Of The World over phone hacking claims James Murdoch announces News of the World to close amid phonehacking scandal (BBC) North Korea paid Pakistan for nuclear weapons technology The Royal British Legion has cut ties with the News of the World as its campaigning partner amid claims the paper may have hacked into the mobile phones of bereaved military families. Now London Police probe the 'The Sun' While a bit dated, this shows that the wikileaks cables paint a far more nuanced picture of American diplomacy than simply one of nefarious manipulation The Big Three rating agencies can determine the fate of entire countries. Now Portugal is under pressure after Moody's downgraded its debt to junk status. European politicians want to create an alternative, even though they helped give so much power to the agencies in the first place. Just so you don't think that 'News of the World' was a one time thing, here are the Top 10 NewsCorp scandals David Cameron is in the sewer The disgusting revelations concerning his friends and associates from Rupert Murdochs News International has permanently and irrevocably damaged his reputation Rupert Murdoch Meets His Ahab Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson to be arrested over phone hacking Today Kenya becomes the first country in Africa to launch a national open data initiative.  Another priest, more victims of predatory sexual behavior, but this time in a country basically run by the Vatican. (They only reopened the case after the Vatican found the priest guilty.) Extra points for guessing the country before reading.  South Sudan the birth of a new republic Iraq abuse ruling by European court says UK failed human rights role | World news | guardian.co.uk  Last Wild Camels in China Could be Saved with Embryonic Transfer Technique Perfected in U.A.E.  Pakistan Expands Nuke Arsenal Is Murdoch free to destroy tabloid's records? | Reuters MediaFile Portugal Celebrates 10 Year Anniversary of Decriminalizing Drugs  EU Upset by Microsoft Warning About US Access to EU Cloud Members of European Parliament demand to know what lawmakers intend to do about the conflict between the EU's Data Protection Directive and the US Patriot Act b'Adopted man decides to look for his real parents. Turns out his dad is Charles Manson.' b'If this is proven correct, it will be a very, very big discovery because we'll completely change the way we think about MS, and how we'll treat it,' Iran uses interview from 'The Daily Show' as proof Canadian journalist was a spy; jails and tortures him for 118 days Children should be allowed to get dirty, according to scientists who have found being too clean can impair the skin's ability to heal | isn't that a bit obvious?  The authorities knew it was deadly more than 100 years ago, but it was only banned entirely in 1999. Asbestos fibres can lie dormant in victims' lungs for up to half a century; deaths from asbestos in Britain will continue to rise, peaking at 5,000, until 2016 b'Russia has now turned into a criminal state, according to the man who was once its leading foreign investor.' New Japanese gov't finds documents proving nuclear weapons pact with US that the last Japanese gov't claimed didn't exist. b'Secret files show UK courts were misled over 9/11 suspect Lotfi Raissi, an innocent man accused of training the 9/11 hijackers who was jailed for five months' b'An Interview with Matthew Hoh, the diplomat who resigned over the Afghanistan war If Matthew Hoh could tell you one thing to help you understand the U.S.s predicament in Afghanistan, hed tell you the presence of our ground combat troops is not doing anything to defeat alQaida.' b'Saudi scholar condemns new university for allowing the mingling of men and women which he called a great depravity. Mingling is apparently like what Southern racists used to call integration, men and women working, studying and socializing together. ' Russia 'is now a criminal state'  'They basically said to him if you sign the following false confessions then we'll give you medical treatment, otherwise we won't' A Chinese dissident was sentenced on Monday to three years in prison after criticising the government's response to the 2008 Sichuan earthquake that killed about 90 000 people. b'Brazil is trying to make its name in the field of diplomacy, by meeting with Irans president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Monday. America has thus far failed to work positively with Iran, could Brazil take over as the Middle East moderator??  ' A British company sells 85 million $ worth of fancy dowsing rods to Iraq's government, they are now being used to 'detect' bombs at checkpoints. Drug war hits Mexico's Mennonites b'Chinese Human Rights Lawyers Interrogated for trying to meet Obama' UK men 'deserting' Indian brides Does humanity's error come down to a simple lack of  maturity, like a sixyearold confronted with a choice of  dinner between broccoli and ice cream? b'Haiti  Id never seen so many people working so hard with so little to show for it. Whatever effort you make, it gets almost eaten up by population growth. You are basically running to stand still.' Iran's  plan  to  ditch  Tehran  echoed  in  Ancient  World    Middle  East    Independent.co.uk Wouldbe Mexican President says 'mafia' has taken over Let God Sort 'Em Out Airstrike accidentally kills Afghan soldiers and policemen b'World Population Highlights 2007 Overview of World Population' b'Not Clinton I have not had sex with her and the idea that I would have sex between meetings in my office in Parliament Office while Parliament was sitting is so patently ridiculous' b'Could it get more surreal than this? Israeli state claims part of an Arab while its owners reside in it.' Canadian version of SOPA is close to becoming law, I don't know why this isn't getting more attention Nationalisation Uruguay's law allowing state to sell cannabis could be adopted across Latin America in defiance of US European Court Says Getting Sick on Vacation Means You Get a DoOver  All 27 countries in the EU will be held to the court's decision. Shouryya Ray, 16YrOld 'Genius,' Did Not Solve Newton's 350YrOld Problem The president of Paraguay has been impeached. World adopts Rio+20 declaration, pledges $513 billion for sustainable development projects  In a huge victory for emerging countries like India and Brazil, the world leaders adopted 'The Future We Want' declaration on sustainable development. Syria admits to shooting down Turkish fighter jet Caterpiller delisted from influential ethical investing index for role in Israel's armored tractor use. TIAACREF divests $72M; others may follow. Turkey will take retaliatory steps against Syria for the downing of one of its military jets, President Abdullah Gul said Saturday. Alan Turing Inquest's suicide verdict 'not supportable'. The British mathematical genius and codebreaker born a hundred years ago on 23 June, may not have committed suicide, as is widely believed. Syria 'shoots down Turkish fighter jet'  Telegraph Chinese Data Said to Be Manipulated, Understating Slowdown  NYTimes.com Report Saudis will pay salaries of rebel Syria army Officials in charge of @sweden Twitter account seriously considering handling it over to Stephen Colbert Saudi Arabia plans to fund Syria rebel army US Warns of Imminent Threat of Attack in Mombasa   Embassy in Kenya warns of an imminent attack on the port  & asks all its government workers to leave Israel complains to UN over Hamas rockets on South Syrian civilians hit hard by spreading violence  Her daughter, 8, often hides in a closet, terrified of flying bullets. Her son, 6, still asks for his father months after he turned up in a morgue. And the family has little income because her brotherinlaw was killed too. Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority the (mis)application of European and international law by the UK Supre Fox correspondent named senior Vatican communications adviser Gaza terrorists fire 22 rockets at Sderot area, hitting school and factory. 150 rockets in 6 days U.S. seeks return to SE Asian bases  The Washington Post A new type of coup rightwing congress ousts leftwing president in Paraguay. European courts pass a new law saying workers who get sick on vacation are entitled to another vacation.  Japan Opens Door to Acquiring Nuclear Weapons BBC News  India unblocks The Pirate Bay and other sharing sites Japan Passes JailforDownloaders AntiPiracy Law CIA secretly operates on Syrian border, supplies arms to rebels. It is easier to send 30,000 women abroad to study than to let one woman drive, says a Saudi diplomat. Turkey says warplane lost off Syria Drone strikes threaten 50 years of international law, says UN rapporteur Julian Assange's first interview from Ecuadorian 
Embassy (Transcript) Turkey drops antiabortion legislation  Government withdraws controversial plan to slash time limit for abortions after mounting pressure from civil society. Two children hospitalized in London after a pub chef spiked chocolate puddings with ecstasy. Another customer had an out of body experience. Explosives found at Sweden nuclear plant; Nation raises security alert at all 10 reactors
 Suicide leading cause of death for India youths In contrast to patterns usually seen in wealthier countries, the highest suicide rates in India are among young, wealthy and highly educated people. Uganda says gays now free to meet This is the first time the government is making a statement that appears to recognize the rights of gay people in Uganda, where most homosexuals remain closeted for fear of attacks, and it seemed to take even the activists by surprise. Thousand of protesters fill Tahrir Square against interference in Egypt's transition to democracy Israeli airline El Al stops transporting research primates; El Al will not fly monkeys meant to be used for experiments. Period.  A huge North Korean flag disappeared behind a tower of flames and thick black smoke Friday as South Korean fighter jets and U.S. attack helicopters fired rockets in the allies' biggest joint livefire drills since the Korean War. Starving Greeks queue for food in their thousands as debtladen country forms a coalition government.
 Circumcision for Zimbabwe's MPs  A group of Zimbabwean MPs are getting circumcised as part of a campaign to reduce HIV and Aids cases  Ecuador president vows to take time on Assange decision  Scotland Yard says the WikiLeaks founder has breached his bail conditions WikiLeaks' Assange says ready for life in Ecuador He fears that if sent to Sweden, he would then be extradited to the United States where he believes he could face criminal charges punishable by death.  Deaths of Hostages Held by Somali Pirates Increasing The number of hostages killed or injured by Somali pirates increased significantly last year.  Levels of violence against seafarers in coastal waters around east Africa & the Gulf of Aden also remained high. BBC News  Syria rebels accused of massacring 25 people in village Paper on altering bird flu to be published despite bioterror concerns U.S. politicians are tempted to blame Chinese currency manipulation for the countrys economic woes. China though has appreciated its currency by nearly 40 percent in real terms since 2005. Moody's downgrades 15 major global banks Muslim pair accused of planning jihad bomb attack on Jews in Britain | Guardian ACTA rejected by last committee, crucial blow before final EU Parliament vote 'The Internet, in all its diversity, winning a global political battle against some of the most powerful industries and governments' The United States has immunity from a class action related to the governmentsponsored infection of hundreds of Guatemalans with syphilis, a federal judge ruled, calling the study a deeply troubling chapter in our nation's history. Pirate Bay Disarms BT Blockade Within Minutes Experts say Assanges asylum bid could work The government of Ecuador has a capacity under international law to grant Assange political asylum, in which case he would be eligible to enjoy protected passage from UK to Ecuador Uruguay Aims to Legalize Marijuana  It's unveiled a plan to allow statecontrolled sales of marijuana to fight a rise in drugrelated crime Cuts Leave Greek Heritage in Ruins   Research & excavations are being abandoned. Museums can no longer afford security & are being plagued by armed robbers. Organized criminals are exploiting the chaos in an explosion of illegal digs & the trafficking of antiquities.

 After seriously considering sending out 3 strikes warning letters to filesharers, today Denmark will officially announce the abandoning of the idea. Instead, it will focus on the development of legal services The first tourist flight into space is scheduled for next year, and it's cheaper than you'd think. China was recently caught selling trucks that could allow North Korea to make its missiles mobile, a violation of UN sanctions. With North Korea having nukes, nuclear missiles could be a next step.  Mexico drugs war 'This is a hell that is just too big' Mexico arrests son of top drug lord 'El Chapo' Guzman Private security company chief predicts mass privatisation of police A Controversial law that allows hunters into national parks has been passed by New South Wales Parliament following hours of fractious debate  Critics  fear it'll open 100s of parks recreational hunters.  It'll compromise the safety of every single person in our national parks.  C.I.A. Said to Aid in Steering Arms to Syrian Opposition Moody's cuts ratings of 15 global banks Explosives found at Sweden nuclear site Uganda to Ban 38 Organizations That Promote Homosexuality  Country's ethics & integrity minister claims banned NGOs exist to destroy the traditions & culture of this country The Coming Oil Crash   By Steve LeVine  | Foreign Policy Julian Assange asylum move is 'a tragedy' for his accusers, says lawyer  Lawyer representing two women who accuse WikiLeaks founder of sexual assault says he still expects extradition to go ahead
 Romania exPM Adrian Nastase in suicide attempt  Former Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase has attempted to commit suicide by shooting himself in the neck.  Iran to build more ships, boost naval presence The prosecutions closing argument in Breivik case Reasonable doubt whether he was sane. Therefore no criminal conviction, but forced psykiatric care. Doctors strike in UKwide protest over pensions They oppose government moves to increase pension contributions and introduce a later retirement age. In a ballot of 104,000 members of the British Medical Association, the majority voted for a strike. Russia May Change How It Calculates Oil Price to try and negate its dependency on oil sales We are pretty concerned about this. That's why the government is coming up with rules to decrease the dependence on oil Recent tribal clashes in Libya leave over 100 dead, over 500 injured Julian Assange flees Seeks asylum in Ecuadorian embassy in London Med Student Rescues Body Part From Airport Security  El Salvador murders drop as gang truce passes 100 days The gangs, Mara Salvatrucha and Barrio 18, agreed a halt to hostilities, in a deal brokered by the Catholic Church. Ecuador says Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is seeking asylum at its embassy in London  The Washington Post 100 scientific academies around the globe... report that if birthrates and overconsumption continue unabated, largescale famine, drought, disease and war lie ahead... 19 tons of marijuana dumped into the ocean near US/Mexico border  Vannak Prum was forced to work on a Thai fishing boat for 3 yrs before escaping by jumping overboard.  Rogue captains buy men like Prum from traffickers & use them to plunder the fishing grounds of surrounding nations. One expert calls it a perfect storm of slavery & environmental degradation. Englishman calling religion a fairy tale for adults could be arrested, say police. Because he's an atheist, the police are telling him he could be arrested for the threatening message he put on his door  Man Beheaded For Sorcery, Witchcraft In Saudi Arabia The real reason Julian Assange sought asylum Liberian effort to end female circumcision runs into fierce opposition BBC News  'Hostages held' in Toulouse bank Julian Assange Flees Extradition, Seeks Asylum From Ecuador 'AlQaida' gunman takes hostages in Toulouse bank Uganda to ban NGOs accused of promoting gay rights; A bill calling for harsh penalties against homosexuals and outlawing the promotion of homosexuality, including providing financial support to gays and lesbians, is pending in the east African country's parliament. Netherlands rejects bill banning kosher slaughter; Jewish groups claim victory The bill was harshly criticized during the debate in the upper house for contradicting the constitutional right to freedom of religion and ritual observance of faith. Ottawa airport wired with microphones as Border Services prepares to record travellers conversations ExRomania PM shoots self after court's sentence Romania's prime minister says one of his predecessors has shot himself and was in the hospital, just hours after a court upheld the expremier's twoyear prison sentence on corruption charges. Thousands flee as typhoon heads for Tokyo  A powerful typhoon has forced the evacuation of thousands of people in Japan, and the cancellation of hundreds of flights. Egypt's state news agency MENA reports former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is clinically dead.  Ottawa has put the brakes on a hightech eavesdropping program that would allow authorities to listen in on conversations taking place at border crossings and airports. Public Safety Minister Vic Toews asked the Canadian Border Services Agency to halt the contentious program on Tuesday Unmanned drones being used to combat poachers in Nepal Romania sends exprime minister Nastase to jail for corruption  Yahoo! News Deadly suicide attack hits Afghan city Legalizing Ecstasy Would Save Lives, Says a Canadian Health Officer Australians and New Zealanders are the biggest users of recreational drugs, particularly cannabis, according to the 2012 United Nations World Drug Report. The Arab awakenings happened because the Arab peoples stopped fearing their leaders  but they stalled because the Arab peoples have not stopped fearing each other. Rupert Murdoch forced to break up News Corp  The war on drugs is a failure that is fuelling the global HIV/AIDS epidemic by driving people away from treatment, an international group says. Canada falls out of top fifty in global freedom of information rankings (from r/Canada) In a remarkable statement, the copyright monopoly fundamentalist Marielle Gallo  of the Gallo Report infamy  says that the citizens of Europe who have been campaigning against ACTA are terrorists UK ready to take on Israel over fate of children clapped in irons Syrian President Bashar alAssad declared on Tuesday that his country was at war and ordered his new government to spare no effort to achieve victory, as the worst fighting of the 16month conflict reached the outskirts of the capital. Why are Young Indians Killing Themselves?   Suicide has become the 2nd leading cause of death among the country's young adults, after road accidents in men, & childbirthrelated complications in women.  40% of the men & 56% of women who took their lives in 2010 were age 1529. The Ecuadorian embassies in US and Britain have received over 10,000 messages in support of political asylum for Julian Assange Attack on Greek Microsoft Office  Gunmen set fire to the place in Athens Irish vigilate group hunting drug dealers, in hopes to rid the area of drugs.  The pacific nation of Palau ranks first in cannabis consumption, with nearly 25 percent of citizens having smoked in the past year.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel sought to bury once and for all the idea of common euro zone bonds on Tuesday, saying Europe would not share total debt liability as long as I live, as the bloc's big four finance ministers met to narrow differences on how to solve a worsening debt crisis. Assad says Syria at war as battle reaches capital Syrian rebels destroy goverment  TV station Online and on the streets, Mexico youth protests grow as election looms Founder and 4 senior members of Singapore's largest megachurch arrested for misappropriating church funds. TransCanada Wins 1 of 3 US Permits for Keystone Pipeline in Galveston District   2 more permits are needed to finish the line's southern section, rebranded the Gulf Coast project.  Environmentalists argue it fosters more tar sands development in Alberta & have asked the EPA to intervene. Second boat sinks off Christmas Island A boat carrying an estimated 150 people has capsized north of Christmas Island, Australian officials say, a week after an asylumseeker boat sank in the area. China proposes $10bn loan [and currency swaps] for Latin America countries [MERCOSUR] Britain's Queen Elizabeth is to shake the hand of a oncefeared commander of the IRA on Wednesday to seal end of one of Europe's bitterest conflicts, which cost the lives of thousands of soldiers and civilians, including her cousin Putin to Israel Beware of wars that are 'not that smart', such as the ones in Iraq and Afghanistan. Germany v France The eurozone's next big battle? Germany bans Circumcisions  Circumcision of kids a crime  German court Mall collapse in Northern Ontario leaves 1 dead, 30 unaccounted for ... rescue crews are still unabe to enter the wreckage HPV vaccine ban by Calgary bishop putting girls' lives at risk, doctors say Boxes where parents can leave an unwanted baby, common in medieval Europe, have been making a comeback over the last 10 years. Supporters say a heated box, monitored by nurses, is better for babies than abandonment on the street  but the UN says it violates the rights of the child. Syria fires on second Turkish plane Shootout at Mexico City airport kills three police officers Prominent Americans urge Ecuador to accept Julian Assange's asylum request Imagining the Unthinkable The Disastrous Consequences of a Euro Crash  As the debt crisis worsens in Spain and Italy, financial experts are warning of the catastrophic consequences of a crash of the euro the destruction of trillions in assets and record high unemployment levels, even in Germany. Turkish PM vows to help 'liberate Syria from dictatorship' Erdogan lashed out at Syria, saying it poses threat to Turkeys national security, calling Syrian government tyrants. He warned that any Syrian troops approaching Turkish borders would be dealt with as a military target Not an accident, now it was self defense  Syria warns NATO Three ultraOrthodox Jewish men have been arrested in Israel, suspected of defacing the national Holocaust memorial with antiZionist graffiti. Travelers run for cover as cops kill cops at Mexico City airport Pandemic H1N1 Flu Killed Far More Than Reported The pandemic H1N1 flu in 2009 may have killed more than 500,000 people around the world, 15 times more than reported (from r/globalhealth) After Rio, we know. Governments have given up on the planet The postsummit pledge was an admission of defeat against consumer capitalism. But we can still salvage the natural world. China has pumped billions of dollars into the African nation of Chad's oil infrastructure. Chad's dictator has used the money to maintain power and bribe the populace with cheap oil.  EU Commissioner Reveals He Will Simply Ignore Any Rejection Of ACTA By European Parliament Next Week  World's oldest bank in Italy 'wants 3bn state aid' Both Koreas suffering worst drought in a century North Korea dispatched soldiers to pour buckets of water on parched fields and South Korean officials scrambled to save a rare mollusk threatened by the heat as the worst dry spell in a century gripped the Korean peninsula. New details of UK piracy monitoring plan made public It gives copyright holders three times longer to produce evidence against alleged pirates, and it seriously reduces the right of appeal for the alleged pirates 4 presidents propose upping power of eurozone authorities over national governments Video shows police manhandling protester during Tel Aviv rally  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Syrian forces fire at second Turkish plane Turkey said on Monday Syrian forces had fired towards a Turkish military transport plane involved in a search for an F4 reconnaissance jet shot down by Syria last week Egyptian court says army cannot arrest civilians Turkey said Monday it would push NATO to consider Syrias downing of a Turkish jet as an attack on the whole military alliance. New strain of TB resistant to all currently available treatments  Lonesome George The lastofit'skind Galapagos Tortoise has died at 100. The Koran is our constitution, the Prophet is our leader, jihad is our path and death in the name of Allah is our goal, Egypt's new president, Mohammed Morsi End of 'compassionate Conservatism' as David Cameron details plans for crackdown on welfare WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange Monday called for diplomatic guarantees he will not be pursued by the United States for publishing secret documents if he goes to Sweden to face criminal allegations. Google has set out to save the world's dying languages. In an alliance with scholars and linguists, the Internet powerhouse on Wednesday introduced an Endangered Languages Project website where people can find, share, and store information about dialects in danger of disappearing. Saudi Arabia to let women compete in Olympics for first time Superbug vs. Monsanto Nature rebels against biotech titan. A growing number of rootworms are now able to devour genetically modified corn specifically designed by Monsanto to kill those same pests.  Syria general and two colonels 'defect to Turkey' Fed up mother throws two sons from 15th floor, killing both A Russian woman threw her 4 and 7yearold sons out the window from the 15th floor, with both boys dying before an ambulance arrived. She explained that she was fed up with children and decided to get rid of them Israel army 'game' leaves Palestinian dead Iraq orders Voice of America, 43 other media outlets to close  World News Will we see a 'Mexican Spring'? China celebrates accomplishments in sea and space  deepdiving record in Mariana Trench and manual space docking  on same day Jerusalem to become Egypts capital under Mursis rule, says Muslim cleric at campaign rally to cheering crowd. For London Olympics, Britain calls up the military Ground troops, fighter jets and perhaps missiles will reinforce police in Britain's largest peacetime security operation. Some residents see it as overkill. Wikipedia founder steps in to help UK hacker Dalai Lama Censorship in China morally wrong,  
people should know the truth Lulzsec UK men plead guilty to hacking charges Russian arms ship to make second attempt to deliver helicopters to Syria North Korea condemns 'provocative' naval drills by US and South Korea  Officials called joint military exercises a hostile and politically motivated act, which justified its nuclear expansion programme BBC News  UAE death sentence for British man on 'drugs charge' Censorship in China morally wrong, people should know the truth Dalai Lama Central Africa gunmen have attacked a uranium plant operated by French nuclear power giant Areva in the southeast of the Central African Republic The Moscow Times Moscow Ranked Last for Doing Business LulzSec's Ryan Cleary and Jake Davis plead guilty to hacking institutions including CIA, Soca and News International. Other websites targeted by the pair were Westboro Baptist Church, Bethesda, Eve Online, HBGary, HBGary Federal, PBS Inc and Infragard. Vatican gets Fox media adviser The Fox news correspondent in Rome has been brought in by the Vatican to help improve its communications strategy as it tries to cope with one of its most serious scandals in decades. As Hopes for Reform Fade in Bahrain, Protesters Turn Anger on United States Egypt braces for Islamist president, or army rule
 In North Korea, learning to hate US starts early  A framed poster on the wall of a kindergarten classroom shows brighteyed children brandishing rifles and bayonets as they attack a hapless American soldier, his face bandaged and blood spurting from his mouth. Stop Asking for More Help, Germany Tells Greece Egyptian beats pregnant wife to death for not voting for Mursi Uruguay says pot law won't make it a drug haven Mexico admits accidentally arresting car salesman after parading man to press as son of druglord Joaquin El Chapo Guzman UK soldiers beat innocent Iraqi men in 'black ops' jails but new secret justice law means their torture will be hidden forever Turkey declares jet shootdown by Syria as a hostile act; Syria gave no warning before shooting down the F4 Phantom jet which strayed into its territory Why the West should embrace the Islamists in Egypt | The Economist Turkey Vows to Take Action in Downing of Jet by Syria Fourteen mutilated bodies found outside Mexican supermarket Bolivia Deploys Army to Patrol Streets as Police Across the Country Strike in Protest at Low Pay  Protests turned violent when officers seized control of a police barracks It's one of the last great taboos the murder of at least 20,000 women a year in the name of Honour. Nor is the problem confined to the Middle East the contagion is spreading rapidly Vatican seeks help from Fox News adviser for PR  Mexico elections failure of drugs war leaves nation at the crossroads Homes evacuated as month's worth of rain falls in a day Mohamed Morsi wins the Egyptian presidential election. Crowds at Tahrir Square burst into cheers. Afghan Tunnel Decrepit, Dangerous Yet Indispensable  NATO supply convoys are using a long, slow & expensive route after Pakistan closed its border. Trucks driving high on crumbling roads pass through the Sovietbuilt Salang Tunnel, where lines of waiting traffic often stretch 10 miles. Wave of Violence Swallows More Women in Jurez, Mexico Bee swarm attack lands Thailand monks in hospital The Bangkok Post said more than 70 monks were admitted to hospital, quoting one doctor as saying he had seen 19 in serious condition. Mexicos Perfect Dictatorship on Brink of Comeback Syria shot Turkish jet in international air space, says Turkish FM Richard O'Dwyer and the new internet war
 An estimated 35,000 pacific walrus have been spotted ashore on a beach in northwest Alaska. Unlike seals, the mammals cannot swim indefinitely and are now coming ashore in record numbers as they struggle to find sea ice for resting in the Artic. Reuters Australia passes new security law vastly expanding the government's power to monitor computers; journalists could be imprisoned for up to ten years simply for reporting on national security matters. Kim Jongun is recovering from 'ankle surgery' after fracturing both ankles Hong Kong Police Chief Inspector Committed Suicide Under a new Russian law, Google, Facebook and Twitter must register as organizers of information distribution, and store all data on Russian users in data centers on Russian soil Hong Kong prodemocracy protests spread  live updates | Thousands defy call to leave streets on Chinas national holiday as protests spread to new front Essen (City in western Germany) will start a controversial project today to employ alcohol and drug addicts to clean the streets in return for beer, tobacco, food and small amounts of cash. Indian Female Boxer Sarita Devi Refuses to Wear Asian Games Bronze, Weeps on Podium after the controversial decision Germany will bulldoze a 500 year old village to mine fossil fuels, attempting bridge the energy gap created by planned nuclear shutdown. Chinese Hackers Are Targeting ProDemocracy Protestors In Hong Kong Through Their iPhones Grindr urges LGBT community to hide their identities as Egypt persecutes nation's gay community Air Canada to come down hard on cockpit porn Deadly shelling hit playground in east Ukraine on first day of school Scores of students still missing after ambush by Mexican police and gunmen. The search continued on Tuesday for dozens of students missing since municipal police and unidentified gunmen opened fire on a convoy of buses in the southern Mexican city of Iguala over three days before. The 10,000 pigeons released in a ceremony for China's National Day underwent unusual scrutiny, with each having its feathers and anus checked for dangerous materials, staterun media reports say. LIVE  India can emerge as a major world power, says US President Barack Obama Cecilia Malmstrm, recently proposed as EU's Commissioner for Trade, and the one who will lead TTIP negotiations with US, has been helping US lobbying against the EU data protection/privacy law Britons spend more on drugs and prostitutes than beer and wine White House exempts Syria airstrikes from tight standards on civilian deaths World's first microbe 'zoo' opens in Amsterdam Erdogan Turkey will fight ISIS, wants Assad gone | News , Middle East Mexican Police Recover Burned Remains of Kidnapped Congressman India not to join coalition against ISIS First case of MERS virus confirmed in Austria Belgium launches its biggest Islamist extremist trial Belgian prosecutors accused 46 members of Islamist group Sharia4Belgium on Monday of belonging to a terrorist organization and brainwashing young men in Belgium into fighting a holy war in Syria. Germany Just Abolished College Tuition Fees | ThinkProgress Hong Kong leader's daughter creates controversy with Facebook post saying that her diamond necklace was bought on silly tax payer's money. The World Summit of Nobel Peace laureates, due to be held in Cape Town, South Africa, later this month, has been cancelled. Six of the peaceprize winners have already withdrawn from the event in protest at the South African refusal to grant a visa to Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama. India, U.S. Agree to Joint Exploration of Mars Islamic State militants in Iraq have carried out mass executions, abducted women and girls as sex slaves, and used children as fighters, in systematic violations that may amount to war crimes, the United Nations said on Thursday. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott's adviser believes that Australian meteorology scientists are involved in temperature manipulation. He calls for a governmentfunded inquiry into climate change. Enough Ice Has Melted in Antarctica to Alter the Earths Gravity The sharp rise in income inequality across the world is one of the most worrying developments of the past 200 years, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), said on Thursday Russia halts student exchange program with US Asian Games Controversy taints home team victories as India, Thailand, Iran and Japan complain against South Korea UK legalises music and film ripping Beijing Warns of Chaos if Hong Kong Protests Persist 30 children killed in Syria school bombing  Two car bombs exploded in the central Syrian city of Homs in a neighbourhood dominated by minority Alawites Mexico captures top drug lord Beltran Leyva Muslim sheep slaughter to be banned in Moscow during Eid alAdha feast Hong Kong Protests Mainland Chinese media has blamed foreigners for Occupy Central protests as the city's massive protest movement for universal suffrage entered its fourth day yesterday. Nude selfie celebs were 'dumb', EU commissioner says Ebola outbreak 'Five infected every hour' in Sierra Leone US OKs $1.75 billion arms sale to Saudi 94 to 9, Denmark votes yes to join the AntiIs coalition, seven F16 fighter jets took off for Iraq from the Karup Air Base and 160 advisers will be sent in Kuwait to train Iraqi and Kurds ground forces Egyptian authorities on Wednesday confiscated all the copies of one of the countrys largest private newspapers in order to censor an article, just days after President Abdel Fattah elSisi vowed in an American television interview that there was no limitation on freedom of expression in Egypt. Sudanese Women Mad Over Oppression, Food Costs  Their anger mounts as they bear brunt of increasing Islamisation. The govt is interested in controlling everything related to women Women are sent for trial on a daily basis, ranging from the dress they put on to the time they go to work. World Bank bonuses raise eyebrows amid austerity drive Burqa wearers banned from Australian parliament's open public galleries Argentinian opposition politicians have accused the countrys president of being completely out of touch with reality after she gave a rambling televised address in which she claimed the US may be behind a plot to overthrow her government and possibly even assassinate her. Turkish President Erdogan 'I am increasingly against the internet every day' Former Top Official Says Kim Jongun Is No Longer in Control of North Korea. Russia adds 243 nuclear warheads to northern fleet near Norwegian border. Oslo Pulls Bid for 2022 Olympics. IOC Outraged. ProBeijing protestors encircle, attack protestors in Hong Kong. Pope Francis Favored to Win Nobel Peace Prize for Poverty Focus LIVE Police struggle to keep order as street fights break out in Mong Kok  ...Several hundred antiOccupy Central protesters broke through police lines and started smashing up protest tents and attacking students... Turkey OKs military hits on ISIS Hackers are using Reddit to control 17,000 Apple computers North Korea capital 'under lockdown' amid rumours of threat to Kim Jongun NBC News Freelancer in Africa Diagnosed with Ebola Canada Is The Only UN Member To Reject Landmark Indigenous Rights Document Archived samples of HIV's genetic code have traced the origin of the Aids pandemic to the 1920s in the city of Kinshasa, in what is now the Democratic Republic of Congo, scientists say ISIS beheads two of its own fighters Catalan government says it will hold vote for independence from Spain on November 9 Judge rejects White House plea to keep Guantanamo force feeding hearings secret After political dispute with Russia, Canadian satellite to be launched by India Estonia arrests former KGB officers Argentina's President Cristina Kirchner charged in an emotional address that domestic and US interests were pushing to topple her government, and could even kill her. Mysterious outbreak of hemorrhagic fever syndrome in Venezuela kills ten BBC News  Japan stocks rattled by $617bn 'fat finger' trading error Antiageing drugs may have been developed  Biomedical science is evolving at an unprecedented rate, and a raft of modern drugs and technologies appear as though they may be capable of extending human life by 10 years. US criticises Israel over settlements; Washington says the move will distance Israel from even its 'closest allies' British parliament to vote on recognizing Palestinian state JPMorgan hacked Personal information of 83 million customers exposed in cyber attack Banker who financed 9/11 mastermind now funding terrorists in Syria and Iraq Isis video reports to show murder of British hostage Alan Henning Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko risked further angering the Kremlin by suggesting that English lessons replace Russian ones in schools to improve the country's standard of living. In rare alliance, Shi'ites join Sunnis to defend Iraqi towns Shipwreck Found Near Nagasaki Likely Part of Kublai Khans Invading FleetThought to date from Mongol attempt to invade Japan 700 yrs ago. Its well preserved, so we expect it to carry a significant load of cargo like porcelains & weapons. North Korea Sends No.2 to South Korea for Rare Talks Violent mobs with triad links threaten Hong Kong prodemocracy protesters Word spreading on social media, including Facebook, had seen supporters arrive in droves after work. Crowds swelled to the tens of thousands ... it was now the antiOccupy agitators who had been surrounded Judge orders Guantnamo Bay forcefeeding videos to be released. Host, crew of popular BBC show Top Gear flee Argentina after being pelted with rocks by crowd Mystery 1000 year old skull washes up on Sydney beach, not of Aboriginal origin Russian jet flew 'metres' from Swedish plane Netanyahu No chance for peace deal if Israel sued for war crimes Pakistan polio cases at alltime high after Taliban banned immunisations and attacked polio vaccination teams across Pakistan ISIS losing hearts and minds in its heartland WWF International, the world's largest conservation group, has been accused of selling its soul by forging alliances with powerful businesses which destroy nature & use the WWF brand to greenwash their operations. Ebola Healthcare Workers Are Dying Faster Than Their Patients 52 percent of planet's biodiversity vanished since 1970  According to the Living Planet Report 2014, the number of mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians and fish across the globe is, on average, about half the size it was 40 years ago. China tests 10,000km range nuclear missile New 'feminist' government with a Green tinge in Sweden Sweden's new Social Democrat prime minister Stefan Loefven unveiled what he called a feminist government including Green Party ministers for the first time in the Nordic country. Canada Joins Battle Against ISIS Heavy fighting for Ukraine Airport Islamic State group downs Iraqi chopper Haiti bans its citizens from UN mission against Ebola Haitian volunteers have been banned from departing for African countries hit by the Ebola virus, the government said on Friday, citing other diseases that have devastated the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. Egypt Seizes Newspapers to Censor an Article Man says amnesia & permanent brain damage caused by police takedown in jailcell, caught on video A Swedish woman has become the world's first to give birth after having a womb transplant, opening up the possibility for thousands of infertile women to have babies. A mass grave has been found on the outskirts the Mexican town of Iguala, where 43 students went missing on September 26th Huge majority thinks 'war on drugs' has failed, new poll finds Yemen's capital fell to a rebel group and the world hardly noticed Thai scientists have announced the discovery of a new type of antibody against the Ebola virus and claimed that it is 'more effective' than those that already exist. British Imam says beheaded aid worker Alan Henning is a national hero. Scientists have used Ebola disease spread patterns and airline traffic data to predict a 75 percent chance the virus could be imported to France by October 24, and a 50 percent chance it could hit Britain by that date. Putin Among The Surprises On Nobel Peace Prize List 86 senior executives of 2 recently nationalized Spanish banks step down after spending 15.5M euros with offthebooks credit cards given them by their banks. Israel permits Gazans to pray at Jerusalem mosque  Hundreds of Palestinians from the Gaza Strip prayed Sunday at Jerusalem's most important mosque, the first time Israel has allowed such visits from the coastal enclave since the Hamas militant group overran the area in 2007. Somalia Islamists abandon last stronghold, after an assault by Somali and African Union forces Germans set to send first troops to Ukraine since WW2 Fatalities as suicide bomber sets off explosive outside concert hall in Russias Chechnya 'Injured' ISIS Leader Abu Bakr alBaghdadi Flees Syria to Escape From US Airstrikes Italian Man Wins Cow Milking World Championship, Amid Scandal Some western leaders are turning their backs on the Dalai Lama, under pressure from rising power China Germany considers sending soldiers to eastern Ukraine. Air strikes against Isis are not working, say Syrian Kurds Washington will not be the one to decide Swedens policies, Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrm said after the US criticized Stockholms plans to officially recognize Palestine as a sovereign state. Now a second Arab nation demands a 'formal clarification' a day after Joe Biden was forced to apologize for saying that key American allies in the Mideast gave weapons and cash to ISIS extremists A strange green organism has spread around the globe, clogging up the world's rivers Italy to Shut Down Sea Rescue Operation that Saved Over 90,000 Migrants this Yr  Operation Mare Nostrum  our sea  is expensive & controversial, with opponents claiming it encourages smugglers, while Italy says it was abandoned by rest of Europe & left to deal with the problem alone. Russia Overtakes U.S. in Nuclear Warhead Deployment Islamic State document reveals plans to steal Iranian nuclear program data reports. Canada to join antiIS air strikes Mexico hit by student massacre At least 17 anticorruption protesters 'rounded up, murdered and dumped in a mass grave'  and another 26 are missing. Dubai Police Will Wear Google Glass With Facial Recognition Software to ID Crooks A female Kurdish fighter blew herself up at an Islamic State position killing a number of jihadists who have surrounded Kobane and are battling to seize it. 83,000 boo Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at sporting event. 100 disillusioned british jihadists abandon the Islamic State but they are stuck in Turkey because they are too scared to come back to Uk North and South Korea agree to talks Madrid starts fining users of Uber 'taxi' app After Barcelona announced plans to impound the vehicles of people caught using the appbased chauffeur service Uber, Madrid's regional government has launched a crackdown that will allow police to fine drivers and passengers up to 18,000 ($22,600). Concubine with Ebola causes outbreak of Ebola with Liberian soldiers. Turkish police fire tear gas point blank into BBC news car setting it alight near Syrian border Norwegian woman infected with Ebola New proposal would allow Australian intelligence agency to secretly detain citizens without charge, conduct coercive questioning, and jail them for refusing to answer questions. Mystery of 1,000yearold child's jawbone found on beach near Sydney  The jawbone of a young child discovered on a beach in Australia has been matched to a 1,000yearold skull which washed up on the same beach six years ago. No sign of Kim Jongun as North Korea welcomes home Asian Games athletes More than 200,000 Indians volunteer to join effort against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria Russia Cancels Exchange Program After a Student Seeks U.S. Asylum CDC director To keep Ebola away, fight it in Africa Mexican officials fear mass grave holds remains of 43 students allegedly 'slaughtered' by local police Netanyahu White House criticism of Israeli settlement construction is against American values Massive blast reported at suspected Iranian nuke facility NATO can put troops wherever it wants, new secretarygeneral says 2014 Nobel Prize in Medicine to John OKeefe, MayBritt Moser & Edvard Moser for discovering the brain's positioning system. A group of Cuban migrants drank their own urine and blood after the engine of their homemade boat failed, leaving them adrift in the Caribbean for three weeks without food or water. Only 15 of the 32 passengers survived, making it one of the most tragic Cuban migrant disasters in decades. Goldman Sachs 'charmed Gadaffiera sovereign wealth fund employees with girls and alcohol' in trip to Morocco 28 ISIS militants killed by Iraqi forces in Hamren, Diyali ISIS Ammunition Is Shown to Have Origins in U.S. and China Scientists discover cancerfighting berry on tree that only grows in Far North Queensland in 75 per cent of cases, the tumour disappeared and had not come back The Clorox Company voluntarily decides to disclose all ingredients in their cleaning products, which may act as allergens in certain people, despite a legal loophole allowing them to avoid doing so. We know people are interested in more sustainable products, and they want to know what's in them. Nurse 'infected with Ebola' in Spain North Korea declares 2015 year of unification, boosts readiness for allout war Trojan Horse ISIS militants coming to Europe disguised as refugees, US intelligence sources claim Indian Student facing life imprisonment for refusing to stand up during National Anthem at a movie theater Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has called for sweeping changes to Britain's idiotic policy on drugs | The Liberal Democrat leader said addiction should be treated as a health problem not a criminal issue. Great Barrier Reef dredge approval suicide for reef authority  Scientist says 'Marine Park Authority' lost its credibility & budget cuts have gutted it. Weve lost our prime place in the world as leaders of reef research; were no longer able to provide the science needed to protect it. Value of Russian ruble crashing About 100 Kurds storm into Dutch Parliament to ask attention for the ISIL advance into Kobani, Syria White House pushes back against Netanyahu, stands by rebuke of new Israeli settlements Total lunar eclipse on Wednesday will be a rare 'selenelion' Sword removed in Australian CounterTerrorism Raids turns out to be a common plastic ornament ISIS warns professors who left their jobs to return within 10 days Eight cases Marburg, a Ebolalike illness that is 80% fatal, have broken out in Uganda. A South Korean naval ship fired warning shots on Tuesday after a North Korean patrol boat crossed a disputed sea border off the peninsula's west coast and fired shots back before retreating Putin Bans Protests at Night as Controls on Dissent Grow Survivor of Mexico Student Massacre 'It Was Terrifying' NASA to put marsbound astronauts on prolonged sleep Goldman Sachs banker took Libyan fund staff on lavish trip, high court told Bulgaria Plans to Ground Its RussianMade Fighter Jets to Reassert Its Independence From Moscow ISIS just entered Koban Israel sending mobile clinics to Africa to fight Ebola Vietnamese oil tanker carrying 18 crew and 5,226 tons of oil goes missing Russia's hidden workers the slaves of Dagestan | A man who claims to have been held as a slave labourer for 18 years in Russias Northern Caucasus region has reportedly escaped. North Korea acknowledges reform camps for first time  AP 'I touched my face with gloves' nurse with Ebola Burned bodies of 28 Mexican teaching students pulled from mass graves Fortythree students went missing September 26 after they were attacked by police while commandeering buses to take them to a demonstration against cuts in funding for their school. Ugandan MP says Uganda is losing the fight against AIDS because condoms are too small for Ugandan men Japan and the United States are revising their mutual defense guidelines for the first time in nearly two decades to respond to China's military expansion and increase Japan's role in regional defense. ISIS is Cutting Off Water to Uncooperative Villages  In parched Syria & Iraq, water is a weapon India strikes 37 Pakistani outposts, kills 15 in a severe escalation of hostilities along the border Russia's finance minister has said that the country could no longer afford a multibilliondollar revamp of the armed forces approved by President Vladimir Putin, stepping up a campaign to trim spending as sanctions over the Ukraine crisis bite. Banker admits Libor fraud conspiracy. A senior banker from a UK bank has admitted conspiring to defraud over manipulating the Libor lending rate. US Air Force fighter jet crashes in UK during exercise ISIS document discloses plans to seize Iran's nuclear secrets Spanish Ebola nurse reported symptoms many times before being quarantined Teresa Romero Ramos says when she first told health authorities of her symptoms she was given only paracetamol Hackers are stealing millions from ATM worldwide using a new malware called as Tyupkin. This malware, which once installed on an ATM, allows the criminals to steal huge amounts of money by simply entering a series of codes Turkish Inaction on ISIS Advance Dismays the U.S. Russians attacked in Moscow for wearing 'Western' symbols UN official statement The world, all of us, will regret deeply if ISIS is able to take over a city which has defended itself with courage but is close to not being able to do so. We need to act now Chile's Supreme court on Tuesday suspended the development of El Morro mine owned by Canada's Goldcorp after siding with indigenous groups that oppose it on environmental grounds The UK parliament will be voting on a motion to recognise the state of Palestine alongside the state of Israel on 13 October. Demonstrations break out across Iran in support of Kobani Kurds. Iran oped calls for Qods Force commander, Qassem Soleimani, to intervene to defend Kobani Syria admits it has four more chemical weapons plants, says UN official. The disclosure heightens fears Damascus has not been open about its programme and that extremist groups could seize lethal chemicals Spanish Ebola case 'I am due to treat the patient. But I have no idea what to do' Islamic State terror group identified its next target, a former U.S. Army Ranger who was captured in Lebanon last year during a relief mission to help Syrian refugees. News  Islamic State group flier claims responsibility for Gaza terror attack Canadian Parliament officially approves airstrikes against ISIS. Canadianmade Ebola vaccine moving ahead to trial stage Estonia becomes first exSoviet country to legalize samesex partnerships Ebola Cases Reach Over 8,000 Global response to Ebola has failed miserably, says World Bank chief Australian Federal Police (AFP) will now be allowed to secretly search a terrorism suspect's house, enter through an innocent neighbours property and impersonate people, under the governments antiterror bill 14 wounded as Kurds and 'radical Muslims' clash in Germany NASA is inviting the public to send their names on a microchip to destinations beyond lowEarth orbit, including Mars. Your name will begin its journey on a dimesized microchip when the agency's Orion spacecraft launches Dec. 4 on its first flight, designated Exploration Flight Test1. Canada's largest mental health and addiction treatment and research centre is calling for the legalization of marijuana, with strict controls that would govern who could buy weed, from where, and in what quantity. Phones held by police remotely wiped. All the data on some of the tablets and phones seized as evidence is being wiped out, remotely, while they are in police custody. Tokyo Electric Power Co. has warned its stricken Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant could be hit by tsunami as high as 26.3 meters and cause 100 trillion becquerels of cesium to escape Poland to honor Wikipedia with monument Chinese StateRun Media Has Started Attacking North Korea India among top 5 financial contributors to Ebola response. Hong Kong government says it has called off a meeting on Friday with student leaders of the prodemocracy movement At least 21 people were killed in riots in Turkey where Kurds rose up against the government for doing nothing to protect their kin. Turkey  Former deputy PM defends ISIL in tweet, says ISIL does not torture WHO says no signs spread of Ebola is slowing and says almost half of Ebola patients in West Africa have died warning the disease could spread Most Russians Believe Foreigners View Country Favorably, Poll Shows Lego ends Shell partnership following Greenpeace campaign Masked voice of Islamic State war criminal restored, north American accent revealed China is on the hunt for a Siberian tiger released into the wild by Russian President Vladimir Putin, state media said on Thursday, after the animal roamed across the border, likely in search of food. Nigeria succeeds at containing Ebola Queensland nurse hospitalised after showing symptoms of Ebola Sue Ellen Novack, who has been working in Sierra Leone with Ebola victims, returned to Australia on Tuesday and this morning reported a low grade fever. French archaeologists have discovered some 200,000yearold Neanderthal human remains in Normandy in an extremely rare discovery in northwestern Europe. The remains are attributable to the Neanderthal lineage  in the Middle Pleistocene era  and are aged between 236,000 and 183,000 years. Venice plans to build $180 million island to keep giant cruise ships from invading historic city Turkey imposes curfew after 18 killed in proKurdish protests Maid in Dubai tries to kill herself after her employers don't pay her for 3 months. Woman is arrested for attempting suicide and fined $270. Bangladesh Muslim protesters torch Buddhist temples over Facebook photo AfghanCanadian mother stabs daughter for staying out past curfew. She cuddled her firstborn and told her to lie on her stomach so she could give her a back massage. Then I stab her, stab her neck, she confessed. She said, No Mom! I said, Its for your good. Let me finish.  Pirate Bay Founder Remains Locked Up Without Charges  TorrentFreak Russia told Assad to shoot down Turkish plane, murder captured pilots, 'leaked Syrian documents' show  Devastating intelligence papers purport to prove jet was downed on Moscows orders, pilots captured alive by intelligence unit and then killed; Damascus had claimed June incident was an accident Finland may be first European country to halt coal use


 A Muslim television preacher in Egypt will face blasphemy charges after being videotaped burning a copy of the Bible Turkish pilots killed by Assad, not crash leaked documents Islamists who pose a threat 'have no place in France', said interior minister Manuel Valls Tens of thousands of Australians flood the streets of Melbourne for a peace march after woman (Jill Meagher) was abducted, raped and murdered India launches 101st space mission, and looks to Mars  

The mission will be carried out without international help, highlighting the growth and ambition of India's homegrown space program, which plans to launch a mission to Mars. UK renewable energy output jumps by 42% in last year  Figures come just days after the UK set a new record for wind power output & mean the UK  on track to set a host of new renewable energy records for 2012, despite ongoing concerns that policy uncertainty is harming investor confidence. Libya launches weapons collection drive  Hundreds of Libyans voluntarily turn over their weapons after rallies calling for disbanding of militias. A theatre in southern Russia has stopped selling tickets to the musical Jesus Christ Superstar after prosecutors launched a probe into whether it is offensive to devout Christians, officials said Saturday Islamic group calls for ban on offending prophet For Germans, religious membership comes with price  Catholics, Protestants and Jews forced to pay up to 9 percent of income to participate in religious ceremonies Russian lawmakers call for jail sentences for people guilty of offending religious feelings 7.4 magnitude earthquake in southwestern Colombia AlShabab abandon their last major stronghold in Somalia, Kismayo, following an assault on the town by African Union forces. Bahrain police shoot 17yearold protester dead in new wave of Shia unrest Police in Bahrain shot dead a teenage protester as fresh unrest swept the island kingdom 19 months after Shia protesters first took to the streets early in the Arab Spring.  Venezuelan youth could decide if Chavez remains in power Guantanamo's last Western detainee returned to Canada
| Reuters Yulia Tymoshenko makes video appeal to Ukraine's voters from prison Opposition leader beseeches country to vote out Viktor Yanukovych, who presides over a 'criminal state'
 Afghan insider attack kills 2 Americans BBC News  US military death toll in Afghanistan reaches 2,000 Huge explosion reported in Chinese port city of Tianjin Sweden drops sexual assault probe against Julian Assange as deadline expires Russia bans Reddit TransPacific Partnership could pose risk to public healthcare, leaked draft shows 37% of British workers think their jobs are meaningless The Dutch basic income experiment is expanding across multiple cities Kiribati president calls for moratorium on coal mines. There is no plausible scenario in which a world that is tackling climate change is a world that needs more coal mines, said Oquist. Muslim Scholars Prepare Call for Action on Climate Change. Islamic scholars and religious leaders are preparing a call for action on climate change that will say its the religious duty of the worlds 1.6 billion Muslims to fight global warming. IOC rules out viral testing in sewageladen waters being used for 2016 Olympics. U.S. allocates $500,000 for Baltic journalism programs to combat Russian propaganda The elusive octopus genome has finally been untangled, which should allow scientists to discover answers to longmysterious questions about the animal's alienlike physiology How does it camouflage itself so expertly? How does it controland regeneratethose eight flexible arms Kiwi UN intern living in tent has resigned. His mum is proud he sparked unpaid UN internship debate 15thCentury Sea Monster Lifted from Baltic SeaFigurehead of Denmarks King Hans' warship is creature carved at end of 11ftlong beam, with lion ears & crocodile mouth holding a person. No similar item from the 15th century has ever been found anywhere in the world. Greek economy grows by 0.8% in second quarter China's military wants the ability to create large modular artificial islands that can be repositioned around the world as necessary Russia's parliament supports mandatory HIV testing before marriage Underwater gas pipeline explodes in Moscow, Russia Seen from above, the Amazon resembles a huge billiards table  a field of intense green pockmarked by brown stains. These are the sites of illegal mines, and they reveal the scope of a gold rush that threatens the lungs of the planet Market truck bomb kills at least 60 in Baghdad's Sadr City Puerto Rico's Representaive in Congress Pleads For Drought Aid.The drought in Puerto Rico is affecting more than 2.5 million people and has led to extreme water restrictions as well as complete water cutoffs across the territory. South African conservationists are warning of a new potential threat to Africa's wild lion population The increasing use of lion bones to replace tiger bones in traditional medicine in parts of Asia Earth overshoot day  the day each year when our demands on the planet outstrip its ability to regenerate  comes six days earlier than 2014, with worlds population currently consuming the equivalent of 1.6 planets a year Switzerland lifts sanctions against iran Israel would lift Gaza blockade for truce  report China's government wants workers to be given longer weekends during the summer in order to boost the tourism industry. The State Council is urging employers to give their staff Friday afternoons off so that they can travel more easily. India sues Nestle for nearly $100m because lead shouldn't be in noodles. Russia threathens to block Reddit in Russia if thread about a drugproducing plant is not removed Oil prices have reached a 6 year low today If the United States walks away from the nuclear deal with Iran and demands that its allies comply with U.S. sanctions, a loss of confidence in U.S. leadership could threaten the dollar's position as the world's reserve currency, the top U.S. diplomat said on Tuesday. Amnesty International endorses decriminalizing sex trade Teen finds 17.6ounce gold bar while swimming in German Alpine lake. Harper says Canadians dont want marijuana legalized Arctic Ice Loss Is So Bad National Geographic Has To Keep Redrawing Its Atlas Journalist beaten by football fans after Facebook post dies from his injuries in a hospital An archaeologist says he may have found evidence that Nefertiti, the former Queen of Egypt, is secretly buried inside Tutankhamun's tomb. Swedish prosecutors have been accused of victimising Julian Assange after it was revealed they had interviewed 44 people in the UK but were refusing to question the WikiLeaks founder in the London embassy Even the Taliban is disgusted by the Islamic State's latest video that appears to show militants blowing up bound and blindfolded Afghan prisoners with explosives On Monday, news broke that a father had let his 20yearold daughter drown off a beach in Dubai because he did not want her to be touched by a strange man. The story, according to one source, is nearly two decades old. Tony Abbott warns colleagues not to vote for samesex marriage Greece at 'risk of bloodshed' as latest spike in new Afghan, Syrian arrivals hits Kos island Isis claims beheading of Croatian hostage Tomislav Salopek in Egypt WikiLeaks offers $110,000 reward for documents on 'monster' trade deal Julian Assange set to be cleared as sex allegations expire Mexico bans giveaways of baby formula at hospitals About 300 people descended on Parliament this afternoon to protest against New Zealand joining the controversial TransPacific Partnership (TPP). Pentagon needs to rethink calling war journalists 'belligerents', says watchdog Open letter from Reporters Without Borders calls on US defense secretary to revise manual containing disturbing language on treating reporters like spies Chinese currency devaluation puts North American stock markets in a tumble Leaked documents show the UK is pushing for watereddown EU air pollution laws to be weakened further, arguing they would cause the closure of coal pits leading to substantial job losses and the need to import coal. ExJapanese PM kneels to apologize before a memorial monument in Korea. John Kerry  dollar may cease to be the world's reserve currency if the United States walks away from Iran deal Google to reorganize into new company called Alphabet 'Missile parts' at MH17 crash site A 22yearold New Zealand man hired as an unpaid intern by the United Nations in Geneva has been forced to live in a tent Ikea to Replace All Lighting on Shelves With LED Bulbs. Beginning Sept. 1, the company said Monday, it will sell only LED bulbs, part of its overall sustainability efforts. Pacific trade deal puts profit over people Labor activists Russian GDP Plunges 4.6% Canadians pull the plug on renewable energy scheme  Canadian province of Nova Scotia cancels a successful project which rewarded people for generating renewable energy. Pope Francis declares annual Catholic environment day. 1 September chosen for day of environmental awareness; Vatican calls for faithful to adopt appropriate lifestyles Tasmanian devils on Australian mainland would reduce feral cats & foxes, study finds  Reintroducing devils after 3,000yr absence would be huge boon for native wildlife. Humans wiped out dingoes in regions, leaving foxes & cats as primary predators. Govt to kill 2 million cats by 2020. Malaysia Prime Minister suspected of manipulating MH370 plane crash news to save himself from the worst financial scandal in Malaysian history. UK dairy farmers take live cows into supermarkets in protest of low milk prices. Milk is currently cheaper than bottled water. Arrested Hamas fighter reveals tunnel attack plot, shifting strategies Malaysian Education Minister openly claims Jews and Christians have a hidden agenda in splitting Malays. Ukraine vows to use 'entire arsenal' against proRussia rebels The UN has blasted Thailand for imprisoning a man for 30 years after he insulted the monarchy China to Increase Iran Oil Imports in Event of Congress Rejection If Congress scuppers the nuclear accord, China will conclude that diplomacy has not worked out and as a result it will increase Iranian oil imports China builds huge solar power station which could power a million homes. The proposed power station will measure 10 square miles and generate 200 megawatts of solar energy Puerto Rico Intensifies Water Rationing as Drought Worsens.Citizens are limited to two days of water use every week as Puerto Rico's debtridden government struggles to aid its country through extreme drought. China devalues yuan currency to threeyear low A wave of violence has engulfed the Afghan capital over the past few days, killing at least 50 people, mostly civilians. According to the UN, 2015 is on track to be the bloodiest year of the war for Afghan civilians  worse than 2014, when 3,000 civilians were killed. Fastest Neutrino Ever Detected Has 1,000x the Energy of the LHC Man charged by Australian Federal Police for attempting to fly to Syria to fight alongside Kurds against ISIS. Migrant Crises Alarms Britain But Fears Clash With Facts.The U.N. refugee agency says Britain received just over 31,000 asylum claims in 2014  a fraction of the 173,000 refugees who went to Germany, and fewer than Sweden, Italy, France or Hungary. Japan Takes Step Toward Reviving Nuclear Industry as It Restarts Reactor Police raid Uber Hong Kong office, 3 taken away amid crackdown on illegal taxis