 London City Banker tried to put neighbour in mental hospital over 12 inches of land. Italy court overturns law equating cannabis with heroin Venezuela antigovernment rally turns deadly Slaughtered for Ivory 65% of Forest Elephants Killed Since 2002  which means only 35% remain. Annual mortality rate is exceedingly high, at 9% a yr. By the time you eat breakfast, another elephant has been slaughtered to produce trinkets for the ivory market. Massive Protests in Venezuela ignored by local media. The risk of reporting US drone strikes Yemen researcher says he received a death threat after investigating deadly weddingconvoy attack. Mexican Tycoon Becomes First Foreigner to Exploit Citizens United to Influence U.S. Elections Britain warns Scotland Forget the pound if you break away UK launches 500,000 fund to help male victims of rape and sexual abuse German postwoman sacked for taking too much time off work while undergoing chemotherapy Tepco hid recordlevel radiation data last July Union apologises for censoring atheist 'Spaghetti Monster' poster. The jobless rate in Greece reached a record high of 28% in November, according to newly released government figures. Venezuelan Radio Host Post Soundbyte about Marshall law in Mrida, Venezuela. The Government has ordered all radio stations to seize broadcasting of any live content. (Rough translation in comments) The Chinese moon rover Jade Rabbit has awaken; comms signal strength now reinstates to a normal level; tech team is trying to identify and fix issues with control system EU tells Britain to include Prostitutes And Drug Dealers in GDP Venezuela One Wounded, Two Dead after Opposition Protest. (Video. NB Graphic) Chinese villagers attack factory after reports of polluting Strange Sshaped phenomenon appears off Western Australia coast on weather bureau radar; bureau says it's not a cloud and doesn't know what it is China announces $1.6B air pollution fund The Bank of England has confirmed that economic forecasting is basically impossible Male prostitution on the rise in Lebanon Indian Parliament erupts in chaos after MP uses pepper spray Spain makes abortion a criminal offense Nuclear fusion breakthrough raises hopes for ultimate green energy source | Scientists have moved a step closer to achieving sustainable nuclear fusion and almost limitless clean energy. The UK Government UTurns on Election Promise; dropping plans to give voters the ability to dismiss Members of Parliament for serious wrongdoing. Russian MPs seek nationwide ban on child beauty pageants Islamic fundamentalists in Syria have started to destroy archaeological treasures, such as Byzantine mosaics and Greek and Roman statues, because their portrayal of human beings is contrary to their religious beliefs Silk road 2 hacked. All bitcoins stolen. Twitter is being blocked in Venezuela by the Government No banks should be promised eternal life  Norwegian governor of the Norwegian federal reserve says. Belgium's parliament removes age limit on euthanasia Russia Expands Adoption Ban  Russia is now forbidding single people (gay or straight), who live in any country where gay marriage is legal, from adopting Russian children Volcano erupts in Indonesia, 100,000 evacuated, airports closed ISIL Stones Syrian Girl to Death for Facebook Membership. Says It Is Tantamount To Adultery Australian politician who has never heard of VPN's; let alone understand what they are for; believes internet file downloads can be stopped by legislation of ISP's Mexican officials introduce bills seeking to relax marijuana laws Four African nations pledge to end all sales of ivory Botswana, Gabon, Chad and Tanzania won't sell their ivory stockpiles to protect elephants from poaching TEPCO latest readings detects record levels of radioactive cesium near Pacific, 600 times higher than allowed to be released into the ocean Britain's hundred years of conflict. If withdrawal from Afghanistan is successful, it will be the first time in 100 years that nation has not been at war. Snowden 'left in the lurch' by EU Parliament | An EU parliament's committee has issued a damning report about the scale and the impact of mass surveillance. But there is no consensus on an amendment to give asylum to intelligence leaker Edward Snowden. Belgium now the first country to legalize euthanasia for minors under 18. Al Jazeera 70 men and women executed in DR Congo mainly by armed groups to spread terror among the population 9 Die in Fire Destroying Argentine Bank Archives Kerry says China willing to pressure North Korea on nuclear plans Hamas blocks UN textbooks in Gaza, saying they focus too much on peaceful conflict resolution Crimes against humanity in NKorea, UN panel finds A U.N. Commission of Inquiry has found that crimes against humanity have been committed in North Korea and recommends that its findings be referred to the International Criminal Court Big Brother HSBC bank wanted to know what I'd spend my money on Penguin Books India has reportedly agreed to recall and destroy all copies in India of a book about Hinduism by a U.S. religious scholar in response to a civil case filed by a nationalist organisation, raising concerns over the increasing sway of interest groups over freedom of expression. LastPlace Speed Skater Wins Gold Medal After Everyone Else Falls Down Italy overturns 'absurd' drug law equating marijuana and hard drugs Italys constitutional court has overturned a controversial law equating cannabis with cocaine and heroin. The decision could see around 10,000 people released from the countrys overburdened jails. A mob armed with wooden clubs and iron bars, screaming that they were going to cleanse their neighborhood of gay people, dragged 14 young men from their beds and assaulted them The operator of Japan's wrecked Fukushima nuclear plant knew about record high measurements of a dangerous isotope in groundwater at the plant for five months before telling the country's nuclear watchdog, a regulatory official told Reuters. Ugandan president to sign law imposing lifetime jail sentence for homosexuality Pakistani Taliban To Ancient Tribe Convert To Islam Or Die Villagers in southwestern China infuriated by a factory that was polluting the environment smashed its offices and equipment, and later clashed with police, underscoring the potential for such concerns to trigger violent unrest. UK Government Official Gets Twitter Parody Account Closed Down For Mocking Politicians And Heads Of Large Companies Saudi Arabia agrees to provide Syria rebels with mobile antiaircraft missiles A U.N. Commission of Inquiry has found that crimes against humanity have been committed in North Korea and recommends that its findings be referred to the International Criminal Court Ukraine frees all protesters detained during unrest Archaeologists have unearthed shell tools around 20,000 years old that could help clear up mysteries surrounding the ancestors of modern Japanese people Australian Government To Buy Giant Drones Worth $3 Billion To Protect The Country Glenn Greenwald Calls Guardian Book On Snowden 'Bullshit' Merkel, Hollande to discuss European communication network that avoids U.S. Poland's Surveillance Programs Could Be Worse than the NSA Starbucks openly admits to using carcinogenic shoe chemical in China stores Pakistani antidrone activist, Kareem Khan, who was abducted last week before he was meant to speak against drones in Europe, is released by his captors. Anders Breivik demands better video games and threatens hunger strike over jail 'hell' BBC News  Greens calls for clearout of 'climate change deniers' [UK] India Unveils Astronaut Capsule | Science/AAAS CSEC exoneration a 'mockery of public accountability'  Canada The major city of Guangzhou in southern China closed its live poultry markets for two weeks to halt the spread of the H7N9 strain of bird flu Chinese Man Allegedly Pushes Girlfriend Into Manhole According to Sky News, the suspect told police he had planned to kill the woman because he owed her a debt of 100,000 yuan (approximately $16,000) Twitter confirms that Venezuela's Government is blocking access to Images after days of protests Nanjing massacre denial by governor of Japan's public broadcaster NHK prompts chilly response from U.S. Embassy Homeless man wins the lottery with his last few coins, vows to spend winnings setting up a foundation for addicts and abused women. A topsecret document, obtained by the former N.S.A. contractor Edward J. Snowden, shows that an American law firm was monitored while representing a foreign government in trade disputes with the United States. NSA aftermath Germany decides to massively ramp up counterintelligence against Western allies, after Obama denies nospy treaty With Porn Filters Going Oh So Well, UK Roars Ahead In Expanding Them To Include 'Extremist' Content [xpost] Qatar World Cup 400 Nepalese have died since construction began Calls grow for Fifa to take decisive action as humanrights group prepares to release report on mounting death toll Toronto childporn investigation leads to major political scandal in Germany Doctors group tells US, big pharma to get off Indias back Protesters are being shot by the police in Chacao, Venezuela South Africa mine accident Rescuers trying to reach 200 illegal workers in mine near Johannesburg Greece grapples with soaring numbers of abandoned children and babies Cuba shuts down US travel visas. Indonesia has said Australia and America need to 'clean up their mess' to salvage relations with Indonesia after revelations that Australia spied on a law firm representing Indonesia in a trade dispute. Bahrain protest attracts tens of thousands, no clashes  thousands of Bahrainis joined a peaceful demonstration on Saturday to mark the third anniversary of an abortive prodemocracy uprising led by majority Shi'ite Muslims Business boycott Israelis feeling the pinch A North Korean ship, caught in July while trying to move undeclared Cuban weapons through the Panama Canal, left on Saturday to Cuba, the Foreign Ministry said. The ship got the green light last week to leave Panama after Pyongyang paid a fine of nearly $700,000. US law firm spied on by Australian spy agency, offered to share details with the NSA, including information covered by attorneyclient privilege. Ukraine protesters end Kyiv City Hall occupation Explosion on a bus on Egyptian side of SinaiIsrael border Saudi Arabia to shut down offending websites Japan's Rakuten buys chat app Viber for $900 million to expand digital empire Germany draws up plans against NSA to counter American spies on its soil Israel Prepares Media War Against Boycott Movement Brazil's World Cup courts disaster as delays, protests and deaths mount | An attack on the president's office was just the latest alarming episode in the runup to June's tournament Hundreds trapped in South African gold mine Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's most influential aide on Saturday rejected criticism from China that Japan is lurching toward militarism and said Tokyo would keep seeking dialogue with both Beijing and Seoul, ties with which have been badly strained by rows over territory and wartime history. Snowden's Lawyer aggressively intimidated in Heathrow Dolphins 'suffering miscarriage, lung disease, losing teeth after BP oil spill' researchers claim Catholic bishop who spent $480,000 on wardrobes used children's charity cash to build new $40million HQ North Korean human rights abuses systematic and unparalleled, says UN. Inquiry chairman writes to Kim Jongun warning he could face trial at The Hague for crimes against humanity Scientists have made an impassioned plea for humanity to pause and think before making a headlong rush to exploit the deep sea. The researchers said the oceans' lowest reaches had untold riches that could benefit mankind enormously, but not if the harvesting were done destructively. Denmark bans religious slaughter of animals Defending the government's decision, Agriculture and Food Minister Dan Jrgensen told Denmark's TV2 television that animal rights come before religion Members of 'Flat Earth Society'? U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday called climate change perhaps the world's most fearsome destructive weapon and mocked those who deny its existence or question its causes, comparing them to people who insist the Earth is flat. Rupert Murdoch's empire receives $882m tax rebate from Australia  Payment revealed by News Corp in US likely to reignite debate over how much tax is paid by international corporations Chinese Archaeologists have discovered an ancient tomb in Alaer, Southern Xinjiang. The finding shows that the skeleton of the Qiang people 4,000 years ago was nearly 2.3 meters, or 7.5 feet long. Also, the Qiang people's front teeth are vertically grown, unlike modern people's teeth Taliban behead 23 Pak soldiers, peace talks with govt collapse Little British Columbia Fishing Club Takes on US Billionaire  Dispute arose when club protested against Stanley Kroenke's ranch policy of locking gates on roads leading to 2 lakes after turning them private for sportfishing, with a lodge charge of $349 a night & $195 for a fishing guide. North Korea's Kim warned he might face charges over atrocities China said on Monday it was extremely concerned by a report that Japan has resisted returning to the United States more than 300 kg (660 lb) of mostly weaponsgrade plutonium, the latest dispute between the two Asian neighbors. 11 arrested for serving human meat at Nigerian hotel restaurant. Edward Snowden leak Australia spied on Indonesian phones and data European boycotts begin to bite, catching Israel's attention Last year, Jordan Valley farmers lost an estimated $29 million, or 14 percent of revenue due to the campaign In election year, Romania debates giving human rights to dolphins EU freezes Switzerland out of reseach and education grants. North American Leaders Urged to Restore Monarch Butterflys Habitat Journalists who broke NSA story in Guardian receive George Polk Awards | Ewen MacAskill, Glenn Greenwald and Laura Poitras honoured.; Polk curator repercussions of NSA will be with us for years South Korea building collapse Dozens of students trapped Shunning Creditors, Iceland Goes It Alone As Economy Rebounds Iceland's government feels it can shun international investors while enjoying economic growth  witness its dismissive response to a $5 billion lawsuit over Icesave debts and a tough stance on paying bond creditors. China's plan to clean up air in cities will doom the climate, scientists say | News | EcoBusiness Tens of thousands of Turks stage antigovernment protests in Istanbul Ethiopian Airlines Flight 702 Squawks Hijacking for Reasons Unknown Glenn Greenwald Topsecret documents from the National Security Agency and its British counterpart reveal for the first time how the governments of the United States and the United Kingdom targeted WikiLeaks and other activist groups with tactics ranging from covert surveillance to prosecution. At the end of the Second World War so many people said 'if only we had known... if only we had known the wrongs that were done in the countries of the hostile forces Michael Kirby (UN) on how the world must act on North Korea rights abuse Saudi Arabia women banned from visiting hospitals without male guardian Another JP Morgan Banker Suicide. Policeman who shot and killed a pregnant restauranteur for not serving him milk tea gets the death sentence News Corps $882m blew the Australian budget 'The single largest factor in the underlying deterioration of the federal budget announced by Treasurer Joe Hockey in December was a cash payout of almost $900 million to Rupert Murdochs News Corp' No Swiss fighter jets were scrambled Monday when an Ethiopian Airlines copilot hijacked his own plane and forced it to land in Geneva, because it happened outside business hours, the Swiss airforce said. Another huge violent clash is happening in Ukraine right now. This is all being streamed live online. Killer starfish are eating the Great Barrier Reef by smothering and digesting its flesh. Scientists are blaming the problem on fertiliser from nearby sugar cane farms. An American citizen who is a member of alQaeda is actively planning attacks against Americans overseas, US officials say, and the Obama administration is weighing up whether to kill him with a drone strike and how to do so legally Angela Merkel Let US spies keep their internet. The EU will build its own Venezuela Intelligence Officials Burst Into Opposition Headquarters. Lacking a Warrant, Agents Enter with Guns Drawn (video) NSA, and GCHQ, deployed Internet surveillance technologies against Wikileaks in a campaign that also encouraged international governments to take action against the websites founder, according to newly leaked documents from NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden. North American leaders called upon to save monarch butterfly Kazakhstan Lace underwear ban sparks protests Qatar World Cup toll More than 450 Indian migrant workers in Qatar have died in the last two years, media revealed on Monday. Another upcoming report will show that 400 Nepalese have lost their lives scrambling to get the Gulf state ready for the 2022 World cup. Ukraine Maidan Protests Escalate Once Again Five dead in Ukraine clashes Iran's interior minister has warned it may send forces into Pakistan if it does not act to free five Iranian border guards seized 10 days ago North Korea 'You are brainwashed from the time you know how to talk'  UN dossier of regime's human rights abuses contains appalling stories of how state brutally enforces 'racial purity' Heavy clashes near Parliament in Kiev, Ukraine 18.02.2014 Israel boycott movement is antisemitic, says Binyamin Netanyahu | World news Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats accused of spurring protests Venezuela gave three US diplomats 48 hours to leave the country Monday as Washington rejected as baseless and false accusations it was aiding protests against the government of President Nicolas Maduro. U.K. drafting legislation to expand porn filter to include 'Extremist' websites Leftwing Mexican senators on Tuesday presented an initiative to Legalize Medical Marijuana, saying a new approach was needed to speed up drug liberalization and help end a cycle of cartel violence that has killed tens of thousands At least nine reported dead, over 100 injured in Kiev as violent clashes break out near Ukraine's parliament Thai court bans use of violence against protesters. Pussy Riot attacked with whips by Cossack militia at Sochi Olympics Edward Snowden Elected Rector of Glasgow University Ukraine Revolt sticky post Ukraine's bloodiest day of protests, 18+ dead South Africa Parliament Introduces Bill To Legalize Marijuana Rioters seize over 1,500 guns in Ukraine, Government pledges antiterrorism measures Ukraine Police shooting and throwing granades to people in Kijev Live stream China plans to spend 2 trillion yuan, or $330 billion, on an action plan to tackle pollution of its scarce water resources, state media said on Tuesday. Tony Blair gave advice to newspaper executive Rebekah Brooks on handling the phonehacking scandal six days before her arrest, a court has heard. Jane Goodall China Is Colonizing Africa IOC bans Ukraine's athletes from wearing black armbands at Sochi 13 People Believed Killed as Police Storm Ukrainian Protest Camp Greece posts first current account surplus Greece has reached a current account surplus for the first time in 66 years, according to figures released on Wednesday by the Bank of Greece. David Miranda detention at Heathrow airport was lawful, high court rules | Detention of former Guardian journalist's partner was justified by 'very pressing' interests of national security, judges say Tensions Rise as Thousands of Venezuelans March in Protest Venezuela opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez surrenders UK High Court Dismisses Miranda Claim  Supports Terrorism interpretation The Battle for Kiev Begins Head of one of Russia's few independent radio stations is ousted in favor of wife of a Putin crony, fueling concerns that Putin's crackdown on civil liberties and free journalism is intensifying. Ukrainian regime launches a deadly attack on the protesters Tony Blair allegedly offered to advise Rupert Murdoch, phonehacking trial told Venezuela Opposition Leader was arrested Tuesday, after emerging from days of hiding and making an impassioned speech to thousands of supporters, saying he hoped his detention will open Venezuelans' eyes to the increasingly authoritarian bent of their government. b'Chinese ship uses Molotov cocktails to fight off Somali pirates' Tree man's roots begin to grow back  b'Heartbreaking that many hundreds of families in Iceland are in need for food, families hurt, the rich seem to walk away with ease' b' UN split over homosexuality laws  Sixtysix countries at the United Nations have called for homosexuality to be decriminalised. ' b'Mark Felt, the former FBI official who revealed himself to be Deep Throat, the source that exposed the Nixonera Watergate scandal, has died.' b'Man repays 5 debt, 39 years on! (One of those aaaw nice stories)' b'White couple, black man battle for claim to South Africa farm' b'Belgian Government Collapses Over Bank Affair' b'Man viciously beaten in an unprovoked attack is left paralysed  forgives attacker  Why should somebody else's life be ruined?' b'Here We Go Again Mediterranean Fiber Optic Cables Cut, Disrupting Middle East Communications' b'Rwandan genocide mastermind jailed for life' b'Hamas declares Israel truce over ' It's terrorism, pure and simple Suicide mice in cat attack 'Thousands made slaves' in Darfur b'The US government on Wednesday launched steps to seize a 36storey New York office tower allegedly partowned by the Iranian government in violation of sanctions against Tehran.' b'Severed cables bring down phone lines linking Europe, Asia, Mideast' b'Chinese ships will fight pirates' b'After 30 Years, Economic Perils on Chinas Path  NYTimes.com' b'Just How Big is Asias Largest Railway Station? Beijing South' b'Interoute, the internet networks company, reports that three of the four internet subcables that run from Asia to North America have been damaged.' b'Aston Martin designs new London Bus!' b'Charities lose billions following what is perhaps the largest ever pyramid scheme collapse in history' b'Nobel Prize jurors under investigation for bribery' b'Giant squids are mating with undersea subcables again...' b'Iraqi judge Shoetossing reporter was beaten' b'Scientist repeat 1962 Milgram test More than 80% of people torture others when told to do so by an authority figure. Have we learned nothing?' b'I loved her. I tried to approach her many times, but she rejected me. But since I became a pirate, she has tried nine times to get with me.' b'Submarine cables cut again internet and phone links between Middle East, South Asia and Europe lose 65%90% capacity' b'Belgian government offers resignation' b'Bush Won't Condemn Countries That Jail Gays It's disappointing, said Rama Yade, France's human rights minister  b/c of America's long tradition as a defender of human rights.' b'Germany Use antichild pornography software or be denied access to the Internet.' b'Three undersea internet cables in the Mediterranean were severed within minutes of each other. Again.' Belgium's government collapsed on Friday after a top court found signs that it had sought to sway a legal ruling on the future of stricken bank Fortis. b'China blocks Internet access to New York Times' b'In Zimbabwe, $100 million buys a bus ticket' b'Dark side of Argentine sex city' b'An undersea lake of oil may transform Brazils economy forever' b'The Greek Riots in Pictures' Anonymous notes posted outside schools in Mexican city threatening to kidnap pupils if teachers don't give them their endofyear bonuses  give them to who? They're anonymous! b'Robert Mugabe says Zimbabwe is mine, while the central bank unveils a new 10 billion Zimbabwe dollar bank note.' b'Police stripped woman and left her naked for 6 hours' b'Tragedy at Christmas show as actress plunges 25ft to her death in front of horrified audience' b'Japanese whale researchers are at it again.' b'China blocks Internet access to New York Times' b'Amnesty International slams Indian antiterror law' b'China to deploy ships off Somalia' b'Swedish city hit by youth riots' b'Shoe Throwing Reporter Offered A Palestinian Bride' b'Electric Motorcycles Bouy Hondas Hope for Financial Future' b'AFP Iran urges Pakistani clampdown on terrorism' Age old tactics coming into play AlJazeera reports that looters on motorcycles have been apprehended by the crowds, turn out to carry government arms, ID's State TV announces Al Jazeera's broadcasting license and press cards are being revoked. Our bureau is packing up. #jan25 Muslim Brotherhood accept Mohammed Elbaradei as leader of Opposition, declare the need for free and democratic elections  religious goals need to be put on the backburner Not cool  Looters destroy mummies in Egyptian Museum When it comes to politics, there is so much bad news. Here's some good news The UK government is scrapping the ID cards and is destroying the National Identity Register Tell everyone Egypt's revolution is sweet and peaceful
No one wants the Muslim Brotherhood to take over, no one wants violence  just elections and a new constitution Egyptian Army Intervenes To Protect Protesters From Police Brutality The USA does not support democracy, they're supporting Israel, which is like their baby, said Ahmed, a 26yearold Cairo resident. They think Egypt is functional because it's in favor of their considerations. Footage of Egyptians being attacked and police vans driving over the top of people Egyptian newspaper Al Masry Al Youm reports that Egypt's defence minister has joined protesters in Tahrir Square.  Protests Spread To Saudi Arabia Wikileaks ISP refuses data handout to Swedish government Will run all customer traffic through an encrypted VPN service Before the army arrived young Egyptians created a human chain at the museum's front gate to prevent looters from making off with any of the artifacts. A colleague in Sudan asked me to post his video of protests there. #Jan30, #Sudan, #Sudanjan30 The Syrians are watching  In the tea shops and internet cafes of Damascus, Syrians are asking what events in Egypt may mean for them. It appears that the Tor network itself has gained bandwidth capacity and geographical scope thanks to people concerned with the situation in Egypt. Hillary Clinton says U.S. not pushing for ouster of Egyptian President Mubarak  Clinton makes clear in TV interviews Sunday that the United States is not demanding that President Hosni Mubarak step down. She also backs away from earlier threats to pull Egypt's billions of dollars in aid. Regardless of the multiple attempts by the Egyptian authorities to deter and impede our reporting, Al Jazeera continues its comprehensive coverage of the landmark events unfolding in Egypt, Wadah Khanfar, the news organisations's director general said. China blocked the word Egypt from microblog searches in a sign that the Chinese government is concerned that protests calling for political reform in the country could spill into China's internet space. Jewish settlers shoot 2 Palestinians No Arab and Muslim human being can bear that some infiltrators, in the name of freedom of expression, have infiltrated into the brotherly people of Egypt  Saudi King  Egypt Death throes of a dictatorship  Statues of Tutankhamun damaged/stolen from the Egyptian Museum EGYPT Al Jazeera shutdown. Australian consular officials attempting to contact its citizens in Egypt directly. US reportedly telling citizens to leave. Is the crackdown about to commence? An Open Letter to President Barack Obama 5 AlJazeera Journalists Just Got Arrested In Egypt Reddit Londoners Please come protest at Gamal Mubarak's house in London tomorrow (Monday) Al Jazeera's website has seen a 2500% increase in traffic...60% of that is from the U.S. Ugandan lesbian awaiting deportation from England, faces certain torture for her sexuality It is being predicted that Tropical Cyclone Yasi, now barrelling towards the Queensland coast, could be its worst storm in recorded history, deluging the already floodravaged state with up to 40 inches of rain. Islands across the Great Barrier Reef are being evacuated and coastal ports closed. The Egyptian Army states that it will NOT use force against protesters. Its spreading, the Syrians are planing a revolution in February 5th. 'Mega protest' planned in Egypt  Al Jazeera English Libya, with Africa's largest oil reserves and the world's ninth largest, imposes a state of emergency for fear of demonstration and rallies. Bradley Manning says he's hopeful about the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt and is excited by young people using technology to organize the protests WikiLeaks Britain secretly advised Libya how to secure release of Lockerbie bomber If they fire on the Egyptian people, Mubarak is finished, she said. And if they don't fire on the Egyptian people, Mubarak is finished. Of such wisdom are Egyptians now possessed. Noam Chomsky provides excellent break down of the situation in Egypt.. Indian Navy destroys pirate mother ship, arrests pirates China censors Egypt protests 
Government of China trying to limit public knowledge of the unrest in Egypt.  The former Jordanian Foreign Minister says No Arab country is safe and no leader is immune from Tunisia's fate if they do not take immediate steps to improve democratic rights. Egypt Now In FULL Internet Blackout 
2214 Egypt's last working internet service provider, Noor Group, is now down, according to a US web monitoring organisation. What may be the largest cyclone EVER is approaching Australia Is Syria next? Opposition movements calling for mass protests against Assad Libya Bans Soccer Matches in Fear of AntiGovernment Protests Learn from our mistakes  Letter from an Iranian to the people of Egypt As protests simmer in Tunisia, and news shifts to Egypt, reforms risk being forgotten. Egyptian Army Will Not Use Force Against Protesters At least 50,000 people in Tahir Sq as Egypt protests enter day 7 b'A teenage thief picked on the wrong victim when she tried to run off with a bag belonging to pensioner Jean Hirst  a former championship sprinter. ' b'US intel confirms Iran not developing nukes' b'Revolt is in the air' b'U.S. judges accused of jailing kids for cash' Zimbabwe's PM world needs to get over Robert Mugabe b'Ted Rall In America, a French clich goes, people are afraid of the government. In France, the government is afraid of the people...It Couldn't Happen Here. Could It?' UK Government's Former Chief Scientific Adviser Says Iraq War Was About Oil, Not Weapons Of Mass Destruction b'Plane Crashes in Buffalo' b'Authorities charged a man Friday with lighting one of the wildfires that killed a total of more than 180 people in Australia, and whisked him into protective custody to guard him from public fury.' b'Pregnant Brazilian woman attacked and cut by Swiss Neo Nazis, miscarriages' 18 YearOld Having Sex with 14 Year Old Girl gets 10 days in jail...No Sex Offender Regsitry.. Why, He's Connected! b'Jean Charles de Menezes was executed by UK police. No cops will face prosecution. Menezesfamily enraged.' b'Great, Even South America thinks our war on drugs is worthless' b'Peanut Executives REFUSE to EAT THEIR OWN PRODUCT! Are you kidding me??' The 'Asia Produces / US Consumes' Model has Crashed b'Widow of 911 victim dies in Buffalo Flight 3407' b'Officials from the Palestinian group Hamas have said that an 18month ceasefire with Israel will be announced within three days.' b'Yemen takes a tentative step towards social justice, outlaws child brides' Intel wants to save the economy, why isn't the media taking notice? Latin American Leaders Say 'No' to U.S. Drug War b'Beverly Eckert, widow of 9/11 victim, was aboard Flight 3407' b'Beating ploughshares into swords Hamas makes grenades out of medicine bottles from Israeli aid' b' Australian man charged with arson' b'Plane crashes in New York state ' b'Russia to help U.S. in Afghanistan for a price' Rescued Photographer In Syria 'It's Not A War, It's A Massacre' [NPR] Rasquera, a village of 900 near Barcelona, Spain, feeling the crunch of Euroausterity measures and heavy debt, voted to let a nearby cannabis association use a stretch of city land to grow marijuana for its 5000 members Danish prosecutors charged 4 people with terrorism for allegedly planning a shooting attack on a newspaper that had printed cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad UK govt and in particular Ed Vaizey, pressuresing search engines to police search results in a way that goes well beyond notice and takedown...  a system to promote good music resellers and demote bad in the search rankings Rick Falkvinge How Microsoft Pays Big Money To Smear Google In European Parliament Israeli PM demands Obama commit to military action if Iran sanctions fail 'Secret' Archive in Vatican Opened in Public Display  WSJ.com Wukan holds its election after protests that cowed officialdom  Chinese village goes to the polls to elect new leaders after running authorities out of town over land grabs
 Moody's downgrades Greece to lowest level  The credit agency becomes the second in one week to downgrade the country's rating even after announced debtswap deal. The Arab Spring arrives in Hong Kong Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Hong Kong today, calling for universal suffrage and criticizing Donald Tsang, the citys chief executive, for allegedly accepted perks from local tycoons.  While tens of thousands of its citizens were dying from famine, the U.N.backed Somali government spent only $1 million on social services despite having $58 million in revenue, according to a report by a former Somali government official. Vladimir Putin poised to regain Kremlin; protests likely Syria Stops Red Cross from Entering Homs Satellite images show what Bashar's military is capable of in Syria Japan PM 'No individual to blame for Fukushima' Don't Underestimate Israel's Capability To Strike Iran, Insiders Say Skeptics say the Jewish state may not be able to deal a fatal blow to an Iranian nuclearweapons program. But maybe that's what Jerusalem wants you to think. Thief steals Dublin saint's heart, that was housed in a wooden box surrounded by an iron cage (With Photo) Russian Chamber of Commerce suspends contacts with Syria Chinese rebel village of Wukan hold first democratic elections after land grabs; Not going to spread says Beijing Some Real Heroes Syrias Humanitarian Martyrs  The world ignores the repression in Syria just as it effectively ignored the repression in Iran. There are no protests in the streets of Western capitals; no meetings or teachins on Western campuses.  North Korean defectors' grim fate Seoul activists are working to save North Korean defectors in China from repatriation  and a likely death.
 Lawyer Costa Concordia captain wasn't wearing his glasses Ireland faces long road back to borrowing  Of all Europes crisis countries, Ireland has been perhaps the most adamant about pushing ahead with the budgetary, banking and other steps urged by its international lenders. Excellent obituary of a brave Dutch doctor who hid 100 Jews in her attic during the Holocaust Venezuela does not fear sanctions, will continue to supply Syria with oil Mexico Just Legalized Vigilantism And Then Captured A Huge Cartel Leader Worldfirst Edward Snowden interview reveals NSA spying on billions of innocents. Its clear that there are times where what is lawful is distinct from what is rightful... and it doesnt take long for an American or German to think of historic examples. World's Largest Shark Slaughterhouse Uncovered in China Salvation Army officers locked boys in cage, raped and beat them while the Army's leadership often failed to discipline or remove the perpetrators ISPs No Longer Have to Block The Pirate Bay, Dutch Court Rules Spain's prime minister is trying to ban abortion despite almost no support from the people  In the midst of a jobs crisis and economic dysfunction, Spain now must face a bitter debate over government plans to radically restrict womens rights. Ugandan president Yoweri Museveni said he will only sign the country's 'AntiHomosexuality Bill' if scientists can prove that gay people are not born that way NSA and GCHQ target 'leaky' phone apps like Angry Birds to scoop user data Congress secretly approves U.S. weapons flow to 'moderate' Syrian rebels Hairless hero Iranian teacher shaves head in solidarity with bullied pupil Ali Mohammadian's gesture, copied by his entire class of 23 pupils, stops bullying and attracts praise from all over country Sochi Olympics sponsor CocaCola wants to share a Coke, but not with gay people CocaCola's bid to downplay its sponsorship of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics took a blow this week, when it emerged that the word 'gay' is banned from its customisable 'share a Coke' function. Ukraine president accepts resignation of PM, entire cabinet The British government is unlawfully hiding over a million documents about its colonial past. But it could soon be forced to release them. Rooftop solar PV will soon be cheaper than coal  Even in northern Germany, where there is little sun, solar can be generated at 0.14c/kWh, half the cost of gridbased electricity. President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority said in an interview aired Tuesday that he could accept an Israeli military presence in the West Bank for a threeyear transition period as part of a peace deal. In North Korea, meth is offered as casually as a cup of tea NSA uses apps like 'Angry Birds' to snatch your personal data including players location, age, sex and other personal information Chinese steelmakers and power plants are being forced to shop around for higherquality raw materials to meet tougher air pollution standards, a move that will be a boon for global mining giants that produce premiumgrade iron ore and coal. Anyone using Google Maps on a smartphone is working in support of a GCHQ system one 2008 document from the British intelligence agency is quoted as saying. Jew, France is Not Yours Chant AntiGovernment Demonstrators in Paris Convicted Chinese ivory smuggler faces a record $233,000 fine or 7years in jail in Kenya Flatulent cows start fire at German dairy farm Ukraine 'to scrap' antiprotest law Swedish divers unearth a 'Stone Age Atlantis' 11,000yearold ancient settlement discovered under the Baltic Sea Ukrainian prime minister offers to resign You're sending the wrong signal to billions of people living in undemocratic states Angela Merkel attacks US and UK spying tactics. Americas health craze for fish oil is wiping out the worlds rarest shark Two Norwegian politicians nominate Snowden for the Nobels Peace price. US bans students from Syria, Iran, Sudan and Cuba from accessing Coursera, the nonprofit organization offering free Massive Open Online Courses China confirmed for the first time that H7N9 bird flu has spread from person to person Stem cell 'major discovery' claimed Scientists in Japan showed stem cells can now be made quickly just by dipping blood cells into acid A French television programme is set to reveal a potentially damming audio recording in which the late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi claims he helped bankroll former French president Nicolas Sarkozys 2007 presidential campaign Gay Sex Is a Crime and Will Stay a Crime, Says Indias Top Judges Angry Birds firm calls for industry to respond to NSA spying revelations | Rovio rethinks relationship with ad platforms; CEO tells users it was not complicit in surveillance; 'We do not collaborate or share data with spy agencies' NSA, GCHQ mapping political alignment of cellphone users The programs do not primarily target terrorists, but workers, intellectuals, and students. Japan Nintendo President Cuts Salary After Disappointing Profits in 2013 Huge swath of GCHQ mass surveillance is illegal, says top lawyer JP Morgan IT executive plunges to death at bank's London HQ Beijing forces U.S. reporter to leave China to punish foreign news organizations for exposing the tremendous wealth amassed by close relatives of top Communist Party leaders. Angela Merkel warns US over surveillance in first speech of third term  'A programme in which the end justifies all means  violates trust,' German chancellor says Russia and U.S. to sign treaty prolonging ISS operations until 2024 Michael Schumacher is being awakened today Pollution in Delhi is worse than Beijing; Indians have the world's weakest lungs Olympic Sponsors Were Warned About Sochi; Now McDonald's and CocaCola Are Having a PR Nightmare Ukraine 'on brink of civil war'  Ukraine's first postindependence president says the country is on the brink of civil war as he opens debate on an amnesty for detained protesters JPMorgan Technology VP Dies in Fall From London Headquarters Black Carbon Pollution is 23 Times Worse in India & China Than Previously Thought  Black carbon is a an air pollutant that comes from burning fossil fuels and biomass. New studies have found that it is contributing much more to both local air pollution and climate change than previously thought. Multiple sclerosis 'linked to food bug'. Lab tests in mice by the team from Weill Cornell Medical College revealed a toxin made by a rare strain of Clostridium perfringens caused MSlike damage in the brain. Justin Trudeau to remove senators from Liberal caucus Shark Cull Western Australia Kills First Shark with 4 Head Shots Oxfam Combined wealth of the 85 richest people is equal to that of the poorest 3.5 billion  half the world's population Vladimir Putin opens the door to permanent Russian asylum for Snowden Asked whether Snowden could stay as long as he wants, Putin replied Yes, sure, definitely. It's bobsled time Jamaican team raises $25,000 in Dogecoin Robot spaceship built by European Space Agency just 'woke up' after 2.5 years of hibernation, prepares to shoot a harpoon into the ChuryumovGerasimenko comet and travel with it for over a year in a style similar to that of the Moby Dick novel. UN confirms Iran has begun implementing nuclear deal, stopping enrichment, reducing stockpiles Nasa says 'doughnut rock' on Mars is like nothing weve ever seen before The German justice system will not stand idly by if the efforts of the NSA blithely continue here  Germany reacts to Obama's NSA reforms In an unusual move, U.S. ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy has expressed deep concern over the traditional dolphin hunt in western Japan, where local fisherman corral dolphins in a secluded bay before killing many for meat. 1% of families own 46% of total global wealth Canada cancels state visit by Nigerian president over country's antigay law. Credit card details from almost half of all South Koreans have been stolen and sold to marketing firms. Dogecoin raises over $30,000 for Jamaican Olympic Bobsled team in just over 24 hours Bill and Melinda Gates predict a world with almost no poor countries by 2035 Beijing residents are NOT watching fake sunrises on giant TVs because of pollution France warns Europe could be 'overwhelmed' by jihadis returning from Syria Japanese dolphin killing condemned by US ambassador Oxfam 85 richest people as wealthy as half of the world's population  As World Economic Forum starts in Davos, development charity claims that growing inequality has been driven by a 'power grab' by wealthy elites Christian mob in CAR burns Muslims in street Of the first 20 captives to arrive at Guantnamo 12 years ago, 11 remain there. The general in command then reflects on that time and says the prisons should be closed. 3Dprinted prosthetics How a $100 arm is giving hope to Sudan's 50,000 war amputees Putin Russia must 'cleanse' itself of gays, but they shouldn't fear Sochi 6.3 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand's North island. Ukraine Protesters attacking Government Building [Live Stream] NHS patient data to be made available for sale to drug and insurance companies Tomb of ancient Egypt's beer maker to gods of the dead discovered Ukraine's Capital is literally revolting (Livestream) Science and information suppression is getting so bad in Canada, researchers are squirreling away large volumes of data in their basements for others to use. A BBC photo of a men's cubicle with twin toilets at a Sochi Olympics venue has caused a Twitter storm in Russia Thailand declares state of emergency in Bangkok ExBritish Prime Minister Tony Blair subjected to citizen's arrest at top London restaurant over 'illegal' war in Iraq A senior Italian cleric has been charged with laundering millions through the Vatican bank. He is already on trial and under house arrest on separate charges of plotting to smuggle 20m euros into Italy. The former Vatican accountant and two other people were served with arrest warrants on Tuesday After another night of violence, Russia tells Europeans not to interfere in Ukraine Russia has called on European governments not to interfere in the political crisis in Ukraine. The statement followed another night of violent clashes between antigovernment protesters and police in Kyiv Health Canada scientists are so concerned about losing access to their research library that some are squirrelling away journals and books in their garages for colleagues to consult, says a report obtained by CBC News (Xpost from /r/Canada) French Minister Slams Spain's 'Stone Age' Abortion Law Snowden to ask Russian police for protection after US threats  lawyer Japanese fishermen begin annual slaughter of hundreds of dolphins Annual cull goes ahead in defiance of worldwide criticism The Catalan National Assembly collects 235,000 signatures for independence in one weekend Personal credit card data of 20 million South Koreans  or 40% of the country's population  has been stolen, sparking outrage and resignations Evidence of 'industrialscale killing' by Syria spurs call for war crimes charges | World news Germany Has Recovered a Paltry 5 Tons of Gold from the NY Fed After One Year Swiss Guard veteran claims existence of 'gay network' at the Vatican Former commandant Elmar Mder says there is a 'secret society of homosexuals' at Holy See, and that it imperils pope's security Ukraine Tracks Protesters Through Cellphones The European Space Agency has successfully received a signal from the Rosetta spacecraft on its way to land on a comet The University of Cumbria (UK) becomes first public university in the world to accept Bitcoin in tuition fees. South Sudan hospital patients 'shot in their beds' It is thought that up to 10,000 people have been killed in the South Sudanese conflict and a half a million displaced. Angry S Koreans flood banks after data leak Homophobic? Not me, says Putin... I like Elton John Image published by embassy in Japan shows Fukushima melted fuel deep underground European tax loopholes  which allows Google to pay just 0.1% income tax in UK  to be closed Scholar Wins Court Battle to Purge Name From U.S. NoFly List. Total Costs of this Battle $3,8M Dear subscriber, you are registered as a participant in a mass disturbance. a text message that thousands of Ukrainian protesters spontaneously received on their cell phones today, as a new law prohibiting public demonstrations went into effect. Injured Ukraine activists disappearing from Kyiv hospitals Pope Francis has challenged the world's business elite to do more to help the poor and vulnerable Snowden If 'Country Is Helped,' Ending Up in Ditch 'Worth It'  In New Yorker interview, Snowden says 'I acted alone' and calls spy accusations by Republican congressman 'absurd' Syria accuses the west of pouring arms into the hands of terrorists. The west claims to fight terrorism, but it secretly feeds terrorism. Ukraine 2 dead from bullets near Kiev barricades N.S.A. and the F.B.I. officials have said their investigations have turned up NO evidence that Mr. Snowden was aided by others. Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, who pledged last year to go clean after a cracksmoking scandal, admitted on Tuesday he had been drinking again after a video surfaced of him ranting about police surveillance in a mock Jamaican accent in a suburban eatery China executes man who held six women as sex slaves in his basement and murdered two of them Guardian blocked in China after story about leadership's offshore wealth Mafia murder 3 year old boy Nicola Campolongo over his grandfather's debts Almost 80% of Russians see solution for terrorism in liquidating terrorists  poll Argentina limits online purchases on foreign sites to 2 per year. First year University of Toronto student develops new treatment for malaria China's exports linked to western U.S. air pollution  In the western United States, Chinese pollution related to exports contribute up to 12% to 24% of daily sulfate concentrations BBC Ukraine police storm Kiev protest barricades Rare Blue Diamond found in South Africa's Cullinan mine. The exceptional 29.6 carat blue diamond is the latest rare stone to be found in the Cullinan mine. Text messages warn Ukraine protesters they are 'participants in mass riot' Brazil's poor are protesting income inequality in an awesome way Brazilians are shutting down upscale shopping malls with flash mobs, dancing and BBQs Google's Eric Schmidt calls surveillance a luxury problem, denies knowledge of NSA tapping of firm NSA files Snowden says 'I acted alone' and rubbishes Russian spy claims. Former spy agency contractor tells magazine that attempt to link him to FSB are 'absurd'. Air pollution from Asia affecting world's weather State of Emergency Begins in Thailand A Star Just Exploded In A Nearby Galaxy. Closest of its kind in 30 years Human Rights Watch annual report 2014 criticises NSA mass surveillance | States with poor human rights records may use spying scandal as excuse to clamp down on internet freedom, report warns Netflix warns it will provoke customer protest if ISPs violate net neutrality principles Video of riot police stripping detained protester naked in the snow at tempatures below 0 while taking pictures of him. Reports of police torture continue in Kyiv, Ukraine. Ukraine revolt Livestream (sticky post) Ukraine One of kidnapped protestors was found in a forest, tortured to death A Ghost Ship filled with cannibal rats possibly headed for British Coast 29 images of Kiev protests resembling a war zone Hong Kong Billioniare doubles his offer from 40M to 80m to any man who can turn his lesbian daughter straight India,20yearold tribal woman tied to tree, gangraped on orders of village council for falling in love with other caste man Pope Francis says the internet is a 'gift from God' Martial Law declared in Kiev Norwegians caught selling whale meat snacks at the world's largest eco food fair, could go to prison for five years. A Ukrainian student has told the BBC he was tortured by riot police after being arrested during violent clashes in Kiev on Monday night. Mikhailo Niskoguz says he was taking photos before being detained by police, beaten and cut with a knife. Weapons used by protesters in Kiev Porn found on mobile phone of member of Saudi religious police Woman, 79, who refused to fill out census found guilty of violating Statistics Act Kenya Burns Indigenous People Out of Ancestral Lands  Govt sends Forest Service guards with police support to forcibly & illegally evict thousands of Sengwer indigenous people from their ancestral forest lands & burn their homes & belongings. A record 1,004 rhinos were killed in South Africa in 2013. Valiant efforts by concerned citizens can't compete with the international smuggling operations that have zeroed in on South Africa in recent years. Thousands of Nigerians throw stones into Sharia trial of gay men demanding speedier executions It is 10 to 20 in Kiev and police are using water canons Ukraine opposition issues ultimatum, will go on offensive if demands aren't met Ukraine protests Russia will not intervene, says Vladimir Putin spokesman Prime Ministers Office Tries to Silence Pipeline Critics; Labels Environmental GroupEnemy of the Government of Canada Snowden Calls RussianSpy Story 'Absurd' in Exclusive Interview  The media has a major role to play in American society, and theyre really abdicating their responsibility to hold power to account. Beijing bans new refining, steel, coal power to curb pollution Mexican drug lord busted by his Instagram feed  pictures in article Snowden I think a person should be able to dial a number, make a purchase, send an SMS, write an email, or visit a Web site without having to think about what it's going to look like on their permanent record. We did not develop this medicine for Indians...we developed it for western patients who can afford it, says Pharmaceutical CEO on expensive cancer drug patent Ukraine Police undress arrested to take group photos with him [NSFW] Kidnapped Ukrainian protestor Verbytsky found dead; activist Lutsenko describes abduction German Olympians will be wearing rainbowcolored uniforms in Sochi Denmark may soon be the first country in the world to issue a ban on nontherapeutic circumcision of boys. Calls it Genital Mutilation. Meanwhile, Israel tries hard to block changes that are broadly perceived in Europe as a clear step forward in children's human rights. 12 gauge Brass Slugs Fired At Ukraine Protesters Every half hour, police keep bringing corpses to a Kyiv morgue A Ukrainian Journalist Explains 10 Things The West Needs To Know About The Situation In Kiev No, an Abandoned Ship Full of Diseased Rats Is Not Floating Towards Britain Outrage after Ukraine policeman filmed abusing naked protester Two killer whales, which can grow up to 22ft long and swim 100 miles a day, are set to be kept in a small concrete tank for display during the Sochi Olympics British man sentenced to death in Pakistan for blasphemy Ukraine's Capital Descends Into Chaos Ukraine's Yanukovich spurns opposition, more barricades go up Russia will not end Snowden's asylum Thailand is the third largest exporter of seafood in the world, supplying supermarkets in Europe and America, but is accused of crewing fishing boats with Burmese and Cambodian Slaves. And if people can't work, aren't useful on board, they can be Killed and thrown overboard Ukraine protesters seize building, put up more barricades Snowden admits in interview The people at the working level at the NSA, CIA, or any other member of the [Intelligence Community] are not out to get you. They're good people trying to do the right thing... do have a role to play. Justin Trudeau says Canada should draw on best practices from marijuana legalization in Colorado, Washington. Last summer, Trudeau admitted to smoking pot after becoming an MP and has maintained that legalization in Canada is a good idea. Ukrainians are capturing state administrations across the country US Judge Rules That AntiGay Scott Lively Must Stand Trial for Crimes Against Humanity In Uganda Russia has accused the European Union of the aggressive propaganda of homosexual love in order to force an alien view of homosexuality on all countries worldwide Norway's Progress Party demands personal apology from Obama after his nomination for Norway's new ambassador described its members as fringe elements who spew out their hatred Pope The Internet is a gift from God that facilitates communication, but he warns that the obsessive desire to stay connected can actually isolate people from their friends and family Bank refuses to give customers their money, unless they tell it why they want it. Stephen Hawking announces in surprising statement that 'black holes', as most people, even physicists, understand them, do not exist. Confirmed Protesters in Ukraine Kidnapped From Hospitals And Executed Hong Kong to Incinerate One of Biggest Ivory Stockpiles in the World  Acting against a centuriesold tradition of carving ivory into religious objects, govt will destroy it as a deterrent to poachers who kill up to 96 elephants a day across Africa. Ukraine revolt open discussion thread #2 (sticky post) French MP fined for saying Hitler 'didnt kill enough Gypsies Ukraine's riot police accused of brutality Ukraine protesters reject deal with president Ukraine antigovernment protesters try to seize energy ministry in Kiev US Will Stand With the People of Ukraine  Kerry | World Israels abortion law now among worlds most liberal. Despite its conservative leanings, government approves free pregnancy termination for nearly all women, and it barely causes a ripple. 'We didn't make this medicine for Indians we made it for western patients who can afford it' Pharmaceutical chief tries to stop India replicating its cancer treatment. Britons returning to the UK from Syria will be stopped at the border and face arrest, a senior police chief has said. Sir Peter Fahy, Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police, told the BBC there was huge concern Britons returning after fighting in Syria pose a threat to the UK. How Ukrainian Authorities Are Using Smartphones as Weapons Against Protesters Plight of slave maid who was beaten everyday for eight months Cuba to freeze foreign funds linked to al Qaeda, Taliban Man tortured by police in video returns to EuroMaidan, talks to journalists Letter to Obama from American detained in Egypt Twitter trolls jailed over menacing abuse sent to feminist campaigner. Egyptian embassy staff seized in Libya European Court of Human Rights fasttracks case against GCHQ; more organizations launch legal challenges to UK spying N. Korea objects to US nuclear weapons being brought to South Korea Irish Town Shuts Down Blasphemous Play Poland to investigate alleged CIA secret prison following new developments [xpost /r/LegalNews] Ukraine Fragile Truce in Kiev as Protests Spread Across Country All relatives of the executed uncle of North Korean leader Kim Jongun, including children and the country's ambassadors to Cuba and Malaysia, have been put to death at the leader's instruction Canada's Yukon Territory opening one of largest unbroken wilderness areas in N America to mining & mineral exploration  Decree stuns indigenous leaders who support 2011 plan maintaining 80% of the wilderness. New plan opens 71% to mining. Ukraine's President Yanukovych offers PM position to opposition leader Pentagon unveils plan to keep 10,000 troops in Afghanistan A group of UK climate activists have had their convictions for hijacking a coal train quashed after revelations have arose that one of the most active members was actually an undercover police officer who encouraged their actions. Extremist religion is at root of 21stcentury wars, says Tony Blair Six Muslim Siblings Jailed For Attempted Kidnap Of Sarah Harrison For Having Relationship With Sister HSBC uturn on restricting large withdrawals Former imam of the mosque of Pau ordered to leave France after faking hate crime against his own mosque [Google Translate] This is the one map you need to understand Ukraines crisis Orthodox priests in Ukraine step into line of fire to stop deadly protests Jailed ex Ukrainian prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko supports the protesters... Chinese teenager kills himself to save the life of his brother. Swedish Public Television Claims Copyright Publication Rights To Everybody's Sports Photos If Posted On Twitter Police forced to abandon Kiev conference centre to opposition On Thursday, in a questionandanswer session on the Free Snowden website, Snowden ruled out returning to the United States, where he said there was no chance of a free trial. Report from Kiev by Russian journalist Bangkok  Hundreds of thousands of Thais were blocked from voting on Sunday as antigovernment demonstrators obstructed polling places in Bangkok and southern Thailand in a campaign to suspend democracy and replace Parliament with an unelected peoples council. Egypt calls early presidential election as violence spreads ISIS and AlNusra Declare War on Lebanon Danish government taking flak for Goldman Sachs deal Ukraine 2014 Riots Livestream A new poll suggest support for Scottish independence from the UK has significantly increased. Twitter rape threats land UK pair in jail  charged for improper use of a public electronic communications network The Philippines has agreed the final section of a peace deal with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) fighting a longrunning insurgency in the south of the country. It is the fourth part of a roadmap for peace with the HSBC is paying $2 billion, or 5 weeks' worth of its profit, to avoid criminal charges in drug cartel laundering case Pope Francis is preparing a new faith defining document on 'Human Ecology' People must defend and respect nature UK Considers putting persistent internet pirates in jail and increase the maximum jail time for digital infringement to 10 years Ukraine warns of state of emergency Russian anticorruption politician Navalny reveals the mindboggling amount wasted and stolen on the Sochi 2014 Olympics in an interactive infographic! Wanted dead by US officials, Snowden tells German TV | Fugitive former NSA contractor Edward Snowden has claimed that US government officials want to kill me in an exclusive interview which German television says it conducted in Moscow. China installed more solar panels in 2013 than any country ever has Ukraine man found dead hanging from Independence Square protest 'tree' Documents reveal national embarrassment over UK govt role in letting fraudster use diplomats and soldiers to sell worthless bomb detectors to Thailand, Mexico, Lebanon, Philippines and several African countries Vaccine fears are causing an influx of preventable disease Ukraine protests 'spread' into Russiainfluenced east The European Union Will Not Be Regulating Fracking For Natural Gas Police in Japan arrest a factory worker, 49yearold Toshiki Abe, who sickened up to 2,800 people by lacing more than six million packets of frozen food (such as pizza and chicken nuggets) with malathion, a pesticide used for killing fleas, over four shifts last October. The mayor of Sochi, host of the Winter Olympics, has said there are no gay people in the city. Vancouver man appalled at Sochi conditions after working on ski, snowboarding courses 440,000 Thai voters prevented from voting Thai protest leader Suthin Tharathin shot dead Pepsi One contains high levels of cancer causing chemical  Study The money spent on preparing the UK for the impacts of global warming has almost halved since the environment secretary, Owen Paterson widely regarded as a climate change sceptic  took office. Critics called the cuts shocking and complacent. In a recently published interview in Bloomberg Businessweek, Bayer CEO Marijn Dekkers said that his companys cancer drug isnt for poor people. We did not develop this medicine for Indianswe developed it for western patients who can afford it, he said back in December. China's Jade Rabbit moon rover that has broken down on the surface of the moon may be beyond repair, state media hints The massive scale of human suffering still stuns us  German President writes letter to Vladimir Putin on anniversary of Leningrad siege and Auschwitz liberation Argentine activists win first round against Monsanto plant H7N9 Bird Flu Kills First Doctor Abhorrent Hundreds of mentally ill children in England and Wales 'locked in police cells', some for over 24 hours as officers had no place else to take them. South Korea's parliament votes to legalize chemical castration as punishment for convicted child sex offenders b'Pope rebukes cardinal who exposed abuse nPublic dressing down for man praised for criticism of church abuse coverups.' b'This depression is similar to the Great Panic of 1873; The US and Europe are heading towards deflation, tens of millions will never work again. It is the victory of an orthodoxy [..] whose main tenet is that imposing suffering on other people is how you show leadership in tough times.' b'The Niger Delta has experienced oil spills on par with the Exxon Valdez disaster every year for the past halfcentury, according to one report. But it has never received the attention being paid to the U.S. Gulf Coast' b'G20 Toronto  So Black Block get green light to rampage, yet innocent people get the shit beat out of them' b'Half of Afghanistans 476 women prisoners were detained for moral crimese.g., refusing to marry, or attempted adultery.' The German economy is rapidly improving, with many manufacturers struggling to keep up with demand. But not all are happy with the country's recovery. Many say that Germany's export gains are coming at the expense of its trading partners. b'Two Egyptian police officers charged with brutal death of blogger/activist' b'Russia sending armoured vehicles to West Bank' b'Police Lied About Law Demanding G20 Protesters Show ID' b'Afghanistan, June, 2010, in pictures' b'The Karzai government is crumbling before our eyes, and if we delude ourselves that this is not the case, we could yet face a replay of 1842. Why the Taliban is winning in Afghanistan' b'Today, a Mafia hit in Montreal. A journalist is threatened against photographing mafia members at the scene. Blood flows soon like a smashed head on a dashboard.' b'Greek anger over austerity measures spills on to Athens streets  thousands of bewildered tourists being stranded' b'War by other means By paying local police, the US may be funding the Taliban by another name' b'G20 Jailed female protesters say they were strip searched and threatened ' b'Journalist couple gunned down in Mexico, motive not yet established' b'Greece bombings groups of southern European anarchists with unclear aims and tenuous links are blamed' b'UK firm paid bribes to sell Iraqis toxic fuel additive' b'In a bid to maintain its presence in mainland China, Google to stop redirecting users in China to uncensored site' b'Hundreds Die in New Darfur Clashes, Nobody Notices' BBC News  Russian spy suspect missing in Cyprus, say police  why you don't let a suspected spy out on bail b'Airport body scanners deliver radiation dose 20 times higher than first thought, warns expert.' Iraq inquiry secret documents showing Tony Blair's frustration published (Lord Goldsmith personally handed Mr Blair a draft legal note warning that he did not accept that prior UN Security Council resolutions relating to Iraq could be used to justify war. ) Apartheid loves apartheid Israel's secret relationship with racist South Africa revealed WARNING all 637,000 @wikileaks followers are a target of US gov subpoena against Twitter, under section 2. B BBC asks If confidential details of overseas Twitter users are disclosed to the US authorities, how keen will an international audience be to trust this or other American social networks in future? Should social networks give up data to help in legal proceedings?  A new country is about to be born. Lets all hope South Sudan finally becomes free.  WikiLeaks Brazil did not see Chavez as a threat, refused US offers to share intelligence  When the hearing went ahead after five hours, no public prosecutor turned up because of fears for their safety Sound familiar? Chinese teams teaching Taliban how to use man portable SAM's for use against NATO forces Meanwhile in Denmark... 46% of expat foreigners dont feel wanted or welcome in Denmark. My telephone conversation with David Pitchford, 
the guy who is suing Julian Assange, Jan 9th. U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates . . . my general line for those both at home and around the world who think the US is in decline is that history's dustbins are filled with countries that underestimated the resilience of the United States. Hamas urges armed factions in Gaza to halt rocket attacks Bulldozers begin work for Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem  Bulldozers began tearing down a former hotel building Sunday to make way for a Jewish housing development in an Arab neighborhood of East Jerusalem, pushing ahead with a contentious project that has raised concerns in Washington. Africa's Hour  Laurent Gbagbo's refusal to give up power isn't just a crisis for the Ivory Coast  it's a moment of truth for the whole continent. Pakistan rally backs blasphemy law  The 1,700yearold Christian monastery hidden deep in Egypt's desert Hackers celebrate North Korea heir's birthday
| Reuters Modern China is determined to become the world's leading knowledge innovator. This has been planned for decades and will inevitably start to happen  very soon. Innovation is a Chinese tradition. German secret service knew where Adolf Eichmann was hiding since 1952 (use Google translate) Israel demolishes historic hotel to make way for new settlement  After demolishing home by mistake, occupation soldier had to go back and tear down the other house Thousands head south for Sudan vote  Africa  Al Jazeera English Four killed in fresh clashes in Tunisia Tomorrow, Sudan will vote on a referendum for Southern independence from the North Chinese troops enter Indian territory again New Subreddit to aggregate all news on the ongoing Tunisian Revolt.  Please help the story of the Tunisian people get more exposure!  German minister urges tough action over dioxins scandal Nearly 500 new female genital mutilation cases identified in England last month. Lithuania to ban sale of energy drinks to minors. WHO said Lithuania will prove to be an example for all other European Countries. Britain may use a mediaeval law dating to 1351 to charge citizens with treason if they go to fight with Islamic State insurgents in Iraq and Syria, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said. Giant inflatable 'sex toy' sculpture in Paris is meant to be a Christmas tree In a decision that could mark the end of Europes most violent neoNazi force, a Greek prosecutor has demanded that Golden Dawns entire parliamentary group stand trial for criminal offences Jamaica imposes ban on travelers from Ebolastricken countries Colombia cancels flights from West Africa because of Ebola Only 12% of drone victims in Pakistan identified as militants report Full horror of the Yazidis who didnt escape Mount Sinjar UN confirms 5,000 men were executed and 7,000 women are now kept as sex slaves Russian HIV vaccine ready for phase two clinical trials Glenn Greenwald UN Report Finds Mass Surveillance Violates International Treaties and Privacy Rights For the first time in its 500year history, visitors will see the Sistine Chapel ceiling by Michelangelo in full color. Starting this month, the Vatican is installing 7,000 LEDs to more vibrantly, fully and accurately illuminate the space than ever before. Nigeria and Boko Haram 'agree ceasefire' and are releasing the kidnapped school girls NZ is now in the UN Security Council Spanish authorities reported four new patients with suspected Ebola symptoms on Thursday, including a feverish passenger who started shaking on an Air France flight to Madrid and a Spanish priest who had recently been in Liberia. BBC to publish Google 'right to be forgotten' removals list Dark matter may have been detected streaming from the suns core ISIS captured 3 Syrian fighter planes NASAs Hubble Finds Extremely Distant Galaxy through Cosmic Magnifying Glass Pakistan court upholds blasphemy death sentence of a Christian woman Crimeans given three months to voluntarily hand in banned literature [TRANSLATION] Police launch dawn raid to clear Hong Kong protest zone Russian Defense Budget to Hit Record $81 Billion in 2015 U.S. Calls for Probe Into Beating of Political Activist by Hong Kong Police In the video, Tsang is arrested before being taken around a corner and beaten while on the ground with his hands bound by a plastic tie. Russia And China Want To Build The Longest HighSpeed Railway In The World To Connect Them Wind blows away fossil power in the Nordics, the Baltics next. The arrival of wind power on a large scale has pushed electricity prices down, eroding profitability of fossil power stations. Rhino horn demand in Vietnam drops by more than 33% in one year | Information campaign successfully changes minds of people who think rhino horn has medicinal value Don't threaten or warn us, says India to China after unveiling plans to construct roads all the way up to Chinese border to match troop and infrastructure build up by the Chinese. Doctors Without Borders We've 'Reached Our Ceiling,' Maxed Out Ebola Aid Resources Saudi Arabia to reward outstanding teachers with BMW cars and cash gifts A solar car built by Australian students has broken the electric vehicle world speed record The Islamic State militant group has been driven out of most of the northern Syrian town of Kobane, a Kurdish commander tells the BBC. Baharin Kandal said IS fighters had retreated from all areas of the border town, except for two pockets of resistance in the east. The Islamic State has seized three trucks with school textbooks for Iraqi schools at the country's border with Jordan and is demanding $108,000 for their passage Colombian farmers sue BP for $29M over land degredation  Our water has been damaged by sedimentation since the pipeline was laid & I've lost cattle. I can no longer keep pigs or chickens. We have hope & faith the high court in London will deliver justice to us. Three Dutch members of the infamous motorbike gang No Surrender have gone to Iraq to help fight ISIL. France gives China 12mhigh FireBreathing Dragon Robot to Celebrate Anniversary of Diplomatic Ties Lockheed We'll Build Compact Reactor in a Year. Caribbean Island St. Lucia No visitors from Ebolastricken nations Isis 'behead their own fighters' for spying and embezzlement in Syria Kurdish Activists Stage ISIS Sex Slave Market in Central London Plane from Paris isolated in Madrid over potential ebola case A case in which 100 Colombian farmers are suing British oil giant BP for environmental damage opened in the High Court in London The Ministry of Health in Sierra Leone has announced that deadly Ebola has come to the last untouched district in the nation. Putin Vows to Protect Polar Bear Habitat as Russia Militarizes Arctic Muslim Leader Denied Entry To Jamaica In The Interest Public Safety US Strikes near Kobani have killed hundreds of Islamic State fighters Chinese medical research group claims to discover 'virological penicillin'. Plant microRNA, MIR2911, which is enriched in honeysuckle, directly targets influenza A viruses (IAV) including H1N1, H5N1 and H7N9. Hong Kong's top media official shared fake photo of beaten cop Toronto child porn case triggers scandal in Britain  Toronto police sent the British authorities the names of about 2,000 men in July 2012 as part of a sweeping investigation spanning 90 countries Officials Egyptian warplanes are bombing positions held by Islamist militias in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi 'Marijuana cannon' used to fire drugs over US border seized in Mexico South Africa shock as 'police dragging' video man dies The Pilot of the Hot Air Balloon that crashed jumped while it was 5 meters off the ground and let the tourists float up on their own Australian Muslim men charged with assault for enforcing Sharia law on recent Muslim convert by whipping him with electrical cord North Korean prison camp was the only life he knew  Camp 14 Total Control Zone is the harrowing and unmissable story of a man born in a North Korean prison camp.
 Secret War on Enemy Within British terror suspects quietly stripped of citizenship then killed by drones  

 Govt  secretly ramps up  controversial program that strips people of  British citizenship on national security grounds  with 2 of the men subsequently killed by American drone attacks Two to tango China accuses U.S. of almost 100,000 hacking attempts per month last year What Happened To The Aid Meant To Rebuild Haiti? Bangladesh sentences Islamist leader to death for war crimes Asda's 'Made in Italy' tomato puree actually hails from China Japan to Begin Restarting Idled Nuclear Plants All of Japans 50 operable nuclear reactors were shut down following the 2011 tsunami BBC News  EU agrees to cap bankers' bonuses The Harlem Shake becomes a protest in Egypt and Tunisia Chinese Woman Left Humiliated After Fake Baby Bump Tube Seat Con Is Exposed Court orders UK ISPs to block more piracy sites European Union Moves Toward Bonus Cap for Bankers South African police drag man 400m behind police van. (Video) Police assaulting a cameraman during a protest against the summit on higher education in Montreal (French video) Shell says it will pause drilling in Arctic Ocean for 2013 Millionaire Dennis Tito to send couple on manned Mars mission on Jan. 5, 2018 Australia makes largest meths seizure. 'Australian police say they have made their largestever seizure of the drug methamphetamine hidden in a shipment from southern China' First Tweet from North Korea  Hello World emember the hibernating Swede  Lived 2 months in a snowed in car and lost 60% of his body weight? New interview explaining why he did it. *translation in comments* BBC News  Greek exmayor jailed for life for embezzlement FOSS Patents UK judge who issued extreme ruling for Samsung against Apple hired by... Samsung! Doctors Without Borders loses 9 medics to Ebola Protesters burn state capital building in Mexico over the disappearance of 43 young people believed abducted by local police linked to a drug cartel. Reporter shot dead while investigating illegal logging ISIS Declares Itself ProSlavery Mark Zuckerburg donates $25 million to help fight Ebola. Netherlands says OK for biker gangs to fight Islamic State Kim JongUn makes first appearance in public since 3rd September Two Air France pilots were asleep before fatal 2009 crash as one woke to say 'F**k, we're dead' Ultrasecret 'White Shroud' group striking terror in ISIS militants Richest 1% of people own nearly half of global wealth, says report Anger as wounded Syria Kurds die stranded at Turkish border He spent the next four hours watching them die, one by one, from what he believes were treatable shrapnel wounds, while Turkish border guards refused to let them through the frontier. India plans to mine Helium 3 from Moon for developing hypersonic technology. 7.4 earthquake off the coast of El Salvador. Turkish jets bomb Kurdish PKK rebels Google rejects 58% of 'right to be forgotten' requests India becomes first country in South Asia to ban import of animaltested cosmetics Mexican activist, who led Displaced Persons of Picachos group, killed on air during radio show in Mazatlan Survivors Describe Police Attack in Mexico 'If You Moved, They Fired. If You Yelled, They Fired' Ireland to close double Irish tax loophole Joe Hockey ridicules suggestion Australia is among top emitters of greenhouse gases in the OECD, despite the fact it tops the OECD rankings of greenhouse gases per capita  Treasurer emphatically rejects comment from interviewer Mexican activist gunned down during live radio broadcast Kissinger Iran Is a Natural Ally of the United States Russian Sandworm Hack Has Been Spying on Foreign Governments for Years The Ebola epidemic threatens the very survival of societies and could lead to failed states, the World Health Organization (WHO) has warned If we run and they kill us, so be it. But we have to run now. The Nigerian schoolgirls who escaped Boko Haram. Tony Abbott says coal is good for humanity while opening mine  Coal is vital for the future energy needs of the world, so lets have no demonization of coal Denmark to ban sex with animals Turkey OK's use of airbases for US airstrikes against ISIS. Birth control pills in waste water can decimate fish populations, study warns Secret space plane X37B to finally land after record 667 days in orbit Edward Snowden state surveillance in Britain has no limits | Whistleblower and former NSA analyst says UK regulation allows GCHQ snooping to go beyond anything seen in US German deputy speaker NATO must stop Turkey support for ISIS Directors 'earn 120 times more than average employee'  Directors of the top 100 listed UK companies now earn 120 times the average sum earned by their employees, according to a report by Incomes Data Services (IDS). 1000year old Viking treasure hoard found in Scotland ISIS states its justification for the enslavement of women Millions of Voiceprints Quietly Being Harvested China, Russia sign $25 billion local currency swap Hong Kong police remove barricades, say protesters can remain The Australian government has been accused of bullying the Australian National University after criticising it for divesting from a number of fossil fuel companies UN chief Ban Israeli occupation led to Gaza war Turkey denies allowing US to use bases for antiISIS strikes Kurds hold off Islamic State in Kobani Colombian farmers sue BP over pipeline's environmental impact FT Campaign to put ecocide on a par with genocide in attempt to curb environmental destruction  Although it was one of the five core crimes covered by the Rome Statute that set up the ICC, ecocide mysteriously vanished from negotiations at the United Nations. Vatican Proposes Dramatic Shift In Attitude Towards Gays, Same Sex Couples Australian PM Tony Abbott vows to 'shirtfront' Russian president Vladimir Putin at Brisbane G20 summit Toxic fallout from US war produces record child birth defect rates in Iraq Turkish Government arms extremist groups including ISIL, AK Party founder says Qatar pledges $1B for Gaza Strip reconstruction Healthcare workers in Liberia, the country hit hardest by the Ebola epidemic, will go on strike from Monday to demand hazard pay for treating patients infected with the deadly disease, their union leader said