 b'A Swiss man has been sentenced to five months in jail and three strokes of a cane for spraypainting graffiti on a train in Singapore.' b'Turkey cancels water sales to Israel ' b'Human Rights Watch criticizes Hamas treatment of Schalit. The treatment of the 23yearold soldier, captured exactly four years ago, by his Hamas captors is cruel and inhuman and matches a U.N. definition of torture because he is denied any outside contact.' b'China Rewrites History of Korean War. ' b'Apparently Icelandic politics is awesome.' The First OILCANE Will Be Worse Than Anything We've Seen. Water temperatures in the Atlantic Ocean are now running as warm or warmer than they did during the record setting season of 2005. This is significant.  b'North Korea party to pick new leadership' b'North Korean Prison Camps' Stalin's statue in his Georgian hometown has been taken down, to be replaced with a monument for the victims of the 2008 Georgian war with Russia b'Icelanders elect punk anarchist comedian, who started the Best Party just last year, mayor of Reykjavik' b'Man arrested and left in wire cage under new G20  law' b'Iraqs Ancient Ruins Face New Looting  Thousands of important sites have been left unprotected, allowing what officials say is a resumption of brazenly illegal excavations' b'Taliban commander killed dressed as woman' London air pollution 'worst in Europe' b'Police powers expanded for G20 New regulations give police right to search anyone near security fence' b'Pakistan to start monitoring seven major websites, including Google and Yahoo, for content it deems offensive to Muslims' Pakistan's spy agency is said to collaborate with the Taliban b'True, not true? Israel 'Plots Tehran Raid'' b'G20 Protests, and Secret Police Powers to Arrest Without Probable Cause  Ontario secretly changed its Public Works Protection Act to allow police... to arrest people if they fail to identify themselves to a police officer... It has now been expanded to include the area around the G20 summit' Cuts in Germany's environment and development budget mean Germany will not deliver the financial aid to help developing countries deal with climate change it promised at the Copenhagen climate summit last December, media reports say. b'Thirtythree boys have died from botched circumcisions conducted in traditional initiation rites in South Africa' Battle for the Nile as rivals lay claim to Africa's great river 'Iran lawmakers to join Lebanon Gazabound aid ship' b'Thousands of demonstrators are on the streets of Taipei, venting their anger at a trade deal with China, to be signed on Tuesday.' b'The Greek government is now selling the Greek Islands to pay off its debts.' Israel announces plan to demolish 22 Palestinian Arab homes in East Jerusalem.  Palestinian homeowners ask why their alternative proposal that doesn't require their homes being razed wasn't discussed. 7 million people are starving in Niger; all they're asking for is 10 million dollars b'Hellish heatwave in Pakistan sets hottest temperature in Asia's history, 53.5C (128.3F); in India, hundreds die, death toll expected to rise as record temperatures soar up to 122F' b'The final inquiry report on the death of Robert Dziekanski has concluded the RCMP were not justified in using a Taser against the Polish immigrant and that the officers later deliberately misrepresented their actions to investigators.' b'New Poll The majority of Palestinians support a peace agreement with Israel and believe that the Palestinian Authority should use nonviolent means to achieve their political goals.' b'Kim Jong Il Gamble Backfires Dramatically' b'They cut my cousin. I was very afraid. I was crying and crying. My mother is very fat; I knew if I could run she could not catch me, but she held me too strong. I could not get away. There was a lot of blood from that place. I cried and cried. I hated my mother.' b'Abnormal radiation detected at Korean border  Concentration of gas linked to nuclear blast was 8 times higher than normal' b'India to seek extradition of US Bhopal boss' b'Israel's Defense Minister The only Gaza resident in need of humanitarian aid is captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit' b'Whitecollar workers are Chinas newest underclass' 'Mariam' gets green light to set sail Allfemale Lebanese aid ship to head to Cyprus first. (Ahoy! There's a shitstorm coming) b'French find email passwords in Google Street View data' b'Kyrgyzstan atrocities Fear stalks the streets of Osh, as rumors of mass killings and rapes run wild.' b'Whats Wrong with Being the Worlds Most Peaceful Country?' b'David Cameron Britain should reflect on role in Afghanistan  We are paying a high price for keeping our country safe, for making our world a safer place, and we should keep asking why we are there and how long we must be there.' Israel to demolish 22 Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem to 'make room for a tourist centre'. b'Afghan president Hamid Karzai earns $525  a month,' b'Hamas says Israel deceitful over Gaza  The Israelis are deceiving the world to avoid the recent wave of international criticism, Hamas Minister of Economy Ziad alZaza said in an interview with alQuds Radio on Monday. ' b'Upon the new discovery of Afghan natural resources, Blackwater snags $120 million contract in the region' b'The Bundestag, the German parliament, yesterday approved legislation reducing the length of compulsary military service from the current nine months to six months.' BP's British shareholders to join US class actions over oil spill b'Failed State Index 2010' b'US warns Pakistan gas pipeline deal with Iran defies new sanctions' b'UN staff moved out of Afghanistan   The UN has begun relocating some of its 300 foreign staff in Afghanistan to other locations because of worries about rising violence, officials have said.' b'Nigerians astonished at attention paid to BP spill; the Niger Delta has endured the equivalent every year for 50 years.' b'Millions in Bangladesh poisoned by arseniccontaminated water WHO calls it the largest mass poisoning of a population in history. ' b'What about compensation for Bhopal? It took 17 years for the Indian government to obtain $470m compensation on behalf of the victims of the Union Carbide disaster in Bhopal  a paltry sum compared to the $20B fund set up by BP' Missing from the World Cup? China  n'We're 1.3 billion people; can't we find at least 11 guys who are good at soccer?'  b'New Zealand Prime Minister apologises to China after Green Party Coleader calls for Chinese democracy and a free Tibet. It looks like free trade trumps free speech.' b'A batch of about 70,000 mozzarella balls which turned blue upon opening has been confiscated by food authorities in Italy, officials say.' b'Germanys Development Minister Dirk Niebel has harshly criticised the Israeli government after it refused him entry into the Gaza Strip at the weekend.  The refusal of entry [..] into the Gaza Strip is a big foreign policy mistake..' b'Thanks to legislation, Americans are becoming financial refugees, in some cases renouncing their citizenship' b'Gaza Convoy Activists Claim Israeli Soldiers Using Debit Cards Stolen in Raid' b'Internet Freedom under pressure in Denmark' b'Gunmen kill mayor of border town in Mexico drug war ' BP Tells Cleanup Workers They'll Be Fired If They Wear Respirators b'DUBAI Alleged victim of gang rape sentenced to one year in prison' b'Cost of Afghan and Iraq wars rises above 20billion' b'Israel security cabinet approves loosening of Gaza blockade  Haaretz ' Tonnes of radioactive waste casts doubt over London's Olympic stadium legacy Olympic site could be rendered useless after the 2012 Games b'12 American Warships, Including One Aircraft Carrier, And One Israeli Corvette, Cross Suez Canal On Way To Red Sea And Beyond' b'Fidel Castro claims US sank South Korean ship, cause  he would know.' b'Israel is to significantly ease the Gaza blockade, with all civilian goods now expected to be let into the territory and reveals Gaza blockade restrictions' b'Pakistan FM vows to implement Iran gas pipeline project despite U.S. warning' b'Chaos hits French World Cup camp' b'ArabIsraeli Parliamentarian Fights Death Threats' Israel's ambassador to the United Nations, Gabriela Shalev, has resigned b'Japanese hard right intimidates theater owners from showing The Cove  This is disgusting.  (go ahead  downmod for editorializing).' b'Twin car bombings in central Baghdad kill 18  At  least 18 people have been killed and 42 wounded in  a twin car bombing in central Baghdad, Iraqi  officials say. ' b'As Jews we should stand as a beacon for human rights not as an internationally known perpetrator of atrocities.' Hamas We won't let Red Cross visit Shalit   b'Canadian Heritage Minister Calls Opponents of Canadian DMCA Radical Extremists' World's rich got richer amid '09 recession b'Boy of 10 tries to take his life 10 times. We're walking on eggshells, says his mom. He's angry . . . and every day he tells me 'I wish I was dead' b'Australian Prime Minister likely to be voted out at ballot tomorrow, Australia may have its first female Prime Minister' b'Uproar in Israel over top secret prisoner ' b'Is Kyrgyzstan the next Rwanda?  [Article from Foreign Policy]' b'Spanish senate narrowly votes to support ban of Islamic body veil' Canada's economy is suddenly the envy of the world No financial meltdowns here, Canada boasts, and world leaders want in on the secret  Workers at Swedish docks launched a weeklong boycott of Israeli ships and cargo on Wednesday, to protest Israel's recent raid on a Gazabound flotilla b'How a clunky old Soviet rocket outlasted the space shuttle.' b'Whaling 'peace deal' falls apart It legitimises scientific whaling in the Southern Ocean (by Japan), and does not substantially reduce catches' b'Underwater collision forces BP to remove containment cap. Meanwhile, a boat captain working on oil disaster clean up, died of a gunshot wound. Wait, what?!' b'BP oil spill fallout Britain has doubled rig inspections. Bulgaria scrapped plans for a new oil pipeline. Chinese and French oil giants are upgrading equipment and procedures designed to prevent spills' b'Canadian Heritage Minister Calls for Confrontation Against Critics of Canadian DMCA' b'WWI Postcard Reaches Bosnia After Century of Traveling Around the Globe  Edhem Bicakcic used a photo of his army unit resting somewhere in Hungary during World War I as a postcard for his family in Sarajevo, but the loving message took nearly a century to reach its destination. ' b'Soros says Germany could cause Euro collapse If the Germans don't change their policy, their exit from the currency union would be helpful for the rest of Europe' McDonald's marketing has the effect of conscripting America's children into an unpaid drone army of wordofmouth marketers, causing them to nag their parents to bring them to McDonald's. Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak dismissed Israel's recent lifting of restrictions on the Gaza Strip b'Brazil floods kill dozens and leave 1,000 people missing' b'Hitler fails to shut Wikileaks' b'Netanyahu to human rights activists Sail to Tehran' b'Malaysia seeks emergency UN session on Gaza flotilla deaths  Haaretz ' b'He reminded the jury prosecutors say Patel ignored surgical restrictions imposed on him by US medical authorities and launched into major operations at Bundaberg seven weeks after he arrived in 2003.' b'Arrest of an alleged Mossad agent in Warsaw could adversely affect GermanIsraeli relations. Berlin Officials say the Mossad went too far in obtaining a German passport for alleged use in the murder of a Hamas official  especially as they apparently used a fake story of Nazi persecution to get it.' Postcards from Hell The world's most failed states b'North Korean players may face reeducation on their return home, exiles suggest ' b'Israel's 'Prisoner X' He is simply a person without a name and without an identity who has been placed in total and utter isolation from the outside world' b'Top Vatican priest sexually abused not only young seminarians under his control but also abused his own children' b'Some 98% of climate scientists that publish research on the subject support the view that human activities are warming the planet, a study suggests. It added there was little disagreement among the most experienced scientists. ' b'50 years on, Belgians face trial for Congo war crimes' b'Google targeted by BPI for linking to illegal  downloads  British Recording industry association  sends ceaseanddesist order to search engine,  asking it to remove links to infringing websites' b'Norway's foreign minister has described the G20, which will meet this weekend in Toronto, as the greatest setback for the international community since World War II. In an interview Jonas Gahr Stre explains why the organization won't function in the long run.' b'Doctor confronts another doctor at a medical conference Why are you still practicing . . . You are incompetent, you are a convicted killer See video from 030 secs' Mainland China to become world's top manufacturer, ending America's 110year reign b'Sweden condemns pig cannibalism  In Sweden, Scan and other large meat producers have agreed not to use blood or animal fat in animal feed for pigs, among others.' b'Combat engineer Canadas 148th military death in Afghanistan  Sgt. James MacNeil, 28, of Glace Bay, N.S., was killed Monday morning while on a foot patrol in Nakhoney, about 20 kilometres southwest of Kandahar.' b'Reddit helps campaign to raise enough money to build a water well in Africa! Meet Maggie Moran, the sixteen year old that made this happen.' b'The world would love to be Canadian ' b'Israel asks UN to shelve aid ship raid inquiry' b'BPI Wants Google To Stop Linking To The Pirate Bay' b'Road shipments to Gaza begin Lorries bring goods allowed under Israel's liberalised policy to Palestinian enclave.' The Known Unknowns  Rumsfeld's not the only one to encounter this epistemological puzzle Known unknowns are everywhere, waiting to trip us up. Here are a few of the most enigmatic. b'The Associated Press Saudi convicts 15 men, women for mingling at party' b'Israel launches spy satellite' b'Judicial officials say a Saudi court has convicted four women and 11 men for mingling at a party and sentenced them to flogging and prison terms.nThe fourth woman, a minor, was sentenced to 80 lashes and was not sent to prison.' b'Philippines Three journalists killed in a week' Bailout cash 'will not be returned'  Taoiseach Brian Cowen has admitted that taxpayers will never get back the 22 billion euro pumped into Anglo Irish Bank. b'Pakistan PM Gilani Pakistan not bound by US sanctions against Iran  Pakistan will go ahead with a plan to import natural gas from Iran even if the US levies additional sanctions on the country, Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said.' b'Iceland legalizes gay marriage, allowing the prime minister to finally marry her partner ' b'Mexican Candidate for Governor Is Assassinated' b'The Bishop of Bayeux went to jail rather than give  authorities information about a priest who had  raped a minor. I congratulate you for not turning  in a priest to the civil administration...I am  delighted to have a colleague...who...has  preferred prison to turning in his sonpriest.' b'BP in the Persian Gulf How an Oil Company Helped Destroy Democracy in Iran' b'Egypt The law that gives police limitless power sparks massive protests after the violent death of blogger Khaled Said at the hands of police' Australia's new Prime Minister an atheist b'Turkey bars Israeli plane from using airspace' b'Trader gets drunk. Buys 7 million barrels of crude  oil. Artificially pushes up price of oil. Hilarity ensues. ' b'FBI arrests 10 Russian Spies in U.S.' b'FBI breaks up alleged Russian spy ring in deep cover' b'26 Indian police killed in Maoist ambush' UK police claim they don't need law to stop teenage photographer taking picturesn b'Turkish Jews used by Israeli navy as translators give most evenhanded account so far of raid on Gaza flotilla. Debunks wilder accusations about incident, suggests Turks, Israelis both to blame.' b'Israel may have eased its blockade of the Gaza Strip in response to international pressure, but life for many of the Palestinians living there has so far changed little. Even hardliners in Israel are starting to recognize that the blockade only helps to strengthen Hamas.' Chinese companies 'rent' white foreigners as fake employees or business partners b'China and Taiwan have signed a historic trade pact, seen as the most significant agreement since civil war split the two governments 60 years ago.' For the first time, Asia's millionaires have more money than Europe's millionaires b'Tibetan monk regrets uprising after going through Chinese reeducation' She heard what sounded like a crack, and the last words she heard her mother utter were 'Neena, your father is killing me'  b'Russia rejects US spy allegations  Moscow says allegations of a Russian spy ring in the US are baseless, as an 11th suspect is arrested in Cyprus.' b'That [Afghans] attack occupying forces and the govts those forces support means nothing more than that they want to rid their land of foreign troops. That doesnt make them antiAmerican terrorists. It makes them Afghans. Lets leave their country to them.' b'Barred from Jerusalem for being Palestinian' b'Billions flown out of Kabul in suitcases' Rig survivor 'It was a crematorium' Dr David Kelly The damning new evidence that points to a coverup by Tony Blair's government b'Blackwater in a secretive deal tried to arm and train Christian armies in Southern Sudan and receive half of its mineral wealth in violation of U.S sanctions.' b'More than $3 billion in cash has been openly flown out of Kabul International Airport in the past three years. U.S. investigators believe top Afghan officials and their associates are sending billions of diverted U.S. aid and logistics dollars and drug money to financial safe havens abroad.' b'An experimental sonic weapon has been approved for limited use against crowds in Toronto.' May Toronto's G20 be the last  It's not just the $1bn policing; the failure to tackle the financial crisis or climate change exposes a forum without credibility b'Turkey bans Israel military planes from its airspace' b'What Actually Happened at the G20 Protests ' b'The Battle of Toronto (G20 Protests)' b'Noam Chomsky  Irans military spending is relatively low compared to the rest of the region, and less than 2% that of the US. Iranian military doctrine is strictly defensive, designed to slow an invasion and force a diplomatic solution to hostilities. ' b'Andrew Roberts, credit chief at RBS  We cannot stress enough how strongly we believe that a cliffedge may be around the corner, for the global banking system (particularly in Europe) and for the global economy. Think the unthinkable.' b'Birth of a new ocean  In 2005, a 60km long stretch of the earth opened up to a width of eight metres over a period of just ten days.' Russia alarmed by CIA view of Iran's weapons.  b'Mexican singer Sergio Vega has been shot dead only hours after he had denied reports he had been murdered. ' b'The servant's baby was severely malnourished. When we tried to help, her grandfather sold the fortified milk we provided. In India, if there isn't enough to go around, a girl child is ignored, and sometimes left to die.' b'Police Strategy at G20. ' b'Another UNorganized summer camp burned down in Gaza for corrupting Gaza's youth with [...] human rights lessons ' BBC News  Gaza gunmen 'set fire to UN summer camp for children' Why China's currency has two names b'Corruption Suspected in Airlift of Billions in Cash From Kabul  Ya think?' Iceland's Prime Minister now the first world leader with a samesex spouse. b'Leftist anarchists in Berlin have reportedly been harassing Muslim immigrants showing their support for the German football team during the World Cup, tearing down national flags and even setting one on fire.' b'China, Taiwan prepare to sign landmark trade pact Wait what?!' b'Chris Hannah of Propagandhi on the G20 protest.' A bit of good news  Borneo's crocodiles no longer endangered say Wildlife officials in Malaysia. b'The Toronto G20 Riot Fraud Undercover Police engaged in Purposeful Provocation' A burden beyond their age. Cairo's 'lost boys,' far from their families, hustle street work in the Egyptian capital, collecting garbage, washing cars and hauling bricks, sending their meager earnings home to their villages. b'False Flag?  One of the men arrested for illegally buying mobile phone cards used by gunmen in Mumbai attacks is a counterinsurgency police officer' b'Doctors Without Borders 75% of rapes they deal with are from the DR of Congo' b'Rape at epidemic proportions Victims range from infants to 90 yr olds.' b' Jewish settlers set fire to Palestinian home' b'Canadian and Australian Prime Ministers give exact same speech, word for word, in runup to Iraq War. We know who the puppets are, but who are the masters?' b'Danish Special Forces capture Somali pirate boat' b'Hoax call to Zardari put Pakistan on war alert' b'Russian ship enters Panama Canal for the first time since World War II' b'Another fake WMD report from Debka douchebags' b'US Wants Four ExISI Officials Declared Terrorists' b'Zimbabweans are reduced to plucking undigested corn kernels from cow dung... That could be tonight's supper.' Europe's Scandal of the Year?  German Billlionaire Blackmailed by Swiss Gigolo, Prosecutors Say. Nuclear war for the lulz? Hoax India call 'put Pakistan on high alert' b'CEO of top Swiss bank dies suddenly, sparking rumours of suicide' b'What will become of Canada?' b'Hoax call fuels PakistanIndian tensions  A man pretending to be India's foreign minister called Pakistan's president and talked in a threatening manner during the Mumbai terror attacks' b'29 killed after car bomb explodes in Pakistan' b'Jordanian man strangles 16yearold married sister after she visited a female friend because he had to cleanse family honour.' b'US backing for India fuels tensions with Pakistan' b'Canada halts parliament amid row' b'At Least 22 Dead in Pakistan Blast' b'Germany introduces health care services catering specifically to aging homosexuals' b'5 Blackwater guards charged in shooting' b'Carter Center Guinea worm disease at alltime low. Pushing toward eradication.' The Vatican's Policy of 'Coverup' on Clergy Sex Abuse b'Canadian Conservatives Suspend Parliament to Avoid Facing a NonConfidence Vote ' b'DNA samples of more than 857,000 innocent citizens now face deletion from the national DNA database after a landmark ruling by the European court of human rights in Strasbourg.' Reddit Headline Sperm Donor Gets Sued. RealityGuy has Sex with Lesbian, Demands to be called Dad for 4 years, has ANOTHER Kid with said Lesbian, get's Bored with Kids and Takes Off. Gets Sued. b'Romania removes theory of evolution from school curriculum. Also removed Voltaire, Camus and Nietzsche from the philosophy curriculum. Way to keep the population ignorant!' b'Evicted Israeli settlers terrorize Palestinians.  ' b'The extent of the suffering in Zimbabwe has reached Auschwitz proportions' b'Video Jews shoot Palestinian men' b'Sperm donor ordered to pay child support' b'Japan Extends Citizenship To OutOfWedlock Babies' b'The captured pakistani terrorist sings like a canary' b'Oil falls below $44. Down 70% from its peak in July.' Arab states slam Israel's human rights record at UN forum  b'Nanny haunted by guilt despite heroism No one thinks of dying with a baby in their arms' b'Born and raised in a North Korean concentration camp [Google Tech Talks]' b'The sex ed revolution ' b'Supreme Court to review case of enemy combatant on US soil' b'Reports Pakistan army had hand in Mumbai attacks' b'Israeli paper  Hebron settler riots were out and out pogroms ' b'Stay classy KBR.' b'Patriarch Alexy II, head of Russian Orthodox Church, dies' b'Blogging barmaid booted by Brussels' b'Japan Stop All Support for War' b'Terrorist suspect arrested in February had Mumbai attack plans' b'Dog Risks Life To Save Injured Friend' b'Christiane Amanpour O. J. Simpson trial coverage helped the Rwandan Genocide to occur (excellent, depressing interview on genocide)' Two Rhino Poachers Killed at Assam's Kaziranga National Park  An Assam Home Guard, part of the force that guards rhinos at National Parks, was also killed by the poachers. Japanese student kidnapped and gang raped for 3 weeks in India Israeli settlers stone two cars belonging to US consulate staff The Palestinians submitted documents to the United Nations to join the International Criminal Court on Friday, a highstakes move that will soon enable them to pursue warcrimes charges against Israel. Metal Detector Enthusiast finds one of the biggest hoards of ancient coins in British history. Firefighters in South Australia and Victoria are battling outofcontrol bushfires, with warnings today's conditions in the Adelaide Hills are the worst since Ash Wednesday more than 30 years ago. People smugglers adopt new ghost ship tactic | People smugglers appear to be adopting more dangerous methods to transport migrants to Europe abandoning ships loaded with people after setting them on a collision course for the coast. Record number of rhino killed in Africa. It is estimated than nearly 4 times more rhinos were slain for their horns in 2014 than in 2010. Argentina's highest court has approved the extradition of a former FEMA spokesman who claims the U.S. government helped frame him for murder because a video he took of Ground Zero after the 2001 terrorist attacks proves U.S. complicity An investigation into the disappearance of half a billion dollar's worth of bitcoins from the Tokyobased exchange MtGox has found that 99% of the funds were stolen by someone within the firm. White House sanctions North Korea over Sony hack Evidence of What Killed off the Mayan Civilization thought to be present in the Blue Hole Archaeologists discover enormous ancient reproduction of the mythical Tomb of Osiris in Egypt. Norse Corp, cybersecurity firm, cites specific evidence of insider job surrounding Sony hack. Judge hushes up Erdoans link to alQadi in hearing into bugging case AirAsia flight QZ8501 airline was not allowed to fly route, says Indonesia Swedish Mosque Plastered With Hearts In Show Of Solidarity With Muslim Community After Attack More than 17,000 civilians killed in Iraq in 2014 After more than a decade of development, China's first homegrown airliner has finally earned approval from the country's government to carry passengers. Motherhood not a career for men Turkish health minister Egypt border guards shoot Gaza man dead Opponent of Nicaragua canal says he was badly beaten by police Bishop Calls On Catholic Church To Recognize SameSex Relationships Ukraine Nationalists March in Kiev to Honor Bandera Canadian ISPs and VPNs Now Have to Alert Pirating Customers b'Cartoon porn kids are people, judge says in Simpsons porn case' b'Pakistan raid seizes Mumbai attack ringleader (unconfirmed)' b'You have to be crazy to criticize the Chinese government; or rather, criticize the Chinese government, and expect to be hospitalized for psychiatric disorders.' b'Rioting in Greece Continues for Third Day ' 500 Muslim Soldiers' Tombs Desecrated In France b'Hitler was the perfect boss Former maid breaks her silence on the charming dictator' Killing Babies to End a War? Women in Papua New Guinea Killing Male Babies to 'End Violence' b'Drunk driver who killed a father and son was masturbating at the wheel moments before the fatal crash' b'60 Minutes Airs 24Minute Infomercial for Saudi Aramco' b'Russia may be capitalizing on the economic crisis to take major industries back out of private hands.' b'Fresh riots erupt for THIRD day over many Greek cities after police killing of a teenager. [with VIDEO]' b'Fears of Unrest Prompt Bailout Of China Exporters' b'Pakistan arrests suspected Mumbai planner' b'Russia is moving into Africa in a big way ... with an eye on winning even greater leverage over the global energy market.' b'A brief history of the Western Saharan peoples struggle for freedom' b'As financial crisis hits, people stuff themselve with McDonalds to feel better' b'Demonstrators on the balcony of the Greek consulate in Berlin waved a black and red flag and threw leaflets.' b'Mexican Drug War has claimed nearly 7,000 lives since 2007' b'Police Shooting Sparks Riots in Greece' b'Atheist Group Posts Winter Solstice Sign in Springfield' b'The weirdest legal cases of 2008' b'NY Times Pakistans Spies Aided Group Tied to Mumbai Siege' Lebanese man finds world's 'heaviest' potato b'A 25yearold woman with no arms has become the first pilot ever to fly a plane using only her feet.' b'Derek Acorah Exposed As A Fraud  The Original Kreed Kafer Expos' Most cases of cancer are the result of sheer bad luck rather than unhealthy lifestyles, diet or even inherited genes, new research suggests. Random mutations that occur in DNA when cells divide are responsible for two thirds of adult cancers across a wide range of tissues. Iran dismissed United States efforts to fight Islamic State as a ploy to advance U.S. policies in the region The reality is that the United States is not acting to eliminate Daesh. They are not even interested in weakening Daesh, they are only interested in managing it Poll One in 8 Germans would join antiMuslim marches UK royal family's Prince Andrew named in US lawsuit over underage sex allegations Some 40 asylumseekers refused to leave the bus when they arrived at their destination in rural northern Sweden, demanding that they be taken back to Malm or some big city. Pakistani boat blows self up after India navy chase. All four people on board the vessel from near the Pakistani port city of Karachi are believed to have been killed in the dramatic episode in the Arabian Sea on New Year's Eve, according to India's defence ministry. Sweden hit by third mosque arson attack in a week 940 cars set alight during French New Year Salaries for top CEOs rose twice as fast as average Canadian since recession study Norway violated equalpay law, judge says Judge finds consulate employee was unjustly paid $30,000 less than her male counterpart Imam wants radical recruiters of Muslim youth in Canada identified and dealt with Saudi Arabia beheaded 83 people in 2014, the most in years 'A living hell' for slaves on remote South Korean islands  Slavery thrives on this chain of rural islands off South Korea's rugged southwest coast, nurtured by a long history of exploitation and the demands of trying to squeeze a living from the sea. Worlds 400 richest get richer, adding $92bn in 2014 Rental Car Stereos Infringe Copyright, Music Rights Group Says Ukrainian minister threatens TV channel with closure for airing Russian entertainers Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has entered into his most serious confrontation yet with Israel by signing onto the International Criminal Court. His decision on Wednesday gives the court jurisdiction over crimes committed in Palestinian lands. Israeli security center publishes names of 50 killed terrorists 'concealed by Hamas' The year 2014 was the deadliest year yet in Syria's fouryear conflict, with over 76,000 killed A Secret underground complex built by the Nazis that may have been used for the development of WMDs, including a nuclear bomb, has been uncovered in Austria. Restrictions on Web Freedom a Major Global Issue in 2015 Austrian journalist Erich Mchel delivered a presentation in Hamburg at the annual meeting of the Chaos Computer Club on Monday December 29, detailing the various locations where the US NSA has been actively collecting and processing electronic intelligence in Vienna. Thousands of Ukraine nationalists march in Kiev Chinas New Years Resolution No More Harvesting Executed Prisoners Organs Authorities Pull Plug on Russia's Last Politically Independent TV Station b'The Saudi ask permission to build mosque in Moscow. The Russians demand reciprocity, an orthodox church in Saudi Arabia.' b'Occupy, resist, produce Workers in Argentina taking over dead factories and running them democratically' b'Women attempts to sue Mormon Church over abuse claims; She says church failed to report the abuse to police' b'Brown urged not to allow extradition of UK hacker to US' b'Police shooting sparks riots in Greece' Mumbai terrorist came from Pakistan, local villagers confirm. Caught terrorist's parents name found in Pakistan's electoral list and national id. cards. b'UK ISPs begin censoring the internet' b'More Than 160 U.S. and NATO Vehicles Burned in Pakistan' b'Taliban succesfully attack a NATO/US supply terminal in Pakistan and burn a lot of lorrys, humvees and supply for Afghanistan.' b'Police shoot and kill 15 year old boy in Greece' Fuck the Children of God  Revoking Israel's UN Membership  The Gaza Strip is now the largest concentration camp in the world. b'Pakistani militants destroy Western army vehicles' b'UK Helped Israel Get Nuclear Bomb  U.S. Had no Idea?' b'Rioting across Greece after police shoot boy dead' Olmert (Israel's Prime Minister) accuses Jewish settlers of Pogrom. What oppressed people need isn't democracy but respect for individual rights, as an Afghani man's death sentence for supporting women's rights shows. b'India denies Pakistan alert call' From Barack Obama's Blackberry In box, the subject IsraelPalestine. b'German Police Arrest More Than 40 At NeoNazi March.' Ovi's Person/Event of the Year Vote now  b'Stein Bagger  Danish fugitive wanted for an alleged $170million scam  has turned himself in to LAPD' b'Hyperinflation Forces Zimbabwe To Print $200 Million Notes' Inside the world's most annoying economic crisis b'Home loans and other loans to become cheaper, fixed deposit rates also maybe cut' b'Hebron shooters turn themselves in' b'The U.K. will make it an offence, punishable by up to ten years imprisonment, to publish or elicit information about any police constable' 'Noone in our house works' b'US Cruise Ship Carrying Over 1,000 People Chased, Shot At By Pirates Off Somalia.' b'Icelandic banking system collapses, hundreds storm the central bank' b'Australians organise protests in backlash against internet censorship' b'The Guardian reports that, Tony Blair helped Murdoch overcome an official investigation which was jeopardising one of his big investments...' b'With tail between the legs, Pakistan finally accepts the terrorists were from Pakistan that rocked Mumbai' b'China reveals 300,000 children were made ill by tainted milk ' b'Mob runs riot as Zimbabwe runs out of water' b'Thailand gets even weirder Court dissolves ruling party, bans PM'  Mumbai Surviving militant says team took orders from 'command in Pakistan' b'For those following the events in Canada An explanation of how and why the neocons are being removed from power ' b'BP to Help Commercialize Clean Energy in China With a Joint $73 Million Investment ' b'Mumbai Police Believe PakistanBased Militant Masterminded Attacks' China's Wacky Weed b'South Korea officially ends reconstruction mission in Iraq, calls troops home after 5 years' b'Arab World Trails Shamefully Behind' b'US stands by refusal to sign cluster bomb ban' b'Five Mumbai Terrorists May Have Escaped Capture' Robert Mugabe 'should be removed by force, and South Africa must help' b'How free is free speech in Latvia? Not very.' b'Condoleezza Rice played a private piano recital for the Queen at Buckingham Palace during a visit to London.' b' Switzerland pays price for isolationism' b'Biological terror attack likely by 2013, panel says' After 17 Years Schoolgirl's Murderer Finally Brought To Justice. German cabinet approves a plan to shut down all its 17 nuclear power plants by 2022; eight reactors will be shut down immediately. Bahraini doctors and nurses charged with plotting to overthrow the monarchy for treating protestors; protests & violence continue. Video of Bashar alAssad's forces planting weapons on civilians after massacring them on the way to aiding people in Daraa [NSFW] Bribery in India A website for whistleblowers Mexico's 'Holy Death' cult rapidly growing Hello, my name is Nikolay, I am 24 years old and I died serving in the Russian army. The bullet hit me right between the eyes; I died instantly. Australian climate scientists receive death threats.
Universities move staff into safer accommodation after a large number of threatening emails and phone calls
 US Missile Strikes Kill 16 in Pakistan Love in a time of torture  how a girl's note got a Syrian protestor through a month of sadistic torture The Arab uprising you most likely haven't heard about, Morocco's Arab Spring Germangrown bean sprouts are the most likely cause of the deadly E.coli outbreak that has killed 22 people and made more than 2,000 ill across Europe, officials said last night.  Greece Back on the Brink  Greece needs even more money  EU officials estimate that a new bailout will cost over 100 billion euros rather than the previously assumed 60 billion.  The economy is shrinking, and ambitious privatization plans are illusory. Egyptian 10yearold expelled for inciting a revolution in Kuwait Humala claims victory in tight Peru poll  Americas  Al Jazeera English (8 out of 10 South American countries now leftleaning)
 The Revolution Blows Up  
Egypts stock market is tanking and its rich are taking their money to Zurich. Will an economic plunge ruin the Arab Spring? 3 nuclear reactors melted down after quake, Japan confirms Turkish police opens fire on peaceful Armenian protestors and arrests dozens Tokyo office workers are starting work early to exploit daylight hours and save power.  Meet the Nepali Soldier Who Held Off 30 Taliban Attackers Alone  The Atlantic Wire Fukushima Radiation Jumps To Record Levels, As Tepco Warns That Heavy Rain Will Cause Toxic Pools to overflow The Knesset will examine possible legalization of marijuana  Oxfam report Food prices 'could double' by 2030
 BBC News  Chile judge orders Pablo Neruda death probe Iraqi government cracks down on protests as reform pressure builds 12th Day of Protests In Greece, Asking Where Did Our Money Go? Anonymous Message to NATO JewishAmerican actor and Star Trek icon Leonard Nimoy voices his support for a Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital. A prominent member of Switzerlands largest political party has called upon federal authorities to arrest Henry Kissinger as a war criminal if he attends the 2011 Bilderberg conference of global power brokers which is set to begin on Thursday at the Hotel Suvretta House in St. Moritz.  Bankers and politicians have turned food into a betting game  The result is soaring prices and starving children
 Macedonia erupts after young man beaten to death by special police in public square. Japan govt now admits 40% of total Chernobyl 
radiation was released in the first week at 
Fukushima Brigette DePape, 21, stepped onto the floor of the Canadian Senate and she held up an antiHarper sign. She was  removed from the Senate chamber, detained by security officials, and fired from her job Mexican drug gangs building own tanks as war 
intensifies A European Generation Takes to the Streets  hundreds of young people have been camping out in central Madrid. And others across Europe have now begun following their example. Protests in Lisbon, Paris, Athens and elsewhere show that Europe's lost generation has finally found its voice. Iceland's exPM Geir Haarde becomes the first world leader to face charges in relation to the global financial crisis Egypt accepts Muslim Brotherhood as legal party  Brotherhood gains official political legitimacy for first time in its 80 years. Germany's four leading nuclearproducing energy firms  Eon, RWE, EnBw and Swedishbased Vattenfall  have cried foul on Merkels plan to phase out nuclear plants. RWE has already filed a lawsuit  The rising cost of food. According to the UN's latest update on global food prices, the cost of basic foods is still 37% higher than it was last year. BBC News  Evidence is mounting that Iran is supplying weapons to the Taliban Syrians in north flee, fearing major massacre Kettling of children at tuition fees protest challenged BBC News  China executes student for murder of hitandrun victim Rebels take major city in Yemen Saudi Arabia plans to build 16 nuclear reactors by 2030 Japan doubles Fukushima radiation leak estimate Saudi house backs women voting right  in 2015without being permitted to run for office.
Women are not allowed at all to drive, cannot travel without authorisation from their male guardian. When in public, they have to cover from head to toe. World food prices set to stay high despite record food production, says UN food agency Prime Minister Stephen Harpers Conservative Party Website Hacked Tripoli hit by Nato air strikes NATO strikes rock Libyan capital Several explosions reported near Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi's compound following rare daytime attacks. WIKILEAKS U.S. Fought To Lower Minimum Wage In Haiti 
So Hanes And Levis Would Stay Cheap Weve Never Seen Such Horror  Human Rights Watch  Shocking report on crimes against humanity committed by Syrian security forces in past two months. Details of systematic killings, beatings, electroshock torture and detention of people seeking medical care (54page PDF) Lone British soldier is surrounded by 30 Taliban soldiers and fights them all off, with limited supplies/ammo. Julian Assange claims FBI tried to bribe Wikileaks staff Tiananmen protesters still jailed in China, 22 years on French President Sarkozy, on behalf of the G8, says that the Internet should be controlled by government because governments are the only legitimate representatives of the will of the people. [Hitler, Stalin, and Mao would totally agree.] France bans the words  'Facebook' and 'Twitter'  from TV, radio Activism of all stripes is increasing on a worldwide scale via a mass awakening in the (still) free market of ideas to be found on the Internet.  Many of the deceptions that formerly took years to expose, are now routinely uncovered by alternative media in a matter of weeks or even days. Nobody is coming to Sony's defense as it continues to be attacked. That says a lot about how the public sees Sony, but is Sony getting the message? Chiquita failed to halt multimilliondollar compensation cases being brought by 4,000 Colombians who claim they or their relatives were tortured or killed in bananagrowing areas by paramilitaries paid by the company French court rules that merely having the word torrent in your domain means you are encouraging infringement Greece agrees to more cuts and tax rises as price of next bailout. Fury on streets. US strike 'kills' key Pakistan militant Ilyas Kashmiri (considered by some to be a possible Osama bin Laden successor) Air radiation at Fukushima I #1 hits highest recorded level so far Hackers have broken into the networks of both the Iranian and the Dubai governments, stealing more than 10,000 email messages as well as system usernames and passwords and releasing them online. Wikileaks no bloodshed inside Tiananmen Square, cables claim 'US drone kills Pakistan alQaeda leader' Ilyas Kashmiri, thought to be mastermind of several deadly attacks, reportedly killed in strike in South Waziristan. France bans any promotional mentions of 'Facebook' and 'Twitter' from TV & Radio news Syria appears to have begun shutting off internet links to the rest of the world. Approximately twothirds of all Syrian networks became unreachable by Friday afternoon as part of a process that began early in the morning. Julian Assange says Wikileaks may take out a superinjunction to protect sources  Telegraph Syrians poured into the streets despite the shutdown of much of Syrias Internet network Protesting the authoritarian rule of President Bashar alAssad fueled by escalating anger over the torture and killing of a 13yrold boy Global Commission on Drug Policy legalise cannabis and ecstasy. Radiation in No. 1 reactor building at highest level yet. Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Saturday it has detected radiation of up to 4,000 millisieverts per hour in the building housing the No. 1 reactor at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant. Despite strong objections of indigenous groups, activists and environmentalists, Brazil approves huge hydroelectric power plant along the Xingu river in Amazon rainforest United Nations Declares Internet Access a Basic Human Right The report comes the same day that a monitoring firm found twothirds of Syria's Internet access has been shut down without notice NSFW Syrian Internet Restored, Dramatic Footage Emerges [VIDEO] Argentina accuses world's largest grain traders  ADM, Bunge, Cargill and Dreyfus  of huge tax evasion All four traders submitted false declarations of sales and routed profits through tax havens or their headquarters, in contravention of Argentinian tax law Noted professors launch new college A group of the world's leading academics have launched a new British university which they hope will rival Oxford and Cambridge. Tens of thousands of people have attended a candlelight vigil in Hong Kong to mark the 22nd anniversary of the Tiananmen crackdown in Beijing. Thousands march in Tel Aviv in support of Palestinian state based on 1967 borders The Brazilian tribe that played by our rules, and lost The Kayap people's battle to save their land from flooding as the Bel Monte dam is built follows a pattern across the Americas 'Blood was everywhere' 63 killed at Syria prodemocracy protest, activists say  Where Prisoners Can Do Anything, Except Leave Yemeni crowds celebrate after president Ali Abdullah Saleh transfers power, flies to Saudi Arabia Israeli troops fire on Palestinian protesters Why Are The French So Determined To Run The IMF?  If economics isn't your area, this will make the scales fall from your eyes. Superb, concise commentary on eurozone financial troubles and the IMF, by the fund's former chief economist South Africa The Clashing Rainbow Colours leaders of the ruling ANC, including the President, played the race card remorselessly, in a bid to block the slow but steady rise of the Democratic Alliance, led by a white woman. Europe to open first solarpowered railway tunnel India cracks down on hunger strike led by yoga guru Baba Ramdev  UN Declares Internet a Fundamental Human Right Italian voters run out of sympathy for Berlusconi Residents of Arcore, home to Berlusconi's bunga bunga parties, elect a housewife as their mayor A young female page has lost her job following a very ballsy protest against the Harper regime. During the Speech from the Throne, which is read by the Queen's representative in Canada, the Governor General, the page held up a sign carrying the message 'Stop Harper'.  An Arctic oil rig forced to stop drilling by environmental activists demanding to know owner's respond to an oil leak on the scale of Deepwater Horizon spill Pictures from ravaged city of Misrata (Libya). Yemen president flies to Saudi for treatment,potentially offering a facesaving end to his three decade rule.
 Mexicans protesting a military crackdown on drug cartels launched a convoy protest that will travel through some of Mexico's bloodiest towns on its way to the US border BBC News  Peru election Exit polls suggest Humala victory Indian police break up yoga guru's anticorruption protest Mexico catches state leader of Zeta cartel Radiation at Fukushima Unit 1 'Highest Since Crisis Began'; Steam Rising Through Reactor Floor  Global leaders  Global war on drugs has failed WTF? NATO leaders have been warned that Anonymous could pose a threat to member states' security and they promise to persecute its members Julian Assange awarded top UK Journalism Prize Banned video by Serbian Government. No media is allowed to publish it. Police beating a protestor.  Global war on drugs 'a failure' Highlevel panel declares international antidrug measures a failure and suggests legalising cannabis and other drugs. Ive Gone And Done It Now  
Egyptian Muslim discards hijab while on trip to Europe. I wanted to know what it would feel like. I wanted to know how peoples perceptions of me would change. Turned out to be fun, liberating. But not yet ready to try at home Italy's top seismologist charged with manslaughter for failing to predict 2009 earthquake Decriminalise possession of drugs, celebrities urge government Google says computer hackers in China broke into the Gmail accounts of several hundred people, including senior government officials in the U.S. and political activists. NSFW Syrian security forces shoots mourners of dead protesters, killing 11. Homs city 521 Canada tries to hide Alberta tar sands carbon emission As vaccination drops, pertussis and measles on the rise worldwide. More and more Israelis apply for a foreign passport, not for easier travel but because something has gone terribly wrong here.  Student Locked up for reading a poem at prodemocracy rally in Bahrain Selfconfident females terrify the old Arab tyrannies Pakistani journalist who wrote about military's links to Al Qaeda is found slain Ecoli outbreak in Europe is a new strain; experts studying bacteria, that has caused 18 deaths in Europe, say it has never been seen in an outbreak before A Chinese agribusiness firm is to buy a large swath of land in Patagonia. Critics fear it will bring heavy agrochemical use and ecological degradation, and strain the region's water resources Two ships from the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society are now speeding toward Libyan seas  to protect the Atlantic bluefin tuna from poachers Russia Bans Fresh Vegetables from EU because of growing E. coli outbreak in Germany  Spain's farmers lose millions of euros ProGovernment Cyber Attacks In The Middle East  While Syrian troops confront protesters on the streets, another less bloody battle is being waged in cyberspace. Antigovernment and Western websites are coming under attack from a group calling itself the Syrian Electronic Army Chinese hacking of Gmail accounts of journalists, Chinese human rights activists, etc. traced to a Chinese Voc/Tech School in Jinan, China known for churning out cooks, hairdressers, and Chinese Army computer scientists Alleged Libyan rape victim deported from Qatar back to Libya  CNN.com Twothirds of Pakistanis do not believe Bin Laden was killed last month by a team of U.S. Navy SEALs [WTF?] AlShabaab, the Somali militant group that has pledged allegiance to alQaeda, announced that a suicide bomber who attacked a military position earlier this week was a SomaliAmerican from Minnesota MI6 attacks alQaeda in 'Operation Cupcake' British intelligence hacked into an alQaeda online magazine and replaced bombmaking instructions with a recipe for cupcakes Biomass map of popularly eaten fish populations in 1900 versus 2000  they're practically extinct now! UN report three strikes Internet laws violate human rights European racism and xenophobia against immigrants on the rise Nepal census recognizes 'third gender', believed to be a world first Australia raises the minimum wage to us $16.50 
per hour... any young people in the USA interested 
in a working holiday? Facebook shuts down account of Ukrainian opposition civil journalist Brazil has launched a welfare scheme to lift millions out of extreme poverty by 2014, which President Dilma Rousseff calls her government's key priority. In South Africa, WalMart refuses to buy local, threatens WTO action, and wins  The IMF itself should be on trial Bahraini begins trial of Shiite woman arrested for insulting the Sunni ruling family through a poem she read out during a wave of antiregime protests Bahrain Formula 1 race reinstated An Argentine court has ruled that the heirs to the country's main media group must submit to DNAtesting, to see if they were born to leftwing prisoners killed by the military in the 1970s. Yemen's President Saleh 'wounded in palace attack' Terrorist in Chile blinded, has hands amputated after accidentally detonating bomb he was planting

 Hundreds attend faith healing schools linked to fundamentalist Bethal Church  A WAVE of supernatural schools that claim to teach people how to heal the sick and even raise the dead are netting tens of thousands of dollars for fundamentalist Christian church coffers. China The Economics of Killing SomeoneIn a streak of hitandrun cases, the driver has returned to intentionally kill the victim. Israel government 'reckless and irresponsible' says exMossad chief Russia bans European vegetable imports German E. coli outbreak is a killer hybrid  China calls US culprit in global 'Internet war' Syrian forces kill 27 in Hama, crackdown intensifies The president of Yemen Ali Abdullah Saleh and many senior government officials reportedly injured in shelling of presidential palace. For Arab despots, the skies are limited  Arab despots are realizing, to their horror, that the future may hold little different for them than what it held for Ratko Mladic. Will this alter the behavior of leaders in the Middle East? It should 150 boat migrants die off Tunisia The elderly of Japan want to help their country one last time with the nuclear crisis Syria's sadistic regime  13 year old 'Rebel', shot, kneecapped and had genitals removed before being killed.  Family arrested for making this public. A senior member of the Church of Scientology in Australia has been charged by police for intimidating a young girl who wanted to report sexual abuse allegations within the church. 
 Chiquita sued over Colombian paramilitary payments A company that pays a terrorist organization that kills thousands of people should get the capital punishment of civil liability and be put out of business by punitive damages. Pak Journalist Who Wrote Of Terrorist Link To Navy Found Murdered  A Pakistani journalist who had written about alleged links between the nations navy and the alQaeda terrorist network was found dead in an abandoned car near the capital city of Islamabad Monkey accused of witchcraft burned alive by South African mob A Western businessman who has had the rare chance to travel throughout North Korea has sent these images of daily life to the BBC News website. These are his observations from within the normally secretive state. Belgium Church sex abuse plaintiffs to sue Vatican Dozens of Belgians who say they were abused as children by Roman Catholic priests have announced the launch of a legal case against the Vatican. Massive Gmail phishing uncovered by Google. Signs point to China. As Chinas Workers Get a Raise, Companies Fret 15 dead in Germany from a virulent E. Coli outbreak. 
The first ever outbreak of this particular strain. Australia proposes antiswearing law Gold Logie winner Karl Stefanovic tweeted his outrage. Just [heard] the government wants to fine people for swearing. That's bullshit. Raiding a Brothel in India  NYTimes.com Japan Nuclear Crisis Stricken Fukushima Nuke Plant now Leaking Oil Oil was leaking into the sea from heavy oil tanks for reactors 5 and 6 at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant, Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Tuesday, adding the spill may have been ongoing since the March 11 quake and tsunami.  
Iran's parliament voted on Wednesday to take Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to court over his takeover of the country's vital oil ministry. Atheism in the land of a thousand gods
A scrappy group of young Indians takes on karma  and dogma Assad's general amnesty offer looks like too little, too late, especially now that Syrian protesters have are rallying in memory of a martyr  and he was just 13 years old when security thugs killed him. The Sordid Sexual History of Dominique StraussKahn  A conspiracy to keep DSKs true identity out of the spotlight. European Food Outbreak Soars  Those hit 1/3 bigger than thought, & a stunningly high number of patients are suffering from deadly complication that shuts down kidneys Iranian opposition activist Haleh Sahabi has died after scuffles with security forces at her father's funeral Billions of dollars of food are lost every year in the postharvest phase in Africa.  land, water and nonrenewable resources such as fertilizer and energy are used to produce, process, handle and transport food that no one consumes. Fuck this; fines for swearing in VIC, Australia. Europe's SlowMotion Financial Collapse Syrian regime killed 30 kids. The use of live ammunition against demonstrators has reportedly left at least 30 children dead. UNICEF has not been able to independently verify the number of the victims and the circumstances of their death. Teenage victim becomes a symbol for Syria's revolution Mutilated body of Hamza alKhatib given to family as state TV says injuries were faked by conspirators
 F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone says Bahrain Grand Prix will be cancelled after 11 F1 teams objected Germany has been doing well economically carrot & stick social programs have pushed people back to work; average real wages up 30% since 1985; tougher down payment rules on houses prevented a bubble; taxes hiked and spending cut to reduce deficits. The UN has declared that Internet access is a human right Net neutrality to be added to Dutch telecommunications act Innocent passerby shot dead by cops in... Montreal, Canada!?  Iran's women soccer team banned from Olympics, because of headscarves Russia defies growing consensus with declaration of 'total war on drugs'  Under new laws being drawn up addicts would be forced into treatment or jailed, and dealers 'treated like serial killers'. TIL North Korea runs statesponsored restaurants all over Asia...the waitresses come from the upper crust of North Korean society and essentially live like prisoners in their workplaces. Carbolic acid has spilled into a river that supplies drinking water to Hangzhou in eastern China, knocking out supplies to more than 500,000 people and creating a run on bottled water  Fukushima nuclear plant may have suffered 'meltthrough', Japan admits BBC News  China aircraft carrier confirmed by general Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone has said that he believes the Bahrain Grand Prix will not go ahead as planned as the teams and drivers involved did not want to take part So Where's Japan's Radiation Going? David Cameron warns Syria that Britain will not stand silent. Australia issues a blanket ban on all live cattle exports to Indonesia after brutality exposed last week How Greek Protesters See The EU In One Simple Photograph The Big Picture  Chile's Puyehue volcano. Ahmadinejad is facing increased political attacks from the supreme leader from continually overstepping his bounds. In Greek Port, Storm Brews Over ChineseRun Labor Wrongly convicted woman freed after 17 years in jail judge blames pathologist who convicted her, now exposed as a fraudster. She was an easy target for Smith and she was an easy target, I fear, for the criminal justice system, Japan doubles nuclear radiation leak estimate 'Farting Camels Must Die to Save the World' Australian carbon plan to unleash killchoppers against dromedaries Yemenis protests after talks rejected Thousands gather outside vicepresident's residence after government rejects proposed dialogue as ridiculous. Japan raises spectre of Fukushima 'meltthrough'  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Fighter jets intercept Russian bombers after flying into Dutch airspace The Netherlands first country to anchor net neutrality in law  WikiLeaks US knowingly supported rigged Haitian election Nigeria The Cost of Oil (In Photos) The nuclear fuel in three of the reactors at the Fukushima has melted through the base of the pressure vessels and is pooling in the outer containment vessels, a meltthrough far worse than a core meltdown and the worst possibility in a nuclear accident. Gaddafi ordered mass rape as a weapon, International Criminal Court claims  Aussie Gay Bar Wins Right To Ban Women  A GAY venue in Collingwood has won the right to ban women to ensure its patrons are not subjected to attempts by predatory females to turn them straight.  New Zealand Justice Minister Govt Will Not Reconsider Internet Disconnection France refuses citizenship to man for his degrading attitude toward women Autism diagnoses take South Korea by surprise  Some families are in denial after U.S. and Korean researchers discover in a Seoul suburb the highest rate of autism ever measured in a general population.



 North Korea defectors take to the Underground Railroad Canada's Auditor General slams government over secrecy on G8 spending plans Peru approves 10 year ban on GM crops. Hedge funds use land grabs in Africa to boost their profits in the food and biofuel sectors. They've also displaced millions of farmers in the process. UK & other European countries must be forced by law to restock their seas so fishing industry has longterm future, demands the European Fisheries Commissioner Obama's secret War Drone strikes renew in Yemen amidst civil unrest Missing gay blogger in Damascus Might be a hoax In Saudi Arabia, Royal Funds Buy Peace for Now  The kingdom is spending $130 billion to pump up salaries, build housing and finance religious organizations, effectively neutralizing any opposition. European parliament refuses to release expenses report. Citigroup reports hundreds of thousands of breached online banking accounts. Chile volcano's ash cloud forces flight cancellations across South America Pirate Bay, MegaUpload, and others blocked by Malaysian government order to ISPs Toxic radioactive caesium has been found in sludge at a treatment plant in Fukushima, while radioactivity has also been found in sewage in Tokyo.  Silvio Berlusconi's record. The man who screwed an entire country Survey strontium widespread in Fukushima Radioactive strontium detected 62 km from Fukushima No. 1 plant Shit's hitting the fan now. A 'democratic' country is now banning people from using the road based on their ancestry. Which one is it? Yep, Israel. Article Amnesty International report slams Israel's actions during fighting in Gaza  And now read the comments Israel's cybertrolls at work. b'Settlers will never be evicted Israel PM' Reuters Happy to Take Traffic the AP Doesn't want b'Iceland Lessons to be Learned from The Economic Meltdown Gordon Brown is wrong when he says that he and his government have no responsibility in the matter.' b'Breaking Plane hijacked in China' b'The poll suggests that more than a million Iraqis have died from the conflict resulting from the U.S. invasion and occupation.' Female sexual abuse The untold story of society's last taboo The story of Sharon, who is now 40 From as far back as she can remember until the day she left home at the age of 16, Sharon, an only child, was sexually abused by her mother.nnnn You often see Palestinian children throwing rocks at the IDF. What you won't see so often is Israeli children throwing rocks at Palestinians while the IDF stands by in armed guard, here an IDF soldier attempts to enforce Israeli law by censoring a video. b'NEW Bomb Blast Hits Bar In Mallorca, Spain' b'Today Palestinians fire mortars at Gaza border crossing, while an ambulance carrying a Palestinian cardiac patient to Israel passes through [link to bad translation]' b'Human trafficking plagues UAE' b'I Will Kill Muslim Per Day ' b'New Undersea Cables to Expand Broadband in Africa' b'the target of the [twitter and facebook] attack appears to have been a single person, a 34 year old economics professor and refugee activist from the Republic of Georgia' b'Iranian chief of police admits prisoner abuse' b'A Cold War Ghost Reappears in Honduras' b'EU hits out at Tehran over trial European nations have strongly criticized the latest trials in Iran over the unrest that followed the disputed presidential election.' b'The Torrid Romantic Life of Kim Jongil' b'Briton in Iraqi custody after contractor killings ' b'Damaging Israeli misquote finally corrected The Palestinians must be made to understand in the deepest recesses of their consciousness that they are a defeated people, the Israeli officer said  or is said to have said.' b'Baitullah Mehsud said to be alive but Taliban commanders are killing each other to replace him!' b'Kadky, Turkey told to disown Greek sister city by both the Turkish Interior and Foreign ministries' b'One dead as Typhoon Morakot slams into China ' A top al Qaeda bomb maker blamed for last month's bombings of two U.S. hotels in Jakarta was believed captured or killed in a gunfight with police. Vietnam Adopts George Washington's NonInterventionist Foreign Policy  Gen. Vinh reconfirmed the three pillars of Vietnams defense policy not joining in any military alliances or becoming a military ally of any country; not allowing any country to set up military bases in Vietnam... City of Toronto first in North America to formally endorses harm reduction on drug use Found BP's Missing Oil Westerners vs. the World  Western social science relies on behavioural studies using Western participants. But in matters such as fairness, individualism, conformism, Westerners are outliers by world standards  Israeli education ministry approves new 'whitesonly' settlement school. Decoding of wheat genome hailed as most significant breakthrough in wheat production in 10,000 years The clock has run out on Facebook to revamp its privacy rules to avoid a public showdown with Canada's privacy czar over how it protects personal information
 Newsweek asking the tough questions Is WikiLeaks Too Full of Itself? Israeli Actors Boycott Theater in an Illegal Settlement Iran issues fatwa against pets Many people in the West love their dogs more than their wives and children Flooding has displaced an additional 1 million people in Pakistan in the past 48 hours 17 million affected Way braver than me.  Video of the upbeat Chilean miners trapped deep underground for at least weeks, if not months. Passengers mistakingly told to prepare for a crash landing Australian commandos face likely charges over child deaths during capture or kill mission Police in Japan have arrested
the daughter and
granddaughter of a centenarian
believed to be Tokyo's oldest
man whose mummified
remains were found last month. Police in the central Indian state
of Madhya Pradesh say they are
investigating the disappearance
of several hundred tonnes of
explosives. U.K. think tank says foreign policy will cause domestic terrorism How Much Does It Cost To Run A Failed State? Burqa Bans, Halal Debate Are the French Taking Secularism Too Far? What say you? Denmark Turns Down Obama's Request for F16s  Denmark has turned down a NATO request to send F16 fighters to Afghanistan as it believes it has done enough for the international military mission there. Prosecutor in Mexico Massacre Feared Dead Spain Rethinks Afghanistan After Shooting George Mitchell, told Lebanese Army chief of staff Jean Kahwaji that Israel was ready to implement a plan to destroy within four hours all Lebanese military infrastructure, including army bases and offices Tornado hits Essex as forecasters give hope of sunshine for Bank Holiday weekend Fidel Castro Osama bin Laden a 'subordinate' of George W. Bush John McAfee reveals details on gadget to thwart NSA. And if the U.S. government bans its sale, I'll sell it in England, Japan, the Third World. This is coming and cannot be stopped. Pope Francis to 'rip up and rewrite' Vatican constitution Secret Cold War documents reveal NSA spied on US senators Swiss army trains for invasion by a bankrupt France looking for money Glenn Greenwald working on new NSA revelations  U.S. assassination program. South Africa on terror alert after the mastermind behind the Kenya terror attacks was spotted doing surveillance of Pretoria embassies. Brits now experiencing an unprecedented squeeze on living standards BP again fighting $18 billion (11.1bn) fine from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon Gulf oil spill in court Convicted earthquake scientist says he can't be blamed for 309 deaths Girls as young as 9 are forced into prostitution in Davao City in the Philippines Two degrees,one MA and now I clean SH*t in a foreign country,viral message by qualified young Spaniard strikes a chord with thousands of countrymen doing menial jobs overseas Jehovah's Witness teen loses appeal over lifesaving transfusion 'The Australian teenager, who is being treated for Hodgkin's Lymphoma, threatened to rip the IV needle from his arm and said it would be akin to rape if he was given a blood transfusion while under anaesthetic.' Cannabis for Kreuzberg A new Berlin Wall made of pot?  A proposal to legalize marijuana in a Berlin park is polarizing one of the citys hippest neighborhoods. Helping Build The Surveillance State Is Good Business Palantir Gets $196 Million More In Funding Email surveillance could reveal journalists' sources, expert claims. Phil Zimmermann, inventor of PGP encryption, urges shift away from consumer email Roma kids aged 10, forced into crime like military conscripts and Roma women bought and sold over their ability to steal, a court in France hears. Saudi Arabia Outraged At Obama's Peace Overtures With Syria, Iran 32% of all food in the UK is wasted. It's estimated that Tesco alone waste 130,000 tonnes of food per year but state that the problem lies with distribution and the consumer. Peres Israel will consider joining chemical weapons ban treaty French were 'hours' from military strikes on Syria before phone call from Obama Nasa plans first 3D printer space launch in 2014 Hassan Rouhani suggests resuming direct flights between Iran and US Terrified Muslims hid in their homes in northwest Myanmar on Monday after armed police dispersed a Buddhist mob that torched houses and surrounded a mosque in the latest outbreak of sectarian tension Suicide bomber kills 40 at Iraq mosque | Reuters US gives milliondollar cup back to Iran French Warplanes Kill 75 IS Militants Near Mosul The Islamic State is upset with the French government's new name for them Ebola Patients Buying Survivors' Blood from Black Market, WHO Warns  It's said to have antibodies that can fight the deadly virus. Though the treatment is unproven. Illicit trade can lead to spread of other infections, including HIV. Russian Bombers Intercepted Near Canadian Airspace American jailed in North Korea invited arrest deliberately, state media says An American sentenced to six years hard labour in North Korea pretended to have secret US information and was deliberately arrested in a bid to become famous and meet the imprisoned US missionary Kenneth Bae Kim Dotcom's InternetMana party rejected by NZ voters, as John Key's National party is set to win an absolute majority ISIS releases 49 Turkish hostages in Iraq Goldman Sachs has admitted in court documents to having used small gifts, occasional travel and an internship to cement its ties with Libya's sovereign wealth fund under Moamer Kadhafi The Australian government will introduce tough new legislation in parliament next week to tackle terrorism in the aftermath of the biggest crackdown in the country's history. Wild boar tortured and killed during a political protest in Pakistan. Protestors inscribed the name of the current Prime Minister on the boar before beating it to death with sticks. Riots in George Square, Glasgow between Yes and No voters New Zealand 2014 Election Centerright National Party projected to have won a third term, increasing their seats in parliament from the previous election Kurds kill 18 ISIS jihadists in northern Syria. A large majority of the Catalan regional parliament has voted in favour of a law that legislators say will allow it to hold a nonbinding vote on independence from Spain in November. Turkey opens border to 45,000 Kurds fleeing Isis in Syria Belgian media several terrorism attacks prevented | Belgian authorities have reportedly foiled attacks by jihadist fighters returning home from Syria and by sympathizers of the Islamic State. Several arrests have been made, according to a Belgian newspaper German Muslims unite against 'Islamic State' Big Steakhouse Chain sues small restaurant owner, because he uses his own last name as restaurant name! Solar panels to be made mandatory for new buildings in Hyderabad Cuba to privatize 9,000 restaurants. NYT reveals threats against Turkish reporter as progov't media turn her into target Third convoy carrying Russian humanitarian aid crosses Ukrainian border Russian lawmakers want to turn Putin's birthday on Oct 7 into a national holiday Sweden protests against airspace violation by Russian planes Putin to unplug Russia from the internet Russian leader to introduce draconian measures that would see country switch off in emergencies Canadian government begins invalidating passports of citizens who have left to join extremist groups Thousands March Against War In Moscow, St. Petersburg Thousands of people have gathered to take part in antiwar demonstrations protesting Russia's role in eastern Ukraine A Mexican copper mine which spewed millions of gallons of acid into a river last month is still causing pollution and the facility's owners are blocking the work of investigators probing the accident, authorities said Fifa accused of cover up as it emerges World Cup bid report to be kept secret Investigation in alleged corruption around bids for 2018 and 2022 World Cups will never be made public says Fifa ethics chief Poland, Ukraine and Lithuania form joint military unit US will not commit to climate change aid for poor nations at UN summit. Rich countries pledged to find $100bn a year by 2020, but so far only Germany has made a significant contribution. 30,000 people in the Australian city of Melbourne rally for climate change action Photographer horrified after claims Britain First used picture  Everything she stood for, everything she fought for, for herself, her family, her daughters and future of her country, everything has been desecrated by how Jacqui Lambie and Britain First have used this photograph. Pope Francis to majority Muslim country Religion cannot be used to justify violence China Fines GlaxoSmithKline Record $485 Million for Bribing Hospitals & Doctors to Use Their Products  The pharma company admits it's at fault & will not appeal Leaked transcripts reveal Putin's secret attack in Ukraine Suspicions Run Deep in Iraq That C.I.A. and the Islamic State Are United Russia warns that the West wont be able to return to the Russian market once sanctions are over ProRussian separatists' weapons factory blows up in Eastern Ukraine IS militants are 'gangsters' who hijack Islam, Anonymous says The hacktivist group Anonymous has launched a social media campaign against Islamic State militants, telling FRANCE 24 that Operation Ice ISIS aims to protect those who are defenseless, both in the cyber world and the real world. People's Climate March thousands demand action around the world  live | Tens of thousands of people across 150 countries are taking to the streets to march for action on climate change; it has been flagged as the biggest global calltoaction on climate change in history Gay sex could be punishable by 100 lashes of the cane in Indonesia's staunchly conservative Aceh province if parliament passes a draft law that critics say violates basic human rights. Qantas flight diverted because of drunk, Scotchstealing passenger who allegedly broke through all four sets of plastic handcuffs on the flight after repeated attempts to steal whisky Ebola could infect 500,000 by end of January, according to CDC projection North Korea threatens attack if leaflets are launched from South Korea First Scotland, Now Catalonia Region Will Hold Independence Referendum on November 9 Egypts president says hes prepared to give whatever support needed to fight ISIS Putin foe Khodorkovsky 'willing to lead Russia' Report Belgium prevented terrorist attacks by jihadists returning from Syria India gets its first transgender TV news anchor Kids as young as 13 have left Germany to join ISIS Scottish Independence 70,000 Nationalists Demand Referendum be ReHeld After Vote Rigging Claims The worlds largest beaver dam, buried in the thick wildness of northern Alberta and once thought to be inaccessible, has been reached by an amateur explorer from the United States. Ebola outbreak Collapse of three African states possible Over 340 global investors who represent more than $24 trillion agree that aggressive climate action will help the global economy For some time to come, the delicate balance between freedom and security may have to shift, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott warns. Turkeys president refuses to reveal how he secured release of 49 hostages from ISIS without a single shot fired Peta's Call to Muslims to Observe Vegetarian Eid Misfires & is Met with Violent Protests Monday  We are offended by this move of PETA. This is a direct attack on our religious beliefs. PETA supporters fled the scene. ISIS audio urges Muslims everywhere to kill 'unbelievers' ISIS urges jihadists to attack Canadians ISIS Destroys Armenian Genocide Memorial Church in Der Zor NASAs Newest Mars Mission Spacecraft Enters Orbit around Red Planet Turkey closes borders, preventing Kurds from returning to defend their villages from ISIL Thousands evade Ebola lockdown in Sierra Leone. Health officials in Guinea said people were coming in waves through the bush, fearing they would be taken away if they were found to have the disease. Iraqi Army Uses Russian AntiTank Guided Missile Systems Against IS for First Time. Five armored Islamic State vehicles with gunmen were destroyed. Scotland leader says voters were 'tricked' into rejecting independence by a lastminute vow India's LowCost Mars Mission Completes Crucial Engine Firing Test, Prepares To Enter Mars Orbit In Two Days Street protests demanding urgent action on climate change have attracted hundreds of thousands of marchers in more than 2,000 locations worldwide. Islamic State fighters using women captives as 'human shields' in face of Western air strikes Belgium has been put on edge over potential Islamist terrorist attacks for the second time in four months amid reports that a man and woman who had returned from the war in Syria via Turkey were plotting an assault on the European Union's main offices in Brussels. Russia to provide up to 8 nuclear reactors to S. Africa Nationalists push for Irish unity vote after 'inspiring' Scottish referendum  Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams said Scotland's inspiring referendum on independence would accelerate a vote to unite Ireland US approves sale of advanced AGM158 cruise missiles to Poland Poland will use the enhanced capability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen its homeland defence. Poll shows Egyptians favour democracy and stoning for adultery DuckDuckNo The privacyfocused search engine is blocked in China Liberia to become 1st nation in Africa to completely stop cutting down its trees in return for development aid  Norway will pay the impoverished country $150m to stop deforestation by 2020. US Airstrikes Under Way in Syria Google will stop supporting climate change science deniers, calls them liars Netflix refuses CRTC demand to hand over subscriber data World Wide Web inventor slams Internet fast lanes Its bribery. King Abdullah of Jordan offers the US to send Jordanian ground forces to attack ISIS in Syria Germany will introduce caps on rent rises in densely populated areas in the first half of 2015, the government announced on Tuesday, in what it said was an attempt to keep homes affordable for people on average incomes. CDC scientists predict there could be a staggering 550,000 to 1.4 million ebola cases by late January. Turkey allows girls as young as 10 to cover hair at schools Turkey has lifted a ban on the Islamicstyle headscarf in schools, allowing girls from the fifth grade and up to cover their hair in a further easing of generationsold restrictions on the public expression of faith. ISIS kidnaps French tourist in Algeria and threatens to execute him within 24 hours if France intervenes in Iraq Man Bitten by Ebola Patient Flown to Switzerland France wont stop fight in Iraq despite kidnapping Russia will add 80 new warships to Black Sea Fleet fleet commander New Deep Web Service Will Leak Your Documents If You Get Killed, Jailed, Or Injured German Muslims condemn Islamic State in nationwide day of prayer Over 1/2 the World's Population Still Can't Connect to the Internet Hong Kong students take to streets in mass strike over China's refusal to grant full democracy Xi Jinping asks Chinese Army to be ready for a regional war Israel approves Intel's $6 billion investment in chip plant Coal has no future in the world's energy mix, UN warns, ahead of New York summit Putin Considers Throwing Russia Into ISIS Fight Report WHO Ebola 'contained in Senegal and Nigeria' Ukraine will get drones and sniper rifles from the USA Australia will launch airstrikes against ISIS Rhino poaching kingpin arrested in South Africa