 b'Reuters under fire for removing weapons, blood from images of Gaza flotilla  Haaretz ' b'Museum stops exhibition about homosexuality in religion  The museum of World Cultures in Gothenburg cancels a planned exhibition about homosexuality in religion in order to avoid disturbing religious groups.' b'China claims North Korean Border Guards kill three people on the Chinese side of the border.' b'Bilderberg 2010 Help us identify the delegates ' Russian Soldiers 'looted Polish crash dead'   Four Russian soldiers have been charged with stealing bank cards from the wreckage of the plane crash that killed Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 95 others. b'Amnesty links US to Yemen attack  A US cruise missile carrying cluster bombs was used in an attack in Yemen that killed 55 people, most of them civilians, Amnesty International has said.' b'Van der Sloot confesses to Peru slaying  Americas msnbc.com' b'Cop sees landscape artist with Tourette's punching himself in the face. Cop calls man retard, handcuffs him on phony theft rap.' b'Canadian soldier killed in Afghanistan   Sgt. Martin Goudreault, 35, died Sunday while on foot patrol roughly 15 kilometres southwest of the city of Kandahar, Brig.Gen. Jon Vance said.' b'Turkey to cancel defense agreements with Israel after flotilla attack' b'Roman gladiator cemetery found in England' b'Human Gene Patent Challenged In Australian Court' b'The Israeli flotilla attack  victimhood, aggression and tribalism  Glenn Greenwald  Salon.com' b'It Takes 26 Years After Thousands Die To Give Union Carbide Execs A Slap On The Wrist' b'Shell has been spilling oil in Nigeria for years with impunity' b'Lost WWII battlefield discovered in jungles of New Guinea, including remains of dead where they fell.' b'Cocaine worth $1bn seized in The Gambia  headed for Europe.' b'Former CIA analyst alleges ChinaSaudi nuclear missile deal' b'International Subsidies for Oil Equal $557 BILLION; [Cutting Subsidies] This is the only single policy item that could make such a major change in the global energy and climatechange game. ' b'Since I was abducted and brought to the US I was heavily tortured and pressured by US intelligence  Iranian nuclear scientist who defected to US' b'NZ student tasers pregnant woman  A New Zealand medical student who used a Taser to repeatedly shock a ninemonth pregnant woman, causing her to go into labour, has been charged with attempted firstdegree murder in the United States.' b'One year after Tehran erupted in protest, nothing has changed, but everything has changed.' b'Turkish Prez Erdogan Israel Will Pay For Flotilla Raid  A week after the Israeli commando raid on a Gazabound Turkish ship, which left nine people dead, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said he would no longer be silent on Gaza becoming a giant prison.' b'Spanish Youth Part of the Lost Generation  At almost 20 percent, Spain suffers the secondhighest unemployment rate in the European Union. But the rate for those just entering the job market is twice as high.' b'World Peace Index 2010 released  USA 85th out of 149 countries, New Zealand most peaceful.' Kim Dotcom offers $5m bounty in online piracy case  Megaupload founder in bid to prove US authorities aided by New Zealand illegally targeted him at behest of Hollywood studios Lego asks UK government to stop using their products in antiScottishindependence videos. F35's single engine too dangerous for Canadian military, report says Religious orders allowed over 2,000 Irish children to be used in medical experiments Russia warns Finland against joining NATO. 'If Finland wants to join NATO, they should think first. Will you join and start World War III?' warns Russian President Vladimir Putin's personal envoy Sergei Markov. 'France must give refuge to Edward Snowden' | A petition calling for France to grant asylum to American NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden has garnered over 33,000 signatures in less than 12 hours. Gunmen attack Karachi international airport, injuring security guards and hurling grenades Inspectors find 'fear and intimidation' at UK schools linked to Muslim extremism Some of our findings are deeply worrying, and in some ways quite shocking. In the most serious cases, a culture of fear and intimidation has taken grip. said Michael Wilshaw, head of the Ofsted schools inspectorate. An outbreak of Ebola virus disease is happening in West Africa with 395 cases, 215 deaths and a case fatality of 54% as today Israel has prevented a senior Palestinian soccer delegate from traveling to this month's World Cup in Brazil, his federation said on Sunday. Brazil Has Done More To Stop Climate Change Than Any Other Country, Study Finds Russia would react to NATO beefing up forces near borders Russia would consider any further expansion of NATO forces near its borders a demonstration of hostile intentions and would take political and military measures to ensure its own security, Interfax quoted a senior diplomat as saying. Britain calls up Dad's Army of spies to watch Russia  Military intelligence chiefs have been rerecruiting Cold War veterans and retired linguists because of a lack of Russian skills to deal with the Ukraine crisis Delhi court awards life imprisonment to 17 policemen for killing a 22 year old student in a staged shootout U.S. Sends Stealth Bombers To Europe Gates Foundation Sells Stake in Worlds Biggest Securityservices and Prison Operator, UKbased G4S Death of Palestinians in protest may be Israeli war crime, rights group says China's antigraft campaign is now targeting officials who have sent their spouses & children abroad, where they can create channels to potentially funnel illicit gains & establish footholds for eventual escape from the mainland UK Prime Minister Cameron to order school inspections over worries about infiltration by Muslim extremists. Egypt Mob torches Christian shops ahead of trial sraeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus strongest coalition partner threatened to bring down the government if it tries to annex West Bank settlements following the breakdown of Mideast peace talks Japan to press for resumption of annual whale hunt Two men have been given life sentences by a Moscow court for the 2006 murder of journalist Anna Politkovskaya, Russian news agencies report. Latin Americans forge ahead with CO2 reduction plans. Over the past year, Guatemala, Honduras, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Colombia, Chile, Bolivia and Peru have all either passed or announced an intent to legislate major new policies to cut greenhouse gas emissions China ships 'rammed 1,400 times by Vietnamese vessels' as tensions continue to rise between the two countries. Fifa sponsor demands 'appropriate investigation' One of Fifa's main sponsors, Sony, calls for an investigation into the decision to award the 2022 World Cup to Qatar Stephen Fry denounces UK government for not acting on Snowden revelations For first time in history, Islamic prayers to be held in Vatican Qatar allegedly paid $1.7 million to secure Asian votes for their World Cup bid Man who spotted what may have been the burning missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 off the coast of Vietnam sacked from his position on an oil rig after reporting the incident. An American fossils dealer has been jailed for smuggling dinosaur bones including a 70millionyearold Tyrannosaurus fossil from Mongolia. MH370 family members suspect coverup. Raise money for whistleblowers to come forward. Car bombs kill 52 in Baghdad, militants storm university and take hostages 2,000 Irish Children in Church Custody Used as Drug Trial Guinea Pigs Facebook blocks users in Pakistan from access to several leftwing secular pages on request from the Pakistani government Rising sea levels have disturbed the skeletons of soldiers killed on the Marshall Islands during World War II  one grave with 26 dead has already been exposed. China creates 55 billion tons of artificial rain a yearand it plans to quintuple that 3 Canadian men escape Quebec City Jail with a helicopter South Africa's policy of racebased affirmative action is killing babies and must be scrapped, the country's Institute of Race Relations said. The institute said black empowerment policies had seen unqualified people appointed to positions where their incompetence hit poor and vulnerable communities Hezbollah leader says war on Assad has failed Egypt has banned unauthorized preachers from giving sermons or teaching Islam in mosques and other public places, according to a decree on Saturday marking a further step in official efforts to curb Islamist influence The United States has pledged millions of dollars in additional aid to Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia, deepening American support to the Westernleaning countries on Russia's border. Jimmy Wales UK needs USstyle first amendment to protect whistleblowers China Flattens Hundreds of Mountains for New Cities Brazil Clashes in Sao Paulo strikes ahead of World Cup | Police in Brazil have used tear gas to break up protesters on the second day of a metro strike that has left Sao Paulo's transport in chaos. Brazil Olympics Rio bay 'will not be clean for 2016' Venezuela's judiciary is persecuting students, dissidents and independent judges while turning a blind eye to most crimes in a country with one of the world's highest murder rates 90% Of Gazprom Clients Have DeDollarized, Will Transact In Euro & Renminbi Wikileaks welcomes CIA to Twitter by taking a dig at the spy agency, saying @CIA we look forward to sharing great classified info about you, along with links to CIArelated revelations in the Wikileaks website. Ukraine forces shelling Donetsk residential areas. 3 civillians killed yesterday. Most neighborhoods without water and electricity. According to the IMF, Icelands decision to push losses on to bondholders instead of taxpayers and the safeguarding of a welfare system that shielded the unemployed from penury helped propel the nation from collapse toward recovery,  Pregnant teen dies after abortion ban delays her chemo treatment for leukemia  CNN.com Chess master Garry Kasparov among those arrested outside Pussy Riot trial Russia issues warning to Britain over Assang South African Airways announces new policy no longer accepting white male applicants for pilot training programme Palestinian youth beaten unconscious in attempted lynch in Jerusalem Ecuador urges other countries to protect its London embassy  As Israel prepares for war with Iran, some citizens say the government is warmongering Australian diplomats expect Assange to be extradited to the US The Politically Incorrect Guide to U.S. Interests in the Middle East  Sorry, folks America just doesn't care about freedom or ArabIsraeli peace all that much. 16yeargld girl in the Dominican Republic dies of cancer after being refused treatment for 3 weeks due to pregnancy; under an amendment to the Dominican Republic's constitution which declares that life begins at conception, abortion is banned, effectively for any reason Richard Dawkins England's religiousinspired legal system forbids assisted suicide for two men, who have lockedinsyndrome and who cannot physically kill themselves  I am ashamed of my country and its laws The Organization of American States (OAS) to hold meeting about the threat of intervention in Ecuador's London embassy.  US vote not to hold meeting was on the losing side. In UK [United Kingdom] Threat To Ecuador, Experts See Mistake 'It was a big mistake, said former British ambassador Oliver Miles. 'It puts the British government in the position of asking for something illegitimate.' Russian chess champion Garry Kasparov could face up to 5 years in prison for alleged violence against police outside Pussy Riot sentencing. What Do Russians Think About 'Pussy Riot?' The Answer Might Surprise You  Forbes More than 30 Killed in Protest in South Africa. Miners demand higher wages and get bullets instead.  Reunited with her daughters after 5 years of Kafkaesque detention in American prisons on false charges, Iranian Shahrzad MirQolikhan to file lawsuits in the ICJ against the US Federal Bureau of Prisons and others. United Church of Canada passes boycott of products tied to Israeli settlements Syria VP defects. Australia confirmed Saturday that its diplomatic post in Washington had been preparing for Julian Assange's possible extradition to the US but played it down as contingency planning. Man arrested in Czech Republic for planning Breivik copycat attack. 20 Shiites pulled off buses in Pakistan, shot, killed police Julian Assange Extradition Ecuador 'Willing To CoOperate' With Britain  Pledge on protecting WikiLeaks founder from US could lead to deal, says source as embassy complains of 'intimidating' police Media Frenzy Over Pussy Riot Obscures Legal Plights Of LesserKnown Protesters Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa has slammed  Britain's threats to remove WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange from the Ecuador embassy. Never, as long as I am president, will Ecuador accept threats like these, which are absolutely vulgar, inconsiderate and intolerable. Assange Demands U.S. End WikiLeaks Witch Hunt. The war on whistleblowers must end. Drug Dealers in Brazil ban sale of crack, claim it destabilizes communities  Julian Assange to leave Ecuadorean embassy and make public statement in 1 hours time A dinosaur dig team has unearthed the skeleton of a massive 2000 kg triplehorned triceratops just east of Drumheller, Alberta.  World First Australia introduces plain cigarette packaging; Defeats Big Tobacco challenge in High Court. Support for Ecuador appears to be growing in Latin America. Britain ... is wrong. The threat is not only an aggression to Ecuador, it's against Bolivia, it's against South America, against the whole of Latin America, Bolivian President Evo Morales said on Friday. State Department The U.S. does not recognize the concept of diplomatic asylum | The Cable Russian clerics forgive Pussy Riot, ask for mercy Russian Orthodox Church clerics have asked the countrys authorities to show mercy on the three members of the punk band Pussy Riot, who were sentenced to two years in jail each on Friday in a trial seen as a test of President Vladimir Putin AntiIslam protest goes ahead in Germany | euronews, world news Dutch campaign to stop cannabis card law | euronews, world news 
11 yearold mentally challenged girl jailed for blasphemy in Pakistan

 Lord Rothschild takes 130m bet against the euro Oilindustry lobbyists are trying to undermine transparency measures in America and Europe that could help prevent future tyrants from emerging LIVE Julian Assange's legal team speak outside Ecuadorean Embassy in London Researchers May Have Found Amelia Earhart's Plane Debris 

A  boy calling a wrong number in India has snowballed into a major row, with 50 families facing social boycott   German spy ship aiding Syrian rebels A German newspaper has reported that a spy ship from the German intelligence agency is helping Syrian rebels in their fight to oust the Damascus regime. Prepare for 'sacred war,' Kim tells North Korea's troops  Kim Jong Un has ordered his troops not to miss their gold chance to deal at once deadly counter blows if even one shell lands in North Korean territory during upcoming U.S.South Korea military exercises Pussy Riot, sentenced to two years in a penal colony, release new antiPutin single Benjamin Netanyahu faces widespread opposition to strike on Iran British parliamentarians accused former Barclays chief executive Bob Diamond of holding back evidence during a hearing last month over the Libor raterigging scandal. Italy's tax hunters target superrich and their yachts off the Sardinian coast   Coastguards get tough. Kim warns troops to prepare for 'sacred war' during USSouth Korea exercises  CNN.com Thousands protest in Tunisia over proposed language for Constitution that describes a woman as a complement with the man in the family and an associate to the man in the development of the country. Satirist Bassem Youssef (the Jon Stewart of Egypt) ends TV show The present climate in Egypt is not suitable for a political satire program...Im tired of struggling and fearing for my personal and my familys safety and that of the people around me. Alexander Shulgin dead Godfather of ecstasy and pioneering psychedelic pharmacologist dies aged 88 Reset the Net! Reddit, Greenpeace, Amnesty unite in antiNSA hit campaign | Opponents of mass government surveillance are braced for the June5 campaign for a free and secure internet, led by some of the worlds largest websites. Attack of the Russian Troll Army Russias campaign to shape international opinion around its invasion of Ukraine has extended to recruiting and training a new cadre of online trolls that have been deployed to spread the Kremlins message on the comments section of top American websites. Sweden proposes a sixhour work day Fifa ethics head Michael Garcia won't look at new corruption allegations Fifa's chief ethics investigator will not consider millions of documents underpinning a new wave of corruption allegations surrounding the award of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar Thailands military threatens to arrest people giving Hunger Games salute 80k Palestinians left without drinking water French president plans to eat two dinners in one night just so he can keep Obama and Putin away from each other Barack Obama announces plans for a $1bn fund to increase US military deployments to Europ The Indian miraclebuster stuck in Finland An Indian man who made his name exposing the miraculous feats of holy men as tricks has fled the country after being accused of blasphemy. Now in selfimposed exile in Finland, he fears jail  or even assassination  if he returns 800 children found buried in a silage tank at a disused home for unmarried mothers in Ireland. Kerry to Israel U.S. intends to work with new Palestinian government China Blocks All Google Services Ahead of Tienanmen Square Anniversary Scientists Have Discovered A Planet They Thought Was Impossible. May have profound implications for the possibility of life on extrasolar planets. China plan to cap CO2 emissions seen turning point in climate talks. China said on Tuesday it will set an absolute cap on its CO2 emissions from 2016 just a day after the United States announced new targets for its power sector, signalling a potential breakthrough in tough U.N. climate talks. Mining company Idemitsu Australia Resources has admitted it contracted spies to infiltrate protesters opposed to the expansion of coal mining in Australia. Survey finds broad discontent in World Cup host Brazil | People take the view that the billions of dollars poured into the soccer tournament would be better spent on services such as healthcare, schools and public transportation. Spain protests call for vote on monarchy | Tens of thousands rally across Spain to demand referendum on removal of royal family after King Juan Carlos abdicates. Russia calls UN meeting to seek Ukraine ceasefire Moscow urges Security Council action to end weeks of violence in Russianspeaking eastern Ukraine, a move denounced by U.S. as hypocritical. Egyptian satirist Bassem Youssef ends his TV show Canada has been dragging its heels on commitments to create marine protected areas, according to new report. Roman Catholic Church Sexual Abuse Scandal 19 Accuse Mexican Priest, Activist Estimates as Many as '100 Victims' Climate Change Is Here Australia Experiences Hottest Two Years Ever Recorded Freak sandstorm hits Iranian capital Google is building 180 satellites to spread internet access worldwide King Juan Carlos of Spain abdicates Authorities 'cover up' radioactive waste dump | A highly radioactive substance, emitting in some places radiation 100 times the permitted amount, has been discovered in the canton of Bern, Swiss media reported on Sunday, adding that authorities had covered it up for 18 months. 7 die in Cambodia after looking for money (equivalent to approx $0.75 USD) in well Sudan backtracks on pledge to free woman sentenced to death for apostasy Bilderberg 2014 attendees list released. One killed, ten wounded after Ukrainian Air Force attack Lugansk administration building Police Apprehend LGBT Pride Protesters in Moscow German villagers build own broadband network World Cup 2014 'Hacktivist' group Anonymous plan cyberattack on sponsors including CocaCola, Budweiser and Emirates Airline Former soldiers and intelligence operatives have been sent to infiltrate a network of anticoal protesters aiming to thwart a multibillion dollar expansion of coal production in Australia. Oxford university academics support fossil fuel divestment | Fiftynine University of Oxford academics have signed an open letter urging the institution not to invest in fossil fuel companies. [Xpost from /r/divestment] 25 Years Later, Details Emerge of Armys Chaos Before Tiananmen Square Cameroon troops kills 40 Boko Haram militants ISIL kills 102yearold man and family in Syria Russia takes over UN Security Council chairmanship YouTube still blocked in Turkey despite top court verdict Palestinians swear in unity government Palestinians swore in their first national unity government in seven years on Monday, a move condemned by Israel but not other major players in the Middle East peace process, including the EU and U.S. Seoul seeks U.S. help with probe into GIs' alleged sexual abuse Egyptian judge defends mass death sentences on 'demons from hell'  Saeed Youssef says the 720 he sentenced included 'demons disguised in the cloak of Islam' who followed Jewish scripture. Tony Abbott raises eyebrows after linking WWII DDay memorial with policies on mining and carbon taxes India's southern state of Andhra Pradesh has formally split in two, with its northern area carved out to create a new state called Telangana Israel Condemns Plans for Palestinian Unity Government Nigeria will cease to exist by December 2015  Biafra Movement Leader Nigeria Boko Haram Kills 85, Burns Three Villages in Borno, Adamawa Rhino poacher shot dead by forest guards in Kaziranga National Park, India Pakistan clerics issue decree says socalled 'honour killings' are unIslamic and sign of ignorance The Pirate Bay founder Peter Sunde arrested in Sweden The National Security Agency is collecting millions of images a day for facial recognition purposes, according to classified documents obtained from Edward Snowden by the New York Times. Brazilian legend Ronaldo is appalled at how illprepared Brazil is for the World Cup with 2 weeks to go. So far, $11 billion have been spent on the event. The Canadian Government Has Forbidden Meteorologists to Discuss Climate Change | VICE News US soldier Bowe Bergdahl freed by Taliban in Afghanistan Singaporean gets sued by his PM for defamation, citizens have crowdfunded $50,000 in 3 days to fight back Suspect arrested over Brussels shooting, allegedly linked to Syrian jihadis  Mehdi Nemmouche, a 29yearold French citizen, arrested in Marseilles carrying a Kalashnikov rifle. The world is increasingly hungry because small farmers are losing access to farmland. [...] Corporate and commercial farms, big biofuel operations and land speculators are pushing millions off their land. After a nationwide attack against the Iranian President by Friday Prayer leaders for saying that you can't force people into heaven, Rouhani hits back at them; publicly mocking the extremist clerics for opposing modernisation. Sudanese woman facing death penalty for abandoning Islam to be freed UK 'threatens to quit EU over presidency'  Der Spiegel | German magazine Der Spiegel says British PM David Cameron warned that the UK could leave the EU if Luxembourg exPM JeanClaude Juncker became president of the European Commission. Turkish police fire tear gas at hundreds of protesters in Istanbul's Taksim Square on anniversary of deadly violence. UN backlash as Uganda's 'antigay' minister heads for human rights top job World Cup More than 1,400 football hooligans in England will have to hand their passports to police in the coming days to stop them going to the World Cup. Desmond Tutu calls oilsands filth created by greed in Fort McMurray speech Canada pledges 3.5 Billion to improving maternal health in thirdworld countries There Might Be 100 Million Planets In The Galaxy With Complex Life Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said Saturday that a coalition government to be formed by his Fatah party and its rival, the militant group Hamas, will be sworn in Monday. Taliban five arrive in Qatar after swap deal Eyeing Pakistan and China, India's Modi bolsters security team Corporate Stranglehold of Farmland a Risk to World Food Security, Study Says US cybercrime laws being used to target security researchers Russian language to become compulsory in Syrian schools Pussy Riot found GUILTY A Former CIA man on the UK threat to go into the Ecuador embassy and arrest Assange This was unheard of even during ... the Cold War. If someone sought refuge in the US Embassy in Moscow or the Soviet Embassy in the United States ... international law was always honored. This is unprecedented. Anonymous calls for shutdown of TrapWire to start this Saturday Moscow bans gay pride marches for the next century German TV crew attacked while filming at Chinese factory  angry workers shouted 'kill the foreign spies' Norway's police chief resigned on Thursday, days after an independent commission found that police could have prevented all or part of a bombing and shooting spree by farright militant Anders Behring Breivik that killed 77 people. Irans President Ahmadinejad calls Israels existence insult to all humanity What the world thinks Should drugs like cocaine and heroin be legalised? | The Economist Syria rebels warn they will turn to AlQaeda if West fails them AntiLeaks is DDOSing RT.com WikiLeaks siege fiasco 40 cops and 50,000 pounds a day Scientology Detox Programs expensive &  unproven  
There is no evidence Scientology's 'Purif' and 'Narconon' detox work & the megadoses of vitamins involved may harm health No one else will protect Assange, so Ecuador will  The Drum Opinion (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Half of Scotland's drug deaths caused by prescribed heroin substitute, more than heroin itself... Mexico's big oil problem Crude production by Mexico, the third largest supplier of oil to the U.S., is falling fast. As Ecuador Grants Assange Asylum, Former UK Ambassador Says Embassy Raid Is Coming After Enormous Pressure from the Obama Administration Air France asks passengers for refuel cash at Damascus stop
| Reuters Pussy Riot guilty of hooliganism  Fraser Institute cofounder confirms 'years and years' of U.S. oil billionaires' funding Jewish extremists believed behind attack that hurts 6 Palestinians in W. Bank; Netanyahu to Abbas Jerusalem not taking incident lightly. Russian Embassy in London attacked Chilean students arrested in Santiago schools  There were violent clashes as police moved in & arrested 139 people, mostly teenage students, who were occupying 3 schools in the capital.  Students have held months of mass protests demanding free, highquality public education for all. Entire book (53,000 words, 11 images and a computer program) encoded on to DNA Assange's flight from Sweden, a decent democracy, into the arms of Ecuador's megalomanic president is incomprehensible The Guardian Germany Debates Plan to Pay StayatHome Moms Pensioner who hid medals and absconded from care home found at DDay celebrations in France. The 89year old was reported missing from his Hove care home but actually sneaked onboard a coach for a final reunion with his DDay comrades across the Channel DDay veteran 'Remember Germans too' U.S. admits supplying lethal aid to Syrian rebels Vietnam has released dramatic footage showing a large Chinese ship chasing and ramming one of its fishing boats that then sank near an oil rig in contested waters in the South China Sea Scientists have found traces of Theia, the planet that smashed into the Earth to form the Moon, in lunar rocks North Korea detains U.S. citizen; now has three in custody 'I'm not going to Brazil' hashtag tackles World Cup Ebola virus disease, West Africa (Situation as of 5 June 2014)  now the largest recorded Ebola outbreak in history Putin says Russian city Volgograd can become Stalingrad again Labor has slammed Tony Abbott, declaring him embarrassing for cancelling meetings with the world's top finance officials during his visit to the United States. China may build an artificial island in disputed South China Sea to use as a military base in enforcing a future Air Defense Identification Zone. Hero's welcome for runaway DDay veteran  The 89yearold war veteran who slipped out of his care home to attend DDay commemorations in Normandy has arrived back in the UK to a hero's welcome Metal spikes have been installed outside a block of luxury flats in London to deter homeless people from sleeping there. Vodafone says 'Six unnamed nations have access to user's phone use at any time.' One hundred of Australia's richest people have taken advantage of a rare amnesty from the Australian Taxation Office  issued in March this year  to reveal their use of secretive offshore tax havens without severe punishment. WWII Vet, AWOL From Nursing Home, Found At Normandy Ceremonies Canadian government orders federal departments to keep tabs on all demonstrations across country China investigation finds 1,000 'naked officials' in Guangdong investigation in China has revealed that more than 1,000 officials in the southern province of Guangdong have spouses or children living abroad Rising seas wash Japanese war dead from Marshall Islands graves  Officials blame climate change as 26 skeletons are found on Santo Island after high tides batter Pacific archipelago Palm Oil In Pastries Drives Deforestation China May Build Artificial Island Military Base In South China Sea From Which To Project Power Ukraine's new president sworn in, says he would guarantee indemnity from criminal charges to separatists who did not have blood on their hands World Cup 2014 Police use rubber bullets and tear gas as Sao Paulo underground strike enters third day Power cuts in north India spark riots Finland To Put NATO Membership to Referendum Quebec passes 'dying with dignity' bill, allows terminally ill patients be given the choice to end their lives. Europe to force Google, Facebook to abide by EU privacy rules Gunman who killed three RCMP officers and wounded two others in Moncton has been captured by police Irish government now seemingly caught in the act of tapping thousands of phones Vodafone admits governments use 'secret cables' to tap citizens' phones Internet users cannot be sued for browsing the web, ECJ rules (Reuters)  An 18yearold Pakistani has survived being shot and thrown in a canal by her family for marrying the man she loved, police said, weeks after the honor killing of another woman drew worldwide condemnation Thai military leader I want to tell any offenders on social media that police will come get you for criticizing them. German intelligence agency confesses to spy stations Brazil transit strike hits a week before World Cup Bill C24 promises to shred the passports of Canadians who the Minister of Immigration deems terroristsand deport them to countries they may have never seen before. Vodafone reveals existence of secret wires that allow state surveillance CIA drone strikes embarrassment for US as Pakistan court orders murder investigation  Telegraph Twelve injured in sword fight between rival Sikhs rowing over who should speak first Russian President Vladimir Putin meets Ukrainian Presidentelect Petro Poroshenko for first time since election Israel navy fires on Gaza fishing boats The Canadian government is expanding its surveillance of public activities to include all known demonstrations across the country Fishermen's clip proves China's Lied North Korea has announced that a third American has been arrested and is in state custody. AntiAmerican Sentiment On The Rise In Russia. Forty percent of respondents said their opinion about the United States was generally negative, while 31 percent said it was very negative. Ukraine says 15 rebels killed in border clash. Government aide says armed men came from Russia in trucks and an infantry vehicle and tried to cross eastern boundary. Alibaba billionaire Jack Ma purchases half of China's best soccer club German spy agency comes clean on secret sites Hundreds of Scientists to Canada Prime Minister Stephen Harper Pipeline report deeply flawed  Blasts federal review recommending approval of Northern Gateway tar sands pipeline as biased. He'll decide whether to approve $7b pipeline from Alberta to British Columbia this month. Big blast hits Kosovo power station near Pristina A loud explosion has been reported at a coalfired power station outside Kosovo's capital Pristina, causing a number of casualties. The Worlds first wastetobiofuels facility has opened in Edmonton Canada. The facility converts household garbage into biofuels. By 2016, it is expected that 90 per cent of the city's waste will be diverted out of the landfill because of this facility. Dont ask for privacy, Take it back AntiNSA #ResetTheNet campaign kicks off Gunman on the loose in Moncton Unconfirmed reports RCMP officers shot After 16 hours, gunman who killed three Canadian cops still on the loose, city in lockdown Pope Francis sacks entire Italian board of the Vatican's financial watchdog Irish church under fire after research uncovers 796 young children buried in an old septic tank A major criminal trial involving two men charged with serious terrorism offences could be held entirely in secret for the first time in modern British legal history Snowden publicly supports Reset the Net campaign This is the beginning of a moment where we the people begin to protect our universal human rights with the laws of nature rather than the laws of nations India state minister on rape 'Sometimes it's right, sometimes it's wrong' German NSAProof Server Protonet Smashes Crowdfunding Record by Raising $1m in 89 Minutes Russian to become mandatory in Syrian schools Witnesses Boko Haram militants slaughter hundreds The Guardian launches SecureDrop system for whistleblowers to share files | SecureDrop platform allows sources to submit documents and data while avoiding most common forms of online tracking. Canada bans government meteorologists from talking about climate change Thousands gather in Hong Kong to remember Tiananmen killings. Crowds pack Hong Kong's Victoria Park to demand the truth about the Tiananmen crackdown 25 years ago and to call for an end to an assault on Communist Party critics that many view as the worst since 1989 Finns invent promising method for CO2 reduction. Researchers at the Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences have developed a waterbased technique for removing carbon dioxide from industrial emissions. 68 U.S. companies procure minerals from North Korea despite Economic Sanctions Extinct bat found in Papua New Guinea after 124 years. Putin on Clinton 'It's better not to argue with women.' He later characterized Clinton's comments as a sign of weakness, which is maybe not the worst quality for a woman, he added. Air attack on proRussian separatists in Luhansk kills 8, stuns residents Rebels seize three govt bases in Ukraine Japan's SoftBank Corp said on Thursday it will start selling humanlike robots for personal use by February, expanding into a sector seen key to addressing labour shortages in one of the world's fastest ageing societies. US Deploying B52s to Europe Nearly $190 million in assets linked to ousted Ukrainian leader Viktor Yanukovych and his inner circle have been frozen in Switzerland Angered by Palestinian unity gov't, Israel to build more settler homes Relatives of Chinese citizens gunned down during the 1989 Tiananmen massacre have defied unprecedented Communist Party attempts to silence them to demand the truth about their lovedones deaths ahead of todays 25th anniversary of the crackdown. David Cameron's house 'fracked' by protestors Nigerian military courtmartials 15, including 10 generals, for aiding Boko Haram The mayor of Venice is among 35 people arrested in Italy over alleged corruption in connection with new flood barriers built to protect the city. Poll Australians concern about climate change & a desire for the government to take action is on the rise. 45% want action now 'whatever the cost', as survey reveals a 9point rise in the strongest response since 2012 Obama expected to ask Abbott to put climate change back on G20 agenda US coastguard releases Chinese boat accused of illegal fishing in North Pacific. Vessel caught with half a tonne of salmon and highseas net widely condemned as highly destructive to marine life North Korea asked Japan for food and medical aid Antimarijuana candidate loses in Uruguay primary People 'more negative about Russia' People's views of Russia have strongly deteriorated since last year The world's leading industrialized nations meet without Russia for the first time in 17 years on Wednesday, leaving President Vladimir Putin out of the talks in retaliation for his seizure of Crimea and Russia's part in destabilizing eastern Ukraine. Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital OSCE confirms that deadly explosion at Lugansk HQ which killed civilians was indeed a nonguided missiles launched from an aircraft. While Ukraine military confirmed they fired 150 missiles in Lugansk area that day Rouhani We shouldn't interfere in people's lives to such an extent, even out of compassion. Let them choose their own path to heaven. Lithuania is set to adopt the euro on 1 January 2015, after the European Commission said it had met the criteria for joining the single currency. Heavy fighting is taking place in and around the rebelheld city of Sloviansk in eastern Ukraine Finlands Foreign Ministry has adopted a corruption trigger for reporting the misuse of development aid. The online service is the first of its kind to be used by the Finnish public service and is available in Finnish, Swedish and English. Protestors in Spain Don't Want to Have a King Anymore Thousands of Spaniards & Mexicans are welcoming new king by chanting proRepublican slogans like Monarchy Out!, Up With the Third Republic!, & Referendum Now! Germany investigates alleged NSA Merkel phone tap Germanys chief federal prosecutor says he has opened an investigation into the alleged monitoring of Chancellor Angela Merkels cell phone by the U.S. National Security Agency. Sweden considers making programming an alternative to shop class China, once the manual labour workshop of the world, has become the largest buyer of industrial robots An Uproar in Australia Over Proposal to Deregulate Tuition Major explosion, fire at Shell plant in the Netherlands Australias one hundred days of truthtelling Operation Blame the Victims was in full swing again today as Scott Morrison insisted that it was the unarmed men who received the beating who are to blame Activists stage fracking protest at David Cameron's home Signs to drill under PM's cottage in Cotswold put up to protest against tresspass law changes expected in Queen's speech Angry Chinese occupy government office, smash computers in environment protest, seize bribes Snoop Dogg banned from Norway for 2 years after trying to enter the country with a small amount of pot Ebola Breaks Out in Uganda Killing 14 France forgives Ivory Coast's debt worth $4bn Saudi forces 'open fire' on protesters  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Saudi businessman cancels contracts with Russia due to their stance on Syria At least three banks seen central to Libor rigging Olympics opening ceremony was 'multicultural crap', Tory MP tweets Enbridge shuts down part of CanadaUS pipeline after oil spill in Wisconsin 
Chinese officials forced to cancel 2nd  industrial waste pipeline project in a month after 1,000 environmental protesters occupy office, overturn cars, destroy computers & beat police officers. Environmental worries have stoked calls for expanded rights for citizens.  Deadly Ebola virus breaks out in Uganda, 14 killed in western Uganda this month The Syrian opposition who's doing the talking? The media have been too passive when it comes to Syrian opposition sources, without scrutinising their backgrounds and their political connections. The acting Venezuelan envoy to Kenya was found dead at her official residence in Nairobi, and police said Friday she was murdered by strangulation. Federal police heads to roll in Germany  The leadership of Germany's Federal Police is to be replaced, according to various media reports quoting sources close to the government. Mexicans pay in blood for the US's war on drugs. 100,000 dead and counting. Spain unemployment hits new high at 24.6% China waste water pipeline scrapped after protest  Gorilla hangs himself by accident in Prague Zoo Ebola outbreak confirmed in Uganda. UN states fail to reach arms trade treaty With American and Iranian naval vessels operating in close proximity in the Persian Gulf there is  constant danger that a small incident could spark a major war.  Canada's Enbridge Inc, already under fire from U.S. regulators over a massive oil spill two years ago, said on Friday it had shut a key pipeline indefinitely after an oil leak in Wisconsin. US, Pakistan Officials Trade Accusations at Tense Conference U.N. states fail to reach global arms trade treaty. Monthlong conference on a new U.N. treaty to regulate the multibillion dollar global arms trade has failed. London Olympics 2012 Row after NBC drop opening ceremony '7/7 tribute' Woman sees wells built to fulfill her late daughter's wishes; 9yo hoped to raise $300 to bring clean water to an African village. After she died 32,000 people donated $1.27 million Vietnam to consider gay marriage, could become first country in Asia to legalise it Dominican Republic abortion ban stops treatment for pregnant teen with cancer A 16yrold girl, dying of acute leukemia, needs chemotherapy. But there's a problem the teen is pregnant and treatment would very likely terminate the pregnancy, a violation of Dominican antiabortion laws At 71, Hiroshi Hoketsu is the oldest competing Olympian in 92 years. Oxford University rewrites gender dress code  Oxford University students will no longer have to wear genderspecific academic clothing after concerns it was unfair to the transgender community Defense Minister Ehud Barak is evicting hundreds of Palestinian farmers and shepherds by declaring the land on which their villages stand 'firing zones.' During recent floods in Beijing the early warning system failed; police officers were reportedly busy ticketing stranded cars rather than helping citizens in need; and workers at toll plazas continued to collect fees as people desperately tried to escape the rising waters. The pattern in the reporting of the Syrian civil war suggests the opposition (possibly in collaboration with western governments) are trying to manipulate the media. The Obama administration has for now abandoned efforts for a diplomatic settlement to the conflict in Syria, and instead it is increasing aid to the rebels and redoubling efforts to rally a coalition of likeminded countries to forcibly bring down the government of President Bashar alAssad Japanese politicians perplexed by antinuclear protests Report Mubarak has $70 billion in banks Barclays executive blamed for Libor scandal given 8.75m payoff Former U.S. officials say CIA considers Israel to be Mideast's biggest spy threat Hundreds of Spaniards protested Sunday against the conservative government's proposal to roll back women's abortion rights, including in cases where the fetus is deformed. Hunting the Hunter  
In a remote patch of N India, poaching is so rampant that leopard skins & rare animal parts are sold from tea stalls. Along with a team of wildlife activists, journalists help track & pin down a notorious poacher. Here's how it happened. Breakout of Ebola virus is confirmed in Uganda 'Britons evaded 200m in tax' using HSBCowned Swiss bank Trade minister who headed banking division is facing further pressure
 
7 Nations Face Sanctions Over Endangered Species  
UN will penalize  Syria,  Paraguay, Nepal, Rwanda, Comoros, GuineaBissau, & Solomon Islands for lax rules or not reporting wildlife trade. They're traded for food, fuel, health care, religious items, collections, trophy hunting & other sport. Kenyan police say the acting Venezuelan ambassador to Kenya, found dead in her official home in Nairobi Friday, was strangled.  Amnesty International USA Blasts Obama Administration for Stunning Cowardice At UN Arms Talks US presents Israel with Iran strike plan  Al Jazeera speaks to captured Syrian secret police Chinese court dismisses fraud charge against rights activist Ni Yulan  Disabled lawyer has prison time cut by two months in small victory for China's human rights movement Syrian rebels survive regime onslaught in Aleppo  Italian embassy staff kidnapped in Yemen b'Ireland to Israel If any harm comes to any of our citizens, it will have the most serious consequences.' b'Member of the Israeli parliament who was on board the international flotilla corroborate the videotape showing that Israeli forces were firing  before they boarded They wanted many deaths to terrorise us' The United States has blocked demands at the UN security council for an international inquiry into Israel's assault on the Turkish ship carrying aid to Gaza that left nine proPalestinian activists dead b'BBC News  Gunman kills several in west Cumbria, UK' b'And thus Glenn Greenwald destroyed an Israel lobby lapdog [vid]' b'Nicaragua suspends diplomatic ties with Israel' b'It took its time, but... TOP OFFICIALS from several Government departments and the Garda have recommended the expulsion of an Israeli embassy security officer after concluding that Israel forged Irish passports used by suspects in the murder of a Hamas official in Dubai.' b'It has long been known that German civilians fell victim to Czech excesses immediately following the Nazi surrender at the end of World War II. But a newly discovered video shows one such massacre in brutal detail. And it has come as a shock to the Czech Republic.' b'A halfcentury ago, Afghan women pursued careers in medicine; men and women mingled casually at movie theaters and university campuses in Kabul' UK Redditors, if you haven't already done so please sign this petition to lobby the government to push for an *international* investigation into the flotilla attacks b'Turkish PM  It is no longer possible to cover up or ignore Israel's lawlessness. This bloody massacre by Israel on ships that were taking humanitarian aid to Gaza deserves every kind of curse.' b'Japan PM to step down for failing to move US base on Okinawa' b'First reports from flotilla activists witnesses from two other vessels report being attacked with tear gas, rubber bullets, and stun guns.' b'World War Two bomb explodes in Germany, three dead' b'Nutmeg is coming to destroy Israel' b'Barney Frank people are howling for Israel to pay a price that dont seem disturbed that North Koreans killed 46 South Koreans by torpedoing a South Korean boat. I think we have a right to ask for some consistency.' b'Israel will respond in like with the same commando units with the same level of force, and are willing to take further criticism regarding their response towards future convoys.' b'Toxicology tests have reportedly found that two teenagers who were thought to have died as a result of taking mephedrone  leading to a successful campaign to ban it  had not taken the drug.' b'Think S. Korea is free? Police are investigating Internet users for expressing dissenting opinions about the warship incident online. If found guilty, they could be jailed for up to five years or fined.' Why is Gaza under blockade? What's the impact? Israel says there is no humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip, UN strongly disagrees. McDonald's New Gay Friendly Ad b'A heatwave strikes India and South Asia, reaching  53C and is reported to have killed many hundreds  of people.' UN report says CIA drone strikes in Pakistan 'illegal' b'In the 62 years of its existence, Israel has never been at peace and continues to be surrounded by enemies even today. A perpetual paranoid State.' b'Turkey likens Israeli raid on aid ship to 9/11 attacks' MIT study shows that the increased presence of local female political leaders in India has had a marked impact on adolescents and their families, raising the career aspirations and educational performance of young women. Iran's nuclear scientists are not being assassinated. They are being murdered Liberal party of Canada endorse marijuana legalization The Pirate Bay PIPA/SOPA Wont Stop Us! Captain of sinking cruise ship in Italy abandoned the ship and was ordered to go back. He didn't. Its a girl The three deadliest words in the world Norway authorities take away Indian couple's kids, say feeding with hands wrong London has them. And Amsterdam. And Copenhagen. Now Sweden plans a 4lane superhighway, just for bicycles. Kim Jong Nam In a new book, Kim Jong Il's eldest son says the new North Korean regime is bound for disaster.
 Damning Tape of Cruise Ships Captain  As the captain of the stricken Costa Concordia was appearing in court, & the death toll rose to 11, a recording emerged purporting to show heated radio exchanges between him & the harbour master How Iceland came back from economic meltdown and what it means for U.S. and Europe Human Rights Watch states $32 Billion Missing in Oilrich povertystricken Angola; $7.1 billion transferred into escrow accounts overseas and $24.9 billion that appear as an unexplained discrepancy in government accounts. The worlds top oil exporter, Saudi Arabia, said on Monday it could increase oil production by about 2 million barrels per day (bpd) almost immediately, a day after Iran threatened its Gulf neighbors not to compensate for any shortfall in its oil exports if sanctions bite too harshly. Ethiopia's government has been accused of forcing tens of thousands of people off their land so it can be leased to foreign investors. In India, the Challenge of Building 50,000 Colleges  
To become an economic powerhouse, India needs to educate as many as 100 million young people over the next 10 years  something never done before.  Listen Schettino, there are people trapped aboard, you go with your lifeboat under the prow of the ship on the port side and you go aboard the ship using the rope ladder. You go aboard and you tell me how many people there are. Is it clear? I'm recording this conversation, Commander Schettino Is America Helping Israel Kill Iranian Scientists? The View From Iran Israel's 'national suicide'  China's 'Strong' GDP Report Actually Reveals How Easily The Country Could Go Into A Hard Landing Dutch lab that created deadly bird flu virus attacks America for redacting its research French parliament report accuses Israel of water 'apartheid' in West Bank  Pakistan's government goes on trial The Pakistan government, a key US ally, is on verge of collapse. Why Are Tibetan Monks Setting Themselves on Fire? The rising practice of selfimmolation follows severe government restrictions, an ebbing Tibetan identity, and reports of torture Israel need not choose between a nuclear Iran and war. A third alternative is a nuclearfree zone Ship's captain was 'showboating', admits cruise firm  Wanted to give the head waiter a better view of his home  UK Owner of TVShack, a linking only website, is to be extradited to the US and faces up to 10 years in prison for supposed copyright infringement. Israeli 'Rosa Parks' causes storm by refusing to go to the back of the bus Tanya Rosenblit stayed in her seat on a bus when UltraOrthodox Jewish men demanded that she move to the back. Brazil's Falling Birth Rate A 'New Way Of Thinking'  There are a lot of reasons for the drop in [the fertility rate in] Brazil, and most of them have to do with the modernization, this new way of thinking. Women are modern, and they take care of their own lives Iran says it has evidence U.S. behind scientist's killing
 Assassinating Iranian nuclear scientists increases the likelihood that they will develop an atomic bomb Ar a time when the current Conservative Government has cut public spending dramatically, the Education Secretary, who has also cut teachers' numbers, has proposed that the British Taxpayer fund a new yacht for the Queen, at a cost of at least 60m. Give Queen a new 60m royal yacht for diamond jubilee, says UK Education secretary Associated Press opens a full news bureau in North Korea Russia would regard any military intervention linked to Iran's nuclear program as a threat to its own security Imprisoned Tymoshenko fears for her life, says daughter  Ukrainian opposition figure Yulia Tymoshenko, jailed on corruption charges, allegedly fell unconscious after taking medicine from prison doctors. Her daughter told DW the regime is trying to physically break Tymoshenko. The leader of the Pakistani Taliban, the militant movement that poses the gravest security threat to the country, is believed to have been killed by a U.S. drone strike Cruise ship captain may have made 'significant' error, company says Pakistani dad kills daughter in brutal axe murder for dating a Christian Heads of elite universities' earnings exceed 333,000 on average, despite squeeze on institutions' overall budgets, and an increase in university fees at the students' expense. Africa losing billions in tax evasion from multinational corporations through payment transfers Canadian Naval officer charged with leaking secrets to foreign interests Israel's law keeping Arab families apart Romanian protesters clash with riot police  Romanian riot police used tear gas against protesters who threw rocks and set fire to newspaper stands and rubbish bins in central Bucharest in a fourth day of street demonstrations against government austerity measures Sunday. EU rules have forced Goldman Sachs, which publishes fullyear results on Wednesday, to disclose it pays its top UK staff an average of 4m. Baghdad Detains U.S. Contractors Prosecutors say captain of wrecked Italian luxury liner purposely sailed close to shore to greet a friend with a blast of the ships horn  When it started sinking, he beat many passengers off the ship Cruise disaster Captain 'neared Italian rocks to greet friend on shore An interview with 0xOmar, the Saudi hacker who has been wreaking havoc on Israel Chevron Corp. says an offshore rig being run for its subsidiary near Nigeria's oilrich southern delta has caught fire and officials are still trying to account for all the workers there. Iran makes arrests in killing of nuclear scientist Monsanto to face biopiracy charges in India Israeli intelligence officers have been posing as CIA agents to recruit Pakistani terrorists in a covert war with Iran Richard Dawkins celebrates a victory over creationists Israel flunks nuclear safety test  gets low marks on pervasiveness of corruption, legislation and quantities of nuclear material Iran accuses US and Britain of role in killing of nuclear scientist ... sent a diplomatic letter to the US saying that it has evidence and reliable information that the CIA provided guidance, support and planning to assassin Three dead, 40 missing in Italian ship disaster France steps forward with Robin Hood tax, a levy of between 0.01 and 0.1 percent on financial transactions, such as the trading of stocks and bonds  Hong Kong Women Protest Against Mainland Mothers  Pregnant women & mothers pushing strollers took to the streets to oppose the growing number of mainland Chinese giving birth in the city, which has semiautonomous status, entitling a child to rights of abode & education Hungary far right demands exit from EU, burns flag at rally Russian aircraftcarrier arrives in Syria to Russias only military base outside the old Soviet Union bring relief to Syrian regime Do Some Cultures Have Their Own Ways Of Going Mad?  
Arctic hysteria afflicts only Greenland Inuit. Dhat syndrome is peculiar to India. Cape Verdians fear sleeping blood. What about Westerners? Are their mental illnesses also bound to national and local cultures? The leader of Qatar has said that Arab troops should be sent to Syria to stop a deadly crackdown that has claimed the lives of thousands of people over the past 10 months. Couple rescued 24 hours after cruise ship capsizes off Italy Iran vows retaliation against Israel for scientist South Sudan Ethnic Massacres Follow Independence  Warming To Life In The Hot Zone  
Two researchers head to a village in northern Kazakhstan to see what life is like on a former nuclear test site. Their first thought, on arrival? The inhabitants simply must be relocated. Here's why they changed their mind At least nine people are injured as Romanian riot police fire tear gas during clashes with antiausterity demonstrators in the capital, Bucharest. S Korean cargo ship split by blast An unexplained explosion leaves vessel halfsubmerged, with a number of people reported to be dead and injured. Romania antiausterity protest turns violent BBC News  What future for Afghan woman jailed for being raped? El Salvador's bitter civilwar legacy  Streetgang culture responsible for one of Latin America's highest homicide rates, is blamed on conflict of the 1980s 

Hundreds of UK scientists to be relocated as Shell shifts most research & development work to Germany by 2014 Captain Arrested on Suspicion of Manslaughter & Abandoning Ship Amid Growing Anger After Ship Runs Aground  3 are dead & 41 unaccounted for.  We were having supper when the lights went out, we heard a boom & a groaning noise, & all the cutlery fell. They were told it was electrical problems.    India Orders Crack Down in the Andaman Islands After Exposure of 'Human Safaris' Embarrass Officials   Footage has surfaced of a police officer ordering partly naked Jarawa women to dance for tourists in return for food.  It's being called a national disgrace.

 Chinese Premier Wen calls for farmers' land rights to be protected and criticized a widespread landgrab development policy A British student can be extradited to the United States for running a website linking to sites carrying pirated TV shows and films, a court has ruled. Canadian Government Declares All Same Sex Marriages Legal and Valid Russia fears Israel is pushing U.S. toward Iran war Key reformer quits Egyptian Presidential race My conscience does not permit me to run for the presidency or any other official position unless it is within a democratic framework, China Forces shoot at Tibetans France to lose AAA credit rating Cruise ship runs aground off Italy; deaths reported S&P downgrades nine euro countries  Massive credit drop blamed on countries not having dealt with financial issues in a sufficient size and scope. Mossad 'posed as CIA to recruit fighters'  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Argentina starts 'squid war' against Falkland Islands   Telegraph India's government to prosecute Facebook, Yahoo! and Google, in case over obscene content posted online China's skyscraper craze 'may herald economic crash' Iran Paranoid or under siege? Mounting pressures and attacks ratcheting up pressures motivating tough talk from Tehran. Kosovo police clash with protesters at Serbia border In surprise amnesty, Myanmar releases highprofile  political prisoners  Myanmar freed hundreds of political prisoners Friday in an amnesty that could pressure the West to lift sanctions as one of the world's most reclusive states opens up.
 Unemployment rate 'astronomical', says Spanish PM French, Saudi warplanes collide in Saudi Tesco executive sold shares before profit warning India Threatens to Block Google and Facebook Like China BBC News  Tunisia uprising Country marks year since Ben Ali fled Russia would regard any military intervention linked to Iran's nuclear program as a threat to its own security, Moscow's departing ambassador to NATO warned on Friday. Controversial Chinese Chemical Plant Believed to Have Resumed Production  

Locals report smoke billowing up from the plant's chimney, which was shut down after 10,000 people took to the streets Beijing limits democracy tourists to Taiwan  Cocaine The New Front Lines  
Colombia's success in curbing the drug trade has created more opportunities for other countries. What happens when coca farmers and their allies are in charge? Gen. James Mattis, the Marine Corps head that rules over the US Central Command, won approval late last year from the White House to deploy the massive surge to the tiny West Asian country Kuwait, which is separated from Iran by only a narrow span of the Persian Gulf. Scotland Yard Report Finds British Citizen Was Tortured in Secret CIA Site A German Catholic priest, 46, admits 280 counts of sexual abuse involving three boys in the past decade, saying he did not think he was doing harm. India marks a year without recorded cases of polio, a milestone for a country with a huge population and widespread poverty. Brazil passes law stating sending emails after work hours is considered overtime.  S.African rangers kill poachers in Kruger park Fears of 'Taliban video' backlash  the 40 second video that appears to show a group of marines urinating on dead Taliban fighters. British engineer faces prison for 'insulting Islam' in the UAE Somali Pirates Attack Spanish Warship and Lose Are the assassinations of Iranian scientists an act of terrorism? Vladimir Putin Too busy for presidential debates, not too busy to shoot a whale with a crossbow. Russia would regard any military intervention linked to Iran's nuclear programme as a threat to its own security, Moscow's departing ambassador to NATO warned ...'Iran is our neighbour,' [said] Dmitry Rogozin...'And if Iran is involved in any military action, it's a direct threat to our security.' Afghan life expectancy has improved by 18 years since 2001 Illegal South African rhino killings hit record high  Final 2011 death toll of 448 represents one rhino lost every 20 hours, a slaughter driven by increased Asian demand for horn
 BBC News  'Piracy' student Richard O'Dwyer condemns treaty Worlds biggest freight shipper (Maersk) finds initial trials of algaeproduced diesel successful! Six months in labor camp for N. Koreans who didn't cry at despot's funeral Pakistans prime minister telephoned the top British diplomat in the country this week expressing fears that the Pakistani army might be about to stage a coup. Kim Jong Il's Eldest Son To Dish the Dirt on the Political Situation in North Korea in His Forthcoming Book. Totally Resistant TB Earliest Cases in Italy Mob burns elderly couple North Korean state media reported that Kim Jongil's body will be preserved to look the same as when he was alive and put on public display. Israeli agents pose as Americans to create terrorist factions in Pakistan and Iran.  Steve Bell cartoon on video of US marines urinating on dead Taliban fighters  Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, faces 22 years in prison for filming Turkish orphanages Iran accepts nuclear talks offer  Loggers in Brazil captured an eightyearold girl from one of the Amazon's last uncontacted tribes and burned her alive as part of a campaign to force the indigenous population from its land. 300 Chinese Foxconn Workers 'Threaten Mass Suicide' At XBox Plant, Reports Claim Tens of Thousands living in 6x2ft rabbit cages in Hong Kong... Landlords charging $200 a month per cage Mexicos drug war kills more than 47,000 in 5 years Britain to grant Scotland binding independence vote ... Britains government confirmed Tuesday it would happily offer Scotland the powers it needs to sever centuriesold ties to England The mafia is now Italys largest bank' Children 'dumped in streets by Greek parents who can't afford to look after them any more'.   4yearold found clutching note 'I can't afford her'.  Country also running out of medicine.  What is fast becoming the most tragic human consequence of the Euro crisis. Foxconn Claims it's Resolved its Worker Issues After Employees Threaten Suicide  The iPhones & Xboxes maker disputes the number of their employees who apparently hate their lives so much they threatened to kill themselves, saying it was 150  & not 300, as  reported by China North Korea Sending Citizens To Labor Camp For Insufficiently Mourning Kim Jong Il  Dutch ISPs Ordered To Block The Pirate Bay Kim Jong Il's body to go on permanent display in Pyongyang
 he Harper government has served notice that thousands of samesex couples who flocked to Canada from abroad since 2004 to get married are not legally wed. Russian ship stopped carrying arms bound for Syria EMI sues Irish state for not fulfilling its obligations under European law which would otherwise allow for the blocking, diverting or interrupting of internet communications which breach copyright law Heart attack Mexican medics drop heart for transplant in front of press Haiti 2 Years After the Quake [pics] Canadian military containers from Afghanistan arrive missing equipment and full of rocks and sand Brazil says no evidence loggers burned indigenous girl. Afghanistans President Karzai condemns video showing desecration of bodies This act by American soldiers is simply inhuman and condemnable in the strongest possible terms. Iran's currency in freefall  Iran's currency has slid 20 percent against the dollar in the last week despite central bank intervention Iran Says Scientists Murder Reveals Global Terror Campaign UK's Duchess of York charged in Turkey with illegally filming orphans for a 2008 TV documentary Opium price rises by 133% in Afghanistan  Holland bans khat leaves Chewing of khat can make you happy, but it can also lead to psychosis.
 Why Are England and Scotland Splitting?  
To understand the secession, look at the problems in the EU Due to pressure from ultraOrthodox groups, women will be banned from speaking at an Israeli conference  on gynecology. Iran blames the US and Israel for the assassination of a nuclear scientist.  Gay marriage a threat to humanity's future Pope
 Magnitude 7.3 earthquake reported off the coast of Sumatra. Cut the working week to a maximum of 20 hours, urge top economists Mafia is Italy's biggest business. The mafia is now the country's biggest business enterprise, with an annual turnover of 140bn (116bn),  Telegraph Civic authorities in India's Bihar state have dumped heaps of stinking garbage outside a shopping complex to penalise its owner for evading taxes. Car bomb kills nuke scientist in Iran Finger pointed at Mossad A Catholic Church child safety coordinator who was in charge of investigating sexual abuse allegations was jailed for 12 mnths for internet pedophilia offences...



 Britain's last Guantnamo Bay prisoner held without charge after 10 years Doomsday Clock Moved One Minute Closer to Midnight A university professor and nuclear scientist has been killed after a suspected bomb exploded in a car in northern Tehran, reports say.
  Uzbekistans brutal regime thrives with Western complicity. Deeply indebted and nearly bankrupt, this Mediterranean nation was forced to adopt tough austerity measures...But as Greece's economy slides into free fall, critics are scanning the devastated landscape here and asking a probing question Does austerity really work?  'No Doubt that Bloodshed in SyriaWill Continue'  Syrian President Bashar Assad insisted once again on Tuesday that the uprising in his country is the work of terrorists and foreigners. With the death count continuing to rise, many observers say he has completely lost touch with reality. German prosecutor shot by defendant in Bavarian court Hundreds of Foxconn employees threaten commit mass suicide to protest working conditions
 India's cabinet has agreed to allow singlebrand foreign retailers to open stores in the country, clearing the way for companies such as Starbucks and Ikea.
 Pakistan PM fires top defense official for gross misconduct as tensions with the military exploded following an army warning to the civilian leader Asia skyscraper building boom may be sign of impending economic collapse. Natalee Holloway suspect Joran van der Sloot pleads guilty to killing woman in Peru 
 Pakistan court 'may disqualify president, PM'  Iran's nuclear scientists are mysteriously being killed. Who's behind it?  French Journalist Killed in Syria Magnetic bombs kill university professor working at Iranian nuclear facility Australia Tells Japan Whalers to Stay Out of it Waters   Again Top German cop installed spyware on his daughter's computer to monitor her Internet usage, gets hacked in retaliation McDonald's restaurants are fighting back against thieves by blasting suspected robbers with an invisible DNA spray as they attempt to flee. The spray...remains on the suspect's skin for two weeks and on clothes for up to six months  North Korea announces prisoner amnesty Swiss want six holiday weeks, Swiss voters are likely to give themselves two weeks of extra holidays when they go to the polls for a referendum this March, a new survey shows.


 A group of holy men in India's Karnataka state are seeking to outlaw a centuryold ritual in which lowcaste Hindus roll in the remains of food eaten by members of a higher caste. Mexico's AntiAbortion Backlash  
In just 2 years, half the countrys states have passed extreme fetalrights amendments.  The Catholic Church headed a personhood sweep was so fast & successful that no one had ever seen anything like it.  Women with suspicious miscarriages face prison. Thomas Friedman draws jeers as he talks Islamism, democracy at the American University in Cairo.  Applause for student who said You cant come here with a smile and preach to us on democracy when youve been demeaning Arabs and supporting war crimes in Gaza and Iraq..we dont welcome you here Plant found in Brazil capturing worms underground The Greek parents 'too poor' to care for their children Iran jamming Al Jazeera broadcasts The Greeks Are Confused By A New Law That Would Classify Pedophiles And Pyromaniacs As 'Disabled' India reports completely drugresistant TB strain. Greeks Go Back To The Land  


University graduates become snail farmers. A nuclear physicist trains to become a ship engineer. Not such unusual stories when urban employment is so high. Many are returning to rural areas, others are going to sea More Monks Die by Fire in Protest of Beijing The deaths suggest that selfimmolation is gaining favor as a form of political protest for Tibetan clergy. And they underscore the challenges the Chinese authorities face in controlling more than five million ethnic Tibetans  American has 20 days to appeal Iranian death sentence 29 Chinese Fishermen Suing ConocoPhillips & China National Offshore Oil Corp   for $34 million over economic losses following oil leaks in Bohai Bay Over 40% of Indian children are malnourished, report finds After years of preparation, a project that would reshape the geography of Canadas energy landscape is entering public hearings.  Bulgaria's Organized Crime Unit Raids Large Torrent Sites, Arrests 17YrOld Admin  Bahrain unrest policeman is jailed for having joined protests Fukushima nuclear plant worker in coma after collapsing at site Chinese writers sue Apple for copyright violation Nationwide 'Occupy' strike paralyzes Nigeria  Doomsday Clock Moved 1 Minute Closer to Midnight b'Dubai in Deep DooDoo' b'You are killing people. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has stormed off the stage at the World Economic Forum in Davos after an argument with Israel's president. ' b'World gets its first gay head of state' b'Zimbabwe abandons its currency' b'The operating permission for the firm Blackwater will not be renewed. Its chance is zero, said Alaa alTaie, head of the press department at Iraq's Interior Ministry.' b'Soleful tribute Bush shoethrowing now a work of art' b'The Ministry of Defence turned large parts of the country into a giant laboratory to conduct a series of secret germ warfare tests on the public' b'NATO top commander issues instruction to kill drug suspects without evidence of link to insurgency. Generals refuse.' b'CBS runs an (shock!) impartial documentary on Israel' b'Israeli GovernmentOrganized Bloggers Fight Propaganda War' b'U.S. professors call for academic, cultural boycott of Israel for first time ' b' Turkish PM storms off in Gaza row ' b'Israel feels left out by financial crisis, tries to warn us about Iran. How pathetic.' b'Ahmadinejad Obama Must Allow Investigation of 9/11....' b'Switzerland is prepared to consider accepting prisoners released from Guantnamo' b'Israel Still Blocking Humanitarian Aid into Gaza The Genocide Continues' b'Russia And China Slam U.S. Economic System, Blaming It For Financial Crisis'  Iceland appoints world's first openly lesbian PM b'Criminalising dissent France loses distinction between terrorism and sabotage.' b'Erdogan, The last ethical politicain, stormed out of a heated debate in Davos over Gaza;  ' b'Britain faces worst year since 1930s, warns IMF' b'Britain has unveiled plans to provide universal broadband access.' b'Peace Recedes as Israeli Settlements Expand' b'Latest entry from our redditor in Somalia' b'Israel kidnaps more civilians in West Bank  ' b'This is a picture of Gaza students back to school after the bombings. The cards mention the names [and ages] of the students who are not there anymore.' b'Russia to present evidence to the United Nations that the North Pole belongs to the Russians.  If these rights are not recognized, Russia will withdraw from the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea.' b'Shoe monument that Iraqi orphans helped to build removed 1 day after it was erected.' Turkey's PM arrived home to a tumultuous reception of cheering crowds early today after storming out of a debate in Davos over Israel's recent offensive in Gaza b'Horrific New Evidence of China Organ Harvesting Revealed' b'Spain opens investigation into whether crimes against humanity were committed in Gaza' b'The Israeli defence ministry has concealed information about the extent of illegal settlementbuilding in the West Bank' Hero's welcome for Turkish leader after Davos walkout b'Blackwater banned from Iraq  Founded in 1996 by Erik Prince, who had ties within the Republican Party, Blackwater Worldwide soon became the largest private army in the world with 21,000 men and a budget over $1 billion under the Bush administration.' b'300,000 protest in Paris [with pics]' b'Papua New Guinea  Where Violence Against Women is Rampant' b'Naked ramblers face Swiss fines' b'Iceland to be fasttracked into the EU to avert financial collapse' b'Swiss police find massive marijuana farm on Google Earth' b'You are Killing People, Erdogan tells Peres, Walks Off Stage' b'In Gaza They are definitely testing weapons on us We found computer chips, magnetic pieces and transistors in wounds. Sometimes there are only minute pinpoint punctures to the abdomen and chest.' b'Please Stop, we really need to get people to dinner   the whole 1h ErdoganPeres discussion that led the first to abandon Davos permanently ' b'44 Killed in a day in Srilankan army artillery' b'Giant shoe sculpture unveiled in Iraq' b'SOLEFUL TRIBUTE TO BUSH SHOETHROWER' b'Official U.S. will not renew Iraq contract with Blackwater' b'Norway to raise sunk German submarine carrying plans for new jet fighter and industrial grade mercury. ' b'First evidence of damage to Gazas cultural sites emerges.' b'This video will be shown some day at the Holocaust Memorial. It is the voice of an Israeli woman pleading with Obama to force Israel to end the occupation. ' Rove announces he has no intention of obeying Conyers' subpoena  Cruise Captain Says He 'Tripped' Into Lifeboat, Couldn't Get Out Long dismissed as a playboy, Kim Jong Il's eldest son has become an outspoken and dangerous critic of the regime Julian Assange  
Under house arrest in England, the WikiLeaks founder opens up about his battle with the 'Times,' his stint in solitary & the future of journalism Canadian MPs are screwing taxpayers by getting their pension contributions matched 23 TIMES Mali army repels Tuareg rebel attacks  After serving with proGaddafi forces in Libya, tribal fighters engage Malian troops in effort to seize northern towns.  Russia will offer Washington no explanation for arms deliveries to Syria and together with China will prevent the U.N. Security Council from approving any military intervention in the conflict Mexican Murder Training Camps Are Very Real & Very Scary  
They'd give them a machete. If not, they'd give them a sledge hammer & they'd tell them to kill the people they'd tied up, said a Zetas hitman in a Texas court yesterdaya glimpse of how terrifying Mexican drug cartels really are. Russia vows to block Western military intervention in Syria as clashes continue  Britain admits 'fake rock' plot to spy on Russians The 10 FastestGrowing (& Declining) Cities in the World  A new survey from the Brookings Institution ranks the world's 200 largest metropolitan economies  which account for half of global GDP  from 1200 Afghanistan blasts kill 13 in Helmand province Mein Kampf To Be Published in Germany? British publisher insists he wants to demystify Hitlers book, while critics see profit motive. Norway spy chief Kristiansen quits after revealing they have agents in Pakistan Gaza rights groups accuse Hamas of abuses  Al Jazeera English BBC News  Argentina outraged at Cameron's 'colonialism' remarks Iranian actress causes scandal with nude photos   
Parisbased actress Golshifteh Farahani banned from returning to Iran after posing nude for French magazine The Bangladesh army says it has foiled a coup planned against the government Keystone XL pipeline proposal rejected  Prime Minister Harper profoundly disappointed.  TransCanada will apply again, CEO says. France Easily Sells Bonds as Sarkozy Attacks S&P  It was almost like Standard & Poors stripping France of its AAA credit rating never happened.   Paris was able to sell almost 8 billion euros worth & offered a lower rate of interest to investors than before. Egypts military rulers and the Interior Ministry have devised plans to confront protesters during 25 January anniversary celebrations  includes batons, loud speakers, colored chemicals that will stain ones skin (for six months) and live ammunition aimed at feet if necessary. Russia warns against Iran strike Mexican army frees kidnapped children from kidnapping gang China begins to turn against Iran Nuke support in UK hits record high Sorry Day for Murdoch as High Court Hears Hacking Apology  News International hopes to settle claims  but lawyer says more victims emerge every day The Mexican navy says it has seized 195 tonnes of chemicals which can be used to make the drug methamphetamine BBC News  Israel launches air strike on northern Gaza Strip 51 people, mostly women and children, killed in South Sudan Ethiopia Tens of thousands forced off land for foreign investors, HRW says   Under Ethiopia's villagization program, about 70,000 people have been forcibly relocated from agricultural areas slated for development by foreign investors, a Human Rights Watch report says.
 The World Bank says the global economy is on the edge of a new financial crisis, deeper and more damaging than the one that followed the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008.

 ShangriLa joins fight against shark fin soup Should captain go down with his ship? | Captain 
Francesco Schettino is under fire for abandoning 
ship while passengers remained aboard Chevrons burning rig begins to collapse (Nigeria) EU launches legal action against Hungarian reforms  The European Union has launched legal proceedings against Hungary over controversial reforms to the judiciary, banking sector and data protection authority which it says contravene EU law. Greek rescue blocked by hedge fund greed. Financiers who bought 'distressed' Greek debt insist on making vast profits from the crisis
 German EuroDeputy S&P Downgrade Part Of American 'War Against The Euro' BBC News  Concrete balls to deter Indonesia 'train surfers' Currency crisis in Iran as sanctions start to bite In Haiti, former dictator Baby Doc Duvalier is thriving ... facing charges of crimes against humanity Baby Doc Duvalier is living a nice life here after his sudden return from exile  Ceasefire 'agreed' in Syrian mountain town Opposition says army to withdraw from Zabadani after deal agreed by town leaders and deputy defence minister. Israeli Hackers Kill Saudi and UAE Stock Markets Israeli Hackers Bring Down Saudi Stock Exchange Website Syrian troops fighting rebels in the town of Zabadani near Lebanon agreed on Tuesday to a ceasefire as the U.N. Security Council diplomats held prolonged talks on a proposed Russian resolution on Syria. China says government to be more open, but strict Internet controls to remain ... Officials will expand the use of government spokespeople, boost the overseas reach of state media, and promote the use of microblogs to interact with the public Ethiopian gunmen kill five foreign tourists Pakistan rejects U.S. envoy visit, reviewing cooperation with US/NATO with no firm timeline Activists and Japanese whalers clash at sea  Three activists says they have cuts and bruises after clashing with a Japanese whaling ship in the Southern Ocean. Syria 20 miles from Damascus, an oasis of fragile freedom UK Times (News Ltd) editor opposes any regulation of media as it would chill/hinder free speech. Fails to mention that lack of regulation or oversight led to his appearance at Leveson Enquiry. Slow response to East Africa famine 'cost 'lives' Glenn Greenwald and Jeremy Scahill The NSA's Secret Role in the U.S. Assassination Program. At least 273 civilians in Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia have been killed Images of the Flying Spaghetti Monster banned from a London university for being religiously offensive Swiss vote Yes on Limits to Immigration 50.3% yes/49.7% no Google promised change to avoid $5bn fine by the European Commission. Google has been unethically favoring its products in internet searches. France's tough stance on female genital mutilation is working, say campaigners  Parents & 'cutters' have been jailed in France but concerns remain that parents go abroad  including to UK  for FGM UK borrowed US drones to carry out unreported strikes in Afghanistan  The UK has used American drones over 250 times to carry out previously unreported attacks in Afghanistan, the MoD has admitted Girl meets homeless Jamaican man in London, promises to get him home. Crowdfunds 3k in 24 hours. Catholics and church at odds on contraception, divorce and abortion Survey in 12 countries finds 78% of Catholics support contraception and 65% think abortion should be allowed NASA is now accepting applications from companies that want to mine the moon Joint investigation, Australian Broadcasting Commission's 4 Corners and 'The Australian' Israeli army targeting Palestinian boys with violent interrogations, thought to be intelligence gathering. Unicef released report on illtreatment of Palestinian minors in 2013 Antigovernment protests continue in Ukraine About 70,000 gather in central Kiev demanding president's resignation and formation of proWestern government. A confidential email shows a top Chinese regulator directly asked JP Morgan's chief executive, for afavor to hire a job applicant  Federal authorities are now investigating whether the hiring at JPMorgan was done explicitly to win business from Chinese companies Glenn Greenwald Launches New Site 'The Intercept' With Story On The NSA's Role In Targeted Killings [xpost from r/ecursiveRevolt] Fakefood scandal revealed as tests show third of products mislabelled | Consumers are being sold drinks with banned flameretardant additives, pork in beef, and fake cheese, laboratory tests show Smoking ban in cars carrying children expected to be passed Suspicious Death of JPMorgan Vice President, Gabriel Magee, Under Investigation in London Edward Snowden revelations GCHQ using online viruses and honey traps to discredit targets French journalist hacks govt by inputting correct URL, later fined $4,000+ 'N. Korea ready for 4th nuclear test' Two SA cops filmed dying man while laughing about uploading it to Facebook. China spending more than Europe on science and technology as GDP percentage, new figures reveal Mexico vigilantes parade through Knights Templar stronghold  Hundreds of vigilantes, backed up by armoured vehicles and troops, had set up roadblocks around the western city before entering it on Saturday. CNN Latino Shuts down shortly after its uncovered that bankers, Fugitives from Ecuador, were financing it  FBI investigates, Lawmaker receives donations (links on description) Four million Pakistanis working in slavelike conditions N. Korea attack on U.S. could push Japan into collective defense Abe  Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday that Japan views an attack by North Korea on the United States as a case in which it could exercise the right to collective selfdefense Suicide bomb instructor accidentally gives live demonstration to pupils  22 dead Feb. 11 Is 'The Day We Fight Back' Against NSA Surveillance | More than 5,300 webbased companies and other organizations, including Reddit, Imgur, Tumblr, Mozilla the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the ACLU, have joined forces to protest National Security Agency surveillance on Feb. 11. Donald Trump loses legal challenge to windfarm near his Scottish golf resort. Canada's new citizenship bill gives the government power to revoke citizenship from natural born citizens. Why Mexico's 'drug war' is not about drugs. Many of the civilians taking on the gangs say they care little about illicit narcotics. We aren't against drug traffickers. We are against organized crime. An Australian organic farmer lost his certification due to GM seeds being spread from his neighbour's farm. He is now suing his neighbour in what might be a world first (xpost) Fisherman nets centuriesold statue of Greek god Apollo in Gaza Strip New fossil site found in Canada could be worlds most important. UK to ban smoking in cars carrying children by 2015 Kaspersky Lab Uncovers The Mask One of the Most Advanced Global Cyberespionage Operations to Date NASAs Mars orbiter sees signs of seasonal water flow on Mars surface An Afghan girl has been diagnosed with polio in Kabul  the capital's first case since the Taliban's fall in 2001. Polio remains endemic in Afghanistan, Pakistan and northern Nigeria. Islamic extremists have obstructed health workers, preventing polio eradication campaigns from taking place. Bin Laden death images subject to purge, emails reveal Revealed Big Pharma's hidden links to NHS policy Australian mother hides her children under a blanket in neighbours dam as one of over 100 bushfires in Victoria rages above their heads. They survived after being in the water for over an hour. Company in France becomes first in country to ban wearing of Muslim headscarves at work Lost for centuries, a rare bronze statue of the Greek god Apollo has mysteriously resurfaced in the Gaza Strip, only to be seized by police and vanish almost immediately from view. Major NSA intelligence facility established in Jerusalem Tiger evades hunters, kills 10th person in India Australian TV Host slams his own network for paying $2million to a convicted drug smuggler for an interview after spending 9 years in Indonesian prison. Algeria plane crash 'kills 103' Indian couple kills Iranian student for refusing threesome A senior official connected with the seasonal dolphin hunt in Taiji, Wakayama, Japan, is defending the tradition as painless to the small cetaceans and is inviting U.S. Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy to see for herself. Intellectual property rights US set to punish India Nigeria Uses Sharia Law And The Whip To Sanitize Gays Australian Politician Clive Palmer's nickel refinery pumped toxic waste into Great Barrier Reef park  Company discharged toxic wastewater into world heritage area despite being forbidden from doing so U.S. Plummets in Global Press Freedom Rankings Former Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama said Wednesday that Japan committed indescribable wrongdoings by forcing women from South Korea and elsewhere to serve as wartime sex slaves. Raise prices of leukaemia and ovarian cancer meds by 4,000 % or we wont supply Drug manufacturer Aspen Pharmacare threatens to cut off crucial treatment to Spain. Judge Who Sentenced Protesters Shot Dead in Ukraine A Ukrainian judge who recently sentenced several political protesters to house arrest has been shot dead by unknown attackers, police said Wednesday. EU loses faith in U.S. ability to manage Internet They beat me with a metal rod. They dripped molten plastic on my back. They beat the soles of my feet and then they forced me to stand for long periods of time, sometimes for days.  Hundreds of Eritreans enslaved in torture camps in Sudan and Egypt Japanese readers angry after South Korea Maxim runs story about how to date a Japanese girl who hasn't been exposed to radiation. Edward Snowden asylum demand dropped by European parliament MEPs reach no consensus on amendment to inquiry calling on governments to assure NSA whistleblower of his safety University tears down Flying Spaghetti Monster posters for offending Christians Bing censoring Chinese language search results for users in the US in the same way it filters results in mainland China  English and Chinese language queries for terms such as Dalai Lama return radically different results on Microsoft search engine Russia hoarded 400,000 tons of snow for over a year so it could save the Olympics this week Iran womens football team turned out to include four men Bosnia wants a new government of the expert, the young and, above all, the uncorrupt China hit by 6.8 magnitude earthquake, damages and casualties unclear Polish Woman Guilty Of Killing Two Million Bees With AntiMosquito Spray UK slips down press freedom index due to harassment of the Guardian | US also registers fall in latest world press freedom indexreach no consensus on amendment to inquiry calling on governments to assure NSA whistleblower of his safety An Afghan town gets its first female highschool graduates 400 arrested in global trafficking crackdown. Officers collected a treasure trove of black market goods 36 rhino horns, 3+ metric tons of elephant ivory, 10,000+ turtles, 1,000+ protectedspecies skins, 10,000+ European eels, and over 100+ tons rosewood logs. EU 'secretly spent 320 million on surveillance drone development'  MPs furious as report reveals out of control EU is developing surveillance drones without any kind of democratic accountability Belgium set to extend righttodie law to children amid intense opposition Pakistani family fear for 'disappeared' antidrone activist, just days before he was due to testify before European parliamentarians Bolivias Morales The US abolished Costa Ricas army  I really feel there is a rebellion in Latin America to be democratically freed from the empire. Without U.S. imperialism, there will no longer be coups and we will no longer have our natural resources plundered. Fiji Invites People of Kiribati to take Refuge There When Their Country is lost to Rising Sea Levels You will be able to migrate with dignity. The spirit of the people of Kiribati will not be extinguished Gay Austrian athlete says fuss over Russia law is exaggerated