 Iceland Doing it Right  Special prosecutor into the banking crisis confirms raids and arrests have been made today.Central Bank of Iceland is among the institutions under investigation.One of the arrested parties is former National Bank of Iceland treasury boss. Norway announces it will be among the first to recognize Palestinian State IF negotiations with Israel fail to make headway by september.  Footage of Israel demolishing Palestinian lands and building settlements, filmed by a racist Israeli settler His home firebombed, his dog burned, and invaded by masked men, this man defended himself by firing his gun to scare his attackers.  Police charge the homeowner.  The message?  Cops have a monopoly on force. A smoking gun letter reveals Vatican directly ordered pedophiles be protected Blackwater founder secretly backing Somali militia 
Erik Prince supports private security in Africa to override rampant piracy and Islamic radicalism  G20 Officer tells protester he has no civil rights This ain't Canada right now. South Korea's special forces rescue sailors, kill Somali pirates South Africa's CCB poisoned the water supply at a Namibian refugee camp, bombed a South African kindergarten, and even attempted to bewitch Bishop Desmond Tutu with a baboon fetus. Now one of its officers is teaming up with Blackwater's founder... The push to legalize pot in Mexico. (Video) Killings of rhinos nearly triple in South Africa Tony Blair heckled as he expresses regret for this loss of life in the Iraq war  Relatives of those killed in the conflict shouted out Its too late, as an emotional Mr Blair told of his sorrow at the bloodshed, while two female witnesses walked out and another turned her face away.  Landslides in Brazil [pics] Jordanians have staged growing protests in the past week as they try and copy the Tunisian uprising to get their government to step down. Hu says China not a military threat to any nation Third of Zimbabwe's registered voters are dead Obama must call Israeli settlements illegal Russian Orthodox Church calls for dress code, says miniskirts cause 'madness' Women, said Archpriest, can't be trusted to clothe themselves properly. It is wrong to think that women should decide themselves what they can wear in public places or at work...  One of the largest hauls of illegal chimpanzee and gorilla parts is seized by officials in Gabon. UK ID Cards Are No More!
 Iceland's Central Bank governor to US Federal Reserve governor Hey man you got a BILLION dollars i can borrow man...c'mon man its only a BILLION dollars ?   revealed by Wikileaks 
that Iceland's Ministry of Foreign Affairs were not even consulted about the multiple requests.   Palestinian mob throws eggs and shoes at the vehicle French Foreign Minister's car. They were angered by a demand made by AlliotMarie that Hamas leadership let Red Cross representatives visit kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, who holds dual Israeli and French citizenship. RuLeaks posts photos of alleged 'Putin Palace' My attack is on the Prime Minister of Australia, he said yesterday. I hate the parliament in Canberra. I want to go straight for the jugular vein and advise the parliament that they have no right to legislate. They should immediately step down and let the Muslims take over. Burma's prodemocracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has obtained internet access, two months after she was freed from years of house arrest.  The WikiLeaks disclosures are significant precisely because they expose govt deceit, wrongdoing and brutality, but the damage to innocent people has been deliberately and wildly exaggerated  fabricated  by the very people whose misconduct has been revealed. After failed peace talks, US aid to Israel questioned Despite giving Israel $3 billion in military aid a year, US lacks leverage What Does Wikileaks Have on Bank of America? BofA now moving into high gear on damage control, creating a war room to fight off an upcoming release of WikiLeak documents Brisbane Floods before and after, super slick interface British Prime Minister demands release of Blairs secret letters to Bush on Iraq War SURPRISE! Dictator responsible for killing thousands has charges filed against him because he was dumb enough to return home to Haiti expecting a hero's welcome Under Paris   
Strap on a helmet, explore the tunnels beneath Paris. Where you may encounter bones, rats, geologists, mushrooms, bachelor parties, pockets of explosive gas, and a pond in the foundations of the Opera used for training firemen Private letters between Tony Blair and President George Bush ahead of the war in Iraq were kept so secret that they had to be destroyed. WikiLeaks Ireland ignored public opposition to suspected US rendition flights through its territory, and looked for ways to cooperate with alleged US abuses while avoiding liability and political fallout Canada Harper Government Orders National Archives to Show Movie Critical of Iran After It Was Cancelled Because of Threats
 Ask A Tunisian   
Superhelpful interview with Anis Allagui, Tunisian expat living in North America, who gives a simple, clear, apparently wellinformed explanation of recent events in his home country. Key point so far, the army are the good guys For years prohibitionists, including the DEA, have claimed that the tolerant marijuana policies of the Netherlands have made that nation a nest of crime and drug abuse. But now the country is to close 8 prisons for lack of criminals. Berlusconi in deep trouble as call girl wiretaps rock Italy Two million young Italians not studying nor working British woman held in Dubai over love triangle case on possible charges of sex outside marriage  a criminal offence in the UAE 25 Tons of Bombs Wipe Afghan Town Off Map | Danger Room | Wired.com South Korean government buries one million pigs 
alive Finland to ban 'aggressive begging'   an attempt to curb the presence of Roma beggars on city streets. Spain treating Google like a magazine publisher, may force them to censor search results Israeli Investigation Finds IDF Soldiers Did Nothing Wrong During Gaza Peace Boat Massacre  First part of Turkel report on lethal flotilla raid in May 2010 expected to rule that troops acted properly during takeover of Turkish ship; experts say world unlikely to endorse findings. China's economy grows 10.3 per cent  Business  Al Jazeera English Violent Seismic Activity Tearing Africa in Two   in recent months, seismic activity has accelerated in northeastern Africa as the continent breaks apart in slow motion.  Downing Street ordered a 'Cover up' over Straw's bid to talk Blair out of Iraq invasion, explosive new evidence reveals While You Were Reading About Ukrainian Nurses 
Real news was buried in WikiLeaks  like this revealing cable on Iran's nuclear ambitions Tunisia ministers quit ruling party, political prisoners freed  China bans zoos from having circuses. No more monkey fights, no more pulling out baby tigers' teeth, and no more feeding live animals to predators. Israel inquiry finds Gaza aid flotilla raid 'was legal' Undercover police cleared 'to have sex with activists'  another example of unethical policing Secret papers reveal slow death of Middle East peace process Silvio Berlusconi continued to make payments of thousands of euros to an alleged call girl even after the announcement that he was at the centre of a prostitution investigation, new evidence from the scandal shows. Sex, Death and the Gods explores the complex world of India's Devadasi, girls devoted to a goddess and then sold for sex at puberty Guardian UK If Chilcot is our finest inquisitor, thank heavens for WikiLeaks Tony Blair's evasions at the Chilcot inquiry continue to be an insult to the British public Al Jazeera has released nearly 2,000 internal documents  minutes, emails, memos and more  from a decade of negotiations between the Israeli government and the Palestinian Authority. Search the database for key words, or browse the papers by dates, locations and participants Secret papers Palestinians weak and increasingly desperate Chinese stealth fighter jet may use US technology Egypt's frustrated young wait for their lives to begin, and dream of revolution Palestinian journalist held in prison for 50 days without trial for insulting PM Abbas... on his Facebook page Policemen, who barely a week ago were crushing demonstrations, were standing arm in arm with protestors  Just an extraordinary revolution New documents obtained by the American Civil Liberties Union show unjustified homicide of detainees. Drawing inspiration from the revolt in Tunisia, thousands demand ouster of Yemen's president Leaked documents show PA and PLO leaders pleading with dismissive US officials in face of Israel's unyielding negotiators. Victim tells of ordeal in Tunisia's jails Savagely beaten after being pushed from an upstairs window by police, a newly released Adem Boukadida talks of a corrupt regime's daily brutality Swedish minister of migration gives the exact same answer 15 times in a row to avoid a question.   Dutch frigate opens fire on pirate ship | Radio Netherlands Worldwide Egypt blames Palestinian Qaedalinked group for bomb
| Reuters The Death of the Peace Process? 430,000 Japanese Hepatitis B sufferers settle with state for $39bn over needle reuse China's New Stealth Fighter May Use US Technology Balkan military officials and other experts have told The Associated Press that in all probability the Chinese gleaned some of their technological knowhow from an American F117 Nighthawk that was shot down over Serbia in 1999. Israeli politics Can the doves take off again?  A split in Israels Labour party may give the peaceminded left a new lease of life What the Palestine papers tell us  Guardian associate editor Seumas Milne and Middle East editor, Ian Black, discuss the leak of secret notes from years of negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians. In Norway, Startups Say Ja to Socialism  Small country. Big taxes. And no cheating tax returns are a matter of public record. Yet Norway has one of the highest rates of startup activity in the developed world. Socialism works so well here that even entrepreneurs like it Tunisia suddenly has Press Freedom  all restrictions have vanished. Newspapers report freely, journalists work through the night The end of The World Dubai island development sinks back into sea after being scuppered by financial crisis Russia's Own WikiLeaks Takes Off |  The Moscow Times Algerian democracy rally broken up Three shot dead in antigovernment clashes with police in Albania New Zealand  The Green party shocked by Wikileaks report at the scale of Australia's spy agencies' compliance with its US counterparts and spying on China, North Korea & Iran     Norway Still awesome ) Tunnel to link German and Danish islands Fehmarn and Lolland in ten years, traversing a 17.6 km portion of sea and giving Germany its most direct road and rail link to Scandinavia yet. Nearly a third of Zimbabwe's 5.5m registered voters are dead. Others appear to be up to 120 years old. UN SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon slams Israel's refusal to halt West Bank settlements, saying refusals seriously hampers peace talks.
Settlements in the occupied Palestinian territory are illegal under international law he told a UN committee dealing with Palestinian issues on Friday. Jewish leaders in San Francisco not happy about upcoming proposal in city ballots this year to bring into law, the end of Circumcision. Anyone caught  performing a Circumcision will be charged with a misdemeanor , $1000 fine or up to a year in jail or both. Protest is vital to a thriving democracy The UK's Most Unpopular Man Tony Blair no longer draws a crowd 4 out 5 Egyptian women claim to have been sexually harassed  In Egypt, a film sparks debate about sexual harassment Irish PM Brian Cowen steps down as Fianna Fail leader The Caligulan court of Silvio Berlusconi laid bare  Telegraph I Was a Rare Earths Day Trader  Inside the Rare Earths Bubble  How a naval confrontation in the South China Sea created a global investment bubble  and cost me half my life savings. Japanese rocket lifts off carrying supplies for International Space Station Egypt Proactively Preparing For TunisianStyle 
Rioting Airport Intercepts 59 Outbound Gold 
Shipments Worth Tens Of Millions...central bank of 
Tunisia had parted with 23% of its gold stash 
courtesy of now deposed president who fled the 
country with a 1.5 ton shipment of gold, Hundreds of political prisoners in Tunisia yet to be released, many of whom were jailed after unfair trials and use of torture
 Egyptian steals wife's kidney to sell on black market 4 Dead in Albanian Protests, Government Refuses Early Elections, Read the Comments too, I'd like to know more about this It's time to expand the UN Security Council. But who gets a seat? Nigeria, South Africa are potential African members. Japan, India would serve as democratic counters to China. Brazil,Mexico are potential LatAm reps. Italy, Germany argue they deserve seats. The decision will be challenging Auditor General of Pakistan slaps Pakistan army with whopping $1.3 billion 'bill' for using Lahore stadium illegally for commercial purposes for decades. Tunisialike riots now breaking out in Egypt Live Updates of the Protests in Egypt  it is growing.  First protester killed in Egypt We want a revolution. We don't want Hosni Mubarak. ~Egyptian Police Captain Peru officially recognizes Palestinian state Norwegian Wouldn't | Norway Say NO! to Walmart and Other Unethical Companies Tens of thousands of people are protesting against the Egyptian government, chanting the same slogans as the Tunisian's The people want to overthrow the govt! Twitter and other social media blocked.  Shit is getting real. Twitter blocked in Egypt amid unrest. The revolution will not be televised, not twittered, 3 dead, 100 injured, 10 kidnapped by the brutal Egyptian police  German firms vow to stop selling execution drug to US UK Economy expected to grow in fourth quarter of 
2010  actually shrank! Egypt's 'day of revolt' inspired by unrest in Tunisia Leaked 'Palestine Papers' Show Bad Faith Negotiating By Israel and U.S.  What's striking about these documents is the degree to which the U.S. pressures the Palestinians, and how much American diplomats are in cahoots with Israel.  Egypt warns protesters of arrest Egyptian activists have called for a mass rally on Tuesday dubbed as the Day of Wrath.  AlJazeera angers Palestinians Egypt Protests Thousands Fill Streets To Protest Mubarak On 'Jan 25' (with epic banner picture) Egyptian take to streets in unprecedented protests  EU 'deplores' Israeli sentencing of Palestinian nonviolent activist Indian US spy for China Noshir Gowadia jailed for 32 years. Condoleezza Rice send Palestinian refugees to South America Human Rights Watch releases its 2011 World Report online, accuses world governments of taking a mild stance on repression and abuses Egypt Protests inspired by Tunisia and fanned by social media break out all over Experts cry Copy Cat at China's new Stealth Fighter , claim it was made by reverse engineering an American Knighthawk stealth fighter that was downed in 1999 during the Kosovo war  Report Iran hangs 2 men who made videos of postelection turmoil  CNN.com Didn't think they'd have the balls for this..Former Tory peer Lord Taylor is found guilty of making 11,277 in false parliamentary expenses claims.  Daily Kos Tunisians Thank Anonymous as North Africa Explodes Blast rocks Moscow's main airport For most of the last two years, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that it is Israel alone that is willing to make the hard concessions for the sake of peace. These documents show it is the Palestinian Authority that were willing to make considerable concessions. UK Police are accused of inciting illegal protest by posting messages to activist websites to incite and expand the very protests they are expected to manage. Two Iranian opposition activists are hanged for distributing footage and photos of protests For the TL;DRminded, a brief analysis of what the Palestinian leaks reveal Israel rejected Palestinian offer of almost all Jerusalem leaked docs This speech has been weighing on my mind greatly since I saw it. More people need to know who John Pilger is and the work he does. [VIDEO] The world is watching Chinas economic surge with understandable awe  while politely and passively ignoring the countrys ecological disintegration. A $21.7B development/health fund supported by the Gates Foundation, Bono and others has seen twothirds of some grants eaten up by corruption. Papers reveal how Palestinian leaders gave up fight over refugees

 Negotiators agreed just 10,000 to return
 PLO agreed Israel could be a 'Jewish state'
 US suggested Palestinians live in Latin America
 'Norwegian of the year' to be deported from Norway Tony Benn 'Protest is vital to a thriving democracy'  World Politics  Independent.co.uk Amnesty International Inhumane Treatment of WikiLeaks Soldier Bradley Manning Bellicose Telegraph climate sceptic has complained to the BBC of being 'intellectually raped' on Horizon during an interview with Nobel prizewinner Tunisian rioters destroy a Ferrari belonging to the President's family (pics) Professor Rashid Khalidi Leaked Palestine Papers Underscore Weakness of Palestinian Authority, Rejectionism of Israel and U.S. Egypt An unlikely alliance of youth activists, political Islamists, industrial workers and hardcore football fans have pledged to join a nationwide day of revolution on Tuesday Egyptian opposition warns of an explosion of the masses  National day of protest set for Tuesday BBC News  BBC to cut online budget by 25% China to create largest mega city in the world with 42 million people  German foundation refuses to return Nefertiti bust Over the past 10 years Indian security forces have killed almost 1,000 people, mostly Bangladeshis, turning the border area into a south Asian killing field South Korea These talks will be different. Ivory Coast's election stalemate [pics] Tomorrow (Jan. 25th) is the day we find out if Egypt is serious like Tunisia.  Egyptian police violently beat British journalist, smooth move Egypt, now we know what is happening to those 100s of people arrested. And so it continues...Antigovernment rallies hit Yemen In one fell swoop, the candor of the cables released by WikiLeaks did more for Arab democracy than decades of backstage U.S. diplomacy. Anonymous warns Egyptian Regime that they will make sure the international media sees the horrid reality you impose upon your people Swedish ISP will anonymize all its users' traffic.  Thousands of Yemenis are demonstrating in the capital Sanaa, calling on Ali Abdullah Saleh, president for more than 30 years, to step down. An amazing compilation video of the Egyptian riots going on currently.  The fact that we are supporting the Mubarak regime may not be immediately obvious to most Americans, but it is the central fact about America to every Egyptian alive.

 Some army units in Suez are refusing to support the crackdown against the people. Which means the government may be about to lose control over the Suez Canal.  Tunisia, Egypt...now Yemen is protesting with thousands calling on their president to leave after 30 years in power Shell faces hearing over Nigeria. 
Oil giant accused of abusing human rights and destroying the environment at Dutch parliamentary hearing. Anonymous Asks For DDoS Attack On Key Egyptian Sites Canadian Govt Spends $40 Million To Monitor Media  The Harper government spends more money keeping track of what the media is saying than it does soliciting the opinions of ordinary Canadians, a Citizen analysis of contracting records shows. From Tunisia to Egypt and now Yemen; thousands are calling for a change in government In an interview with spokesman PJ Crowley, an Al Jazeera reporter tries to tease out the US State Department's differing reactions to rebellion in Tunisia and Egypt.  If you're looking to understand US Foreign Policy in the ME, this is the video to watch. Complete Internet blackout in Egypt Clooney's satellite project shows troops near Sudan's border Protests in Egypt  live updates Germany says it is suspending payments to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria until it gets answers about corruption allegations raised in articles by The Associated Press. Yemenis take to the streets calling for President Saleh to step down  
As unemployment rises and oil and water reserves dwindle, thousands demand an end to president's 32year reign Mohamed ElBaradei says he is ready to assume power in Egypt if the people calls for him to do so Yemenis follow the example of Tunisia and Egypt to fight for their rights  Ugandan gay rights activist murdered.  David Kato, 43, was an activist with Sexual Minorities Uganda who was pictured and named by the antigay tabloid in a story that called on readers to hang gay rights advocates. from 2009 assessment U.S. security and military aid to Egypt ... does not aim to strengthen Egyptian military power against any external threat... Instead, this aid is devoted mainly to strengthening the regimes domestic security and its ability to confront popular movements. Russia said on Wednesday [january 26, 2010] that NATO should investigate last year's computer virus attack on a Russianbuilt nuclear reactor in Iran, saying the incident could have triggered a nuclear disaster on the scale of Chernobyl. Cairo residents in Egypt remove passwords from their wifi routers so protesters can communicate with the world An Egyptian protester faces a water canon vehicle solo.  Mahmoud Saad, a talk show host in the Egyptian staterun TV, has announced that he will no longer appear on TV starting tonight after he came under pressure from top government officials to defame protestors as rioters destroying the country. Woman mayor shows her horrific scars after surviving two assassination attempts by Mexican gangs

 Jack Shenker, the Guardian's reporter in Cairo, was beaten and arrested alongside protesters in the capital last night. He made this remarkable recording while locked in the back of a security forces truck next to dozens of protesters.  Google, YouTube, Twitter and Facebook now all reported blocked in Egypt Egyptian President's family and likely successor have fled to London. How the Tunisian government was stealing the entire country's Facebook passwords, and how Facebook responded Guardian reporter beaten and arrested in Cairo 'People are being hauled out by police and beaten' Insane footage from protests in Egypt as protesters climb on top of water cannon as it speeds through a crowd, running over people The Guardian's detailed live updates on the growing protests in Egypt Egypt president's son, family flee to Britain Protesters Just Torched A Government Building In Egypt Anonymous hacktivists attack Egyptian websites  A dam breaking in Egypt Egypt Protests Riot police fight back El Baradei to fly to Egypt on Thursday The people of Tunisia shouldn't have had to wait for Wikileaks to learn that the U.S. saw their country just as they did. It's time that the gulf between what American diplomats know and what they say got smaller. Guardian reporter beaten, detained at Egypt protests; records audio throughout Britain rolls back some unpopular post9/11 security rules Robert Fisk A new truth dawns on the Arab world Tunisia seeks arrest of exleader for theft and currency offences What's Happening in Egypt Explained The Arab crisis food, energy, water, justice  Suzanne Mubarak of Egypt has fled to Heathrow airport in London The most AMAZING video on the internet. Listen to the man at 045 seconds. Lone Nepali Soldier Defends Potential Rape Victim Against *40* Men Al Jazeera shines in protest coverage 
Middle East network applauded for covering protests despite obstacles.  'This is the Arab world's Berlin Wall moment' Huge antigovernment protest in Albania When the former president of Tunisia left he took 1.5 tons of gold with him. That's 58.5 million dollars worth of gold. What a dick. The goal of the protesters in Egypt seems to be to oust dictator Mubarak, and I say we help them by not dropping this issue until he is gone or they give up.  Thanks Reddit World News for being a great source of information on this situation!! 53 dead in Egypt protests on Saturday, 23 in 
Alexandria, 15 in Suez and 15 in Cairo. Egypt protests protesters defy curfew in Cairo Tens of thousands of demonstrators remain on the streets of Egypt's major cities, despite a curfew Incredible video footage showing Cairo demonstrators taking control of bridge, pushing back police The oligarchs in the royal palaces of the Arab world have long lost touch with the realities of their countries and are not aware of the needs of their people. And these are, after all, strikingly simple Can I pay for my bread? Can I find work? What are my personal prospects? Egypt police open fire on protesters at ministry  Al Jazeera TV
| Reuters Without Egypt, Israel will be left with no friends in Mideast New student protests in England  Nobody rioting, so little coverage... This is the Wikileaks document revealing the American government is backing protesters behind the Egypt uprising The IsraeliEgyptian peace treaty is the pillar of the structure in the Middle East, said Edward P. Djerejian, a former American ambassador to Israel and Syria. If the '79 agreement goes asunder, everything falls apart. Everything falls apart. Egypt has arrested over 1000 
UN human rights chief calls for lifting of emergency law, free use of social networks Biden Mubarak Should Not Step Down  Biden...said President Hosni Mubarak should not step down and downplayed the protests spreading across the Mideast as generally unconnected.  World Watches Al Jazeera To See What Happens Next In Egypt  Egypt Mubarak fails to quell riots  Neither Mubarak's words nor tanks stop angry demonstrators calling for his ouster. The Egypt Protests...WARNING SOME IMAGES ARE GRAPHIC. Images 2123 depict Mohamad Atef, the man whose death was recorded on video for people like me who missed the beginning, and is now overwhelmed with information about what's going on in Egypt.   White House wobbles on Egyptian tightrope  While the US favours Egyptian political reform in theory, in practice it props up an authoritarian system for pragmatic reasons of national selfinterest. France has maintained its ban on gay marriage, with a constitutional court ruling that a lesbian couple with four children do not have the right to tie the knot. China Blocks 'Egypt' on Top TwitterLike Service  CBS News Anonymous is getting around Egypt's Internet blackout by massfaxing WikiLeaks cables to Cairo. Mubarak speaks, dismisses government and says he will name a new government tomorrow.  Sounds like he's not going anywhere. Yeah Canada!  Tunisian dictator's family  'not welcome' in Canada PM Open Letter from Anonymous to the UK Government Jack Shenker in Cairo reports signs that the police are siding with protesters. The regime is already falling he was told Chilling video of the Egyptian protests Regardless of whether you are a Christian, a Muslim, or an Atheist, you will demand your goddamn rights, and you will have them one way or the other. Egyptian shot in street protests Fuck the European Parliament  WikiLeaks ISP anonymizes all traffic to neutralize data retention laws Egypt has apparently done what many technologists thought was unthinkable for any country with a major Internet economy It unplugged itself entirely from the Internet to try and silence dissent. 
 Here we go again... Thousands Protest in Jordan  Al Jazeera [IMG] Graph showing internet traffic to and from Egypt War zone is an understatement. Suez is burning, North Sinai is burning and Egypt is a state of zero tolerance. The government that justifies killing its own people does not have any right to exist, and it must be taken down! [AP Raw footage of a man shot down in protests] Anonymous  Operation Egypt A Press Release  Another house of cards about to fall?...Thousands of Jordanians march to press for reform Sniper murders Egyptian protester. Can we please have the left, the right and the MSM in the U.S. rally around this prodemocracy protest. Boeingowned Narus has sold Egypt Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) equipment that can be used by the regime to track, target and crush political dissent over the Internet and mobile phones. Egypt police are preparing to torch vehicles as a pretext for putting down the demonstration. It begins... Wealthy and famous Egyptians flee country on board private jets WikiLeaks Cable thousands of Egyptian military officers trained by US In Jordan, thousands protest over economic policies  call for the government to resign! Mubarak I will ask the government to step down. I will designate a new government tomorrow. Footage of an Egyptian protester getting shot (not graphic, but distressing) 'Army out' in Egyptian capital All internet and text messaging shut down in Egypt. Police threaten, swipe camera from CNN crew in Cairo Australian Idol judge fired after teenager's rape revelation live on radio b'Bill Clinton in North Korea, meets Kim Jongil.' b'Hamas Again Accepts a Palestinian State on the  1967 Lines' b'U.S. hunters aim for open season of threatened polar bears  Powerful lobby is suing to overturn the listing under the Endangered Species Act. ' b'Erik Prince of Xe (Blackwater) Implicated in Killing of Cooperative Govt Witnesses [DKos until org story stabilizes]' b'Mother and Daughter severely ill after their E Coli was contaminated with British food' b'Paco, a smokable drug made from bits of cocaine residue mixed with industrial solvents is quickly becoming a problem in Argentina.' b'This morning, Israeli bulldozers removing electrical poles from small Palestinian village; electricity from project supported by Quartet envoy Tony Blair' b'The Economist forced to back down over lies on Venezuela and Bolivia' b'Bill Clinton in North Korea to Seek Release of U.S. Reporters' b'An Algerian shop owner punches a Chinese migrant worker in the face.  30 minutes later, 100 Algerian residents and Chinese workers clash, armed with knives and rods.' b'Army of bloggers invading reddit?' b'Buzz Aldrin reveals that there is a monolith on Phobos, a moon of Mars.  ' b'Home Office says immigrants need to contribute to UK's democratic life, but antiwar activism could count against you' b'Trial by jury returns to Japan' b'The level of health in a country Singapore  1st; over 40 countries ahead of the US including many European states, Canada and Cuba; Angola  last' b'Texan Zionist Christian says that God sent him to seek oil in Israel and this oildigger believes that God would not give Israel anything less than Arabs have.  John Brown says he is on a divine mission to find oil in the land of milk and honey.' The US is quietly pressing Iraq not to close a camp that holds more than 3,000 members of an Iranian opposition group that served as Saddam Hussein's shock troops. WTF ethics Church of England under pressure over revelation that Vedenta supplies sacred mountain bauxite for India's nuclear missile programme b'Saudi man could face death for talking sex on TV' b'Police beat women opposing Sudan dress code trial' b'Associated Press a Humiliation to SoCalled IP ~~ AP Charges $12.50 To Quote 5 Words ' b'Assisted suicide law will apply to deaths in Britain and abroad' b'Mafia boss says Italian government involved with 1992 assassination of antiMob magistrate.' Moscow's Troubles in the Caucasus ongoing ethnic and political tensions between the Caspian Sea and the Black Sea are becoming a threat to the leadership in Moscow.  The Church of Scientology is Under Investigation for Slave Labor Shocking 'Egypt images' emerge  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Louis Theroux The Ultra Zionists Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak may be the world's richest man with an estimated fortune of $70 billion dollars, according to reports. The Last POW  story of a Japanese man who has been in Soviet Union since he was captured during WWII. Wikileaks Releases Cables On Egypt VP Omar Suleiman's Connections With Israel 6000 Workers Sit In, As The First Suez Canal Strike Has Begun Mass demonstrations continue in Cairo The release of Wael Ghonim, a cyber activist and Google executive, rallied protesters in Cairo. Syria set to remove firewall that bans Facebook and YouTube. 'Sheik alTorture' is now a democrat
(Pepe Escobar) The Egyptian revolution is being dissolved right in front of the world's eyes by an optical illusion... 52% of Americans have heard little or nothing about the demonstrations in Egypt. Assange Extradition Trial  Day II |Live Updates| Suspected U.S. spy drone crashes in Yemen; witnesses say alQaida carried wreckage away Tony Blair's sisterinlaw thinks Blair should be tried for war crimes. Swedish PM slams Julian Assange's claims    I can only defend what everyone in Sweden already knows that we have an independent, noncoerced judiciary. Egyptian ExInterior Minister Habib elAdly under investigation for masterminding Coptic church bombing on New Year's Eve. Egypt's new VP Suleiman The CIA's man in Cairo Normally cited as an example of good governance, Sweden is now fending off attacks from Assange's lawyers who charge the country is pursuing their client at the behest of the US for leaking classified government and military documents. Scientology fury at FBI probe Al Jazeera English correspondent reports on his detention; military roughed up protesters whom they detained. Wael Ghonim, one of the instigators of the Jan25 movement and a Google executive, gave his first interview last night after 12 days in detention. This writer calls it one of the most moving moments of television he has ever seen. Violence against medical staff and increased levels of mental illness are taking a toll on Juarez...A gritty border town with about 1.3 million residents, Juarez is the most violent city in Mexico  with more than 3,100 murders in 2010. Still No Water Or Electricity In Iraq 8 Years After 'Liberation' By American Empire  It is a tragedy. Even during the Middle Ages, people were not living in this situation, said engineer Furat alJanabi.  Wael Ghonim DreamTV interview playlist  part 1 intro  parts 2+3 interview  subtitled (use CC) Blogger's release 'reignites' Egypt  Middle East  Al Jazeera English The suffering of Southern Africa under AIDS in one figure Anonymous sends an open letter to the UK government over the arrest of 5 of its members related to the DDoS attacks on Paypal et al. Muslims return favor, join hands with Christian protesters for Mass in Cairo's Tahrir Square Cairo Week 3, day 16, and with every passing hour, the regime digs in deeper Three Christian churches in Indonesia destroyed by mob wanting stiffer penalty for Christian man given five year sentence for blasphemy against Islam. The Government's Case Against Julian Assange Is Falling Apart The US has called on the Egyptian government to lift its 30yearold state of emergency immediately and calls comments by Egyptian VicePresident Omar Suleiman that the country was not ready for democracy particularly unhelpful. Fiberoptic communications cable arrives in Cuba  promising a bandwidth bonanza for a country saddled with exorbitant telephone rates and among the slowest Internet connection speeds on the planet.  Internet causes cancer  
New ultraOrthodox marketing campaign uses scare tactics to prevent community from Web surfing. 'Internet causes disease, adversity,'  North Korea walks out of talks (again) The UN's food price index is at its highest point in over a decade, and Unilever warns that it's going to get worse.  An Israeli conspiracy that never existed  by Abdulateef AlMulhim, Commodore (Retd.), Royal Saudi Navy.  ExWikiLeaker claims defectors took control of leaks from Assange Investigate The Vatican  
Fine expos of Scientology in New Yorker this week. But are Scientology's doctrines any crazier than those of Roman Catholicism? Is the Pope a better man than L. Ron Hubbard was? How about more investigating of the Vatican? Protest in Egypt Takes a Turn as Workers Go on Strike  Oil prices could spiral out of control by 2012, US fears. Pirates seize Greek tanker carrying $200m of oil Russia eliminates daylight saving time  	

Protests in Egypt escalate 
Thousand marched on parliament to demand its member's resignation.  Protest in Egypt Takes a Turn as Workers Go on Strike Brutal Crackdown in Belarus Mexico violence not an 'emergency,' White House says.  BBC News  Southern Sudan minister shot dead by ministry driver South Sudan minister shot dead  Africa  Al Jazeera English WikiLeaks Suleiman told Israel he would 'cleanse' Sinai of arms runners to Gaza Five days to go and Beijing skies FINALLY clear as China rehearses the world's most spectacular fireworks display b'Calls in Yemen to end child marriage. Welcome to 21st century' An unknown gunman has assassinated the Syrian president's security advisor b'Saudi vice squad member accused of having six wives, two more than the maximum allowed' b'Leaky toilet exposes corrupt China official' b'Iraq arms sales request worth over nine billion dollars Pentagon' Syrian President Bashar Assad's top aide and adviser, General Mohammed Suleiman, was assassinated on Friday by a sniper.  b'Hundreds Of Thousands Are Fleeing London' b'when people are chewing qat, they don't ask awkward questions about where Yemen's oil revenues are going. ' b'Pakistan admits its spy agency is helping the Taliban and there were probably Taliban sympathisers within the ranks of its powerful intelligence establishment.' b'Finland considers legalizing male circumcision' b'Terrorists responsible for the bombing in Istanbul arrested' b'A member of the Saudi religious police has been accused of having six wives at the same time  two more than allowed under religious laws' b'United in the name of tolerance' b'Harvesting body parts in Tanzania Sexual organs of male and female albinos are particularly sought ' b'The Electronic Frontier Foundations releases Switzerland a tool to detect violations of Net Neutrality' b'Nine killed, 90 wounded in HamasFatah clashes in Gaza' b' Texas set to defy World Court with execution' b'Dear World, Please Confront America' b'Maverick oil analyst Ed Morse predicts oil prices will keep tumbling, and would not be surprised if prices dip below $100 in Nov' b'Hamas and Fatah Clash Escaletes Palestinian Conflict in Gaza Strip 9 dead and dozens of Fatah man that escaped to Israel were returned and arrested by Hamas' b'68 dead in temple stampede in north India' b'Iran Rejects Deadline Over Nuclear Proposal' Bush's War On Terror Doesn't Include... Certain Terrorists France's Wine Terrorists Clashes have broke out between pro and antigovernment demonstrators in Tahrir Square as protesters claim Mubarak concessions 'insufficient'  Mubarak says he won't stand for reelection in September and will aid a peaceful transition of power. Hundreds of proMubarak supporters attack protesters in Cairo's central square. Situation is escalating. ...it is absurd to think of this as simply clashes between two rival groups. The prodemocracy protesters are unarmed and have been peaceful at every step. But the proMubarak thugs are arriving in buses and are armed  and theyre using their weapons. Internet back up in Egypt ProMubarak supporters are recognizably police dressed as civilians Tony Blair Mubarak is 'immensely courageous and a force for good' Noam Chomsky about Egypt This Is The Most Remarkable Regional Uprising That I Can Remember Anonymous hits Egyptian government sites with fresh DDoS attacks President Saleh of Yemen pledges not to run for reelection in 2013 after 32 years in power. As a kicker, he promises that his son will not run for President, either. What Western governments have to say to Mubarak is irrelevant and, frankly, offensive. They've been supporting the dictatorship politically, financially and militarily for 30 years. VIDEO 'We Can't Get Out' Protestors blocked from leaving Tahrir Square as Army lets in
proMubarak thugs to attack them Cyclone Yasi begins. To fellow redditors living in Queensland stay safe aite. Turkey's prime minister backs Egyptian protesters, urges Mubarak to look around Now this is my kind of news photo [NSFW] WikiLeaks US and China in military standoff over space missiles  WikiLeaks' documents reveal more 9/11 suspects Yemen's leader says he won't stand for reelection or pass the presidency to his son ElBaradei accuses Egyptian govt of scare tactics My fear is that it will turn into a bloodbath, he added, calling the proMubarak demonstrators a bunch of thugs. Raw Video Dramatic New Images of ProMubarak Thugs attacking ProDemocracy protestors with camels and horses Well, it is simple really.  The global elite install a new puppet that they control (such as ElBaradei), and then they get him to agree to huge new loans from the IMF or the World Bank to fix the broken Egyptian economy. BAGHDAD  Security forces linked to Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri alMaliki are operating a secret detention site and elite teams are torturing detainees at a separate facility, Human Rights Watch charged on Tuesday. The cries of loathing for Mubarak are becoming familiar, the posters ever more intriguing. Neither Mubarak, nor Suleiman, and we don't need you Obama  but we don't dislike USA... WikiLeaks nominated for Nobel Peace Prize Egypt Reporters Under Attack  Al Jazeera targeted specifically
		
		The Daily Dish | By Andrew Sullivan Canadian Government to reverse CRTC decision on Internet billing. (UBB) I don't know if this fits into r/worldnews, but it has to be seen by the world. Mubarak's security forces drive through the crowd 14 year old girl whipped to death by Islamic clerics Fox News Team Severely Beaten in Cairo and Hospitalized. (Greg Palkot & Olaf Wiig) Mubarak supporters open fire at demonstrators in Cairo
| Reuters One of our Web producers reports that almost everyone in the square seems injured, is bandaged and limping. The mood there is pretty fatalistic with the antigovernment protesters certain that the proMubarak forces are there to eliminate them. More than 20,000 antigovernment protesters have gathered in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, for a day of rage against President Ali Abdullah Saleh. A 14yearold girl in Bangladesh, Hena Begum, died after allegedly being raped by her 40yearold cousin and punished with a public lashing. 
Danish cartoonist's attacker guilty Anderson Cooper of CNN Attacked in Cairo [HD] Mohamed ElBaradei urges world leaders to abandon Hosni Mubarak 
Criminal acts by governmentbacked thugs and a regime killing its own people make negotiations impossible, says Nobel laureate Video  Egyptian protester killed by Mubarak's hired thugs.  DEAD MAN, very sad footage Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says he would like to resign immediately but fears the country would descend into chaos if he did so A revolution is coming  a revolution which will be peaceful if we are wise enough; compassionate if we care enough; successful if we are fortunate enough  but a revolution which is coming whether we will it or not. We can affect its character; we cannot alter its inevitability. Call to free Al Jazeera journalists It was vicious and ruthless, bloody and well planned, a final vindication of all Mubarak's critics and a shameful indictment of the Obamas and Clintons who failed to denounce this faithful ally of America and Israel. Police open fire on Yemeni protesters The British telecommunications company Vodafone is being accused of sending out text messages urging proMubarak supporters to confront protesters Gunmen open fire on protesters in Tahrir Square, People are too tired to be terrified Immigration officer fired after putting wife on list of terrorists to stop her flying home  Gunfire erupts in Cairo's streets, Health Ministry reports injuries in the thousands as military intervenes Egyptian Protest Helmets Tens of thousands march against Yemen's president Rapid developments in Egypt Omar Suleiman holds dialogue with opposition groups, Elbaradei refuses to participate until Mubarak goes. A retired Egyptian army general tells the BBC that the army is ready to intervene to protect protesters as early as tomorrow.  Fidel Castro Mubarak Is Finished  Mubaraks fate is sealed, not even the support of the United States will be able to save his government.  For Egypt protests, Google has enabled feature to post to Twitter with just a voice connection Al Jazeera Offers Up Egypt Coverage To Anyone Who Wants To Use It Under Creative Commons License The King Of Jordan just dismissed his government in an attempt to not be the next Egypt Al Jazeera is reporting two million people have showed up in Cairo and hundreds of thousands of protesters are marching in other cities. Julian Assange running for Nobel Peace Prize  Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan No government can survive against the will of its people. The era of governments persisting on pressure and repression is over. . . . We are all passing, and will be judged on what we leave behind. Al Jazeera If we have to use Flip cams in Egypt, we will. If we have to use online in the US, we will. A video interview with a wellspoken protester in Tahir Square Nobody is hearing about protests Sudan because the Government is heavily censoring the press New cables released by Wikileaks reveal that the U.S. government has been quietly anticipating as well as cultivating Omar Suleiman, the Egyptian spy chief, as the top candidate to take over the country should anything happen to President Hosni Mubarak. Human Rights Watch Looters included undercover Egyptian police Report Huge ISPs want perGB payments from Netflix, YouTube... as well from end users Egyptian army vows not to use force on protesters  says their demands are legitimate Hamas blocks Egypt solidarity demonstrations in Gaza; Human Rights Watch reports that Gazan police thwarted local efforts to protest Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak. Prominent Muslims joined Jews and Christians in prayer at Auschwitz on Tuesday in a gesture of interfaith solidarity Stirrings of popular dissent are already underway in Yemen and Jordan too. All the other USbacked monarchies and pseudodemocracies across the region are feeling the heat. The US empire in the region is crumbling. Impoverished Indian families caught in deadly spiral of microfinance debt Small loan schemes devastate the lives of millions of poor people and reveal the dark side of India's economic boom
 Fears that Egypt's uprising may set off escalating protests in the tense Shia region of Saudi Arabia, home to the world's richest oilfields.  Egyptian Girl leaves message for all outside of Egypt. 'I am not scared this time'.  Iran began 2011 by hanging 8 accused drug traffickers on New Year's Day and that was just day one. By the end of January, Iran had executed at least 56 drug offenders Mubarak gives a statement on state television saying he will stand down at the next elections in September 100 dogs in Vancouver, Canada killed after business slows after 2010 Winter Olympics To the great people of Egypt, your armed forces, acknowledging the legitimate rights of the people, stress that they have not and will not use force against the Egyptian people, said the statement. Egyptian author Ahdaf Souief on Jan 24 in India, It's all young people... And it's all really without a leadership, but it's there, it's keeping the streets alive, we've never had as much civil unrest in Egypt as we've had in the last 5 years... And that is good Official Egypt's Mubarak will not seek reelection We dont want Omar Suleiman to take Mubaraks place. We are not O.K. with this regime at all...We want a president who is a civilian.  Egyptian police shoot a defenseless boy .. Atrocious EGYPT Young boy murdered by police in cold blood Egyptian Police Shoot Unarmed Man Dead in Alexandria, 31/01/2011 It's not radical Islam that worries the US ; it's independence | Noam Chomsky  AntiMubarak activists bruised, tired, hungry Maybe we'll be tired for a month, but we will be able to live in freedom for the rest of our life. Meanwhile along the Thai and Cambodian border, solders are trading fire for the third straight day Cameron says multiculturalism has failed in Britain and it was time to replace Britain's passive tolerance with an active, muscular liberalism to send a message that life in Britain revolves around certain key values such as freedom of speech, equal rights and the rule of law. Ripple effects of the Egyptian uprising are now spreading to Gaza, where some groups are planning a new rally next week... making the Hamas government nervous France rocked by news of aid to Tunisia and Egypt  France trained Egyptian police officers in crowd control and sent tear gas to Tunis. And its foreign minister vacationed in Tunisia after the uprising, using the jet of a man linked to the ousted president. Citizen video obtained by AJE shows the green laser seen apparently targeting antigov ppl with gunfire. Political science professor There is no reason for American journalists to accept the premise that President Hosni Mubarak is the only thing standing between chaos and/or Islamic theocracy in Egypt Iranian opposition to mullahs If you dig these Egypt protests so much, why not let us march too?  Will The West Endorse Human Rights Violator Omar Suleiman To Be Egypt's President?  When a white person holds objectionable views  racism, for example  we rightly condemn them. But when equally unacceptable views or practices have come from someone who isnt white, weve been too cautious, frankly even fearful, to stand up to them.  American Warships Heading to Egypt.  Yesterday, 
the Los Angeles Times reported The Pentagon is 
moving U.S. warships and other military assets to 
make sure it is prepared in case evacuation of U.S. 
citizens from Egypt becomes necessary, Rape case against the WikiLeaks chief 'weak'  Details in a police file of the rape case against Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, reveal a series of apparent contradictions and inconsistencies in the evidence against him. ExIsraeli soldier admits leaking secret military files I'm a huge fan of Top Gear. But this time I've had enough, by Steve Coogan  Egypt protesters hold firm Tens of thousands in Tahrir Square demand that Mubarak quit, as the ruling party's top leadership resigns France Suspends Arms, Riot Equipment Sales To Egypt Egyptian government holds talks with Muslim Brotherhood  Egypt's largest opposition group, the Muslim Brotherhood, agreed to join talks with President Hosni Mubarak's embattled regime Sunday, a historic turning point in relations between the state and the banned group. Jordanian Monarchy under pressure Queen Rania is viewed as glamorous, sophisticated, and widely admired abroad. She has come in for particular criticism, accused of controlling court appointments and funneling business to her family. But mostly she is said to be insensitive to her subjects [...]  	
Iranian TV channels say no to pasta, pizza  
Cooking shows ordered to shun Italian, French dishes, highlight Iran's achievements instead Mubarak family fortune could reach $70bn. This is Mubarak has to plan his exit very carefully  prosecution for (a) corruption and (b) criminal brutality is all the rage these days.  Einstein was right  honey bee collapse threatens global food security   Telegraph Californiabased Boeing subsidiary, Narus, sells deeppacket inspection to Egypt to track social media use Assange Extradition Trial Begins Shocking videos emerge from Egypt showing civilians shot by snipers and police The Netherlands has withdrawn its ambassador to Iran in protest of a DutchIranian woman's death at the hands of Iranian authorities. The move came amid revelations she may have died during torture. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange threatens to sue 'The Guardian' newspaper for libel Jerusalem council set to approve Jewish housing in Arab neighborhood  it will be necessary to evict a number of Palestinian families living on the site in order for construction to commence Journalist shot and killed by police in Cairo Talks fail to end Egypt protests  prodemocracy protests continue at Tahrir Square This is not a revolution made by the parties. The parties have been there for 30 years and they've done nothing. This is the people's revolution. In 2011, there are 100 uncontacted tribes worldwide Leaked files show details of Julian Assange rape allegations  ElBaradei The Israelis Have A Peace Treaty With Mubarak, Not With The Egyptian People REPORT Mubarak To Leave Egypt, Go To Germany For Health Check And Hand Over Power Leaked cables reveal anger at regime may make Libya the next Arab domino to fall. BBC News  Rock guitarist Gary Moore dies at 58 South African President When you vote for the ANC, you are also choosing to go to heaven. When you don't vote for the ANC you should know that you are choosing that man who carries a fork... Iran's 'Day of Rage'  Green Movement leaders embarass Iranian regime by proposing demonstration in support of Egyptian and Tunisian revolts Al Jazeera Hopes Reports From Egypt Open Doors in US Perth surrounded by flames as fires rage out of control  Jesus, the Economist gets it wrong AGAIN, saying Egypt's situation affirms George Bush's Arab freedom agenda. Actually, a lot of Egyptians HATE the U.S. now because we supported Mubarak for so long, just like Saudis and Iranians hate us for supporting their past or current authoritarian regimes. Tunisia's former governing party is to be suspended and its offices closed, the interior ministry has announced. Bashir accepts Sudan vote to secede US envoy's business link to Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak revealed Egypt Mubarak has changed his Facebook status to it's complicated Journalists leaving Egypt   The atmosphere has been constantly worsening and journalists have become targets, a Finnish photographer said. Horrific video of 20+ Egyptian citizens being run over by a diplomatic vehicle in the streets of Cairo Jan 28. Vodafone admits that the Egyptian government forced it to send text messages to help organize the ProMubarak demonstrations Demand Al Jazeera in the US! One of my professors (Egyptian, and Egyptian History Expert) wrote this article detailing the situation there for outsiders. There seems to be a lot of you who would like to know more, so I hope this helps. (small .pdf warning) First ever aerial footage of uncontacted Amazon tribe released Egypt's neighbors are getting nervous  Algerian government has agreed to end its 19year state of emergency. Mubarak's family has an estimated net worth of $50  $70 BILLION dollars, a portion of which happens to have been invested in Vodafone. Egypt's 'final push' protests begin as Protesters flood Tahrir Square, for 'Day of Departure' The feel here is that today is the final day for Mubarak, it's time for him to go WikiLeaks cables Britain 'refused to speak with doomed British hostage' Remember when Vodafone handed the Egyptian government protesters' data in 2009? They won't deny they're doing it again right now. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard demonstrates misunderstanding of key issues concerning Mr Assange, the Australian citizen facing extradition proceedings, and the actions of WikiLeaks. Somali man convicted of terrorism for breaking into the home of a Danish cartoonist who had caricatured the Prophet Muhammad, triggering violent protests across the Muslim world, has been sentenced to nine years in prison TIL the pope cannot be an organ donor because he has saintly giblets If papal organs were donated, they would become relics in other bodies if he were eventually made a saint. Mubarak's Hired Thugs  Rural Poor Paid to Attack Opposition Supporters Amid mass protests, 'Anonymous' topples Egypt gov't websites Egyptian Protester If we cant bring this to an end, were going to all be in the slammer by June. Berlusconi calls Mubarak wise man, urges continuity Chinese use honeytraps to spy on French companies, intelligence report claims Human Rights Watch urges EU and United States to cut aid to the Palestinian Authority after security forces broke up up a proEgypt rally on the West Bank Hosni Mubaraks net worth estimated at USD 40 to 70 Billion Fidel Castro 'Mubarak's fate is sealed' New antigovernment protests in Albania We all helped suppress the Egyptians. So how do we change? The Obama administration is discussing with Egyptian officials a proposal for President Hosni Mubarak to resign immediately, turning over power to a transitional government headed by Vice President Omar Suleiman Egyptian Population Density Muslim Brotherhood tells Irans Islamic Leader Khamenai this is People's Revolution not an Islamic Revolution  Al Jazeera has tried to leverage its visibility on Twitter with Promoted Tweets and a Promoted Trending Topic to get into one place that's harder to access than Egypt  U.S. TV markets. It wants entrance into a market that has largely shut it out for mostly unspecified reasons. WikiLeaks cables millions in overseas aid to Africa 
was embezzled Kiev attempts to criminalize underwear exhibition on one's own balcony.  Topless protesters fight back (NSFW) Israel wants to hire PR firms in 10 countries to improve its reputation. Norwegian PR firms have refused.
 American commentators in general, view the revolution as all about the United States and Israel. It's almost as if the Egyptians don't matter. Egyptian Security Forces Shoot an Unarmed Man in Cold Blood (Warning Graphic Video)  2 Detained Reporters in Egypt Witnessed Secret Polices Methods Firsthand  NYTimes.com Why the Egyptian Army Wont Shoot Protesters My monthly wage is 1,100 Egyptian pounds (188 dollars)... No one can afford to live on these wages. Chevron resorts to intimidation tactics Its lawyers have threatened the trial judge overseeing the  environmental trial where the company faces a potential judgment in the billions of dollars Drop the Case Against Assange Prosecution of WikiLeaks would badly damage the US' credibility in claiming to be a vital advocate of an open global Internet Natural gas pipeline from Egypt to Israel attacked. UN condemns Israeli destruction of Palestinian water systems China has a water shortage due to pollution and population. They're hoping to solve it with massive desalination plants.  Erdogan tells Mubarak to step down, offering Turkey's own political model as a way forward ProMubarak protestor claims he was recruited from prison by an Egyptian official. What a pathetic old brute Mubarak has become, telling ABC that he'd love to give up power, really he would, but he's afraid Egypt would collapse into chaos without his steady hand at the wheel...  Egypt bans exofficials from leaving country, freezes bank accounts  Egyptian Attorney General takes measures against several senior businessmen and political figures amid massive protests charging the government with corruption. Daily Kos Seriously, Israel. Media. Bloggers. wtf? Scott Horton The reason why Mubarak is trying to squeeze a few more months out of his 3decade career in office and avowing his intentions to stay in Egypt rather than packing for the Riviera Mubarak's Third force terror tactic unleashing his 'personal' thugs in a failed attempt to silence protestors seeking an end to his regime Democracy Now Live Coverage On Egypt List of Human Rights Activist still missing in Egypt, likely in the hands of Secret Police. Gaza feeds hungry Egyptian troops in role reversal | Underground tunnels generally used to smuggle goods into Gaza are moving traffic in the opposite direction in the wake of the popular uprising in Egypt. BBC News  Egypt unrest Hosni Mubarak must stay  US envoy b'Syria's Mufti Islam commands us to protect JudaismIf the Prophet Mohammed had asked me to deem Christians or Jews heretics, I would have deemed Mohammed himself a heretic' Hard to argue that it's not a holy war when Christian extremists are all too happy to provide some dogma into the mix U.S. Military Weapons Inscribed With Secret 'Jesus' Bible Codes because Killing people and quoting the bible makes Jesus dance b'China bans Avatar for being subversive' b'Earthquake Magnitude 6.0 hits Guatemalan' b'Costa Rican sugar exports blocked after Legislative Assembly rejects USled copyright reform  ' b'Nigerian Muslims and Christians unite side by side to promote peace on earth and raise loads of money for the Haiti disaster.  No, just kidding, at least 149 people have been killed during two days of violence.' b'The trial of the century starts tomorrow against Dutch parliamentarian Geert Wilders. His free speech is our free speech. Netherlands, the world is watching!' b'UK has no doubts about its claim to the Falkland Islands. A recent law passed in Argentina, with whom the UK fought a war in 1982, begs to differ.' b'China to save its oldest cliff Buddha from collapse ' Iran has arrested 19 activists from the Women's Movement, Women Journalists and Civil Activists  b'For once, a piece praising Americans for their effort  in the aftermath of the Haiti earthquake.' b'Cell phone minerals fuel Congo conflict  Sales of coltan, used in cell phones, fund groups that brutalize eastern Congo' Look! In the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! No, it's Superman! NO! It's ANDERSON COOPER! b'European Navy Watches As Pirates Slaughter Each Other Over Ransom Money' b'GoDaddy Donates $500,000 To Haiti' b'Haiti we dont need soldiers  theres no war here' b'Nigerian Army ordered in as 200 die in Christian Muslim riots.' b'2,000yearold temple dedicated to Cat goddess found in Egypt' b'Guantanamo triplesuicide victims were suffocated, claims magazine ' b'UN Afghanistan survey points to huge scale of bribery' b'The entire premise of combating alQaeda as though it were an enemy army, using the Pentagon as the lead agency, while simultaneously militarizing the CIA, needs to be questioned' BBC Suddenly The Afghan Security Realize What They're Looking At & Run For Their Lives! [vid] b'Haiti There are no security issues, says Dr. Evan Lyon of Partners in Health, in PortAuPrince. Reports of violence in the city have been overblown by the media and have affected the delivery of aid and medical services' b'Message From Ecuador to Chevron CEO John Watson We don't want to continue dying of cancer. [vid]' b'Israel is arresting a growing number of prominent opponents to its policies toward the Palestinians, say critics who are accusing the government of trying to crush legitimate dissent.' Footage released of Guardian editors destroying Snowden hard drives GCHQ technicians watched as journalists took angle grinders and drills to computers after weeks of tense negotiations Man Washes up in Marshall Islands 'After 16 Months Adrift' at sea Ukrainian riot police have allegedly beaten up a busload of government supporters, after mistaking them for opposition activists A Factory in China is Slaughtering Endangered Whale Sharks  A Chinese nonprofit wildlife organization exposes what they believe to be the largest whale sharkprocessing factory in the world Australia's Great Barrier Reef watchdog gave the green light for millions of cubic metres of dredged mud to be dumped near the fragile reef to create the world's biggest coal port and possibly unlock $28 billion in coal projects Cameron unhappy newspapers still printing Snowden data leaks 61% said No!  Most Germans oppose bigger role for military. Bumblebees exposed to controversial pesticides collect just half the pollen they would otherwise harvest, according to new research, depriving their growing young of their only source of protein. [xpost /r/environment] Ontario raises minimum wage to $11 Palestinian poet Ashraf Fayadh is in a Saudi prison, allegedly for spreading atheism  and having long hair Pirate Bay allowed to sail again Dutch court surrenders. They cut my ear off and even crucified me  AutoMaidan leader Bulatov found alive eight days after disappearance The former head of Canada's military in Afghanistan is being detained in Afghanistan for alleged gun smuggling Shipwrecked man makes land 'after 16 months adrift' After billions in U.S. investment, Afghan roads are falling apart CSEC used airport WiFi to track Canadian travellers Edward Snowden documents Leaked document records 330 drone strikes in Pakistan A former Pakistani minister says that officials may have come under pressure to play down civilian deaths after Obama's election. Almost all mention of noncombatant casualties disappears after 2009 despite significant evidence to the contrary. Mexico has started registering vigilantes fighting drug cartel to classify them as official defense groups. Pollution Taints Chinese New Year Fireworks  Chinese typically ring in the Lunar New Year with fireworks. In Shanghai, young people say the smog has changed their minds about the ancient tradition & they won't be lighting off fireworks this year to spare the air. UK nuclear plant detects elevated radiation  Sellafield bans nonessential workers as precaution after monitors detect higherthannormal radioactivity. Stunning electricblue flames erupt from volcanoes in Indonesia Central African Republic 'Scene of absolute horror' Cameron UK public is fine with domestic spying Vodka blamed for high death rates in Russia Ukrainian police 'attack wrong protesters' 'Angry Birds' website hacked following NSA spying allegations, displaying a message saying Spying Birds with one of their iconic Angry Birds bearing an NSA logo on its forehead Danish government implodes over opposition against a deal with Goldman Sachs, to sell them stocks with veto rights over our energy infrastructure The EU is developing a secret plan to give the police the power to control cars by switching the engine off remotely Let Banks Fail Is Iceland Mantra as 2% Joblessness in Sight Photos of Ukrainian uprising. Includes a dude with a colander on his head, humans on fire and lots of molotov cocktails. 'Insane, Disgusting' and 'Epic Treachery' NSA Spied on Climate Talks 'Obama admin. clearly never wanted Copenhagen talks to work,' says Bill McKibben following latest NSA revelations concerning climate talks Scarlett Johansson quits Oxfam charity over her controversial support of company with factory in the occupied Palestinian territories Russia to monitor 100% of communications at Sochi Games, says Russia openly A noted professor who regularly provides commentary on an NHK AM radio show in Japan, has resigned from the program in protest over the public broadcasters demand that nuclear power not be discussed until after the Feb. 9 Tokyo gubernatorial election. New Snowden Docs U.S. Spied on Negotiators At 2009 Climate Summit A record number of foreign citizens were deported from Norway last year, after country's police stepped up the use of deportation as a way of fighting crime. Danish Government Nearly Collapsed Over Deal With Goldman Sachs Ukraine on verge of 'civil war', says expresident In Germany, memories of repressive national spying inflamed by U.S. surveillance Female genital mutilation affects a fifth of young girls in subSaharan Africa Almost one in five young girls in subSaharan Africa are still forced to endure female genital mutilation, according to a UN report that paints a grim picture of the state of the world's children. Top lawyer finds GCHQ spying is illegal & UK spies who help US drone strike may be accessories to murder China bans smoking in schools, including kindergarten UK House of Lords pass 'Gagging Bill', a bill designed to stop charities and trade unions from criticising the government. Threats to Sochi Olympics Whistleblower 'You Will Be Drowned in Blood!' The Ukrainian Parliament recently repealed harsh rules against freedom of speech and assembly, but rather than sign the repeal into law, PM Yanukovych goes on sick leave, leaving the harsh rules in place 'Jews, Out of France!' Around 17000 March in Paris Chanting AntiSemitic Slurs Egypt said it would try 20 people who work for the Al Jazeera television channel on charges they belong to a terrorist group, drawing U.S. allegations that the militarybacked government is trying to muzzle dissent. Hunan couple recycles 9 million of plastic bottles a year to send their sons to university NSA spied on Copenhagen UN climate summit  Snowden leak USFunded Hospital in Afghanistan Has 3 Light Bulbs, Forces Staff to Wash Newborns in River Water Muslim politician from India who offered $8M to Charlie Hebdo attackers has been booked for inciting violence. Russia has listed transsexual and transgender people among those who will no longer qualify for driving licences. French government donates $1.2 million to ensure Charlie Hebdo lives on Hezbollah Secretary General Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah 'The Actions of Takfiri groups like Al Qaeda and The Islamic State offended Prophet Mohammad more than the Charlie Hebdo Cartoons mocking him' Charlie Hebdo hunt Shots fired as police chase car  possible hostages taken Islamic State brags We did Paris  tomorrow will be in Britain, America In wake of Charlie Hebdo attacks, secularist groups to seek end of Canadas blasphemy law Saudi Arabia to flog man 1,000 times for insulting religion on Facebook Websites of towns near Paris hacked, replaced with ISIS flag Indian Government fires employee who skipped work for 24 years Egypt's President Calls For A 'Revolution' In Islam The UK is now more religiously diverse than ever but at the same time the number of people with no religion is at an alltime high Britain's MI5 chief warns al Qaeda in Syria planning mass attacks on West Top Iranian cleric condemns Paris shooting We strongly condemn the terrorist attack in France and believe that Islam does not allow the killing of innocent people, be it in Paris, Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Paksitan or Afghanistan Ayatollah Seyyed Ahmad Khatami said The US will send its highestlevel delegation in decades to Havana later this month, for talks on migration and normalizing relations between the countries after decades of cold war hostility. Israel won't recognize Armenian genocide, says ambassador Bodies littered on the streets after Boko Haram attack on Baga North Korea warns of 'war disaster' if US does not lift 'unreasonable sanctions' Danish newspaper says won't print Prophet cartoons Boko Haram Kills 100, Destroys 16 Villages In Borno Two Islamist newspapers in Turkey have drawn ire on social media with their headlines that justified the deadly attack on a French satirical newspaper. The head of MI5, Andrew Parker, has called for new powers to help fight Islamist extremism, warning of a dangerous imbalance between increasing numbers of terrorist plots against the UK and a drop in the capabilities of intelligence services to snoop on communications. More Than 1 Million Flee, Ukraine Close to 'Humanitarian Catastrophe' A German nurse has admitted to killing 30 patients while working at a hospital in the German city of Delmenhorst from 2003 to 2005 and is under further investigation for the possible killing of another 60. China 30 tombs, 28 chariots and 98 horse skeletons dating back 2,800 years found in Hubei b'Australian pastor who inspired hundreds of thousands of people with his fight against terminal cancer has admitted he faked his illness to hide an addiction to porn.' b'Russia Website owner and government critic arrested and executed' Iraq has signed its first major oil deal since the fall of Saddam Hussein's regime. $3 billion oil deal with......................................................China.  5 Women Buried Alive is Defended as 'Tradition' b'Life is visibly improving for Dalit communities in India, who were once known as untouchables' b'Georgia quarrel derails USRussian cooperation on Iran issue  Moscow will finish building Irans nuclear reactor in Bushehr by yearend'  Iran warns any attack would start 'world war' b'The time has come to say Britain is full' Don't Go There The whole world has the travel bug. And it's ravaging the planet. b'American Delta Force and British SAS collaborate on an Operation Phoenix assassination program in Iraq' Preachers of separatism at work inside Britain's mosques During WW2 amateur diplomat proposed dividing world between Nazi's and Britain b'Relief agencies decry military role in Georgia. Militarization of humanitarian operations puts them at risk, will forever shatter the concept of impartiality.' b'Iraq has signed its first major oil deal with a foreign company What? What happened with Exxon Mobil, Shell, Total, and Chevron?' b'The week that buried the new world order' b'Agreement on U.S. withdrawal from Iraq said to be in peril as Maliki ousts negotiators.' b'New Data Show 1.4 BILLION Live On Less Than $1.25 A Day' b'Italy to pay Libya $5 billion to crack down on illegal immigration' b'Amateur diplomat sought Nazi pact' b'Wheres next in Vladimir Putins sights?' Children in Gaza we're training to kill Jews Ask Worldnews As a current events junkie, what're the best online news sources out there? b'Hundreds of thousands of Mexicans protest crime ' b'Malaysian man gets nut stuck around penis report' b'Treating Iraqi Children For PTSD' New Charlie Hebdo issue to come out next week It's very hard. We are all suffering, with grief, with fear, but we will do it anyway because stupidity will not win. Ahmed Merabet, Cop Killed In Paris Attacks, Was Muslim Youngest Suspect in Charlie Hebdo Attack Turns Himself In Grenades thrown at a mosque in Le Mans, west of Paris Danish newspaper to print Charlie Hebdo cartoons on Islam Muslim politician from India offers $8M to Charlie Hebdo attackers Vladimir Putin has condemned a deadly terrorist attack in Paris, and confirmed Moscows readiness to continue cooperation with France in battling terrorism. Putin also expressed his condolences to the victims' families and wished the injured a speedy recovery. Turkey is trying to hide any evidence that holds Turkish leaders responsible for the support of terrorist groups, especially the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), Turkish media is reporting. Danish Paper That Published 12 Muhammad Cartoons Boosts Security Two Charlie Hebdo attackers located in north France French imam urges Muslims to protest over Paris attack Policewoman shot by gunman near Paris dies police Shooting heard on the outskirts of Paris, 1 officer severely injured Nobody was reported killed by fighting in Syria on Wednesday, the first day without casualties in three years, after a fierce winter storm quelled violence Time to crack down on 'Islamophobia', Turkey's Erdogan tells EU Thousands in Europe hold up Pens in Solidarity after terrorist attack Journalists race to show solidarity with 'Charlie Hebdo' after terror attack Antibiotics US discovery labelled 'gamechanger' for world medicine The Charlie Hebdo attack condemned by Saudi Arabia, Iran, Arab League, and many other Muslim states, as well as by Union of Islamic Organizations of France. Brisbane man wearing I'm with stupid tshirt stands with LNP election campaigners, arrested by 10 officers for public nuisance Fourth Russian General Commits Suicide in Less Than a Year it bears a startling similarity to at least three other recent cases of retired Russian generals committing suicide last year Meteorite turns night into day over Bucharest, Romania Israeli doctors implant Syrian man with titanium jaw in pioneering procedure. Unusual Metal Recovered from Ancient Greek Shipwreck39 ingots found in 2,600yrold wreck. Metal is being called orichalcum, a legendary metal philosopher Plato attributed to Atlantis. Nothing similar has ever been found. We knew orichalcum from ancient texts & a few ornamental objects. Young mother let terrorists into Charlie Hebdo building after threat against daughter b'Wild bear kills two terrorists.Yes,a wild BEAR kills two TERRORISTS in india.' b'We are talking about an end to privacy itself, unlimited powers of search and seizure  in short, a New Zimbabwe in place of New Zealand' In the past 40 yrs, the permanent resident population of Venice has decreased by half. At the current rate of emigration  about 800 residents a yr  demographers predict there will not be a single Venetian left by 2030. But it's not flooding that's driving away the natives. Border guard's refusal to shoot let the Iron Curtain drop; defiant move changed history Irish accent beats French as world's sexiest Norway's secondlargest university to vote on Israel boycott b'About 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus were massacred by Hutu militias within 100 days during the 1994 genocide. Now the United Nations genocide court in Tanzania seems to be reneging on its promise to transfer Rwandan convicts to serve the remainder of their sentences in their homeland' b'In Afghanistan, US troops fight and die, and a Chinese firm is awarded a $3 bn. copper mining contract' *le sigh* Naturopaths' prescribing rights getting expanded in Ontario, Canada b'U.N. Cant Account for Millions Sent to Afghan Election Board' b'David Cameron to tell voters that (contrary to previous promises) the Conservative party will NOT hold a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty if it has already become law.' b'It's like playing chess with a monkey, you get them to checkmate, and then they swallow the king. EU Diplomat on nuclear negotiations with Iran' b'A new ocean is forming in Ethiopia. 35mile rift in the Ethiopian desert will eventually connect the Red Sea and Arabian Sea.' b'North Korea claims to have weaponized plutonium' Hamas 'tests longrange rocket'  UK's broadband tax will force 100,000 homes to give up internet connection, warns CEO b'A third of threatened species now face actual extinction' b'Israel has released six members of the Palestinian parliament from jail after holding them for up to three years  some were never charged with an offence. ' b'Hillary Clinton speaks to Arab leaders in Morocco, defends remarks praising Israel' b'Nepal Nighttime photo of communists marching with torches against government' b'Mexico's cursing problem. The generation younger than 30 sees the use of bad words as more natural, and they use them not only in front of friends but in front of their parents or bosses.' b'The Irish Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that a premier Dublin golf club can continue to bar women from membership' b'Settler Colonialism Return to the Middle Ages. The Palestinians have been under a racist settler form of colonialism for over sixty years; and they are targeted with a campaign of ethnic cleansing launched by armed gangs of settlers supported by Israels police and army.' b'Karzai vows to battle corruption, build an inclusive government, win the war and a peace Nobel Prize, ban opium, ban Kimoon, reach the moon...' b'Diamond producers meet on conflict diamonds; calls for an international ban on Zimbabwe's diamond sales' b'A top German court has ruled that it is not a criminal offence to cut off the life support of a dying person if that person has given their consent. ' b'New Papua tribe discovered  Their houses are in trees, their life is stone age' Israel's Mistake German Minister Denied Entry To Gaza Strip (spiegel commentary) b'BP sends Fake Journalists to Gulf' b'Canada Protesters who get within five metres of the G20 security fence and refuse to provide ID, or leave could get arrested according to new powers granted by Queens Park to police for the duration of the G20 summit.n' b'Killing Time  For Conscripts, German Military Service is Battle against Boredom' b'Another one entered and he said, 'Listen, you're not staying here. Yafo is just for Jews. Get out of Yafo,' Rachayel says. The men continued to threaten and intimidate her, repeatedly saying that the Arab presence in Yafo is only temporary.' b'The world worked together to help bring apartheid to an end, writes Kader Asmal. So why allow it to live on in Israel/Palestine?n' b'In 2008, Bush said fuck you to the world's nuclear nonproliferation regime by approving a deal with India. Now China is returning the favor by providing nukes to berproliferant Pakistan ' b'Gangland shootouts no longer shock in Mexican town' b'As much as 1 million times the normal level of methane gas has been found in some regions near the Gulf of Mexico oil spill, enough to potentially deplete oxygen and create a dead zone,' b'The junk food generation British children getting fatter at twice the rate of Americansnn' b'PHILIPPINES Key witness in the Maguindanao massacre case killed' b'In villages across northern India, the most dangerous choice young people could make is one most of us take for granted  choosing their own partner' BBC News  Details of secret USUK 'spying pact' released b'Claims of African economic growth hide stark divisions of rich and poor. Recent reports show growth of a stark divide between rich and poor in Africa.' b'Iran will not send aid ship to Gaza  CNN.com' Germany Warns US Not to Become 'Addicted to Borrowing'  The US has heavily criticized German austerity measures in recent days. Now, Germany's finance minister has fired back, warning against becoming addicted to deficit spending... b'US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has told the BBC that the world cannot depend as much on the US as it did in the past' b'The poor are turned into real slaves in Yemen, this one has lost his freedom for talking with the media' b'Stalin has been toppled' b'Iranian Photojournalist Sentenced to Three Years in Prison; Another Journalist Released on Bail' b'How lessons in the dark arts of special ops led McChrystal to the edgenttttAmericas, World  The Independent' N.Korea Boosts Propaganda for Kim Jongil's Son b'BP is burning rare sea turtles alive, blocking efforts to save them' b'First female Prime Minister of Australia' b'Cashstrapped North Korea has demanded the United States pay almost $US65 trillion ($75 trillion) in compensation for six decades of hostility.nnLMAO...' b'How Canadian Heritage Minister Lied About Calling DMCA Critics Radical Extremists' b'Early Britons, 16,000 years ago, were cannibals, using sophisticated butchering techniques to strip flesh from the bones of men, women and children ' b'Why the Irish Support Palestine Once upon a time, Ireland was a huge supporter of Jewish aspirations in the Promised Land. What happened?' b'One reason why Israel is singled out for so much attention is because its supporters are so very vociferous, pushing their agenda at every opportunity...Another reason for my disproportionate interest in this conflict is that I feel I have been lied to' b'Why Palestinians are secondclass citizens in Lebanon' b'And this is why I sometimes give up hope on the human race. We love eating tuna, so we will kill the tuna.' b'European MPs to Israel Lift Gaza blockade completely' b'French Strike Over Plans to Raise Retirement Age' b'North Korean leader, Kim Jong Il, blamed for Cup loss' b'Police raid the headquarters of the Catholic Church in Belgium  police sources say church has been withholding information from its independent inquiry into sex abuse scandal.' b'Police raided the headquarters of the Belgian Catholic church following accusations of pedophilia involving Church figures' b'Venezuela says to nationalize 11 oil drills belonging to U.S. company, says minister' b'Kyrgyzstan Is the West worried enough?n' b'Report U.S. hikers seized by Iranian police in Iraqi territory ' b'For all those who dont know what BP did to Planet Earth.' ACTA treaty would interfere with citizens' fundamental rights and liberties, increase border searches and disconnect people from the Internet b'4 More British soldiers die, in Afghan crash' b'Spanish train kills 12 festival goers crossing the tracks near Barcelona. At least 13 others were injured.' b'Does Germany's savings plan threaten to disrupt the fragile economic recovery in Europe and elsewhere in the world? On Thursday morning, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she had rejected such criticism from US President Barack Obama. I don't think we should relent' b'Five Americans Found Guilty In Pakistan Of Terrorism' Israeli Prof Amitai Etzioni Urges Obama To Bomb Iran  He maintains that President Obama's attempts at dialogue have failed, and drastic steps must be taken to prevent the U.S. losing its Middle East dominance to Tehran. b'Belgian Catholic offices raided in sex abuse probe' b'Le Monde has run out of cash.  It will close in a few weeks. nn' Who here doesn't sympathize with G20 rioters destroying people's property?  b'G20 Riots break out in Toronto' I saw two officers hold a journalist. The journalist identified himself as working for 'the Guardian.' He talked too much and pissed the police off. Two officers held him a third punched him in the stomach. The man collapsed. Then the third officer drove his elbow into the man's back. b'The mainstream media is reframing and leaving out important information about the situation in Toronto during the G20. This is what is really going on.' b'The Mysterious World Cup Fans From North Korea' Video of Mark Webbers 190mph crash in today's Formula 1 race in Spain. Webber's car does somersault after hitting Heikki Kovalainen's Lotus. Both drivers OK b'Icelandic Prime minister Jhanna Sigurardttir marries her girlfriend' Iceland  Reporters Without Borders hails them as a 'pioneer' for media freedom, with the passage of the IMMI (Icelandic Modern Media Initiative) b'It is rotten luck to be a delicious animal in a land where people are hungry. ' b'MarieMonique Robin If Monsanto were a private person, it would be convicted as a great criminal, but current law protects the criminal companies, which are never held accountable for the damage they cause.' Joseph Stiglitz, the Nobel prizewinner who predicted the global crisis, delivers his verdict on the Chancellor Osborne's first Budget; says it will take the UK deeper into recession and hit millions  the poorest  badly b'Israeli Soldier Dances Around Handcuffed and Blindfolded Palestinian Woman' b'French strike over plans to raise retirement age' b'Iran  Mother of two to be stoned to death.' b'NY Times zionist terrorism during the Mandate of Palestine was romantic. This is the same time when Americans, British and other nationals were slaughtered by zionist terrorists.' b'Israeli foreign minister wants Palestinians stripped of citizenship and relocated' b'More strikes hit auto plants in China. In a continuing wave of unrest, strikes in auto parts suppliers this week halted production at major assembly plants owned by Toyota, Nissan and Honda in the southern province of Guangdong.' b'Iranian Woman convicted of having sex with two men who murdered her husband sentenced to death by stoning. Her children write letter distributed in nine languages in desperate bid to save her life' b'Article The members of the G8 are worried and believe absolutely that Israel will probably react preemptively, Berlusconi told reporters.  Headline G8 'fully believes' Israel will attack iran, says Italy PM. Spinning 101 get that headline right!' b'In Pictures  G20 Day of Protest' USIsraeli relations suffer 'tectonic rift'  b'Pakistan's Madrassa Myth; The Brookings Institute has released a new paper that suggests militancy is fueled by the poor state of the education system in the country, not the small number of madrassas in the country (the majority of which have no links to militant groups or their recruiting)' Iceland's openly gay prime minister gets married as new law allowing gay marriage takes effect. [w/ pics] Zimbabwe's streetchildren challenge the illusion of change  b'Iran says Egypt barring Gaza aid ship from canal'