 BodySlamming Piglets to Death is Humane, Big Food Lobby Claims  Harrowing video of  Canadian pig farm shows workers bodyslamming piglets into the floor, swinging them into metal posts & kicking them when they cant stand up.  Pork industry  says much on video is widely accepted practice.

 Pope Says Gay Marriage Poses A Threat To 'Justice And Peace' In World Day Of Peace 2013 Address Salvation Army volunteer tells gay rights supporters not to donate. Category 45 Hurricane Evan devastates Samoa, Fiji and is predicted to hit New Zealand on Friday Danes are the happiest people in the world. Once again, the US failed to make the top 10 list of happiest nations in the world, while all the Scandinavian nations did. They all have small stable populations. The US has the highest population growth rate of any industrialized nation. 
Secular Britain is ruled by religious bureaucrats Why is the church still such a force in our society when most of us disregard its clerics' teachings?
 In Turkey, there lives a mysterious minority known as the secret Armenians. They have been hiding in the open for nearly a century. Outwardly, they are Turks or Kurds, but the secret Armenians are actually descendants of the survivors of the 1915 Genocide, Music Industry Threatens to Bankrupt Pirate Party Members Syrian fighter jets bombed the Palestinian Yarmouk camp in Damascus on Sunday, killing at least 25 people sheltering in a mosque French actor, Gerard Depardieu, plans to give up his French citizenship after being insulted by the PM for wanting to move to Belgium for tax purposes China's Recent Trade Statistics Have Been Artificially Inflated An Afghan Mystery Why Are Large Shipments of Gold Leaving the Country? Free Syrian Army top commander killed in Syria's Aleppo Secrecy the Standard as Canada Enters TPP Talks 'The talks remain shrouded in secrecy, with a draft text that is confidential; public interest groups are largely banned from the venue where the negotiations are being held.' 
H&M comes under pressure to act on childlabour cotton Antislavery charity lobbies high street stores over links with clothing suppliers who buy from Uzbekistan
 Why North Korea Can't Count on China's Patronage Forever  Beijing's support for Pyongyang is at growing odds with its international responsibilities. Outdoor air pollution has been listed as one of the top ten killers in the world, with 65 percent of the air pollution deaths occurring in Asia and close to quarter of this in India British Columbia's Path to Marijuana Legalization European Court of Human Rights rules in former CIA detainee's favor 
Rendition, Zero Dark Thirty and the brutal reality of Britain's secret services Japan's conservative LDP back in power with twothirds majority File Sharing Lawsuits Could Lead to Clogged Courts as Canadians Rely on New Liability Caps '.. a Montrealbased company has captured data on one million Canadians who it says have engaged in unauthorized file sharing.' UN Concerned Over Egyptian Womens Rights in Proposed Constitution  Very few women were involved in drafting the constitution. Womens perspectives were grossly underrepresented in the final draft.  Womens right to equality can't be justified by religious or cultural tradition. Iran's army chief of staff warned NATO on Saturday that stationing Patriot antimissile batteries on Turkey's border with Syria was setting the stage for world war. People in Japan are voting in a general election, where former leader Shinzo Abe is challenging the current Prime Minister, Yoshihiko Noda. Turkish Prime Minister Turkish navy will escort any aid vessel to Gaza. Vancouver lawyer Gail Davidson seeks Dick Cheney's arrest  The cofounder of the Lawyers Against the War wants Canada either to bar the [Cheney] from entering the country or, if hes allowed in, to arrest and prosecute him for torture, war offences, and crimes against humanity. An 85yearold World War II veteran who was jailed for six months in July for recording court proceedings with a trick pen has been freed by the Court of Appeal Magnitude 6.7 Quake Hits Vancouver Island, Canada Natoled forces killed BBC reporter in Afghanistan A U.S. military plane was forced down by a North Korean electronic attack in March Food Emergency How the World Bank & IMF Have Made African Famine Inevitable  
Lending policies pushed by the World Bank & IMF transformed a selfsufficient, foodproducing Africa into a continent vulnerable to food emergencies & famine  Australopithecus sediba skeletons found at the Cradle of Humankind site in South Africa are dated at 2 million years old, suggesting that the hominid species could be a missing link between apes and humans.  European Union tells Turkey to back off Turkish forces to escort aid to Gaza. Red Alert arrest warrant for Colonel Gaddafi and his son Saif AlIslam issued by Interpol In Shift, Irans President Calls for End to Syrian Crackdown President Ahmadinejad of Iran became the most recent, and perhaps the most unexpected, world leader to call for President Assad to end his violent crackdown of an uprising challenging his authoritarian rule in Syria.  Gaddafi forces threw detainees in metal containers with little water and air on a brutally hot day, and refused to let them out despite cries for help. 19 Suffocated Miss Colombia admonished for not wearing underwear Germany The state of MecklenburgWestern Pomerania has allowed neoNazism to fester in its rural areas by neglecting the needs of local people and failing to confront xenophobia headon Russia pins Soyuz failure to production line defect AntiIsrael sentiment high in Egypt But now, some Egyptians are also turning on their own governments handling of the diplomatic row. 
 S&P raises Israel's credit rating from A to A+  Francs for nothing The Swiss drive down the value of their currency WikiLeaks cables reveal Australian 'middle power diplomacy' on green issues  
Documents show a country under Kevin Rudd pulled in different directions by the US, China & Japan HeatSeeking Missiles Are Missing From Libyan Arms 
Stockpile  NYTimes.com The European Central Bank's chief economist has resigned. Jrgen Stark's decision to step down was reportedly due to a disagreement over the bank's policy of buying up EU sovereign debt to try to calm the markets. Fukushima nuclear disaster PM at the time feared Japan would collapse  
Naoto Kan said that Tepco considered abandoning plant after it was hit by tsunami Abbas urged to reconsider Palestinian statehood bid Abbas says Palestinian statehood recognition request reaches point of no return. China to build world's biggest airport The lifetime ban on blood donations by homosexual and bisexual men will be lifted in England, Scotland and Wales Former head of MI5 (British intelligence) Torture is never right, even when lives are at risk and waterboarding by the US was a profound mistake The Palestinians have officially launched their bid to join the United Nations as a full member state, saying they will stage a series of peaceful events ahead of the annual meeting of the UN General Assembly later this month Italy grinds to a halt as THREE million strike over austerity package. .xxx domain suffix introduced in order to promote a responsible approach to adult content. Fortyseven percent of rich Chinese considering emigrating from China to protect their assets An Iraqi man died after suffering an appalling episode of serious gratuitous violence in a very serious breach of discipline by UK soldiers, a yearlong inquiry has found. South African murder rate dropped by 6.5% in 2010/2011,now *only* 15940 murders per year. United Nations The pursuit of austerity measures and deficit cuts is pushing the world economy toward disaster in a misguided attempt to please global financial markets The future for Kiribati, a lowlying Pacific nation threatened by rising seas, is so dire that the government is contemplating relocating the entire population to manmade islands resembling giant oil rigs Saab bankruptcy likely 'in days' In Fukushima, students face up to realities of nuclear disaster British Police Found Not Guilty in Kettling Children Did you know the civil war in Sudan did not end with the South's independence?  Two Sudanese states that fought on the South's side are part of the north state, and war is spreading through both of them now. Sarkozy administration, apparently, as part of a telecom bill in France, has added a clause that forces all French ISPs to have clauses concerning copyright infringement in their terms of service, which also force ISPs to ignore some basic principles of net neutrality The Swiss village of Lauterbrunnen is a magnet for thrill seekers looking to take part in the dangerous extreme sport of BASE jumping. In high season, they can be seen plummeting down through the air every minute or so. But a series of deaths has outraged locals. India, Mongolia Foster Closer Defense Ties Due to China's Growing Military Power Abuse and murder of Iraqi by British army 'appalling'  Europe  Al Jazeera English HeatSeeking Missiles Are Missing From Libyan Arms Stockpile Two men were arrested in Berlin on suspicion of planning a terrorist attack, after the police tracked their purchases of bombmaking materials Big Sucking Sound in Burma is China's Resource Grab Wikileaks Taiwan suggested possible deal with China  Taiwan's president said China could offer to eliminate missiles targeting the island in exchange for a US pledge to stop selling weapons to his government. Fitch Ratings said Thursday that China's credit risk has increased because local governments have become heavily indebted, with a lack of disclosure by financial institutions compounding the problem. Anders Breivik's manifesto reveals a subculture of nationalistic and Islamophobic websites that link the European and American far right in a paranoid alliance against Islam. Syrian forces pound city; Arab League is turned away China shuts down stock market after 15 min 7% loss. Armed suspect shot dead after trying to storm Paris police station Oil price falls below $35 a barrel to fresh 11year low Germans outraged by mayors advice for women after raft of harassment German public broadcaster ZDF has apologised for delays in reporting on a wave of sexual assaults blamed on men of Arab appearance amid accusations Wednesday of media selfcensorship of the inflammatory issue. Iran accuses Saudis of bombing their embassy in Sana'a, Yemen Protesters demand Canada cancel $15B Saudi contract 'Snooper's charter' will cost British lives, MPs to be warned | Former NSA security chiefturnedwhistleblower says plan for bulk collection of communications data is 99% useless Islamic scholars from Malaysia and Indonesia issue a fatwa against poachers, declaring wildlife poaching a sin Turkish workshop employs Syrian minors to produce fake life jackets that often absorb water and drag the user down 100 murdered Christians who were gangraped, disemboweled or burned alive when they refused to convert to Hindus could be canonised by the Pope South Korea to restart propaganda loudspeakers on North's border Egypt asks Israel to keep Turkey away from Gaza Reducing sugar content in sugarsweetened drinks by 40 percent over 5 years could prevent 1.5 million cases of overweight and obesity in the UK and 300,000 cases of diabetes Scientists Discover Meteorite 'Older Than Earth Itself' in Australian Outback Rio Olympic stadium has no water or electricity because of unpaid bills. Saudiled air strikes in Yemen hit centre for blind people Truck bomb kills 65 at Libyan police training center Israeli Tourists on Tour Bus Attacked by Masked Gunmen at Cairo Hotel Israel and China have signed a document of understandings expanding their cooperation in energy technology research and development, including the establishment of funds for renewable energy Donald Trump threatens to pull 700m investment from Scotland Israel busts Hamas terror cell planning abduction and murder A working hospital in central China was demolished by force this morning, doctors and patients inside were nearly buried. Paris to close Champs Elysees to cars one Sunday a month TransCanada Corp files US$15billion lawsuit against U.S. government for rejecting Keystone XL b'Portal to Maya Underworld Found in Mexico?' b'Boeing 737 Passenger jet crashes in Kyrgyzstan' UK town councils accused of spying on residents' sex lives b'Ten Year Old Locked In Iron Cage for Giving Falun Gong Brochure ' b'Gerhard Schroeder has been told he should keep his mouth shut after appearing to support Russia's invasion of Georgia. ' b'US warship docks in Georgia port' b'$50 million per medal' b'The Georgia Fiasco and the Military Industrial Complex' b'Pirates attack Iranian ships sailors held hostage! ' b'Former Aussie PM Lasting peace depends on a new world order' Afghan president 'pardoned rapists' New China? Bird's Nest replaces Mao on yuan Afghanistan's Helmand province yields a bumper opium harvest b'SCO vs NATO, WWIII?' Pakistan's ruling coalition on verge of collapse b'Iraqis desperate for water. ' b'John Pilger  Freedom Next Time' b'Activist boats reach Gaza Strip' Peace ships break through Israel's blockade of Gaza. b'The New Rulers of The World by John Pilger' b'The Georgian military felt there was only a low probability of a massive Russian counterattack, despite the bloody way in which Russia destroyed Chechnya' b' Baghdad bombs kill 4 and wound 15' b'Huge fire as Georgian train hits landmine' b'Pressure grows on Nicolas Sarkozy for Afghanistan pullout' b'The Death of a Pop Princess' N Korea's Kim died in 2003; replaced by lookalike, says Waseda professor b'Secret prison on Diego Garcia confirmed' b'Israel claims allowing an aid ship to reach Palestine is a dangerous precedent & will use deadly force, a response out of proportion to the threat. What dangerous precedent could this create?' b'Pedophile attempts to assault and kidnap child; Mother beats pedophile on head with pipe.  Nobody upset.' b'Wealthy Mexicans, terrified of soaring kidnapping rates, are spending thousands of dollars to implant tiny transmitters under their skin' b'If the weapon states are not prepared to rid themselves of nuclear weapons, why would other states continue to deny themselves the kind of leverage that these weapons bring?' b'Israeli Report Guards regularly abuse inmates' Flashback Naked, drunk, surrounded by sex toys  it's the Israeli ambassador b'Russia to recognize Georgia rebel regions!' b'Iraqi Teenage Girl Wearing Explosives Turns Self in to Police' Iceland's Armed Forces Unveils MechaBjrk [PIC] b'Swiss engineers, a nuclear black market and the CIA' b' Israel releases 198 Palestinian prisoners' b'Let's rewrite history   A new historical concept  Stalin's terror was a development tool' b'The Puppet Masters Behind Georgia President Saakashvili ' Gold Farming Comparable In $$ To India's Entire Outsourcing Industry SHOCK! Amsterdam's Smoking Ban Doesn't Apply to Weed... b'Refugee camp in Darfur under direct attack' b'2008 Globally the Coldest Year of the Century So Far' b'Mosab Hassan Yousef, son of Hamas leader, becomes a Christian ' b'Victims Of Nigerian Scams Giving Nigeria A Bad Name Claims Nigerian Official' b'Russia accused of violating ceasefire deal' b'Four killed in Kashmir protests' b'When Islamic terrorist organization donates...' UK child protection database 'will be used to prosecute young people' b'North Korea halts denuclearisation after US fails to remove them from list of states sponsoring terrorism.' b'60 Children Among Dead in US Airstrike in Afghanistan' b'The Russian Parliament has voted overwhelmingly to officially recognize the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia' b'Violent animal rights activists set fire to scientist home  very little protection available for scientists' b'NBC censored that Olympic champion, Matthew Mitcham, is gay' b'UN says convincing evidence shows US airstrike in Afghanistan killed 90 people, including 60 children' b'Italy tries to outlaw Islam' b'Mystery virus kills 160' b'Israeli group Peace Now says settlement construction in the occupied West Bank has nearly doubled since last year' Revealed Britain's secret propaganda war against alQaida b' Israel settlement surge draws Rice criticism' b'Solar Powered, Carbon Neutral Pyramid to House 1 Million People in Dubai' b'Russia claims Proof of Genocide' b'How NATO transformed from a military alliance into a quasiUnited Nations' b'Cartwheeling Banned in School' b'Phillyarea activists released by China; Jeff said he was slapped around and threatend, with them saying, Do you want your head cut off or do you want to be shot?' Vatican describes Hindu attack on Christian orphanage as a 'sin against God' b'Protesters tell tales of Beijing detention sleep deprivation, threats oh my' b'Python kills zookeeper' b'Kelly was Murdered Says UK Intelligence Insider' Fury as image of Myra Hindley appears in 'Best of British' film at 2012 Olympics party b' North Korea to suspend nuclear disablement' b'Germans suspect Bayer pesticide in beehive collapse' b'Research on terrorism is invaluable  but we do it under fear of arrest' b'Top US diplomat escapes gun attack in Pakistan' Reports of sexual assaults on women across European cities, including Cologne, Hamburg, Zrich, Salzburg, Helsinki during NYE festivities Shelter forcibly converted children to Christianity, raided by police Emmanuel Group in India. Busted by police.Children hung from wrists ,starved and beaten for failing to recite Bible passages post conversion Iran Has Banned Its Citizens from Making Pilgrimages to Mecca Gaddafi warned Blair his ousting would 'open door' to jihadis. They want to control the Mediterranean and then they will attack Europe. A Turkish firm has been selling fake life vests  they soak up water  for refugees at sea German minister says deportations possible in Cologne sexualassault case Mao statue in China 'pulled down by authorities' after 120ft gold giant is mocked online A poacherhunting dog in South Africa has been awarded a medal for his heroic work in helping save endangered rhinos. K9 Killer's tracking skills have led to the arrest of 115 poachers in Kruger National Park over the last four years. Police 'used terror powers to spy on officers blowing whistle on racism' | Exclusive Cleveland constabulary faces claims it used officers' confidential emails to defend against employment cases Iran Bans All Imports from Saudi Arabia UK has sold $8bn of arms to Saudi Arabia in five years Report Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico says migrants can't be integrated U.S. Tells China That Soft Approach to North Korea Has Failed 5,300yearold Iceman had the stomach bug that causes ulcers; also had arthritis, spinal damage, tooth decay, and lactose intolerance, but died from a murderous arrow wound to the shoulder New Jihadi John milked the benefit system before leaving to join ISIS Charlie Hebdo anniversary freespeech groups unite in defence of 'right to offend'. PEN International leads organisations around the world calling for awareness of intense repression of writers and increased government surveillance in wake of atrocity Polish president signs bill putting state media under government control Mein Kampf hits stores in tense Germany Morocco Bans WhatsApp, Skype, Viber and Other Services Providing Mobile Internet Calls The UN library announced its mostcheckedout book of 2015 Immunity of Heads of State and State Officials for International Crimes One third of the worlds freshwater fish are at risk if dozens of large hydroelectric dams are built in the Amazon, Congo and Mekong basins, aquatic ecologists have warned. Nuclear weapons risk greater than in cold war, says exPentagon chief.The probability of a nuclear calamity is higher today, I believe, that it was during the cold war, Perry said. A new danger has been rising in the past three years North Korea Claims That It Tested the HBomb of Justice UK  DWP told woman she was not ill enough for benefit on day she died Venezuela's new parliament removes pictures of Hugo Chavez b'Dear United States, Please stop selling North Korea nuclear material. Thanks. Rest of the world.' b'Thousands Protest in Hong Kong to Mark Tiananmen Anniversary' b'Bomb found, defused aboard Iranian jet ' French gov't report charge religious cults  including Jehovah's Witnesses, Scientology, Mormons  with having a growing influence in the United Nations b'How GM seeds (Bt GM wonder seeds with customized herbicides) killed more Indians than World War II' b'Berlusconi tries to block publication of photos of topless young women taken at his villa' b'Convicted killer beheaded, put on display in Saudi Arabia  CNN.com' b'Why Are They Trying To Gag A Top British Science Writer?' b'The most authoritative map of North Korea on Google Earth' b'North West England is the last hope of the BNP getting a Euro MP . One candidate there states his hobbies as devising slow and terrible ways of paying back the Guardianreading cunts who have betrayed the British people into poverty and slavery. I AM NOT JOKING.' b'Conference Board of Canada admits that its publicly funded, plagiarized, biased copyright research is junk' b'Dying man cashes in by not cashing in his chips'  After Tiananmen, China dissidents bide time against Party.  Instead of crumbling, China's Communist Party has strengthened its hold on power since the crackdown on prodemocracy protesters. b'As the gory details of what the Tamil population of northern Sri Lanka have been subjected in recent weeks emerge  bit by bloody bit  there is need for a full accounting of every act of barbarity committed against them by the Sri Lankan government.' Italy's Berlusconi blocks publication of party photos Israeli Arabs defiant on 'loyalty laws' plan b'An Egyptian Cabinet minister who offered to burn Hebrew books last year enters the final straight as favourite for leadership of Unesco' b'Palestine vs Palestine Six Palestinians die in shootout between Hamas and Fatah' b'Senior Labour MPs have discussed defecting to the Liberal Democrats if the party loses the election.' b'Oops... Iraqi Trade Minister is corrupt and nonrepresentative..  Arrested while trying to flee the country from charges of embezzlement and fraud. There are arrest warrants for 997 officials from various government offices, in addition to 387 warrants already served. ' Tamil children as young as 11 were forced at gunpoint to fight for the Tigers in Sri Lanka's civil war. Survivors talk of their ordeal. Record numbers of Britons are queueing up for assisted suicide at Swiss clinic; Lords will hear plea to overturn law that criminalises anyone who aids, abets, counsels or procures someone else's suicide b'The BNP legal adviser Lee Barnes  The beating of Rodney King still makes me laugh. ...merely a reflection of his belief that the police should have more powers to punish perpetrators of crime by giving them a good thrashing.' b'The war on women in Darfur' b'This is not the first time caste tensions in India burst into bloody violence in Europe. Similar incidents have happened in the United Kingdom and even in the United States' b'Nazis unwind at Auschwitz. Reminder Ordinary people were capable of the atrocities there' b'British town of Luton, members of the Muslim community confronted extremists and drove them from the streets.' b'Israeli Spy Networks in Lebanon are Falling Apart A Major Strategic Blow To Israel. ' b'Russia begins destroying Cold War WMDs.  New $1.45billion facility in Siberia will eliminate huge stockpile of chemical weapons.' b'Time lapse videos of the Earth impacted by human driven change' b'Saudi Arabia puts executed man on a cross for display' b'US slams recent attacks in Iran, but the group responsible for it has ties to US ...' Pakistan army 'regains' Swat city b'Russian human rights activist seeks asylum in Finland' b'Now Germany is cracking down on executive pay too' b'North Korea believed to be preparing for ICBM launch source' b'I thought I was helping the state of Israel without harming the United States.' b'Hundreds of demonstrators were trussed and tossed into trucks, where 85 died of suffocation' Slumdog stars 'to get new homes' b'Amnesty International Report 2009 Middle East And North Africa (note what it says about Gaza)' b'North Korea could opt for devastating land assault  ' b'The Wall of sound is going to be quiet for 19 years..' b'Irans Presidential Elections The HardLiners in a Panic' b'Berlusconi Moves to Block Publication of Photos' b'Iran executes trio for mosque bombing' b'Iran blames US for preelection violence' US 'Dilettantism' in Opel Negotiations? b'Malaria vaccine trial begins in Africa on 16,000 people' Video films made by the Taliban in Pakistan's troubled Swat valley show teenage boys being groomed as suicide bombers for revenge attacks against local security forces b'In pictures China spouse market' b'Syria says its ready to put a Russian missile system on its soil as a counterweight to U.S. plans to deploy a missile shield in Poland and the Czech Republic' b'Superclass new book  over the past several decades a global elite has emerged whose connections to each other have become more significant than their ties to their home nations and governments.' b'Georgia did not believe Russia would respond to its offensive in South Ossetia and was completely unprepared for the counterattack, the deputy defence minister has admitted.' b'Ossetian leader admits conducting ethnic cleansing' b'Report Push for Iraq War Preceded Intelligence FIndings' Russia Capitalizes on Bush's New World Disorder b'Americans including James Powerderly arrested at Olympics as China Clamp Downs on ProTibetan Groups' b'Prohibited Places FOIA request refused by UK Ministry of Justice on the grounds of cost / time' b'An acute water shortage in the West Bank has become so severe that most families are too poor to buy water' b'Australian Privacy Awareness Week' b'British Government Stole a Entire Island and Gave it to the U.S. ' b'Son of leading Iraqi Sunni politician charged with planting a bomb in a house belonging to a Shiite family' b'How educational is a Chinese reeducation camp? Not very.' b'peacekeeping troops with armoured cars and helicopters would remain inside Georgia for the foreseeable future' It's Something About Denmark Why Danes Are the World's Happiest People b'The Chinese Women Gymnasts May Lose Their Gold Medals' b' U.S.led coalition kills 76 Afghan civilians' b'China to Overtake UK on Renewable Energy Production' Pakistan's Ruling Party Nominates Slain Bhutto's Husband for President b'Three men held in terror probe linked to threats to kill Gordon Brown' b' The U.S. hands over military secrets  to Moscow' b'Fire Marshal Handcuffs Woman for Swearing' b'UK economy comes to a standstill ' b'26 year old boy discovered The Meaning of Life' b'Olympics Medal time line 1896 at 2008  ' Olympics Athletes' Village Is a 'SexFest'  b'Hes easily the most hated man in Toronto. What exactly was he planning to do with 2,865 bicycles?' b'US kills 70+ civilians in Afghanistan... this is not how you win hearts and minds against the Taliban.' b'Company that lost computer stick with data of 84,000 prisoners gets new 240million government contract' b'Olmert threatened Syria that Israel will destroy any weapons they buy from Russia telling the Syrians that it would be a loss for Syria to pay money for arms that Israel will work to destroy.' b'Drug companies accused of spending millions on conference trips for doctors ' b'Deconstructing Brzezinskis Russia' b'British motheroftwo faces being 'detained without trial in China after participating in Free Tibet protest' LAOS  Film Reveals CIA's 'Most Secret Place on Earth' b'A tragic waste of a young life ' Remember that little 'earthquake' in China nobody seems to mention anymore? (pics) ISI, Pakistan's 'rogue' military intelligence agency b' Long wait for Spain crash answers' b'Rockets, guile and the lessons of history the Taleban besiege Kabul' b'Extras hired to form a line for iPhone launch in Poland' Banks 'use credit crunch to milk borrowers of 3bn' b'Iraq 5 Years on The Killing Fields' b'Village Officials Say Scores of Civilians Died in USAfghan Attack' b'Poking The Bear With A Blunt Stick' b'Italy puts Moroccan MP under house arrest pending appeal' b'Why did a heatseeking helicopter fly over the exact spot where David Kellys body was found  and detect nothing?' UK spooks forced to hand Gitmo files to suspect's lawyers b'Foreign journalists abducted in Somalia' Because One of McCain's Ranches Includes SIX HOMES, Does It Count Only As One House?  What About Two Condos Combined Into a Single 6,000 Sq. Ft. Palace? b'The Bin Laden Bridge A Vision to Connect Africa and Asia' China has overtaken Japan to become the world's secondbiggest economy Venezuela's Chavez threatened to expel Toyota unless it produces an allterrain 4x4 vehicles for public transport in poor and rural areas b'Why was he ever allowed to fly? Syringe bomber had been barred from Britain, was on a terror list and even his father had warned U.S.' b'Iran protests leave nine dead, reports claim' b'Knut Haugland, the last surviving member of the 1947 KonTiki raft expedition, has died in Norway.' b'National Iranian Armed Resistance Forces (NIRU) declares their existance in Iran  Statement' Iranian Opposition Website Mousavi's Nephew reported 'killed' in violent clashes in Tehran. b'Iranian town tries to save protestors from being hanged, are shot at by Iranian Regime' b'Deaths reported in Iran clashes' b'The Detroit airplane bomber and the shoe bomber both used PETN in their attempts. Would it have worked or are these wannabes terrorists that are good for media ratings?' b'28yo man from US crosses border to North Korea on Christmas Day to raise attention on North Korean human rights' b'More on the protests breaking out all over Iran.' b'UN Human Rights expert Richard Falk urges the US and its European allies to threaten Israel with economic sanctions if it does not immediately end its illegal blockade of Gaza' b'Sergei Magnitsky was our attorney who died under excruciating circumstances in a Moscow pretrial detention center. His story is one of extraordinary bravery and heroism, and ultimately tragedy. It is also a story about how Stalinism and the gulags are alive and well in Russia today.' b'I'm dying, he told himself, because when you  cough blood, it's something really bad.' b'Brazil Aims to Prevent Land Grabs in Amazon ' b'30 Years Ago The Afghan Coup Which Stands At The Beginning Of 30 Years Of War And Chaos In Which We Are Involved Right Now!' b'Mexican State Legislatures Make Abortion Illegal' Afghanistan's wild, wild west  View from a place where most Afghans feel stuck between the Taliban and U.S. troops. Pressure mounted on Tiwari to quit after the tape allegedly showing him in bed with three women was broadcast Friday, prompting the opposition and women's right groups to hold street protests in Hyderabad, the state capital, demanding his resignation. b'Who is this Nigerian guy who tried to blow up a plane in Detroit? A privileged, dream student.' b'Is it too hard to use the Convoy system like in WW2' Family of London man, condemned to death in China for drug smuggling, 'plea for compassion' b'Origami aeroplane association enthusiast sets flight record ' b'Mexico weighs options as lawlessness continues to grip Ciudad Juarez ' Military help for Georgia is a 'declaration of war', says Moscow b'Western Media Mislead Public on GeorgiaRussia Conflict [VIDEO]' b'Conservative foreign affairs magazine the US should cooperate with Iran on energy to balance Russian influence' b' Dalai Lama admitted to hospital' British journalism student gangraped by asylum seekers in Calais squatter camp they call 'The Jungle' Russia Military help for Georgia is a 'declaration of war' b'Airline removes life vests to lower weight  save on fuel' b'In Defiance of the US, Israel Pushes Ahead with Settlement Expansion' b'Test of Russian New Long Range TOPOL Missile That Evades Defensive Antimissile Defense Systems Successfully Done' b'Russia wins backing from China and Central Asia over Georgia' Baby's life saved by email b'Diplomat Russia plans to raise navy presence in Syria' b'Embarrasing Public Rift in US State Department Sparks International Furor' b'Russia Texan may have been helping Georgia' b'Germany  Man Arrested for Kidnapping Daughter to Stop Marriage to NonMuslim' b'Relief agencies criticize US military humanitarians' b'The History Channel For Adults ' b'Poor struggle as rat meat prices soar' b'Iran condemned for surge of youth hangings' b'The Economist is now publishing antiRussia propaganda.' b'British paedophiles can opt for chemical castration.' b'Two headed baby dies in Bangladesh after developing breathnig complications' Pentagon OK's Missile Sale to Taiwan b'Poti the hottest place in the new cold war ' b'Disabled Russian Journalist Jailed for Beating Cops' b'Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has accused the US of provoking the conflict in Georgia, possibly for domestic election purposes. ' b'who is Michael Lee White, a resident of Houston, born in 1967?' Georgia has decided to cut diplomatic ties with Russia, days after Moscow recognised the independence of Georgia's two breakaway regions. Mexico City's abortionrights law is upheld b'Things are getting rough south of the border. Mexicans are chipping themselves, using GPS tracking and bulletproofing everything for security purposes.' b'Bosnia Overcomes Ancient Ethnic and Religious Divisions to Unite in Anger Against Gay Festival' b'Guerrilla Gardening Vigilante Green Thumbs Illegally Plant in Public Places' b'Dwindling Army Applications Afghanistan Puts Germans Off Military Career' India's Floods a Manmade Disaster? b'UK Private security workers and local government officials have police powers to stop and fine people for littering, dog crap, and other minor offenses!' b'11 headless bodies discovered by Mexican farmer in Yucatan' b'Putin U.S. Created Georgia Conflict' S Ossetia 'will become Russian' b'U.S. Citizen A Georgian Commando' b'Return of the apartheid party (In South Africa)' b' Somali pirates a growing threat to shipping' b'Sadr Announces Suspension of Mahdi Army Indefinitely'  Iraq's Palestinians still live in fear b'Russia to sign accord for bases in South Ossetia report' b'Hugo Chavez supports independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia' China refuses to endorse Russia's move on Goergian Seperatists b'Source Israel ready to stop Iranian nukes' b'A blogger takes office in Malaysia' b'Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan Karadzic refused to enter a plea Friday before the UN war crimes tribunal, which he dismissed as a court of NATO.' b'Cuba to try antiCastro punk rocker Gorki Aguila ' A freestanding, wastetrapping floating dam could revolutionize ocean cleanup. In a few months a giant floating dam in the form of a 100 metre long barrier segment will be set up in the North Sea off the coast of The Netherlands. Its ambition to cleanse the worlds oceans of plastic forever. Today China begins its 2child policy Fire engulfs 63story Dubai hotel near world's tallest building Turkish politician jailed for almost three years after 'insulting president Erdogan on Twitter' Munich police warn of terror threat  Ask people to avoid crowds SpaceX's first reusable rocket is back in its hangar ISIS are preparing for a final battle against the West over loss of key towns Kabul bomb Huge blast targets French restaurant popular with ex pats on New Year's Day in Afghanistan capital Poachers using science papers to target newly discovered species  Journals begin withholding locations after warnings the data is helping smugglers drive lizards, snakes & frogs to nearextinction Russia starts delivery of S300 missile systems to Iran Dubai bought 20 jetpacks to battle skyscraper fires  but they won't arrive until 2016 Japanese research team earns right to name Element 113 Nepalese women trafficked to Syria and forced to work as maids Unscrupulous agents lure women into conflict zones with promises of employment abroad only to leave them working long hours for little or no pay. Britain's Crosby flap has developed into a national cringe over its royal honours system, which is being denounced as borderline corrupt cronyism that rewards friends and donors to the Conservative party. Dubai New Year's fireworks will go on despite blaze Official Merkel thanks Germans for helping 1 million refugees.Thank you for the overwhelming and really moving wave of spontaneous helpfulness that we experienced this year China arrests 11 for deadly landslide, death toll now 12 Unearthing Roman 'nerve centre' in Spain  Archaeologists begin uncovering remains of what could be one of the most important Roman settlements in Spain, under town of Jimena de la Frontera. Drawings reveal some of the most significant & virtually untouched Roman remains in the region. China, the worlds biggest clean energy investor, plans to increase wind and solar power capacity by more than 21 percent next year as it works to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by cutting its reliance on coal Pope Now's the time to end indifference, 'false neutrality' Russian President Vladimir Putin has endorsed a new security strategy, which points to NATO expansion as a threat to the country. Kim Jongun Talks of Reconciliation in New Years Speech Terror bombing at Eilat hotel thwarted Remains of over 4,500yrsold shepherd's hut found on Google Earth in South Wales Argus  A man was looking for signs of a WWI firing range when something else caught his eye. The landowner knew of the site but had been told it was of no importance. Voice of the Caliphate radio broadcasts antiTaliban propaganda in Afghanistan Calls for a ban on helium balloons as world shortage worsens.   Costa Rica Bans Hunting as a Sport  

With 25% of its land protected as reserves, it becomes 1st Latin American country to ban hunting British deputy prime minister says he will block plans to give police and intelligence services powers to monitor all internet use Eighth Tibetan under 18 sets self on fire to protest Chinese occupation of Tibet. Ninety Tibetans have selfimmolated since February 2009. Norway wants to ban commercials for candy and other unhealthy food Google parks $10 billion in Bermuda, avoiding $2 billion in taxes The First Arrests Have Been Made in the LIBOR Manipulation Case  Dying girl now cancerfree after 'breakthrough' AIDS virus experiment. Chinese Want to Know Why Their News is on Twitter & They Aren't  
Chinese internet users miffed after learning Communist Party's official news service has its own Twitter account, even though Twitter is supposed to be banned in China Israel raids 3 Palestinian NGO offices This a message by the Israelis to the Palestinians, saying that when they take decisions or form patriotic organizations to seek their freedom, the occupation will use aggression to try and stop us. 2011 UK census shows rise in foreign born residents. 45% of Londoners are white British, down from 58% in 2001. What Great Helium Shortage?  Forbes Oldest Pharaoh Carvings Discovered in Egypt. The scenes place the age of the carvings between 3200 B.C. and 3100 B.C., researchers report in the December issue of the journal Antiquity. During that time, Egypt was transitioning into the dynastic rule of the pharaohs. Syrian Rebels force a child to behead an unarmed civilian.  Queensland medical centre hacked by Russian cyber criminals, records encrypted, and ransom demanded. Islamist supporters of Mohamed Morsi detained and beat dozens of his critics last week, in a move that may undermine the Egyptian presidents credibility. David Cameron rejects call for royal commission on drugs  British Prime minister rules out home affairs committee's proposal, arguing that drugs policies are already working Actor Depardieu bids adieu to France to avoid taxes French teacher suspended over 'suicide assignment'. 'The pupils, aged between 13 and 14, were told to imagine reasons for wanting to end their lives and describe their selfdisgust' Number of jailed journalists sets global record  Syrians Create A Secular, Democratic Village in Liberated City, Hope their example will set a model Election phone calls challenge hits Federal Court (Canada) Radical Syrian rebel group is about to be declared a terrorist organization. Dutch blasphemy law to fall and Irish one may follow Magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes Banda Sea, Indonesia. Gunmen kill senior womens activist in Afghanistan  Nelson Mandela 'has stopped talking',  amid a troubling deterioration in his condition China Appears Set to Become World's Next Rust Belt  Just 2 yrs after China overtook US to become worlds biggest manufacturer, its competitive advantages are eroding & factories closing. And there's little Beijing can do to arrest the slide.  Japan falls into recession  Strong yen and diplomatic row with major trade partner China have harmed Japan's economy North Korean Internet a brief look into Dictatorship. Senior al Qaeda leader killed in Pakistan Sheikh Khalid bin Abdel Rehman, al Qaeda's #2, was killed in a drone strike Thursday Hitler has a following in India Mein Kampf is a bestseller ... In 2006 a cafe called Hitler's Cross opened in Mumbai; in 2011 a pool hall named Hitler's Den opened nearby in Nagpu ... A soap opera, Hitler Didior 'big sister Hitler'is a hit.  Atheists around world suffer persecution, discrimination report
| Reuters Venezuela Abolishes Entrance Visas for Palestinians The Government tonight ruled out any shift in drugs policy despite a damning report by an influential group of MPs which said Britain was failing to tackle drug barons or the multibillion pound global profits of their illegal trade.  UAE authorities 'detain 18yearold blogger'  India MPs in parliament uproar over Walmart lobbying Spain arrests 28 people suspected of links to Torontobased child porn ring Tibetan monk arrested for inciting selfimmolation  Chinese state media blames deaths on instructions from Dalai Lama Garlic smuggler flees conviction for 2m ginger fraud They had told customs officials that thousands of tons of garlic were, in fact, fresh ginger, which is untaxed. Britain launches genome database for patients' DNA. Up to 100,000 Britons suffering from cancer and rare diseases are to have their genetic codes fully sequenced and mapped as part of government plans to build a DNA database to boost drug discovery and development. Singer Jenni Rivera is missing after a plane she was flying in lost contact with air traffic controllers in Mexico  Syria's endgame in sight as rebels advance Austeritystruck Paris [France] has been hit by a wave of street muggings and grave robberies with thieves prepared to exhume bodies to steal gold and jewellery. Virgin pulls ads that make light of rape. Syria rebels homemade tank With Playstation Controller  Business Insider German cabinet decides to send troops to TurkeySyria border Nigerian finance minister's mother kidnapped Nigerian finance minister's mother kidnapped Sheik Khalid Bin Abdel Rehman AlHussainan Dead Al Qaeda Leader Killed By U.S. Drone In Pakistan's Tribal Regions b'Sounds of Silence  Islamic countries have found the ideal forum to muzzle free speech the U.N. ' b'Chinese people now classified as black' b'AP shocked Iran sentenced 177 juveniles to death during the past decade...ignores the fact that the US currently has 78 juveniles on death row' b'European Union agrees to lift sanctions on Cuba' b'Finally, the U.S. MegaBases in Iraq Make the News' b'House Resolution Calls for Naval Blockade against Iran' b'Amnesty More than 1,000 unaccounted for in Tibet after demonstrations against Chinese rule' b'Fragile ceasefire begins between Israel and Hamas but Islamic Jihad fires 40 rockets and mortars from Gaza' b'Four oil giants to return to Iraq Exxon Mobil, Shell, Total and BP' b'Latest Canadian foot was a hoax' b'Onethird of people shot by Taser need medical attention' b'Japanese warship on first postwar China visit' b'Swiss TV in German anthem blunder' b'World Population to Hit 7 Billion in 2012 But Growth Slowing' b'Egyptian troops keep murdering African refugees ' b'ExState Dept. official Hundreds of detainees died in U.S. custody in Afghanistan, Iraq, Gitmo, Etc., at least 25 murdered' Nigerian rebels attack deepwater oil facility, stopping 10% of Nigeria's oil output. They also capture US Capt. Jack Stone of a Tidex oil ship.  b'UK is the world largest arms dealer. Suck it USA' b'Mexico freezes prices on 150 food items becouse of rising inflation and civil discontent' b'Hundreds of Taliban killed in Afghan battle Kandahar governor' b'The young men were told the winter camping trip was part of a Muslim religious retreat, not a terror training exercise as the Crown has alleged in documents submitted to court' b'UK and Danish Rules of Engagement for Iraq 2006  Wikileaks' b'The Chinese have over $1.5 trillion in U.S. dollar reserves, and when China talks, the U.S. better start listening' b'European Union voted to allow undocumented migrants to be held in detention centers for up to 18 months and banned from territory for five years' b'Sweden deals a crushing blow to the right to privacy. Where are my secrets safe anymore? ' b'Norway passes law approving gay marriage' b'Saddam Hussein succesor surfaces, gives interview despite the $10 million U.S. bounty on his head and outlines the resistance strategy' b'Wikileaks Gets Hold of US Counterinsurgency Manual that advocates detainment without charge, suspension of habeas corpus, employing terrorists, and false flag operations ' b'When Trains are Faster than Airplanes' Zimbabwe's voters told choose Mugabe or you face a bullet b'Am I a Torturer? a soldier asks himself' b'Guantanamo detainees were tortured, medical exams show' b'Way To Go, White House  Gitmo Now a Terrorist Networking Spot' b'Muslim man insults prophet Muhammed, sentenced to death in Pakistan' b'MEDICAL examinations of former terrorism suspects held at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq and Guantanamo Bay found evidence of torture and other abuse that resulted in serious injuries and mental disorders' b'Kuwait wants to outlaw Xboxes and ban Christmas, do away with the Arab world's version of American Idol, and keep female drivers off the roads. Then what, U.S. military bases too?' b'Japan Times Member of Japanese Parliament Takes 9/11 Doubts Global' b'NYT Exposes Fraud of Bushs Generous Offer to Iran' b'South Africa has ruled that Chinese South Africans are to be reclassified as black people' b'Petrol strike UK garages start to run out of fuel' b'Three doctors resign over keeping 84 year old man alive' b'Man gets death sentence for blasphemy against Prophet Mohammad' b'Now Bono is Challenging Sarkozy for failing to live up to commitments' b'Indian army chief calls for development of Military Space Command to counter China' b'The son of former UK PM Margaret Thatcher help organize an attempted coup in Equatorial Guinea. The plot was approved by the CIA, big oil, South Africa and Spain. ' Bush goes to UK and they release Bin Laden's righthand man. Is this coincidence? b'Russian Military Tests Weather Manipulation seeding clouds...' b'Iran in defiance says will never suspend its enrichment of uranium' b'Indianorigin man jailed for illegal tech export' b'Wiretapping Bill Passes Swedish Parliament, 143 to 138' A pilot's life exhausting hours for meagre wages  b'The Russian commander of the 40th army in Afghanistan, and the current Ambassador to NATO make some interesting points in this oped.' Emirates' sadistic sheikh who used 'an automatic rifle, whips, electric cattle prods, wooden planks with protruding nails and even his Mercedes SUV to torture his victim.' [Video extracts warning the images may be disturbing]  b'A teenager who poured bleach over a woman at a restaurant in Leeds has been detained for 12 months.' b'Skewed China birth rate to leave 24 million men single' b'Italians cheer as police move hundreds of African immigrants out of town after clashes with locals that leave scores injuredn' b'Mexican woman tells of ordeal with crossborder child traffickers' b'Tijuana reels amid a surge of violence' b'Poverty and despair  life on the Pine Ridge Indian reservation' b'More than 24 million Chinese men of marrying age could find themselves without spouses by 2020.' b'Israeli media defending the murder of children because of rockets' b'The sex scandal that has transfixed Northern Ireland in recent days has a cinematic echo a 60yearold Mrs. Robinson who was caught in an affair with a man who was 19 at the time.' b'The lucky ones are brutally interrogated and released. Some turn up dead, their bodies bearing the marks of torture. Other families face the anguish of never knowing the fate of a father, brother or son.  Families of muslim North Caucasus region are pointing fingers at Moscow.' Israel has approved plans to erect a wall along part of Israel's border with Egypt.  Take that England... Chinese reaction to Akmal Shaikh's execution British troops 'tortured Iraqi woman'  Body Dumped by Roadside in a Britishissue Body Bag b'Solomon Islands  Doctors at the Honiaras National Referral Hospital (NRH) are worried about the population increase in the country.' b' Inside the insular and secretive Eritrea' A crossparty group of MPs and peers have called on the main parties to make a manifesto pledge not to allow the UK's population to exceed 70 million. Could the Pakistani Government Fall over Karachi Violence? What would it Mean for Obama's War on alQaeda? b'Jeremy Clarkson Last hurrahs of the petrol age review' Chernobyl nuclear accident At the children's cancer hospital in Minsk, Belarus, and in eastern Ukraine, doctors are seeing highly unusual rates of cancers, mutations and blood diseases linked to the accident that happened 24 yrs ago b'Jurist Josipovic wins Croatia presidential electionn' All but one of the 17 families who lost relatives in Baghdad's Nusoor Square killings have agreed to settle their claims against the security contractor formerly known as Blackwater British soldiers 'tortured and executed Iraqi grandmother' Ukraine has shot down what is believed to be a Russian drone US confirms Syria suicide bomber was American Lithuania accuses Russia of harassing ships in Baltic Sea The Turkish government cut off the flow of the Euphrates River, threatening primarily Syria but also Iraq with a major water crisis Up to 80,000 Palestinians in Jerusalem without running water for three months Earth heading toward another mass extinction CNN reporter detained during live shot in Turkey Bilderberg conference Spies, CEOs and politicians gather China warns Australian PM Tony Abbott's plan to abolish Emission Trading Scheme will risk scuttlling global emissions trade Korea's Dinosaur Robot Outruns Usain Bolt NATO says bulk of Russian troops pulling back from Ukraine border France lottery winner to give away 50 million to charity Frances Front National against naming square after terrorist Mandela Police shut Istanbul park to preempt protests one year after unrest | Turkish police on Saturday shut Gezi Park, the Istanbul square at the center of mass demonstrations in 2013, to prevent any efforts to mark the anniversary of the biggest antigovernment protests in decades. Inmates at Berlin Tegel jail set up world's first union for prisoners group's founders want minimum wage and pension scheme for prison's convicts, who work regular shifts ExHead Of 'NSA North' Says Canadians Are 'Stupid' Zimbabwe Official Fewer Condoms Means More Soldiers Over 200 Paintings Discovered in Angkor Wat Cambodian Temple Complex World On Brink Of Sixth Great Extinction, Species Disappearing Faster Than Ever Before Swedes test a future of less work, more play Potentially Biggest Discovery in Health in 30 Years. Nerve Stimulation Blocks 75% of Tumor Necrosis and Inflammation from Bacterial Toxins. Putin Advisor The US Is 'Unfurling A War In Ukraine After Organising A Coup' New Zealand's immigrantsThe country's Asianborn have overtaken the British as its largest foreign population US deploys first advanced drones to Japan Japan will play a larger role in regional security as a counterpoint to China India arrests police officers over gang rape Siberian fisherman accidentally nets 4,000yearold pagan god Thousands rallied in Melbourne tonight against the Australian government's proposed healthcare plans. Canadian Weather Forecasters Forbidden From Discussing Climate Change France's largest bank faces record $10billion fine for helping Sudan, Iran and Cuba elude U.S. sanctions Report Israel tapped president Clinton's diplomatic calls Full account of Tony Blair's exchanges with George Bush on Iraq war to be kept secret. (Chilcot Inquiry) Privacy call for internet browsing in the wake of Edward Snowden leaks | Survey reveals that more than eight out of 10 internet users believe their search history should be kept private We are Arkady Ostrovsky, Moscow bureau chief, and Edward Carr, foreign editor, Covering the crisis in Ukraine for The Economist. Ask us anything. 40% of EU citizens can't afford a vacation Formal countdown begins for Scottish vote that could break up United Kingdom Australian farmer loses court case suing neighbor for contaminating his organic crop with geneticallymodified canola whose seed blew 1.5km inside his property Researchers have succeeded in deterministically transferring the information contained in a quantum bit  the quantum analogue of a classical bit  to a different quantum bit 3 metres away, without the information having travelled through the intervening space teleportation Only Chineseborn parliamentarian in UK to quit politics over racist abuse Turkish Twitter user who created a parody God acoount (similar to @TheTweetOfGod) sentenced to 15 months in prison Australian PM Tony Abbott to remove secular welfare staff from schools under Christian chaplaincy drive Arrests over hanged Indian girls Britain's 1940s propaganda films made available online. BRICS emerging nations close to launching bank Israeli force apprehends Palestinian wearing suicide belt in West Bank CAR At least 30 killed in Muslim raid on Christian church Donetsk militants send 34 proRussian separatists bodies to Russia Ebola Deadly outbreak crosses border as mistrust hampers medical staff Ukraine's rebels in crisis after Donetsk 'coup' South Korea Ferry Search 2nd Diver Dies Inside Doomed Vessel Vatican faces widening scandal after the Pope's butler tries to publish book of conspiracies regarding top Cardinals China's yearly report on US human rights record has been published. Bill C38 In the last 12 months I have seen clearly  the rise of tyrannical policies and the application of such mind and state control that the people of Canada , unless they soon react, will find themselves slaves to a corporate and political domination BBC's Panorama spent a month filming at matches in Poland and Ukraine prior to their hosting Euro 2012, and witnessed Nazi salutes from the terraces, black players being taunted with monkey chants, rampant antiSemitism and a vicious assault on a group of Asian students. Pirate Bay Ready For Perpetual IPAddress WhacAMole Iran confirms sending troops to Syria Protester interrupts Blair's appearance at Leveson inquiry This man is a war criminal Amnesty International report North Korea executes 30 officials who were involved in talks with South Korea   Olympic ban threat for Syria. Eduard Khil, trololol guy, hospitalized after stroke Powerful Flame cyber weapon found in Middle East. It is the most complex piece of malicious software discovered to date, according to a security researcher. Cambridge researchers claims backdoor found in Chinamade chip supplied to western militaries Houla massacre survivor tells how his family were slaughtered Iran Wont Halt Production of Higher Grade Uranium A cyberattack which has covertly collected vast amounts of sensitive data from countries like Israel and Iran has been uncovered, Russian researchers say. The insurance market Lloyd's of London is preparing contingency plans for the possibility of the euro collapsing, its chief executive has said Two monks selfimmolate in Tibet Majority of Germans want Greece out of the Euro Women increasingly taking on key management roles in Mexican drug cartels will make drugtraffickers stronger, harder to fight, because  the women appear to be acting smarter. Mali rebels merge to create independent Islamist state  Two rebels groups who seized control of northern Mali have agreed to turn their territory into an independent Islamist state. Both groups have grown in power in recent months, capitalizing on political instablity.  U.S. Special Forces have been parachuting into North Korea to spy on Pyongyangs extensive network of underground military facilities. U.N. Security council meets to discuss Syria massacre Illegal kidney trade booms as new organ is 'sold every hour' U.N. condemns Syrian killings; toll rises to 108 ACTA Doomsday Approaches  Please Help b'Dear World, The Chinese government stole intellectual property from us and others. The censorship is crazy over there and we are seriously considering ceasing our Chinese operation.  signed google.' Toronto woman dies pushing baby from car's path b'7.3 Mag Earthquake off the Haitian Coast. Tsunami alert issued!' Google 'may end China operations over Gmail breaches'  b'Google no longer willing to continue censoring our  results on its Chinese search engine.' b'Just another day in Mexico Police found the dismembered body of a man whose face had been skinned and stitched onto a soccer ball.' b'Man faces 20 years in jail for writing on an airline comment card I hope we don't crash and burn or worse yet, landing in the ocean, living through it, only to be eaten by sharks, or worse yet, end up on someplace like gilligans Island, stranded, or worse yet, be eaten by a tribe of headhunters' b'Hellloooo everybody... Haiti was hit with a 7.0 earthquake this morning. Is it shitty to anyone else that Jay Leno is topping the news because he may be retaking his late night spot?' Almost seven years later, the most catastrophic legacy of the Iraq war is shaping up to be the more than 2 million refugees who are locked in limbo on its borders with no hope of moving on. Here's what daily life is like in the monotonous depths of a humanitarian nightmare. Much of Haiti's capital destroyed by earthquake  b'Iran's antigovernment demonstrators have taken their protests to a new venue writing Death to the Dictator and other opposition slogans on bank notes' b'In a plot twist worthy of Agatha Christie,  assassinated lawyer Rodrigo Rosenberg masterminded his own murder to frame the president.' Tape recording of Nazi officers describing the moment they found Adolf Hitler's body in his Berlin bunker has been discovered b'A new civilization has been uncovered in western Amazonia.' b'What kills people in these disasters isnt just nature but its interconnection with poverty, and in Haiti its imperative to arrange not only the earthquake response  digging people out of rubble  but also a public health response' I like Google as much as the next Redditor but how  does cyber attack = now we care about human  rights + no more censoring results or we leave?  Something doesn't add up. b'British Muslim soldier Islamists should treat UK as their own country' b'Hey reddit. Anyone know any good charities for those that want to help the folks in Haiti who had enough misery in their lives before getting shit on by the earthquake?' b'Blair aid unapologetic for UK contributions to lies about Iraq' b'Google fed up Chinese hacking human rights advocates, may leave China' b'A global fiasco is brewing in Japan' b'It is half a century since she began her seminal work studying chimpanzees in Africa. But Jane Goodall says her work is far from finished' The world's loneliest police beat.After 22 years on Tristan da Cunha, Conrad Glass has still to make an arrest b'So they arrested El Teo in mexico. If you remember, this is the guy that would make a stew with the bodies of his rivals so the families would not even have a body to bury.' b'A landmark class action case is under way in a New York federal court, with victims of apartheid in Holding Corporations Accountable for Apartheid Crime in South Africa IBM, Fujitsu, Ford, GM and banking giants UBS and Barclays' Lenovo CEO distributes his $3 Million USD Bonus to his 10,000 Employees  In China Man Saves Drowning Family, Drowning Family Leave Man To Die Because It's Not Their Business HSBC, accused of financial dealings linked to terrorists and drug cartels, heads to Senate subcommittee  latimes.com Vast aquifer found in Namibia could last for centuries  A newly discovered water source in Namibia could have a major impact on development in the driest country in subSaharan Africa. Spanish rallies turn violent as million people protest in 80 cities Demonstrators carried flags and banners decorated with scissors, symbolizing the country's harsh spending cuts. The streets of Madrid were paralyzed by the boundless crowds of people Huge explosion in Damascus, WiFi and 3G cutoff  RT reporter  RT That large event that see very fit people converge every four years has a list of restricted words that is being enforced by 300 uniformed persons in an effort to protect the sponsors of said event. (Video) Former Mexican president Legalize drugs to fight cartels UK Judge Apple must run ads saying Samsung DIDN'T copy the iPad 300 radioactive Japanese cars stopped at Russian border Syria conflict West 'appalled' by Russia China UN veto Exclusive Kim to reform North Korean economy after purge source
| Reuters Silvio Berlusconi will probably run for prime minister for a seventh time. 
Iran denies Israeli claims on Bulgaria attack Fukushima children have abnormal thyroid growths  Business Insider Bulgarian media have named the suicide bomber who blew up the bus with Israeli tourists on Wednesday, killing seven. The terrorist is alleged to be Mehdi Ghezali, an AlgerianSwedish Islamist who spent two years in Guantanamo Bay U.A.E. Police Treating US Navy's Gulf Shooting as Murder Solar industry trade war heats up   German solar firms are preparing antidumping litigation against China in an effort to curb cheap panel imports often backed by state subsidies. The German government is supporting the move.  Russia and China veto UN resolution on Syria  Not everyone hates Bashar alAssad. Some people even like the Syrian president. But they're afraid to admit it. 'Bigotry' behind burning of Polish flags in Belfast must stop, warns group  Maciek Bator, founder of the Polish Association in Northern Ireland, has described the burning of his country's national flag by loyalists on bonfires in Northern Ireland as despicable.  Spanish firemen strip naked to protest spending cuts With so many cuts we have been left naked, declared a banner on the wall above them. Historic first, Canadian sub sinks a ship Azerbaijan Army Officer Shot Dead By Armenian Sniper Brazil removes diplomats from Syria  Mumbai photographer I wish I'd had a gun, not a camera. Armed police would not fire back Let's try not to panic... (Pic) b'Hemp Swiss citizens vote tomorrow to legalize it' What Happens To You After You Get Caught Spying For Israel Against The US  You Get Hired By A Washington 'Thinktank' b'Mumbai terrorists recruited with promise of escape' b'Japanese Told to Work Less, Have More Sex ' b'India uncovers Hindu terror group that carried out bombings blamed on Islamists' b'Deepak Chopra agrees Washington, not AlQaeda, is responsible for the Mumbai attacks' Iceland A portent of the future. When the global debt bubble bursts, will the people rise up' in anger as they did in France in the 1780's? As they are in Iceland today.  b'Police declare Mumbai siege over' b'Switzerland Likely To Approve Prescription Heroin' Pictures of the Iranian man who threw acid on the woman's face during the reading of his punishment. His punishment, to have acid dripped onto his eyes until he goes blind b'Thanks reddit, for making the reddit icon with Indian flag. I appreciate your support. The incident however made me feel ashamed and wretched as an Indian...' b'Pirates on speedial  They are under P for pirates.' b'The U.S. general commanding NATO forces in Afghanistan has ordered a merger of the office that releases news with Psy Ops, which deals with propaganda' b'Conservative Canadian Government May Fall' b'President Zardari Theres a little bit of India in every Pakistani and a little bit of Pakistan in every Indian. I do not know whether it is the Indian or the Pakistani in me that is talking today' Inadequate Sex Blamed for Increased Crime Among China's Workers b'What They Hate About Mumbai  a Mumbaikar's view' b' Patrick Cockburn Pakistan is the root of the problem' b'Indian force kill last gunman in Mumbai' b'Chinese internet giant sacks staff over paid for search listings' b'Dutch ban on magic mushrooms to take effect' b'How to Deal with Pirates We shall offer them liberal and enlightened terms, dictated at the mouths of our cannons.' b'The Ministry of Defence turned large parts of the country into a giant laboratory to conduct a series of secret germ warfare tests on the public.' b'Soldier returns from Afghanistan to be beaten up by police  caught on CCTV' b'Seven of the terrorists who brought carnage to Mumbai are British, Indian government sources claimed yesterday.' b'Taj Mahal hotel owner We had warning' At 5am I found a bottle of vintage Cristal champagne. 'No, no!' cried the head waiter, 'Those are the wrong glasses'  b'Just ten trained terrorists created Mumbai carnage' b'Girl raised by American family ordered to be returned to birth parents. They move back to China, divorce, now girl is in a boarding school.' b'Basra hitmen charge $100 for killing women and fathers and husbands openly hire assassins on the streets. All go unpunished as women are driven into the ground. Saddam was better than this. ' b'Indian Home Minister Shivraj Patil resigns over Mumbai attacks ' b'Swiss Approve Legal Heroin Program' b'Mumbai attacks surviving terrorist says he belonged to Pakistan militant group' b'Swiss voters decide on heroin, canabis, pensions, paedophile crimes and plans to curb powers of green groups' b'Indians claim to have proof that terrorists took orders from Pakistan' b'The two villages where mothers killed EVERY baby born a boy for ten years' Pirates 'to release Ukraine ship' that is carrying 33 tanks, grenade launchers and ammunition. b'Shock as top Indian Army officer arrested over bomb attack' b'Mumbai siege 300 feared dead as full horror of the terrorist attacks emerges   Telegraph' b'Indian sources said some of the gang were from Leeds and Bradford, where Londons 7/7 bombers lived' British soldiers attacked by furious mob in Kabul after American troops 'ram minibus off road killing one' b'Culture Change  Overextension our American way of life is not sustainable' b'Beginning of end for Guantanamo?' Switzerland set to approve prescription heroin as 'safe alternative' for addicts b' Bugging scandal in British parliament' b'Five Former Slaves Who Are Changing the World' b'Crisis May Shift Indias Political Landscape.' b'Mumbai Behind the attacks lies a story of youth twisted by hate' b'Live updates on Mumbai Blasts' b'Johan Franzen scores the Goal of the Year [VID]' b'Israeli forces destroy Palestinian greenhouses and farms in Gaza ' b'Experts doubt Al Qaeda link in Mumbai attacks' b'Israeli Occupation Firces troops fire at children, Israeli Occupation Army demolish two homes in Old Jerusalem' b'The US has requested that Israel refrain from embarking on any largescale operations during the last weeks of the George W. Bush administration' b'Finally!  A Lego illustrated bible' b'Full Text PM Manmohan Singh Address to Indian People Regarding Terrorist Attacks in Mumbai' b'Google Map of Mumbai Attacks'  'Hostages freed' at Mumbai hotel  BBC News b'I know that in 1954 Israeli agents pretending to be Muslims blew up American targets in Cairo in the hopes of prompting the US to attack Egypt. ' b'Airbus A320 Crashes Into Mediterranean Sea' b'Both airports in Bangkok, Thailand closed due to antigovernment riots' Official Siege ends at Mumbai's Taj hotel b'Mumbai Exporting Pakistans Resources [Warnerd]' b'Huge explosion at Taj again, 9 rescued from Trident' b'Gunmen in Mumbai Leave 101 Dead, Hostages Taken' b'France finally agrees to pay damages to nuclear test victims' b'Activists dump 5 tons of coal outside a meeting organized to block action to reduce CO2 emissions at the upcoming climate talks in Poland next week.' b'Mumbai Is Attacked By Terrorists in a scene of coordinated attacks that eerily resembles 9/11' Charities can't keep up with deepening poverty b'Toxic waste causes Somali piracy' b'Regarding the events in India The only question we should be asking ourselves, by Arundhati Roy ' b'Indian Commandos Free Mumbai Hostages. ' b'Airbus A320 crashes during test flight off the French coast' b'It has begun Italian judge rules the internet is illegal' b'Is it going to rain?' b'Washington state teen turns in $10,000 he found at store' b'UK opposition MP arrested in stalinesque op after exposing Govt. coverup' Who's Behind the Mumbai Massacre? Dutch turn their backs on 'shrooms 'Honor' killing comes to the US  The Boston Globe b'All the technology in the world yet Somali pirates seize another tanker ' China executes researcher for spying. U.S. 'deeply disturbed,' says trial fell 'far short' of international standards. b'Japanese government  expected to pass a bill forcing married people to work less so that they can procreate.' b'Then, the foreign looking, fair skinned men, as Mr Mishra remembers them, simply carried on killing. ' Will the UK follow Iceland's path? b'If your Army base is next door to two schools, make very sure you know which way the wind is blowing before you start the gas attack drills' b'A motorway in the UK is shut down due to marshmallows and beer spilling across the road' b'Indian troops retake Jewish Center' b'President Chvez is enhancing democracy, not undermining it' Half of prostitutes in Bejing unaware of condoms' benefits Indiana woman dies at 115 as world's oldest person b'Mapping an occupation  the West Bank barrier' b'New York Times article, almost exactly three years to the day before 9/11, about Osama bin Laden and the future of terrorism. Chillingly prescient.' b'Drug Firms Block Cheap Medicine' b'Ethiopia to withdraw from Somalia by end of year' b'Hostages said dead in Mumbai Jewish center' b'Opium overdose seems the only escape for some Afghan women' What's with These Stupid War Pundits Telling U.S. Allies to Commit National Suicide? b'London Police boycott tasers because of their potential to cause fear and damage public confidence' b'Reddit upvoted the original story, why not this one? Muslims arrest those involved in acid attack against schoolgirls in afghanistan' b'Greenlanders go to the polls in referendum on selfrule' Sunken 'pirate ship' was actually Thai trawler, owner says  b'Seventytwo percent of the Israeli public rated the general level of corruption in the Israeli government as high to very high' b'The freedom of historical debate is under attack by the memory police' b'US intelligence kept a file of personal nature on Tony Blair while he was Prime Minister, in violation of an agreement between Britain and the US not to spy on each others leaders' Food Bank in Seattle, Washington. C'mon RedditLet's Donate In Brenden Foster's name. Hey, Arab lady, you don't like it that we destroyed your homes?  Here's a headbut for you, and one for your Arab friend, too!  Now you're all under arrest. b'10 Taliban arrested in acid attack on schoolgirls' b'UN General Assembly President Accuses Israel of Apartheid and Calls for a Campaign of Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Against Israel' b'First pics of Indian navy sinking pirate ship' b'The end of the cafe/bar culture?' Somali Pirate 'Mothership' sinking a mistake?  b'Russia sues Ukraine over gas debt' b'Between September and October property prices have plummeted by as much as 49% in some parts of Dubai' The Czech Republic's Vaclav Klaus is next in the rotation as president of the European Union, a fact that makes some in the Union very nervous. b'Blast kills 3 outside Russia subway station' Oops, Sunken 'pirate ship' was actually Thai trawler, owner says  b'Russian warships cruise into US back yard to make power point' b'WalMart to Give 90 Million lbs Food to Help Combat Hunger ' b'Zimbabwe Health Crisis A Disaster of Unimaginable Proportions' b'Nobody every seems to give a shit about the Congo' b'Kim JongIl Apparently Healthy.' b'Zimbabwe on brink of collapse as outbreak of cholera spreads'