 Montreal wants complete ban on plastic water bottles Bombsniffing dog discovers 2 Hellfire missiles bound for Portland Wealth of super rich soars as the worstoff lose out, report says | UK Explosion hits central Ankara, wounded reported Denmark cuts food waste by astounding 25%. Grocery stores sell 'expired' food for cheap UN Calls for Kim Jongun to Be Prosecuted for Crimes Against Humanity Brazil nation wide protests call for President to resign Shooting at Ivory Coast beach resort  casualties unclear, French media say German state elections Success for rightwing AfD, losses for Merkel's CDU Active Fault Line Discovered Directly Below Japanese Nuclear Power Plant Facebook, Google, and WhatsApp are all planning to increase encryption Foreign born students 'weaken' school results Record immigration to Sweden has played a small but not insignificant role in national school test scores tumbling, according to Skolverket, the Swedish National Agency for Education. Women secretly film inside ISIS stronghold Olympics ticket sales fall off a cliff in wake of Zika virus Saudi Arabia proposes a NATOlike military alliance of Muslim nations Mars methane mission lifts off Bermuda Triangle mystery solved by 'enormous gas blowouts' on ocean floor Kurdistan gets $200 million from Turkey February obliterated global heat records, NASA confirms.Whether one looks at a 12month running average, 5year average, or better yet, 30year trends, all show stark increases in global average surface temperatures Daesh commander Al Shishani clinically dead, monitor says | He is not able to breathe on his own and is using machines Brazilians return with force to streets to demand Rousseff's exit Turkish warplanes hit Kurdish militant PKK camps in northern Iraq army Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has led thousands of supporters in a protest against the renewal of US sanctions | Unlike the US, we have never killed innocent children nor bombed hospitals, he said at the rally in the capital Caracas, vowing to fight imperialist intervention. February breaks global temperature records by 'shocking' amount Palestinian wins $1m global teaching prize Tesco to give all unsold food to charity after finalising deal  Supermarket giant says it aims to eradicate all food waste at its stores and distribution centres by 2017 (Tesco are the world's 2nd largest retailer and the largest in Europe) Go champion Lee Sedol strikes back to beat Google's DeepMind AI for first time Bhutan Celebrates Newborn Prince by Planting 108,000 Trees Russian government confirmed Turkey have invaded Syria Thousands gathered in Paris to condemn France's continued implementation of state of emergency laws, which they described as a government coup. The state of emergency cannot become permanent because it effectively means citizens giving up their rights, ExKremlin aide found dead in DC hotel 'departed US 40 days after his own death' Saudi Arabia to build Worlds largest Solar Powered Desalination Plant Refugee Shelters Set on Fire in Sweden Overnight Emergency Biscuits Flown Into UK Due To National Shortage South Africa has banned the leopard hunt for the 2016 season  the first time in decades India Rejects Joint Naval Patrols with US in South China Sea North Korea claims it could wipe out Manhattan with a hydrogen bomb Doctors Without Borders opposes Pfizers pneumonia vaccine patent in India ISIS chemical weapons attacks kill child, wound 600 Thousands rallied in Warsaw and other Polish cities Saturday to protest the conservative government's refusal to accept a constitutional court ruling that strikes down government changes that have paralyzed the court India will test a small aeroplaneshaped vehicle this year as part of its programme to develop a reusable space launch vehicle, a senior official of Indian Space Research Organisation said. Saudi Arabia due to 'complete' January mass executions with four more deaths | Middle East | News Top French Cardinal Hid Scouts Pedophile Scandal Australia, Canada, NZ and UK support EUstyle free movement, new poll says To Maintain Supply of Sex Slaves, ISIS Pushes Birth Control North Korea Fires Projectiles after UN Approves Pyongyang Sanctions Japan advertising for fulltime ninjas in tourism push Nurse banned after disabled victim blinks 'evidence of sexual abuse' Tibets more than 1.2 million dead remembered as 57th uprising anniversary marked Indian drinks mogul Vijay Mallya leaves country owing $1bn b'The Israeli government has announced it will cut off all funding for illegal Jewish settlement outposts in the occupied West Bank' b'Israeli troops destroy West Bank settler outposts' b'Thousands of Indian farmers are committing suicide after using genetically modified crops' b'Wedding Party Turned Into Tragedy [vid]' b'Pakistan warns Petraeus against missile strikes' b'Some owners deserting factories in China' Japanese official fired for essay stating Japan's wartime agression was a positive thing b'I would learn that religion was actually being used as a weapon against these prisoners to break them ... that was something that went against the fundamental American value of religious freedom ' b' UK To Hire Foreign Soldiers As Police?' b'Serbia failed to protect minorities after Kosovo declared independence, and to prosecute Serbians who targeted them, says Human Rights Watch report.' b'UK Secretary of State for Work and Pensions James Purnell loses Cabinet ministerial red box correspondence on a train' b'Pakistan Warns Petraeus About the Downside of Raining Missiles on Its Citizens' Gary McKinnon, who has Asperger's, admitted to hacking into numerous military and NASA mainframes.  Now British politicians struggle to ensure that he is repatriated if convincted by US courts. b'Chinese in Taiwan for first talks since 1949' b' Vatican reintroduces clocking in' b'Space junk falls harmlessly in South Pacific' b'Aid Group Says Zimbabwe Government Misused $7.3 Million' b'Moscow Denies Pentagon Claims of Stolen Russian Nuclear Weapons' b'BBC France To Cut Off Internet Access For Software Pirates' b'Sixty corpses of refugees from Somalia and Ethiopia washed up on beach' b'What Countries Does the New York Times Cover?' Protesters close India's Assam after deadly blasts b'French software pirates soon to be cutoff from the internets' Increasing kidnapping cases worsen Afghanistan's already chaotic situation b'British Airways staff slam smelly and annoying passengers on Facebook' b'Israel's army is changing. Once proudly secular, its combat units are now filling with those who believe Israel's wars are God's wars.' b'Iceland kills 93 endangered fin whales' b'The Maldives (very much under threat by global warming) does not have the money to send its president to a climate summit  is looking for someone to pay for the trip.' b'Spanish judge resumes torture case against six senior Bush lawyers' Based largely on one informant's assessment, the commander ordered a 500pound, satelliteguided bomb to be dropped on each truck. The vehicles exploded in a fireball that lit up the night sky for miles, incinerating many of those standing nearby b'Dozens of filmmakers, artists and activists have signed on to a campaign denouncing the Toronto International Film Festival for celebrating the films of Tel Aviv seen as part of Israeli Propaganda Machine.' b'A leading Saudi cleric has called on Muslims not to pray for the destruction of unbelievers. And the rest of the world says thanks.' b'Good news for harried travellers who resent having to remove their shoes at Canadian airport security checkpoints Now you can just say no' b'Two Norwegians being condemned to death live (French, English and Norwegian)' b'CNN Two former Norwegian soldiers sentenced to death in Congo' b'Vietnamese and US officials meet in Hanoi to discuss further funding efforts to help those affected by the use of Agent Orange during the Vietnam War' b'Arctic Sea Iran arms link would make an excellent script for a James Bond movie, with journalists fleeing their country, the FSB, Mossad, Iran, MI5, etc.' b'Israeli Transport Minister promises to invest millions in Jewish Hebron. For the record, Hebron has a total of 500 Israeli (mostly rightwing) settlers fighting to displace 250,000 Palestinians.' b'Samoa switches to driving on the left, becoming the first country since the 1970s to change the side of the road on which cars are driven.' b'We were seen as less than human in those days. We were less than the flora and the fauna..' b'Large earthquake strikes nation of Georgia' Gabon's First Lady lives on food stamps b'AFP Brazil set to buy 36 hitech French fighter jets' b'AP BEIJING  Two employees of a WalMart store in eastern China were arrested after a woman was beaten outside the store on suspicion of being a shoplifter and died, a stateowned newspaper reported Tuesday.' b'Sri Lankan doctors have been freed from jail, though they may not yet be free to speak openly' Three guilty of airline bomb plot to rival 9/11. That's Better Than the US Record even with Gitmo. b'I have no reason to call him the devil...With Obama we can talk, we are almost from the same generation, one can't deny that he is different (from Bush). He's intelligent, he has good intentions and we have to help him.' China's web sites complying with secret government orders, require new users log on under their true identities to post comments b'Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Monday he hoped to be able to work more closely with President Barack Obama.' b'Romania busts Israeli human eggtrafficking ring' b'British nurse who was struck off the register for secretly filming the lack of care for the elderly at a Brighton hospital has been nominated for a national award' b'Denmark will foot the bill for the Maldives to attend climate conference.' b'Teenage Solo Yachtswoman A teenage girl about to embark on a circumnavigation... crashes into a ship on her first day at sea.' b'British commando dies in raid to free NYT reporter' b'Walmart employees in China beat woman to death for shoplifting.' b'Blackwater Mercenaries in Pakistan [VIDEO]' b'Repeat drunk driver given life sentence, in order to protect the public.' b'Israeli war on Gaza killed 252 children report' b'Vietnam By 2035, the surplus of adult men would be 10 percent or more of the female population' Aeromexico's hijacked plane lands in Mexico City. Hijacker demands to talk with mexico's president. b'The question is not whether the Israelis want to exterminate the Palestinians. They're doing it openly. What was it, if not genocide?' b'The destruction of hundreds of schools during fighting between the Pakistani army and Taliban militants has left more than half a million children with little hope of education' b'Skull find rewrites the history of man' b'Dozens killed as devastating floods hit Turkey  The amount of rain that has fallen in two days roughly equals what normally falls in six months in the Turkish province' b'How much more a graduate earns over a lifetime [chart]' The Japanese publisher East Press has sold 45,000 copies of the manga version of Adolf Hitler's manifesto Mein Kampf b'Scientists Isolate Antibodies That Stop HIV From Turning Into AIDS' b'The first urban train network in the Gulf opens  in Dubai  longest driverless train system in the world' In a bid to control political dissent, offices of Ahmadinejad's opposition leaders have been raided.  b'Dutch authorities to prosecute Arab European League for showing cartoon that discriminates against Jews on its website; it shows two men in suits discussing how to boost the number of people killed during the holocaust' b'Behind the Veil lives a thriving Muslim Sexuality' b'Canada to set off bombs in Washington. The Canadian government will set off several fake bombs at its Washington embassy compound this month to demonstrate its NATO combat role in Afghanistan.' b'Sumit Purdani, a Sydney student from Delhi, tells Nick Bryant that many of his Indian friends in Australia have, like him, been the victim of racist attacks' b'From sexy to Godwin's Law in 30 seconds  AIDS is a Mass Murderer ads hit German newspapers and TV' South of the Border  Oliver Stone's Documentary on Hugo Chavez and the Emerging Political Order in South America b'A sixyearold girl has become a media darling in China on her first day of school by expressing her aspiration to become a corrupt official when she grows up' b'Antibodies found that prevent HIV from causing severe AIDS' b'South African man commits suicide after bureaucrat  ripped up ID papers needed for a job' b'The war on drugs is immoral idiocy While Latin American countries decriminalise narcotics, Britain persists in prohibition that causes vast human suffering' b'Chinas Muslim Uyghurs Forbidden to Fast During  Ramadan, Face Severe Oppression' b'French filmmaker who did documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador was shot dead ' b'6th largest hydroelectric dam in the world, SayanoShushenskaya Dam, explosion. ' b'While the movie rakes it in at the box office, the inhabitants of the real District 9 are facing forced relocation' b'Musicians push back against Record Labels in UK going after file sharers.' Now Colonel Gaddafi wants to 'abolish' Switzerland Dictator files bizarre motion with the U.N. b'Mehdi Karroubi One of the victims of rape in Iranian prisons has disappeared, and that former Tehran general prosecutor and his representatives are responsible for any unfortunate event that may happen to him or his family.  ' The latest target of Mexico's drug violence rehab centers.  18 recovering addicts were lined up against a wall and gunned down yesterday. North Korea announces to the UN it is 'enriching uranium for second arsenal of nuclear weapons' in a new provocation to the international community b'The woman who blew the whistle on convicted paedophile and former New South Wales minister Milton Orkopoulos has asked the Queen to intervene in what she calls her pursuit for justice.nnThe incident put Ms Sneddon out of a job' b'North Korea Close To Finalising Nuclear Enrichment' Young men spray hoses in a carwashing contest and play pool. Children make paper crowns in an art class, while their parents have a picnic. This is Islamic summer camp, and it's part of Saudi Arabia's campaign to eliminate alQaida. This is not an Onion article. b'AlShabab Leader Threatens Somaliland' b'CHINA Police patrolling Urumqi as conflict between Han and Uyghurs becomes a real possibility' b'Could this be what the euphoria of hypocrisy feels like?' b'Security chief arrested in Mexico' b'Qaddafi proposes abolishing Switzerland' b'North Korea said it is weaponizing plutonium and enriching uranium and told the United Nations to choose between talks or imposing sanctions over its nuclear program.' b'Australia is in a high population growth phase and has been for much of this decade.' Critics from the left and the right are making sharper and sharper attacks on Obama's policies toward Sudan and Darfur. b'TurkeyArmenia Peace Talks A Thaw in a CenturyOld Feud? ' Banksy is ruined by mistake  The building's owner was in tears as she begged workmen to stop. b'Toddler wanders away from wilderness campsite in the Yukon. Found safe but thirsty 25 hours later with a new friend.' b'Israeli army fires tear gas directly at media crew. Cursing and tear gas canister dodging reporter, caught on tape.' b'Chavez The state of Israel has become a murderous lackey at the service of imperialism. It's a genocidal government. I condemn that Zionist government that persecutes the heroic Palestinian people. ' b'A firm of Saudi lawyers, claiming to act on behalf of descendants of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, has demanded printed and multilingual apologies from Danish newspapers who reprinted cartoons of Muhammad, and that all pictures on the Internet be removed permanently' b'China powers ahead as it seizes the green energy crown from Europe. China is running away with the green technology prize. It has conquered anthird of the world market for solar cells and is on a breakneck course tonbuild 100 gigawatts of wind turbines by 2020...' Violent clashes on the streets of the UK's 2nd biggest city as antiIslamist protesters clash with Muslims and their supporters b'Italian tourist faces jail in Brazil for kissing his daughter on a public beach' b'AN air strike in northern Afghanistan that killed up to 90 people hit at the heart of plans for a tactical change in the Western military strategy against Talibanlinked insurgents.' b'How the dolphins being massacred to satisfy a food fetish are poisoning the Japanese who eat them' Josef Stalin 'returns' to Moscow metro b'Venezuela Killing Goes on as 451 Slain in Caracas' b'Bolivian Press Slams Brutal Police Aggression' b'China Fires Urumqi Communist Party Chief' China's southern province installs 1 mln cameras to monitor crimes b'Colombian Authorities Seize 2 Tons of Cocaine' b'Thieves invade Brazilian radio station and rob announcer on the air' b'A Billion Teenagers, for Better or Worse' b'Suffering and struggle in rural China' b'Hizbullah silent over report that group got chemical weapons' b'Brown urges G20 to keep spending to avoid prolonging recession' b'Ngilu Kenya the most waterpoor nation' b'World population will excede 9 billion by 2050 ' b'World population to reach 9.4 billion by 2050, report says' b'In an act of publishing cowardice, Cond Nast has gone to extraordinary lengths to prevent Russians from reading a GQ article criticizing Vladimir Putin.' b'Irish SameSex Marriage Ad a Surprise Hit on YouTube' b'Is America ready to admit defeat in its 40year war on drugs?' b'Cargo ship that vanished in the Channel was carrying arms to Iran and was being tracked by Mossad' b'Nicaraguan police hand over MS13 boss to Interpol in Managua' 'Massive' ancient wall uncovered in Jerusalem b'Mother fights off cougar during attack on son, 5 using a water bottle.' China's polluters are protected by a 'black box' of secrecy as local governments withhold information b'As Anne tried to record the protest, against the opening of a municipal carpark on the Jewish Sabbath, the mob spat on her repeatedly.' Arctic Sea ghost ship 'was carrying weapons to Iran'  Canadian legal history could be made this week when a Quebec man finds out whether he will become this country's first drunk driver to be declared a dangerous offender. b'Cigarette makers sue over tobacco law' b'China Web Sites Seeking Users Names' Mother comes out against Dutch girl's solo sail trip b'China warning to syringe stabbers' b'IMF provides $510m loan for Zimbabwe  its first to the country in a decade' b'US plotted ZiaulHaqs plane crash ExPak IB chief' b'Hong Kong voices concerns over beating up of journalists in Urumqi' b'Ghana Senior UN official calls for urgent measures to mitigate impact of landslides' b'North Korea says uranium program near completion' b'Gun control laws. No use to carry a weapon when someone pulls up to you and unloads an AK47 rifle before you can even say FUUUUUUUUUUUUU...' b'Afghan officials disqualify votes from 450 polling places' b'Vietnam Nations population soars to 85.8m' b'When will it stop being cool to hate the United States, Israel, and Republicans, and instead hate on the real bad guys out there Mugabe, Al Bashir, alQaddafi, Than Shwe, etc.' b'China Syringewielding assailants may face death' b'North Korea unleashed walls of water from one or more of its dams on Sunday, sending a flash flood roaring through the heavily armed border with South Korea and sweeping away six South Koreans' b'Swedish charityrun hospital in Afghanistan says  U.S. troops tied up staff, searched female wards  and toilets ' b'Hemp Ethanol will Only Cost 50 cents per Gallon' b'She faced up to 40 lashes for wearing pants considered too tight' b'Saskatchewan gets first new cities in almost a century. For those who have never been to Saskatchewan, a city is a place where the gas station and restaurant are in separate buildings' North Korea 'Worst building in the history of mankind' gets a face lift  16 years late the 105 story Ryugyong Hotel gets glass. b'U.S. leads world in foreign weapons sales report' b'Europe bans incandescent bulbs' Prisoner 1447523's name is Rosalio Reta. He was born and raised in Texas. By the age of 13 he was an assassin for one of Mexico's drug cartels.  b'US boosts its share of arms sales, increasing its share to more than twothirds of all foreign armaments deals' b'Strikes and occupations spread across Ireland as the government gives billions to the wealthy and shifts the burden of the economic crisis onto the backs of working people.' b'Official abducted in front of 2,000 people in Mexico' b'Karzai It is in noone's interest to have an Afghan president who has become an American puppet...As far as the elections are concerned, there was fraud in 2004, there is today, there will be tomorrow' b'It was an unprecedented surveillance operation involving hundreds of police officers, and a plot that prosecutors said was unparalleled in its terrible ambition' Japan's next leader has promised a big cut in greenhouse gas emissions, saying he will aim for a 25% reduction by 2020 compared to 1990 levels b'Iran  Mousavis Facebook page claims staff office attacked' b'Accusation fly at IAEA over Iran ' b'Venezuela's Chavez stars at Venice filmfest. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was the star of the Venice film festival Monday as he turned up for the screening of veteran US director Oliver Stone's documentary on his peaceful revolution.' Finland's NBI no knowledge of alleged weapons cargo on Arctic Sea  Sunday Times says ship carried missiles stolen from Russian military b'Antinuclear tractor rally in Berlin [vid]' b'fake arabs vs iranians (iranians are not arab) arabs have invaded iran more than 10 times looking for food,job,water and land..many of them stayed ' b'Protests grows among Filmmakers in the Toronto International Film Festival for celebrating Israel by the spotlight on TelAviv without mentioning the suffering of Palestinians when they were kicked out their lands to create this modern city (as portrayed in the films' selection).' b'In Italy, An Offended Berlusconi Goes on the Offensive' b'Sudan  Lubna Hussein Convicted, Ordered to Pay 146 or Go to Prison for a Month, in Infamous Trousers Trial Case' b'There are 23,574 nuclear weapons in the world' In a backlash against the US 'war on drugs', Latin America turns to a more liberal policy Pilot to control tower, ''Come on, I know you're down there, ... where the bloody hell have you hidden yourself?'' b'North Korea reopens regular border crossing with the South ' 72 year old Olympic medalist (Dawn Fraser, Gold 1956 in 100m freestyle swimming) attacks teenaged intruder at her home in Australia.   Knee'd him in the groin with her titanium knee. b'Young teenagers in the UK are more likely to get drunk than anywhere else in the industrial world, shows an international survey.' New ID cards linked to criminal records  privacy in the UK  It doesn't exist. b'In the eyes of Saudi Arabian conservatives, the land where Islam was founded and the Prophet Muhammad was born must remain purely Muslim.  Saudi Arabia bans public displays of crosses and churches. ' b'ExOntario Attorney General held in cyclist's death Burrows would not confirm witness reports the cyclist jumped on the car... and began fighting with the driver of a black Saab.' Spiderman scales one of the world's tallest buildings, the Petronas Towers in Malaysia, on his third attempt b'North and South Korea have restored regular access across their heavily fortified border for traffic to and from a jointlyrun industrial park.' b'Israeli maxim Occupy a country and then make the people pay a price to get part of it back. When they object, accuse them of refusing to take advantage of opportunities for peace.' b'Fundraising appeal to save Romanian lions from being shot' b'KahanistAmerican kids go to Israel, prepare to take on the Israeli army if theres any order to clear Jewish settlements. Expulsion orders for Arabs? Still cool with them.' b'Lesbian couples in England and Wales who start a family through fertility treatment can now place both their names on the birth certificate' b'Poland and Germany remember the start of WWII (video report)' b'Boycott An Israeli peace activist on Apartheid in South Africa and whether a boycott will work for Israel.' b'Hamas has resisted suggestions that Palestinian children should be taught about the Holocaust in UNrun schools.' b'Protesters in the South Pacific nation of Samoa have lost a legal bid to stop a change in road rules that will force motorists to drive on the left.' b'Saddams Military Planes Found in Serbia' b'Hamas Holocaust is a Zionist Lie' b'France Repeated attacks on Christians and Christian churches. Silence in the mainstream media.' Chevron accuses Ecuadorean judge of taking bribes in mammoth Tort case against the company by indigenous residents of the country's Amazon Basin b'The problem is fundamental Founding a modern state on a single ethnic or religious identity in a territory that is ethnically and religiously diverse leads inexorably either to politics of exclusion or to wholesale ethnic cleansing. Put simply, the problem is Zionism.' Fiji has been suspended from the Commonwealth after the South Pacific island nation's military government failed to respond to a demand to begin restoring democracy. b' Access to The Pirate Bay is denied by Irish ISP' b'Dutch prosecutors will charge Arab cultural group under hate speech laws for publishing a cartoon that suggests the death of 6 million Jews during World War II is a fabrication ' b'Slovakian government passes law making it illegal for the Hungarian minority to speak their own language in public' b'% of Women Who Believe Its OK for Husbands to Hit Them' b'Drunks raping women at HIV/AIDS refuge in Papua New Guinea western highlands' b'Former Ontario AG kills a man that was hanging onto his car door by accelerating, swiping him against a mailbox, and running him over. Seriously.' b'A sense of vengeance is the only thing that keeps me alive.' b'How Gypsy gangs use child thieves' b'Strong Indonesia quake kills 15, toll may soar ' 25 year old Iranian protester was allegedly 'killed in prison' b'Secret spy plane used to rescue lost politician.' Ali gets hero's welcome in Ireland b'In the Congo, midwives need the means to accomplish their noble goal of saving women through direct intervention, HIV/AIDS counseling, and nutrition. This is truly a grassroots effort with a humble beginning that literally transforms grass and roots into lifesupporting energy.' b'Two car bombs explode in Athens and Salonika, damaging the Athens Stock Exchange and lightly wounding one woman.' b'Once limited in the Mediterranean sea, now governmentbacked Israel Piracy is expanding to European Waters' b'Japan's new First Lady I rode to Venus on a UFO' b'Pakistan population time bomb' b'Gov't Contractors  Are they all either wackos and/or greedy SOBs?  Lord of the Flies environment at US Embassy Afghanistan' b'Ten Years Of Freedom In East Timor' b'Lockerbie bomber paper trail leads to Gordon Brown' b'Teen heroin addiction out of control' b'Population Growth Expected to Cause a Food, Water and Energy Crisis by 2030' b'Olympic Committee Report Finds No Clear Front Runner For 2016 Games' b'Radio program, Magic Touch, uses Entertainment Education to promote social change at a local level' The president's cousin Odinga has created mass violence in attempting to overturn a legitimate election in 2007, in Kenya. It is the first widespread violence in decades. `Amanzi Ngawethu' (water is ours)  Health and environmental victories for South African activists (with great video) World's Chief Nuclear Inspector Calls Iranian Threat 'Hyped' Norway's pension fund drops Israeli company Elbit Systems Ltd. for ethical reasons as the company supplies surveillance equipment used to monitor the separation wall between Israel and the West Bank b'Not one penny of the $5bn pledged to the Palestinians has reached Gaza' b'Azerbaijan jails two kids for making funny YouTube video critical of government' b'Remember the ship that was hijacked andthen not hijacked before being rescued by the Russian navy? Well the editor who suggested it might have been carrying illegal arms has been threatened and has had to flee Russia' b'The US has halted all nonhumanitarian aid ($200m) to Honduras in the wake of the coup there in June' b'Bristol puts the decision to keep or erase graffiti in the hands of the internet. This can only end well.' b'On one occasion we had it reported to us that at least one member of that family was seen to pick up ducklings in the park and kill them by throwing them against trees. ' b'CHINA Chinese police arrest parents protesting blood lead poisoning in their children' Mormon missionaries kicked out of Guyana, LDS  has previously collaborated with Guyana's main  political opposition  b'China Urumqi quiets down after protest against syringe attacks' b'A controversial Kiwi mayor is being accused of bullying a group of primary school children after he sent them a letter urging them to sack their teacher.' b'What if they were Muslims?' b'Needle stabbings lead to protests in China  Fifteen people have been detained for allegedly stabbing people with tainted syringes in ethnically motivated attacks ...' b'Forty people killed in drugrelated Mexico violence' b'US commanders report paves way for military escalation in Afghanistan!' b'Arguments due in high school football death trial' b'Canadian Government appeals asylum ruling for South African' b'Australia has experienced its warmest August on record amid soaring winter temperatures.' b'Indonesia quake death toll at 46, likely to rise' b'Outspoken Arctic Sea ship commentator flees Russia' b'Thailand Time for democracy movement to be clear about how to fight' b'A Korean camera crew in Gaza documented one of the most heroic actions we have ever seen. It is also a video of some hope. Her courageous action seems, at least, momentarily successful.' Don't speculate about what the Arctic Sea was carrying when it was 'hijackes' in the Baltic, if you live on Russia b'China is buying the equivalent of $50 billion of the first bond sale by the International Monetary Fund.' b'Every MP to receive a copy of Orwell's Nineteen EightyFour' b'Scientists conclude a mud volcano that displaced 36,000 Indonesians was caused by exploratory drilling for natural gas.' b'A bill proposed in Dutch parliament would force women deemed unfit mothers to take contraception for two years.  Fail to comply and the state takes the newborn into custody.' b'Those New Photos of a Healthy Kim JongIl suppplied by North Korea..they have no shadows' b'Thousands of Indian farmers are committing suicide after using genetically modified crops ' b'Man dies in hospital after Calgary police use Taser during arrest on weekend' b'Conflict in Congo, refugees on the move [ Pictures ] ' b'Government to Chinese kids run at least 1km a day to fight obesity, celebrate Communist party' b'Modern day little red riding hood UN reports that Somali woman executed for adultery was instead a raped teen.' German doc moves to Australia to help during doctor shortage; two years later, he's told he can't stay b/c his son has Down's Syndrome b'Greenpeace calls off annual harrassment of Japanese whaling ships to concentrate on clearing the reputations of two activists accused of stealing whale meat.' b'At least two bomb blasts have injured more than 60 people in Thailand' b'Dominican migrant We ate flesh to survive being stranded in the ocean ' b'Israeli troops destroy West Bank settler structures' b'UN finds three internal displacement camps emptied and destroyed in Congo; tens of thousands missing; cholera outbreak possible.' b'Singapore brings contempt of court case against Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones Publishing.' b'Guantanamo Jury Sentences Bin Laden Aide to Life' South Korea facing 'kimchi deficit' Dalai Lama says talks a failure, Tibet 'now dying' b'Pakistanis give Gen. Petraeus an earful on his first visit' For sale Saddam Hussein's luxury yacht b'Crisis Creates a New German Politics' b'Talk or I restart war, Congo rebel tells government' b'Rebel leader says he will continue fighting towards the Congo capital unless the government agrees to public talks.' b'Two top state police officers slain in Mexico, where 12 officers have been killed in five days' No terror arrests in 100,000 police counterterror searches. Germany's role in the world Will Germany now take centre stage? | The Economist Rebellion against 'redundant' airline security rules grows The Australian government just got caughtflying  Afghan fighters allied to Matiullah Khan back to Australia for military training. Thats Matiullah Khan, the notorious warlord the Dutch forces accused of murder and extortion. Iraq War Logs Reveal Details of Dubious Apache Attacks Israeli Rabbi Don't Sell Housing Or Land To NonJews  Selling a house or land in Israel to anyone who is not Jewish is forbidden, Shas spiritual leader Rabbi Ovadia Yosef said during a Thursday morning halacha lesson.  	

Famed writer faces arrest for remarks 
Arundhati Roy has expressed opinions in favor of Kashmiri separatism. Wikileaks Iraq War Logs 15,000 New Civilian Deaths Uncovered in Leaked Files In another life, she might be a university student or a farm girl. Here, she is a prostitute servicing Chinese men in a drugriddled city on the ChinaMyanmar border. Almost 30,000 people have died in drugrelated killings across Mexico over the past four years. Surging price of oil forces US military to seek 
alternative energy sources Wikileaks Iraq War Logs Hundreds of Civilians Gunned Down at Checkpoints Vladimir Putin's 'black eye' sparks rumours. Why WikiLeaks and the Pentagon Papers are not the same  Zimbabwe Destitution and fear among remaining White farmers  A handful of Zimbabwes remaining white farmers say security in the commercial farms was deteriorating at an alarming rate following the brutal murder of former Zimbabwe Tobacco Association head and top tobacco grower Jobus Joubert. Bin Laden threatens France The equation is very clear and simple as you kill, you will be killed; as you take others hostages, you will be taken hostages; as you waste our security we will waste you waste your security,  NZ town evacuated after dynamite find Sweden alarmed by series of 'racist' shootings The Death of Former Argentine President Nestor Kirchner Opens Political Vacuum in Argentina Foreclosure in Spain Can Mean Lifetime Debt to the Bank Mohammed is now the most popular name for baby boys born in UK ahead of Jack and Harry   Somali Islamists publicly execute 2 teenager spy girls In Icy Tip of Afghanistan, War Seems Remote  NYTimes.com The Iron Chancellor in the Euro Trap Haiti cholera outbreak Did aid organizations fail to stop a disease that has sickened thousands? Cambodians beaten, raped and killed at illegal detention camp funded by UN | World news | The Guardian Germany moves to outlaw forced marriages  A new trade agreement being negotiated behind closed doors by officials from the United States, European Union and other countries could drastically reduce internet freedom. Brazil is the world's biggest exporter of beef, poultry, orange juice and sugar cane. It also supplies a quarter of the world's soybeans. A group of scientists is credited with turning Brazil into the agricultural superpower it is today. When devastating floods hit Pakistan, the world rushed to help. But while the horror has slipped from our TV screens, millions remain stranded Zimbabwe Activists Use $100 Trillion Dollar Notes To Make Flyers Protesting Against Mugabe's Dictatorship [with pics] Earthsized worlds much more common than giant planets Nasa's plan to colonize galaxy. First prototype to take us between worlds to be done in the next few years. Russia's Shiveluch volcano erupts Iraq war logs reveal 15,000 previously unlisted civilian deaths French protesters call for bank run Dec. 7 2010 UN Committee votes overwhelmingly in favour of transparency in Depleted Uranium use Armed men rumbled into a gritty neighborhood of the Mexican capital Thursday and gunned down six men hanging around a convenience store, fueling fears that one of the world's largest cities is falling prey to the cartelstyle violence that has long terrorized other parts of the country Australias central bank chief highlights rise of China. The Reserve Bank governor pointedly referred to the loss of US global economic domination, the 'shift in the world economy's centre of gravity towards Asia' and the rise of China, which is now Australia's top export destination. Soaring above India's poverty, a 27storey home There are nine elevators, a spa, a 50seat theater and a grand ballroom. Hundreds of servants and staff are expected to work inside. And now...after several years of planning and construction, the residents are about to move in. All five of them. Ugandan lawmaker Death penalty for gays will be law soon Time Will End in Five Billion Years, Physicists Predict Iran likely to become a member of new UN Women agency board Four Vietnamese girls whose lives are being changed by the chance to go to school China claims supercomputer crown London Bomb found on Yemen to Chicago cargo flight China says talks with Japan have been 'ruined' Former Aussie PM John Howard It was neither unreasonable nor implausible of the Americans to believe that WMDs possessed by Iraq might, at some time in the future, be handed to a terrorist group for use against the US or others, with horrific consequences. He's not even making the troll face... Wikileaks Iraq War Logs Pentagon Response to Publication of Logs 11yearold rape victim forced to give birth after 
being denied abortion Fidel Castro Any time Bush would stir up fear and make a big speech, Bin Laden would appear, threatening people with a story about what he was going to do. What. The. Fuck.  An influential Israeli rabbi has said God should strike the Palestinians and their leader with a plague, calling for their death in a fiery sermon before Middle East peace talks set to begin next week. Asian shopkeepers in one of the biggest Muslim areas in Scotland are backing a boycott of Israeli produce. Palestinian President to Israel We understand Israel's need for security, but it is not an excuse to expand settlements and steal lands. Prime Minister Netanyahu threatens to withdraw funding from theaters whose actors refuse to perform in city located beyond Green Line, says 'the last thing we need is boycotts from within.' Urinepowered fuel cells to offer pee power to people India New Dissent in Japan Is Loudly AntiForeign Red alert issued as Indonesian volcano erupts Palestinians prepare to battle 'Zionist editing' on Wikipedia A volcano in western Indonesia spewed hot lava and sand high into the sky early Sunday in its first eruption in 400 years. SPIEGEL Interview with Iraq's Ayad Allawi 
'Every Corner in the Region Is Frightened' Thousands flee Indonesian volcano  Pakistan town of 250,000 flooded amid fight to rebuild levees | BBC Philippines Call for an independent inquiry on the hostage killings Afghan government forces out prosecutor pursuing cases against corrupt governors and ambassadors Hong Kongers denounce Philippine government over bus shooting 80,000 people in Hong Kong marched Sunday to demand justice for eight dead The long road to Syria   New book reveals full story behind bombing of Syrian reactor by Israel Karzai abuses presidential power to obstruct corruption investigations Longdormant volcano erupts in Indonesia The spiritual leader of Israel's ultraorthodox Shas party wishes death for all Palestinians, including the Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas.  Secrets and Lies Kim Jong Il's Shadowy Visit to China  TIME Longdormant volcano erupts in Indonesia Pakistan stunned by new matchfix claimsPakistan has been left reeling by the latest allegations of matchfixing to plague the country's beloved cricket team with former stars and officials demanding life bans for any players implicated. New bloodshed in volatile Caucasus region There has been more bloodshed in Russia's North Caucasus region over the weekend, with at least 28 militants and four policemen killed in clashes, according to Russian security services. Archeologists Find Gateway to the Viking Empire  For a century, archeologists have been looking for a gate through a wall built by the Vikings in northern Europe. This summer, it was found.  Fidel Castro Osama Bin Laden Is A US Agent  CBSNews  The Taliban through their own eyes [video] Does Your Language Shape How You Think? You bet Russian subs stalk Trident in echo of Cold War.
A specially upgraded Akula stood off Faslane, where the British nuclear force is based, and waited for a Tridentcarrying boat to come out for its threemonth patrol to provide the Continuous At Sea Deterrent.  Amazing pictures of WWIera Britain in colour for the very first time  | Mail Online Fidel Castro Osama bin Laden Is a U.S. Agent  Fidel Castro says alQaida leader Osama bin Laden is a boughtandpaidfor CIA agent who always popped up when former President George W. Bush needed to scare the world.  Wired youth forget how to write in China and Japan Super Cars of Summer Parade in London Streets  NYTimes.com Antarctic cold snap kills millions of aquatic animals in the Amazon Good Idea Sarkozy... A budgetairline ticket from Bucharest to Paris costs just 60  and, as the Daily Mail has learned, many of those sent home have vowed to use the money given to them by the French government to fund their journey back. Swedish opposition party pledges to pull out Afghan troops  Sweden's opposition coalition will start bringing home troops in Afghanistan in early 2011  if it wins next month's election. Bono vs. Putin  A rumble in the Khimki forest leaves just one man standing. Foreign and Afghan troops killed 24 insurgents as they fought off predawn attacks on two bases in eastern Afghanistan on Saturday, officials said, with the Taliban saying suicide bombers the fighters Bradford Smoke bombs thrown at English Defence League protest Lord's Resistance Army spreads reign of terror in South Sudan Italy pays its people to go on vacation Bahrain bans media from reporting on Shiite activists detained ahead of October elections Italian hotels shocked by Israeli behavior Lebanese ruling party Disarm all militias Bedouins, members of Israel's Arab minority who are settled in the Negev Desert in southern Israel, are fighting government plans to relocate them from their traditional homes. PNA welcomes bigger role by EU in peace talks
 CCTV images released following attempted Cheshunt theft  The PRC is the most populous state in the world, inhabited by over 1.3 billion people.  The long history of antiSemitism in Muslim lands
 Crocodile on plane kills 19 passengers Moon Not Only Has Water, but Lots of It Haiti At least 138 people dead, 1,500 infected in its first cholera outbreak for almost a century Al Jazeera first to release WikiLeaks Iraq files US military order not to investigate Iraqi torture. Vatican Banking Fraud Probe Widens Church 'Astonished' It Must Adhere to Money Laundering Laws A Belgian woman convicted of murdering her fellow skydiver and love rival by sabotaging her parachute has been jailed for 30 years. Iraq The War Logs  Massive leak reveals serial detainee abuse and 15,000 unknown civilian deaths  'Staggering' global wealth disparity 
1,000 billionaires worldwide, but average income is $10,000. A small airliner crashed into a house, killing a British pilot and 19 others after a crocodile smuggled into the aircraft in a sports bag escaped and started a panic. Google under fire for using tax loopholes to save $3bn  Israeli Taliban Torch Palestinian Girls' School, Destroy Olive Trees   Israeli squatters just set fire to the store room of a Palestinian girls school...The Israeli illegals left behind graffiti saying regards from the hills. Wikileaks' US docs include assertion that 3 US hikers 
were in Iraq when seized by Iran. UStrained cartel terrorises Mexico  Founders of the Zetas drug gang learned special forces techniques at Ft. Bragg before waging a campaign of carnage. Enraged BBC Newsman Destroys Protester's Sign Leaked Letter Exposes Sarkozys Repressive AntiPiracy Agenda Ugandan gays attacked after being 'outed' by newspaper David Kelly, UK weapons inspector who was source of BBC's 'sexed up' report on Iraq WMD, died of selfinflicted wounds, previously secret files reveal Nuclear submarine 'HMS Astute' runs aground  Indonesian officials have admitted its soldiers tortured several Papuan men, after footage being circulated online showed the men being beaten and humiliated.  ExFlorida State University football player may become the first American in 16 years to be caned in Singapore after he overstayed his visa

 BBC's political editor Nick Robinson loses temper with antiwar protester  grabs his sign to stamp on it [video] Watching the Watchers  Al Qaeda's bold new strategy is all about using our own words and actions against us. And it's working. The paradox of blinking | China's rising global power has attracted relatively little opposition, mainly because China has wisely kept a low profile. Confrontation with Japan may signal a new and more reckless approach Myanmar gets new flag, official name, anthem Britain ConDem government to roll back social gains won since WWII Why is Saudi Arabia stockpiling US weapons? Open for business the brothel with 1,800 prostitutes I give the girls breakfast, lunch and dinner and they get to keep whatever they make. Do you call that exploitation?  Another crash, this time in the currency markets occurred after hours on Friday  DXZ Flash Crash Detonates Entire Currency Complex BBC News  Excerpts Wikileaks Iraq war logs Mexico Gunmen Kill 13, Wound 15, at Party in Ciudad Juarez France Shutdown Over Retirement Age Battle  
Workers are enraged that Sarkozy is reneging on his campaign promise to not raise retirement age.  The European extreme right is peddling Islamic hatred from France to Denmark, from Italy to Sweden. A UN human rights rapporteur says continued settlement construction will probably make Israel's occupation of Palestinian land irreversible. Iraq war logs US spy balloons blew towards Iran | World news | guardian.co.uk Under pressure from the government, the French Senate voted Friday to raise the retirement age from 60 to 62, a victory for President Nicolas Sarkozy after days of street rage, acrimonious debate and strikes that dried up the supply of gasoline across the country. Haiti is in trouble again deadly cholera outbreak has killed 196 already Is Turkey turning its back on the West?  No. But it might if Europe and America cannot come to terms with its success  Cuba unveils new tax code for small business This October Has 5 Fridays, Saturdays, & Sundays, But That Happens Way More Often Than Once Every 823 Years China manipulates currency value, world responds by promising not to retaliate. Darkskinned Swedes live in fear of racist gunman WikiLeaks Founder on the Run, Chased by Turmoil (an interesting New York Times article on Julian Assange). Gaza hardliners launch arson attack on family leisure park  Hamas government is accused of turning a blind eye to crackdown on behaviour in the city by Islamic extremists The European Court of Human Rights ruled Thursday that Russia had violated the rights of gay activists by refusing to allow them to openly protest, and ordered the government to pay a fine and damages amounting to about $40,000. Brazil Enjoying a Growing Number of Potential Housing Buyers Europe Spending Itself to Death  Nicolas Sarkozy's problems in France are a foretaste of fundamental challenges to Western democracies the inability to govern with growing sovereign debt. Death toll rises from Haitian cholera outbreak BBC News  Child contact vetting system set for major review BBC News  Mexico gunmen kill 12 young people at party Not as much a war as an attempt to keep control over a playground where the bullies have automatic weapons and high explosives.  Does anyone see any way that this situation can be won? Canada's Most Conservative City elects Muslim Mayor Dead Sea Scrolls will be available online The UK surveillance state marches on Every email, phone call and website visit is to be recorded and stored after the Coalition Government revived controversial Big Brother snooping plans A major Jewish religious figure in Israel has likened nonJews to donkeys and beasts of burden, saying the main reason for their very existence is to serve Jews Carter Palestinians live in 'cage'  Former US President Jimmy Carter said yesterday that Palestinians are living in a cage in Gaza and that the militant group Hamas must be included in all major efforts for peace. Every email and website to be stored by UK government Norwegians Find Perfectly Preserved Stone Age Site  A Norwegian camping ground is the site of what may become one of Europe's most significant archeological discoveries. Archeologists have found an almost perfectly preserved Stone Age settlement... China Said to Halt Some Mineral Shipments to U.S. and Europe as It Flexes Its New Economic Power Bad parents should be sterilised  PARENTS with a history of child abuse should be forced to have sterilisations, a former Victorian ombudsman says.  Uganda newspaper publishes 'gay list,' calls for their 
hanging Israeli soldier at the controls of a bulldozer that crushed to death 23yrold Rachel Corrie in Gaza in March 2003, is to testify anonymously. Family criticises decision to give evidence from behind screen Britain plans to cut its armed forces by 8% by 2015 Palestinian school set on fire, vandalized with 'regards from the hills' graffiti Thousands of Tibetan students have staged protests in northwestern China, angry at being forced to study in the Chinese language Chinese Rare Earth Embargo Spreads  Carter in Syria Israel must fully lift Gaza blockade | Former U.S. President meets with Syrian President Assad and Hamas politburo chief Meshal in Damascus. Beyond the Church's Reach  An increasing number of Polish women are travelling to Germany for abortions. Even as Poland has modernized and become more European, its laws have failed to keep pace. Tibetan students in China protest over language policy Afghanistan debate drives MP to tears  INDEPENDENT MP Andrew Wilkie has broken down in tears while calling for Australian troops to come home from Afghanistan within months. 
 Ugandan paper outs 100 'top' gays in country  Rights activists say at least four homosexuals attacked after appearing in list published by 'Rolling Stone' paper that included photos. 
 Strikes in Europe Governments, whether conservative or nominally 'left,' are cutting jobs and wages and slashing social programs in complete disregard for the overwhelming opposition of the population. Lebanon the real story behind Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's visit Afghan officials cancel 1.3m votes  more than 20% of parliamentary election's ballots invalid after fraud investigation Sarkozy Stands Firm on Pension Reform as Protests Cripple France Devastating budget cuts to hit Britain U.K. Finance Chief George Osborne announced a program of devastating cuts to the country's budget today, taking away hundreds of thousands of public sector jobs and billions of dollars from welfare.  Frontpage Uganda newspaper story featured a list of 100 homosexuals, with a bright yellow banner across it that read Hang Them. Alongside their photos were the men's names and addresses China fails to block UN report alleging it sold weapons to militias in Darfur in violation of an arms embargo Berliners strip in protest at city's skyhigh rents.The movement is sending shock waves through the normally orderly world of Berlin estate agents Saudi prince jailed for life for murdering servant  A new online game has taken the internet by storm in China about fighting Chinese enforcers who have become deeply unpopular with the public Somali schoolboy tells of how Islamists cut off his leg and hand  Elite Canadian Soldier pleads guilty to 88 charges ranging from stealing women's and girls' lingerie  to sexual assault and murder How Speculators Are Crippling the Copper Industry The results are stark, and prove decisively that not all terrorists are Muslims.  A whopping 99.6% of terrorist attacks in Europe were by nonMuslim groups; a good 84.8% of attacks were from separatist groups completely unrelated to Islam.
 Driver of the bulldozer which killed Rachel Corrie testifies, contradicting his own affidavit. One of the most overlooked and underreported humanitarian crises  More than 10,000 Sahrawis have organized a mass exodus from Western Sahara cities to protest the Moroccan occupation French police open blockaded depots President orders forced reopening of fuel depots closed by workers striking over planned pensions overhaul. The AntiDefamation League has listed Jewish Voice for Peace in the top 10 antiIsrael groups. Nice Guy Nato Using Afghans As Human Shields  After being questioned and having biometric data taken, Dawood claimed he was taken home to fill sandbags as they turned his home into a firing point. They made us walk in front, he said, so if there was a mine we'd hit it. Settlers Race to Build Units in West Bank  NYTimes.com Germans Unfazed by Google Street View Putin aide Sobyanin confirmed as Moscow mayor African Union calls for blockade of Somalia  The African Union sought U.N. approval Thursday for a naval and air blockade of Somalia, as well as more troops and aid to fend off piracy and terrorism in the struggling Horn of Africa nation. Cuban dissident wins top EU rights prize Assange slams Wired for misinformation re WikiLeaks North Korea ready for third nuclear test, say reports | World news | guardian.co.uk 'Viva Palestina' activists deliver tons of aid to Gaza Strip  Most of the activists arrived at the Egyptian port ElArish on flights from Syria, while just 30 activists made the journey with the aid supplies by ship.  Coalition Routs Taliban in Southern Afghanistan The Rise of the Green Party in Germany Why France and Britain are looking for new ways of combining their shrinking armed forces Iceland turns from banks to freedom of speech. Iceland wants companies from around the world to set up their servers there and publish material online without the fear of ruinous lawsuits or censorship. WikiLeaks Files Show Torture, Civilian Deaths and Contractor Abuses [Commentary] Sarkozy's Perfect Storm  The French are not just protesting to stop the retirement age from being raised. They are also fighting to save their country from government sleaze and the dismantling of democracy. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez ordered a 
government takeover of the local unit of U.S. 
owned glass manufacturer OwensIllinois Inc. Tariq Aziz sentenced to death by hanging The British military has been training interrogators in techniques that include threats, sensory deprivation and enforced nakedness in breach of the Geneva conventions Iran loads fuel into its first nuclear reactor Henry Morgentaler, a physician and Auschwitz survivor, ran a decadeslong campaign to legalize abortion in Canada. After prison, persecution and death threats, he won. Film Of What Is Reported To Be Settlers Setting Fire To Palestinian Vehicles In Qusra Sherpa Who Scaled Mt. Everest 19 Times Is Feared Dead After Hit by Avalanche | Updates as of 10/26/2010 112 Dead, 500 Missing after 7.7 Earthquake Triggers Tsunami in Indonesia | Videos | Photos Former British PM, Tony Blair, 'to be called back' to Iraq war inquiry to answer questions about 'gaps' in his evidence Israel is relieved not to be the only war criminal  The voice of joy, the voice of rejoicing is heard in Israel The Americans and British have also committed for war crimes, not only us.
 Wikileaks Iraq War Logs Obama Administration Handed Over Detainees Despite Reports of Torture Syrian Prez US creates chaos in every place it enters  Is Afghanistan stable? Is Somalia stable? Did they bring stability to Lebanon in 1983? Assad asked, referring to US intervention in Lebanon's 15year civil war that ended in 1990. At least 103 people were killed and 150 others were missing after a 7.7magnitude earthquake struck off Sumatra on Monday and triggered a tsunami Report Wartorn states (Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia) are still the most corrupt in the world. Some countries have become more corrupt in the past year, particularly, Hungary, Italy and the US. Scottish citizens finally have the right to legal counsel before being questioned by police.  Powerful earthquake in Indonesia. Tsunami strikes village Tariq Aziz, Saddam Hussein's former deputy prime minister, has been sentenced to death for role in eliminating religious parties Russia's military could be drawn back into Afghanistan for the first time since the Red Army was forcibly expelled by USbacked mujahideen fighters in 1989 Students aim to bolster French protests British Gov to relax immigration laws to attract top talent, will likely decimate the UK IT industry. More than 9.8 million people are held in penal
institutions throughout the world. Almost half of these are in the US (2.29m), Russia (0.89m) or China (1.57m) [pdf] Slovenia elects its first black mayor WikiLeaks ready to drop a bombshell on Russia. But will Russians get to read about it? Colombia's President says Prop 19 could revise the global strategy toward drugs Thirty Congolese women on the border of Angola and Congo were held in a dungeonlike prison and systematically raped by uniformed men Japan's young men seek a new path Gorbachev Nato victory in Afghanistan impossible Argentina's former president, Nestor Kirchner, has 
died, after reportedly suffering a heart attack. A high school teacher who says she has been abused on a social networking website by her pupils has called for the sites to become accountable for defamation as newspapers are Think you've had a hard day? Volcano, tsunami and earthquake kill hundreds in Indonesia . . . Thousands Join Massive Protest in Romania  Ten of thousands of Romanians have joined largescale protests in Bucharest against austerity measures, as the countrys government prepares to face a noconfidence vote in parliament. GlaxoSmithKline ordered to pay out $96 million to 
whistleblower UN Statement on Wikileaks Iraq files A Globalized God | Organised religion on the rise around the world. Cause and effect of globalisation. Pentecostalism, Islam spreading fastest. Growing role in international relations, as religion shapes national foreign policies EU plans to clamp down on carbon trading scam Spanish prostitutes ordered to wear reflective vests for their own safety Leading antiapartheid campaigner and Nobel Peace Price winner Desmond Tutu begs singers to call off Israel tour  South African Times 70,000 people in Myanmar are homeless in wake of cyclone Dual disasters in Indonesia [pics] France Riots Over Pension Reforms While Americans Lose Their Homes in Record Numbers With Hardly any Protest I pity the nation that needs to jail those who ask for justice Arundhati Roy Somalia seen as most corrupt nationUS slips out of top 20 least corrupt Israeli MP cancels visit to Spain fearing arrest  Avi Dichter was head of Shin Bet when a Hamas leader was assassinated in an attack which killed 15 Palestinians, including 11 children  Arab News The politics of Egypt's feeble statistics | Authoritarian governments across Middle East, notably in Egypt, see national statistics as dangerous. Rulers want freedom to lie. Transparency leads to public debate, demands for accountability. UK should not put up with US airport security  BA chairman Tariq Aziz, Saddam's former Foreign Minister, has been sentenced to death, but is the decision justice or vengeance? Bin Laden threatens France The way to preserve your security is to end all aspects of your injustices against our Muslim nation, the most important of which is for you to withdraw from Bush's loathed war in Afghanistan.  Albanian Muslims saved 2,000 Jews during World War II because of a code of faith and honor called Besa Wikileaks UN calls for US to investigate torture claims revealed in leaked reports  The United Nations has called for the US to investigate whether its officials knew about alleged torture and other illtreatment of detainees held by Iraqi security forces. Explicit sex books help drop Uganda's HIV rate. Local authors tell it like it is. What did Ireland get wrong, Rupert? For the past decade Dublin has followed all the advice proffered by neoliberal economists and wealthy businessmen like Murdoch. Military privatisation running amok A convoy of Blackwater guards shot up a civilian Iraqi vehicle, then fired shots over the heads of a group of US soldiers before speeding away in their armoured truck. When the dust cleared, the Iraqi driver was dead and his wife and daughter were injured... 98% of the funds donated to Netanyahu came from abroad Outrage, Applause, Indifference  US Reacts to WikiLeaks Iraq Documents Israelis fired 308 bullets at Gaza bound aid ship  WikiLeaks Iraq war logs Nick Clegg calls for investigation of abuse claims  Any suggestions that the rules of war have been broken or torture condoned are 'extremely serious', says deputy PM. Iran has been giving Hamid Karzai bags, literally plastic bags, stuffed full of cash. Apache helicopter (Crazy Horse 18) fired missiles at two bongo trucks, killing 6 people and wounding one Well, it's their fault for bringing their kids to a battle, joked a pilot after hearing that a young girl was among his victims Grameen Bank and `microcredit' The `wonderful story' that never happened Islamophobia Spawns Crooked, MultiMillion Dollar Industry To Capitalize On HypedUp Fear The Secret Iraq Files Al Jazeera has obtained access to almost 400,000 classified American documents. Torture, claims of murder at the checkpoint  revelations that make a mockery of the rules of combat. This special programme reveals the truth about the war in Iraq A Birthday Party Is The Latest Site Of Bloodshed In Ciudad Juarez. Article Includes Picture Of The Carnage Cleanup Effort. Wikileaks Iraq War Logs Torture Widespread in Iraqi Detention Facilities The new slaves Children forced to work as farm labourers Haiti cholera epidemic hits capital 
 Taiwanese woman 'will marry herself due to social pressure' How China's Censor Machine Works Julian Assange awarded Sam Adams Award for Integrity Rubbish riots in Naples (with fireworks!) Mexico 13 dead in massacre at Ciudad Juarez party France The movement is far from over; Olivier Besancenot defends mass mobilisations to defeat Sarkozy Iraqi PM personally ran secret army squad Afghanistan's President Karzai admits that his office receives $2 million a year in cash from Iran, which he uses for presidential expenses.  Says that he expects it to continue.  He says that the US also provides him with bags of money. Twothirds of the West African nation of Benin  one of the poorest in the world  is under water! WikiLeaks taunts Pentagon with server mirrors in USA  Hosting with Amazon AWS IDF put a Palestinian peace activist behind bars for 9 months based on solely on the testimony of a mental disabled man (a man whom, using interrogation, contradicted himself multiple times and also confessed to crimes he obviously didn't commit.)  Once in court the charges where thrown out. Torture, killing, children shot  and how the US tried to keep it all quiet Apache attack's child victims speak out Cockpit video of gunship attack that killed 19 and gravely injured two children Afghan leader Hamid Karzai confirms report of cash payments from Iran 7.7magnitude quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra island The next emperor China prepares for political succession; and why the west should be wary. Sherpa Who Scaled Mt. Everest 19 Times Is Feared Dead After Hit by Avalanche Cholera outbreak spreads to Haiti capital Iraq protester throws shoes at Australia former prime minister John Howard, live on television (incl video) Nicolas Sarkozy most unpopular French president in more than 50 years New Zealand protests to keep The Hobbit. Thousands of New Zealanders have taken to the streets to demand that two films in the Hobbit franchise continue filming in New Zealand. Facts don't matter, just pander to 'yellow peril' and scare the shit out of American workers. First rule of Afghan War Watch where you step Iraq war logs British blunder may have let alQaida kingpin Zarqawi go free  Debt, the public's burden  Once deeply in debt, Hume said, governments almost always go deeper to escape the consequences of earlier excesses.  Zambian miners shot by Chinese managers Secret AntiPiracy Negotiations, 3 Strikes, And a Taxpayer Funded Campaign   Massive magnitude 7.5 quake in the Kepulanuan Mentawai region, Indonesia. Atlantic Wire Summary of the impact of the WikiLeaks War Logs U.N. urged to freeze climate geoengineering projects 'Child cancer skyrocketing in Iraqi city'. Leukemia (a type of blood cancer) among children under 15 has increased by about four times, said Dr. Janan Hasan of the hospital inaugurated on Thursday in the southern port city of Basra. Works from Iran's Underground Art Scene Millions Are Starving in the Horn of Africa, but Nobody's Talking About it  
The UN calls the ongoing drought & famine in Somalia the worst humanitarian disaster in the world Files found at a Libyan government building show strong cooperation between the CIA and Muammar Gaddafi's intelligence agencies, including shipping terror suspects to the North African country for interrogation Hookers in Germany must plug prostitution parking meter to work on the streets, Bonn officials rule
 Mysterious person in radiation suit appears on Fukushima webcam China Increasingly Uses Tactic of Making Dissidents Vanish  NYTimes.com New species of ancient rhinoceros found in Tibet Vatican admits 'grave failures' in child sex abuse scandal News Corp. compiled secret dossier on lawyer representing phone hacking victims China offered Gaddafi huge stockpiles of arms  Memos found in Tripoli reveal  400,000 people protest across Israel New Shark Species Found in Food Market Vatican rejects Irish criticism over sex abuse  Earlier this summer an official report in Ireland found the Vatican had tried to block authorities from investigating sexual abuse cases. On Saturday, a month and a half later, the Catholic church struck back. BBC News  Italian town Filettino declares independence. The mayor says there is enormous enthusiasm about declaring the independence of the new principality.  12,000 Iraqi Civilians Died in Suicide Bombings, 
Study Says  NYTimes.com Egyptian military closing Gaza tunnels Assange could be prosecuted for the unplanned WikiLeaks release. Germany urges Turkey to end spat with Israel  As tensions mounted between former allies Turkey and Israel, Germany joined the EU and the United Nations Saturday in urging the countries to resolve the diplomatic spat. India, China lose Turkey, Argentina the new growth kings
 Moussa Koussa's secret letters betray 
Britain's Libyan connection  The Independent So, was this a war for oil? China begins anticorruption classes beginning in grade school, use reallife execution cases as textbook examples Why Is The Middle East Still In Thrall To 9/11 Conspiracy Theories? Wounded Syrian protesters being abused in hospitals  Security forces have kidnapped the wounded and even corpses in an effort to crush the antigovernment movement  Mozambique offered farmers from Brazil 50yr leases on 15 million acres of land an area equivalent to over 1/2 the acreage under cultivation in Iowa. The price is right $5.30 per acre vs. a going rate of up to $8,800 per acre in Brazil. Central Somalia clashes claim 30, many wounded  Heavy fighting in a town in central Somalia has left at least 30 people dead and 100 wounded.  Saudi Arabia breaks off ties with Iran  Amid row over Saudi execution of Shia cleric Exclusive UK Government urged to reveal its role in getting Saudi Arabia onto UN Human Rights Council | Liberal Democrat and Green Party leaders call on David Cameron to reveal whether British government supported Saudi bid China halts trading as stocks fall 7% Earthquake measuring 6.8 magnitude strikes India A virus linked to shrinking newborns brains is spreading rapidly beyond Brazil (epidemic of Zika virus suspected) New photos of SpaceX booster show sooty, but undamaged rocket Indian consulate in Afghanistan under attack by gunmen Iran calls off Major Hajj Denmark responds to Swedish border checks with own controls. If the European Union cannot protect the external border you will see more and more countries forced to introduce temporary border controls.  Danish PM David Cameron criticised for turning 'blind eye' to mass executions in Saudi Arabia Denmark introduces temporary controls along German border Israel Retaliates to Hezbollah bombing at Lebanon Border  IDF currently firing artillery at Hezbollah and Lebanese army positions China Aims to Build 40 Nuclear Power Plants in Upcoming 5 Years, Generating 88 Gigawatts According to obtained documents, after rape and forcing inmates to do oral sex, British Soldiers could face charges for possible War Crimes committed in Iraq Western Australian rooftop solar systems producing more energy than its biggest turbine Iranian leaders website posts controversial image comparing Saudi Arabia to Isis After Bahrain, Sudan expels Iranian ambassador from Khartoum Saudi Arabia to cut off all air traffic with Iran, Saudi FM Hezbollah sets off large border bomb targeting IDF heavy vehicles Iranian diplomats given 48 hours to leave Saudi Arabia BBC News Migrant crisis Sweden border checks come into force Teachers claim the politics of austerity is leaving Scottish schoolchildren so hungry they have to steal from their classmates just to be able to eat. The Aftermath of a Muslim Cleric's Execution in Saudi Arabia  AlNimrs death, which alNimrs brother told the Associated Press came as a surprise to even their own family, was seen by some as a warning to individuals, particularly Shiites, against seeking political reforms. Iran 40 arrested for attack on Saudi embassy Oil prices jump over 2 pct on Saudi Arabia, Iran tensions Al Jazeera English reporting evidence found in Libya of a former US Ambassador, and a currently serving congressman have been providing advice to Gadaffi on how to cling to power. Huge WikiLeaks Security Breach Causes Unredacted Documents To Flood The Web Turkey warns Israel You have one day to apologize for Gaza flotilla raid or sanctions begin Rainforest Activist Asks for Protection After Death Threats  
Rubber tapper fears for his life because landowners have offered a $50,000 contract for his death  Hundreds of such killings have been recorded since the 1980s Second giant ice island set to break off Greenland glacier. Astonished scientist says he was completely unprepared for the gobsmacking scale of the breakup, which rendered me speechless. You Are Nobody Thousands find themselves stateless in the Dominican Republic. Over the past seven years, the Dominican government has rewritten its Constitution, reinterpreted old laws and passed new ones, effectively eliminating birthright citizenship.   China confronted Indian warship off Vietnam. The Arab Spring is . . . a primer on wishful thinking in the face of the real world. SAfrica Black farmers sell farms back to whites  Conrad Black on prison life Its quite Spartan, and you are subject to the authority of unskilled labour frequently masquerading as figures of much more natural or earned authority than they actually possess Thousands of young Portuguese professionals emigrating to booming economies of Brazil and Angola Iran says cheap Made in China Qurans full of typos What if the China Model Goes Bad?  Chinas economic growth has been remarkable. But continuing to rely on the notion of a benevolent dictatorship is a serious mistake. Child obesity swells as Italy forgets eating habits China to cut income tax for 60 million people  only 8% of population will be paying taxes now. How Cameron's secret unit choked off oil supplies to Gaddafi's frontline forces Thousands march at Bahraini boy's funeral Shia groups say 14yearold died after teargas canister hit him, a charge denied by the Gulf Arab state's government. The Disinvited The New Libya's New Racism Last resident of town near Fukushima refuses to leave PolishJewish sociologist compares West Bank separation fence to Warsaw Ghetto walls  WikiLeaks fends off cyberattack after release of unedited cables  The United States and Australia have condemned WikiLeaks for publishing unredacted diplomatic cables, saying the move puts lives in danger. WikiLeaks counters that it is committed to making information free for all. Iran Concerned West Will Benefit From Arab Uprisings West Africa Rising Guinea to sign $5.8 billion mining deal with Chinese firm  China Power Investment would finance the construction of a coal power plant, a deep water port, and a refinery in exchange for digging rights. Nepal's former Maoist rebels hand over their weapons Nepal's governing former Maoist rebels have handed over their weapons to a multiparty committee tasked with overseeing the peace process.  Hairsplitting, brazen denials and six decades of dirty tricks  The tobacco industry. WikiLeaks Every law proposal, every ordinance, and every govt report hostile to the net, youth, and civil liberties in Sweden in recent years have been commissioned by the US govt and industry interests 43 die as Russian jet carrying KHL hockey team crashes after takeoff Three Men Hanged For Having Gay Sex In Iran China Increasingly Making Dissidents Disappear After 9/11 airports 'wasting billions' on needless security checks for passengers Remember the Indian Chief Minister who used a private jet to fly a pair of sandals? She's lashing out against the allegations and is calling Julian Assange insane. Wikileaks diplomatic cables from refer to her as corrupt and paranoid Safe nuclear does exist, and China is leading the way with thorium  Telegraph James Murdoch Is Toast as ExEmployees Say He Knew Payoff Implications   Cuba launches world's first vaccine against lung cancer  At least 45 people were injured and nine dead in a blast this morning outside one of the entry gates to the Delhi High Court complex crowded with visitors seeking entry into the premises. Internal security secretary said it was a medium to high intensity blast. Delhi has been put on high alert. Turkey set to sign military pact with Egypt after cutting trade ties with Israel. Politics in emerging markets  The new middle classes rise up  
Marxs revolutionary bourgeoisie finds its voice again BBC News  Swiss move to make its safehaven less attractive. I'm quoting it at length, because it's unlike any press release you're likely to have seen from a major central bank Prodemocracy uprisings are continuing in the Middle East and the Palestinians could soon declare statehood. SPIEGEL spoke with Arab League General Secretary Nabil Elaraby about the Syrian regime's use of violence and how the US has failed to force Israel to negotiate in good faith. UK abortion amendment defeated in the House of Commons China's stateowned firms profited $313 billion in 2010, but only handed in 5% to treasury; lavish spending out of control Death of a Syrian Doctor Why China wants a G3 world Jesus thumbsup ad 'disrespectful' EFF In South Korea, the Only Thing Worse Than Online Censorship is Secret Online Censorship India and Bangladesh sign pact on border demarcation, ending a 4decade old dispute. Israeli settlers vandalize IDF vehicles, apparently in retribution for demolition of three illegal homes in Migron Libyan fighters say Gaddafi 'surrounded' Military council official says toppled leader trapped within 60km radius and will be captured or killed soon.
 Swedish artist plunges to his death in Germany The Swedish car maker Saab Automobile files for bankruptcy in a selfmanaged reconstruction process. Turkish PM suspends all ties with Israel Nigeria shifting currency reserves from US dollars to Chinese yuan Swiss National Bank says it will buy all other currencies in unlimited quantities, causing the Franc to drop 8% instantaneously. Indian politician(yes, statue/sandal jet lady) calls Julian Assange 'mentally ill' and offers to house him in an insane assylum after the leaked US embassy cables described her as a firstrate egomaniac. China is acquiring the means to win without fighting  to establish itself as Asias dominant power by eroding the credibility of Americas security guarantees, hollowing out its alliances and eventually easing it out of the region.  The French Interior minister has admitted that the secret service spied on a journalist from the newspaper Le Monde to trace the source of a leak that embarrassed President Nicolas Sarkozys party. Reluctantly, Europe Inches Closer to a Fiscal Union  The idea is to create a central financial authority [...] that could eventually turn the euro zone into something resembling a United States of Europe. Taiwan Developing New AirToSurface Missile Lawmaker  Designed to Stop a Chinese Invasion as it is Being Staged The African Union and the famine Look the other way  The government in Pakistan's Sindh province has decided to make the Chinese language a compulsory subject in schools. U.N. study savages U.S., European economic policy  The pursuit of austerity measures and deficit cuts is pushing the world economy toward disaster in a misguided attempt to please global financial markets, the annual report of the United Nations economic thinktank UNCTAD said on Tuesday.


 Phone hacking James Murdoch 'told of hacking email' Turkey threatens naval action over Cyprus drilling Man 'seizes child hostage' outside Sydney court A man with a suspicious backpack  possibly a bomb  is holding a child at a courthouse in a suburb of Sydney in Australia, local media say. Woman severs tongue of wouldbe rapist In a SPIEGEL interview, former German Chancellor Gerhard Schrder, 67, discusses the German government's learning curve in the euro crisis and his idea of a United States of Europe. He also addresses allegations that his government helped set the stage for the current common currency woes. Libyan army convoy in Niger may be Gaddafi deal | Reuters News Corp. Announces Layoffs as Phone Hacking Testimony Begins Turkey to impose more sanctions against Israel Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said his country will implement further sanctions against Israel. Libyan army convoys flee across Sahara carrying looted cash and gold The cost of doing business in Mexico now involves bribing drug cartels.
 Since the election of President Viktor Yanukovych in 2010, Ukraine has experienced a significant and alarming deterioration in its democratic framework.  UBS Quantifies Costs Of Euro Break Up, Warns Of Collapse Of Banking System And Civil War German hikers missing in Afghanistan found dead Major setback for agrobusiness European Court of Justice stops honey that contains traces of pollen from genetically modified crops  Wikileaks The chief minister of India's Uttar Pradesh state sent an empty private jet to get a pair of sandals from Mumbai. Iceland says it was bullied over bank debt Iceland's president accused European countries on Sunday of having bullied it into agreeing to guarantee repayment of the debts of a failed bank, reviving a dispute with Britain and the Netherlands whose citizens are owed billions. Giant crocodile captured alive in Philippines.  Tony Blair is one of Rupert Murdoch's 'closest friends' and godfather to his daughter as revealed by Murdoch's wife World War II in Photos The North African Campaign (45 photos) Over 60% of deforested areas in Brazilian Amazon are used for grazing cattle, while only 5% is used for agriculture, finds new government study  Having less than 1 head of cattle per hectare is unacceptable.   It's a waste...  Libya Newly found documents in Tripoli show that on July 16, statecontrolled Chinese arms companies offered to sell $200 million worth of rocket launchers, antitank missiles, portable surfacetoair missiles designed to bring down aircraft, and other weapons and munitions to Gaddafi. Eighteen dead, more than 50 missing and half a million evacuated as Typhoon Talas rips through Japan


 Rome monuments attacked by vandals Palestinians Expect 140 Nations to Back Bid Japan pummeled again typhoon rages through western Japan, at least 20 dead Turkish navy to escort aid ships to Gaza. 


5 people, including managers of 2 companies, have been charged with dumping toxic waste into China's Chachong Reservoir that could affect the drinking water for tens of millions of people Peak of Insanity?
Dutch Dream of Building Artificial Mountain Council of Europe demands truth on CIA 'black sites' Syrias brave demonstrators What makes unarmed protesters defy snipers and tanks for months? Tony Blair revealed as godfather to Rupert Murdoch's daughter In an interview with Vogue, Wendi Murdoch reveals that Tony Blair godfathered one of her daughters when they were baptized in the River Jordan.  Are Turkey and Israel on a collision course? A retired Russian Police officer has been charged for organising the 2006 murder of journalist Anna Politkovskaya Does hard work pay off? Ask the Mexicans  It is revealed that Former Prime Minister Tony Blair is godfather to Rupert Murdoch's daughter. Rendition apology demanded from MI6 and CIA by Libyan Turkey to sign strategic alliance with Egypt Iran arrests teenagers for staging public waterfight, calling it 'very ugly immoral acts.' Israeli passengers arriving in Turkey detained by local police after their passports taken away from them