 100000 march in Irish capital against water taxes Cure for Type 1 diabetes imminent after Harvard stemcell breakthrough An alQaeda money man was employed by the Qatari government despite being officially designated a terrorist by the US. Russia has ordered thousands of troops stationed near the Ukrainian border to return to their bases Cult members face execution after guilty verdict for beating woman to death at McDonald's in China The nine justices of Canadas highest court gather in Ottawa Wednesday to hear arguments into whether terminally ill Canadians should be granted the constitutional right to a doctorassisted death. Revenge porn to be criminal offence with threat of two years in jail UK News. Israel Starts Building 600 New Settlement Houses in East Jerusalem and seized land in the West Bank on Saturday. India evacuates 150000 people as it prepares for cyclone Hudhud to hit at 190 kilometres per hour Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud has narrowly escaped an assassination attempt by the Islamist militant group alShabaab Study finds pay squeeze in UK worst since Victorian age ...and the government says we are in recovery. ExCIA Director Leon Panetta Pakistani spy agency ISI having close ties with terrorist groups is an open secret North Korea says that peace talks are all but scrapped after both sides exchanged fire and antiPyongyang leaflets were released by the South. Finland says Russian navy interfered with Baltic Sea research vessel ISIS Openly Recruits In Indonesia Japan orders Google to 'forget' a user's past  A Japanese judge has ordered Google to remove search results of a man's unflattering past in an order the plaintiff's lawyer compared to Europe's right to be forgotten ruling. A rare Siberian tiger released into the wild earlier this year by Mr. Putin has strayed into China and may be in danger Seven witchcraft suspects burned to death in Tanzania Bolivia votes in presidential election; easy win seen for Evo Morales, a former coca farmer whose brand of indigenous socialism has expanded the role of the state in a booming economy Hong Kong's Chief Executive CY Leung has insisted China will not change its mind on the format for elections in 2017, despite weeks of protests In a TV interview, he said the protests had spun out of control and did not rule out the use of force to end them. One in seven Australians living below the poverty line, survey reveals The UK should expect a handful of Ebola cases in the coming months, the chief medical officer has said. Prodemocracy protesters rallied for a second night in Hong Kong to maintain pressure on the government after it scrapped planned talks with student leaders. Search for Missing Iraqi Cash Ended in Rural Lebanon Between $1.2 billion and $1.6 billion in Iraqi funds were stolen after the American invasion and moved to rural Lebanon, a former United States investigator said for the first time, but the trail ended there Kurds repel ISIL advance into Kobane, but issue urgent plea for support We are asking Canadians living in Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia to consider leaving by commercial means while they are still available. Bones in Tomb Belong to Macedonian King Philip II, Father of Alexander the GreatHe suffered from frontal & maxillary sinusitis likely from old facial trauma. He was blinded when eye hit with arrow in siege of Methone in 354 BC. Woman warrior, likely daughter of Scythian King Ateas, is with him. David Cameron pushes for repeal of U.K.'s Human Rights Act Key Figures In CIACrack Cocaine Scandal Begin To Come Forward Canada's largest addiction and mental health center calls for the legalization of marijuana. Officials admit a defeat by Ebola in Sierra Leone, will now shift focus to training families to treat their own stricken family members at home. ISIL 'publicly executes Iraqi journalist' | Relatives of cameraman Raad alAzzawi say he was killed along with his brother and two civilians near Tikrit. German authorities track down more than 200 ISIL activists Three of UKs big four mobile phone networks are providing customer data to police forces automatically through Ripa Ancient Greek shipwreck could be largest of its kind  The 2,000yearold Antikythera shipwreck in Greece covers a far bigger area than previously thought, say marine archaeologists investigating the site. Ebola outbreak deaths exceed 4,000 Sixteen people were being monitored in a Madrid hospital for signs of Ebola on Saturday, with patient numbers rising as the Spanish government tries to contain recriminations over how it has handled the first outbreak of the disease outside Africa. Core secrets exposed NSA used undercover agents in foreign companies  To infiltrate foreign networks and gain access to sensitive systems, the NSA has deploying undercover agents in Chinese, German, South Korean and possibly even American companies Australian government's counterterrorism laws under fire by civil rights proponents Ebola crisis Death toll tops 4,000 as WHO reveals only a quarter of $1 billion financial aid target raised NSA may have undercover operatives in foreign companies, new documents show First suspected Ebola case in Brazil Emirates chief Tim Clark reveals suspicions over true fate of missing flight MH370 Russia to Import Crocodile Meat to Replace Sanctioned Pork, Beef Reports of WitchcraftRelated Child Abuse On the Rise in London, 36 rescued, 9 still missing after research ship sinks Brazil says man under observation for Ebola tests negative Russia offers India stakes in Siberian oilfields 49% share in YurubchenoTokhomskoye and 10% share in Vankor UN had Qatar pay off AlQaida fighters for release of Fiji peacekeepers Thousands of people will most likely be massacred if Kobani falls to Islamic State fighters, a U.N. envoy said on Friday. There are 700 elderly trapped in the city and 12,000 civilians who have not yet reached the border. 4 ISIS militants were poisoned after drinking tea offered to them by a local resident. Bulgaria Rejects Russia's Charge of Disloyalty For Wanting Western Jets  Bulgaria is a member of the EU and NATO and it does not owe explanations about its sovereign decisions to third parties. About 130 football fans have been detained in Belarus after the entire stadium joined in chanting a wellknown song insulting President Vladimir Putin. After the match, they were taken to the local KGB station, on suspicion of using obscene language, and are expected to receive 5day sentences. ISIS within 8 miles of Baghdad airport, and armed with MANPADs Elephants Worth More Alive Than Dead  Tourism revenue outweighs profits from poaching. New report finds they're worth about 76 times as much alive. Tusks sell for about $21,000 on black market, whereas a live elephant brings in over $1.6 million in ecotourism dollars. Nigerian hoax 'drink lots of salt water to avoid ebola' Results in Two Deaths First Ebola Vaccine Trial Starts in Africa Thousands return to Hong Kong streets in protest Koreas 'exchange artillery fire' Liberia passes law restricting Ebola coverage, journalists can be arrested and prosecuted if they fail to get written permission before contacting Ebola patients, conducting interviews or filming or photographing healthcare facilities Twitter CEO Dick Costolo has claimed that he and his staff have received death threats from Isis Kim Jongun absent at anniversary celebration of Worker's Party of Korea  an event he usually attends. Controversial Cold Fusion Reactor Seems To Work According To Third Party Researchers. Remember that video posted by Greenpeace with a message to Lego a couple months ago? The Lego company responded by not renewing its partnership with Shell and promising to find and use an alternative to plastic by 2030. Spain Nursing staff resign from their posts to avoid treating Ebola cases 'Our youngest martyr yet'  Isil boasts about death of 10yearold  Telegraph Two police officers shot dead in Turkey as tensions rise with the local Kurdish population. Thousands in Mexico demand action over missing students Romania may nationalize Russias Lukoil refinery US Air Force Pilots Say They're Flying Blind Against the Islamic State Australian Ebola case found to be negative. Teenage girls in the Kingdom of Swaziland, South Africa, will be paid 200 rands (11) per month if they refuse to have sex, according to reports. Meat, Eggs Outlawed Indian City Becomes First Vegetarian City in the World Four more mass graves have been found near the southern Mexican town of Iguala, where 43 students went missing last month, officials say. Gorbachev hospitalised, 'determined to fight for life' Japanese are beginning to turn against the whaling industry. According to a new report, Whaling is an unprofitable business that can survive only with substantial subsidies and one that caters to an increasingly shrinking and aging market. China officially admits the existence of Cancer Villages for the first time. German Catholics allow morningafter pill in rape cases Univision reporting rumors of the death of Joaqun El Chapo Guzmn (world's #1 drug lord) after a gun battle in Guatemala. This comes one day after Wikileaks publishes emails saying he is in Guatemala. (story in spanish) Canadian School teachers prank students with Disneyworld trip causing anger by parents and tears by students the next day. Bangladesh protests demanding execution of atheist bloggers turn deadly. Police ban radios in Zimbabwe to prevent those in rural areas without access to mainstream media from getting the latest updates ahead of elections. Pope Benedict retired after inquiry into Vatican gay bishops Heavily armed Islamic Militants from the Philippines invade Northern Malaysia  The world's most powerful drug lord, Joaqun 'El Chapo' Guzman, has been killed in a gun battle between drug gangs, Guatemalan authorities suspect. Egypt imports 140,000 teargas canisters from US. South Korea calls for development of nuclear weapons Parent calls to remove 'religious observance' in nondenominational schools in Scotland Toronto declared sanctuary city to nonstatus migrants Toronto has become the first Canadian city with a formal policy allowing undocumented migrants to access services regardless of immigration status Al Qaeda Tips On Evading Unmanned Aircraft Found In Mali To Block Gaza Tunnels, Egypt Lets Sewage Flow Mexican Drug Cartels Eye Spain As Their New Home Syria conflict Many dead in huge Damascus bombing China holds generals son for gang rape  $2.5 billion in lost income for Egyptian tourism since 2011. Tourism ministry prepares new campaign to promote Egypt by livestreaming images of the country around the world. Three British Islamists convicted of plotting another 9/11 Life expectancy increased by 11 years in South Africa by new HIV combating treatment Egyptian opposition tries to get Morsi blasted into space  You can vote for him, too. North Korea to launch 3G network Switzerland's only bear killed amid threat fears Briton finds 500yearold arrest warrant for Machiavelli UK's most senior Roman Catholic says priest should be allowed to get married and have children North Korea warns U.S. Forces of destruction ahead of drills 'North Korea on Saturday warned the top U.S. military commander stationed in South Korea that his forces would meet a miserable destruction if they go ahead with scheduled military drills with South Korean troops' Iran to Execute 4 Bankers on Fraud Charges Charities say 'neigh' to feeding horse to the poor  A conservative German politician has been slammed for suggesting that poor people be given the meals removed from sale 
German president make English the language of EU 'Europe needs Britain's democratic traditions, political courage and sobermindedness'
 
China has almost 10,000 kilometers of high speed rail now and will have 5 times more by 2020  Forcing China's Airlines to Shift Focus to International Travel A British theatre director working in Uganda was bundled into a car, taken to the immigration department, then to a police station and locked up in a crowded cell. He was kept for five days before being deported. His crime was to have staged a comedy that touched on the subject of homosexuality. A potentially explosive report has linked the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI to the discovery of a network of gay highranking clergy in the Vatican, some of whom were being blackmailed by outsiders. The popes spokesman declined to confirm or deny the report. Lawyer Iranian diplomat quits embassy in Norway, seeking asylum there Iran said it has found significant new deposits of raw uranium to feed its nuclear program and has identified sites for 16 more nuclear power stations, just days before talks with Western powers over its disputed atomic program 100 US military personnel deployed to Niger India's Rice Revolution Top Chinese scientist questions claim of massive harvests, scoffs at claims that fewer seeds plus less water can lead to better rice crop results Big pharma's excuses for the monopolies on medicine won't wash [Businessweek] After Three Years, BP Is Finally Headed to Court. S Korea female president brings gender hopes
Country ranked in bottom third of global equality list, but inauguration raises hopes of tackling issue. UK loses its AAA credit rating Banksy mural removed. Up for auction in Miami.  NPR Horsemeat containing a drug potentially harmful to humans has likely entered the food chain, France says La Repubblica reports existence of underground gay network at Vatican. South Korea nuclear weapons possible within 6 months, a conservative South Korean newspaper says. Missile Defenses Real Enemy Math Our Right to Poison Lessons from the Failed War on Drugs Horsemeat scandal triggers 15% rise in sales for France's equine butchers | UK news Horsemeat scandal's origin lies in the heart of our economic model  Fixing lax regulation won't solve the problem  we need to address the circumstances that created this severely distorted food supply system 
You have the right to Google for a lawyer in Canada 'After a 19yr old struggled to find a lawyer using the telephone, an Alberta court has ruled that police must provide an accused with Internet access to exercise their right to counsel.'
 Bulgaria government resigns after national protests Chinese government involved in cyber espionage; a
Chinese military unit hacked into 141 businesses, mostly inside the U.S., to steal commercial secrets US Catholics urge cardinal to skip papal vote  American group call on cardinal accused of covering up sexual abuse by priests not to take part in electing a new pope North Korean propaganda video shows President Obama and US troops in flames Contact lost with ISS Pirate Party threatened with lawsuit for hosting the Pirate Bay Russia Boy adopted by U.S. lesbian subjected to conditions harmful to his psychological health' Mexican police chief goes missing Wikilieaks releases over 3,000 emails from Stratfor intelligence agency on the Vatican and the Pope  A British man infected with a new virus from the same family as SARS has died, bringing the worldwide death toll from the previously unknown disease to six Gay Afghan man describes life as a homosexual in an oppressive society How Chinese hackers outed themselves by logging onto Facebook 5 minutes, 8 robbers, a $50million haul in diamonds..
With military precision, perfect timing and likely some inside help, a group of eight robbers managed to pull off one of the biggest diamond heists in history in Belgium How Vaccines Have Changed Our World In One Graphic North Korea says tourism 'booming' 'How stupid do you think we are?' An epic letter from American CEO to a French minister Sea Shepherd ship rammed  A French soldier and more than 20 Islamist rebels were killed during what appeared to be the first clashes in the Adrar des Ifoghas mountain range where militants have taken refuge in northern Mali, French officials said on Tuesday. Horror at Sea Adrift for Months, Starving Asylum Seekers Threw 98 Bodies Overboard
 3 minor sisters are raped and murdered and the bodies dumped in a well in India. Australian billionaire to build a hightech replica of the Titanic. It's maiden voyage in late 2016 will be from England to New York. Indian MIT students' big idea caught in US visa limbo  Saudi king swears in first women members of advisory council Obesity worldwide the map of the world's weight Germans couldn't see many of the Russian meteor videos last week because a radio was playing music in the background. The German version of the MIAA wanted a penny per view. Brits Want Marijuana Reforms, Drug Policy Review 'majority of Britons favor either decriminalizing or legalizing marijuana and twothirds support a comprehensive review of all the options for controlling drugs, from legalization to tougher enforcement.' The French language police in Quebec, Canada cracked down on an Italian restaurant because its menu has too much Italian Over 100 million people are striking in India today and tomorrow. Possibly the largest strike in world history. [WATCH] British MP George Galloway storms out of Oxford debate after discovering his opponent is Israeli, tells crowd I don't debate Israelis  More than 20 per cent of Norwegians tuned in to watch a 12hour extravaganza about firewood. Switzerland's only wild bear (Named M13) is shot Chinese activist asks Internet users What does your river look like? India to launch Mars mission this year President You people think that by making these cartoons of the prophet that you are going to deface him. No, you will never achieve this, only thing you will achieve is suicide bombers on your streets spilling so much blood that you'll have nightmares for the rest of your miserable lives.
 15 dead  50 injured in bomb blasts in Hyderabad, India.  Duke of Edinburgh 'The Philippines must be half empty because you're all here running the NHS' Hundreds of children (as young as 9), have been illegally detained & tortured by the Egyptian police following the protests after the 2nd anniversary of the '11 uprising. Those detained have been subjected to beatings, electrocution and forced to strip naked to be drenched with cold water. Banks should be forced to pay much bigger fines if they 'fail' to cooperate with investigations into their misbehaviour, according to the UK Treasury Select Committee Chinese revolt over government plan to ban BBQ in order to fight epic smog problem US senator says 4,700 killed in drone strikes Japan executions resume with three hangings Case Western researchers discover gene that permanently stops cancer cell proliferation Pakistani police accused the country's ambassador to the United States of blasphemy, a crime that carries the death penalty, in connection with a 2010 TV talk show A Rogue Power Vatican May Shield Pope from Growing Prosecution Efforts 'Vatican officials will give the retiring Pontiff sanctuary, arguing that otherwise he would be defenseless  a feeling likely familiar to the Church's many victims of sexual abuse.' Saudi Arabias King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud has sworn in the countrys first female members of the Shura Council, an appointed body that advises on new laws, angering conservative clerics. It is the first time in the countrys history that women have been able to hold any political office. Three British men have claimed they were beaten and electrocuted in the testicles after being imprisoned in Dubai for possession of a cannabis substitute. The men say they were threatened/beaten before being forced to sign documents in Arabic, a language that none of them understand Germans cant see meteorite YouTube videos due to copyright dispute Space Tourist to Announce Daring Manned Mars Voyage for 2018 Federal civil servants in Canada, and in particular scientists, are being muzzled by the federal government  Church of Scientology in Sydney accused of holding a young Taiwanese woman hostage Rats trained to detect mines find 2400 landmines in Mozambique. North Korea expanding gulags, satellite images show As its vice president, the UN Human Rights Council has chosen as Mauritania  a country that allows 20% of its citizens, some as young as 10, to live as slaves. WikiLeaks has published over 40,000 secret documents regarding Venezuela, which show the clear hand of US imperialism in efforts to topple popular and democratically elected leader Hugo Chavez Deutsche Bank Is Caught In A Spiral Of Lies  Leaked internal studies show it had known for years that commodity speculation drove up food prices, but lied to German parliament about it Met Police rape unit 'encouraged' victims to retract cases Chinese Junk Patents Flood Into Australia, Allowing Chinese Companies To Strategically Block Innovation Chinas riskiest property market just collapsed. ..13 percent of Chinese GDP in 2011 came from real estate investment. Nine men accused of gangraping six girls aged between 11 and 15 How Demography Is Changing Japan  The increasingly inverted structure of Japans population pyramid, with fewer young people than old people, means that it will be very difficult to generate the tax revenues necessary to pay for the healthcare needs of the elderly. Lion populations have fallen by 68% in just 50 years  from 100,000 to 35,000 today.  As a member of the radical group Fuerza Nueva, Spaniard Emilio Hellin shot and killed a 19yearold girl in 1980.  After serving only 14 years of his 43yearsentence, he is now employed by the Spanish Interior Ministry as a security consultant
  Oxford sex gang victim aged 11 was 'branded with initial of her abuser' None of Japans 16 nuclear power plants has satisfied the government's proposed new safety standards, making them ineligible to be restarted in the near future, according to an Asahi Shimbun survey.

 Religious Schools in Canada protest antibullying laws, claiming it infringes upon their religious freedom by mandating acceptance of homosexuals Scotland Yards specialist sex crime team 'pressured woman to drop rape claim' against man who went on to murder his two children
 Italy in stalemate after election shock A hot air balloon flying over Egypt's ancient city of Luxor caught fire and crashed into a sugar cane field . . . killing at least 18 foreign tourists . . . It was one of the worst accidents involving tourists in Egypt and likely to push the key tourism industry deeper into recession. Mexican Farmers Turn Into Vigilantes To Fight Narco Traffickers Syrian Regime Launches Missile Strike on Aleppo and Kills 140 Iran tackles 'inappropriate dressing', by teaching chastity and hijab to toddlers Sex, secrets, and the race for the next pope  Pope Benedict is allegedly sitting on a secret dossier of purported scandals at the Vatican. Is there a cardinal alive who can fix this mess?  Iranian media alters Michelle Obama's Academy Awards dress to cover her shoulders Syrias Armenian minority flees from conflict  ArmenianSyrians are fleeing to other countries  as their families once fled to Syria for sanctuary after the 1915 Ottoman genocide.
 Maldives girl gets 100 lashes for premarital sex. 'A 15yearold rape victim has been sentenced to 100 lashes for engaging in premarital sex, court officials said' Compulsive liar jailed after 11 false rape claims in decade Australian Muslim activists lose free speech case. 'Australia's highest court on Wednesday narrowly rejected the case of two Muslim activists who argued they had a constitutional freespeech right to send offensive letters to families of Australian soldiers killed in Afghanistan' North Korea warns U.S. is within range of strategic rockets, nuclear weapons Chinese parents of gays and lesbians demand equal marriage rights 'Homosexuality is a ticking timebomb for the Catholic Church' Explosive claim of former friar who says half of recruits are gay We'll never stop eating whales, declares Japanese minister Afghan teenager whose nose & ears were cut off as punishment for attempting to flee an abusive marriage has revealed her new nose after reconstructive surgery. Aesha Mohammadzai appeared on the cover of Time magazine and became an international symbol of female oppression following her mutilation. Tony Blair People are still 'very abusive' to me 10 years after the Iraq War 9 year old boy hangs himself because he was being bullied for being white. Evidence is mounting that Chinas government is sponsoring the cybertheft of Western corporate secrets. Minister 'ban smoking in cars carrying children' Beijing Restaurant Sign Triggers Fury  Sign at popular tourist spot  bars citizens of nations involved in maritime disputes with China,  triggering outrage among Vietnamese & Filipinos. It reads  This shop does not receive the Japanese,  Philippines, Vietnamese & dogs.  It's gone viral.



 At least 5 dead in Swiss workplace shooting New Zealand man eaten by Great White, Police shoot at shark. Deforestation rate in Venezuela reduced by 47% Amsterdam to raise prostitution age, bring in brothel closing hours. Niger arrests doctors after Bill Gates charity graft probe  Niger arrested about 20 doctors suspected of embezzling funds from a charity set up by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to promote vaccination in poor countries, judicial and police sources said on Monday. Antiprotest Bahrain bans import of plastic Guy Fawkes masks
 U.N. told atheists face discrimination around globe An accused rapist was allowed to walk free and later kill two children as a result of a London police policy to manipulate crime statistics by failing to record sexual assault allegations  Black Canadian police officer faces charges for not investigating racial taunts directed at him.  I was treated like a dog. In conservative Pakistan, everybody must get stoned. The garbage man doubles as a dealer, and you can light up in a prominent Sufi shrine  never mind the death penalty. The United Nations brought a deadly strain of cholera to Haiti that killed 8,000 people but accepts no responsibility for the disaster Salafists fail to stop 'Harlem Shake' in Tunisia North Korea prison camps 'like the Holocaust', survivors who escaped say A pilot will attempt the 10,500mile trip from Sydney to London using a fuel that has never before been tested in the air  and is produced entirely from plastic waste  Lessons From the Failed 'War on Drugs'  The global 'war on drugs' has cost billions & taken countless lives, but achieved little. Politicians & experts are joining calls for legalization. Following the journey of cocaine from a farm in Colombia to a user in Berlin sheds light on why. UK's first cat cafe to open in London in May. Customers will be able to stroke and play with 1015 cats as they enjoy their daily coffee. 4 arrested in Egypt for 'Harlem Shake' Park Geunhye will be sworn in as South Korea's first female president on Monday The Court of Appeal for Ontario has ruled that if a cellphone is not passwordprotected, police making an arrest can search it without a warrant

 Censorship is alive and well in Canada  just ask government scientists Four killed in Bangladesh clashes over atheist bloggers  At least four people were killed and over 200 injured in Bangladesh on Friday as hundreds of Islamists clashed with police here and other major cities demanding execution of atheist bloggers they accused of blasphemy Shocking revelations of murder, sexual abuse of boys, civilians being shot, and kidnaps are exposing the state of Afghanistan's security forces in a Panorama investigation. Afghan forces running bases that British soldiers secured are barely able to function/pose no challenge to the Taliban. Around 3,000 Palestinian prisoners refuse food after death of fellow inmate Let's talk about the exodus of 600,000 whites from London Food giants still flouting code on promoting baby milk formula in developing countries. Research in Pakistan finds companies giving free gifts and misleading literature to mothers and health workers African leaders meeting in Ethiopia sign deal to end two decades of fighting in Democratic Republic of Congo Thief distributes money among poor in Paraguay One of the worst in the world Indonesia ranked last in a landmark education report that measured literacy, test results, graduation rates and other key benchmarks in 50 nations. Only a third of Indonesian students complete basic schooling Photos of Transnistria The Country that isn't Really a Country EU sues Sweden over environmental 'inaction' Karzai expels US special forces from Afghan province. The Lost Tribes of the Amazon  	Often described as uncontacted, isolated groups living deep in the South American forest resist the ways of the modern worldat least for now  Fauja Singh ran his first marathon at age 89 and became an international sensation. Now 101 years old, he will run his final race on Sunday in Hong Kong  and try to find peace with a Guinness World Records slight. In Syria, new influx of weapons to rebels tilts the battle against Assad. 'A surge of rebel advances in Syria is being fueled at least in part by an influx of heavy weaponry in a renewed effort by outside powers to arm moderates in the Free Syrian Army, according to Arab and rebel officials' Mali radicals recruited child soldiers at schools. An untold number of children are believed to have been killed in the January fighting.  Canadian Election tampering court case moves ahead with key evidence being considered. Vatican Slams Media Reports Of Gay Scandal All four suspected Ebola cases in Spain test negative for the disease Pope Ousts Top Vatican Judge Known For Incendiary AntiGay Comments. South Korea prepares for 10Gbps broadband; transfer 1GB file in 0.8 seconds Rome mayor defiantly registers 16 gay marriages within spitting distance of Vatican Military alert over 'foreign subs' off Stockholm Leaked details of TransPacific Partnership Agreement (TPP) negotiations reveal that Australia is pushing an approach to copyright enforcement in the region that appears to ignore broader public interest concerns in favour of the supporting rights owners Humble Spud Poised to Launch a World Food Revolution  Dutch team pioneering development of crops fed by sea water. The salttolerant potato is a game changer. We dont see salination as a problem, we see it as an opportunity. Finally, Nigeria's Kidnapped Schoolgirls Are Coming Home Nasa telescope spots galaxy 13 billion lightyears away  Telegraph Prodemocracy demonstrators in Hong Kong have retaken streets in the Mong Kok district cleared by the authorities just a few hours earlier. Iran warns that it may send military forces to Pakistan Secret space plane lands at US air force base after unknown twoyear mission Resembling a small space shuttle, the X37B landed in southern California after a 674 days in orbit on a secret missio Colombia only country to donate to UNs Ebola fund Iceland Is Experiencing Its Biggest Continuous Volcanic Eruption in Centuries Russian activist who investigated the deaths and disappearances of Russian soldiers in Ukraine has been jailed 14% Of All The Cars Sold In Norway In September Were Electric Vehicles At least 39 climbers died on a key Nepali hiking route after it was hit by major snowstorms and avalanches earlier this week, officials say. Ebola diagnosis delayed after Air Canada refuses to transport blood sample India launches air quality index to warn over dangerous pollution events Index will track eight major pollutants, after World Health Organisation said New Delhi was worlds mostpolluted city A Russian container ship carrying hundreds of tonnes of fuel has lost power and is adrift off the coast of British Columbia. There are concerns that high winds could run the vessel aground  with the potential to cause an environmental disaster. South Korean safety official dies in apparent suicide after concert tragedy US was prepared 'to use nuclear weapons against North Korea' if troops crossed border Tens of thousands take to UK streets in pay protest Palestinian leader Mahmud Abbas on Friday called on his people to prevent Israeli settlers from entering Jerusalem's flashpoint AlAqsa mosque and use all means to protect the site A Russian container ship adrift off Canada's west coast is being towed away from land China's moon rover is alive and analyzing moon rocks Report All Major Oil Companies Knew of Climate Change by 1970s Russia warming '2.5 times quicker' than global average Indian doctor from Bangalore designs less than 1$ device to give patients their lost voice back Shin Bet Jewish extremists seek to overthrow Israel's gov't and crown a king Saudis to return 3 Indian workers who filmed their employer's brutal treatment First Indian Prime Minister to visit Pakistan today after a gap of over 11 years Tea containing cocaine accidentally being sold in Italian shops Turkish Internet servers reeling under huge cyber attack French immigration to Israel at alltime high Russia Asks Erdogan to Keep Promise of Resignation The governor of the Central Bank of Trinidad and Tobago has been fired after releasing the names of companies that have bought onethird of the foreign exchange sold in the last three years U.S. held secret communications with Syrian government; explored ways to encourage a military coup in 2011 Somali Minister No Ban on Christmas, New Year's Parties Indian and Russian leaders signed defence, energy and other deals. Tajikistan bans Christmas and New Year Celebrations Dozens Reported Dead in Nigeria Gas Plant Explosion Visa and MasterCard block Russian banks under US sanctions Six civilians wounded in cultural center bombing in Turkeys southeast Iraqi forces to retake Mosul from Islamic State after Ramadi secured PM The US just bombed the taliban Chinese Rover Yutu Finds New Type of Lunar Basalt MSF refuses U.S. apology, demands investigation after 'shocking' attack on Afghan hospital Pope Francis in his Christmas homily denounces materialism Serbia rejects US idea for Kosovo's UN membership Norway Has More Money Than It Knows What To Do With Our biggest challenge is that our oil wealth is so huge we run the risk of wasting it on substandard projects that are not profitable enough. Obama's top aide We lack 'irrefutable, beyondareasonabledoubt evidence' on Syria A 58yearold Uruguayan man who disappeared four months ago in the remote Andes Mountains was found alive on Sunday, after he spent a brutal winter eating rats and raisins to survive, local media reported. Why Dubai's Islamic Austerity is a Sham, Couples who publicaly kiss are jailed yet the state turns a blind eye to 30,000 imported prostitutes Obama Administration Denies AP Requests For Syria Evidence 'Saddam used chemical weapons on Iran with no hullabaloo from the West'  Ex British Foreign Secretary Russia urges Assad to give up chemical weapons France strengthens separation of Church and State by unveiling a charter of 15 rules to uphold secularism, that will be displayed in every school in the country Obama Is Going To Struggle To Even Get 100 Syria Votes in The House First Detection of Water Ice on Saturn by Cassini Spacecraft Al Nusra Front Rebels Start Killing Syrian Christians After Retaking Village From Government Forces The Chinese dissident whom Yahoo helped put in prison eight years ago is finally a free man. Fantastico to reveal latest Snowden leak  US government spied on Brazilian oil giant Petrobas Syria chemical weapons attack not ordered by Assad, says German secret service ATMs that allow you to exchange cash for Bitcoins coming to Canada this fall. 5 Bitcoin kiosks, similar to ATMs, are coming to Canada, with the first machine expected to land in Vancouver in early October. Assad Tells PBS' Charlie Rose Syria Prepared to Retaliate if Hit The U.S. government tapped into computer networks of companies including Google Inc. and Brazilian staterun oil firm Petroleo Brasileiro SA, according to leaked U.S. documents Sudanese woman Amira Osman Hamed refuses to cover her head, faces flogging Afghan authorities slam NATO after drone strike kills 16 civilians Public concerned over growing use of Tasers by police in UK US planning three days of Syria attacks Al Qaida fighters among rebels who seize Christian village in Syria German intelligence indicates Syrian government forces may have carried out a chemical weapons attack without the permission of President Assad Confidential documents have revealed the formidable lobbying operation waged by tobacco giant Philip Morris seeking to undermine efforts to make cigarettes less attractive to children and women, and force packs to carry larger health warnings. Russia to push Syria to surrender chemical weapons Germany's retailers want to pay farmers directly for keeping their animals in better conditions than legally required. An eightyearold girl died of internal injuries on the first night of her arranged marriage to a man more than five times her age Japanese professor pushes for Hide and Seek at the Olympics No attack on Syria, no matter what, say voters Christian televangelist Pat Robertson is threatening legal action against a Canadian documentary team over their film alleging that Robertson used a bogus charity as a supply line for his diamond mining business in Africa. US intelligence agency has the capability of tapping user data from the iPhone, devices using Android as well as BlackBerry, a system previously believed to be highly secure Bank of America Blocked Donations to the Wikileaks Party Damascus repeatedly rejected commanders requests to be allowed to use chemical weapons, radio transmissions captured by a ship of the German Navy crossing off the Syrian coast shows. Reuters confirms that the U.S. Government doesnt know who ordered the CW attack in Syria on August 21. Russian lesbian author Masha Gessen pleads 'Get us the hell out of here'. Says Kremlin has unleashed an 'allout war' on gay people A Wall Street Journal oped cited this week by both Secretary of State John Kerry and Sen. John McCain has drawn scrutiny for not disclosing writer Elizabeth O'Bagy's ties to a Syrian rebel advocacy group. French consulate worker arrested at Israeli border with 334 pounds of gold and $2 million in checks Today's middle class feel oppressed in the same way as Marxs 19thcentury working class We say no war Protesters across the world rally against military strike on Syria Church of England has 10m invested in arms firm. Children removed from Christian sect after German police raids  rods used were soaked in oil to make them more pliable during a beating, when children were allegedly struck on their bare feet, arms and backs...as the children were removed [by police] they showed no emotion towards their parents Dubai police have intercepted a shipment of over half a ton of ivory. Found at Dubai International Airport, the haul was described by police as being one of the largest found in the emirate. Syria western activists volunteer to become 'human shields' 90% of the condom vending machines installed at public places in India have gone missing Afghans say NATO airstrike kills 15, including women and children; NATO says 10 insurgents die Murdoch celebrates conservative victory in Australia with Twitter tirade. News Corp chief rejects claims his newspapers swung election against Labor instead saying it was due to 'public [who were] sick of public sector workers and phony welfare scroungers' CNN has videos of alleged Syrian chemical weapons use that White House showed senators to bolster strike support. Police used teargas to contain street protests on Saturday in several Brazilian cities, stopping demonstrators from disrupting Independence Day military parades and an international soccer game between Brazil and Australia. Pakistani president becomes first democratically elected leader to finish a full term. Protests Fill City Streets Across Brazil Sir David Frost, broadcaster and writer, dies at 74 Fukushima radiation levels 18 times higher than previously thought Quebec hotel sues former guest over online review The hotel is suing a former guest for $95,000 in damages over a review he wrote on the travel site TripAdvisor. Syrians warn U.S. that Al Qaeda has hijacked revolution 'Arab news broadcaster Al Jazeera was spied on by the National Security Agency, according to documents seen by SPIEGEL. The US intelligence agency hacked into protected communication, a feat that was considered a particular success.' Spain's youth unemployment reaches record 56.1% President Obama To Seek Congressional Authorization for Syrian Air Strikes The Most Efficient Health Care Systems In The World 'among the 48 countries included in the Bloomberg study, the U.S. ranks 46th, outpacing just Serbia and Brazil... worse than China, Algeria, and Iran.' Peruvian government declares state of emergency in 10 regions due to unusually cold weather and heavy snowfall, which has killed thousands of farm animals. Yemen Prime Minister survives assassination attempt. Demand for Shark Fins Dropping Due to China's Crackdown that's Forced Decline in Lavish Banquets & Extravagance  Hong Kong also shows significant decline in consumption. The culture is changing in Asia among younger people. They aren't eating shark fin soup as much. Syria allies Why Russia, Iran and China are standing by the regime France, following US and UK, applies brakes on Syrian war rhetoric India plans to ban Gmail for government workers after Snowden leaks The move is intended to protect confidential government information from US intelligence agencies. Let's not let discussions about Syria become fact free, here's a good summary of how we got here Catholic Church in Australia succeeds in lobbying against charity watchdog We are fighting for survival, Pacific islands leader warns, as lowlying atolls grow uninhabitable because of rising seas, severe floods, droughts & storm surges. Climate change has already arrived. Marshall Islands to host summit for largest greenhouse gas emitters, including US, China & EU. 2 Canadian Navy ships collide during manoeuvres. Radiation readings spike at water tank at Japan's ruined nuclear plant EU plans to fit all cars with speed limiters Terrorist attack on Suez Canal ship 'foiled' in Egypt  Reports of two blasts, but Panamaflagged vessel remained undamaged. Syria crisis Britain will play active role in military action despite vote defeat Beneath Greenland's ice scientists have discovered a 460mile megacanyon A hugely popular self styled godman / guru in India is arrested for rape of a 19 year old Fukushima radiation levels spike, now at Threat Level Serious Romanian government changes environment law to allow Canadian mining company to start building the biggest cyanide gold mine in Europe wiping out from the face of the earth 4 mountains, ancient roman galleries and forcing people to move from their home. Protests start all over the country. She did it! Diana Nyad, 64, completes 103 mile CubatoFlorida swim after 5 attempts CIA files prove US helped Saddam Hussein as he gassed Iran Lenovo chief shares $3.25 million of bonus with staff  Most are hourly manufacturing workers. As you can imagine, an extra $300 in a manufacturing environment in China does make an impact, especially to employees supporting families Russias early radars detect launch of two ballistic rockets in Mediterranean  Defense Ministry More and More Journalists Are Being Kidnapped in Syria Russia Issues Travel Warning About United States Syrian president Bashar Assad challenges U.S. and France to publicly show proof of chemical weapons use Obama To Meet With LGBT Activists While In Russia After canceling a bilateral summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin while there for the G20 summit, Obama may anger the Kremlin further by meeting with Russian activists  including from LGBT groups It's natural  Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd argues in favour of samesex marriage on national television Swiss banks say they're sorry for assisting tax cheats 2 most wanted poachers were among 7 people arrested by Kenya Wildlife Service in Tsavo conservation area over the weekend. They were found with 200 snares. The wanted suspects were also found in possession of poisoned arrows and game meat. Vietnam just banned doing pretty much anything online Israel says carried out joint missile test with U.S. in the Mediterranean Brazilian government plans national 'antisnooping' email system France release videos of Sarin Gas attack in Syria [www.defense.gouv.fr] Amid the tempest over Syrian chemical weapons, an irony stands out. After two decades of bloody struggle between the West and alQaedas global jihadist franchise, those bitter adversaries suddenly find themselves fighting on the same side. France declassifies a report about chemical attacks. Assad threaten France. Market Tumbles After Russian Report Of Missile Launches Egypt shuts down four TV stations including AlJazeera Topsecret U.S. intelligence files show new levels of distrust of Pakistan U.S. intelligence agencies spend millions to hunt for insider threats, Snowden document shows  individuals with connections to alQaeda and other hostile groups have repeatedly sought to obtain jobs in the intelligence community Seoul says N. Korean nuclear program 'real threat' Canada has given $5.3million to the Syrian opposition to support the rebels in antigovernment propaganda since April 2012, according to the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFAIT). Mystery solved Israel declares successfully launched the missiles in the mediterranean today Two thirds of Britons say they would not care if relations with the USA were damaged by Parliament's rejection of Syria intervention Swiss banks to divulge names of wealthy US tax avoiders, pay billions in fines Pope Francis condemns the use of chemical weapons and asks for peace on Syria War, never again. Violence never leads to peace, war leads to war, violence leads to violence. Obama 'has the right' to strike Syria regardless of Congress vote, says Kerry Germany is Withdrawing 674 Tons of Gold From Foreign Central Banks. The DEA has been listening in on everybody's phone calls since 1987. Saudi Arabia backs US strike against Syria The Big 3 Canadian telecom companies are trying to convince Canadians that outside competition is bad for them through a massive internet and radio ad campaign. Mexicos Lost Drug War  Corruption is so deep within the govt that its become a war for drugs, not against. I cant say freedom of expression exists when I have to live with roundtheclock bodyguards. Journalists in other countries can walk freely on the streets & I cant. Fukushima's toxic water pool grows as Tepco dithers ' largest pool of radioactive water in the history of nuclear accidents' Did you hear that a group of 400 angry farmers attacked and destroyed a field trial of GMO rice? That was a lie. Reality was a small number of activists while farmers (who had been bussed in to attend the event) looked on in dismay. The Syrian Electronic Army has defaced the Marines.com website posting a message to all US marines 'Mexico's war on drugs is one big lie' British government let company export nerve gas chemicals to Syria in 2012 while Syrias civil war was raging Australia's HEMP Party formally launches election campaign with a call for cannabis to be legalised for personal and medical use, just as it is now for industrial purposes The US National Security Agency spied on the communications of the Brazilian and Mexican presidents, and used a program to access all Internet content the Brazilian president visited online The National Security Agency's spy program targeted the communications of the Brazilian and Mexican presidents, and in the case of Mexico's leader accessed the content of emails before he was elected, Greenwald said Sunday Context for Syria Bombing Campaign on average, US has bombed another nation at least once every 40 months since 1963 France to declassify secret documents detailing Syria's arsenal of chemical weapons Russia Rejects U.S. Evidence on Syrian Chemical Attack Vietnam internet restrictions come into effect  A controversial law banning Vietnamese online users from discussing current affairs has come into effect Syrian Cabinet Minister calls for preemptive strikes on U.S. Ecuador To World Pay Up To Save The Rainforest. World To Ecuador Meh. Taliban target U.S. army base in Afghanistan, attack ongoing Japan considering dumping Fukushimas radioactive water into the Pacific 36 hours before the Australian election and in the middle of an advertising blackout, the party in the lead declares they will filter the internet by default. 'Jurassic Park' Emerges Out of Venezuela Oil  Finds include an armadillo the size of a Volkswagen, crocodile bigger than a bus, sabertoothed tiger, featherless chicken resembling an iguana, & 10 ft pelican. Paleontologists aim to find human fossils. We've have already found spearheads. India 6 year old rape victim has been ordered by a caste council to marry her rapist's 8 year old son. During the period of negotiation, the rapist raped the girl again. Even with 8 times the fresh water of France, Venezuela can not supply clean drinking water because Santeria Witch Doctors keep dumping their sacrificial carcasses in the reservoirs. Swedish Reporter Asks Obama if Nobel Peace Prize Presents Dilemma When Planning Syria Attack PayPal freezes funds of Mailpile  a secure mailing solution under development based in Iceland China joins Russia in opposing military strikes Reporter tries to cook egg with London's 'deathray' building  gives up when his hair starts to catch fire Furious about a report that the U.S. government spied on her private communications, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff may cancel a planned White House visit and downgrade commercial ties unless she receives a public apology Russia says it's compiled 100page report blaming Syrian rebels for a chemical weapons attack Kerry portrait of Syria rebels at odds with intelligence reports Mexico City mulls legal marijuana 'clubs'  The Mexico City council is considering the legalization of cannabis plants and the creation of private marijuana smoking clubs as it mulls controversial legislation to liberalize consumption Daughter furious after police Taser her 80yearold mother Russia releases key findings on chemical attack near Aleppo indicating similarity with rebelmade weapons Russian president signals he will take action if America strikes at Assad Syria rebels linked to alQaeda target Christian village Proposed Russian Law Takes Children From Gay Parents Syrian Rebels Attack Christian Village Pope Francis writes letter to President Putin of Russia ahead of G20 summit about Syria I make a heartfelt appeal for them to help find ways to overcome the conflicting positions and to lay aside the futile pursuit of a military solution Russians send official request to meet with U.S. Congress  CNN Political Ticker LSD may actually be good for you, says study U.S. intelligence agencies did not detect the Syrian regime readying a massive chemical weapons attack in the days ahead of the strike, only piecing together what had happened after the fact, U.S. officials say. Russia warns of catastrophe if Syrian reactor containing radioactive uranium was hit by U.S. strike US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Wednesday that Russia was a supplier of chemical weapons to Syria Russia Warns Of Nuclear Disaster If Syria Is Hit All major commercial TV networks in Australia refusing to air ad critical of Murdoch's biased coverage of the election. Putin The problem is not that were defending Snowden. Were not. The problem is that we dont have a mutual extradition treaty with the US. They refused to sign such a treaty. And they don't extradite our criminalswho have tortured people, trafficked people, whose hands are covered in blood Sweden grants blanket asylum to Syrian refugees. All Syrian asylum seekers who apply for asylum in Sweden will get it Putin accused Secretary of State Kerry of lying after Kerry denied AlQaeda existence in Syria. He lies and he knows he lies. It's pretty sad. In lieu of military intervention, Britain vows to 'lead the world' in providing humanitarian aid for Syrian refugees Radiation Levels At Fukushima Soar By Over 20% In Three Days, Hit 2,200 mSv And Rising Vladimir Putin calls Edward Snowden a 'strange guy' China now has a higher rate of Diabetes than the United States with 114 million diabetics. Putin warns US against Syria military action We have our ideas about what we will do and how we will do it in case the situation develops toward the use of force or otherwise. We have our plans. Facebook considers adding people's Facebook photos to facial recognition database. More than 300,000 attempts were made to access pornographic websites at the Houses of Parliament in the past year, official records suggest. The area of the Amazon where Ecuador plans to drill for oil contains a much higher density of jaguars than anywhere else on the planet Obama wins support for limited strike in Syria. Vote expected next week. Syrian Electronic Army revealed Anonymous hacks SEA website, dumps data. After claims that Syrian regime used chemical weapons on its own population, Anonymous struck, revealing personal information of key members within the Syrian Electronic Army. David Cameron rules out any future military action in Syria The Vatican is ramping up its opposition to threatened military strikes against Syria as it draws attention to Pope Francis' plans to host a day of fasting and prayer for peace this weekend. We all thought Libya had moved on  it has, but into lawlessness and ruin Putin Russia can support Syria strike if proven that Assad used chemical weapons 80,000 South African gold miners go on strike Hands off Syrians form human shields outside possible US strike targets, say they are ready to die when bombs start falling. Oldest Known Land Animal from Gondwana found in South Africa a 350millionyearold fossilized scorpion Japanese Government Will Bankroll a Giant Ice Wall at Fukushima Obama says U.S. credibility on the line in Syria response My credibility is not on the line. The international community's credibility is on the line. And America and Congress' credibility is on the line, because we give lip service to the notion that these international norms are important. First CIAtrained Syrian rebel unit about to join fighting against Assad regime, says Obama UN Chief Discourages Further Militarization of Syria Conflict President Obama Calls for Yes Vote On Syria, Even If Public Opposed Tony Abbott will be Australian prime minister after decisive election victory Kenya urges world to impose moratorium on ivory trading to save wildlife 20,000 North Koreans 'disappear' from gulag For France, U.S. delay on Syria fuels doubts You [the U.S] have way more cruise missiles than we do. Its not even comparable. If we were going to fire 200 of them into Syria, it would be like half the arsenal we have. We do not use them like you do. We use them to take out strategic targets Poachers have used poison to kill 41 elephants in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park Not Just Russia Italy, Other Europeans Sold Plenty Of Weapons To Syria Direct link between Assad and gas attack elusive for U.S. Fukushima tank leak may have mixed with groundwater, Tepco reckons 41 Zimbabwe elephants poisoned with cyanide in worst national case ever. Police in Zimbabwe arrest 6 men accused of poisoning watering holes frequented by elephants for $120,000 worth of ivory. EU agrees that all indications on Syria chemical attack points to Assad  'but that any potential military attack against it should wait for a U.N. inspectors report.' Julian Assange's WikiLeaks Party Underwhelm Everyone With Australian Election Results Syria Al QaedaLinked Rebels Target Christians Russian Sends Another Warship To The Coast Of Syria, Picks Up Special Cargo Before Setting Sail How Intelligence Was Twisted to Support an Attack on Syria Hafiz Saeed, a Pakistani Islamist with a $10 million U.S. bounty on his head, appeared openly at a rally in Islamabad on Friday, denouncing India as a terrorist state as thousands of his supporters called for holy war against the rival nuclear nation. WikiLeaks case sparks UN criticism of US government's torture of Bradley Manning Syria strike could bring Raytheon payday Syrian jihadi groups protest U.S. strikes The leading hardline Islamist group in northern Syria issued a statement on Facebook cautioning its followers against supporting U.S. intervention, saying it would only serve U.S. interests and not the cause of those seeking to topple Bashar alAssad G20 nations to crack down on tax cheats, agree to share records by 2015 Syrian Anarchist Challenges the Rebel/Regime Binary View of Resistance Obama rejects G20 pressure to abandon Syria air strike plan Protests continue in Bucharest against goldmine plan in Rosia MontanaAbout 1,000 people gathered in Bucharest on Tuesday night for a third day of protests against plans for Europe's biggest opencast goldmine. Egyptians Vehemently Opposed to Strike in Syria Dennis Rodman  That's not my job to ask about Kenneth Bae. Ask Obama about that. Ask Hillary Clinton, he told a throng of reporters. I don't give a shit. New documentary shows how televangelist Pat Robertson defrauded millions in aid donations to fund a diamond mining venture in the Congo US and UK spy agencies defeat privacy and security on the internet Cameron's UK Porn Filter Also Blocks VPNs India Rapist dies after victim's family members burn him alive Feds Beg NY Times, Pro Publica Not To Reveal That They've Inserted Backdoors Into Internet Encryption U.N. Calls for a Public Debate on Snowden Revelations Curved 300milliondollar London skyscraper is not just melting cars with sunlight  it has also spontaneously ignited carpets in local businesses. Putin says Russia will assist Syria if attacked World Public Opinion Sharply Opposed To Syria Strikes Pope calls on world leaders to abandon military options in Syria 20,000 North Korean Prison Camp Inmates Have 'Disappeared' The United States has intercepted an order from an Iranian official instructing militants in Iraq to attack U.S. interests in Baghdad in the event the Obama administration launches a military strike in Syria Mission Congo how Pat Robertson raised millions on the back of a nonexistent aid project  The televangelist claimed Operation Blessing was giving vital aid in response to the 1994 Rwandan crisis. A documentary opening at the Toronto film festival paints a less flattering picture Obama Has No 'Intention' To Strike Syria If Congress Says No  NPR Russian NeoNazis Admit They're Safari Hunting Gays Syria Shocking video emerges showing rebel forces executing bound government soldiers US orders diplomats out of Lebanon Report says millions in U.S. aid funds for Afghan health projects are being wasted Was Your Chicken Nugget Made In China? It'll Soon Be Hard To Know Bruce Schneier reports new Snowden leaks 'These are hacker tools designed by hackers with an essentially unlimited budget.' UPDATE [funds released] PayPal freezes funds of Mailpile  a secure mailing solution under development based in Iceland Militants in Afghanistan have killed an Indian woman whose memoir about marrying an Afghan and life under the Taliban was made into a Bollywood film Report U.S. preparing for a larger than anticipated military strike on Syria Syria crisis War of words between Russia, U.S. heats up Last Hitler Bodyguard Dies  He witnessed the Nazi leader's final hours in the bunker. He proudly reminisced about his wartime duties for the boss & called Hitler a very normal man... he was no brute, he was no monster. Uruguay's marijuana growers come out into open In a message to Pope Francis, Syrian President Bashar alAssad said his government is ready to participate in peace talks. HSBC Gets Small Fine For Terrorist Transactions BBC News  Deadly blast at Russia train station NSA drowning in overcollected data, can't do its job properly Former NSA employee, William Binney, warns that the agency collects so much useless information that it can't process it effectively Vaccine Aide Gunned Down In Pakistan Japans conservative government is considering a requirement that school history textbooks nurture patriotism and include nationalist views of World War II, a departure from the current mainstream texts. Rockets fired from Lebanon strike northern Israel Glenn Greenwald A Lot More NSA Documents to Come Snowden documents Norway is NSA's dream partner | Norwegian intelligence is an increasingly important part of U.S. global monitoring network. It appears from a topsecret document about flawlessly cooperation between Norwegian Intelligence Service and the NSA (Google Translate) Retired astronaut Chris Hadfield urges space cooperation with China It's the next logical step Egypt student dies as police open fire on protesters US may be violating its own minimum wage laws for staff in its Indian embassy. Palestinians call on USA to stop new Israeli settlements construction Exposed The Soviet Union spent $1 billion on mindcontrol program Female suicide bomber kills at least 13 people at Russian train station Feud between USA pork agriculture and Japan helping to stop TPP deal Afghanistan gains will be lost quickly after drawdown, U.S. intelligence estimate warns Canadian government, against advice from Water Protection Experts, cuts $100M from Department of Fisheries and Oceans. China's labour camp system officially abolished Turkey and Iran accused of oilforcash sanctions scheme An unfolding corruption scandal in Turkey has uncovered transactions that may have allowed Tehran to circumvent harsh U.S. and E.U. sanctions Blast rips through railway station in central Russia's Volgograd city weeks after a suicide bomber blew herself up in a bus there Corruption Scandal Implicates Turkish PM Erdogan's Son Australian government proposal to charge $6 fee for visiting a doctor (taking effect after the patient has already had 12 free visits in a year) met with controversy, criticism from Australian Medical Association A 9yearold boy from California has become the youngest person in recorded history to reach the summit of Argentina's Aconcagua mountain, which at 6,962 metres is the tallest peak in the Western and Southern hemispheres Peru To Provide Free Solar Power To 2 Million Of Its Poorest Residents By 2016 Greenwald US, British media are servants of security apparatus Conservators restoring an Antarctic exploration hut recently made a remarkable discovery a small box of 22 exposed but unprocessed photographic negatives, frozen in a solid block of ice for nearly one hundred years. More than 500 lawmakers in a Chinese city have resigned after being implicated in a bribery scandal Nigerian extremist Allah says we must decapitate Turkish riot police have blasted opposition protesters with water cannons, tear gas and plastic bullets in Istanbul in scenes reminiscent of the summer's mass antigovernment demonstrations. Some of the protesters on Friday evening threw rocks and firecrackers at police, shouting, Catch the thief! 25,000 White Army Militia March, To Kill All Rival Tribe, Wipe Out Sudan Army India suspends Bitcoin operations due to Reserve Bank warnings Beware of data spying, former NSA official warns Canadians India is checking the tax status of Americans working at schools in the country, after the arrest this month of an Indian diplomat in New York. Glenn Greenwald calls for Snowden asylum at Chaos Computer Club congress | Journalist and Edward Snowden associate Greenwald has told a major annual gathering of computer activists in Hamburg to continue fighting for online privacy, saying he did not expect meaningful political reforms. Helicopters drop TNTpacked barrels on vegetable market and next to hospital in Aleppo, killing at least 20 Venezuela car owners may have to give up nickelagallon gas Palestinians urge U.S. to block new Jewish settlements Israel plans to build 1,400 homes in its settlements in the occupied West Bank and will announce the projects next week after releasing a group of Palestinian prisoners, an Israeli official said on Friday. Pakistan Polio volunteers pull out in wake of latest murder The residents of two remote towns in Brazil's Amazon region have attacked an indigenous reserve hours after members of a local tribe fled the area and took refuge in a nearby military base UN condemns Israeli raid in West Bank US will make deal with Edward Snowden, claims former MI5 Chief African asylum seekers in Israel march on Jerusalem to protest conditions China's top legislature has formally adopted a resolution easing the country's onechild policy Tycoon Robert Wilson gives away $800 million fortune before jumping to death. Turkish protesters clash with police as supporters cheer Erdogan India Police Charge 6 in Gang Rape of Young Woman Ukraine leader warns defiant regions amid protests Scotland votes to remain in the U.K. Bodies of 8 Ebola workers (including 3 journalists) found at the bottom of a latrine in Guniea after locals attacked them. Polls close in Scotland  Results expected in hours Russia calls foul over Scottish referendum US Airstrike kills 40 Islamic State fighters A Muslim academic has opened a gayfriendly mosque in South Africa, despite receiving death threats and fierce criticism from parts of the local Muslim community 45% of Russians Believe Shadowy Group Controls Humanity After 5 years of painful austerity Ireland's economy is the fastest growing in the EU at 7.7% France Launches First Airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq China insists wealthy countries should improve emission targets if a global pact on climate change is to be reached next year. A muchanticipated UN summit will be held in Paris aiming to produce most ambitious deal yet in fight against global warming. Swedish airspace has been violated by Russian aircraft. WHO 700 new Ebola cases emerge in one week Mysterious Millionaire Will Pay $30M to Know Who Exactly Shot Down MH17  Bing News Japan claims southern ocean whaling has led to 666 peerreviewed papers, but international court says there are just 2 Iranian blogger found guilty of insulting Prophet Mohammad on Facebook sentenced to death Archaeologists unearth hidden death chambers used to kill a quartermillion Jews at notorious camp ...the discoveries didnt end with the gas chambers. Thousands of items that belonged to those murdered were also left buried in a well the Germans had plugged. Russia detains Lithuanian fishing vessel Turkey opens borders to thousands of fleeing Syrian kurds. Refugee numbers are now over 1.5 million. Iranians who YouTubed themselves dancing to Pharrell's Happy sentenced to 91 lashes Poland Wants United Nations to Limit Russias Influence Russian stocks fall as economic concern mounts British Fighter Jets Intercept Russian Planes Scotland First Minister, Alex Salmond, to resign Ebola Deaths Doubled in a Month, WHO Says Turkey stops 3,000 Kurds from escaping Islamic State militants Police foiled plan by IS supporters in Australia to snatch a random member from the public, drape them in an IS flag, and behead them on camera Angry passengers throw Pakistani politician off plane after getting stuck on tarmac waiting for him for two hours North Korea Leads the World in Human Rights, Says Report by North Korea Man from Texas arrested for trying to swim to North Korea because he wanted to meet Kim JongUn Indian Army rushes 3 battalions to its borders as nearly 1,000 Chinese soldiers enter India. The group of young Iranian men and women who released a YouTube video showing them dancing to pop star Pharrell Williams hit song Happy has been sentenced to six months in jail in addition to 91 lashes, their attorney is quoted as saying by the IranWire news agency. BBC Crew Attacked and Beaten Up While in Southern Russia, Investigating Reports of Russian Servicemen killed in Ukraine Voting begins in Scottish referendum Liberal professor of islamic studies in Pakistan shot dead, was accused of being an apostate and issuing fatwas allowing muslim women to marry nonmuslim men Liberian ship docking in New Orleans reports several ill passengers. CDC to respond. All on board will be hospitalized. Archbishop of Canterbury admits doubts about existence of God Islamic State forces backed by tanks capture 16 Kurdish villages in Northern Syria Venezuela on alert over mysterious, deadly disease Nigeria has 'torture officers'  Torture has become such an integral part of policing in Nigeria that many stations have an informal torture officer, Amnesty International says. Russia Free Syrian Army No Longer Exists; Rebels Are Coordinating With Terrorists European Parliament calls Russia to release the abducted Estonian citizen immediately ISIS release new video of British hostage. The black market for Ebola survivors bloodEbola has infected nearly 4,800 people. It has killed more than 2,400. And a black market for the blood of its survivors is emerging in the epicenter of the outbreak in West Africa, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). Al Qaeda Offshoot Says It Hijacked A Pakistani Navy Ship to Attack U.S. Vessels  gCaptain Maritime & Offshore News Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has malignant tumour Doctor Putin My troops could reach Warsaw in two days (as well as Riga, Vilnius, Tallinn and Bucharest) Kiev says Russia masses troops in Crimea on the border to Ukraine NSA shared Americans' private communications with Israel Snowden Hubble Discovers Supermassive Black Hole Russia opens new airport on Japanclaimed Etorofu Island off Hokkaido Former Auschwitz guard, 93, charged with accessory to 300,000 murders in Germany Edward Snowden If you live in New Zealand you are being watched | The first of the documents have landed on the website of Greenwald Gaza landlords refusing to rent to Hamas, official says WikiLeaks releases previously unseen information on FinFisher (formerly part of the UK based Gamma Group International until late 2013), a company which produced weaponised surveillance malware used by intelligence agencies around the world to spy on journalists, political dissidents and others. 27 Christians in Saudi Arabia Arrested for Using House As a Church 2 young British tourists found murdered  stripped naked and bloodied  at beach on Thai island of Koh Tao Mass murder reported off Malta, 500 drowned Russia concerned about rights of Russian speakers in the Baltics NATO countries have begun arms deliveries to Ukraine defense minister The Chinese sturgeon, thought to have existed for more than 140 million years, is now on the brink of extinction. No wild sturgeon reproduced naturally last year in the Yangtze river, according to local media. It was the first time since researchers began recording levels 32 years ago. The joint military exercises of Ukraine and NATO begin today. Germans will soon be getting 30 percent of their power from renewable energy sources, by far the largest industrial power to reach that level in the modern era. Swedish Prime Minister Frederik Reinfeldt concedes defeat WikiLeaks has today released parts of the FinFisher surveillance suite, as well as a customer list that it claims includes the police forces of the Netherlands and New South Wales, and the intelligence arms of the Hungarian, Qatari, Italian, and Bosnian governments Ukraine Authorities Raid Newspaper Offices in Kiev WikiLeaks Australian Police use hacking software to spy on computers and smartphones Russia to provide military, other assistance to Iraq, Syria in combating terrorism NATO Countries Have Begun Arms Deliveries to Ukraine Al Qaeda group in India on first mission mistakenly attacks a Pakistani Navy frigate instead of a US aircraft carrier Scotland's referendum the no is winning The Queen hopes Scots will ''think very carefully'' before voting in the independence referendum  BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Russia creates emergency fund to deal with Western sanctions New Zealand dismisses Snowden's claim it planned mass domestic spying Russia 'testing Polish resolve' with cut in gas supply They are requesting the maximum, and we are only able to supply closer to the daily minimum says Gazprom spokesperson. Germany and Turkey refuse to take part in bombing ISIS Diver Finds Over 2,750YrOld Gold Coin in Bulgaria  It's believed to be the oldest gold coin ever discovered IS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan Henning Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe awards PhD degree to wife 2 months after she enrolls Pope Francis is making good on his insistence that the Catholic Church welcome all faithful  not just those who obey church teaching perfectly. He'll marry 20 couples this weekend, including some who already live together and those with children, technically a sin in the eyes of the church. A group of disillusioned British jihadists who wanted to return home after fighting for Islamic State in Iraq and Syria have been taken prisoner by their militant commanders The parents of murdered journalist Steven Sotloff were told by a White House counterterrorism official at a meeting last May that they could face criminal prosecution if they paid ransom to try to free their son Uncovered U.K. intel encouraged Arab armies to invade Israel in 1948 'Shariah Police' ditch vests and change name Salafists who caused outrage by mounting patrols in western Germany as Shariah Police have ditched their vests and changed their name, but pledged to continue to take action. Pope marries couples who have cohabited, had children Pope Francis married 20 couples on Sunday, some of whom had already lived together and had children, in the latest sign that the Argentine pontiff wants the Catholic church to be more open and inclusive. Assad's regime insists it should be part of antiISIS alliance Syrian airstrike on Islamic State jihadist camp kills 18 France says 930 citizens or residents involved in jihad Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf has sacked 10 government officials who have been out of the country without an excuse, amid a national Ebola crisis. Austria bans Isis terror symbols North Korea sentences U.S. citizen Matthew Todd Miller to six years hard labor Fresh sanctions will freeze big foreign oil projects in Russia ISIS executes eight Sunnis in northern Iraq Australia to deploy military force to UAE Another journalist beheaded by ISIS. British journalist David Haines beheaded in new video. ISIS destroys Sufi Shrines Freemarket era in Sweden swept away as feminists and greens plot new path | People are tired of the government  The common feeling is enough. Enough of privatisation, enough of big profit within the school system and within the health system. Researchers at Glasgow University have claimed a breakthrough in producing hydrogen fuel from water they say is fast, clean and cheap Catalans turn out en masse to ask for independence vote The NSA and GCHQ Campaign Against German Satellite Companies  Treasure Map is a vast NSA campaign to map the global internet. Britain will take whatever steps are necessary to keep the country safe, following the killing of hostage David Haines by Islamic State militants, the prime minister has said. Hepatitis C drug in India to cost 1% of the US price German Muslim community announces protest against extremism in roughly 2,000 cities on Friday  We want to make clear that terrorists do not speak in the name of Islam. I am a Jew when synagogues are attacked. I am a Christian when Christians are persecuted for example in Iraq. France switches to Arabic Daesh acronym for Islamic State I do not recommend using the term Islamic State because it blurs the lines between Islam, Muslims and Islamists. The Arabs call it Daesh and I will be calling them the Daesh cutthroats foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told journalists France arrests 5 for belonging to a ring that recruits young women to join Islamic militants in Syria Pope Assassination Imminent, Iraq Ambassador To Vatican Warns; What has been declared by the selfdeclared Islamic State is clear  they want to kill the Pope. The threats against the Pope are credible, Al Sadr said during an interview with Italian newspaper La Nazione Boeing, SpaceX poised to build 'space taxis' for NASA BP caught using 'college' tricks to cheat page count in court document. Russian Travel Agencies Bankrupted as Demand Falls Up to 50% Kurds retake Christian villages from Iraq jihadists Kurdish peshmerga forces on Tuesday recaptured several Christian villages in northern Iraq in clashes with Islamic State jihadists Islamist Rebels in Iraq Resorting to Chemical Weapons At least 14 members of the Islamic State jihadist group were killed near Baghdad by a rocket that exploded as they were filling its warhead with chlorine gas, which the insurgents operating in Iraq appear to be seeking to weaponize Soviet Monuments in Lithuania SprayPainted in Ukraine's National Colors Gaza mortar shell lands in Israel for first time since war Angry mob throw Ukraine MP into rubbish bin Colossal squid weighing 350kg pulled from Antarctic The UN says Brazil is now rich enough to feed itself SHOE COMPANY Our CEO Just Disappeared And Most Of The Money Is Gone Pentagon US ground troops may join Iraqis in combat against Isis Russia Sending New Stealth Submarines to Crimea 7.1 earthquake strikes 21 miles off coast of Guam As many as 36 children were on Tuesday night reported to have died excruciating deaths after receiving tainted measles vaccines under a United Nationssponsored program in the rebelheld north of Syria Ebola is NOT Likely to go airbourne, says a Scientific American article citing top experts. Bill Clinton Netanyahu 'not the guy' to strike lasting Middle East peace deal. Former US president recorded going offmessage in criticising the Israeli governments unwillingness to seek peace. Russia, Egypt seal preliminary arms deal worth $3.5 billion No courtmartial for nurse who refused to give forcedfeeding at Gitmo  A Navy commander has chosen not to courtmartial a nurse who refused to conduct forced feedings of hunger strikers... John Key says Edward Snowden may well be right about NSA spying on NZ AlQaeda appeals to Islamic State to release British hostage Alan Henning AlQaeda believes Henning is an innocent aid volunteer who was genuinely trying to help suffering Muslims, and kidnapping him was a step too far Five hundred people drowned off the coast of Malta last week after people traffickers deliberately sank their ship A female member of Saudi Arabias National Society for Human Rights has reportedly been fined for driving herself to the hospital. When police pulled her over, Aliyah Al Farid said she had a medical emergency and there was no one available to drive her to the hospital so she took her husbands car. Plans for a major rewriting of international tax rules unveiled on Tuesday could eliminate structures that have allowed companies like Google and Amazon to shave billions of dollars off their tax bills. The draft proposals announced have been agreed by all G20 members and OECD members ... ISIS Bans Teaching Evolution In Schools China creates cell phone lane for 'zombie pedestrians' who want to text and walk Ruble falls below .38 against the dollar for the first time in history. CellLike Structure Found in Martian Meteorite NASA Hottest August Globally Since Records Began in 1880  Last month was the warmest August globally since records began being kept in 1880, NASA reported Monday. The globe just keeps warming. NASA Unveils World's Largest Welder to Build New MegaRocket Study 40% of European Jews hide their religion Ebola crisis Obama administration to ask Congress for $1 billion to fight outbreak, sources say 14 year old Arab Israeli murdered in honor killing in Upper Galilee village. Fixing Climate Change May Add No Costs, Report Says When the secondary benefits of greener policies  like lower fuel costs, fewer premature deaths from air pollution and reduced medical bills  are taken into account, the changes might wind up saving money Japan 'Solar Islands' Replace Nuclear Power U.S. Hits ISIS Position Near Baghdad in New Phase of Strikes Almost half of China's wealthy are considering relocating to North America or Europe within the next five years to find better education and job opportunities for their children Soldiers Killed in Suicide Attack at U.S. Base in Kabul First dolphins of hunting season slaughtered in 'The Cove' in Taiji, Japan Ukraine rebels to get selfrule, amnesty Millions of banknotes sent to Scotland in case Yes vote sparks run on ATMs Turkey Is a Steady Source of ISIS Recruits Passengers eject Pakistani politicians out of plane for causing delay Belgian murderer Van Den Bleeken wins 'right to die'  Unable to control his violent sexual urges, Frank Van Den Bleeken, who is 50, argued he would never be freed. The Discovery of Mexico's First Coca Plantation Could Upend the Cocaine Business France ready to join USA in airstrikes against ISIS Famous dominatrix kicked out of Canadian Senate hearing after threatening to expose politicians who hire prostitutes Oscar Pistorious found NOT guilty for premeditated murder China sees big drop in carbon emissions Premier. There is no turning back in China's commitment to a sound ecosystem. We have declared war on pollution and earnestly fulfilled international responsibilities, Gates Foundation commits $50 million to fight Ebola in West Africa Russia has warned that US air strikes against militants in Syria would be a gross violation of international law. North Korea 'backs Scottish independence' Ukraine Starts Building Wall to Keep Russia Out US drone strike kills 14 afghan civilians including women and children ISIS proposing plans to go to Mexico and enter Southern US states across the American border; the Mexican Drug Cartels will likely not permit ISIS activity because they do not want the US Military to retaliate against ISIS and begin operations on the Mexican border. Obama prepared to authorize air strikes in Syria against Islamic State 500 Bodies Found in IS Mass Grave in Northern Iraq Ebola fatality rate is ~80%, not ~50% as previously assumed She's a 14yearold Yazidi girl given as a gift to an ISIS commander; heres how she escaped Half of Europeans want to tackle international issues without US meddling For Many Iranians, the Evidence Is Clear ISIS Is an American Invention Scientists 'Extreme' solar storm heading to Earth that could interfere with power grids, satellites and radio transmissions North Koreans 'back Scottish independence because of fondness for Scotch whisky' Around 5 football fields of tropical forest illegally cleared every minute between 2000 & 2012  Most illegal deforestation for commercial agriculture is in Brazil & Indonesia. Demand for agricultural products driving 'shock' tree loss. Two stunning caryatid statues have been unearthed holding up the entrance to the biggest ancient tomb ever found in Greece 12 km demonstration in Catalonia making the letter V to demand the right to vote in a referendum Dalai Lama Refuses to be Reborn If Tibet Is Not Free The U.S. and European Union are poised to halt billions of dollars in oil exploration in Russia by the worlds largest energy companies in sanctions that would cut deeper than previously disclosed Ultraorthodox Jewish sect engaged in human trafficking and tied up disobedient teens Police warrants Hamas higherup in Gaza pulled trigger on teens' abduction, coordinated with Hamas member in Turkey There are now over 4268 Ebola cases, with over 2288 dead Anxiety and sleeping pills linked to Alzheimer's disease benzodiazepine use for three months or more was linked to an increased risk (up to 51%) of dementia. ISIS declares war on Twitter Terror group warns employees they will be assassinated for closing down Islamist propaganda accounts David Attenborough to return for new BBC series about Great Barrier Reef Ukraine says Russia withdrawing forces from east, sees boost for peace Suicide has claimed more than one million lives over the past 20 years in Russia Digital mapping uncovers super henge that dwarfed Stonehenge Putin sacks governor for rally against Russian invasion of Ukraine BritishIranian woman imprisoned for two months for trying to watch volleyball game in Tehran Saudi antiChristian sweep prompts calls for US involvement. The West should demand that its strategic ally, Saudi Arabia, release the Christians at once and allow them to pray according to their own faith traditions. Ebola outbreak threatens Liberia's national existence President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday accused Western countries of creating the Ukrainian crisis and using it to revive NATO. Cameron Tells Scotland There Will Be No Going Back Nato expansion unlikely before late 2015, Finland and Sweden could walk in within a week Nurse who survived Ebola returning to fight Ebola in Sierra Leone A snail once thought to have been among the first species to go extinct because of climate change has reappeared in the wild. As climate change debate heats up, UN experts warn we are running out of time We know without any doubt that our climate is changing and our weather is becoming more extreme due to human activities such as the burning of fossil fuels, World Meteorological Organization SecretaryGeneral said ISIS Forms AllFemale AlKhansaa Brigade To Hunt Down Spies Disguised As Women In Burqas Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation pledges $50 million to support emergency efforts to contain Ebola epidemic Video shows Islamic Jihad digging new Gaza tunnels 5 million compromised Google accounts leaked Some of the world's biggest banks have gone on red alert on the increased chance that Scotland might secede from the United Kingdom More young people in Spain are NEETs (Not in Education, Employment or Training) than anywhere else in the EU, with graduate unemployment also tripling the OECD average. Venezuela's inflation rises to 63.4% China tells Dalai Lama again to respect reincarnation