 Native tribes from the U.S. and Canada signed a treaty Tuesday establishing an intertribal alliance to restore bison to areas of the Rocky Mountains and Great Plains where millions of the animals once roamed. India's Mangalyaan has now successfully entered the Mars orbit. A Nervous China Is 'Interested' In A Possible Role In The Fight Against ISIS China applauds India's Mars mission as pride of Asia Vatican arrests former archbishop on paedophilia charges Canada formalizes joint space operations with Australia, U.S. and U.K. South Australia commits to 50 percent renewable energy target by 2025 Nato has observed a significant withdrawal of Russian troops from eastern Ukraine. Woman secretly films life under Isil in Raqqa, Syria Kim Jongun missing from public view (xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews) 400 ISIL militants killed in int'l alliance attacks Chinese radicals from Xinjiang join Islamic State Europe's Muslims stand up to IS the continent's Muslims are hitting back with mass peace demonstrations and a Twitter campaign to say not in my name Brazil refuses to sign UN pledge to save the rainforests Bin Laden's soninlaw sentenced to life in U.S. prison. Elephant killings are now on an industrial scale in Mozambique People worldwide think CEOs should make a tiny fraction of what they do Journalist Michael Scott Moore Released in Somalia After Nearly Three Years as a Hostage A university professor who has become the most visible advocate of peaceful resistance by ethnic Uighurs to Chinese government policies was sentenced to life in prison 500 Chinese Fishermen Shut Down a Shipyard to Protest Pollution, Though Protesting is Illegal Rise of Islamic Schools Causes Alarm in Secular Turkey The United States informed Iran in advance of its intention to strike Islamic State militants in Syria and told Tehran that it would not target the forces of Syrian President Bashar alAssad, a senior Iranian official told Reuters. Turkish electric car travels 2,500 kilometers for only $17 Indias Mars mission set for attempt to enter orbit U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged North Korea Tuesday to close its secret prison camps You should shut this evil system down. Terror laws clear Senate, enabling entire Australian web to be monitored and whistleblowers to be jailed UAEs first female fighter pilot likely dropping bombs on ISIS militants in Syria [now confirmed] The European Space Agency's satellite array dubbed Swarm revealed that Earth's magnetic field is weakening 10 times faster than previously thought, decreasing in strength about 5 percent a decade rather than 5 percent a century. A weakening magnetic field may indicate an impending reversal. 16YearOld Irish Girls Win Google Science Fair 2014 With WorldChanging Crop Yield Breakthrough The son of the heir to the Saudi Arabian throne has personally put the royal seal of approval on the attacks against Isis, by taking part in bombing runs. Turkeys turtle beach, saved from bulldozers in the 1980s, faces new threat from developers  The 91yrold Englishwoman who famously saved the beach  a key nesting site for loggerhead turtles  25 yrs ago, launches petition to protect it from new plans for tourist development French Tourist Herve Gourdel Beheaded in Algeria by ISISlinked Militants Netherlands to send F16s to fight Islamic State in Iraq, alongside the US and France. Edward Snowden was among the winners Wednesday of a Swedish human rights award, sometimes referred to as the alternative Nobel, for his disclosures of top secret surveillance programs. Muslim Scholars Release Open Letter To Islamic State Meticulously Blasting Its Ideology ISIS plot uncovered to attack New York, Paris subways, Iraq PM says China to send 700 troops to South Sudan to assist UN mission  fighting has threatened Beijing's oil investments  Holland and Belgium join fight against ISIS, send jets India's spacecraft beams back first Mars photos Australian power company caught overcharging customers to recoup losses due to increase in residential solar. Fatah, Hamas agree to cede control of Gaza to unity government Bodies of Ebola Victims Being Thrown Into Rivers Dutch Military Personnel Told Not to Wear Uniform on Bus or Train For Fear of Radical Muslim Attacks Four Peruvian AntiLogging Activists Murdered Nigerian military allegedly kills Boko Haram Cheif and over 260 of their fighters surrender. Kim Jong Un absent from second session of 13th Supreme Peoples Assembly One of the leaders of the Armenian Church is filing a lawsuit against the Turkish Government for all the property confiscated during the Armenian Genocide Ukrainian Army picks up random civilians for prisoner exchange. Incest a 'fundamental right', German committee says Antiincest laws in Germany could be scraped after a governmentbacked group said relationships between brothers and sisters should be legal Over 1,000 arrested in unprecedented swoop Europol Anil Agarwal, the billionaire founder of Vedanta Resources, said he & his family decided to donate 75% of their wealth to charity after meeting Bill Gates, the worlds richest person What we earn must be returned for the greater good of society. Life is not only about wealth. the billionaire said Obama declares world's largest marine preserve. Measures almost 500,000 square miles, fishing, undersea mining, and other commercial activity will be banned in the protected area. No One Has Seen North Korea's Leader In Three Weeks UltraOrthodox Jews cause chaos on flight to Israel by demanding segregation of men and women ISIS Overruns Iraqi Army Base Near Baghdad, Executes 300 Soldiers China removes more than 100,000 'phantom' government officials who were paid but did no work North Korean TV acknowledges leader Kim Jong Un's health problems Russia Tells Iraq It's 'Ready' to Support Fight Against ISIS The discovery of a branched carbon molecule 27,000 lightyears from Earth suggests the building blocks of life may be ubiquitous throughout the galaxy Mars Rover finds Ball Womens Rights Activist Executed by ISIS in Iraq UN Climate Summit A 'gamechanger' for global warming? When the family that built the very first multinational oil company says it's time to get out of fossil fuels, this is an important moment, China extends Japan a helping hand to resolve North Korea abductions After the North backtracked on its promise to investigate within months the fate of Japanese abducted decades ago, an apparently impatient China said it would host a meeting next week between the two countries. Man found with 51 Turtles stuffed in his pants. Islamists Destroy 7th Century Church, Mosque in Tikrit, Iraq More than 130 members of the Boko Haram terrorist group have surrendered to Nigeria's military. Mohammed Bashir, a man who had posed as the groups leader Abubakar Shekau in numerous videos, has also been killed in clashes. More Scandinavians joining Isis The number of Europeans fighting for the Islamic State has increased dramatically in the past month with fears that Danes, Swedes and Norwegians are among them. Italy seizes assets of Putin ally and judo partner Rotenberg worth 30 million euros, including a hotel in the centre of Rome Russian draft law would allow seizure of foreign property Earliest Sign of Human Habitation in Canada May have been Found  Possible 13,800yrold fishing weir found in ocean near B.C.'s Haida Gwaii islands Hungary Suspends Gas Supplies to Ukraine Indefinitely  Ukraine has been receiving gas from Hungary, Poland & Slovakia since Russia cut off supplies to Ukraine in June in a dispute over unpaid bills Incest Is 'Taboo' but Shouldn't Be Illegal, German Experts Say Canadian teacher suspended for slapping 'I'm gay' sticker on student Sierra Leone quarantines 2 million to fight Ebola Argentina uses drones to root out wealthy tax evaders  Drones deployed by tax inspectors near Buenos Aires found 200 mansions and 100 swimming pools that hadn't been declared Hong Kong students storm government HQ to demand full democracy Hong Kong's 17YearOld 'Extremist' Student Leader Arrested During Massive Democracy Protest The Belgian city of Bruges has approved plans to build a pipeline which will funnel beer underneath its famous cobbled streets. By 2025 Munich, Germany hopes to be running on 100% clean power Catalonia Defies Spain by Calling Secession Vote Fracking trespass law changes move forward despite huge public opposition | Ministers reject 40,000 objections to allow fracking below homes without owners permission Row as Snowden wins Swedish rights prize | Sweden's foreign ministry has banned civil rights group from its premises after news leaked that this year's winner of the Swedish Right Livelihood Award would be Snowden; SVT reported that it was MFA Carl Bildt who had reacted strongly to the news Volcano Erupts In Japan, Injuries Reported Airstrikes kill 50 ISIL terrorists in Iraq Japans cabinet rocked by new claims of links to neoNazis who target the ethnic Korean population Boko Haram leader is dead, Nigerian military says Cuba to send hundreds of physicians to fight Ebola crisis. Number of countries fighting ISIS now tops 50. Richard Branson Virgin staff can have as much vacation as they want Lavrov Russia has decided to join the fight against ISIS Islamists attack students protesting ISIL at Istanbul University Montreal cops wrote less tickets this summer, union should pay difference, says mayor. 'Fifty dead' in Xinjiang violence in what police called a serious terrorist attack The Seaton Down Hoard Amateur metal detector uncovers 22,000 Roman coins | They range from late AD 260 to almost AD 350. Mr Horner said the coins bore a range of portraits, describing it as a family tree of the House of Constantine. Poland sells military drones to Ukraine Iran's President calls airstrikes on ISIS 'theater,' says broader campaign needed Apparent success against Ebola with HIV drug in Liberia Pentagon concerned over Russian bomber drills near US Islamists attacked students protesting ISIL at Istanbul University Hong Kong Student Democracy Strike Ends in Chaos Police fire tear gas as Occupy Central spreads and ranks of protesters swell Elderly Couple to Die Together by Assisted Suicide in First 'Couple' Euthanasia Inventor of World Wide Web warns of threat to internet North Korea proposes one country, two systems reunification Islamic State recruitment soaring in wake of U.S. bombing Hong Kong police barricade streets, block in protesters Hong Kong's 'Occupy Central' mass sitin has been bought forward to today as thousands of students surround Gov't HQ. North Korea tells UN it's ready to discuss human rights A major new declaration calling for a global price on carbon  signed by 74 countries and more than 1,000 businesses and investors  is missing a key signatory the United States Brazil releases 'good' mosquitoes to fight dengue fever. The hope is they will multiply, breed and become the majority of mosquitoes, thus reducing cases of the disease. Ebola death toll surpasses 3000. Hong Kong protesters break into government headquarters Foreign doctors visit N. Korea to treat its leader; experts speculate he may be suffering from high blood fat levels or diabetes The amazing (and bizarre) homemade Kurdish armor fighting ISIS in Syria Sharia Law Is Threatening LGBT Rights Across MuslimMajority Southeast Asia Harsh interpretations of Quranic law are being used to justify violence against transgender people in particular, activists say. Egypt sentences six men convicted of homosexuality to 2 years in jail At UN, Cuba slams the US for unilateral sanctions  fivedecade US embargo on Havana Liberias chief medical officer puts herself in quarantine after assistant dies of Ebola Iran threatens to attack ISIS deep inside Iraq Muslim Brotherhood condemns Jordon for joining US coalition on ISIL California protesters block Israeliowned ship Kenyan breaks world record at Berlin marathon | Kenyan runner Dennis Kimetto has broken the world record at this year's Berlin marathon. At a course known for producing fast times, he ran 26.2 miles a full 26 seconds faster than ever before We are also pleased your province never separated from Canada' German President aggravates Quebec separatists Arab Twitter users dislike Iran even more than they dislike the US Boko Haram leader continues to threaten Nigeria after being killed repeatedly Vatican Paedophilia Scandal Archbishop Jozef Wesolowski Stored Over 100,000 Child Porn Videos Makers of animals torture videos Crush Sentenced to Life Imprisonment Obama 'They Don't Call Moscow' When There's Trouble In The World Woman saves three relatives from Ebola. Her protection method is being taught to others in West Africa. Hong Kong citizens step up democracy protests as riot police withdrawn | Roads blocked, banks and schools closed, as thousands join unprecedented demonstrations disrupting daily life China Warns UK Don't 'Interfere' Over Hong Kong Saudi Pilot Arrested for Refusing to Bomb ISIS in Syria Instagram has reportedly been blocked in mainland China as protests in Hong Kong intensify Dutch seize passports of 49 suspected jihadists Climate change is no longer viewed by mainstream scientists as a future threat to our planet and our species. It is a palpable phenomenon that already affects the world, they insist. And a brief look round the globe certainly provides no lack of evidence to support this gloomy assertion Ukrainians in Kharkiv topple their square's statue of Lenin to cheers and antiRussian chants. Philippines 'breaks world treeplanting record' Hong Kong's democracy protests turn violent; 26 hurt India PM Narendra Modi wows 20,000 people at Madison Square Garden with a promise to transform India and declares removal of archaic laws and announces new visa laws. Slated to meet CEOs of Fortune 500 companies in the coming days Beijing Blocks Reports on Hong Kong Democracy Movement Solar energy a sunflower solution to electricity shortage and desalination. IBM says it will install its first two devices for free in 2016 and has asked towns around the world to put their names forward to be the first to have a solar sunflower erected on their land. Qatari Donates $2 Million for ISIS Suicide Bomber Program... Schools and banks closed as Hong Kong paralysed by protest Sepp Blatter tried to silence Fifa executive committee members who demanded release of 2022 World Cup corruption report Thai university hospital claims to have developed an Ebola vaccine 17 year old Hong Kong Democracy leader faces battle against Chinese government Mainland China is a tinderbox that's been physically suppressed by the authorities, and Hong Kong is a seed of fire...maybe the Chinese government will one day send troops onto the streets, or even tanks. Iran set to execute Rayhaneh Jabbari, woman charged in killing attempted rapist Ruble Sinks to Historic Low Against Currency Basket Spain government asks court to declare Catalonia vote illegal Statue of Lenin pulled down in Ukraine's Kharkiv b'Acid attacks are on the rise in India. Acid attacks are a form of gender violence; they are intended to silence women who stand up for themselves.' b'Farmers in thirdworld countries are being hauled into court  for breeding their own seeds.' b'Crocodile Cage of Death ' b'Monday 87 Iraqis Killed, 288 Wounded ' The world's biggest arms exporters  JUST five countries supplied 80% of global arms exports between 2003 and 2007, b'Asian Bug Killing Ash Trees are now in Ottawa, Canada' b' Iran tells developing states to fight worldpower bias' b'UK A Report Commissioned By Gordon Brown  Says Military Cadet Forces Should Be Set Up In Schools To Restore Discipline And Control Unruly Pupils ' b'10 Ways to prevent Cyber Bullying' b'Iraqi athletes will head to Beijing after all' b'The War Between the United States and Iran is on by Scott Ritter' ExMossad chief says strike on Iran could 'affect us for 100 years' Hijackers made off with boxes of blank British passports worth a fortune on the black market in a raid on a delivery van, police said, in the latest blow to the government's record on security. b'How the illegal cigarette trade fed the Yugoslav wars' b'China continues to persecute those who speak out for human rights' b'Peace Movement Thwarts Iran Blockade' b'New report shows Palestinians being tortured in jail.' b'WTO talks collapse amid farm standoff ' b'Grim News From IMF No End In Sights On Credit Crisis.' b'Report China human rights have not improved' b'Thus I was astonished to read, in a Reuters report on the bombing, reproduced yesterday in the Washington Post without comment or challenge, that The PKK usually does not target civilians.' b'Peruvian model faces a criminal investigation after posing nude on a horse, using Perus national flag as a saddle' b'Malaysia  Four transvestites arrested in raid on beauty pageant appeal oneweek jail sentence' b'Pakistan  Death threat for editor Najam Sethi over Islamic cartoon' b'Abu Khabab alMasri, Al Qaeda Master of Terror, Killed... Maybe' b'Military coup in Niger' Coup Attempt Under Way in Niger, Official Says  Smoke was seen rising from the presidential palace amid heavy gunfire in Niger's capital, Niamey. Canada's last World War I veteran has passed away b'Obama meets Dalai Lama, angering China' b'The truth about the Mossad' Russia 'very alarmed' by Iran nuclear report A new bill to fight child pornography has been signed into law by Germany's president. There's only one problem The government has decided it no longer wants it. They are now in the awkward position of relying on opposition help to repeal the legislation. b'Russian police say they have arrested a man who hacked a video billboard to show a porn movie, bringing traffic to a standstill on a busy Moscow road.' If you haven't seen it, this is the entire 30 minute video detailing the assassination operation from the arrival in Dubai, to the hit of Mahmoud al Mabhouh. Completely sfw and can be watched without audio. Chavez says 'desperate' UK flouts law in Falklands. Calls on the British to return the islands to Argentina. b'The government in the Indian state of Meghalaya has confiscated textbooks showing pictures of Jesus Christ holding a cigarette and a can of beer.' b'Australian PM threatens Japan with legal action if whaling not stopped by November' b'In U.S., Canada Places First in Image Contest; Iran Last' The potential greatness that is /r/worldnews; or, Have you ever heard the one about how Tamils aren't Palestinians? b'Swedish court ruled autism not caused by MMR vaccine' True battleground location of Bosworth Field (ended the English War of the Roses) is a mile away from where previously thought. Archeologists cite finding cannonballs, armour shards and King Richard's personal boar emblem as proof. b'Irish government knew of forged hit squad passports two weeks agon' b'Latest Drone Strike Targets Haqqani. The death of Haqqani would mark another in a stunning series of successes against the Taliban leadership in Pakistan timed with the U.S. offensive across the border in southern Afghanistan.' Ever read a headline submitted to /r/worldnews and just not know what to do with it? You don't know what it means, why it happened, or how it affects the world? Some of us decided there should be a subreddit for peeling back the layers. b'Rift Widens as U.S. and China Pursue Conflicting Goals ' b'Bankers refuse to leave the UK' b'Former Mexican foreign minister calls for North American union, unified currency' b'UK denies advance knowledge of fake UK passports' b'Australians enlist fierce Australian meat ants in the quest to control cane toads' b'Britons whose identity stolen to get new passports' b'What a surprise...' b'The whole idea of communism is dead in North Korea, and its most recent 'Constitution,' 'ratified' last April, has dropped all mention of the word... It is based on ... an ideology of the most unapologetic racism and xenophobia.' Selectively applying and breaking the law in Israel, Israelis who throw rocks at Palestinians are protected by the military, Palestinian children who throw rocks at Israelis are arrested under conditions which break Israels 'Youth Law' BBC News  Dutch government 'collapses' in row over Afghanistan b'Japan gets the nod to kill whales again' Britain 'knew Mossad was using fake passports for Dubai hit'  Israeli agents tipped off British intelligence that they were going to carry out an 'overseas operation' using fake British passports before assassinating a Hamas official in Dubai, the Daily Mail reported.  b'Lost Nazi nukeproject uranium found in Dutch  scrapyard' Assisted suicide law to be decriminalised 'by back door' from next week b'BBC News  Incredible Footage of Madeira Floods and Mudslides' b'I wanted to throw a wedding feast for you. Instead, we have a funeral. Olympic luger Kumaritashvili is buried in his hometown in Georgia.' Pakistan air strike 'kills 30' in South Waziristan  b'Dutch government collapses over Afghan commitment  An Immoral War Takes European Toll' b'London mayor cuts funding for Black History Month' b'Baghdad before the war. ' 'I know I have sinned, and I have to be punished. Strangely however, I felt that the caning was not a form of punishment but was an opportunity for me to repent and return to the right path' b'Scary Shit from Hungary' b'Britain denies any advance warning of plan to murder Hamas leader ' b'When China Rules the World' Michel Chossudovsky, who's from an independent Canadian policy research group, believes that what Iran says hardly matters, because the U.S. is planning for war... [video] b'Dutch government collapses Amid disagreement over Afghanistan' Iran's science progress fastest in world Canadian report b'Bishop Walter Mixa faces continuing criticism for claiming the sexual revolution was partially to blame for the widespread abuse of children at German Catholic schools.' b'St. Trinians and beyond  Ronald Searle at 90' b'Britain at risk of worse deficit crisis than Greece' Zahra's Paradise. A 7languages webcomic on Iranian reality from the 16th of June, after the contested election of Ahmadinejad. New episodes every Mon, Wed, Fri at 12 NY time. b'Anonymous planning large anticensorship nationwide protests across Australia [PIC]' b'10,000 protesters block 6,500 neonazis from marching in Dresden on 65th anniversary of allied bombing. They formed a huge human chain around the center of the city.' b'My father rode a camel, I drive a Mercedes, my son drives a Land Rover, his son will drive a Land Rover, but his son will ride a camel (Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum) Peak Oil forecast for 2015. ' b'Three quarters women said if a victim got into bed with the assailant before a rape they should accept some responsibility.' b'As Israeli soldiers we hang our heads in shame over Gaza ' b'Two Greenpeace activists are on trial in Japan after trying to expose alleged embezzlement in the whaling fleet, which is heavily government subsidised.' b'U.S. congressman Brian Baird says U.S. should break Israel Gaza blockade rolloff ships and roll them right to the beach and bring the relief supplies in, in our version of the Berlin airlift' b'Mexicans march against drug war and Mexican officials are beginning to agree with them.' b'Legal Advisor for Haiti Adoption Case Implicated in El Salvadorian Child Prostitution Ring' b'Incredible Pictures of Israeli Attack in Gaza Operation Cast Lead (WarningGraphic)' b'Brussels train crash at least 20 people feared dead ' b'In Taiwan, fetching young women in outrageous outfits sell betel nuts. Is this a tourist draw, or national shame? ' b'Canada looks to China to exploit oil sands rejected by US' b'Arrest warrant issued for disgraced American cyclist Landis  Accused of hacking into a French drugtesting laboratory!' b'How widespread is the opposition to Iranian government?' Assassins of Hamas chief 'used British passports' Male 'Pill' on trial b'Russian Northern fleet vessel continues pirate hunt ' b'Antiwhaling activists face trial in Japan | World news | guardian.co.uk' b'UK Parliament opens its doors for anyone to get married there, including gay couples' b'...while indigenous peoples make up around 370 million (5%) of the worlds population, they constitute around onethird of the worlds 900 million extremely poor rural people.' Pope summons Ireland's bishops nGroup of 24 called to Vatican to discuss revelations of pedophilia. b'Black police organisation must be scrapped, say white officers' b'Spotlight proves too much for the 7 yearold samba queen at Rio carnival' b'Teenage domestic violence tackled by advert campaign; study suggested a quarter of girls aged 13 to 17 had experienced physical violence from a boyfriend and a third had been pressured into sexual acts they did not want.' An Arab democracy, with a Muslim Prime Minister and a Christian President, allowed the building of a synagogue, squarely in the center of their Ground Zero in the heart and pride of downtown Beirut Saudi couple hammer 24 nails into Sri Lankan maid
 No visa required Who has most freedom to travel?  CIA warns of violent American Jews  A CIA document released by Web site Wikileaks on Wednesay expresses concern that the US had become an exporter of terrorism, specifically mentioning American Jews in Israel. Mexico bleeding to death in the war on drugs German pop star escapes jail after failing to tell lovers she was HIV positive Brazil has revolutionised its own farms. Can it do the same for others? 900 abuse cases in Dutch clergy Kim Jongil makes surprise China visit Canadian court case won't just look at Mormon polygamists; Muslims under scrunity too Rare fire tornado filmed in Brazil Germany debates ending the draft.  When not at work, Vladimir Putin enjoys sushi, long walks on the beach, and pwning all manner of large mammals with a crossbow No Smoking Cuba drops cigarettes from ration book 9 tons of fake medicine seized in East Africa 2 Greek fighter jets collide in midair  France to drain lake under Mont Blanc glacier Protests in Chile to save Punta de Choros.
Coalfueled  thermoelectic powerplan threatens ecosystem. Letter from a trapped miner Swaziland Small country, big struggle In Pakistan, Taliban Hints It Will Attack Relief Workers Palestinians attack forces in Silwan   Venezuela More Deadly Than Iraq? South Africa COSATU calls `total shutdown', condemns state `scabbing', violence Hitler descended from Jews?
DNA tests of Hitler's relatives suggest link to North Africa, Jews. b'Student is arrested for giving South African president's motorcade the finger, and for swearing. Minister of Police says No individual is permitted to use foul language [or] swear. What the fuck, now we can't swear at public figures?' b'Hamas military leader assassinated in Dubai by a group of professionals wearing disguises.' b'Dubai assassins stole identities of six UK citizens living in Israel' b'Israel makes life very hard for Palestinians, says ICRC' b'Israeli settlers disobey the order to stop building' b'Rocket strike that killed 12 Afghan civilians was not a rogue missile but hit its intended target, according to the British commander' b'Egyptian police seized more than three tonnes of explosives set to be smuggled into the Palestinian Gaza Strip' b'70 journalists were killed in 2009, making it the worst year since records began 30 years ago' b'Dubai Hamas assassination a smiling killer and mystery of forged UK passports' b'Not satisfied with having screwed up the US economy Goldman Sachs branches out to screw up Greece too...' b'France used soldiers as guinea pigs in nuclear tests in the 1960s, deliberately exposing them to radiation from atomic blasts to test the effects.' Japan's foreign minister says an antiwhaling activist being held onboard a Japanese whaling vessel in the Antarctic Ocean will be taken to Tokyo and will not be released to a third country. b'Electric prod marks suggest AlMabhouh was tortured before he was assassinated. How unprofessional.' b'Argentina will take measures to stop British oil drilling off Falklands' b'Is Argentina looking for another Falkland conflict? ' b'Britons had passport stolen by Mossad death squad used to assassinate a Hamas leader in Dubai' Murder arrest over Ray Gosling's BBC confession Africa's first highspeed train South Africa's new Gautrain to launch for World Cup 2010. b'Russian S300 delivery to Iran delayed  ' b'UK ferry company allowed to carry on destroying marine life ' b'Obama Administration will not rule out attacking Iran over its decision to enrich uranium to 20 percent. Same as Bush.' b'British nationals named among suspects deny role in murder of Hamas official' b'Dubai Hamas assassination how it was planned, according to the Telegraph' b'Israel smokescreens world community about the killing of Mahmoud alMabhouh in Dubai Israel never responds, never confirms and never denies, Mr. Lieberman said. There is no reason for Israel to change this policy.' Afghanistan Taliban 'using human shields', attempting to draw NATO fire to areas with high levels of civilians b'Dude arrested for lighting a cigarette on the olympic torch' b'The community of ultraOrthodox Jews in Israel is half a million strong and growing. They live in a parallel universe cut off from the modern world in tightknit communities where everything revolves around religion. Only a few dare to abandon this life  and the price for doing so is high.' b'Hired and armed by the CIA in the 1960s, the Hmong remain trapped in enemy jungle, forgotten by America and the world' b'What could have been another tragedy at Vancouver has turned into a dream of olympic glory for Slovenian XC skier Petra Majdi. She fell down a unprotected 9 foot drop during warm up, broke 4 ribs and pierced her lung  but then won bronze in agonizing pain.' IDF bans 45,000 Palestinians from using major road built on their land to please 150 'settlers', High Court rules the IDF cannot do that, so the IDF caves in and allows Palestinians to use the road, except Palestinians are still banned from using the roads during Sabbath. Israel? Secular? b'A N Korean woman's account of what life is like in N Korea. She said, People in N Korea were merely breathing, they were not living.  ' b'INTERPOL has issued Red Notices for 11 internationallywanted individuals who have been charged by UAE authorities with coordinating and committing the murder of Hamas commander Mahmoud alMabhouh in Dubai.' b'George Will Mocks GOP Obsession With Sarah Palin  Sarah Palin...is not going to be president and will not be the Republican nominee unless the party wants to lose at least 44 states.' b'Swiss prostitutes armed with defibrillators' b'Dubai police call on Interpol to help arrest Mossad head  things are hotting up ' UK 'determined' over Israeli secret service assassination row b'In the US they are called the military industrial complex.  In Iran they are called Pasdaran.  Whatever name you call it, in whatever historic context, the results are always the same.' b'British government releases tons of UFO documents; 6,000 pages of sightings' b'British threat to Israel over Dubai Hamas assassination' b'India Worries as China Builds Ports in South Asia' b'Plane crashes into Northwest Austin office building, man was possibly targeting IRS' b'BT cotton is causing suicides to skyrocket in India.' Government Trojans, Orwellian Doublespeak and 'A Serious Threat to Internet Neutrality'  The lower house of the French parliament has approved a draft bill that will allow the state unprecedented control over the Internet b'More than two dozen words are banned for nonMuslims by a law that ostensibly seeks to prevent them from trying to convert Malaysias Muslims. But in a country where religion and ethnic politics intertwine, many people see the issue as a reflection of the countrys persistent political turmoil.' b'Saudi royal held over aides murder in London hotel' b'Haiti restavek tradition called child slavery ' 'Dubai police chief 99% sure Israel behind Hamas killing' b'UK calls in Israeli ambassador as Dubai killing row escalates' b'China has much to lose from Iran sanctions' b'We need judges to investigate our spies, not spies to berate our judges' European Parliament has blocked agreement that allows US antiterror officials to monitor Europeans' bank transactions b'Blackwater (now XE) given 7 days to leave Iraq' b'brokep of TPBfame releases a new project  flattr' b'UK Reveals Intelligence Docs very least cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment by the United States authorities at Gitmo' b'Japanese murder exposes world of hired marriage wreckers Couples dislike of direct confrontation rather than pleading face to face, may hire a splitterupper to seduce the other away' b'Iran has called for the dismantlement and removal of all weapons of mass destruction from across the globe.' Iran declares itself a 'Nuclear state' as thousands of progovernment Iranians rally to mark the 31st anniversary of the nation's islamic revolution b'UK school bans Valentine cards to spare pupils emotional trauma.' Vancouver's best kept secret downtown Eastside is home to 40% of Vancouver's robberies and assaults, features North America's only legal heroin injection center, and has an HIV rate of 30%  on par with Botswana. Thirtyeight percent of world's surface in danger of desertification b'A Huge Meteorite has slammed into Mexico, leaving a 100 foot crater! Mexico meteorite impact was so massive it broke windows in homes many kilometers from the epicenter and people reported buildings swaying and mass confusion.' b'Japan apologizes for colonial rule of Korea (which went a bit further than a tragic incident)' b'It takes a BBC reporter to cover Obamas war. (video)' b'Iraq asks France to return 895 million U. S. dollars for undelivered jet fighters that Saddam Hussein payed ' b'Euro MPs block bank data deal with US' b'Iran crushes opposition protests with violence It means they won and we lost. They defeated us. They were able to gather so many people' b'The New Israel Fund, a powerful Israeli antiZionist organization Israel must recognize the [Palestinian] refugees' right of return, on the basis of UN Resolution 194' b'Scientologists flown to Haiti by John Travolta to help in the relief effort plan to set up a permanent base' b'Venezuela tries to make it rain In desperate need of water, Venezuela is bombing clouds and praying for rain.' b'Lebanon PM Vows to Stand With Hezbollah in Event of Israeli Invasion' b'Is Britain a broken society as the Conservatives claim? The statistics say a resounding No. But public opinion, driven by media hysteria, says yes.' b'Blizzards in the United States, a heatwave in Brazil, killer floods in Mexico and drought in Ecuador. El Nio wallops the Americas.' In the 1970's 10,000 Iraqis died and 100,000 were permanently braindamaged from mercury treated wheat b'Row over plan to build Jewish museum of tolerance on site of Muslim cemetery' b'An unidentified man has become a hero in Argentina after he pushed a stalled van off railroad tracks, narrowly escaping being hit by the train. ' b'Indians are being urged to hand over a note worth zero rupees when asked for a bribe, in a bid to stamp out corruption among officials.' b'Saying that body scanners violate Islamic law, MuslimAmerican groups are supporting a fatwa  a religious ruling  that forbids Muslims from going through the scanners at airports.' b'Iraq asks France to return 895 million U. S. dollars for undelivered jet fighters that Saddam Hussein payed' The damage done to Israel's image by allegations of Gaza war crimes in a UN report has ignited a war between the right and left in the Jewish state b'Olympic luger dies after crashing' b'RIP Frisbee inventor guy  never had a patent and never got rich, but WhamO voluntarily paid him a modest royalty.' b'Asked whether China's treatment of dissidents might negatively affect its image overseas, Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu responded, 'There are no dissidents in China.'' b'Iceland aims to become haven for investigative journalism.' b'The rightwing Canadian government doesn't tolerate criticism of Israel cuts $2.1 million in funding to NGO that suggested in a policy newspaper that there should be a onestate solution where both Israelis and Palestinians have equal rights.' Chilean mint issues coins with 'Chile' spelled wrongly.  No one notices. b'Plane seat safety tests faked  Discovered  After a company employee blew the whistle' China decries Barack Obama's plan to meet Dalai Lama b'The 73yearold had apparently been concerned about the frequent theft of potatoes from his farm. He was arrested after an intruder set off one of the tripwirestyle mines in August and was injured in the blast. ' b'The torture memos show how illegal wars turn even the nicest people bad' b'Goldman Sachs suspected of foul play on Robin Hood Tax poll | The Guardian' b'Mud Volcano Was ManMade, New Evidence Confirms' b'Journalists harassed while attempting to enter Canada from the United States to cover protests and other events related to the Olympic Games.' b'Dalai Lama Blackballed from Thailand' b'Ahead of Olympics, Vancouver assaults civil liberties ' b'Yemen has announced a truce with northern Shiite rebels, aimed at ending a war that has raged onandoff since 2004 and that drew in neighbouring Saudi Arabia. Here is some background about the rebels.' b' nPolice investigate claims Prince Andrew hit a police officer with his car while driving into Buckingham Palace' b'Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, mounted stiff resistance tonight to any swift bailout of Greece, as a rift opened up between European capitals over how best to tackle the risks posed to the euro.' b'Letting poor people vote is dangerous.' Britain 'faces fuel shortages and dearer food by 2015' b'China alarmed that the West  particularly the United States  is using ecards and Twitter to weaken it militarily, create political dissent and to sow chaos.' Giant waterspout 'tornado' caught on camera off Australia Brazil's rainforest faces new threats  Deforestation in the Amazon has increased by almost 500 percent compared to last year.
 Saudi prince calls for lower oil prices . . .  World turns upside down.   PHOTOS A Rare Glimpse Into Daily Life In The Capital Of North Korea Germany to shut down all nuclear plants by 2021/22 I was standing in two fistsized pools of smeared, sticky blood, trying to sort out why there were seven angry Syrians yelling at me. Scientologist charged with perverting course of justice, in which she allegedly trained an eleven year old girl to lie about her own sexual abuse within the Church 
Greeks yank billions out of country's banks as debt crisis worsens
 Belgium to ban the burqa soon Guatemala's murder rate is now twice that of Mexico's. And in neighboring Honduras, which faces a similar problem with drug traffickers, the situation is even worse Honduras now has the highest homicide rate in the hemisphere. Canada The Supreme Court says a person must be conscious in order to consent Sweden critical of German nuclear decision Chinese dog eaters and dog lovers spar over animal rights GREECE There Are New Emergency Bailout Talks That Could Spell The End Of National Sovereignty Silvio Berlusconi has lost control of Milan and Naples in key local elections Wikipedias bold bid for World Heritage status In 2 years, Iran plans to unplug the Internet and is now creating its own. Spain Affirms Intentions to Recognize the Palestinian State Before September Greeks inspired by the Spanish Indignant or Indignados movement held their largest protest so far in Athens  Vietnam accuses China in seas dispute Vietnam's foreign ministry has accused China of increasing regional tensions in an escalating territorial dispute.  Doomed Flight AF 447 Questions Raised about Airbus Automated Control System  initial analysis of the plane's data recorder hints at errors made by the pilots. But questions have also been raised about the A330's automated control systems. In a sign of eroding support for besieged Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, eight generals and about 100 soldiers defected from the Libyan army and fled to Italy Pakistani journalist disappears after writing about secret link Pak Navy & AlQaeda that led to Naval base attack China orders death penalty in deadly food scandals Yemeni forces kill 20 protesters in Taiz Soldiers bulldozed and set fire to protesters' tents as they cleared a central square where a peaceful sitin demonstration against the rule of President Saleh had continued for the past four months, protest organizers said Archaeologists find sealed tunnel underneath Teotihuacan temple 13yearold Syrian boy arrested, brutally tortured, beaten, burned, slashed, penis cut off, murdered Egypt general confirms virginity checks forced on female protesters by military   Australia Suspends Live Cattle Exports to Indonesia After Cruelty Exposed on Film, Which Shows Them Being Beaten, Whipped & Kicked Prior to Slaughter  '...it was taking 4 throat cuts to kill an animal instead of 1.' Journalist Who Reported on Pakistan Links to alQaeda Found Dead Japan Considering Plan to Require Solar Panels on All New Buildings AlJazeera footage appears to show western special forces on the frontline in Libya, evidence for the first time of allied boots on the ground. Dutch Government Moves Ahead With Weed Ban For Foreigners  Drug laws 40 years on, only a complete change of approach will do The prices of staple foods will more than double in 20 years unless world leaders take action to reform the global food system, Oxfam has warned. UK 'Spy cameras' are used to target student protesters in an attempt to criminalise protest. Bangladeshi woman cuts off penis of man she says tried to rape her, submits it as evidence Explosives detonate in 3 IKEA stores across Europe  Iceland to ban tobacco? Libyan government gave $1.3bn to Goldman Sachs 
for investment. Less than 1 year later 98% of it was 
gone. 200 Japanese pensioners volunteering to tackle the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima power station Turkish court has ordered the arrest of the highestranking activeduty military officer charged with plotting to overthrow the government. Syrian protesters denied medical care Doctors have been physically prevented from giving lifesaving care to patients.
 Former French minister Jack Lang accused of having a pedophile orgy with Moroccan boys. Introducing fines for swearing in Australia 14 dead in Germany as cucumber crisis grows Serbia sends Mladic to The Hague Egypt admits to forcing virginity tests BBC News  Italy elections Voters give Berlusconi bloody nose During five weeks spent filming undercover, a reporter captured footage of vulnerable patients being repeatedly pinned down, slapped, dragged into showers while fully clothed, taunted and teased  b'New Swedish telecommunications law is turning the famously liberal country into a big brother state. Most Swedes hate it.' b'Life outside of civilization...' b'Villagers in western India burned a Dow Chemical building site. Dow is synonymous with deaths of 3,800 people in the catastrophic industrial accident in Bhopal. It is still hated. ' b'All passengers flying from British airports with departure lounges used by both domestic and international travellers face being fingerprinted from next year.' b'From January 2004 to March 2007, the death toll from terrorist attacks in India was 3,674, second only to that in Iraq during the same period.' b'Brain Can Change Itself' b'Muslims attack Christian school in Indonesia' b'Suspected US missiles kill six in Pakistan' b'Hacker Obtains NASA UFO Photos, Faces Prison' Britain's Fuel Costs Who's Really to Blame? AlQaeda chemical expert 'killed' 'Women' bombers kill 25 Shiite pilgrims in Baghdad b'Scientists may study sinister fault by drilling hole into it' b'Deadly blasts rock Istanbul  At least 16 people killed and more than 150 hurt as two bombs explode on busy shopping street.' b'48 killed, 249 wounded in Iraq bombings' b'BBC banned but pornography for sale in Olympic village' b'British Police Confirm Unusual Aircraft' The Taliban's dazzlingly modern insurrection b'Rebels claim sabotage on Shell pipeline in Nigeria' b'Iraq profiles Social worker' b'Fatah and Hamas conflict ready to burst open Roadblock to reconciliation and negotiations with Israel.' b'The Government Did It' b'A yearn to kern Fonts are the clothes that words wear' b'The email's subject line said Await 5 minutes for the revenge of Gujarat, ' b'US Warns Israel Against Staging A FalseFlag Attack To Draw US Into War With Iran' Rio's waters are so filthy that 2016 Olympians risk becoming violently ill and unable to compete Russia vetoes bid to set up tribunal for downed flight MH17 An entire Palestinian village that has received Australian aid money to help improve living conditions is facing demolition by Israeli authorities. Possible MH370 wing part washes up on African Island We will access, disclose and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails, other private communications or files in private folders), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to.  Microsoft Spanish man fined up to 600 under new gag laws for calling police 'slackers' in Facebook post Only one percent of Kenyan government spending can be properly accounted for, according to a report by the country's auditorgeneral released just days after US President Barack Obama warned corruption was holding the country back Germany Just Got 78% Of Its Electricity From Renewable Sources  The new record exceeds the previous May, 2014 record by as much as 5 percentage points. World Bank rejects energy industry notion that coal can cure poverty Jehovah's Witnesses hid over 1000 sex abuse cases. Shut up as a woman, Turkish Deputy PM Arn tells female MP Canada Just Bought Israel's Iron Dome Radar Technology Facebook ordered to allow fake user names in Germany Cats in Australia could soon be banned from going outdoors 24/7 U.K. released hundreds of Nazis after the Holocaust, says leading historian | Dr. Dan Plesch of SOAS, London, says that the the former Nazi officers were released under pressure from the U.S., which wanted Germany on its side in the Cold War. 1000s of Animals Saved in Nepal as Mass Slaughter Is Canceled  World's largest animal sacrifice called off in landmark victory for activists. At 2009 religious event some 500,000 water buffalo, goats, chickens, & other animals were killed. The time has come to transform an old tradition. Facebook profit falls 9 percent The world's population is expected to reach 8.5 billion by 2030 and 9.7 billion in 2050 before hitting 11.2 billion people by the end of the century Women Screw Islamic State out of Thousands of Dollars by Posing as Potential Brides 153 Chinese get life sentences for illegal logging in Myanmar Dentist who killed Zimbabwe's Cecil the lion hires PR firm amid global backlash Defense Department is already observing the impacts of climate change in shocks and stressors to vulnerable nations and communities, including in the United States, the Arctic, Middle East, Africa, Asia and South America. U.S. says 'deeply concerned' about Israeli building in West Bank. Deputy Spokesperson said Settlement expansion threatens the twostate solution and calls into question Israel's commitment to a negotiated resolution to the conflict China is stripping crosses from Christian churches FedEx no longer to transport bioterror germs in wake of anthrax lab mishaps The Canadian government has announced it intends to ban microbeads used in personal care products, after a scientific review found that the tiny particles pose a potential risk to the environment. A leaked document from the TransPacific Partnership (TPP) trade talks indicates the CBC, Canada Post and other Crown corporations could be required to operate solely for profit under the deals terms. Zimbabwe wants the killer of Cecil the lion extradited Supreme Court of India in a landmark ruling allows 14 year old rape survivor to terminate her pregnancy. She was 24 weeks into her pregnancy. 18 month old Palestinian baby burned to death after two houses were burned in Duma village in occupied West Bank, with graffiti left on the walls reading revenge in Hebrew. German government accuses news website of treason over leaks  For the first time in more than 50 years journalists are facing treason charges, which is being denounced as an attack on the freedom of the press 2022 Winter Olympics Awarded to Beijing, becoming first city to host both winter and summer olympics Saudi Arabia asks to be dropped from 9/11 lawsuit Successful Ebola vaccine provides 100% protection in trial US ally Turkey found to be funding Islamic State while bombing them and the Kurds combating ISIL. NASA confirms the discovery of a rocky exoplanet just 21 light years away HIV can be flushed out of its hiding places in the body using a cancer drug, researchers show. Spains Google tax has been a disaster for publishers, new study shows Traffic to small publishers dropped 14 percent, and some local news apps shut down Environmentalists, union members protest Pacific trade pact being negotiated at Maui resort We are calling on elected leaders around the world, all 12 countries, to recognize that the public interest in this situation is higher than the corporate interest. Huge underground lake found in desert of Xinjiang, China Iran city hits suffocating heat index of 154 degrees, near world record Serbia's state lottery is facing an investigation after one of the winning numbers appeared on television before being drawn. China removes crosses from churches across the country  Chinese Christians start making their own in protest. Hundreds of villagers in an east China county have written a letter to Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, hoping for the return of a 1,000yearold mummified buddha believed to be stolen from their village in 1995. Six Jerusalem Gay Pride marchers stabbed by ultraOrthodox Jew David Cameron is to give pornography websites one last chance to produce an effective voluntary scheme for agerestricted controls on their sites or he will introduce legislation that could see them shut down Italy youth unemployment jumps to a recordhigh 44.2 percent. Litvinenko inquiry Vladimir Putin 'ordered killing' Russian President Vladimir Putin personally ordered the killing of Alexander Litvinenko, the inquiry into the former spy's death has heard Tokyo Electric executives to be charged over Fukushima nuclear disaster Farm employers 'manipulate' female backpackers into sexual acts in return for Australian visa signoff Travellers are being coerced into performing sexual acts in return for farm employers signing off on backpacker visa applications. b'Three more government drug advisers resign after Nutt sacking' UK ministers cancel 'Big Brother' database Plans to store information about every phone call, email and internet visit have in effect been abandoned by the Government b'Rupert Murdoch wants to find ways to block Google from indexing his news sites. I guess meta name=robots isn't good enough for him.' b'Mikhail Kalashnikov celebrates his 90th birthday today. He still works at the same factory where he invented one of the worlds most iconic guns 62 years ago.' Fat in Japan? You're breaking the law b'China Executes 9 for Role in Uighur Riots' b'Cannabis use in Europe' b'The morning I finally decided to give up using cash, the whole world changed.' b'The state of English libel laws is so embarrassing that a number of US states have enacted legislation to protect their citizens from our courts.' Concerns are growing in Israel's government over the possibility of a unilateral Palestinian declaration of independence within the 1967 borders, a move which could potentially be recognized by the United Nations Security Council.  b'A law that demands consent to internet cookies has been approved and will be in force across the EU within 18 months' b'Inch By Inch, House By House How Israel Won the Settlement Battle...Again.' Rupert Murdoch vows to take all of Newscorp's websites out of Google, abolish fair use, tear heads off of adorable baby animals b'Chavez to troops Prepare for war with Colombia' b'Time bomb effect of onesided news Only 12% of Europeans claim to trust the media yet new research shows that even the most hardened Europeans may change their political views if they are bombarded with enough biased news.' b'Statement from school the media reported to have banned a girl trying to raise cancer money to save her dying dad ' b'AIPAC head who was indited for espionage, wants Obama and Netanyahu to stop talking about Palestinians and start talking about bombing the crap out of Iran.  ' b'Ban Kimoon is expected to transmit the Goldstone report to the UN Security Council soonwhich accuses both Israel and the Hamas militants of war crimes during the 22 day Gaza conflict' An elderly, halfblind cat had a noose placed around its neck before being strung over a bridge by two teenagers, a Melbourne Children's Court heard today. b'The Berlin Wall, 20 years gone  The Big Picture [pics]' Brazil pledges deep emission cuts in 'political gesture' to rich nations  b'IMAGINE the United States is in ruins from civil war and boatloads of its citizens are seeking safe haven in Australia  would we turn them away? Not a chance.' b'There has been a clash between ships from the rival navies of North and South Korea, according to the South Korean news agency Yonhap' b'If Mr Netanyahu believes that he has achieved a victory by refusing to halt the settlements, he is wrong. It is more like a project of national suicide.' b'The British Government has dissolved the  Parliament of the Turks and Caicos islands after  Many millions were blown on items like a bullet  proof car for the premier, the use of a jet, body  guards, lavish summer parties and a fleet of Range  Rovers for ministers' b'In honor of the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, Palestinian demonstrators topple a part of the 8 meter settlement wall that cuts through their village.  Israel responds by shooting live ammunition at the protesters' b'Girl Guerrilla Fighter Photo Essay 40% of the PKK in Iraq is female' Government's chief scientist backs David Nutt on cannabis  Telegraph b'20 Years later, the residents of Eastern Europe have a simple question If capitalism is really so much better than Socialism, why are our lives still miserable? ' b'Thousands of protestors on the southern Japanese island of Okinawa demand the removal of US military base there' b'Turkey PM Erdogan announced he'll welcome Sudan's leader in spite of his Darfur indictment It is not possible for those who belong to the Muslim faith to carry out genocide' OUTFOXED  Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism b'Official US Air Force Document Reveals the True Intentions Behind the USColombia Military Agreement' b'A court was played a 10 minute recording of a Wearside couple whose nightly sex sessions were said to have ruined the lives of neighbours. The noise sounds like they are both in considerable pain. I cannot describe the noise. I have never ever heard anything like it.' b'Prorape Facebook group created by students at an elite allmale Australian college was up for several months, included tags such as anticonsent' b'If there is one issue where a global consensus seems to emerge from the survey it is this there are majorities almost everywhere wanting government to be more active in regulating business.' b'The forgotten history of the Africans who fought in WWII' b'BBC poll across twenty seven nations shows only 11% think that global capitalism is working.' b'China Executes 9 for Role in Ethnic Riots' b'UK surveillance plan to go ahead' Cofee on the web  the forensic software the UK Police didn't want you to know about, is available on the web. Now to be used for data stealing?  b'Militants behead Philippine teacher.' b'Mud and boulders loosened by heavy rains swept down a volcano and partly buried a small town, swallowing up homes as flooding and landslides across El Salvador killed at least 124 people' b'Iran charges three detained Americans with espionage ' b'Babies and Children, a threat to Israel?' b'El Salvador flooding, mudslides kill 124' b'Berlin Wall Anniversary Many Berliners feel that the true cause for celebration has been overlooked' b'Burma claims it will release Aung San Suu Kyi' Iranian antistoning campaigner awarded Dutch  Human Rights 'Tulip' b'Prime Minister of Turkey about Sudan's indicted President on crimes against humanity Because a Muslim couldn't do such things. A Muslim could not commit genocide.  Tell that to the 500,000 dead and increasing every day.' North Korea fires shortrange projectiles, South Korea says. Obama Arrives in Cuba, Heralding New Era After Decades of Hostility U.S. Navy officer arrested after allegedly groping and punching a Japanese woman on an airplane, the second highprofile arrest of a U.S. serviceman for sexually related offenses in Japan in less than a week February was the warmest month in recorded history, climate experts say. From Alaska to Australia, an unprecedented heating of planet Earth is underway with rising temperatures across huge swathes of land mass and oceans Scans of King Tuts Tomb Reveal New Evidence of Hidden Rooms  Second round of radar scanning will look for more clues to what lies behind the walls of Tuts burial chamber. One theory the tomb of famous Queen Nefertiti. Biden says Israel settlements raise questions about commitment to peace UN envoy warns of environmental activist murder 'epidemic' | At least 116 environmental defenders were killed in 2014, according to NGO Global Witness, with 40% of whom were indigenous. After 'shaming' by Israel, Time corrects story that depicted terrorist as victim A remarkable archaeological discovery in a Co. Clare cave has pushed back the date of human existence in Ireland by 2,500 years. This discovery rewrites Irish archaeology and adds an entirely new chapter to human colonisation of the island  moving Irelands story into a new era. Joy as the first rhino calf is in 25 years born in Samburubased (Kenya) sanctuary US sends in Marines to join ground fight against Isis in Iraq | Middle East | News Ireland finally has a Palaeolithic period, moving back the earliest evidence of human occupation on the island by 2,500 years Russian spies pose as diplomats in Sweden; The most significant intelligence risk against Sweden comes from Russian spies, often posing as diplomats or business people, according to the Swedish security service Spo, which has just released its annual report. Spain bus crash kills 13 exchange students; 34 injured Google set to expand Wifi, broadband access in Cuba, Obama tells ABC Cancel latest tax cuts for the wealthy to protect disability benefits, Jeremy Corbyn says Missing Nigerian Chibok schoolgirls found by western intelligence Istanbul bomber tailed Israeli tourists from hotel to scene of attack, Turkish media reports Israel 'rescues' 19 Jews from wartorn Yemen in covert operation In 2015 almost 2 million foreigners came to Germany, making it the year with the highest levels of inward migration in the history of the Federal Republic. Hezbollah vows to attack US forces 'defending ISIS' in Iraq Britain's potential European exit could cost 100bn and nearly 1m jobs, CBI warns Dozens of Cuba dissidents arrested hours before Obama arrival Morocco expels over 80 members of UN mission in Western Sahara Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam 'had planned to target Brussels' Netherlands will once again need to close prisons due to falling crime rate and lack of prisoners. Reports of explosions at Brussels airport Two explosions at Brussels airport Syrian President Bashar alAssad has called on Muslims across the world to unite and fight against terrorism posing a threat to the region and the globe. Belgian nuclear plant evacuated Turkey says 3 ISIS suspects planning sensational attack By 2025, some 1.8 billion people will face absolute water scarcity, and an estimated twothirds of the world's population could be living under waterstressed condition Ship carrying 331kg of weaponsgrade plutonium, enough to make 50 atomic bombs, leaves Japan for US Russia says it will unilaterally start using force against those violating the partial truce in Syria, if the US does not agree to joint rules by Tuesday. Ethnicity bias  French Canadian referees call significantly more penalties on English Canadian players university study 1.8m vip paedophile ring probe closed without single arrest Scientists think lead ink from scrolls may unlock library destroyed by Vesuvius  100s of scrolls, part of classical worlds bestsurviving library, have tantalised scholars since found in Herculaneum in 1752. About 200 have never been read. Xraying begins in July. Flashdrives for freedom? 20,000 USBs to be smuggled into North Korea Astrophysicists detect ultrafast winds near supermassive black hole We're talking wind speeds of 20 per cent the speed of light, which is more than 200 million kilometres an hour. That's equivalent to a category 77 hurricane. South Korea confirms first Zika case Brazil descends into chaos as Olympics looms The mayors of 20 European cities including Madrid, Paris and Copenhagen, but excluding London, have called for more stringent regulations to be put in place across the continent to tackle the deadly levels of air pollution caused by diesel vehicles Corrupt European countries costing EU nearly 800bn a year, says study Castro urges return of Guantanamo land, after meeting with Obama Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko given 22year sentence Thousands protest in Okinawa over alleged rape of Japanese tourist by U.S. serviceman LGBT festival in Ukraine abandoned after clash with farright activists Seeking better ties with Egypt, Hamas removes Muslim Brotherhood billboards in Gaza Alibaba to soon overtake WalMart to become worlds No.1 retail platform Scientists remove HIV1 from genome of human immune cells. The International Criminal Court Recognises Rape as a War Crime Former Controversial Toronto Mayor Rob Ford Has Died Tony Blair on extremism one of the problems with the West is that it constantly can be made to feel guilty about itself U.S. strikes al Qaeda training camp in Yemen, killing dozens IS claims responsibility for Brussels attacks. IS flag and bomb found during a house search in Schaarbeek linked to the Brussel attacks. ISIS threatens UK with 'harder and more bitter' attack than Brussels after claiming responsibility for bombings which killed 34 people Scientists Warn of Perilous Climate Shift Within Decades, Not Centuries Rare Sumatran rhino sighted in the wild for the first time in 40 years Massive Bleaching Event Hits the Great Barrier Reef Warm ocean temperatures have impacted large swaths of the Great Barrier Reef in the last month, part of a worldwide coral dieoff Terror suspect on the run after 34 killed in Brussels attacks Protesters from some of the poorest communities in Ecuador took to the streets and to social media Tuesday  World Water Day, in order to demand that multinational Veolia stops dumping raw sewage into the Saldo Estuary of the littoral city of Guayaquil where they live. The worlds tallest building the Burj Khalifa in Dubai lights up in black, yellow and red to show solidarity with Belgium amid terror attacks. Australia's spending $3.3 million to study 'wind turbine sickness'  despite no evidence it exists Chile Harvests First Legal Marijuana Crop Hydrogen car smashes world records in sixday demonstration around London's M25 Obama to Castro Cuban embargo is going to end Millions more Russians living in poverty as economic crisis bites. Nearly 20 million now surviving on wages which are below the poverty threshold according to latest state statistics Ash tree set for extinction in Europe. British state TV BBC reporter forced off air amid disability rally in parliament  people protesting against disability benefit cuts, chanting Cameron killer ISIS goes global 75 attacks in 20 countries have killed 1,280 people  CNN The German farright NPD party has taken the highly unusual step of praising refugees for their humanity, after a group of Syrian asylumseekers administered first aid to one of its candidates involved in a car crash. Police find nail bomb in Brussels antiterror raids Trudeaus first budget aims to spur growth with $29billion deficit Netanyahu 'willing' to discuss twostate solution now Japan's whaling fleet returns from Antarctic with 333 minke whales including pregnant females Brazil descends into chaos as Olympics looms Rockefeller Family Fund divests from fossil fuels, which built family's fortune | It will eliminate holdings of Exxon Mobil Corp, saying the oil company associated with the family fortune has misled the public about climate change risks One of the attackers in the Brussels suicide bombings was deported from Turkey twice last year and the authorities warned their European counterparts that they suspected him of being a militant fighter Poland refuses to accept refugees after Brussels attack Karadzic jailed for Bosnian genocide. 40 years. Flag referendum New Zealand to keep current flag Archeologists who scanned the grave of William Shakespeare say they have made a startling discovery His skull appears to be missing. With crossparty support in the nations Parliament, Denmark may strip radical imams of their citizenship Nearly half of Englands teachers plan to leave in next five years Turkey had previously deported one of the Brussels terror attackers, notified Belgian authorities, Pres. Erdoan says What were doing to the Earth has no parallel in 66 million years, scientists say If anthropogenic emissions rates have no analogue in Earths recent history, then unforeseeable future responses of the climate system are possible, the authors write. Turkish people are sharing a cartoon asking where the sympathy was for Istanbul and Ankara for their recent terror attacks In a trash can in Brussels, police found a computer with a document suggesting that the attackers acted out of a sense of urgency and desperation after the capture on Friday of Salah Abdeslam, the last surviving direct participant in the Paris attacks. Obama announced the declassification of new documents from the period of the Argentina's Dirty War, when as many as 30,000 Argentines were killed or disappeared. Thousands of records were previously declassified, but for the first time military and intelligence records will be declassified as well. Russia to lose Olympic and World Championship gold medals Russia will lose two World Championship gold medals and an Olympic gold after the Court of Arbitration for Sport upheld an appeal by the IAAF over selective doping punishments imposed by the countrys antidoping agency ISIS trains 400 fighters to attack Europe in wave of bloodshed Chinese Buy OneThird of Vancouver Homes National Bank Estimate MH370 search Mozambique debris 'almost certainly' from missing plane Operation to retake Mosul from the Islamic State is currently underway, according to Iraqi army officials Poland PM Szydlo says migrants cannot be settled in Poland now Dutch shut diplomatic post in Istanbul after threat France detects first case of mad cow since 2011 Argentine court Death of Alberto Nisman, who accused Pres. Kirchner of coverup in AMIA bombing, to be investigated as political murder China plans to more than triple solar power capacity by 2020 to as much as 143 gigawatts to help reduce carbon emissions Russian soldier surrounded by ISIS calls in airstrikes on himself ISIS's SecondinCommand Killed in Raid France arrests man in 'advanced stages' of attack plot Pope washes feet of Muslim migrants, says We are brothers In his homily, Francis said 'We have different cultures and religions, but we are brothers and we want to live in peace.' Imam at Scotland's largest mosque praises extremist killer 16 people are missing after a Chinese news site ran a letter asking Xi Jinping to resign UN gives Qatar a year to end forced labour of migrant workers Brussels attacks 'Explosion and gunfire heard' during police operations in Schaerbeek The Ukrainian lawyer of captured Russian soldiers has been kidnapped, robbed, shot dead and buried Islamic State video calls for jihad after Brussels blasts  Every Muslim who is well aware of the history of Islam, knows that the holy war against infidels is an integral part of Islam, and those who read history would know. Car bomb hits Turkey, multiple casualties A U.N.backed report says global investments in solar, wind and other sources of renewable energy reached a record $286 billion last year. For the first time the developing world accounted for the majority. International medical experts call for global drug decriminalisation Two students convicted for London terror plot Blasphemy cases rise in Egypt and Christians bear the brunt Intel North Korea Probably has a Miniaturized Nuclear Warhead Israeli soldier arrested after being caught on video fatally shooting wounded Palestinian attacker In Twitter blitz, Dubai security chief opposes Palestinian state, urges coalition with Israel FlyDubai crash pilot 'was due to leave job over fatigue' Paris terror plot Man arrested in 'advanced stages' of plan to attack French capital | Europe | News Clean energy is winning the race against fossil fuels  but the planet is still losing Russia's special forces officer killed in Syria Interfax Scotland Just closed its Last Coal Plant  Longannet ceased operations Thursday. Once was largest in Europe, it shut down before those gathered in the main control room. Ok, here we go, said a worker pressing a red button that stopped the turbines that generated electricity for 1/4 of homes. Hungary proposes temporary totalitarianism during high terrorist danger levels  antiterrorist package proposed by cabinet includes altering constitution, army on streets, surveillance of any suspect, ISP recordkeeping and forced decryption, absolute eminent domain rights, closed borders. Brussels attacks Belgium fears Isis seeking to make dirty nuclear bomb Suicide bomber hits stadium in Iraqi city, killing 29 North Korea releases propaganda film showing Washington under nuclear attack ISIS Appears to Be Close to Collapse Frontline commanders no longer speak of a scarily formidable foe but of Islamic State defenses that crumble within days and fighters who flee at the first sign they are under attack. US Navy captain jailed over massive bribery scandal in Pacific; Man who oversaw operations in the US Pacific Fleet provided classified information to a Malaysian defense contractor in exchange for prostitutes Daughter of dead ISIS commander and mother of four, who married to a physician, surrenders to Iraqi Kurds Death toll climbs to 41 in Iraq stadium bombing Indian priest 'kidnapped by ISIS' may be crucified on Good Friday Muslims vow to fight terrorism in Belgium N. Korea threatens to take military action unless S. Korea complies with ultimatum Snoopers Charter Only amendment politicians have submitted to controversial bill is to stop MPs being spied on Google to warn Gmail users of government backed attacks in new warnings as tech industry backs Apple in privacy fight Parents in Uganda who fail to vaccinate their kids, will face a sixmonth prison sentence, according to new law The US just whacked the guy who handles ISIS's paychecks We are systematically eliminating ISIL's cabinet, says the secretary of defense Sir Richard Branson is hoping to bring back supersonic transatlantic passenger flights, and this time they will be affordable. Endangered African rhinos are being relocated to Australia for protection against poachers Obama Apologizes to Argentina for CIA's Early Dark Days Vladimir Putin has nominated Chechnyas controversial leader Ramzan Kadyrov for a new term in office, despite claims that the Chechen had links to the murder of opposition politician Boris Nemtsov last year. Teen [Surrended suicide bomber] in North Cameroon Says She Is a Missing Chibok Girl [Nigerian abductee schoolgirls] British Govt to Repeal Animal Welfare codes  Conservatives are repealing an array of official guidance on standards, starting by putting the code on chickenfarming into the hands of the poultry industry. Other sectors to control their own rules include cattle, sheep & pig farming industries. CT Scan Shows Pharoah Ramesses III Murdered by Multiple Assassins  Missing toe reveals more than one plotter. There must've been an assailant with an ax/sword attacking him from the front & another with a knife or dagger attacking him from his back at the same time. Australia's F35 jet acquisition has hallmarks of Ponzi scheme, inquiry told US govt gives up the internet to California's ICANN. The Govt Advisory Committee was unable to reach 2/3 consensus. A French minister says States will be marginalized by the private sector (GAFA). Some govts feel the 2/3 precondition led by the internet community gives too much power to GAFA. Poland to ban prescriptionfree emergency contraception Israeli and Jordanian jets confronted Russian warplanes on Syrian border, king says Man Faces Prison Sentence For Circumventing UK Pirate Site Blockade Ten dead, 30 injured in blast outside park in Pakistan's Lahore Secret archive of paedophile crime kept by Catholic Church's insurers Syrian army 'recaptures city of Palmyra from ISIL' German food minister stands up for pork on public menus I am worried about pork being taken from school and canteen menus Riot police brought in as tensions rise at Place de la Bourse Brussels memorial Ireland marks centenary of uprising that led to independence Soldier who shot disarmed Palestinian attacker facing murder charge Illegal mining companies in the Brazilian Amazon are poisoning local indigenous communities, as high quantities of mercury have been found in the water and food sources of over 19 Yanomami and Yekuana communities. Thousands line the streets in Dublin, to commemorate the centenary of the 1916 Rising with the largest military parade in the history of the State. AlQaeda used surfacetoair missile to bring down Emirati fighter jet Japan executes two death row inmates Saudi Arabia Cracks Down On 'Peaceful Dissent,' Sentences Journalist To Five Years In Prison 'Ruthless' Poachers Butcher South African Rhino Beijing has rebuffed a Japanese request that the Chinese government contribute financially to a greenery foundation that supports treeplanting projects in China. An eye for an eye Iran's Supreme Court orders removal of man's eye Kremlin No Russian troops in Ukraine's Donbass, but there are Russian 'citizens'  RIA Grounded Ship Splits in 2, Causes Massive Oil Slick in Taiwan  Engines stopped running March 10. Cracks began appearing Thursday, before it split off New Taipei City. Officials haven't been able to work on stranded ship since March 23 due to bad seas & don't expect to resume til next Monday. Migrant arrivals to Greece slow to a trickle $1.7B Giant Arch to Block Chernobyl Radiation For Next 100 Years Brussels attacks raids uncover alarming evidence of Europewide jihadist cell Italy arrests Algerian suspect wanted in Belgian attacks probe Italian police have captured an Algerian national suspected of aiding both the Paris and Brussels attackers German pacifists protest war and refugee policy in Easter marches Thousands have demonstrated against war and for a more welcoming refugee policy in 60 marches and vigils across Germany. The rallies were first held during the Cold War to protest the build up of atomic weapons Google was fined 100,000 euros ($112,000) by Frances dataprotection authority for failing to remove righttobeforgotten requests from global search results. Cargo ship reaches space station on resupply run Toshiba completes solarpowered hydrogen production/storage system at hotel b'Yahoo provided Iran with the names of 200,000 users' b'Peter Brierley, whose 28yearold son Shaun died in March 2003, refused to shake Blair's hand when he offered it, telling the ex premier I'm not shaking your hand, you've got blood on it.' b'France has arrested a CERN researcher with suspected alQaeda links' b'French President Sarkozy accused of nepotism after handing top post to 23yearold son' b'Global Muslim population hits 1.57 billion nearly 1 in 4 people in the world practice Islam.' b'What a bizarre microcosm view of the global financial crisis Hamas is bailing out speculators who went from boom to bust when Israeli warplanes blew up their smuggling tunnels into Egypt.' b'Stop nuclear proliferation in the Middle East  disarm Israel already!' b'Israeli media mogul looking to buy 50% of AlJazeera' Moldova, where Lenin still stands  How the Communist Party has held on to Moldovans' votes Less than a month ago, South Africa's President Jacob Zuma set up an anticorruption hotline.  On its first day it took 27,000 calls and had in its first three hours received some 7,300 complaints from frustrated citizens. Overwhelmed, no one seems able to get through. b'Debt Moratorium in Iceland. A leading member of the Icelandic parliament called Monday night for the country to declare a debt moratorium and stop attempting to pay the $6 billion which the British and Netherlands governments are seeking to extort from Iceland...' b'Iraqis Question Merit of PeacePrize.' b'A court in Vietnam has sentenced six democracy activists to up to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against the government. (Article includes creepy Big Brotheresque pics)' b'Egypt says the Louvre must return stolen artifacts or forget about ever exhibiting our historical treasures again.  The Louvre says, Yes, sir; right away, sir!' b'According to the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life, there are currently 2.1 billion Christians, 1.57 billion Muslims, 900 million Hindus and 14 million Jews worldwide.' b'Pakistan Suicide car bomb kills 41, wounds 100, gov left with no other option but to launch an offensive in the militant stronghold of South Waziristan' Residents of Kabul, Baghdad and Jerusalem voice reservations at US president's award. b'Nearly 1 in 4 people worldwide is Muslim.' b'The latest sign that Democracy and Capitalism have  triumphed in Iraq I've seen mothers haggle with  agents over the price of their daughters' b'Energy bills could rise 60%, UK customers warned' b'Czech president Klaus makes last move to stop Lisbon Treaty ' b'Obama surprised and deeply humbled to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize and calls to action' b'No other country in the world would so readily offer its citizens to the US as sacrificial lambs merely to safeguard a 'special political relationship'.' b'Israeli FM says anyone who expects Israel to make peace with Palestinians is Delusional.' b'The war in Sri Lanka ended months ago. So why does the Sri Lankan military need another $300 million to get it through the year?' An aerial survey of the northern Great Barrier Reef in Australia has shown that 95 per cent of the reefs are now severely bleached and about half of the corals are expected to die in the coming month. Top medical experts say we should decriminalize all drugs & maybe go even further  Their report comes ahead of a special UN General Assembly Session on drugs to be held next month Japan Loses Contact With New Space Telescope Saudi Arabia Cracks Down On Peaceful Dissent, Sentences Journalist To 5 Yrs In Prison  over a series of tweets, in what human rights organizations are calling the latest crackdown on free expression by the oilrich kingdom. Saudi Arabia doesn't need elections even though Syria does, ambassador claims Elections are unnecessary in Saudi Arabia because its people are happier with the current system of government than almost any other country in the world, the kingdom's UN ambassador has claimed. Most British workers are spending longer at their workplace for little or no gain in productivity, according to a landmark study being released this week. More than twothirds of employees say they are working longer hours than two years ago, but only 10% believe they are more productive. Turkey is deliberately 'unleashing' Isis terrorists into Europe, says Jordan's King Abdullah Palmyra ruins mostly intact, Syria antiquities chief reports after regime forces recaptured the desert oasis from the Islamic State group. Fidel Castro to Obama We don't need your 'presents' Preserved ice age puppies recovered from Siberian permafrost awe scientists  dating back 12,460 years has mobilized scientists across the world. Belgium releases terror murder suspect Russia is considering building a naval base on islands off northern Japan, an area that includes territory at the center of a longrunning spat between Tokyo and Moscow Thousands of protesters have clashed with police near parliament in the Pakistani capital, Islamabad, against the execution of a man charged with murdering a governor for his criticism of blasphemy laws. Brazil seizes abortion drugs sent to women living in fear of zika virus Chinese Scientists Say They Have the Ability To Clone Humans Unemployment in France reaches new high Israel urges citizens to leave Turkey ASAP Scores killed in blast at family park in Lahore aimed at Christians London Priest loses 500K meant for refugees gambling Another Nation Trims Meat From Diet Advice The Netherlands Nutrition Centre says it is recommending people eat just two servings of meat a week, setting an explicit limit on meat consumption for the first time. NSA director made secret visit to Israel last week Dutch arrest Frenchman suspected in planning attack Taliban faction says carried out suicide bomb attack on Pakistan park, says Christians were target Moldova Thousands march for reunification with Romania Suspect arrested in Honduran activist Nelson Garca's murder Environmentalist was killed near his house just days after colleague Berta Cceres was fatally shot but critics are accusing government of a coverup