 b'RIP Brenden Foster, the 11yearold whose last wish was to feed the homeless.' b'Georgian ambassador admits that they started it.' b'How Canada honours our war dead sends shivers down my spine... seeing it in person is beyond breathtaking' b'Turns out Indian Navy actually sank Thai fishing boat, not pirate mothership. Embarassing...' b'Mumbai under attack. Bomb blast and firefights in South Mumbai. Blasts and gun flights in Oberoi, Taj and Trident Hotels. A lot of Chaos, nothing is clear at the moment. ' b'South Africa President Mbekis denial of the wellestablished scientific consensus about the viral cause of AIDS and the essential role of antiretroviral drugs led to the death of 365,000 people' b'Pirate Boat Indian Navy Sank Was Thai Trawler.' b'Mumbai rocked by deadly shootings ' b'Evidence Suggests British Liquid Bomb Plot was Directed by UK/Pakistan/US Intelligence ' b'Greenland votes for selfrule' Divers Find Ammunition on Lusitania,  so much for 'innocent passanger ship'. b'Quixtar and Amway are scams  Spread the word.' Following in China's footsteps, US baby formula manufacturers add melamine! b'Mumbai attacked by terrorists' b' 3,000 dead from cholera in Zimbabwe, Local Government takes action to conceal the scale of this deadly epidemic' Onethird of China's Yellow River is Heavily Polluted with Industrial Discharge b'Everest and Himalayan Glaciers Could Vanish By 2035, Imperiling a Billion People' b'Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Wednesday he would bring down U.S. planes bombing villages if he could' b'Chinese villege may have Roman Ancestry  unusual numbers of western faces among chinese brethren...' b'Muslim clerics cancel fatwa against... yoga' b'Man Who Killed 6 Cops with a Knife is Executed ' b'Thai crisis exposes class struggle ' Palestinian Children Teargassed Protesting 'Annexation Wall' b'Official Russians want to search for oil off Cuba.' b'Intimidation and murder in CocaColas Colombian factories' b'Government Protests Turn Nasty in Iceland' b'Swiss to UBS bosses give us our money back, or we'll feed you to the crocodiles. ' TED Debunking thirdworld myths with the best stats you've ever seen b'Warships from all Russian Navy fleets to fight piracy off Somalia' b'Presidents of Georgia and Poland fired upon in Georgia  facts very unclear...' b'Smoking ban final nail in the coffin to French cafes ... the French are starting to eat like Americans.  How sad.' Dozens injured as army open fire at Children's Day rally b'52 whales die in mass stranding in Australia.' b'Germans held in Kosovo over blast' b'Islamist fighters warn pirates to free Saudi tanker' b'Plitvice Lakes in Croatia | amazing pics' b'Argentine man kills himself on live TV' Spain's fascists hold rally b'Beheadings in Guatemala jail riot' b'Avast Ye Privateers' Jaguar in secret plea for 1bn gov't loan just months after being bought by Tata, the Indian conglomerate 'This may be the most thoughtprovoking film I've seen all year,' Israeli animated documentary about the Sabra and Shatila massacre of 1982 b'Ministers to hold summit on church closure crisis' b'ProAmerican Iraqi Defense Minister Threatens Parliament Defense minister tells country Keep U.S. Forces or Face Martial Law' b'Migration (hijra) in Islam  the plan of conquering the west through immigration' b'U.S. Army Investing $50 Million in Video Games' Jabotinsky's grandson joins Likud b'Chavez tested in Venezuelan polls' Obama's Mideast peace platform is coming into focus  b' Olmert in U.S. to bid farewell to Bush ' Jacques Vergs, 83, is probably the world's most notorious criminal attorney b'China fails at irony, bans Chinese Democracy' b'Japan turns to the left, especially the young, and the communist party grows as more people realize todays injustices mirror those of Imperial/Capitalist Japan.  ' b'Russian analyst predicts decline and breakup of U.S.' b'We are not the moral people we pretend to be, not as long as we allow the Israelis to commit these war crimes.' Don't mess with these chicks or you'll be sari b'British police to be issued 10,000 Taser guns  What happened to these being a weapon of last resort used by specalist officers?' Pink Sari Gang India's Bad Ass Vigilante Group b'Despite being declared the largest labour rights offender in the world, Colombia has signed a free trade deal with Canada.' b'Bullying is not a joke, no seriously..' Taser plan suffers blow after UK Met Police Authority's rejection b'Just killed an old man and put his wife in a critical condition? Time for McDonalds! ' A list of 25 pretty good date ideas that don't even cost a Quarter ...  Tony Blair's private life spied on by US intelligence agency b'The last feudal state in the Western world is soon to become a democracy' Who was behind the theft of South Africa's weaponsgrade nuclear material? b'Photo Essay Gazas (Literal) Underground Economy' b'They didn't accept HIVpositive people ... they shot them and burned the bodies' b'Police to get 10,000 Taser guns  Because More Tasers for Authority equals More Freedom and Safety for Us, i guess.' Georgian officials shots fired at president's motorcade b'Recession has hit UK middle classes so hard that many are forced to pull their children out of private schools' b'Dubai bowed to international pressure and for the first time revealed the level of debt it has racked up during one of the biggest building sprees the world has ever seen' b'Crisis forces Russians to cut back vodka drinking' b'Wicked flood has thousands homeless in Brazil' b'Police examine culpability of those who encouaged internet suicide' b'Denmark considers outlawing male circumcision on minors.' b'Russian scholar Our people are much more nationalistic, much more chauvanistic, and antidemocratic than Putin himself, so the current regime is by no means the worst that we could have. (AUDIO)' b'Family makes 200K a year and gives most of it away' b'Week End Picnic Families Slaughtered by Israel on Gaza Beach' b'Children are dying in Haiti, victims of food crisis' Radio host shocked as woman admits eating 'little black girls' b'The U.S. Department of Energys National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) and Petrleo Brasileiro S.A. (Petrobras) to Commercialize Biofuels' More Than 1/3 of China's Land is Being Scoured by Erosion! Food Supplies at Risk! What's the most generous nation in humanitarian donations in relation to GNP?  Surprise! It's Saudi Arabia.  US and England don't even hit the top 5. b' Russian parliament approves extension of presidential term' b'AlJazeera editorial wonders why Western diplomats are such slow learners' b'Russian Duma passes reform to extend presidency to 6 years. Welcome back, Comrade Putin?' b'Germany Drops Attempt to Ban Scientology' b' French Socialists in runoff vote' b'Poland Picketing hospital workers call for turning hospitals into cooperatives instead of traditional privatization' b'Russia set to extend presidential term' US global dominance 'set to wane' b'UN should suspend Israel membership Nobel Laureate Maguire' b'World struggles to take on plague of Somali piracy' Slump in stockmarkets wipes out twothirds of China's billionaires b'Cholera outbreak strikes Zimbabwe' b'What is the value of 500 Rs for different people in India or rather the World' b'billionaires body stolen' b'How the Allied multinationals supplied Nazi Germany throughout World War II' b'ATTN RIAA/MPAA This is piracy.' b'Swiss Army bans vegetarians from fighting ' b'Kofi Annan and Jimmy Carter barred from visiting Zimbabwe to assess the humanitarian crisis' b'Former police chief in Argentina, wanted for alleged crimes against human rights, has shot himself dead on live TV.' b'Progressive, tolerant Malaysia issues a fatwa...on yoga' b'1,000 penalties for outofdate ID details' b'Icelanders demand PM resignation, clash with police' b'In this year so far 24 missile attacks have taken place killing 344 civilians. The number of socalled militants does not exceed ten.' b'Daryl Hannah Helps Stop Japanese Whaling By Joining The Sea Shepherd, The Ship Stopped $70M In Whaling By Japanese Last Year' b'Situation in Pakistan more dire than Afghanistan expert' b'Mugabe tries to hide cholera death toll' b'Perth Mint (AU) is overloaded with demand for gold, suspends taking orders until JAN 09' b'Refusal to declare Lisbon dead 'treason', It is a simple question will you respect the Irish vote?' b'Soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan to get antisniper device that can pinpoint the position of the shooter within a fraction of a second' b' Iran executes man in Israeli spy case' b'Michael Jackson Converted To Islam' China stole files related to NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter that detailed the space vehicle's propulsion system, solar panels, and fuel tanks Australia's Sex Party takes on 'nanny state' b'Paraguay reports 2nd crossborder raid by Brazilian troops' b'Is Mexico Finally Cleaning Up Corruption? Mexico Arrests ExChief of Antidrug Agency ' b'Britain colder than Moscow as blizzards sweep in from the Arctic' Afghanistan's struggle to tap wind energy b' Iran hangs Iranian convicted of spying for Israel' b'HIV/AIDS spreading fast in Russia despite more funding to fight it, AIDS coordinator says' b'The God Delusion = Judas Priest = D&D' b'A former police chief in Argentina, wanted for alleged crimes against human rights, has shot himself dead in front of television cameras. (video)  ' In China, the rich and powerful can hire body doubles to do their prison time for them. Woman turned to police to investigate claims of official involvement in trafficking in human beings and subsequently sent to jail for trying to expose corruption involving public officials French President Francois Hollande has made good on a campaign pledge to make the wealthiest in France pay up to 75 percent income tax.  All 330 US drone attacks in Pakistan mapped with details of the 3,247 casualties  Donald Trump destroys Scotland  Greed and arrogance win when the mogul decides to build a golf course in an environmentally pristine location  Sweden says ambassador to Belarus expelled for being too supportive of human rights. Israel helps India clean up the Ganges river | Environment More than 1,000 march in Jerusalem's 10th Gay Pride Parade British ships banned from docking in Buenos Aires Ships flying the British ensign have been banned from docking in Argentina's largest province under a new law passed yesterday.  For the first time since 1998 more money leaves China than enters it, as it incurs its first Balance of Payments deficit Mortar shells kill 20 Palestinians Satellite imagery show rate of deforestation of the Amazon is at record low Japan Upper House passes ACTA almost unanimously [link to House of Councillors vote tally] China Steps Up Curbs on Muslims Authorities in Xinjiang ban public religious activities during the holy month of Ramadan.
 Three Strikes AntiPiracy Budget Too Expensive To Justify Says French Culture Minister '...Internet disconnections are a disproportionate way to deal with infringement.' British ambassador to Israel Israel losing international support due to settlement expansion and lack of peace process Chinese teen kills nine in knife attack reports Kim tells China that his priority is to develop the decaying economy and improve living standards in North Korea
 Mexican farmers fear losing traditions, livelihood as Monsanto wins GMO planting rights in Mexicos Yucatan Peninsula 'The move by Monsanto, farmers say, continues a corporate agenda made possible through the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement.'  Femen stage topless antiIslamist Olympic protest in London Members of Ukrainian female protest group Femen demonstrate in London to draw attention to what they call bloody Islamist regimes taking part in the Olympics. Moscow sending 3 large navy ships with marines aboard to a Russian naval facility in the Syrian port of Tartus Lebanese marijuana growers fight security forces, two hurt Putin requests leniency for Pussy Riot punks   Three female members of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot, who are facing trial and jail terms of up to seven years for performing a protest inside Moscow's main cathedral, should not be judged so harshly, President Vladimir Putin said Thursday.  HSBC To Pay More Than $2 Billion In Penalties CEO said revelations of lax antimoney laundering controls had been shameful and embarrassing for Europe's biggest bank Brazil court orders Chevron to stop drilling  Chevron and Transocean given 30 days to suspend drilling pending probes into two oil spills off coast of Rio de Janeiro. Obama authorizes secret U.S. support for Syrian rebels
| Reuters Central bankers and regulators will hold talks in September [2012] on whether the troubled global Libor interest rate can be reformed or whether it is so damaged that the benchmark of borrowing costs should be scrapped. Ontario thief returns stolen goods, leaves $50 for damages Japan Set to Become 2nd Biggest Solar Power Nation  It's created a tariff to encourage investment. Utilities will pay solar firms $0.5 per kwh  triple the standard. The extra money will come from a rise in electricity prices. Meanwhile, nuclear power will provide competition. Judge says religious couple's braindamaged baby can be allowed to die. A judge has ruled that a severely braindamaged baby boy can be allowed to die even though his devoutly religious parents wanted him to be kept on a lifesupport system. North Korea's Key to Olympic Medals Refrigerators For Winners, Labor Camps for Losers A mentally ill man died in police custody after officers used unsuitable force during an unnecessarily long restraint, an inquest jury has ruled. Toronto police sued for profiling women with 'hairy legs' during G20 protests For Paternity Leave, Sweden Asks if Two Months Is Enough  WSJ.com 'If I were Iranian, I'd be fearful of the next 12 weeks' states former Mossad chief. Racist 'Scandal' German Police Kept Jobs Despite KKK Involvement  Officials allowed two German police officers to keep their jobs even after it emerged they had been members of a Klu Klux Klan spinoff group.  Kofi Annan quits as Syria peace envoy The supreme leader of Iran once banned all internet. Now he's on Instagram. Paris to return Seine to the people with carfree riverside plan. City mayor behind Paris Plages wins fight to pedestrianise large sections of 1960s expressway on left and right bank Assad supporters executed by Syria rebels Golden Dawn hands out food parcels outside parliament, but makes sure only Greek citizens receive assistance. Using water as a weapon in the West Bank The Civil Administration is protecting a law that its title in contemporary Hebrew is 'keeping most of the West Bank Palestinianfree.' A Sudanese woman accused of adultery has been sentenced to death by stoning and is being held shackled with her sixmonthold baby in jail, says activists Inside North Korea, more cellphones & traffic lights, but real change lags  
A visitor finds more signs of modernization in Pyongyang as Kim Jongun consolidates power. But it's hard to tell if reform is afoot in a country that remains deeply impoverished & isolated. Papua New Guinea charges 29 alleged cannibals Kofi Annan resigns as special envoy to Syria  RT L'Oreal heiress Bettencourt sells Seychelles island at the centre of a tax evasion case after using it as tax haven Even after India's power grid was restored, more than 400 million people still dont have access to the energy they need. They never had it in the first place. US mulls buildup of bombers and attack submarines in the AsiaPacific region, based in Guam India lifts ban on investment from Pakistan  The Times of India The American embassy in Norway forgot about their own practise bomb and called in the Norwegian bomb squad when they found it. Russians Say Human Immortality a Possibility by 2045 Australian Billionaire Wants To Build Jurassic ParkStyle Resort with cloned dinosaurs. No Copyright Law The Real Reason for Germany's Industrial Expansion? Egypt's new Islamist president has sent his first letter to an Israeli leader, Israel said Tuesday, in which the Egyptian leader expresses his hopes that the Mideast peace process can be restarted and that Israeli people can achieve security. Drone Pilots, Waiting for a Kill Shot 7,000 Miles Away  He steps out of a dark room of video screens, his adrenaline still surging after squeezing the trigger, and commutes home. The everyday life of drone pilots in upstate New York, killing people 7,000 miles away in Afghanistan London is like a ghost town 
Museums, Taxis, Theaters, and the 
London Zoo say business down by as 
much as 40%  Sudan Give us Bush & Blair, well give you Bashir 150YrOld Bangladesh Brothel Fights Closure  Tara Das says she is the 5th generation of her family to work at the same brothel in Bangladesh, but now she's fighting against Islamic protesters who want to shut down her business. Senior bank manager with HSBC plunges 100ft to his death at the Tate Modern art gallery in London Belarussian president Alexander Lukashenko has sacked his air defence chief and the head of the border guards for failing to stop a Swedish aircraft from dropping hundreds of teddy bears over the hardline state in a prodemocracy stunt. Anonymous react to French retailer involved in Trademark stunt The Cartel Behind the Scenes in the Libor Interest Rate Scandal  Investigators and political leaders believe that the manipulation of the Libor benchmark interest rate was the result of organized fraud. Institutions that participated could face billions in fines and penalties. One in 5 Hong Kong women will never find a husband, as city's gender imbalance widens. Sharp Decline in Terror Attacks After Bin Laden Death CocaCola to be booted out of Bolivia 
Ebola outbreak claims more lives in Uganda  
President appeals for citizens to limit physical contact, as virusrelated cases reported in capital Kampala Israeli law protecting UltraOrthodox from military service expires. Secular Israelis say the law was unfair. China slams new US  Iran sanctions as 'serious violation of intl rules'  RT Another Murdoch journalist arrested in phonehacking case China blocks Bloomberg for exposing financial affairs of its leaderinwaiting Xi Jinping, revealing his extended family's investments in companies with total assets of $376m Syrian rebels acquire surfacetoair missiles Five bomb blasts in Pune, India How American oil companies have built their own fiefdom in northern Iraq.  Full power restored after India hit by second huge outage Kim JongUn May Have Just Suppressed a Coup AntiPutin girl punk band to stay in jail its as if someone else is throwing a party in our house, with a huge entry fee, and were all locked in the basement.  Source Kim to reform North Korean economy after purge Spain king ousted as honorary president of World Wildlife Fund branch after elephant hunt Russian city prosecutes 73 people for homosexual propaganda Police arrested actors for spilling custard, say Olympic protesters Iranians Use Facebook To Say 'No' To Compulsory Hijab In Scotland we have a man nicknamed The Naked Rambler. He's an exmarine who has spent the past six years in prison for being naked in public. He was released three days ago. He's just been arrested again... Saudi Arabia warns nonMuslims not to eat, drink, smoke in public on Ramadan, or face expulsion BBC News  London 2012 Outrage over artist banned from Olympics Two more Syrian generals defect, flee to Turkey overnight  World News Bodies of 14 CriticallyEndangered Sumatran Tigers Seized in Indonesia  We confiscated whole preserved bodies of 14 tigers, a lion, 3 leopards, a clouded leopard, 3 bears & a tapir & a tiger head.  Tiger body parts are prized in the  traditional Chinese medicine market.   27 killed, 26 injured in Mexico bus crash. Bahraini police fire tear gas on thousands of protesters (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Sweden says freed Guantanamo captive was not bomber in Bulgaria  BostonHerald.com 2012 Olympics  Runner without country to compete at Olympics  ESPN Creepy Olympic mascots take over London 
Pussy Riot jailed for six more months Japan reduces radiation exposures of cleanup crews with lead lined detectors. Japanese rocket sends cargo craft to space station Fukushima's Uncertainty Problem  Science holds few definitive answers for those worried about radiation exposure.  Why can't it do better? Because it's guesswork.   How much radioactivity was released? Who was exposed & when?  How does it effect the human body?  Graphic interview of alleged church camp rapists angers Mexico The seizure of whiteowned farms was a disaster for Zimbabwe, but amid that pain, thousands of people got small farm plots and many ended up faring pretty well Chinese woman looks much better after doctors remove 70 tumours from her face In world's 1st commercial deepsea mining project, Canadian firm will mine for gold & copper in Papua New Guinea's seabed,  despite vehement objections over threat to marine life   Nautilus Minerals has been granted a 20yr license 

 Honour killing evolves Punjab girl hires contract killers to eliminate parents for opposing her marriage Chinese mother rescues 11 yearold daughter from brothel; sentenced to labor camp for protesting lenient punishment of the men New Zealand volcano erupts Bodyguard fears Assange may face death Kim Dotcom accuses New Zealand police of beating him during arrest.  Three female members of Pussy Riot, a Russian punk band, face prison on hooliganism charges. Band member's husband gives his diary account of five extraordinary days in a Moscow court Leaked MPAA memo shows that how they plan to deal with TV Shack and the extradition of Richard O'Dwyer The first known Gay Wedding was conducted in Muslimmajority Malaysia and where sodomy is outlawed, risking the ire of the government who has all but declared war on homosexuality Demonoid Operators Face Criminal Investigation in Mexico In Mexico a criminal case against the owners of Demonoid has been initiated and the tracker is charged with intellectual property rights violations British army considering switching to the same environmentally friendly, green bullets used by Scandinavian armies. Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood blames Sinai attack on Mossad British Bank Accused of Hiding About 250 Billion Dollars of Transactions With Iranians 'Londoner against Londoner' UK fighters held journalist captive in Syria | The two men were immediately seized by around 30 fighters when they entered the camp, which they had thought belonged to the Free Syrian Army. The journalists soon realized none of the fighters was Syrian.
 11yearold girl married to 40yearold man UK court jails parents for life over honor killing of teen daughter An unmanned Russian rocket and its payload of two communications satellites has failed to reach orbit, the latest in a series of failures that has dogged Moscow's space programme. London Olympics Cameroon athletes 'abscond' French Catholic Church to pray against upcoming gay marriage law Monsoon rains swamp Philippine capital, markets shut  
Saying Mali Is Our Country, Militias Train to Oust Islamists Iranian Chief of Staff Turkey is next after Syria French air force chief named NATO supreme commander Russia Suicide Bombers Strike at Military Unit in Chechnya Conservative German Party asks for equal taxation for married gay couples NASA's Curiosity rover has successfully landed on Mars! The first pictures are expected shortly. (Guardian liveblog) Pakistani wife in disputed marriage gunned down in court by her brother The latest 'honour killing' in Hyderabad has shocked people because the family is middle class and it happened in open court Banks In Libor Inquiry Are Said To Be Trying To Spread Blame Major banks, which often band together when facing government scrutiny, are now turning on one another as an international investigation into the manipulation of interest rates gains momentum. News coming out of Ukraine following a massive DDoS attack Demonoid has now been busted by local authorities  a source in the countrys Interior Ministry says that the action was scheduled to coincide with Deputy Prime Minister Valery Khoroshkovskys trip to the United States Syrian Prime Minister Defects to Jordan Japanese launch 4.5tonne guntoting robot controlled by smartphone Safe sex? Indonesia would rather its sex workers got Aids. Religious intolerance is undermining the fight against Asia's fastestgrowing HIV epidemic MPAA Recruits Surrogates to Support Extradition of UK Student '...MPAA experiencing problems finding allies to support the extradition of UK student Richard ODwyer  it is recruiting third party surrogates to write opeds and blog posts which back their position.'
 Drilling discovers ancient Antarctic rainforest  Turkish troops kill 115 Kurdish rebels as offensive blocks escape routes to Iraq Wealthy elite are worried about their Cayman Islands tax haven. A group of Upper Egypt children hold an impromptu protest march carrying signs saying that they had lights while President Morsi was visiting their village, but it was cut off once he left Physician calls for an end to bikini waxing Couple jailed for racist attack on daughter, 17 Zambian miners kill Chinese supervisor and injure another in pay dispute  Workers angry over mining company's failure to raise wages in line with a directive from the Lusaka government Armed militants attack Egyptian army outpost, try to infiltrate Israel border Rebirth of the Wolf Has French Greens at Each Other's Throats   Battle ignites as wolves encroach on sheepfarming land. Wolves are being seen this summer for 1st time since the 1920s.  Jos Bov, sheep farmerturnedenvironmental campaigner, is calling for the them to be shot. In Somali capital, a year without Islamist militia  

One year after the forced departure of Islamist militia Al Shabab, Mogadishu is rebuilding and prospering. But residents worry the group may return. Syria Prime Minister Riad Hijab 'defects' to Jordan Chinese police arrested 137 people, among them doctors, suspected of trafficking human organs in a nationwide crime ring that profited from the huge demand for transplants, authorities said. 'Bootleg chicken' sold for record prices in Iran Syria rebels admit kidnapping 48 Iranians in Damascus Saying Mali Is Our Country, Militias Train to Oust Islamists. The youngsters have something the regular Malian Army here appears to lack a fierce will to undo the jihadist conquest of northern Mali German Minister Warns Foreign Policy Debate Taking Very Dangerous Tone   His comment came after Italian Premier Monti warned of tensions that bear the traits of a psychological dissolution of Europe, & a German  official said Greece must leave the euro.  Unknown assailants lay siege to a Red Cross residential building in Misrata, Libya  prompting the agency to withdraw staff from two cities Vast international childporn network uncovered, 43 men arrested Police paraded us naked in public.   Several Pakistani police suspended after accusations they paraded a couple naked in public. Mobile phone footage shows a naked man being beaten by police & a woman begging them to let her cover herself. Israels Fading Democracy  NYTimes.com Palestinian bid for UN status will most likely succeed, but will not bring them closer to statehood and peace with Israel says Israel UN envoy African diplomats in Israel We're afraid to walk down streets.  Chinese police have detained almost 2,000 people in a nationwide sweep on fake drugs, seizing more than $180 million worth of counterfeit products and destroying some 1,100 production facilities Sweden counterjihad rally outnumbered by antiracists The War on Women in Colombia Includes Horrifying Acid Attacks In Turkey, construction workers uncovered part of the ancient city of Antioch  Layers include a Romanera mosaic measuring over 9,000 sq ft. A hotel & a museum will sit above the site.  This is an example of coordination between cultural heritage & modern urban development.  Mass grave in London reveals how volcano caused global catastrophe  
Scientists search for the explosive source of a disaster that wiped out almost 1/3 of Londoners in 1258 Robert Fisk Syria's ancient treasures pulverised  Riot Leaves an Egyptian Village Without Christians Faced with an MHRA crackdown on unlicensed medicines, one of Britain's leading manufacturers of homeopathic remedies has indicated it would be prepared to relabel its products 'confectionery' to circumvent regulation Syrian TV host kidnapped, executed by Islamists Greek Police Detains 1,130 Immigrants  They  vowed not to relent in their efforts to evict undocumented immigrants after a sweep they  in central Athens over the weekend. We must send the message that Greece cannot afford work and hospitality.  China calls in U.S. diplomat over South China Sea US drone strike killed leader of a major Uzbek militant group closely allied with Al Qaeda, according to the group Senior Damascus intelligence officer defects to Jordan TV
| Reuters Standard & Poors has downgraded 15 Italian banks, saying Italy faces a potentially deeper and more prolonged recession than the ratings agency had originally anticipated. As Syrian War Roils, Sectarian Unrest Seeps Into Turkey  They were there to kill us, said Servet Evli, who was hiding in his bedroom with his pregnant wife and terrified daughter, both so afraid that they urinated through their clothes.  BBC News  Syria conflict jihadists from anywhere but Syria  Photographer 'held by UK jihadists' Acid attacks on women in Colombia on the rise, experts say Nigeria gunmen storm oil ship, kill 2 native sailors and kidnap 4 foreign officers Congo rebellion ravaging women and children Radioactive cesium found in Japans fish, seawater British couple of Pakistani descent sentenced to 25 years minimum for honour killing of daughter Israeli settlers graffiti Palestinians should die and plant an improvised explosive device under a car in Ramallah Palestinian billionaire Munib alMasri's retort to Mitt Romney's claims Pussy Riot trial 'worse than Soviet era', guards with submachine guns throwing reporters out at will, judge refusing to allow testimony of 10 witnesses for the defense Girl denied permission to study engineering, kills self  India  Rajasthan  ibnlive ExMexico governor pleads guilty to laundering $19M from Jurez drug cartel The decay of Athens Olympic venues Street Harassment in Belgium  a documentary about sexist insults on the street endured by women daily in ethnically diverse, lowclass communities US will refuse bid to give United Nations control over the internet North Koreans in desperate need of food after floods  CNN.com India plans to send a probe to mars and a wheeled 
rover to the moon. Himachal Pradesh to Give Solar Lamps at Remote NonElectrified Villages  Solar lanterns are to be distributed among sheep & goat breeders in remote & tribal areas. About 4,337 lanterns will be provided by Himurja, a staterun agency that's promoting use of nonconventional energy. Four children killed by Haiti witch doctor official Acid attacks against women on the rise in Colombia U.N. to send first food aid to floodhit North Korea As sanctions decimate Iranian middle class, people are becoming more dependent on the state and more fearful of engaging in civil activism Egypt demands release of Guantanamo detainee  Scores of Iranian pilgrims abducted in Damascus  Bus with 48 Iranians  missing. The pilgrims were seized by armed groups on the Damascus airport road as they returned from a religious shrine.  France has seized the 118 million Paris mansion of Equatorial Guinea leader Teodoro Obiang Nguema's family as part of a corruption investigation involving his son  Pussy Riot trial 'worse than Soviet era' Judge refuses to allow 10 defence witnesses while lawyer claims women are being tortured with lack of food and sleep
 Iran tests upgraded version of shortrange missile In Afghanistan, U.S. Packs War Gear for the Movers l NYTimes.com U.S. Discreetly Planning for PostAssad Syria Poland considers asking repayment of a 400yearold loan taken out by Spanish King Phillip II.  The original 430,000 Gold Ducat loan is valued at 56.7 million Euros in today's money before computing interest. Russia denies plans to send ships to Syria, says Annan needs to be urgently replaced Islamist sect found living underground near Russian city for nearly 10 years  many of the children had never seen daylight  Germany's top court has ruled that homosexual couples must receive a tax benefit available to heterosexual married couples. The verdict comes as the ruling CDU debates making samesex couples more equal in tax law.  A Roman trading ship from the time of the Caesars has been discovered off the coast of Italy, reportedly in such good condition that some of the food may still be preserved inside the storage jars. Bolivia to ban CocaCola to mark the 'end of capitalism' Parkinsons Sufferer Arrested for Not Smiling at Olympic Mens Cycling Race  wikileaks under DDOS attack again  Superpower Denied? Why Chinas Rise May Have Already Peaked How a toxic mix of economic, demographic, environmental, political, and international challenges could end China's ascent. Sikhs angry at protests against US in India A majority of Australians believe the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange would not receive a fair trial should he ever be extradited to the United States
 Poland Searches for Remains of WW2 Hero  Witold Pilecki fought in three wars and even volunteered to be imprisoned at Auschwitz to send out intelligence reports. But, after the war, he was executed for opposing Poland's new communist leaders. Now the authorities are searching for his remains. Religiosity Plummets In Ireland And Declines Worldwide; Atheism On The Rise  U.S. Navy Rescues 10 From Iranian Ship on Fire  ABC News Anthropologists have discovered three human fossils that are between 1.78 and 1.95 million years old. The specimens are of a face and two jawbones with teeth. Ikea brand sold for 75 billion kronor (9 billion+ Euros)  The Local Dubai Now Major Global Supplier of Shark Fins   It's also the auction point for fins  from its own waters, plus Oman &  other Middle East & African nations.   China's vast & growing appetite for shark fin soup has caused shark stocks to drop drastically.   It's estimated some species have lost 90%. New French government moves against Roma camps Global Food Reserves Falling As Drought Wilts Crops Spanish Mayor & supporters in southern Spain occupy Ministry of Defense land, lead town residents on 'Robin Hood' style raids, expropriating food from multinational supermarkets. Says, someone has to do something so that families can eat. U.S. gives military aid to nations with child soldiers  Washington Times Pakistani Taliban threaten to kill Imran Khan Militant group say they will kill 'infidel' politician if he holds march to their stronghold to protest against US drone attacks Chile cracks down on violent student protest  Police use water cannons on crowd and arrest 75 protesters who returned to streets of Santiago to demand free education. Rohingya Muslims persecuted by Rakhine Buddhists and Myanmar forces in Burma More Abandoned Children As Europe Austerity Wears On The rise in the abandonment of infants across Europe is most visible in the spread of 'baby hatches' or 'boxes' across Europe, where unwanted infants are left anonymously. Conservative Australian Prime Minister Howard bashes U.S. gun culture in OpEd Colombia Drug Lord 'Sebastian' Arrested  He was head of underworld organisation  Office of Envigado, which  killed more people than any other criminal network in Colombia in the last 10 years.  This is the hardest blow against Colombia's criminal organisations this year.  Thousands of UK Workers 'Blacklisted' Over Political Views. Corporations in the UK used a secret blacklisting database to screen out left wing troublemakers and union sympathizers as potential job recruits. Ireland abandoning religion faster than almost every other country Pharma giant Pfizer fined for bribing officials in Eastern Europe and China | The Raw Story US starts landmark Agent Orange cleanup in Vietnam Interpol issues arrest warrant for Sea Shepherd chief MEXICO CITY (AP)  Mexican archaeologists say they have found an unprecedented human burial in which the skeleton of a young woman is surrounded by piles of 1,789 human bones in Mexico City's Templo Mayor 'A business in Wales is bussing in inmates from an open prison 21 miles away and paying them just 3 a day to man its call centre' In Scotland, humanist weddings are overtaking religious ones; if current trends continue, there will be more humanist wedding celebrations than Church of Scotland marriages in three years' time Critically endangered grey nurse shark washes ashore after her fins were slashed off  An investigation is under way on the NSW coast. The shark was still alive when it was found on the beach & suffered a slow, cruel death.  Price for fins is soaring. Iran vows it will not allow Assad to fall Egypt admits it ignored Israeli warnings of attack  Intelligence chief says no action taken because they didnt believe a Muslim would kill another Muslim during break fast Like a water world  The Philippines is drowning  BBC News  In pictures Rare snow in Johannesburg Outraged Lebanese demand end to anal exams on gay men South Korea to restart Iranian oil imports. Refiners say Tehran has offered to pay $1bn insurance. Corporations in the UK who used a secret blacklisting database to screen out left wing troublemakers and union sympathizers as potential job recruits are facing renewed scrutiny after the UKactivist group Liberty called for a fresh investigation Egypt army kills 20 militants in Sinai says offical Why India Shouldnt Criticize U.S. on Sikh Shooting Indian politicians condemning America for gun violence against its Sikh population forget India's own past. How Latin America is reinventing the war on drugs Russian general denies reports he was killed by FSA  Israel News, Ynetnews Nigerian Oil Still Poisons The Landscape After 
Promised CleanUp Iran backs Assad in Syria crisis and blames 'warmongering' US New fossil skull from Africa reveals tangled roots at base of the human family tree Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo Egypt launches Sinai air strikes Military officials say helicopters fired missiles and killed 20 'terrorists' after latest attacks on security checkpoints
 b'Where did all the money go? The global financial pyramid scheme explained.' b'Israeli officially accidentally says in front of reporter that invasion of Gaza was a prelude to attacking Iran' b'Total lunacy  when a petrol tanker overturned in Kenya people rushed to scoop up the petrol, even drilling holes in the tanker to syphon more out  then someone lit a cigarette!' b'When he found himself in danger of becoming a millionaire, he set up a foundation and gave it half his personal fortune.' b'The woman who gave birth to octuplets this week conceived all 14 of her children through in vitro fertilization, is not married and has been obsessed with having children since she was a teenager, her mother said.' b'Not only in America Half of Britons reject evolution, survey finds' A young idealist's journey to save the world ends tragically in New Orleans. b'Gaza desperately short of food after Israel destroys farmland ' b'Nokia threatens to leave Finland if constitutional rights not revoked' 'Mommy, don't' girl's last words as mother strangles her to death to keep boyfriend. b' Israeli Ambassador slips up about Iran, Saying there will be war within next month. (vid)' b'Number of homicides per 100,000 males in 2005 in the UK 0.6. The US? 9.7! I knew it would be higher, but wtf?!' b'Hamas Leader's Message to Olmert on the EVE of the 22 day offensive We'll Recognise Israel. ' b'Israel to pay out 2 million dollars to drop prosecution of murderous soldiers' In Gaza officials warn of 'destruction of all means of life' after the threeweek conflict leaves agriculture in the region in ruins b'Japanese dare to ask Do we really need an emperor?' b'Jews are forbidden to use, or are restricted in their use of, more than 300 kilometers of roads in Germany. Germans are free to use these roads with no restriction.' b'Vladimir Putin faces signs of mutiny in own government as protests break out in east' b'Carter says Hamas demand for ceasefire was to open borders for food, water, medicine to enter Gaza.  Israel reneged on deal and then bombs them on Election Day.' b'Israel hopes to colonize parts of Iraq as Greater Israel' b'Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has vowed a disproportionate response to rocket attacks on Israel from Gaza' b'Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel's leading candidate for prime minister, said Saturday that Iran will not be armed with a nuclear weapon.' b'Sudan expels US aid group in Darfur region after officials found thousands of Arabiclanguage bibles in its office' Despite Odds, Women's Movement Persists In Iran b'The word went out on the web every skilled man should strike  Fifteen minutes later, at 6.30am, 400 men began to gather outside the Wilton chemical complex on Teesside behind a banner demanding British jobs 4 British workers' b'...and I am to Blame?' b'Italy bans kebabs and foreign food from cities' b'Israel has refused to allow a Frenchmade water purification system into Gaza amid a drinking water crisis in the Palestinian strip' b'Palestinians are forbidden from crossing the road or traveling on the road by foot, animal or automobile' b'Israeli ambassador to Australia slips up and discloses possible action against Iran in a month' b'Leaked report on Jewish settlements in the West Bank shows that the Israeli government was complicit in illegal construction on land owned by Palestinians' b'France says Israel blocks water equipment for Gaza' b'Jews are not Zionists!' b'Were Europeans once cannibals?   You bet!' b'Israel denies Gaza access to clean water' Britain and Germany want International Financial Watchdog so America can't fuck up the world ... again. Spain opens investigation of Israel under it's universal jurisdiction law for crimes against humanity in case of 2002 Israeli bombing in Gaza which killed 14 innocent civilians b'All Australians could be implanted with microchips for tracking and identification within the next two or three generations, a prominent academic says.' b'Can Countries Really Go Bankrupt?' DEA quits Bolivia on Morales' order Thousands protest across Russia demanding Putin's resignation Mafia business 'equal' to 9% of Italian GDP b'The military should close its torture school. I know because I graduated from it.' b'We are on the brink of war with the South, says North Korea' b'Governments across Europe tremble as angry people take to the streets' Fake pharmacies plague Iraq There is no oversight to ensure drugs aren't counterfeit or contaminated. b'Israeli Ambassador to Australia Says Will Deal With Iran's Nuclear Program Within a Month [vid]' b'Turkish PM hailed as a hero' b'Testimony of a man who trained child soldiers in DR Congo' b'Database implicates Israeli government in settlement land grab' Women in Tokyo are threatening a sex boycott against any man who votes for the frontrunner in this weekend's gubernatorial election, in protest at his claim that menstruation makes women unfit for government. UK Police will have 'backdoor' access to health records despite optout, says MP | David Davis says police would be able to approach central NHS database without a warrant as critics warn of catastrophic breach of trust HSBC settlement approved no criminal charges, 5 weeks' profit in fines, deferred bonuses for laundering billions for narcoterrorists There are spycams in Olympic showers, Russian Deputy PM admits Massive protests in cities all over Bosnia. Citizens torching government buildings. China fury at Japanese claim that Nanjing massacre never took place Board member at Japan's state broadcaster denies infamous wartime slaughter of tens of thousands ever happened Saudi female student dies after male ambulance crew denied access University officials argued that the ambulance staff were males and could not enter the premises Great Barrier Reef on brink of devastation in relentless quest for coal Why 2,000 passengers just rioted at an airport in China  more than 2,000 delayed passengers stormed checkin counters at an airport in Henan province, smashing computers and equipment, in response to the airports fivehour long shutdown because of snow. Myanmar arrests five journalists for reporting the governments hiding a chemical weapons production plant. Chinas military worries that its onlychild recruits are wimps  Chinas millions of only childrenknown as little emperors for how they are doted upon by parents and grandparentsmay turn out to be terrible soldiers. The World Bank's former chief economist wants to replace the US dollar with a single global supercurrency, saying it will create a more stable global financial system. 'The dominance of the greenback is the root cause of global financial and economic crises,' Justin Yifu Lin told Bruegel 900,000 year old footprints in the UK have been confirmed as human 76yearold German woman celebrates birthday with cocaine binge in Berlin bar Video emerged of military dog taken hostage by Taliban. Thousands of Saudis vented their anger online over a report that staff at a Riyadh university had barred male paramedics from entering a women'sonly campus to assist a student who had suffered a heart attack and later died Bosnian police use stun grenades, rubber bullets as protesters torch government building  reports Russia bans Bitcoin Big Pharma presses US to quash cheap drug production in India Message to North Korea engagers Youre helping Kim Jong  People in Pyongyang and Wonsan have been watching buses disgorge respectful Europeans and Americans for years now. The regime spins these visits as pilgrimages, and the locals are invested enough in the national lifelie to believe it. A Nobel Peace Prize for legalizing marijuana  why not?  Uruguays President Jos Pepe Mujica has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for the second year in a row  for legalizing marijuana. Winning the lottery makes you more conservative, study finds A sudden windfall makes people less compassionate and 18% of winners immediately switched support to conservatives Solar Water Pumps Wean Farmers From Indias Archaic Grid  My crops would have failed if I hadnt opted for a solar pump. Leaked tape, US involvement in Ukraine. Third day of demonstrations in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Government buildings are on fire. The system that provides half the drinking water to South Americas largest city, Sao Paulo, will run dry in 45 days if theres no rain, amid the biggest drought on record. Goldman Sachs Sued for Selling Libya Billions in Worthless Options A dog shelter backed by a Russian billionaire is engaged in a frantic lastditch effort to save hundreds of strays facing a death sentence before the Winter Olympics WeedLegalizing President Nominated For Nobel Peace Prize 3 tons of seized illegal ivory crushed in Paris How UK spies committed DoS attacks against Anonymous  Regular citizens would face 10 years in prison and enormous fines for committing a DoS / DDoS attack. The same applies if they encouraged or assisted in one. But if you work in the government, it seems like you're an exception to the rule. Vatican kept a code of silence on Child Sexual Abuse by Priests, says UN Report Fuck the EU, frustrated US Assistant Secretary of State says to US Ambassador to Ukraine in a leaked phone call about inaction and indecision by the European Union in solving Ukraines political crisis. Female genital mutilation is banned but very much alive in the UK Scientists have likely found Charlemagne's skeleton Giant jellyfish, never encountered before, found on Australian beach Former German chancellor US has 'no respect' The Harper Government Insists its Legal to Collect Metadata Bionic hand allows patient to 'feel'. Dennis Aabo was able to feel what was in his hand via sensors connected to nerves in his upper arm. Scientists have created a bionic hand which allows the amputee to feel lifelike sensations from their fingers. Tony Abbott launching a fullfrontal attack on renewable energy industry. The environment minister, Greg Hunt, jumped out of a plane to support a previous save our solar campaign on the grounds that Labors decision to meanstest the then $8,000 subsidy was putting the industry into freefall. Frozen Slovenia is witnessing 'The Worst Devastation In Living Memory' Israel said willing to give up 90% of West Bank Fire Destroys Iron Mountain Data Warehouse, Argentina's Bank Records Lost Winter Olympics 2014 Sochis day of reckoning has finally come  just dont look too closely Ukrainian activist forced to admit being U.S. spy under torture How Big Is Sochi's Terrorism Problem? It would be safer if we had the Olympics in North Korea. At least they dont have an active terrorist group blowing things up. Turkish MPs endorse internet control law Despite opposition from press freedom groups, Turkeys parliament approved a bill tightening control of Internet. 17yearold Fahma Mohamed calls on Michael Gove to help end female genital mutilation in the UK | She wants the education secretary to write to headteachers and ask them to train and inform teachers and parents about practice, which has affected an estimated 66,000 women and girls in the UK. Legal experts gobsmacked after British judge orders Mormon leader to prove faiths origins Over 400 dead dolphins wash up on northern Peru beaches The Catholic Church must remove all child sexual abusers from their posts and turn them over to the police, the UN says. UK Police blatantly lie on camera to falsely arrest citizen journalist Indigenous Groups No Keystone XL Pipeline Will Cross Our Lands  Native American communities are promising fierce resistance to stop TransCanada from building, & President Barack Obama from permitting, the northern leg of the Keystone Scotland becomes the 17th country in the world to legalize samesex marriage. BBC News  UN denounces the Vatican for systematically allowing priests to rape thousands of children Police beat boys who ran away from Salvation Army home Children who complained of sexual abuse were given a 'flogging' then taken back to home, former resident says Jamaican Bobsled Team Lose Luggage on Way to Sochi US ambassador to Germany admits NSA tapping of Merkel's phone was stupid Brazil senator proposes Snowden for Nobel Peace Prize  We are convinced that Mr Snowden's actions, more than those of any other individual, contributed to a more stable and peaceful future, said Grazziotin. AT&T Becomes First Major Advertiser to Protest Russias Antigay Law Philippine president compares China's expansion to Nazi Germany  At what point do you say, Enough is enough? Well, the world has to say it. Remember that the Sudetenland was given in an attempt to appease Hitler to prevent World War II, The king of Bahrain has approved a law imposing a jail sentence of up to seven years and a fine of up to 10,000 dinars ($26,500) for anyone who publicly insults him. Albania says it will ban all hunting for two years to protect animals threatened with extinction Apparently the NSA has been spying on the German Chancellor since 2002 Three bankers go on trial in Dublin over financial crash that brought Ireland to its knees A new Afghan law will allow men to attack their wives, children and sisters without fear of judicial punishment, undoing years of slow progress in tackling violence in a country plagued by honour killings, forced marriage and vicious domestic abuse. Norwegian Minister Of Health Brings His Husband To Sochi Babybeating charges dropped for mother begging with child in Barcelona, cops who falsely accused her sentenced to 2 years in jail. NBC All Visitors to Sochi Olympics Immediately Hacked Alberta pipeline ruptured in 2009, TransCanada and federal regulators hid report until a FOIA request by CBC New Afghanistan law passed by parliament, bans relatives of accused from testifying against them. Most violence against women is within the family, so the law effectively silences victims as well as most potential witnesses The United States has cut back sharply on its drone strikes in Pakistan after the Islamabad government asked for restraint while it seeks peace talks with the Pakistani Taliban The NSA also tapped the phone of Merkel's predecessor, German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, over his opposition to the Iraq War EU gives US six months to come clean on visa policy UN Accuses Vatican of Adopting Policies That Allowed Priests to Rape Children Guardian reveals threats of imprisonment and closure over Snowden leaks The British government threatened to jail Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger and close the newspaper last July, over the newspapers reporting of the Edward Snowden revelations South Koreans drink twice as much liquor as Russians and more than four times as much as Americans The spy agency which illegally monitored Kim Dotcom's communications has admitted deleting information needed in the upcoming $6 million damages hearing, according to the tycoon Pope unjust unemployment can mean sin, suicide He noted that sometimes 'unjust social conditions' like unemployment lead to this type of destitution by depriving people of the dignity of work and access to education and health care. Rights Group Releases Video of LGBT Attacks in Russia The truth behind the luxury of Qatar Airways  Flight attendants treated like slaves As war on corruption mounts, Chinas rich flee to America  The US grants far more green cards to wealthy Chinese as president Xi Jinping cracks down. Ukraine discussion thread #3 (sticky post) 4,600YearOld Step Pyramid Uncovered in Egypt. The pyramid, which predates the Great Pyramid of Giza, is one of seven for which its function remains a mystery. Ukrainian customs block 10 tons of humanitarian aid for Maidan protestors Oilsands air pollutants underestimated, researchers find India to build world's largest solar plant  Facility will triple the country's solar capacity and dwarf existing photovoltaic arrays. Much of Sochi is a work in progress, and parts of it look at least a dozen allnighters away from completion. There are unfinished hotels, halffinished stores and a mall where the only shop that is open and thriving is a Cinnabon. BBC News  Governor of Japan broadcaster NHK denies Nanjing massacre Saudi King Abdullah Bin Abdul Aziz issued a royal decree on Monday saying any citizen who fights in conflicts outside the Kingdom could face jail USBacked Afghan President Hamid Karzai Calls The Taliban His Brothers, Slams US Presence In Afghanistan Scotland's samesex marriage bill to be given final approval Tar Sands Toxins with Keystone XL Link Underestimated | The Canadian government may have underestimated emissions of carcinogens known as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, or PAHs, from the Alberta tar sands, and they may be a major hazard to both human and ecosystem health. Australia permits dredge dumping near Great Barrier Reef for major coal port Man attempts bank robbery wanting to go to jail, fails and ends up with a cup of coffee instead of cash. Russian dad talks killer son into freeing classroom full of hostages (with video) Pakistan Has A Months Worth Of Water Left and 5% Of Its Tree Cover. 80% of Pakistans agriculture relies on irrigation from the overstressed water system Germany wants Britain to stay in EU because it stops Europe from going to war  The history before the First world war was of not talking to each other, of alienation, of nationalisms. NSA Scandal Boosts German Tech Industry The German IT sector is hoping to profit from trust lost in American technology firms in the aftermath of the NSA spying scandal. But critics warn that plans to create a European routing system could affect the openness of the Internet. Oneyear prison sentence for 21yearold Twitter user who glorified terrorists Saudi Arabia put into effect a sweeping new counterterrorism law Sunday that human rights activists say allows the kingdom to prosecute as a terrorist anyone who demands reform, exposes corruption or otherwise engages in dissent. Hackers Sue German Government Over NSA Spying David Miranda's detention a chilling attack on journalism | When the partner of journalist Glenn Greenwald was detained at Heathrow airport last August under the Terrorism Act, MI5 were pulling the strings and knew full well that he wasn't a terrorist WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has claimed that a woman he is alleged to have raped sent text messages admitting that he never assaulted her | In an affidavit published on the WikiLeaks website, Assange cites several SMS messages supposedly exchanged between his two alleged victims. Corruption in the EU is breathtaking says EU Commissioner. Australian PM has Video removed and YouTube Account closed for violations Financial world shaken by 4 bankers' apparent suicides in a week Chaos Computer Clubs files criminal complaint against entire German government and Merkel over spying scandal UK Parliament considers allowing secret courts to issue orders to seize reporters' notebooks UK media alarmed by govt bill allowing seizure of journalists notes, files UK media organizations have warned that if a government bill authorizing police to seize journalists notebooks, photos and digital files is passed Monday, it could seriously endanger press freedom in the country. More sailors have been abandoned by their employers than taken hostage by Somali pirates, a controversial practice to avoid big expenses. 25% of Russian Men are Dead by Age 55 EU Sweden should ban secret party donations  While Sweden was acknowledged as one of the least corrupt countries in the EU, a new report from the European Commission urges Sweden to ban anonymous political party donations. Russia Hostage situation at one of Moscow schools. Police officer on duty is allegedly shot. Japanese radio commentator quits after being told to shut up about Fukushima nuclear plant Why Dutch mayors want to cultivate cannabis  'We have a bizarre system of banning and allowing cannabis at the same time' [xpost /r/LegalNews] Total Drone Deaths in Pakistan Top 2,000 Shark Cull Opposition Intensifies in Australia  Thousands take to beaches to protest against controversial catching and killing of sharks longer than 3 metres Thousands of antiPutin protesters march in Moscow Missing Amy Hamilton poster circulating on social media revealed as racist rightwing propaganda hoax A new film about Muammar Gaddafi, based on the testimony of those who were closest to him, contains an allegation that he ordered a young man to be tied between two cars and ripped in half, after he had complained about Gaddafi having had sex with his wife. Why do we insist on building on flood plains? Houses are still being built on floodplains  despite expert warnings UK Labour has accused the Conservatives of being obsessed by taxing the poor for unoccupied bedrooms while refusing to act against the super rich who keep mansions empty for years. South Koreans drink twice as much liquor as Russians and more than four times as much as Americans Brazil Must Offer Edward Snowden Asylum, Glenn Greenwald Says Egyptian belly dancer and actress Sama Al Masry has just announced that she would run in Egypts upcoming parliamentary elections, and in doing so, she vowed to exact revenge on the Muslim Brotherhood. Kangaroo court orders Indian woman to be gangraped by 13 men for having a relationship with a man from another village Tens of thousands of people have marched to Spain's parliament to protest against the government's new law that aims to restrict abortion, allowing the practice only in cases of rape or serious risk to health. $395 billion global 2012 arms sales US dominates list of top 10 global arms sellers. Number of men claiming to have been sexually assaulted in New Zealand rising steeply How Russia is Fighting to Regain Control of Ukraine Boys 'rented out' for abuse at Salvation Army boys' home at Bexley in Sydney's south Chief economists apparent suicide is the latest in a series of bizarre deaths in the financial world this week Palestinian workers back Scarlett Johansson's opposition to SodaStream boycott Afghanistan Has More Women in National Parliament Seats Than the U.S. Goldman Deal Threatens Danish Government Australia Claims Substantial Progress on Reef Protection in Attempt to Stave Off a 'World Heritage' Downgrade, Despite Govt Approving a Massive Coal Port Expansion & the Reef's Governing Body  Under Investigation for its Links to Mining Okaying the Dumping of Dredge Waste Within its Waters. Beijing Smog Contains Witches' Brew of Microbes  For people racked by dreaded Beijing cough, it's clear that particles are a health problem. But less clear is the impact  or even identity  of microbes also in the brown haze. Study reveals pathogens & allergens in citys air. Volcanic ash smothers part of Indonesia, kills 15 David Cameron has been accused of secretly plotting to pack public bodies with Tory supporters | The Prime Minister came under fire after Labour peer Baroness Morgan was effectively sacked as the chairwoman of schools inspectors Ofsted. UKs January Flooding Surpasses All 247 Yrs of Data on the Books  Last month's seasonal total was higher than any since 1767 & 3 times the average level Israeli security minister slams Kerry over boycott, threatens to invade Gaza Sochi Culling Stray Dogs Ahead of the Olympics BBC News welcomes Chinese New Year with the message Welcome to the year of the whores. People around the globe celebrate White House official urges Japan to respect history Teck smelter spills chemical solution into Columbia River in Canada American Photojournalist James Nachtwey Shot In Thai Violence Syrian Electronic Army hacks eBay and PayPal UK Bullying in armed forces on rise, MoD figures reveal | Call for urgent overhaul of military justice as MP highlights plight of servicewomen alleging sexual offences A court in Egypt has dropped charges against more than 60 supporters of the ousted President Mohammed Morsi, who were arrested last summer The Mexican government is passing laws that will ban all shark and stingray fishing. This week, they passed a permanent ban on fishing for great white sharks. If a great white is accidentally caught, it must be released. Australian PM denounces Edward Snowden as a traitor Canadian Gov't Responds To Spying Revelations By Saying It's All A Lie And Calling Glenn Greenwald A 'Porn Spy' Tour Operators Fume Over Great Barrier Reef Dumping Plan  They are not looking at scientific fact, they are not looking at protection of the reefthey are just doing what their political masters want. Well, let me tell you, 220 scientists wrote saying 'do not grant this'. UK Secret hearings could allow police to seize journalists' notes if deregulation bill passes A Look at Nine Goldman Sachs Trades That Lost Libya $1 Billion in One Year  Goldman Sachs, however, walked away with roughly $350 million in profits from executing these trades Iceland taps the ultimate renewable energy source Earth's magma  Iceland's National Energy Authority has created the world's first magmabased geothermal energy system after drilling 1.3 miles (2,100 meters) through the Earth's crust. Ban on HIV positive immigrants entering the UK proposed for immigration bill by Tory MP's. Decriminalizing marijuana Could Mexico City be next to light up? New Snowden docs show Canadian spies tracked thousands of travelers India A man spent 10 years in jail because police dog barked at him. Now, Bombay High Court sets him free Australia's plan to dump sediment near Great Barrier Reef sparks outrage More than 100 million cubic feet of sediment will be dumped near the World Heritagelisted reef to make way for one of the world's largest coal ports. Catholic priest who ran rightwing death squad during the Dirty War arrested in Colombia Israeli army preventing Palestinian from sowing land near settlement Now we know Ottawa can snoop on any Canadian. What are we going to do? India Becomes Second Country To Ban Testing On Animals For Household Products Ukraine Police Attacked Dozens of Journalists, Medics Nokia restructures, gives former employees support to create hundreds of new companies Inside 'Billionaires' Row' London's rotting, derelict mansions worth 350m | The North London street where billionaires can buy homes, never live in them, let them rot and still make millions The pop singer daughter of a Mexican cartel boss causes controversy by posing in an outfit covered in the insignia of her father's gang Hundreds of dead animals, many on the endangered lists, found at South Africa airport. Brazil continues to ignore Snowden asylum appeal | Over a million people have signed an online petition to grant asylum to former NSA contractor Edward Snowden in Brazil. However, experts doubt that the country will give in to this demand. Goldman Sachs sued for $1 billion by Libya wealth fund Ukraine unrest EU and US clash with Russia in Munich Brazil Must Offer Edward Snowden Asylum, Glenn Greenwald Says; Greenwald also praised the way the Brazilian government has dealt with the U.S. following allegations of espionage. b'Brazil Announces Plan to Slow Amazon Deforestation by 70%' b'Big brother police to get power to stop you in the street to demand ID  (UK  of course)' b'CCTV footage of cops fighting Bombay terrorists. Mob got him in the end.' b'The Daily Show on the Mumbai Tragedy There have always been motherfuckers, there will always be motherfuckers, but what we can't do, is let them control our motherfucking lives.' b'The Vatican on gays Better dead than married!' b'People over 60s are the fastestgrowing group of criminals in Japan, with more arrests than teenagers in many areas' b'Live Earth Concert Cancelled Due to Terrorist Attacks' b'UK government sneaking in mandatory ID cards' b'Until last week, no one in the U.K. had dared search Parliament since 1642, when such an act led to the beheading of King Charles I.' First oil was expensive and we were told to be afraid, now it's very cheap and we're told to be afraid b'As Rwandan genocide raged, a Canadian general's pleas for help were ignored  Hundreds of thousands could have been saved' b'Italian judge suspends trial of CIA agents' The world's most successful tennis player, Pete Sampras, became bored with retirement so he is back in London to play competitively again Argentina's President Vetoes Law that would have Protected Glaciers b'Europe Should Not Appease China, Says Dalai Lama' b'Abdel Bari Atwan on the Mumbai attacks Today India is seen as moving closer to Israel in business ties as well as importing weapons from Israel.' b'The Associated Press Trivializes Iraqi Death Toll, Amplifies Censorship and The New York Times Adds Unique Twist in Censoring Genocidal Numbers.' b'Iran has recently executed an IT expert who confessed of being an Israeli spy for at least three years' Doctors Terrorists Torture of Jewish Victims in Mumbai 'Beyond Words'.   Why hasn't the US MSM reported this? b'Nations to sign cluster bomb ban treaty United States, China, Russia, Israel, Pakistan and India reject ban' b'Nations sign cluster bomb treaty' b'Key Chavez opponent faces charges' b'Venezuela All those companies where the employers exploit the workers, or where it has become indebted and cannot pay its workers, well, they have to be recovered, nationalised, taken over.' b'I killed 110 Children, Claims Witchdoctor' b'How do you pay a pirate's ransom? what goes on would be worthy of a Hollywood action movie script.' North Korea's Kim releases U.S. journalists b'Zambian reporter sends pictures of woman giving birth without medical assistance to health minister. Now she is being accused of distributing porn? WTF?' US Gov't demands the names of 52,000 citizens with secret Swiss bank accounts.  Gets 5000 after threat of nothing at all from Swiss Gov't. b'Hiroshima  64 years ago tomorrow' b'Male rape cases and castrations increasing in Congo, though most go unreported due to severe humiliation.' b'Iran executes 24 in one of largest mass executions in three decades. Iran uses slow hanging to prolong suffering. This is how holy men run a country?' b'The Israeli government is desperately trying to censor IDF soldiers who are contradicting the governments official story of the Gaza Massacre' b'Police used teargas to disperse protesters rallying in support of a Sudanese woman facing 40 lashes for wearing trousers in public ' b'President of Toyota We are fast approaching peak oil when the demand for oil exceeds supply, ' b'Chinese teenager beaten to death in internet addiction clinic' b'Losing Patience with Israel Having sacrificed so much in the Middle East, America will not think twice about asking its friendsespecially the one it bankrolls, and which is occupying densely Arabpopulated landto sacrifice, too' b'Tortured, then Murdered Journalist Found in Shallow Grave near Acapulco, Mexico' b'World Leaders Refuse to Congratulate Ahmadinejad ' b'Brazilians Urged to Urinate in Shower' b'Blackwater Employees Speak Out' 'Muhammad Knows Nothing About Football' Muslims Angered by Verse in German Soccer Club Song A Milton Keynes mother was fined 80 for overstaying her baby's funeral by ten minutes b'$2,000 for ShiiteSunni couples who marry, as Iraqi government program seeks to mix sects' b'Israelis have created a homegrown mafia that can give the Russians, Chinese and Albanians a run for the money' b'Kim Jong Il has pardoned and released two U.S. journalists after meeting with former U.S. President Clinton. Clinton rocks )' b'Web site tracks world online censorship reports ' b'Chinese survey finds prostitutes more trusted than officials' b'Ahmadinejad is sworn in as Iranian president.' b'ExEmployees Link Blackwater Founder Eric Prince to Murder, Threats' b'Football Song Written in 1924 in Germany Rouses Protest From Muslims Today ' b'Canada WalMart tries to prevent employee unionization. WalMart tries to go to Supreme Court. WalMart loses.' After suffering a financial meltdown, 6070% of Iceland's fishing stock is infected by a parasite, making it nearly impossible to sell. Fishing accounts for half of Iceland's exports. b'Internet Watch Foundation (IWF), has withdrawn its objection to a Wikipedia page that contained an image of a naked girl.' Hitler was the perfect boss Former maid breaks her silence on the 'charming' dictator b'Mugabe finally admits massive cholera outbreak in Zimbabwe.  Add this to starvation, riots, and 231,000,000% inflation.  It is time for Mugabe to step down.' b'Greece Police using fascists and policemen in plain clothes, with rocks and sticks, pretending to be demonstrators, targeting either the demonstrators or vandalizing small shops and houses [PICS]' It's official China is the world's biggest polluter Dubai's solution to sewage problems Dig a hole in the desert and dump it. b'Somali pirates have received US$3.5 million ransom for the release of the Ukrainian freighter' b'Iraqis applaud charges against Blackwater guards' b'Spains ruling elite tries to ignore the fate of 300,000 murdered by Francos fascists, the 500,000 people they imprisoned and the 500,000 they forced into exile.' b'Global oil demand will collapse next year and commodities will not return to the highs they reached this summer in the foreseeable future' b'U.S. declines to free Reuters photographer in Iraq (Reuters)' b'10,000 bone fragments found in an Argentinian detention center shows that bodies were thrown into a pit, shot, and burned along with tires.' b'Mumbai massacre gunmen identified, and guess which country they ALL belong to..' b'UK 90% of Private Pension Plans In Red Over $300B' b'Japanese recession much worse than first predicted' b'Greece Braces for General Strike' b'Strikes cripple Greece, shaken by riots' How Burma's opposition lost its fear b'Out by June UK plans Iraq withdrawal' b'Strike shuts down Greece, more violence feared' Sustained speculative attack sends pound to record low against euro. As a Brit i'm fucking pissed off, I hope we don't adopt the Euro. b'Riots in Greece [video]' b'Mumbai cop took bullets to help nab one terrorist alive.' Chinese girl gets 'kiss of deaf' b'Israeli PM Ehud Olmert The sight of Jews standing with guns and shooting at innocent Palestinian civilians can only be called a pogrom.' b'Japan America entrapped Japan into carrying out Pearl Harbor  Japan never waged a war of aggression' b'What the no day means on Greece and why student anger erupted across Greece over Saturday's fatal police shooting of a teenage boy.' b'Former ISI chief tells Fareed Zakaria on CNN that 9/11 and Mumbai were inside jobsZakaria, member of the Trilateral Comission, offers big fat disclaimer' b'The Taliban movement now holds a permanent presence in 72 percent of Afghanistan, up from 54 percent a year ago.' b'UK RIP Oliver Postgate  creator of Bagpuss and the clangers' b'[VIDEO] Greece Police chases protester. Police beats protester.  Other protesters protect first protester.' b'In order to sustain global automania, we require overwhelming selfdelusion.' b'UN Agency Nearly 1 Billion Hungry' b'The 7 Dumbest Things Ever Done by Airport Security | Cracked.com' Two Pilots survive 18 hours on an ice floe in 20C after crashlanding in Canada's far north. b'Sony to cut plants and 8,000 jobs' b'UK Schoolgirl with learning difficulties gangraped and scarred with acid' b'Video of Massive Riots in Greece  In response to the murder of 15 year old boy by policeman' b'Pakistan exspy chief U.S. wants him on terror list' b' Who are the protesters in Greece?  ' b'France fined for delaying EU laws' b'Military jet crash in San Diego kills 3 on ground' Pakistan won't hand suspects to India b'Gallup Venezuelans more satisfied than other Latin Americans but ranked just below North America and Western Europe' b'Financial Times writer speculates on the pitfalls of world government' b'Athens riots live video coverage' b'India releases details of nine dead Mumbai gunmen' b'Homeless dog risks life to rescue pal' You won't hear about the Bosnian revolution in news Protesters ask for the abolition of economic model that favors only the rich Edward Snowden has received eight public nominations for the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize Intelligence officials investigating how Edward Snowden gained access to a huge trove of the most highly classified documents say that he used inexpensive and widely available software to scrape the NSAs networks Danish zoo sparks outrage by killing healthy giraffe Foreign Office caught asking Spanish press to undermine Scottish independence Snowden documents show British spies use techniques to deny, disrupt, degrade and deceive by any means possible, such as setting up social media honey pots to harvest embarrassing information Mexico vigilantes enter Knights Templar cartel stronghold Why global water shortages pose threat of terror and war. Reserves dangerously depleted in California, the Middle East, Brazil, north Africa, South Asia and China Police fired water cannon and teargas to disperse hundreds of people protesting in central Istanbul on Saturday against new controls on the Internet approved by parliament this week. A giraffe at Copenhagen zoo will be destroyed tomorrow to keep the herd genetically pure Google will have to display on its French search page a notice saying it has been fined by the local dataprotection watchdog over how user information is tracked and stored, France's top administrative court ruled on Friday. Documents reveal chaotic military sexabuse record China accuses US of adding to regional tensions International Olympic Committee Will Not Object To Arrests And Beatings Of Russian LGBT Activists Sochi Olympics U.S., Russian judges accused of conspiring to help certain figure skaters The miracle cure  scientists turn human skin into stem cells. A simple laboratory process raises hopes of a cure for serious illnesses including heart disease and Parkinson's, and could lead to the creation of embryos, according to one scientist Iran sending warships close to US borders. Nick Clegg Attacks The Tory Party On Drugs, Calls For New Approach Immigration minister behind 'Go Home' campaign resigns for employing illegal immigrant In Yemen, questions and anger over U.S. drone targets after civilian deaths Child sex tourism warning for fans attending World Cup in Brazil Under the new Fair Elections Act Canadian Chief Electoral Officer (independent officer in charge of administering federal elections) says Conservative Government will remove his ability to promote and speak about democracy in Canada. Conservatives also invoked debate time limit. Turkish police fire tear gas to break up Internet protest Highdose vitamin C can boost the cancerkilling effect of chemotherapy in the lab and mice, research suggests. Given by injection, it could potentially be a safe, effective and lowcost treatment for ovarian and other cancers, say US scientists. Dubai mulls minimum salary for car owners Dubai authorities are considering introducing a scheme that would restrict car ownership to those earning above a certain salary, a top official was quoted as saying. How Japans BBC is rewriting its role in Second World War. Naoki Hyakuta says Japan was lured into the Second World War by America while liberating Asia from white colonialism. Fukushima radiation levels underestimated by five times, according to TEPCO. UK Immigration minister Mark Harper resigns after it emerges his cleaner did not have permission to work in UK Four LGBT Activists Arrested in Russia for Quoting the Olympic Charter Russian Olympic snowboarder puts Pussy Riot logo on his board Britain Puts Mormonism on Trial  A London court called the churchs leader to account for false doctrinesthe latest in a string of sensational charges leveled against Mormons since they 1st landed in Liverpool. Internet users all over the world are standing up to say no to GCHQ and the NSA's mass surveillance | Open Rights Group, Liberty, English PEN, Privacy International, Article 19, and Big Brother Watch are coming together to launch Don't Spy on Us on the 11th of February. China cancels USA corn purchases as GMO dispute drags on Turning table on NSA, US diplomats' phone call is bugged, leaked to YouTube | Did Russian spy apparatus capture senior official's F*ck the EU comment? The number of civilians killed and wounded in the conflict in Afghanistan rose 14% last year, the UN says. Nearly 3,000 civilians were killed and more than 5,600 were injured in 2013 Italy 'Cashmere' clothes found to contain Rat fur Irans Hassan Rouhani donates $400,000 to Tehran Jewish hospital Bank of England 'was told that traders were rigging currency rates two years ago but did nothing about it'. Traders claim they told Bank about information sharing in 2012 but officials told banks they should make up own rules. Rob Ford bans rainbow flag flying at Toronto City Hall LGBT people irrelevant at Olympics Toronto mayor Rob Ford wants Pride flag  just raised at City Hall to support gay rights at Sochi  taken down [Turkish] Allegedly there was an hijacking attempt on a Pegasus Flight with the aim of Sotji. Russia Censors Olympic Ring Mishap Ukrainian plane landed in Istanbul due to alleged hijacking attempt 10 LGBT activists arrested in Moscow  They came with rainbow flags and sang the Russian national anthem US vows to defend Japan against China Olympic officials are defending the use of TV rehearsal footage to cover up a glitch in Sochi's opening ceremony and the choice of a final torchbearer who had posted a racially offensive tweet about President Barack Obama. Nasa's Curiosity rover has taken a photograph of Earth from the surface of Mars, showing what our planet looks like from 100 million miles away. Two quakes strike near Fukushima UK could be hit by 150 mph winds as worst storm in decades approaches UK inequality is getting worse, quickly. The UK is now among the most inequal countries in Europe.