 Russia & US agree to build new space station after ISS 73% of Australians believe that constitution should change to recognise Indigenous people, and remove clauses that discriminate on the basis of race Kim Dotcom has lost an estimated $67 million worth of assets after the United States government wins a civil forfeiture case Russia to Help Palestine Become Independent State Spain passes law allowing instant fines for taking photos of the police, being present in occupied areas. Japan whaling ships return home from Antarctic with no catch Pilot used an ax on cockpit door Italy's highest court overturns Amanda Knox murder conviction WikiLeaks reveals local health and environment rules under threat | Australian health, environment and public welfare regulation, including plain tobacco packaging legislation, will be open for challenge from largely USbased corporations, if a new deal that is part of the TPP goes through. Norwegian Police have found video clips of torture, mutilation, and executions saved on the mobile phones of those seeking asylum in Norway, the Police Immigration Service has told the countrys Dagsavisen newspaper. The Kremlin is cutting its initial production of the Sukhoi T50 fighter by 75 percent amid cost overruns and rumored technical concerns  the same kind of issues that have plagued US development of the F35. The U.S. Air Force and Navy rescued two Saudi pilots Friday after they ejected from their F15 fighter over the Gulf of Aden during combat operations against Houthi rebels in Yemen. Outrage at China treatment of activists Five female protesters are being held for picking a quarrel after campaigning against domestic abuse and sexual harassment. AlShabab siege at Somali hotel ends, 21 Dead Blood spattered utensils, bulletpocked walls and overturned chairs mark the reception area of a prominent hotel in the Somali capital following an attack by Islamic extremists that killed at least 21, including six attackers. Destroyed Mosul artifacts to be rebuilt in 3D  It didn't take long for the scientific community to react. 2 wks after the sacking of 300 yrold Mosul Museum by ISIS went viral, researchers launched Project MOSUL to virtually restore damaged artifacts & make them accessible from virtual museums. Copilots's exgirlfriend He said he had a plan to make everybody remember his name Quebec Protester Shot In The Face With Tear Gas At AntiAusterity Rally Inmate 'emailed own release order' Future shop closing all stores in Canada effective today Russia 'to join Chinaled development bank' India successfully launches IRNSS1D, fourth of seven navigation satellites 'Liberal' Putin could be toppled 'like the tsar', warns Russian ultranationalist Igor Strelkov France says will propose UN Security Council draft on Israel A fossil site in the Canadian Rockies that provides a wondrous peek into life on Earth more than half a billion years ago has offered up the remains of an intriguing sea creature, a foureyed arthropod predator that wielded a pair of spiky claws. A Quebec's student protester lost an eye, claiming that he was struck by a rubber bullet fired by police in May 2012. He is now suing the force for $250,000 in damages. 76 people accounted for 41% of all individual and corporate donations made to the political parties and other political causes in Britain over the past five years Thousands in Germany protest against TTIP | Thousands of people marched in Berlin, Munich and other German cities in protest against planned free trade deal between Europe and the United States that they fear will erode food, labor and environmental standards Canada charges four British Navy sailors over 'gang rape' Ban on small screaming children by Canadian restaurant stokes outrage and support; barrage of hate and threats forces restaurant to reverse the policy and plea for forgiveness. Vaccination crackdown Australia announces end to religious exemptions Poland will summon the United States' ambassador in Warsaw over an article written by a top U.S. intelligence official on Poland's alleged responsibility for the Holocaust during World War Two, a foreign ministry spokesman said Canadians rally nationwide against Bill C51; antiterror bill up for final vote soon. Hundreds of people are feared to have drowned after a boat carrying up to 700 migrants capsized in the Mediterranean Sea Norway to switch off FM radio in 2017 Mexicos Supreme Court says laws prohibiting samesex marriage are discriminatory Isis in new video Shows Libyan Militants Executing 16 Ethiopian Coptic Christians The world's most polluted city, New Dehli; with air pollution as India's second biggest killer. Canadian govt 'Strong Proud Free' slogan can't be explained because it's a secret; 149page proposal labelled 'advice to Cabinet,' won't be revealed for two decades China cracks down on Sport of Millionaires closing golf courses nationwide New evidence has shown that early Britons ate each other's remains and drank from skulls 700 migrants feared dead in Mediterranean shipwreck | World news Canadian antiterror Bill C51 opposition tweeted by celebrated author Margaret Atwood Russian Archeologists Unearth 'White Walls' of Ancient Memphis Margaret Atwood & Sarah harmertwo prominent Canadians speak out against Bill C51 dubbed the 'Canadian Patriot Act' New Zealand Plotted Hack on China With NSA Chemical Weapons Used by Saudi Arabia in Yemen Kill Scores of Civilians Poland to demand apology after FBI chief accused country of Holocaust role World's top Holocaust deniers... filmed at secret race hate rally where Jews are referred to as the 'enemy' Germanwings Crash Exposes Industry Denial on Pilot Suicide 'Isis' among names removed from UN list of hurricane names French tourists fined after being found guilty of setting world's happiest animal quokka on fire Game Hunter Ian Gibson Trampled To Death By Elephant Vaccination now mandatory for all children in Serbia Japanese population falls to 15year low. The number of people aged 65 or over ... now outnumber those aged 14 or younger by two to one. Obama says no greater threat to planet than climate change Scotland sees 80% drop in plastic bag usage and &gt;1m raised for charities since introduction of 5p charge 6 months ago The Gulf Oil Spill You Never Heard About May Be the Largest Ever The AP charges that Taylor Energy Company 'has downplayed the leak's extent and environmental impact' Norway approves mine's controversial plan to dump waste into fjord  Activists promise protests after govt green lights plan for mineral mine to dump millions of tons of tailings at spawning grounds for cod & salmon Egypt strikes Islamic texts from schools, angering Salafists Japans Maglev Train Hits World Record 366 Miles Per Hour (590 KPH) Sixteen EU states have said products made by Israeli settlers should be marked in shops so that European consumers can decide whether to boycott them Russian opposition parties form antiPutin alliance The leader of Hezbollah, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, launched his harshest criticism yet of Saudi Arabia on Friday lashing out at Saudi Arabia's strict ultraconservative Wahhabi brand of Sunni Islam, which has been adopted as the ideology of militant groups such as alQaida and the Islamic State. Last month was the hottest March worldwide since record keeping began in 1880, and the first three months of 2015 also set a new heat record, US government scientists said Friday. Cuba's love for Obama swells as diplomatic relations with America normalizes A Ukrainian nationalist group has said it was behind the deaths of two public figures in Kiev earlier this week. Four companies and five people have been charged with illegally exporting hightech microelectronics, uninterruptible power supplies and other products to Iran through Taiwan and Turkey A UK Green Party parliamentary candidate is facing a backlash after reportedly calling Israel a racist and apartheid state. Protesters vow to fight Spain's controversial 'gag laws' | Activists in Spain are drumming up support to fight a series of controversial laws aimed at curbing protests in the country. The UN and human rights groups say the laws violate fundamental rights and freedoms. [Graphic] Horrifying Videos Shown at UN Display Carnage of Suspected Chlorine Attacks in Syria Chimps in Senegal found to fashion spears for hunting HBO Now cuts off paying subscribers in Australia using geounlocking Indian Companies Turn Against Facebooks Scheme for Broader Internet Access Zuckerbergs plan to make Internet access more widely available faces a public backlash in India Russian president Putin says he is ready to work with United States 'Where are Aborigines, where are Redskins,' Turkish PM asks West France wants to fight terrorism by spying on everyone  Prime minister says proposed surveillance law 'is not a French Patriot Act,' but civil liberties groups say it goes too far Italian police Migrants threw Christians overboard | Muslims who were among migrants trying to get from Libya to Italy in a boat this week threw 12 fellow passengers overboard  killing them  because the 12 were Christians, Italian police said Thursday. Islamic State's Pakistan chief killed while planting bomb UK Lord, Janner, will not be charged despite evidence of child abuse US troops arrive in Ukraine for training exercises Swedish robot that bought MDMA, passport and baseball cap is released by police New York University's own investigator has discovered that approximately 10,000 mostly foreign workers who built NYU's Abu Dhabi campus lacked the labor protections NYU had stipulated and many workers, had their passports confiscated and held by their employers Abbott govt gives $4m to help climate contrarian set up Australian center  Bjrn Lomborg given money to set up a consensus center. Says climate change is not a toppriority problem & is overstated, that subsidies for renewable energy make no sense. Israeli Supreme Court rules Israel can confiscate Palestinian property in Jerusalem WikiLeaks republishes all documents from Sony hacking scandal | Julian Assange says data belongs in the public domain and says hacked files shed light on extent of cooperation between government and Hollywood Sony execs lobbied Netflix to stop VPN users Footage of Syrian gas attack deaths brings UN Security council to tears Not enough is being done to protect Christians in Middle East  Putin Gibraltar If Britain Leaves the EU, We Will Stay in it Izzat alDouri, a member of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and a key aide of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein has been killed Earthworms rain from sky over Norway Iranian mullahs call for emancipation of Mecca and Medina from Saudi Arabia. Hamas official calls to abduct Israelis, swap for Palestinians Russian police raid offices of Putin critic Khodorkovsky A Saudi citizen was executed Wednesday for drug trafficking. He was the 61st person executed in the kingdom so far this year. China's Defense Ministry complained on Friday that Japanese surveillance activities threatened the safety of Chinese ships and aircraft US Sends Mysterious 150 Tons of 'Diplomatic Mail' to Embassy in Kyrgyzstan Shops set ablaze, looted as xenophobic attacks spread in South Africa EU looks at mandatory breathalyzer fittings for all cars. Assyrian genocide memorial in Bonnyrigg Australia vandalised Japan overtakes China as top holder of US Treasury Debt Ousted Ukraine president's ally found shot dead in Kiev home | Oleg Kalashnikov was a member of Viktor Yanukovychs parliament; Six Yanukovychera government officials have died over last two months Ukrainian journalist Oles Buzina, a vocal critic of current Ukrainian govt, was murdered in Kiev. A book on Islamophobia written by late Charlie Hebdo editor Charb, completed two days before he was killed in an attack on the weekly's Paris offices on January 7, is to be published on Thursday BP dropped green energy projects worth billions to focus on fossil fuels European Parliament passes bill urging Turkey to acknowledge the atrocities committed against Armenians bewteen 19151917 as a Genocide A 250yearold leather dildo has been discovered by archaeologists in an ancient toilet in Poland. Czech proclaims new sovereign state between Serbia and Croatia on 7 sq kms of nomans land which was not claimed by either nation Malawi leader signs bill raising marriage age to 18 World Bank breaks its own rules as 3.4 million people are forced off their land Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu blamed the United States and its allies for the conflict in Ukraine, saying their drive to bring Kiev closer to the West was a threat to Moscow and had forced it to react. Japan scrambles fighters at nearunprecedented levels in response to foreign aircraft  mainly Russian and Chinese  approaching its airspace. Former IMF chief under investigation for money laundering Mexico Issues Alert In 5 States Over Stolen Radioactive Material Iridium192 Israel joins Chinese infrastructure bank despite US opposition. Municipalities across Canada drop public prayers the day after Canadian Supreme Court unanimously strikes down public prayer in Quebec ruling. The king of Spain receives a Game of Thrones DVD set as present from antimonarchical politician French government is currently passing a bill of global surveillance on internet. Greece in talks with Russia to buy missiles for S300 Iran ready to cooperate with Russia, China, and India to oppose NATO expansion eastwards, says Iranian defense minister Hossein Dehghan Ukrainian parliament recognizes militia that collaborated with Nazis  Diaspora France Stands Firm Over Gay Ambassador to Vatican Ukraine Security Chief Blasted for Targeting Jews Pope Francis Gender theory is the problem, not the solution South African mobs with machetes target foreigners  CNN.com Obama Removes Cuba From State Sponsor of Terror List Iran leader We are in talks with the major powers, not the U.S. Congress. After 5 billion km journey New Horizons probe sights Pluto and moon, captures the first colour image of distant dwarf planet. Lobbyists threaten European democracy, antigraft body says Lack of control over lobbyists threatens to undermine European democracies, the anticorruption pressure group Transparency International said on Wednesday, as it called for tight new regulation. Drone delivering asparagus to Dutch restaurant crashes and bursts into flames Seoul to adopt urban agriculture by introducing vertical farms Egypt Gay foreigners can be banned from entry or deported Turkish President Erdogan says any decision by EU Parliament on the Armenian killings in 1915 will go in one ear and out the other ear. Israel May Send Arms to Ukraine if Russia Delivers S300 to Iran Chinese islandbuilding in the South China Sea is causing irreversible and widespread damage to biodiversity and ecological balance, according to the Philippines; Manila accused China of disregarding the people who rely on the sea by destroying coral reefs to create new islands. Fearful immigrants shut Johannesburg shops as antiforeigner violence rages | Immigrants in downtown Johannesburg, South Africa's biggest commercial city, shut their shops as a wave of antiforeigner violence that has killed four people near the city of Durban threatened to spread, police said Saudi Arabia Beheads Indonesian Domestic Help who Killed 'Abusive Employer' Centuries of Italian history are unearthed in quest to fix a toilet Japan  first images released from inside a melted reactor at Fukushima nuclear plant. SpaceX fails in third attempt to land reusable Falcon 9 rocket on barge  Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival, tweets Elon Musk, CEO of the private space company, minutes after liftoff from Cape Canaveral, Florida Prime Minister Modi says India must lead on climate change. Modi was an early advocate of solar technology, and his government has pledged to increase its solargenerated capacity to 100 gigawatts and its wind capacity to 60 gigawatts by 2022. Swiss Banks are Trying to StrongArm American Clients into Divulging Offshore Wealth to Avoid Massive Fines Germany assures Estonia of NATO backing | Russia's annexation of Crimea has worried former Soviet satellite states. In a show of solidarity, Germany's defense minister has travelled to Baltic nations to pledge support. Condom of the future? Scientists developing latex replacement that selflubricates, delivers Viagra and feels better than nothing at all  BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Russia tells Sweden that hunting for its submarines is a mindless waste of Swedish taxpayer money EU Files Antitrust Charges Against Google 400 migrants dead in shipwreck off Libya 'Marking bias boosts girls' maths in French schools' Facebook chat privacy and scans CIAbacked company might spy on chats 34million hoard of silver coins sent to the bottom of the sea by the Nazis is discovered aboard sunken steamboat at a record depth of 17,000ft by British treasure hunters A federal judge in Washington handed down a life sentence to the first of four Blackwater Worldwide guards to be sentenced in the 2007 shooting that killed 14 unarmed Iraqis and injured others in a Baghdad traffic circle. South Korean businessman commits suicide leaving behind a list of supposed brides he has paid to politicians. List includes current Prime Minister and two former Chiefs of Staff. Liquid Medical Marijuana Shows Promise Against Severe Epilepsy World's first cloned camel becomes six years old and pregnant Supreme Court of Canada declares Canadian legislation requiring mandatory minimum sentences for gun crimes is unconstitutional. London gay cure event cancelled after thousands complain Israel among the least religious countries in the world Tumbling interest rates in Europe leaves some banks OWING money on loans to borrowers A former Blackwater guard has been sentenced to life in prison and three others to 30 years over the killing of 14 Iraqi civilians in 2007. Nicholas Slatten and three others were convicted last year for the killings in Baghdad's crowded Nisoor Square. Israel thwarts Hamas shooting attack plan Report Greece is getting ready to default Panel deems Japanese Antarctic whaling plan unconvincing; lacks a convincing explanation of why it needs to kill the mammals. A Demand For Net Neutrality Roils India, Campaign Reaches Crescendo 400,000 emails in the past three days asking to safeguard internet neutrality have been sent to the countrys telecom regulator (TRAI), which is currently being bombarded at the rate of 10,000 mails per minute German Chancellor Angela Merkel urges unified approach to removal of sanctions against Iran Kerry thanks Russia for its assistance in evacuating Americas from Yemen Radiation at Fukushima reactor measured high enough to kill a person within one hour Chile's President Michelle Bachelet Signs SameSex Civil Union Law, starting in 6 months SameSex couples will be able to inherit each other's property, join a partner's health plan, and receive pension benefits A draconian cybercrime law is on the cards in Pakistan that can see internet users imprisoned and fined for sharing information that the government deems inappropriate, vulgar, or against the glory of Islam Scrap fossil fuel subsidies now and bring in carbon tax, says World Bank chief Turkish President Erdoan warns Pope Francis not to repeat mistake about Armenian claims An IDF soldier from a West Bank settlement was indicted Monday for espionage, and is accused of passing information of future IDF actions to farright settlers. Serious flaw found in nuclear plant under construction in France Stung by Popes Remarks on Armenian Genocide, Turkish Minister Insults Argentina UK opposes international ban on developing 'killer robots' Turkish hackers hit the Vaticans website after Pope Francis referred to the mass killings of Armenians by Turks as a genocide IKEA Will Produce & Ship 10,000 FlatPack Emergency Shelters Around the World Russia has started supplying grains, equipment and construction materials to Iran in exchange for crude oil under a barter deal, worth up to $20 billion UK ranked among least religious countries in world Nasa's Curiosity rover finds water below surface of Mars China ranked least religious country in world at 7% (who consider themselves) religious and 61% convinced atheist, Thailand ranked first as most religious country at 94% In a Canadian first, mental health workers accompany police on emergency calls. Obama meets Raul Castro in high level USCuba talks  The Cold War is over ... Cuba is not a threat to the United States, Obama later told reporters, pointing out that at 53, he wasnt even born when Castro and his brother Fidel seized power in the 1959 Cuban revolution Some backpackers in Aus tried to set a quokka on fire. The NSA wants tech companies to give it 'front door' access to encrypted data Exclusive Isis Sniper Guns Down 13YearOld Girl Fleeing Yarmouk Camp Russian navy ship evacuated 308 people of various nationalities from wartorn Yemen  including Americans Iran suspends Umrah Hajj pilgrimage after Saudi officials Sexually Assault two teen girls The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that women should give birth by Cesarean section only if it is an absolute medical necessity. Russia detects spy satellites disguised as space junk, commander says | The Japan Times Saudi Arabia lawyers deny kingdom helped 9/11 hijackers Polish Prince challenges UKIP's Nigel Farage to swordfight over Farage's views on immigraton Oldest DNA taken from Neanderthal who fell into well Indians rally for Internet freedom, send over 1 lakh emails to TRAI for net neutrality Mandarin to be introduced in South African schools RT Putin lifts ban on delivery of advanced S300 antiair missile systems to Iran China is keeping the door open for the U.S. to join its new development bank anytime, after the Obama administration failed to persuade most allies to snub the lender. Chess Grandmaster Used Phone In Toilet To Cheat Beijing to limit Hong Kong visits by mainland Chinese China's reclamation work in the South China Sea had destroyed about 300 acres (1.2 sq km) of coral reef, causing annual estimated losses of US$100 million (S$ 1.36 million) to coastal nations. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah alSisi declared Sunday that anyone convicted of digging tunnels into Gaza from Sinai or of assisting in such activity would face a death sentence, according to a report on Israel's Channel 1 TV. In a world first, Australia introduces 'no jab, no pay' policy. Those families who don't immunise will lose welfare benefits Russia has refused to hand over to Poland the wreckage of a Polish government airliner five years after it crashed in western Russia killing Polands president, Lech Kaczynski, his wife Maria and dozens of the countrys political, military and civil elite Turkey anger at Pope Francis Armenian 'genocide' claim. Turkey has summoned the Vatican ambassador after Pope Francis used the word genocide. Fukushima Robot Dies Three Hours After Entering Radioactive Reactor Vessel Pope Calls Armenian Slaughter '1st Genocide of 20th Century' Islamic militants attack South Korean embassy in Libya Raul Castro Says Cuba Blockade Not Obama's Fault  I apologize to him ...  In my opinion, President Obama is an honest man, Castro said Russia Apprehensive as Sweden and Finland Move Closer to NATO Bangladesh hangs top Islamist leader  oversaw a massacre during the nation's 1971 independence war against Pakistan Pope Francis rejects gay French envoy Laurent Stefanini to Vatican IS Turns Ancient Assyrian City Of Nimrud Into Dust Nun Sets Herself on Fire to Protest Chinese Rule in Tibet Two French tourists charged after allegedly burning a quokka Russian Media Made Up Story About Child Killed in Ukraine, Says BBC Russian navy evacuates over 300 from Yemen After deploying 3,000 troops and spending hundreds of millions of dollars, only 28 Ebola patients have been treated at the 11 centers built by the American military in Liberia 46 Ukrainian banks declare insolvencyDozens of Ukrainian banks have reportedly gone bankrupt over the course of one year. More than 100 hand grenades and around a dozen automatic weapons on their way to Stockholm were confiscated on Friday when Bosnian police swooped down in on a weapons ring that had been on law enforcements radar since last year. German foreign minister rejects calls to invite Putin to G7 talks South African Author ZP Dala Reportedly Taken to Mental Institution After Refusing to Renounce Salman Rushdie Comments Raul Castro The United States owes a historic debt to Cuba Saudi border guards killed in mortar attack Canada's biggest uranium producer Cameco to supply Nuclear Fuel to India ISIS fighters blindfold gay man and stone him to death. Coast Guard, Ottawa defend Vancouver fuel spill response  7 hrs after toxic fuel leak on English Bay was 1st reported, a boom was set up around the affected vessel  a response the citys mayor & B.C. Premier call inadequate, although the Coast Guard says it was exceptional. Australian government set to announce anti vaccination parents will lose social benefits. Whale & dolphin meat sold by Yahoo! Japan 'exceeds safe mercury limits'  Samples tested by Environmental Investigation Agency contained mercury levels up to 47 times higher than recommended safe level Irish company turns antigay pamphlets into confetti for LGBT weddings; 'Shred of Decency' campaign sells confetti made from '100% recycled lies' Cops in Malawi ordered to shoot anyone attacking albinos, who are prized for their limbs as good luck charms. India's rich temples may open gold vaults for PM Modi  Treasure of gold worth an estimated $20 billion was discovered in secret subterranean vaults in the Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple in Kerala state Obama and Castro shake hands as U.S. and Cuba seek better ties. Peru Turns to Ancient Aqueducts to Prevent DroughtsOne of the worlds driest cities is attempting to solve its water problems by reviving its ancient network of waterways Pink Rikshaw launched as a womenonly transportation service in Pakistan, where the country is notorious for sexual abuse of women Obama says days of meddling in Latin America are past Kasparov Vladimir Putin's Russia a virus that must be contained In British election, nationalists may seize nearly all Scottish seats | A forecast showed Scottish nationalists could take nearly all the parliamentary seats in Scotland in the British election on May 7, potentially giving a party that wants to leave the UK huge influence at the heart of power. Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to death Russia's ruble is having a 'miracle' surge. The ruble has been on fire, gaining over 20% against the dollar and 35% against the euro in the last three months. The currency is among the best performing this year, after being the worst performer of 2014. Office of Naval Intelligence Reveals Massive Chinese Naval Buildup China has deployed a new highspeed antiship cruise missile and is sharply expanding an armada of advanced guidedmissile warships and submarines NASA scientists name asteroid after Malala Yousafzai UAE warns Pakistan of heavy price for ambiguous stand on Yemen Ecuadorean president Rafael Correa tweets Heil Hitler! Germany to bring 100 mothballed tanks back into service Russia Wasting Millions of Tonnes of Oil From Leaking Pipes Gay orgies and 'murder' scandals engulf Vatican Defying a government ban, hundreds of Iranians protested against Saudi Arabia on Saturday over the alleged abuse of two Iranian pilgrims visiting the Sunni kingdom Egyptian Court Sentences Muslim Brotherhood Leader to Death 'Jewish bookshop in Barcelona targeted for bombing by Islamists' No country should provide shelter to terrorists PM Modi on Lakhvi's release First Hologram Protest in History Held Against Spain's Gag Law The biggest extinction event in planetary history was driven by the rapid acidification of our oceans, a new study concludes. So much carbon was released into the atmosphere, and the oceans absorbed so much of it so quickly, that marine life simply died off, from the bottom of the food chain up. Energy and climate change minister accepts 18,000 from climate sceptic. It says something that we have an energy and climate change minster who hates wind, loves fracking, and accepts large sums of cash from a central figure in a climate sceptic lobby group, Greenpeace director John Sauven said. Vancouver has become the latest city to commit to running on 100% renewable energy. The city of 600,000 on Canadas west coast aims to use only green energy sources for electricity, and also for heating and cooling and transportation. Nordic nations agree on defense cooperation against Russia North Korea to Mexico Give us back our ship  Mexico says it's within its rights to keep it. N Korea vows to retake it. Nazi chants at Dutch soccer game Hamas, Hamas, Jews to the gas...My father was in the commandos, my mother was in the SS, together they burned Jews, because Jews burn the best! The most extensive genetic analysis of mountain gorillas ever conducted has found the critically endangered apes burdened with severe inbreeding and at risk of extinction. Amsterdam prostitutes protest closure of 'window' brothels Ukrainian KGB archives will be opened and information declassified Ukraine bans public display of Soviet symbols Pakistani authorities have freed the alleged mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai attacks on bail, sources said Friday, a move likely to further strain ties with India American Airlines Will No Longer Ship Shark Fins Kosher Copenhagen deli targeted in antiSemitic attack. Vandals smash window, scrawl Jewish pigs on wall; police say they will give extra focus to incident Japanese admit conducting wartime vivisection on captured Americans at Kyushu Imperial University NASA Names Asteroid After Malala Yousafzai Facebook admits it tracks nonusers, but denies claims it breaches EU privacy law | Social network claims privacy report commissioned by the Belgian privacy watchdog gets it wrong multiple times over what Facebook does with user data Canadian woman defends officer charged for killing her abductor Obama hints at Cuba breakthrough as he flies south for Ral Castro meeting Havana expected to be dropped from list of state sponsors of terrorism, while John Kerry and Cuban counterpart sit down for highestlevel talks in decades An Austrian man, along with 25,000 fellow plaintiffs, has sued Facebook for privacy breaches. He has criticized the lackadaisical approached US tech companies have towards European law Obama concerned China uses size to bully others in region Where we get concerned with China is where it is not necessarily abiding by international norms and rules and is using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions, Leaked TPP investment chapter shows risks to Australias health Plane finishes 6000km flight after lightning strike leaves hole in it. Kevin Crull, Canadian Bell Media president, replaced after attempting to interfere in journalism at Bellowned CTV This week, 30yearold Russian man, Valery Spiridonov, announced that he will become the subject of the first human head transplant ever performed, saying he volunteers to have his head removed and installed on another persons body. The Company Formerly Known as Blackwater Is Training Canadian Soldiers. b'Another site showing pictures of protesters for Identification by the Basij! Help bring it down!' b'Israel Sells Palestinian homes That Were Held In Trust' b'This Site is posting photos of opposition figures (protestors) in Iran, asking people to turn in information about them. What can we do about this, Reddit?' b'At 1am on June 19, police and funeral cars arrived at the hotel, wanting to take the body away. 2,000 Shishou residents blocked the hotel entrance to protect Xu's corpse. ' b'Suck on Our Yachts Goldman Sachs Issues NonApology for Destroying the World Economy Goldman Sachs chief Lloyd Blankfein says he's sorry, then proceeds to brag about screwing us all. ' Iran's Guardian Council, a top review panel with responsibility for overseeing the June 12 presidential election, said it had uncovered some irregularities in the polls, finding the number of votes in 50 districts exceeded the number of voters. b'Bahrain has ordered the closure of a prominent newspaper after it printed an article critical of political leaders in its powerful Gulf neighbour Iran.' b'US Drug War Money Funded Peru Indigenous Massacre' b' The number of trucks entering the Gaza Strip is very close to the absolute minimum required for basic sustenance, as determined by the IDF itself.' b'Iran Admits Discrepancies in 3 Million Votes' A U.N. court trying masterminds of Rwanda's 1994 genocide Monday gave a 30year jail sentence to a former interior minister accused of tricking thousands of people to hide on a hill before they were killed.  b'Iranians can draw on a rich culture of resistance to authority, going back to the countrys first experiments with constitutional rule, a hundred years ago.' b'Iran asks BBC reporter to leave ' b'French President Nicolas Sarkozy has spoken out strongly against the wearing of the burka by Muslim women in France' b'The president of the southern Russian republic of Ingushetia has survived an assassination attempt' Iranian forces ready to clear country of 'hooligans' b'Iranian leaders will always believe AngloSaxons are plotting against them  Christopher Hitchens' b'The war of gold against humanity. Many of the evils of the world are still the result of the greed of a few' b'Modern Iranian Culture for Dummies' b'Want to see which countries are pulling their weight for humanity? Rank them by their Nobel Laureates per capita.' b'Split deepens between Iranian reformist and conservative clerics' b'Greenland assumes selfrule' b'Researchers compared official Iranian election results with those from the 2005 election, and say that what they found raises questions, a euphemism for makes no sense.' b'Increasingly casual use of blinding lasers by US forces is proving dangerous to its own troops, as well as innocent foreign civilians under their occupation.' b'Israel speaks out in favor of Iranian people...interesting' b'The silent rebellion begins 2 women refuse full body scanning at Manchester and give up their flight to retain their right to privacy.' Disturbing story of Falluja's birth defects b'Wow... Amazing pics of Colorful India..' b'Chinas Humanflesh search engines  a form of online vigilante justice in which Internet users hunt down and punish people who have attracted their wrath.' b'How 12yearold girl saved her Chilean island from catastrophe' b'Dutch antiIslam leader Geert Wilders is major winner in local elections' b'Can I refuse an electronic strip search at an airport without being detained?' b'Divorced Before Puberty... wtf? ' b'A Saudi woman who filed harassment claims in Saudi Arabia without being accompanied by a male relative has been sentenced to 300 lashes and 18 months in jail.' b'What it means to go to Ben Gurion airport with an Arab friend' b'Earthquake (6.4) hits Taiwan this time' b'North Korean man executed for making cell phone call' Six years ago, there were claims that the U.S. used white phosphorous and depleted uranium in Fallujah.  Today, there's a disturbingly large number of cases of birth defects there. Birth defects 'have risen since US Falluja operation' b'A US congressional panel has described the killing of Armenians by Turkish forces during World War I as genocide, despite White House objections.' b'Bishop asks parishioners for cash to help to pay abuse claims' b'I always felt bad for thinking this was a scam, but it looks like I was right Millions of Ethiopian famine aid was used to buy weapons ' b'Backlash from Simon Singh libel case puts chiropractors on ropes One in four chiropractors in Britain are under investigation as a result of campaign by Singh supporters' b'US panel Armenia killings genocide' Iceland's economic and political future hangs in the balance as it heads towards a referendum on how to compensate Britain and the Netherlands for money lost in the collapse of an Icelandic bank. b'Shades of Watts Italy has been hit by a new outbreak of race riots after an Egyptian man was stabbed to death in Milan. ' Armenia killings called 'genocide' nHouse panel angers Turkey, Obama by calling 1915 killings 'genocide.' b'Like the harvesting organs scandal Israel will keep denying this until someone from the Government comes clean in the next 10 years, then they will say it was a practice they stopped 10 years ago' b'Mexico City sees gay marriage law' First Australia didn't like video games.  Now, it doesn't like real games.  How far is this going to go? The Titanic disaster meant a life of shame for its CEO. Not so BP's Tony Hayward  
'Moving on' from the Gulf of Mexico catastrophe, he's now set to make millions from a Kurdistan oil deal I found it peculiar that, even though the Americans have significantly worse fundamental data than the euro zone, that they tell us what we should do, said Maria Fekter, finance minister of Austria. I had expected that, when he [Mr. Geithner] tells us how he sees the world, that he would listen A 39yrold father has been arrested on murder charge for apparently knifing one of two burglars who broke into his home Norway FM We will recognize Palestinian state  In Chile, a 23yearold woman has been leading student protests against the government. Her actions pose a serious challenge to the government and may lead to a significant overhaul of the country's education system. First Results  Pirate Party 8.5% in Berlin state elections Matt Taibbi The $2 Billion UBS Incident  'There is much handwringing in the financial press as the UBS incident has reminded the whole world that all of the banks were almost certainly lying their asses off over the last three years, when they all pledged to pull back from risky prop trading.' Tony Blair made secret visits to Muammar Gaddafi Turkey We don't need U.S. mediation to end crisis with Israel Australia Recognizes Third Gender on Passports Berlusconi wiretaps reveal boast of spending night with eight women.Conversations show that Italian PM resented meetings with the Pope and world leaders interfering with his partying 6.8 earthquake hits NorthEast India at around 1240 GMT; No reports of casualties or damages yet. Siemens to quit nuclear industry. Netanyahu tells weekly cabinet meeting that he's not worried about General Assembly It is possible to pass any resolution there; says he's convinced US veto will ensure bid stops in Security Council. Egypt and Israel  Feeling the heat of isolation  Egyptians relish Israels growing discomfiture in the region. But they do not want another war Germany has called for the eurozone to go it alone if necessary and implement a financial tax despite opposition from the US and UK. EU finance ministers, meanwhile, called for European banks to be strengthened.  London Symphony Orchestra suspends four musicians who signed a letter opposing Israeli musicians' concert in London.  Caving to the Kremlin  Alexander Litvinenko died a horrible, painful death in London five years ago. The suspect, whom Britain wants to extradite, sits in Moscow. But is the British prime minister giving up the chase in favour of business and trade? Indonesian women stage skirt protest over rape remarks Chinese villagers vent fury outside solar plant Hundreds of Chinese villagers have spent three days camped in protest outside a solar panel plant, accusing it of dumping toxic waste into a river. Nick Clegg's Liberal Democrats vowed to fight ruthless and extreme forces in the Tory party to protect the British people from rightwing policies that would widen inequality and benefit the rich Gay British Muslims seek marriage  Experts Possibility of evacuating parts of Tokyo can no longer be ignored  Fukushima worse than Chernobyl  Bahrain Boils Under The Lid Of Repression  
The inconvenient Arab uprising. For the US, at least, which keeps its Fifth Fleet in the island Gulf state and has been conspicuously quiet about brutal suppression of antigovernment protests Pakistan may block Google, Youtube to deny terrorists communication source First projections see German Pirate Party at 8,5 % in Berlin state elections Pirate Party enters Berlin parliament after historical election win With an estimated 9% of the total vote they exceeded the 5% floor needed to enter the Berlin parliament; they will get 15 seats An American Idol style show in China was canceled because the voting process was viewed as too representative of Western Democracy Britain's junior partner in government calls for criminal penalties for personal possession to be scrapped, introduction of regulated market in cannabis China's State Run Newspaper If the US chooses to fly in the face of world opinion and block the Palestine UN bid next week, not only will Israel become more isolated but tensions in the region will be heightened even more.  IKEA founder pledges to double charitable spending following revelations that at the age of 17 he had been an active recruiter and a registered member of the Svensk Socialistisk Samling (SSS), the successor to the Swedish Nazi party. 

 Saudi Arabia sued over 9/11 attacks OPEC Plows Billions in Profits into Quieting Arab Masses  Saudi Arabia spends $43 billion on poorer citizens & religious institutions. Kuwaitis gets free food for a year. Algerian civil servants receive 34% pay rise. Desert cities in United Arab Emirates to get uninterrupted electricity.  Mideast riddle Strange stone structures caught on camera. They stretch from Syria to Saudi Arabia, can be seen from the air but not the ground, and are virtually unknown to the public The navigator of the Tu134 plane that crashed in June 2011 in northern Russia killing 47 people was drunk Police in Brazil say they have arrested two men suspected in the killings of two Amazon activists earlier this year. Big energy & mining groups 'hide accounts using secrecy jurisdictions'  
Report claims resourcerich countries are losing out because data from Shell, BP, & Glencore subsidiaries are unavailable US and European negotiators have urged Israel to refrain from taking punitive measures against the Palestinians if they press ahead with their bid to win recognition of a home state at the United Nations.  Chinese villagers accuse police of suppressing solar panel factory protest  
Riot police disperse protesters accusing firm of dumping toxic waste in Haining Over 5000 killed in Syria A new report more than doubles the death toll in Syria, rights groups launch charter for the recording of civilian casualties in conflict. Israeli PM says Palestine UN bid 'will fail'. Netanyahu tells cabinet meeting PLO attempt to become full UN member cannot succeed, saying talks are the only solution.  Sweden hit by 'substantial' oil spill  China and India Making Inroads in Biotech Drugs Chinese and Indian drug makers have taken over much of the global trade in medicines and now manufacture more than 80 percent of the active ingredients in drugs sold worldwide. Archeologists unearth evidence of zombie scare in medieval Ireland Italy seeks Chinese bailout Beijings role highlights the speed of U.S. decline and rise of BRICs Protesters storm elite military base in Yemen The end of an era in Iran  This year, we have elections at the end of the year ... everyone should be vigilant and attentive in order to guard the elections as a gift of God.  In Arab world, support for UN gambit close to unanimous  Poll shows 8 of 10 Palestinians support unilateral statehood declaration. Turkey threatened on Monday to give naval escorts to Turkish exploration vessels off Cyprus unless the Greek Cypriot government halted plans for a U.S. oil company to start drilling for natural gas.  Yemen protesters storm elite military base; 50 die
 Vladimir Putin Action Man [pics] Sexabuse victims urge the International Criminal Court to prosecute Pope Benedict XVI for crimes against humanity Philip Murphy, the US ambassador to Germany, has written an open letter admonishing German jerks for racially abusing a black member of his staff in Berlin recently. The jobless young Left behind  The harm todays youth unemployment is doing will be felt for decades, both by those affected and by society at large | The Economist In India A Hindu Woman set on fire for giving birth to girl China Cracks Down on Gutter Oil, a Substance Even Worse Than its Name
 The good news Court exonerates wrongly convicted man of rape and murder charges. The bad news he was executed 14 years ago. Israel's naval blockade of the Gaza Strip violates international law, a panel of human rights experts reporting to a U.N. body said on Tuesday, disputing a conclusion reached by a separate U.N. probe into Israel's raid on a Gazabound aid ship. Internet troll jailed after mocking deaths of teenagers News Corp shareholders file new claims Israel to forcibly evict Bedouins from West Bank Peru declares state of emergency in Amazon 
    U.N. experts say Israel's blockade of Gaza illegal
| World
| Reuters

 Desperate Guatemalans Embrace an Iron Fist 'That is how desperate this country has become as gangs and Mexican drug cartels run feverwild, capturing territory and corrupting institutions so that Guatemala will remain a safe haven for cocaine, guns, money laundering and new recruits.' EU declares end to environmentally harmful subsidies Record numbers of golden eagles poisoned in Scotland in 2010 African women say rebels raped them in Libyan camp Drugresistant TB spreading fast in Europe
 Credit rating agency Moody's has downgraded two French banks because of their exposure to Greek debt Iran TV bans shirtless men and love triangles Banned Chinese writer Liao Yiwu escapes to America, speaks for first time In China, the biggest problem is brainwashing High Unemployment, yet Highly Skilled Workers in Short Supply | The Economist Netanyahu orders evacuation of Israel embassy in Jordan, fearing violent protests  Premier, FM Lieberman order diplomatic staff in Amman to return a day ahead of schedule over expected antiIsrael rallies.  Top EU officials warn that the EU itself could fall apart in the near future. Worlds biggest airport planned Iran blocks Tor; Tor releases sameday fix US tycoon Donald Trump's plea to Scotland's first minister over 'ugly' wind farm to be built near his luxury golf resort Berlusconi calls German Chancellor Merkel an unfuckable lardarse Dutch Doctors campaign against 'risky and painful' circumcision of boys  India to Give 6.8 million free Laptops to School children. Taliban and Nato engage in online flamewar on Twitter Driver refuses to let Australian Prime Minister on bus with other leaders, tells her to get on the spouses' bus instead Did anyone else miss the news that Egypt revived its emergency laws last week? Psychological Profile Of Anonymous Leadership  Leaked FBI document. Looks real. Anonymous a potential threat to national security. Leaders include Sabu, who shows compulsive behavior by correcting spelling on chat logs; Kayla, who claims to be a girl, but probably isn't Exposed After Eight Years  
More revelations on privacy breaches by UK media. Lead investigator from 2003 inquiry says authorities knew about vast scale of industry's illegal acts for past eight years. But they were too frightened to question journalists BBC News  New Australian passports allow third gender option Today Denmark got its first female prime minister. Helle ThorningShmidt! (article not quite updated) Egypt's Military rulers activate Mubaraks repressive media policies Rogue trader costs UBS $2bn

Shares in the Swiss bank dropped 10% after it reported the 'unauthorised trading' loss  which could push it into the red
 West Bank villagers' daily battle with Israel over water

AlAmniyr villagers in the West Bank face a catch22 if they obey the law they cannot collect water. But if they fail to water the land, they lose it anyway
 BBC News  China losing edge as lowcost manufacturer. Indonesia and Bangladesh are benefiting most as rising costs in China force firms to switch production Welsh miners trapped after colliery tunnel collapses 300ft underground China has called for major strategic concessions from Europe before agreeing to rescue the eurozone, chilling hopes for immediate purchases of Italian bonds.  Hungarian toxic chemical sludge spill firm fined  An aluminium producer in Hungary has been fined 472m euros ($646m) over a spillage of toxic sludge last year. Malaysia to scrap strict security laws Two controversial laws which allowed indefinite detention without trial will be abolished, prime minister says. Poland warns of war 'in 10 years' as EU leaders scramble to contain panic Syrian opposition unites in new council Syrian National Council of about 140 people to present united front against government following talks in Istanbul. Ahmadinejad's Impotence  

The paradox of today's Iran is that it is the ruling elites who have rendered the president politically irrelevant, not the protesters demonstrating in downtown Tehran. For many Iranians, this is a blessing and also a tragedy BBC News  UK taking legal action against European Central Bank The Eurozone Debt Crisis Is This A Banking Problem?  
 Europe has built a monetary union with an inherent flaw  the absence of a sovereign safety net, since the debts accumulated by member states have been incurred in a currency that none controls A glimpse of North Korea  The Big Picture It took three years, but the music industry has finally won. The Council of the European Union, where the various member state governments all have a say, voted without discussion to increase the copyright term in sound recordings from 50 to 70 years! Praying in Paris streets outlawed Phone hacking Met Police use Official Secrets Act to force Guardian to reveal sources Egypt Protesters Call for End to 'Emergency Law' AntiRoma Protests Turn Violent in the Czech Republic  For weeks there have been riots between Czech locals and newly settled Roma in northern Bohemia. What started as a series of brutal but isolated fights has grown into a popular movement in small towns along the eastern German border. There aren't many doctors in the village of Hari Ke Kalan, in the Punjab region of northern India. But for $1, residents can get an appointment in a health clinic with a physician appearing on a largescreen TV beamed in over broadband Internet Russian officials try to keep quiet the reporting of a toxic cloud in Chelyabinsk.   Chinese netizens angered by princelings  spoiled children of the rich and powerful A U.S. firm is planning a massive oil palm plantation in Cameroon. But critics argue that the project would destroy some of the key remaining forests in the West African nation and threaten speciesrich reserves Mexico Bodies of two people found hanging with sign warning websites from reporting on drugrelated violence The $2 Billion Swiss banking giant UBS Incident 'Rogue Trader' My Ass Drug cartels now extorting teachers in Acapulco WikiLeaks disclosures upset Mugabe  Cables from Harare embassy show even Mugabe's allies want him to go.
 China Consolidates Grip on Rare Earths By closing or nationalizing dozens of the producers of rare earth metals  which are used in energyefficient bulbs and many other greenenergy products  China temporarily shuts down most of the industry and crimping the global supply of the vital resources Swiss Catholic Church reveals scale of sex abuse by priests Bring back the cane to improve pupil discipline, say parents in UK Spain revives wealth tax to tackle debt  Spains Socialist govt has approved the reintroduction of a tax on the countrys wealthiest as part of efforts to tackle its budget deficit. The govt had scrapped a previous wealth tax in 2008.  Eight charged with supplying prostitutes to Berlusconi Pakistan companies ejected from London arms fair for 'promoting cluster bombs' Abbas lays out Palestine UN bid Vladimir Putin Berlusconi's Critics Are Just Jealous Of His Womanizing
 The situation seems to be worsening Bodies hanging from bridge in Mexico are warning to social media users  CNN.com S Korea holds North defector 'in poisonneedle plot' Prison doesn't achieve anything, says  UK Justice Secretary, speaking ahead of official figures, published yesterday, which showed that the prison population has hit another record high.  Women's sex strike ends fighting in Philippine villages The end of Israel as we know it Israel now finds itself isolated like no other time in the past 35 years.  Amazon pollution victims ask New York judge to award $8 billion in Chevron money & to oust judge who blocked their claim  
Ecuador's Secoya people, whose health was allegedly damaged by polluted water dumped by the oil giant, take fight to courts Famine Ravages Somalia in a World Less Likely to Intervene  Is the world about to watch 750,000 Somalis starve to death? Belgian Company Leads the Way In Landfill Mining  
seeks waste for recycling and energy generation, 
while reclaiming land Greek man sets himself on fire because bank will not refinance his mortgage.   In China, what you eat tells who you are  In a nation reeling from taintedfood scandals, organic products are mostly reserved for the rich and political elite. Chinese government officials have exclusive suppliers, who do not advertise. Catholic bishops criticize opposition plans to boycott pope Germany's political opposition plans to boycott a speech by the pope to parliament out of concern that it violates state neutrality. Catholic bishops, meanwhile, have criticized the move as unjustifiable. Appeals court cast doubt of the jurisdiction claimed by NY federal judge who prevented Ecuadorean natives from enforcing an $18.2B verdict against Chevron for dumping billions of gallons of toxic oil waste into Ecuador's water supply Is the world about to watch 750,000 Somalis starve to death?  Former Premier Of China Speaks  
Newly published speeches show Zhu Rongji to have been smart, forceful, sceptical when running China's economy a decade ago. His was the genius that kept the economy growing without overheating. Successors pale by comparison Military whistleblower tells of 'indiscriminate' Israeli attacks Israeli troops fired tear gas during a curfew in a West Bank village to stop peaceful demonstrations Social democrats oust the LiberalConservative 
government in Denmark Berlusconi is caught describing himself as prime minister in my spare time The Depressing Tale Of Johann Hari  
Theres a lot of media talk about Johann Hari, who admitted to stealing quotes from other journalists and passing them off as his own. And using a fake identity to attack journalists on Wikipedia.  Libya's rebels given seat on UN In Egypt protesters call for an end to the widely despised Emergency Law that allows civilians to be tried in state security courts and detained indefinitely Turkey may act with Iran against PKK in Iraq Wiretaps Berlusconi resented world leader meetings; enjoyed having sex with 8 girls a night much more. Putin speaks out in support. Tiny Burkina Faso Confronts Gadhafi's Enormous Legacy  
A window on former Libyan leader's influence in Africa. Probably a bumpy road ahead as Libya's new leadership reels in his extensive aid, investment and patronage networks across the continent Europe on Brink of 1930sStyle Economic Catastrophe Gordon Brown
 AntGaddaffi forces pushed back Finland's FM admitted last night's crisis meeting of European finance ministers was unlikely to resolve the dispute over her country's demand for collateral before extending loans to Greece  adding to fears over whether the eurozone will be able to get on top of its crippling debt woes. 
 Ethiopia Crackdown on Dissent Intensifies Moscow destroys central mosque Some longtime Muscovites, Muslim and not, were unconvinced, saying it was a historic monument that should have been preserved  EU Officially Seizes The Public Domain, Retroactively Extends Copyright 20 years France, Germany, Italy, Poland and Spain want to develop plan European Union military HQ Pakistan flooding disaster reaches epic proportions 2 million homeless  Arguably the biggest global story that is getting the least attention here in the west are the monsoon induced floods in Pakistan, India and Bangladesh. Pakistan is by far the hardest hit Ship carrying at least 600 sinks off Tanzanian coast; at least 45 dead and hundreds missing  680News Protesters in Egypt breach wall, enter Israeli Embassy A Follow Up On China's Most Famous Empty City UN Secretary General Palestinian statehood is 'long overdue'   Ban Kimoon says supports twostate solution for Middle East peace, adding that it was up to UN members whether or not to recognize an independent Palestinian state. Oil discovery in Cuba gets notice  The US is watching closely as Cuba prepares to exploit deepwater reserves.
 Cops under investigation for shooting civilians should be vague about how many times they fired their guns, a Canadian police lawyer recommends  Egyptians attack Israel embassy, ambassador said to flee


 Al Jazeera  Israel Pulls Envoy After Egypt Embassy Attack Israel facing 'diplomatic tsunami' with Arab neighbors North Korea's children starve as Kims lead anniversary rally Three dead, 1,049 injured in Israeli embassy protests in Cairo UK poppygrowing program kept hushhush 'Hundreds missing' in Zanzibar ferry disaster Palestinians forge ahead with UN statehood push. Are they ready? BBC News  Libya Concerns over missing weapons In Tripoli, forgiveness reigns for now Libya's National Transition Council in Tripoli is stressing reconciliation instead of revenge. But not all Libyans are convinced the goodwill will last. Former Pakistani President Gen Pervez Musharraf has said he is determined to return to Pakistan by March 2012, even if he is arrested.  The huge Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite (UARS) is expected to reenter Earth's atmosphere in an uncontrolled fall in late September or early October. Much of the spacecraft is expected to burn up during reentry, but some pieces are expected to make it intact to the ground  Sixth Egyptian soldier shot by Israel dies in hospital as a result of his injuries South Africa ANC Youth League president Julius Malema declares an economic war against the white minority BBC journalist 'mistakenly' shot dead by NATO troops in Afghanistan Israel asks U.S. to help protect embassy in Cairo after protesters attack building Egypts military has arrested 12,000 civilians & tried them by military tribunal, eclipsing Mubarak's 30 yr total Syrian soldiers executed for refusing to fire on protestorsdefectors increase, but no senior officers.  The Decade of 9/11 War Without End Chile the other 9/11 anniversary Israel approves plan to relocate 30,000 Bedouin from unrecognized villages Egyptian commandos save 6 Israelis in embassy attack With its Cairo embassy ransacked, its ambassador to Turkey expelled and the Palestinians seeking statehood recognition at the United Nations, Israel found itself on Saturday increasingly isolated. Shots fired from Egypt toward IDF vehicle on Israel border Taliban 'offered bin Laden trial before 9/11' 77 US troops wounded and 2 Afghans killed in attack on NATO outpost. Blast reportedly leaves 20foot hole in the wall. Mexican mother presses the case of her missing police officer son vanishing on his way to help police a violent town.
 Spanish warship rescues hostage from pirates Troops from a Spanish warship stormed a pirate skiff in the Gulf of Aden and rescued a French hostage missing from her yacht but found no trace of her husband, the EU antipiracy mission said. Gaddafi's son caught in Niger Greece on verge of default as doubt grows over 8bn bailout
 Arab Spring Over, Islamists, Generals and Old Regimes Battle for Power From Tunisia to Syria  Winter is coming  Libyans Find Mass Grave of Slain Detainees  TIME Germany's Euro question US tells Israel, Turkey to 'cool it' amid tensions (AP) Indian police have detained two people in connection with a bomb blast that killed 14 people outside a New Delhi court house last week Angry crowd attacks journalists reporting on embassy attack in Egypt Trying to lock away carbon dioxide in Iceland Egyptian Prime Minister Offers to Resign in Wake of Cairo Riots
 NATO military base in central Afghanistan attacked with significant injuries
     Muslim protesters burn US flag outside embassy in London Japan marks six months since disasters Ceremonies take place in Japan to commemorate six months since northeast coastline was devastated by quake and tsunami. Star of Spartacus blood and sand  dies aged 39 Egypt security forces raid Al Jazeera channel, arresting its staff
 The head of Britain's biggest union has urged a campaign of strikes and civil disobedience Taliban release statement on 10th anniversary of 9/11 attacks  categorically deny any involvement in 9/11 Lloyd's insurance says the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and its banks and charities, which sponsored al Qaeda, should pay the more than $215 million the insurer has spent on insurance settlements to families of the victims of 9/11 Pope marks 9/11 by warning that religion cannot justify violence Five arrested after police rescue 24 men kept as slaves on travellers' site BBC News  EU extends music copyright to 70 years Poisonous Rhinos Discourage Poachers 
      Turkish PM saw Gaza raid as grounds for war
with Israel | Reuters

 Parents say Indian hospital infected 23 kids with HIV
 More Than 60 People Have Burnt To Death After A Petrol Pipeline Exploded In Kenya German minister advises colleagues to shun Facebook New Evidence of Pakistan's Hand in the Death of a Journalist Swarm Troopers  
In Brazil, an army is being unleashed. It is an army like no other The soldiers' mission is to copulate rather than fight. And the troops are mosquitoes and caterpillars. Genetically modified to destroy their own kind  David Cameron has raised the Alexander Litvinenko case at the start of his bridgebuilding visit to Russia. Nuclear power plant explosion in France, radiation leaks feared. Former French President Jacques Chirac and former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin received an estimated $20 million in illegal cash from West African leaders Explosion at French Nuclear Plant, risk for radioactive leak. Turkish Prime Minister apparently saw the Gaza flotilla raid of last year as grounds for war between Israel and Turkey.  Ten Years After September 11  Terrorism is an affront to the human rights movement.Yet all too often, those leading the counterterrorism charge adopted the endsjustifythemeans logic of the terrorists, thus further eroding the value of human rights Home of Israeli leftwing activist defaced in latest 'price tag' act Death to Traitors British Parliament Invites Former IRA Supporter Peter King To Testify About Muslim Radicalization King will reportedly be the first member of Congress to ever address a committee of Parliament 150 Kenyans Incinerated While Gathering Gasoline From a Leaking Pipeline (With Video) Key military witness fails to show up at trial of Mubarak Japan Earthquake, Six Months Later [Pics] Saudi Arabia threatens split with US if Obama vetos Palestinian statehood bid Iran president US hikers to be freed 'in 2 days' UN recognition of a Palestinian state receives public approval in Europe Israel watches its old alliances crumble
 Israel Fears Complete Isolation  Israel's relations with Turkey are ruined, the Palestinians plan to seek UN recognition for their own state, the embassy in Cairo was stormed Jerusalem is under massive pressure. Even hardline Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is starting to sound conciliatory. Britain is set to change its financial laws. Officials say it's an attempt to prevent taxpayers from ever again having to spend tens of billions of dollars to save banks from collapse. Among other things, banks would be required to set aside more money as a cushion against possible losses. Japanese Seniors Send Us To Damaged Nuclear Plant. The Skilled Veterans Corps for Fukushima consists of more than 500 seniors who have signed up for a job that has been called courageous  and suicidal. Chinese language learning to be compulsory in Pakistani Schools from 2013 How China dominates solar power  
Huge loans from the Chinese Development Bank are helping Chinese solar companies push American solar firms out of the market The woman who wants to be Egypt's first female president As much as half of North Korea's army is starving as food shortages that were previously affecting only the civilian population worsen and begin to affect institutions tasked with protecting Kim JongIl's regime.  Church of Scientology in Australia facing backpay claims Global consequences. Indonesia An estimated 30,000 mentally ill people suffer in chains and cages due to stigma and lack of access to treatment No end in sight for oil in the Gulf of Mexico  Features  Al Jazeera English Shin Bet Israel's extreme rightists organizing into terror groups  Peace Now activist targeted with threatening graffiti in latest settler 'price tag' attack.  Why some Egyptians see military rulers as worse than Mubarak Egypt's military rulers this weekend broadened the use of the country's emergency law, a despised tool of Mubarak's regime, instead of lifting as they had promised to do. Egypt plans to revive emergency law Egyptian security forces said they will protect government buildings with live ammunition.
 Suicide bombers, gunmen attack U.S. embassy, NATO headquarters in Kabul Australia Navy cadet filmed rape 'to be accepted' You've Been Trumped Tycoon's ruthless efforts to build Scottish golf resort  How potential environmental damage has been disregarded because of the perceived benefits to the local economy EuroZone Exit Scenarios  Germany Plans for Possible Greek Default   The rest of the euro zone is losing patience with Greece. German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schuble is no longer convinced that Athens can be saved from bankruptcy. Italian government 'in bond buying talks with China' China's largest sovereign wealth fund is considering buying Italian assets, according to a report in the Financial Times.  Missing Tons of USSupplied Nuclear Weapons Material Dalai Lama Mexico is not so violent, blames media for reporting the crisis b'European Parliament in for a shock from The Pirate Party Our politicians are digital illiterates ' b'Putin to the West Hands Off Ukraine' b'Pirate Bay Money Squeeze Rejected by Court  The request from four major record labels to fine the Pirate Bay operators for every day the site remains up and running was declined by the Swedish District Court' Russia Has a 26yo gymnast just given birth to Vladimir Putin's illegitimate son? b'Crooks in Parliament  How British MPs defrauded the taxpayers and are getting away with it!' N. Korea's nuclear blast showed up on seismographs with the punch of a magnitude 4.7 earthquake, or 10 to 20 kilotons, on par with Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombs b'Fraud trial against Scientologists threatens to drive Scientology out of France' b'United Nations officials in Afghanistan are attempting to create a flood of drugs in the country intended to destroy the value of opium and force poppy farmers to switch to legal crops such as wheat.' b'Town of the damned 18 children all with the same terrible birth defects. Coincidence  or victims of a poisonous past?' b'North Korea has testfired two more missiles, hours after the UN Security Council unanimously condemned its nuclear test, South Korean reports say.' b'Mexico 10 mayors arrested in a drug trafficking operation' b'Iran has sent 6 warships and logistic vessels to the Gulf of Aden and the surrounding international waters' b'In Brazil, they use model helicopters to sneak mobile phones into jail.  Beats using a balloon to smuggle it on your persons.' b'The United Nations special tribunal investigating the murder of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik alHariri has reached surprising new conclusions  and it is keeping them secret. Investigators now believe Hezbollah was behind the Hariri murder.' (Africa) Donors are now focusing less on charity and more on the continent's small entrepreneurs Unbelievable hypocrisy of far right leader, Nick Griffin. He claims to be a patriot when he has a history of praising the courage of Hitler's SS and accusing Britain's RAF of mass murder b'Israeli party proposes loyalty bill which would force Arabic community to swear allegiance to Jewish state' We'll dismantle wildcat West Bank settlements  but only if 'legal' ones can stay, claim Israelis b'Dubai suffers biggest house price slump in the world' b'Russia Military now following US with Unmanned Aircraft Vehicles?' b'Zimbabwe cholera close to 100,000 and over 4000 deaths' b'Israel Willing To Reign In Settlements In Exchange For Hostility with Iran ' b'North Korea fires two more missiles' b'Scientology Trial Could Ban the Church in France' b'Traces of cocaine found in Red Bull. ' b'Fuck N Korea warns of possible military strike    No longer bound by the 1953 armistice' b'Australian government admits less than 32% of secret censorship list is related to underage images' b'Deng Yujiao was an unknown 21yearold worker in a Chinese provincial town one of millions quietly scraping a living. Now she is an unwilling hero to tens of thousands of compatriots after stabbing to death an official who she says tried to rape her when she rejected his advances.' b'Wiwa vs Shell Oil trial postponed. Ken SaroWiwa, an acclaimed writer and leader of the Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People (MOSOP), was hanged along with eight other Ogoni leaders' b'Twenty years after Tiananmen, China erases the incident by buying off scholars and giving students something to dream about.' b'EU sues Sweden, demands law requiring ISPs to retain data' b'Israeli Knesset Approves Initial Bill That Would Make Denial of Jewish State a Crime Punishable by a Year In Prison' b'Netherlands to Close Prisons Not Enough Criminals' b'Alien found in Lahore, Pakistan....killed by children.....WTF!!!' b'Home Secretary to be sued over MI5 torture allegation' b'Chevron, Shell and the True Cost of Oil It is very clear that Chevron, just like Shell, uses the military to protect its oil activities. They drill and they kill.' UK journalist Suzanne Breen 'I'll go to jail rather than give up source'  b'North Korea threatens to attack South if ships searched' b'Poll Hugo Chavez is the most popular leader in the Arab world' b'Aung San Suu Kyi allowed one witness at trial in Burma' b'North Korea No longer bound by 1953 truce' b'Huge explosions rock city of Lahore, Pakistan' b'UK in the middle of a butterfly invasion  arriving at 50 a minute' b'North Korea preparing to fire missiles from west coast' 'He would have found bin Laden'  CNN.com Russia fears Korea conflict could go nuclear  taking 'precautionary measures' b'Climate conference sex boomCopenhagens sex trade did brisk business during the recent business climate conference. ' Canada's governor general, Michaelle Jean, helped butcher and eat seal's heart  as an act of solidarity with hunters b'North Korea warns it will attack South if ships are intercepted' N Korea threatens military action after South Korea joined antiproliferation exercise to search the North's ships b'Everything you know about Iran is wrong. (Not you, reddit)' b'Israeli Strategic Affairs Minister Moshe Ya'alon We will not let the US threaten us; we will not yield to U.S. demands, we will not halt settlement construction' b'Spanish judges invoke universal jurisdiction which gives them authority to prosecute highranking government officials in the U.S., China and Israel for torture, genocide and crimes against humanity' Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels have admitted for the first time that their leader Velupillai Prabhakaran is dead. b'Israel Moves Closer to Banning Any Nakba Day Events  Wants to Imprison Any Palestinians that Publicly Mourn Their Losses of 1948' b'Netanyahu says settlements can expand' b'Armed Israeli police close theatre on first night of Palestinian festival' b'Israeli tourism ministry puts up posters of Palestinian occupied territories as Israel  342 complaints!' b'Mongolians vote in presidential election' b'UN chief visits Sri Lanka's biggest refugee camp and sees raw agony' b'Remembering the old Swat that was like paradise on earth' b'Pakistan Love marriage greeted by the torture of a family; one girl is abducted by a Punjab MP' b'Pakistan 1095 terrorists killed, security forces storm into Mingora' b'Iran bans Facebook' b'Former South Korean President Roh Moohyun jumped to his death after being hounded for weeks in a widening corruption scandal.' b'Wouldbe suicide jumper pushed off bridge' b'Iranian authorities say a woman accused of being a serial killer took her ideas from the novels of crime writer Agatha Christie.' b'Spanish Intelligence Agents Expelled From Cuba' b'U.N. seeks full access to Sri Lankan refugee camps (Ban KiMoon Ban Kimoon says camp contains the most appalling scenes I have seen.)' b'Curfew in Jalandhar, India after shootout in Sikh temple in Vienna, Austria' b'Malaysia police raid opposition headquarters' b'Important International Moving Tips ' b'Prepare for WAR! he biggest financial bubble in history is being inflated in plain sight, said Gerald Celente, Director of The Trends Research Institute. This is the Mother of All Bubbles, and when it explodes, Celente warns' b'Tamil selfdetermination and the LTTE Some lessons for the struggle' b'The state of palestine quiz' C'est magnifique!  The Church of Scientology is set to go on trial in France, accused of organised fraud. b'Netherlands to close prisons for lack of criminals' b'North Korea has conducted a nuclear test' b'Blow Back Cocaine Traces Found in Red Bull Cola' b'2.4 million Pakistanis have become internally displaced since May 2' USGS seismic data from today's North Korean nuclear test Magnitude 4.7 This is why you don't update your Facebook status while drunk Police on the trail of the $10million theives b'MP wants to brand 43% of population' Hardline Israeliparty (of Avigdor Lieberman) to introduce two bills one to force Israeli Arabs to swear loyalty to the Jewish state or risk severe punishment, the other to make it illegal to mourn the Nakba (the Palestinian exile upon Israel's founding) b'Less than 50 percent of Africans want democracy ' b'Nearly 100 human skulls found in pond in northern India' North Korea conducted a second and far more powerful nuclear test on Monday, triggering an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting on the hermit state's defiant act b'Canadian multiculturalism is in rude health and has licked the kinds of problems that crop up in other countries. Haroon Siddiqui explains how. | May 2009 | New Internationalist' b'Pictured The ruined wasteland of Sri Lanka as 300,000 people are displaced after war with Tamil Tigers' b'Ants crawled out of neglected girl's mouth' Gender issues worsen Iraq's medical woes  A man would prefer his wife die in labor than be touched by man b'Burma  Aung San Suu Kyi will testify in her trial tomorrow (Tuesday)' b'11 crushed by unlucky Rabat feet.' b'Iran Political Prisoners Life in Danger ' b'North Korea Conducts Second Nuclear Test' b'Iran's Ahmadinejad rejects Western nuclear proposal for it to freeze its nuclear work in return for no new sanctions.' India air force chief says wary of China's military b'Swaziland suggests branding the buttocks of HIV sufferers to promote safe sex?' b'Elevated roadway collapses in China [w/pics]' b'Nurse shortage Free German lessons, five weeks of vacation, and a range of plasticsurgery options, including complimentary siliconeenhanced breasts. If Plastic Surgery Wont Convince You, What Will?' b'Tiananmen anniversary unimportant to Chinese youth (' Full text of letter police psychologist wrote to mother of Robert Dziekanski, who died after an altercation with RCMP officers at Vancouver's airport in 2007 The Dark Continent Hitler's European Holocaust Helpers (Interesting Spiegel Cover Story That Causes 'A Wave of Outrage' in Poland) b'Police retention of photographs of protesters ruled illegal' b'Some 98 percent of Denmark's 7,500 Jews survived World War II. By contrast, only nine percent of the Dutch Jews survived.' b'Farright Czech party in trouble over airing campeign commercial called for a final solution to the Gypsy issue.' b'Antidrug effort in Afghanistan a failure US admiral' b'Russia Moves to Ban Criticism of WWII Win' b' Brazilian prison' b'Royal Dutch Shell faces charges of crimes against humanity' b'UK Camera grid to log number plates (will be in place within months)' b'Bush It's liberating to be out of office.' b'The disease referred to as a contagious cancer, Devil Facial Tumor Disease, is decimating the population of Tasmanian Devils, leading experts to predict the extinction of the species in as little as 20 years.' b'Public millions fail to provide wells, schools and clinics in Afghanistan' b'Venezuela's Chavez raids last remaining opposition media, for having too many Toyotas. The owners of the residence will have to explain what these vehicles are doing there and why they aren't in a dealership, said Police chief  Wilmer Trossel' b'German Pirate Party Sets Course For European Parliament' b'The broker in the British MP's expences scandal comes forward, claims he was motivated by [Goverment] want to know everything about us, I think we're entitled to know about them. Doesn't reveal if he was paid, or how much' b'Spain reinstates charges against 3 US soldiers over the death of Spanish journalist' b'Achtung! Papers Please! Canadian musician, Allison Crowe, barred from entry into England because of some obscure new antiimmigration, antiterrorist rule' Muslim Publics Oppose Al Qaeda's Terrorism, But Agree With Its Goal of Driving US Forces Out Gulags, Nukes and a Water Slide   Citizen Spies Lift North Korea's Veil  WSJ.com b'Officials in Serbia are investigating an Orthodox Churchrun rehabilitation centre where drug addicts have allegedly been filmed being beaten' b'When Pigs Flyand Scold Brits Lecturing Sri Lanka! (Whats sick about this is that the British establishment destroyed the Sinhalese people completely.)' The news is confusing, misleading, fragmented and sometimes, frightening, so we've asked two informed observers of that region, both of whom have lived in Pakistan to try to help us sort it out. b'Libya Libyan Dissident, Long Imprisoned, Is Dead' Berlusconi's party messes up registration of his candidates in forthcoming elections. He 'changes' the law to readmit them, violating Italian Constitution (article 73 don't change election regulations with emergency laws). b'RAF helicoptor pilot shot between the eyes by Taliban flies 20 to safety  Telegraph' b'Australian writer sums up insensibility of War on Drugs in four paragraphs.' b'Waste watchers? British trash bins being fitted with microchips, raising surveillance fears' b'White woman says attack was racist' b'Bob Geldof has challenged the BBC to substantiate its report that millions raised for famine relief in Ethiopia were diverted to pay for weapons.' b'Ahmadinejad Sept. 11 attacks a big lie' b'How food and water are driving a 21stcentury African land grab ' b'Iceland rejects plan to repay Icesave debts' Indonesia Forced church closings spike. All is not well for Christians in country with the world's largest Muslim population. Liberia, emerging from decades of war, thought its debt problems were finally over after western countries cancelled most of it. Then they found out they'd been tricked by a few private fund owners who pretended to participate in the deal.  (BBC, full length version) b'Israeli film directory whose film is up for an Oscar The film technically represents Israel, but I don't represent Israel. I cannot represent a country that does not represent me.  There's a Palestinian director, an Israeli director, Palestinian actors and Israeli actors.' BBC News  Boeing 747 survives simulated 'Flight 253' bomb blast b'AP Wrong, Pakistani Officials Say AmericanalQaida has not Been Arrested' b'A Muslim magazine has apologised after two of its journalists pretended to be Roman Catholics and took Holy Communion in a church' Mosquito nets 'fail to curb malaria' in Malawi b'Bob Geldof has challenged the BBC to substantiate its report that millions raised for famine relief in Ethiopia were diverted to pay for weapons.' b'Sri Lankan General to go on hunger strike after being detained for daring to run for president' b'The head of Chinas central bank has given the strongest signal yet that the country will move away from pegging its currency to the dollar, but he said any changes would be gradual.' The European Commission is planning an EUwide minimum tax on carbon as part of the EU's green energy agenda  but the UK opposes such a move. Iraqs die to cast a vote, but in America we're too good/lazy/apathetic/etc.  What happened to us??? Reallife 'Avatar' happening in Orissa, India b'Socialized Medicine Saved Me When Pulitzer Prize winner Geraldine Brooks was diagnosed with cancer overseas, she didnt hightail it back home, to the best health care in the world she stayed in Australia, home to a humane, rational system' b'Passenger ships stuck in ice for hours off Swedish coast' b'Egyptian blogger was detained for criticizing army, is now released' 'Endemic' rape and abuse of Irish children in Catholic care, inquiry finds b'Catholic Church was aware longterm sex offenders were repeatedly abusing children for over 50 years in Irish schools.' b'The world has ignored our warnings. Mohamed ElBaradei of the International Atomic Energy Agency talks about being wiretapped by the Bush administration, whose arrogance and ignorance turned the Middle East into a giant mess.' b'Thousands beaten, raped in Irish reform schools' b'Thousands Rally Against President Colom in Guatemala' b'Netanyahu aide call's Obama's 2state plan stupid and childish' b'Quarter of a million Sri Lankans face two years in camps' b'Owls and kestrels are being employed as agricultural pest controllers in the Middle East.' China has lost its position as the world's lowestcost components manufacturer b'An inquiry into child abuse at Catholic institutions in Ireland has found that sexual abuse was endemic in boys' institutions' b'Silvio Berlusconi bribed British lawyer, say Italian judges' b'Eleven charged with the murder for smuggling human albino body parts out of Burundi into Tanzania, to be used in witchcraft' b'Saudi Arabias brief and limited experiment with electoral democracy suffered another setback on Monday  elections pushed back two years' Disabled prisoner unwashed for 6 months because staff wouldn't push wheelchairs unless they were trained Hundreds of Irish Catholic priests 'to be implicated in child abuse report' b'Irish brace for Catholic abuse report.  Investigation into sexual, physical and emotional damage was long delayed.' b'Former England cricketer Chris Lewis has been found guilty of smuggling cocaine into Britain' b'Unemployed graduates in China to reach 3 million (out of 7.8 mil.) in 2009' b'Iran testfired a new advanced missile Wednesday with a range of about 1,200 miles, far enough to strike Israel and southeastern Europe' b'Silvio Berlusconi, Basically, we just don't want ArabAfricans in Italy. End of Story.' b'Sri Lanka crisis deepens as Red Cross suspends aid' b'Spanish lawmakers move to curb foreign human rights probes' b'Sri Lanka on brink of catastrophe as UN aid is blocked' b'Myanmar to let diplomats meet with Suu Kyi' b'AntiSemitic protestors in Argentina give protestors against the Israeli state a bad name, and make it easier for Zionists to conflate the two.' b'The Nigerian military has been accused of killing hundreds, maybe thousands, of civilians in the oilrich Niger Delta. The military offensive began eight days ago but has received little international attention' b'Couple do a runner after bank error sees $10m transferred into their account ' b'Work for us or we will say you are a terrorist' b'A 15yearold girl has been charged with cultivating cannabis valued at 750,000' How fox news' sister channel, sky news, dealt with the discovery of a missing link b'Vancouver 2010 Olympic torch is...uniquely Canadian.' UN Gaza inquiry 'to proceed despite Israel'  b' First Italian restaurant opens in Pyongyang [PICS]' b'A flock of ravens kill 14 calves in central Sweden' 'Settlers' assault two elderly men, 'five settlers attacked me and knocked me to the ground', 'When I was about ten meters from Abdullah and the settlers, my brother fell to the ground and started to bleed. Then, he got up and ran from the settlers, who continued to throw stones at us' b'Violence can be fought with jobs ... The Diary of a Mexican Drug Lord' b'China says rich nations must cut emissions by 40%' b'Israeli bulldozers roll through the West Bank 3 days after Obama meets with Netanyahu in Washington.' b'Apple Under Fire in Taiwan ' Russian economy drives unemployed to eat dogs, take over mayor's office b'North Korea executes official favourable to dialogue with South' b'Rotterdam, Eurabia' b'Voice of Mickey Mouse dies at 62' b'The Poor Get Poorer While Americans are worried about dips in their 401Ks, Asians are increasingly worried about more important things, like feeding their families.' b'Burma bars international observers from the trial of Aung San Suu Kyi, a day after allowing them in.' b'Movie and music industry appeals Pirate Bay case  damages were too low' b'Lucky couple  Gone missing after bank mistakenly give them millions of $' b'Immigrants hurt in Greek violence' US intruder said Suu Kyi 'scared' b'Thousands raped and abused in Catholic schools'