 Rob Ford withdraws from Toronto mayor race ISIL hit U.S. F15 with antiaircaft batteries captured from Iraq  World Tribune | World Tribune Israel tells US it will act if ISIS reaches Jordan Nigeria reportedly kills 200 Boko Haram members along with feared commander in rare victory in the country's north Hamas admits it fired rockets from civilian areas A convoy of more than 200 trucks that Russia says is carrying humanitarian aid has crossed the border into Ukraine without permission. Ukrainian border guards and customs officer did not have access to them to check what they were carrying. Germany plans to fund education about antiSemitism for Muslim youth Masked and caped anonymous superheroes are popping up throughout Mexico. They are being referred to as the Mexican Power Rangers. U.S. government scientists Ebola epidemic to last 12 to 18 months, infect hundreds of thousands. Pope says world's many conflicts amount to piecemeal World War Three War is madness. Even today, after the second failure of another world war, perhaps one can speak of a third war, one fought piecemeal, with crimes, massacres, destruction. War is irrational; its only plan is to bring destruction New Russian Military Bases Going Up on Arctic Island Near Alaska  Putin sees control of the Arctic as a matter of serious strategic concern for Moscow. New Zealand Prime Minister John Key dismisses Glenn Greenwald as [Kim] Dotcom's little henchman. after Greenwald claims the New Zealand government is conducting mass surveillance on its citizens. Key previously he'd resign if it were proven the New Zealand government was spying on citizens. Ebola surging beyond control, WHO's Margaret Chan warns Tribes battle illegal loggers in the Amazon in these shocking photographs Australian police in riot gear removing Aboriginal children from their parents Defrocked Catholic priest Eric Dejaeger found guilty of 24 sex charges involving Inuit children Syrian rebels and the Islamic State have agreed a nonaggression pact near Damascus Turkey overflowing with $36 billion in mystery funds Boko Haram Now Controls An Area In Nigeria The Size Of Ireland Islamic State fighters in Iraq and Syria now have about 20,000 to 31,500 fighters on the ground, the US Central Intelligence Agency says, much higher than a previous estimate of 10,000 How U.N. troops defied orders, opened fire and escaped Syrian rebels Iran 'sending troops' to fight Islamic State in Iraq Advocates for tribal people in Peru published new photos this week that show a troubling scene An apparent missionary and other outsiders in a tourist boat idling along the bank of a river to give clothes and other gifts to children from an isolated indigenous tribe Groundbreking stem cell transplant performed in Japan A woman in Japan suffering from an incurable eye disease has received what is being called the world's first human transplant of cells reprogrammed to an embryonic state The Pakistani Taliban announce its end of armed struggle in Pakistan. They will now increase their efforts to preach sharia through peaceful means, says TTP Chief Germany officially makes helping Islamic State (IS) a crime Oscar Pistorius found guilty of culpable homicide British Female Jihadists 'Are Running Brothels Full Of Captured Sex Slaves For Islamic State Militants' Ecuador to tax fast food in effort to halt soaring obesity rate People are dying from bad food, not a lack of food. People will stop eating so many McDonalds and Burger King hamburgers [with this tax]. This favours the production of our traditional gastronomy. President Correa told journalists. Archaeologists in Siberia have discovered a suit of armour made of animal bones which they believe could be aged between 3,500 and 3,900 years old. The sheath, found in perfect condition, is made of the bones of an unidentified animal. The armour may have been built for an elite warrior Virologist Fight against Ebola in Sierra Leone and Liberia is lost Russian ruble hits record low as sanctions loom Pilot rescues baby elephant who survived massacre by flying it home in fourseater plane We were able to confirm about 100 animals had indeed been massacred at that site in a national park in Chad, when we found the baby elephant he was tied up to a tree where he had been for the last 3to4 days. NASAs Mars Curiosity Rover Arrives at Martian Mountain U.S. Air Force and Navy aircraft flew more than 2,700 missions to combat Islamic State in Iraq even before President Barack Obama announced an expanded military campaign against the Sunni extremists In the dead of night, Ukrainian troops and Russianbacked rebel forces exchanged 67 prisoners who had been captured during fighting in eastern Ukraine, part of a ceasefire deal that has struggled to succeed Israeli intelligence veterans refuse to serve in Palestinian territories. They say actions not consistent with a democracy Philippines displays ancient maps to debunk China's sea claims Jordan alarmed over Obama plan to arm 'moderates' Germany bans ISIS symbols and propoganda. The US government has imposed new sanctions on major Russian banks, defence and energy firms over Russia's support for separatists in Ukraine. Italys first Muslim councillor flees the country in fear of her life after a series of death threats President Barack Obama said on Thursday the United States will join the European Union in imposing tougher sanctions on Russia's financial, energy and defense sectors Experts worry Ebola could mutate to spread by air Turkey Will Refuse US Permission to Use Air Bases For Attacking ISIS Police raid homes of Latvians connected to pro Russia rebels in Ukraine, weapons found Cuba sending dozens of doctors to fight Ebola Cuba Sends Drugs, Medical Supplies to Gaza | Hamas thanks Cuba for 'noble gesture,' after it sent six tons of drugs and medical supplies to Gaza. Department of Justice HewlettPackard Russia Pleads Guilty to and Sentenced for Bribery of Russian Government Officials. HP and Subsidiaries Will Pay $108 Million in Criminal and Regulatory Penalties Scientist who identified Ebola virus calls for 'quasimilitary intervention' b'Dear World, Canada will be closed from noon to 3pm (PST) on Sunday.' b'CANADA WINS 32 IN OVERTIME' b'Happy Holi  festival of colours  to all our Indian readers. Looks like a lot of fun.' b'NATO sinks Somali pirate mothership' b'Christians throw rocks at Voodoo practitioners honoring Haitian dead' b'There are calls for Oregon, Washington and British Columbia to split from the US and Canada. Cascadia is not a bad idea.' Man's family isn't buying the official story that he died from drinking a glass of water UK's XFiles to be destroyed from now on b'Rio narco war These boys have become little Taleban who think they have nothing to lose' b'53 people killed by combination of tempest and hightides in France. Most people drowned during the night in their own home.' b'Storms batter France, National Emergency declared' France's national railway provoked a race row after producing a poster warning passengers to be on the look out for Romanians.  b'Israelis to be denied UAE entry over assassination scandal.' UN's climate link to hurricanes in doubt b'Gamers have flooded a government inquiry to  support the case for an R18+ rating for games, but  a Christian group opposed to the change has  warned that the strong response was the result of a  biased consultation process and that little weight  should be attached to the submissions.' b'People travelling to the United Arab Emirates who are suspected of having Israeli citizenship will not be allowed to enter the country regardless of what passport they hold, Dubai police chief Dahi Khalfan Tamim said Monday.' Why business won't save the world b'An iceberg the size of Connecticut is heading towards Australia!' A senior military official from Iran, the world's fourthlargest exporter of crude, said on Sunday the country could make European countries suffer by cutting off energy supplies and could target any adversary with its missiles. b'Russian tanks found abandoned in Urals forest' b'Prominent Israeli and father of Israel soldier held by Hamas, Noam Shalit, calls for the UN to implement Goldstone report.' 'No clues' in disappearance of Australian nuclear scientist  What was he Working on? b'Afghanistan bans coverage of attacks, will detain offending journalists' New IAEA chief says 'Iran not cooperating'  Is Iran really hiding something or is the UN getting the ball rolling for military action? b'Over A Quarter Of A Thousand Earthquakes Have Shaken The Earth in The Last Week' 44 % of Danes think that religion makes the world a worse place US tells Twitter to hand over WikiLeaks supporter's messages Vladimir Putin signed a 20page executive order requiring all public institutions in Russia to replace proprietary software, developed by companies like Microsoft and Adobe, with free opensource alternatives by 2015. Copy of the Subpoena served to Twitter regarding WikiLeaks for those interested Chile recognizes independent Palestinian state  Life in an apartheid theocracy An Israeli activist who defied orthodox Jewish custom by leading a group of women in open prayer at Jerusalem's Wailing Wall has been told to expect years in prison for breaching the peace. 1 dead 4 injured as Israeli soldiers come under mortar fire at Gaza border .... news may not go mainstream because they were attacked by their own army aka Friendly Fire  Egyptian Muslims act as human shields for Coptic Christmas mass Wikipedia Comes Of Age  Academic publisher on the relative authority of Wikipedia. It is not the bottom layer of authority, nor the top, but the highest layer without formal vetting. It serves as an ideal bridge between the validated and unvalidated We Chile recognizes Palestinian state A senior Hamas leader on Thursday accused Israel of carrying out countless holocausts against the Palestinians while saying the Nazi genocide was a lie. Feds subpoena Twitter for info on WikiLeaks backer  Iceland Member of Parliament Birgitta Jnsdttir Greenland close to unavoidable meltdown  Politiken.dk Shiite cleric Muqtada alSadr returns to Iraq from Iran urging followers to resist the United States with all means Thousands of Tunisia lawyers strike The lawyers demand an end to beatings by police, following what they say is
police brutality against protesters. French suspect Chinese link in industrial spying at Renault  Company suspends three senior executives in what is potentially one of the biggest commercial espionage cases in recent years. Lawmaker U.S. subpoenaed Twitter information linked to WikiLeaks [BBC] Has Pakistan passed the tipping point of religious extremism? World economy faces deepening turmoil  Blackwater in the Holy Land?  Jerusalem a cauldron of nationalistic and religious acrimony, a persistent flashpoint for global crisis. Exactly where you want to put the worlds most notorious private security firm. Russian president to visit Palestinian territories Twitter Subpoenaed by The Empire for Wikileaks Accounts Spain's national broadcaster bans bullfighting  reducing interest in a tradition How 'The Guardian' fell out with Julian Assange Israel's Supreme Court gave the green light on Thursday for the continued operation of gendersegregated modesty buses serving ultraOrthodox Jews. b'Remember Professor Nutt, the UK drug advisor who was sacked after stating scientific facts about drugs? The British government has responded to the petition which asked for Nutt to be reinstated.' b'Netherlands government falls over refusal to extend Afghanistan mission Fears withdrawal may prompt other countries to follow suit' b'British MPs demand end to public funding of Homeopathic medicine.' b'33 civilians were killed in a Nato air strike in southern Afghanistan. The value of the bombs used to kill them could have given so much wealth to this people, that this is fucking insane.' b'Plans to cut off internet connections of illegal filesharers dumped  Small Victory' b'An Israeli court will soon decide on the demolition order of Khan Al Ahmar, a Palestinian village in the occupied West Bank  so that Israeli homes can be built in its place. ' b'Swiss brothers smuggling nuclear bomb secrets for AQ Khan network were CIA assets... says Swiss court' b'China sells $34.2bn of US treasury bonds' b'Officers planned False Flag Operation n52 Turkish military leaders planned to blow up mosques, airliners.' b'The Israeli Air Force introduces a fleet of pilotless aircraft that can reach Iran' b'Devastation on Madeira  ' b'Victims of a 1983 terror bombing in Berlin want compensation from the Syrian government. Now they have asked a court to seize ancient Syrian artwork currently on display in Germany in the hope of putting pressure on Damascus' b'Surprise! Religious Racism Evident in Relief for  Haitian Earthquake Victims' The excited pet dog of a German man on the run from the law led police to his master's hiding place. Better public relations won't improve Israel's image abroad b'Killing of Hamas official is not murder' b'Taliban beheads two from nonIslamic minority.' b'Israeli named in Dubai probe disappears report' It's Mourning in Canada... b'As speculators attack the euro, Europe is facing a growing threat of national bankruptcies which would be dramatic for the whole of the continent, especially German banks, which are highly exposed to risky debt. EU politicians are willing to pay almost any price to help the beleaguered countries' Dozens held in Turkish 'coup plot' b'Israel army introduces new drone with range to reach Iran.' b'Pakistan captures another Taliban leader' b'Dutch Government Collapse The High Price of the Political Crisis' b'Gordon Brown to give evidence to Iraq inquiry next week' b'A huge step forward for a backward country Saudi women to be allowed to argue cases in court.' b'Israeli immigration officials copied British passports used by hit squad, ministers told   Telegraph' b'Ever seen the sophistication of a western approved ethnic cleansing? ' b''Why have I got to meet these fucking people?' he yelled at Wood. 'Why are you making me meet these fucking people?' [Gordon] Brown then roughly shoved aside the stunned adviser.' b'Chinese censors tormented by mythical animal' The Story the New York Times Won't Touch b'Users are witheringly referred to as the muertos vivientes  the living dead  of Buenos Aires.  A story about Paco, and the towns it destroys.' b'Extremist Israeli Settlers Attack, Wound, Palestinian Child in Hebron' b'nHair extension industry built on Indian sacrifices' b'Airport staff may be responsible for importation of drugs and weapons into many countries' b'Dubai assassination squad carried diplomatic passports' Israel touts new fleet UAV's capable of reaching Iran. b'Around 200 residents of a southern Italian town have been evacuated after an enormous landslide split the side of a hill. No one was hurt.' Israel's women soldiers share stories of hate and despair b'Lufthansa pilots have voted to go on strike for four days next week. The industrial action will bring chaos to German airports and will cost the airline tens of millions of euros.' b'London Fashion Week catwalk row over size 14 models' b'The new McCarthyism is Israel' b'Welcome to the office, the new Stasi state ' b'Oil drilling begins in the Falkland Islands' The Warlord's Tune Afghanistan's war on children b'Returnees aim to revitalize Sierra Leone  Thousands who fled civil war, now come back with skills and hopes.' b'Energy profits soar as bills go through roof' Dutch troops 'to leave Afghanistan as planned'  PM b'AFP Afghan police move into Taliban stronghold' b'Current Worldwide Homicide/Murder Rates! [CHART]' b'Italian thugs upload youtube video showing them beating up an autistic kid. Youtube takes video down within hours. 4 google employees charged, 3 found guilty. WTF?!' Spain has approved a sweeping new law that eases restrictions on abortion, declaring the practice a woman's right and doing away with the threat of imprisonment, in part of a drive toward liberal policies that has angered conservatives and the Catholic Church. Rupert Murdoch's media giant News International could face a judicial inquiry after a highly critical parliamentary report today accuses senior executives of concealing the truth about the extent of illegal phone hacking by its journalists The son of one of Hamas' founders served as a top informant for Israel for more than a decade, providing topsecret intelligence that helped prevent dozens of suicide bombings and other attacks against Israelis b'Russia will not support crippling sanctions against Iran, including any that may be slapped on the Islamic Republic's banking or energy sectors' b'Afghan President Karzai Approves Removal of Foreign Observers from Electoral Watch Panel That Exposed Massive Fraud in Last Election' b'International Intellectual Property Alliance is  putting countries on a piracy watchlist because they  use open source software' Haaretz exclusive Hamas founder's son worked for Shin Bet for years   I don't want my fourteenyearold learning about Napoleon as he's too young to invade Italy b'Greek row with Germany over debt turns nasty as Mayor of Athens demands 70 billion in World War II reparations' b'Israel has a publiclystated policy of violating the sovereignty of any and all countries in order to kill or abduct its opponents.' b'Iran arrests Jundullah terror group leader Abdolmalek Rigi  allege he was returning from an American base in Afghanistan' b'The US deliberately enticed the Soviet Union into invading Afghanistan in 1979. (Interview excerpt from 1998; link to original interview unavailable as near as I can tell) ' Royal Bank of Scotland set to announce 5bn loss. That's just great, we bailed them out b'Dubai identifies 15 new suspects in Hamas killing' b'Six more British passports used in Dubai assassination of Mahmoud alMabhouh' Top Turkish officers charged over 'coup plot' after more than 40 officers were arrested on Monday in the continuing power struggle between the Turkish government and military. (4 coups since 1960) Israel's 'miracle' antirocket defense plan raises anxieties b'Jailed Cuban dissident dies after prolonged hunger strike' Australia to facescan visitors from 'terrorrisk' countries b'Iran Says Capture of Rebel Is Blow to U.S. (Actually, they said terrorist)' b'Nearly 25% of all mortgages are underwater  Feb. 23, 2010' b'UN Aboriginal program violates human rights' b'Putin warns power utilities controlled by four billionaires they face fines unless investment commitments are met' b'Twelve officers charged over Turkey coup plotn' This is why we (the U.S.) can't have nice things. Exposed Dark secret of the farm where tigers' bodies are plundered to make 185 wine b'New immigration law in Austria requires prospective immigrants to have a basic proficiency in German' Latin American and Caribbean nations have backed Argentina's claim of sovereignty to the Falkland Islands in a dispute with Britain over plans to drill for oil off the islands in the Atlantic b'How Birthrate Is Turning Modern Conventional Warfare on Its Head' b'Mossad Under Suspicion EU Demands Israeli Cooperation over Dubai Killing' It's illegal for migrant workers in Israel to have children. A Mossad Operation Gone Awry?  The assassination Mahmoud alMabhouh is widely believed to have been the work of the Mossad. But why would Israel's legendary intelligence service allow the identity of its agents to be compromised? (extensive and insightful) b'Slavery isnt Sexy A Hard Look at the Underbelly of the Olympics ' b'China tells schools to ban Oxfam' b'Americas bloc excluding US and Canada is proposed' b'Head of UK antibullying charity turns out to be a bully' b'Palestinians are rioting to stop Israel from stealing their Heritage.' b'Iran 'arrests Sunni militant'  Terrorist leader Mr Rigi had been in a US military base 24 hours before his capture' b'Colonel Imam a battlecreased Pakistani officer who wears a British paratroopers jacket I have the Green Beret but the Taleban beret is better' b'Palestinian president and Hamas leader Israeli declaration of heritage sites on occupied land is a serious provocation that will ignite War' Homeless victims of Haiti's earthquake say that police are halting deliveries of food and water to try to force them to leave their camp on the grounds of the prime minister's office. b'A Swedish man went into a police station to lodge a complaint that his hash turned his girlfriend into a dolphin.' b'Israeli politician Tzipi Livni applauds Dubai Hamas killing' b'A massive car bomb has exploded outside a courthouse in Northern Ireland, the first such attack in the province for over a decade.' b'NATO commander makes televised apology to Afghans' b'Car bomb explodes at Newry courthouse, Northern Ireland. ' b'China tightens Internet controls' b'Dalai Lama China denies problem in Tibet' b'Europe has demilitarized too much, underfunded defense budgets are directly impacting operations in Afghanistan, says US' b'Gaddafi calls for jihad against Switzerland ' b'Afghanistan, February, 2010  The Big Picture' b'Born Hamas, turned Shin Bet How the son of a Hamas founder ended up an Israeli agent.' Say goodbye to your $1.4bn fortune... we're having that thanks.  b'Israeli government videos portray Europeans as gullible' b'Dubai hit squad underestimated police expert  Israeli operatives badly bungled the jo ' b'The Federal Reserve is examining the stratagems devised by Goldman Sachs and other big banks to help Greece mask its burgeoning debt over the last decade. Say what?' b'Danish newspaper apologises in Muhammad cartoons row' b'Libya's Muammar Gaddafi has called for a jihad, or holy war, against Switzerland  Let us wage jihad against Switzerland, Zionism and foreign aggression ' b'Greeces problems deepened as the Federal Reserve disclosed it was investigating Goldman Sachs and other banks that helped the country mask its debts' b'BBC cuts to 6Music, Asian Network, magazines, web, sport, imports. Still not enough for the Murdochs ' b'Lebanon arrests six suspected of spying for Israel ' The Falklands can no longer remain as Britain's expensive nuisance  b' UN debates call for Gaza probe  ' Violent French husbands 'may be tagged'  b'Judges release criticism of MI5 agents in Binyam Mohamed case' b'EU Israeli goods made in Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank cannot be considered Israeli' b'3,000 square kilometers of iceberg breaks off Antarctica ' b'UK court orders disclosure of spy agency criticism' b'Top judge speaks out against MI5 over Binyam Mohamed torture row ' b'Iceberg the size of Luxembourg breaks off ice shelf.' b'A former top level US intelligence official says the assassination in Dubai of a Hamas operative has all the hallmarks of the Israeli intelligence agency, Mossad.' b'Iraq to Rehire SaddamEra Army Officers' b'American Intelligence Agents to Be Embedded in Mexican Law Enforcement' b'Rising populations are at core of overseas aid issuen' b'The British PoW who broke into Auschwitz  and survived In 1944, Denis Avey swapped identities with a Jewish prisoner in Auschwitz. Now, at 91, he reveals why he did it' b'Australian webfilter minister caught censoring his own site.' b'Tel Aviv, Israel introduces Municipal program to prevent Arab boys from dating Jewish girls' b'Royal Bank of Scotland announces 3.6bn of losses. RBS is expected to pay 1.3bn in bonuses to its staff.' b'Australia warns Israel on Dubai assassination plot' b'Berlin Takes On Washington  German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle has been vocal in his demands that the US remove its nuclear weapons from German soil. Now he is calling for NATO to discuss the issue at an upcoming meeting, despite outspoken American opposition to his proposal' b'Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi called on Thursday for a jihad or armed struggle against Switzerland, saying it was an infidel state that was destroying mosques.' b'European Union high court said Thursday the disputed area is not part of Israel and Israeli goods made there are subject to EU import duties. ' b'NATO admits false intelligence lead to deaths of 8 boys' UN takes conservative line against Latin America's growing drug reform movement  The U.N. body says it is particularly concerned by a 2009 law in Mexico that decriminalizes possession of small amounts of cannabis, cocaine, heroin and other drugs. Israeli writer Alon Hilu's acclaimed historical novel tackles the most sensitive of Zionist taboos headon b'Hooded gunmen kill 13 in southern Mexico' b'Six more Britons, including a 23yearold woman, have discovered their identities were stolen by an alleged Mossad hit squad in the murder of a Hamas leader last month. ' b'Gordon Brown to Tony Blair YOU RUINED MY LIFE' b'Vancouver faces a  $1 billion hangover From the Olympic party' Hospital left patients 'sobbing and humiliated' b'Communism has lost the capacity to inspire the Chinese. As the dominant political tradition in China, Confucianism is the obvious alternative.' Patient is called back to the hospital after Mastectomy... Good news and bad. The good; You don't have cancer. A former Rwandan military officer accused of ordering the killing of up to 50 people has been jailed for 25 years by a U.N. court trying masterminds of the country's 1994 genocide. Six months for each person killed... b'Argentina steps up pressure on Falklands' Sudan's President Omar alBashir says the sevenyear conflict in his country's Darfur region is over. b'From now on, the Iranian government has announced, any airline which refers to the waterway between Iran and Arab states as the Arabian Gulf rather than the Persian Gulf will be banned from its airspace. ' b'A 11 year old boy was sexually abused, bound, gagged and beaten, prodded with a fork, whipped with a wire, sprayed down with vinegar and forced to eat chilli peppers as well as his own vomit by two sisters a court in Leicester has heard.' b'French President Sarkozy admitted Frances error of judgment but stopped short of an apology in connection with the Rwandan 1994 genocide ' b'Was Mossad on a fantastic adventure in Dubai?' b'Amazing picture showing how the energy from the Chilean earthquake will dissipate across the Pacific. [pic] ' Eta 'leader' arrested in France Its enormous need for water is on course to make the capital, Sana'a, the first in the world to die of thirst.  b'Tens of thousands of Italians have demonstrated in Rome against Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi' Britain's Judiciary in unprecedented attack on the Government and secret services over American torture.  b'Sixty million people in the developing world are leaving the countryside every year. The squatter cities that have emerged can teach us much about future urban living ' b'Lest we forget, Russia and the US have not talked down reducing ready arms from 1,675 deployed nuclear warheads in almost eight years.' b'Europe wary of following Dubai killers trail No serious investigation to trace the movement of suspects through Europe' Why Chile's devastation is less than Haiti's b'Remember the article about the guy who was fined by British Police for blowing his nose whilst driving? They have decided not to prosecute.' b'Australia abandons Israel in UN vote' b'California is at greater risk for default than Greece, warns JP Morgan chief' b'Deadly storm lashes Spain, Portugal and France ' b'Amorous British backpackers to blame for spread of STDs in Australia' b'Tsunami kills 5 in Robinson Crusoe islands' The death toll from Chile's earthquake has more than doubled to 708 and is expected to rise! b'Yemen declares state of emergency in southern city' Iceland secretly pressured US to defend it against British 'bullying'  b'Massive iceberg just broke off of Antartica' b'Somalis Write Poetry for Peace' b'The population issue far outstrips political, moral and socioeconomic interests. It is related to the survival of the nation, which is why governments and private donors pour in money to help Indonesia keep its birth rate under control.n' b'Nato draws up payout tariffs for Afghan civilian deaths  Average compensation paid by Britain to bereaved families falls from 7,300 to 2,900' Has BBC 6 Music fallen on deaf ears? James Murdoch, News Corporation's chairman and chief executive in Europe and Asia, steps up to buy 6 Music b'Hamas man was drugged with muscle relaxant then smothered' Israel's heritage sites A row about holy places threatens to engulf the Holy Land in new violence b'Earthquake with a magnitude of 8.5 reported near Concepcion, Chile ' b'Hey Canada, we want to say something to you Stay classy. Except this time we're not being sarcastic (sorry about that) The Canadian crowd raised a chant of USA! while the players got their bouquets.' b'Hawaii  Tsunami Warning has been issued  will arrive @ about 1119 HST Sat Feb 27, 2010' b'Track Chilean 8.8 Earthquake Tsunami Size in Real Time' b'Massive earthquake of 8.3 magnitude strikes Chile!' b'Life is elsewhere  In Germany, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, more and more people are choosing to emigrate to other continents in a quest for better living conditions.n' I'd like to remind reddit that the Taliban used to destroy opium crops.  b'Disaster pictures from Chile [The Big Picture set]' b'Imagine the surprise of international inspectors almost two weeks ago when they watched as Iran moved nearly its entire stockpile of lowenriched nuclear fuel to an aboveground plant. It was as if, one official noted, a bullseye had been painted on it.' b'Tsunami Model for Chilean earthquake  Earthquake Research Institute, Tokyo' b'Egypt's Nuclear Option President El Baradei? For someone like myself to be unable to run for president, this is a disaster. How can a constitution bar 99 percent of the people from running?' b'Chile Earthquake Tsunami Hits New Zealand ' b'Internet Not Working in Chile  all sites with .cl are dead at the moment' b'Israelis rush to join Mossad after Mahmoud alMabhouh killing' UK Troops to remain in Afghanistan for '5 more years' b'Mystery of dead Briton and the rightwing cult' b'Live feed of Coconut Island in Hilo (where tsunami is supposed to hit first)' b'Hawaii Tsunami Warning Information.  (Wave arrival estimates 1105 a.m. Hilo, 1120 a.m. Maui, 1135 a.m. Oahu, 1150 a.m. Kauai, 912 ft. surge estimates.)' b'I thought I'd blown a tire ... but then I saw the highway moving like it was a piece of paper and I realized it was something much worse' b'Hawaii prepares evacuations ahead of tsunami (Sat Feb 27, 2010 1004am)' b'Syrias population control strategy under scrutiny  Damascus government accused of failing to encourage contraception to deal with soaring birth rate.n' b'Italian oil slick reaches key farm center of Parma' b'Live feed of Chilerelated twitpic images, updated every 2 minutes. May be NSFW' 'Israel pressing U.S. not to send new envoy to Syria'  nUK troops to remain in Afghanistan 'for five years'n FIFA imposes lifetime ban on former member, informant, and whistle blower, Chuck Blazer Saudi comedian gets death threats and huge ratings for TV show that mocks ISIS Exxon knew of climate change in 1981, email says  but it funded deniers for 27 more years Pluto has a heart! NASA reveals most detailed photograph of the former planet Hit by drought and seawater, Bangkok tap water may run out in a month London's Underground system at standstill due to biggest strike in more than a decade Poorer than Greecethe EU countries that reject a new Athens bailout Surveillance company loses control of flagship spy program Hacking Team  We believe this is an extremely dangerous situation Microsoft hangs up on Nokia business, to cut 7,800 jobs Irans Revolutionary Guards Destruction of Israel is Islamic Worlds Top Priority Malaysian government pulls phoenix from MH370 search. Currently 50,000km2 of seafloor has been searched of the proposed 120,000km2. Pakistan warns India, says can use nuclear weapons if needed Russia unveils straight pride flag More than four million Syrians have now fled war and persecution ISIS Leaders Reported Killed in Drone Strike in Afghanistan Former Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi has been found guilty of bribing a senator in 2006 in an attempt to bring down the then centreleft government. Hamas has been holding an Israeli citizen captive, against his will, in Gaza for nearly a year The Rapid Action Battalion  described by Human Rights Watch as a death squad that has perpetrated systematic abuses over more than a decade  wanted to see a practical demonstration of Hacking Teams surveillance equipment Duma Approves Construction of $4 Billion Kerch Bridge to Crimea Ukraine Banks Seek Compensation From Russia for Crimean Losses Declassified UK documents reveal Greece planned Cyprus invasion in 1983. The concerns were great enough for the foreign secretary of the time, Geoffrey Howe, to instruct British diplomatic missions to lobby six Muslimmajority countries against recognizing the new state. France says 'No' to Greek euro exit, Prime Minister Valls The forgotten war on Yemen has left 80% of the population without basic survival needs like food and water A titanic row between Samsung and a hedge fund run by an American Jew sparks antiJewish assault in South Korean media Ancient Ritual Bath Found Under Unsuspecting Family's Floorboards Teen Guilty Of Hacking PlayStation Network. A teenager who helped to ruin Christmas for millions of children by shutting down the PlayStation and Xbox networks has been convicted of 50,700 offences. New poll finds twothirds of Irish people want abortion decriminalised. Belgian town 'opts out' of EUUS trade treaty (TTIP) To make sure the people who live there are aware of the motion's defiant content, it sent out a press release titled St. Gilles  Zone outside the TTIP market!. Chile lawmakers approve marijuana decriminalisation bill Pope Duty to protect planet, calls for 'social justice' on resources. He appeared to be making a clear reference to climate change doubters when he said It is wrong to turn aside from what is happening all around us, as if certain situations did not exist or have nothing to do with our lives. China Bans Stock Sales by Major Shareholders for Six Months First female nominee fails to win seat on Afghan supreme court Conservatives attacked nomination of Anisa Rassouli, with one MP objecting on grounds that menstruating women were not allowed to touch Quran Turkeys national police force paid the controversial online security firm Hacking Team $600,000 to spy on its own citizenswhich scholars say is a likely illegal practice Astronomers have discovered a very rare system of five connected stars. The quintuplet consists of a pair of closely linked stars  binaries  one of which has a lone companion; it is the first known system of its kind. Nearly 25% of Chinese stocks have stopped trading Spain arrests woman for recruiting girls for Islamic State Shanghai stocks plunge, over 1,200 Chinese companies halt trading Palestinian ambassador endorses Protocols of the Elders of Zion, says the Jewish people don't exist Religion In China Grows Among Young People, Islam Most Popular Among Followers Under 30 Report London Shopping Mall, Westfield Shepherd's Bush evacuated after construction workers find 'unexploded Second World War Bomb' Sarkozy signs petition to protect empty churches from conversion to mosques TTIP | Open Courts Demanded for EUUS Trade Deal | European Parliment says a proposed EUUS free trade deal must not give big firms the power to sue governments in private, secretive courts Russia vetoes Bosnia genocide label Ottawa sidesteps questions from UN panel on human rights complaints in Canadian mining industry Hate discourse against LGBTI reflected on street. A group, naming themselves as Young Islamic Defense, hashanged posters in Ankara streets, wanting LGBTI massacred. Muslim Protestors in Nigeria burn 2 Churches after Mosque Bombing Japan is building solar energy plants on abandoned golf coursesand the idea is spreading Litany of atrocities in South Sudan as international community stands idle .Girls gang raped by soldiers then burned alive, boys castrated, armies of child fighters Spanish woman arrested for recruiting girls to Islamic State Anxious Greeks Buy Macs and PlayStations While They Still Can Mongolian shipwreck from Kublai Khan's 13th century invasion of Japan discovered by archaeologists Number of young homeless people in Britain is 'more than three times the official figures' New leftist mayor of Madrid plans to rename plaza currently dedicated to Margaret Thatcher after a Socialist gay rights activist, saying it is not appropriate for a square to be named after a woman who enslaved the workers NeoNazis try to hold rally in London, about five people turn up Adidas Has Created A Shoe Made Entirely From Ocean Trash Turkish nationalists protesting China's treatment of ethnic Uighur Muslims attacked a group of Korean tourists in the heart of Istanbul's old city on Saturday, mistaking them for Chinese nationals Brazil Officials Phones Monitored by US, WikiLeaks Says | The 29 phone numbers selected for intensive interception included those of Rousseff aides, members of finance ministry, diplomats and even the satellite phone on Rousseffs private jet, WikiLeaks said in a report titled Bugging Brazil NSA conducted surveillance against German newspaper SPIEGEL Satellite photos show China rapidly adding solar panels in Gobi desert German tech giant, Siemens, is attempting to circumvent Crimea sanctions. Millennials Overwhelmingly Favor 'No' Vote in Greek Referendum 71 percent of those between ages 18 to 24 support no, along with 59 percent of those aged 25 to 34 6 chapters of TPP pact still unresolved Former French president Nicolas Sarkozy pressured the countrys football federation to vote in favour of awarding the 2022 World Cup to Qatar, FIFA president Sepp Blatter said in an interview with a German newspaper Sunday. Video from Islamic State group shows mass execution of Syrian soldiers at ancient site of Palmyra Dutch intel bill proposes bulk interception powers for any form of telecom or data transfer, incl. domestic, plus required cooperation from providers of communication services London The Global Moneylaundering Centre For Drug Trade Russian gay couple gets asylum in Finland Hillary Clinton accuses China of hacking into everything that doesnt move in America In twisted revenge, Syrian rebels execute Islamic State fighters in orange jumpsuits The World Bank deleted a section of a report that slammed the Chinese government Protesters in Britain urge cancellation of Greece's debts on eve of referendum  Rallies held in Bristol, Edinburgh, Leeds, Liverpool and London in support of Greek people who are preparing to vote on whether to accept austerity package Greek Riot Police Use Stun Grenades on Protesters Ahead of Pivotal Bailout Vote | Police in Athens clashed with thousands of antiausterity protesters that gathered to support for the governments call to vote no in Sundays referendum ISIS attacks Egypt, threatening to destroy pyramids and sphinx Pakistan bans English for Islamic words Malaysia probe says it has found documents tied to alleged transfers to premier Fifteen of the world's largest banks are under investigation on suspicion of rigging the Brazilian currency, antitrust watchdog Cade said on Thursday, the first such probe in one of the busiest foreign exchange markets globally. Leaked TPP paper shows US pushing drug company rights Arab tourist was arrested under the Terrorism Act and detained for three hours after filming himself on his mobile phone outside Brighton shopping centre Chinese stock market has lost 1.5 trillion in the last three weeks Papers from 1983 show diplomats knew of Iraq's chemical weapons before it was used against Iran but did not act because a British firm was involved in trade WikiLeaks Drops New Docs Detailing NSAs Hobby of Spying On Allies | The docs detail the systematic spying of the NSA on the economic institutions and officials of France and Germany; New intel discusses the NSA's and GCHQ's efforts towards bugging closeddoor meetings incl. bailout plans for Greece Panic wipes 2tn off Chinese shares Just Before Round of Negotiations on the Proposed 'Trade in Services Agreement' (TISA), Wikileaks Releases Updated Secret Documents New coal plants 'most urgent' threat to the planet, warns OECD head  Govts urged to rethink plans for new coalfired power plants as study estimates they'll release over 500bn tonnes of carbon dioxide by 2050 Mass arrests in The Hague as clashes over death in police custody continue Greek economy close to collapse as food and medicine run short. France charges soldier over Burkina child sex abuse World Health Organization recognises Cuba as first country to eliminate mothertobaby transmission of HIV Russian President Vladimir Putin called for dialogue based on equal treatment and mutual respect with the United States on Saturday in a congratulatory message to President Barack Obama marking U.S. Independence Day. Over Hundred ISIS militants killed in Aleppo in one day by Syrian Army Amnesty International Surveillance exploding in Europe This dome in the Pacific houses tons of radioactive waste  and its leaking Iceland's Pirate Party Wins Repeal Of Blasphemy Law Wikileaks founder Julian Assange rejects claims that he sought political asylum in France The month of June saw 677 murders in El Salvador, more than in any other single month since the end of the country's civil war Wikileaks Reveals Secret Texts from TiSA Trade Deal | Wikileaks has released the secret April 2015 draft core text of the Trade in Services Agreement (TiSA) Signs of Water Ice Detected on Comet Surface  The Rosetta spacecraft, currently orbiting Comet 67P/ChuryumovGerasimenko, has spotted 120 bright, reflective spots on the surface of the comet, for which water ice is a plausible explanation Another polio case confirmed in Balochistan Glasgow says 'Oxi' Hundreds demonstrate in solidarity with Greek 'No' vote ISIL vows to demolish the pyramids and the sphinx amid wave of attacks on Egyptian forces Report 45 ISIS fighters die after eating 'poisoned' iftar meal 'Hackers' give orders to German missile battery  Germanowned Patriot missiles stationed in Turkey were briefly taken over by hackers ISIS has cut off water supplies to the Mesopotamia Marshlands after capturing dams along the Euphrates River destroying wildlife and the livelihoods of the local people. Over two dozen people with ties to Indias $1billion exam scam have died mysteriously in recent months No alien life on Philae comet A sensational claim that ESAs Philae spacecraft has landed on a comet teeming with life doesnt hold water Peshmerga stop 600strong ISIS attack south of Kirkuk Hackers steal data from a company that...hacks people and sells hacking software to governments. Two women on trial in Morocco on charges of gross indecency for wearing skirts Cleric said to be behind Tunisian beach massacre is living on benefits in Britain 'Beach body ready' advert not offensive, rules watchdog A weightloss product advert featuring a bikiniclad model asking Are you beach body ready? was not offensive or irresponsible, the watchdog has ruled. Thousands March in Toronto, Urge Canada to Turn Away From a Fossil Fuel Economy Hundreds of members of the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community filed an unprecedented request Tuesday with the Japan Federation of Bar Associations (JFBA) in a bid to legalize samesex marriages, saying Japans failure to recognize the practice constitutes a violation of human rights. As many as 50 women have described harrowing tales of abuse they allegedly suffered while students at a Sydney girls' college, one claiming she was raped in the school's sandstone dungeon. Egyptians lambast 'ugly' new Nefertiti statue  Unveiling of an ugly copy of a famously beautiful bust of Queen Nefertiti causes Egyptians to mock authorities as well as current state of art in country. 48 hours to keep Greece in euro Koreas first ever equal marriage lawsuit has begun Greece will not be getting any more cash from the ECB Greece arrives at Eurogroup meeting with no new proposals or requests AUSTRALIA Fast food giant McDonald's has introduced new menu boards that make it harder to see and compare the calories in its products, disappointing health advocates and potentially breaching food labelling laws. Greeces growing political and economic problems have its small neighbor Macedonia sensing an opportunity to push hard for joining NATO, a move that has been stalled for years thanks to Athens opposition because of disputes over Macedonias name. Explosives stolen from French army base At least 14 killed in Kenya attack on a residential building. Russians Rally in Support of U.S. Teacher Sentenced for Sex With Teens Twentytwo years for a woman who helped three mature male students start their adult lives. A massive airstrike by the Saudiled coalition targeting rebels hit a local marketplace in Yemen, killing over 45 civilians on Monday, security officials and eyewitnesses said. Egypt killed 241 Sinai militants in five days, army says Official Greeks say NO to austerity measures An Australian Mafia boss allegedly paid $2.2 million in bribes to NSW judges to get lighter jail sentences, topsecret police intelligence reports reveal. Israeli Arab teachers arrested for joining ISIS, attempted to recruit children Australian Minister Gay Marriage Could Damage Our Cattle Exports 16yearold Amos Yee sentenced to 4 weeks jail for posting video in which he called late Singaporean PM Lee Kuan Yew a horrible person London is the worlds leading city for laundering drug money South African rail association orders $300m of trains that don't fit local railway lines The majority of children living in areas of Gaza hardesthit during last year's conflict are showing signs of severe emotional distress and trauma, including frequent bed wetting and nightmares, a global children's charity said on Monday. One of the world's biggest banks just admitted bitcoin could destroy existing finance firms Uber does not require a licence because its smartphone app does not accept calls, a Superior Court judge ruled. A Soviet double spy, who secretly defected to Britain 30 years ago this month, has revealed for the first time the details of his exfiltration by British intelligence in 1985. Oleg Gordievsky was one of the highest Soviet intelligence defectors to the West in the closing stages of the Cold War. Greek Finance Minister announces shock resignation. Iraqi warplane accidentally bombs Baghdad Nucleararmed rivals Pakistan and India will start the process of joining a security bloc led by China and Russia at a summit in Russia later this week, a senior Chinese diplomat said on Monday, the first time the grouping has expanded since it was set up in 2001. Greek crisis more than $30bn wiped off Australian stock market after no vote Philae comet could be home to alien life, say top scientists  Features of the comet, named 67P/ChuryumovGerasimenko, such as its organicrich black crust, are most likely explained by the presence of living organisms beneath an icy surface Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) will launch its heaviest ever commercial mission on July 10. ISRO will be launching five British satellites, which weigh nealry 1440 kg, from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre (SDSC) in Sriharikota. In Afghanistan, Canada and other donor countries may have paid for socalled ghost schools that don't even exist. China rolls out emergency measures to prevent stock market crash Hacking Team hit by breach; leak suggests it sold spyware to oppressive regimes 8.9 million get addicted to drugs every year in Pakistan German calls for Grexit mount as EU stunned by 'No' vote The city of Jos has been hit by two explosions believed to have been the work of Boko Haram. The attacks, which killed at least 44, followed an early suicide bombing at a church in another part of the country. North Korea has carried out 1,400 public executions since 2000, report claims The Turkish army has called a meeting of troop commanders stationed along its fortified border with Syria to discuss a possible intervention in Syria Cuba first to eliminate mothertobaby HIV transmission World Health Organization hails 'one of the greatest public health achievements possible', five years into regional initiative Australia's largest woodlands 'will not be protected if it prevents mining'  Any sort of recognition which would put constraints on mining would be absolutely devastating, Western Australia mining minister Bill Marmion says Greece becomes first developed nation to default on international obligations Hillary Clinton was repeatedly pressured by Cherie Blair to meet a leading Qatari royal during her time as US secretary of state, according to newly released emails that raise fresh questions about the lobbying activities of all three political families. The Islamic State has expanded its reach to Russia after it declared a governorate in the country's North Caucasus region last week. Russia shuts off gas supply to Ukraine Australian Border Force Act could see immigration detention centre workers jailed for whistleblowing  anyone working at detention centres who reports on child abuse, sexual assault or other abuse can be imprisoned for two years All children with cancer to be given free health care cards, starting tomorrow [ireland] Cameron reaffirms there will be no safe spaces from UK government snooping Puerto Rico sales tax to increase by 4andahalf percent after US refuses bail out. U.S. and Cuba to announce embassy openings President Obama announces Havana embassy opening Norway wants $5.1m from Catholic church for fraud Australia Victorian state to ban smoking in all prisons, riots break out Terror attack in West Bank Four Israelis wounded in shooting. This is 6th terror attack in 10 days of Ramadan The Intercept publishes 48 topsecret and other classified documents about XKEYSCORE which shed new light on the breadth, depth and functionality of this critical spy system  one of the largest releases yet of documents provided by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden. India reduces open defecation by 31 per cent UN report Secret IMF documents Austerity measures would still leave Greece with unsustainable debt. Secret documents show Greece would face an unsustainable level of debt by 2030 even if it signs up to the full package of tax and spending reforms demanded of it. The US Navy is testing a submarine hunting drone ship Humans causing catastrophic ecosystem shifts, study finds Up to 60 Soldiers Killed In Egypts North Sinai by ISIS Affiliated Militants Australian asylum seeker detention staff challenge government to prosecute them under new draconian secrecy law despite threats of imprisonment, standing by; watching child abuse and gross violations of human rights is not ethically justifiable Hamas claims responsibility for West Bank attack. The Great Barrier Reef will not be listed as endangered but will remain under watch, UNESCO has ruled. In a Bid to Modernize its Railways India will invest $120 billion in it over the next five years. Wikileaks cable reveals U.S. conspired to retaliate against European nations if they resisted GMOs

 Latin American countries recognize the Palestinian state China's first known stealth aircraft just emerged from a secret development program and was undergoing highspeed taxi tests late last week at Chengdu Aircraft Design Institute's airfield. Said to be designated J20, it is larger than most observers expectedpointing to long range . . . loads. 2011 arrives around the world.  The Big Picture WikiLeaks hackers say Zim websites shut down  Cyber activists say they have brought down Zimbabwean government websites after the president's wife sued a newspaper for publishing a WikiLeaks cable linking her with illicit diamond trading. Bomb hits Egypt church at New Year's Mass, 7 dead
 YouTube Legally Considered a TV Station In Italy  Silvio Berlusconi mad at Google  obligation to publish corrections within 48 hours  obligation not to broadcast content inappropriate for children  AND legally responsible of all published content AP Interview Abbas says recognitions hit Israel  These recognitions of a Palestinian state [by Brazil, Argentina and Ecuador] will help us to convince the Israelis on the necessity to reach a twostate solution, said Abbas. Former Marxist guerrilla sworn in as president of Brazil Dilma Rousseff is Brazil's first female president The resentencing of Russia's No.1 dissident, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, wasn't unexpected, but the sheer brazenness of it is a striking and dangerous sign of bad things to come. German exports are tipped to reach a record high in 2011, with the country's main trade association forecasting sales abroad should crash through the 1 trillion barrier for the first time. Deadly blast outside Egypt church  
 
At least 21 people are killed in an attack on a Christian church in the northern Egyptian city of Alexandria. Halfnaked female inmate hanged from north Mexico overpass The Top 14 Astronomy Pictures of 2010 out of thousands of incredible images of the sky are taken from worldwide observatories on the ground and in space, from spacecraft, and from amateur astronomers. Protests rallies prevent changes to Pakistan's blasphemy law Stops bill seeking to eliminate the death penalty, criminalize incitement, and penalize false accusations Expats' 'Daily Show'style VOA program enthralls Iranians, irks their government Dilma Rousseff, first woman to be president in Brazil takes power Explosions hit two Egyptian Orthodox Churches Ivory Coast president refuses phone call from Barack Obama Ivory Coast is on the brink of genocide End human rights imperialism now | guardian.co.uk  Humanrights organisations wrong to demand all governments pursue liberal western values.  Japan population shrinks by record in 2010

Deaths in Japan swell to new high in 2010 as population shrinks for fourth straight year

 Estonians began using euro bills and coins on January 1. Many in the small Baltic country have seen currencies come and go over the past decades and have mixed feelings about yet another currency change.
  This Year, Change Your Mind  
Make a newyear resolution to stay mentally fit. Learn a language. Take up beekeeping. Anything to keep your mind active, engaged, flexible and playful. Brain has amazing capacity to grow and adapt, even late in life.   The Guardian Egypt bomb kills new year churchgoers | World news | guardian.co.uk Eightyearold dies after being boiled alive
 Meditating Portuguese actor mistaken for terrorist on Paris plane. He was released after 6 hrs of questioning during which police watched videos of him on the Internet showing that he is a theater and television actor, and checked his profile on Wikipedia, which states that he is a Buddhist. North Korean scientist flees to Finland with gigabytes of data on inhumane experiments with biochemical weapons, will testify before European parliament later this month Blasphemy decriminalised in Iceland. A bill submitted by the Pirate Party in aftermath of Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris approved in Icelandic parliament today. Germany Police confiscate WW2 tank hidden in cellar Kurds intent on carving new state out of Iraq after ISIS fight whether the US likes it or not The House of Councilors in Japan passed a bill into law on Friday allowing companies to obtain patents on inventions by their employees  more than a decade after Nobel Prize winner Shuji Nakamura launched a lawsuit against his company over the invention of the blue lightemitting diode. 260,000 Austrians sign EU exit petition, forcing referendum debate in parliament Japans population fell 271,058 in 2014, the biggest drop on record and the sixth straight year of decline, to 126.16 million, according to the internal affairs ministry census released July 1 also showed that 25.90 percent of the population were 65 years old or older. Talk show host, guest to be tried for insulting Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah Russian Progress rocket takes off to resupply ISS  CNN.com Doctors Without Borders temporarily closes Afghan hospital after special forces raid German WindtoHydrogen Plant Takes CarFuel Battle to Tesla Greece debt crisis IMF calls for 20year grace period before debt repayments FIFA President Sepp Blatter says anyone who calls him corrupt should be sent to jail. IS says it destroyed archaeological pieces from Palmyra India is now a $2trillion economy World Bank report Thai navy approves US$1.1b plan to buy submarines from China Rainbow flag on West Bank barrier touches nerve for Palestinians Shaken by executions, North Korean officials are using overseas posts as points of defection Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak had close to US$700 million (448.55 million pounds) in deposits from troubled state fund 1MDB wired into his personal account. Rocket from Sinai explodes in southern Israel  Israeli officials believe launch came from Egyptian peninsula China's tycoons lose $45 billion as stock market tumbles Namibian Government 'strongly considering' Basic Income 30 Infected Lab Monkeys Freed from Facility in Puerto Rico In major crackdown, Palestinian forces arrest dozens of Hamas men in W. Bank Saudi prince to give away $32bn. He said he had been inspired by the Gates Foundation, set up by Bill and Melinda Gates in 1997. The money would be used to foster cultural understanding, empower women, and provide vital disaster relief, among other things, he said. BP fined $18.7bn for Deepwater Horizon oil spull New Zealand passes law making it punishable by fine or jail time for causing emotional distress on the Internet China says retired officials can be punished for pollution. Even officials who have retired will be held accountable and punished for pollution which occurred under their watch, state media said on Wednesday after a government meeting chaired by President Xi Jinping. Leaked TPP paper shows US pushing drug company rights Spanish Government passes Gag Law, restricting rights to assembly, free speech, and implementing possible individual fines anywhere from 100 up to 600,000 for protesting, despite widespread opposition from the Spanish people and EU governments. Syrian Christian leader tells West 'Stop arming terror groups who are massacring our people' Egypt Officially Announces State Of War First Muslim Gay Imam Says Quran Doesnt Call for Punishment of Homosexuals U.S. seeks FIFA officials' extradition from Switzerland  CNN.com The humanitarian aid aboard a recent flotilla to Gaza fit in two cardboard boxes. Honduras' Supreme Court has ordered the arrest of the vice president of Congress and 15 other people accused of defrauding the country's health care system in a corruption scandal that has sparked large street protests. Wow, pulled back wrong throttle  Exact quote recorded in February 2015 from the captain of the crashed TransAsia plane. Greece defaults. WikiLeaks Publishes More Docs Revealing Saudi Connection Against Syria And US | According to docs, a secret treaty among Qatar, Turkey and Saudi Arabia shows they intended to overthrow the Syrian government; Western powers like France, Britain and the US were also involved in the secret agreement Australia must cut carbon emissions by 30% by 2025, says Climate Change Authority  Government also urged to sign up to further cuts of 4060% by 2030 ahead of Paris climate talks, in effort to catch up to other countries US Reportedly Blocks Arab Allies' Attempts to Deliver Weapons to Kurds GCHQ spied on Amnesty International, tribunal tells group in email We can't print drachmas, says Greece's finance minister With speculation swirling that Greece might be forced out of the euro and have to print its own money after a weekend referendum, its finance minister on Thursday said the country no longer had the presses to make drachmas. Merkel admitted in 2011 Greek debt unsustainable Sir Nicholas Winton Dies at age 106. He saved 669 children from the nazis by sneaking them into the UK. An Afghan appeals court has quashed death sentences imposed on four men for their part in the mob killing of a young woman in Kabul in March. Farkhunda Malikzada was attacked at an Islamic shrine after being falsely accused of burning a copy of the Koran. 74 children executed by ISIS for 'crimes' that include refusal to fast, report says Syria's main Kurdish party warned Turkey on Wednesday that any military intervention would threaten international peace and said the country's main Kurdish militia is ready to face any aggression. Varoufakis Says Hell Quit as Finance Minister After a Yes 2 Chinese poachers jailed 30 yrs for slaughtering 226 elephants Tigers 'starved to death' to make $500 aphrodisiac wine with their bones. Growing demand has led to an increase in tiger farming, even extending to neighboring Laos and Vietnam. Video of weeping Indian goes viral, Saudi government jails him for 'spread of misinformation' U.N. says Saudiled bombing of Yemen market may be international crime A cyber crime expert has disappeared after talking to police and the media about an attempted $951 million cyber heist from Bangladesh's central bank, his wife said on Sunday Norway's healthcare ministry on Friday proposed allowing people to legally change their gender without the need for any surgery, hormone treatment or sterilisation, a move hailed by Amnesty International. U.S. soldier killed in Islamic State rocket attack in northern Iraq, military says South Korea Forms Spartan 3000 Unit To Attack North Korea In Case Of Contingency China on yellow alert as heavy pollution chokes several cities EmmyWinning Iraq Polls May Have Been Tainted By Fabrication, Researchers Say The U.S. company in charge of data collection threatened to sue if researchers disclosed their findings. Turkey blames Islamic State for Istanbul bombing Paris attacker Salah Abdeslam 'backed out of blowing himself up', changed his mind at the last minute. Soyuz capsule blasts off toward space station | A Russian rocket has blasted off from Kazakhstan, carrying three crewmen bound for the International Space Station (ISS). The crew is aboard for a sixmonth mission. Hong Kong Students Call for Territorys Independence From China Scarlet fever Oncefeared Victorian disease infecting 100s of children a week in England  Illness associated with the Victorian era now back for no apparent reason for its return. Symptoms include rash, sore throat, flushed cheeks, swollen tongue & a pinkish red rash on the chest & stomach. Suspicious pizza order 'led police to Paris attack mastermind's hideout' at Brussels flat Caribbean nations are at the vanguard of international efforts to eliminate plastic waste On April 1, a ban on Styrofoam products will come into force in Guyana. Dominica is working on banning Styrofoam this year, too. Antigua and Barbuda is hoping to phase out plastic bags by July. Russia to Allow Morocco to Train Russian Imams in Attempt to Stop Spread of Extremism Tasmania abandons World Heritage Area logging plans on UNESCO advice Canada expands sanctions over Russias stance on Ukraine Mexico governor floats idea of medical opium growing to reduce drug violence Chinese military space station in remote Argentina shrouded in mystery Russia's new disability rules prompt outrage as 500,000 lose benefits Exiled Tibetans vote to elect political leader to succeed Dalai Lama More than 100 women from the leftwing movement Marcha Patriotica took over one of the main cathedrals in the Colombian capital Bogota Saturday, demanding that the Catholic church condemn the violence against activists in the country. Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam shot and wounded in Brussels antiterror raid Passenger Boeing From Dubai Crashes in Rostov On Don Russia Those guilty of insulting Vladimir Putin face six years in prison under proposed law 'Shots fired' in new Brussels raids. British Prime Minister David Cameron will postpone publication of the Iraq war inquiry report until after the European Union referendum, leading to accusations that he is deliberately delaying controversial announcements. Heinrich Himmler's stash of books on witchcraft is discovered in Czech library after being hidden for 50 years Australia No jail for mum and midwife found guilty of female genital mutilation of young girls US Military Personnel To Be Punished For Bombing Doctors Without Borders Hospital In Afghanistan  I can tell you those individuals most closely associated with it are suspended from duties & referred for administrative action. spokesman for US central command. France moves towards full ban on pesticides blamed for bee losses Security Researcher goes missing after investigating Bangladesh bank cyberheist  Zoha met with a friend at 1130 PM on Wednesday night, March 16. While coming home, a jeep pulled in front of their autorickshaw, and men separated the two, putting them in two different cars Vatican Will Replace Archbishop Who Set Up Kim Davis Meeting With Pope UK Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has resigned citing pressure to make cuts to disability benefits. It comes after mounting controversy over 4bn of planned cuts to Personal Independence Payments, expected to affect 640,000 people US officials 1 North Korean missile blew up shortly after launch Pentagon chief Obama wants to defeat ISIS by end of his term Turkey Academics Jailed For Signing Petition Brazil judge strips Lula of office amid mounting political crisis. Supreme court justice Gilmar Mendes says Lulas appointment appeared designed to prevent him being charged with corruption. Assisted Dying Canada First Person In Ontario To Get Legal Permission Dies Former UN official accuses world body of 'colossal mismanagement' The Saudi Coalition Killed More Than 100 Civilians in a Yemeni Market, Says the UN Australia's emissions rising and vastly underestimated, says report. Land clearing surge in Queensland since 2012 could create emissions roughly equal to those saved by the federal governments emissions reduction scheme Toothfish poaching vessel Viking blown up by Indonesian authorities As recession bites and land disputes hit Brazil's agricultural heartland, indigenous people face land grabs and assaults by violent gangs. .TauliCorpuz called for immediate measures to be taken to protect indigenous leaders, 138 of whom were killed in 2014 Denisovan DNA Found in Pacific IslandersThey've traces of it from Neanderthals & Denisovans, the only species of archaic humans we know less from fossil evidence & more how their genes show up in modern humans. So far, their DNA has only been found in those from Oceania. Brazil Supreme Court Justice Blocks ExPresident Lula's Cabinet Appointment Bahrain Alarming spike in expulsion of citizens arbitrarily stripped of their nationality FIFA admits to World Cup hosting bribes, asks U.S. for return of money President Erdogan wants to change definition of terrorist to include journalists and politicians North Korea Sentences US Tourist to 15 Years in Prison The world's first solar airport no longer pays for electricity; 45 acres of panels supply approximately 50,000 kilowatt hours Argentina sinks Chinese vessel, cites illegal fishing Puppy frozen in time for 12,400 years is thawed by scientists in remarkable footage Germany bans neoNazi group, carries out sweeping raids Denmark world's happiest country, Burundi least new report shows Israel seizes 234 hectares of West Bank land Netherlands votes to ban weapons exports to Saudi Arabia NSW, Australia Anticoal seam gas protesters could be jailed for seven years under laws described as a crackdown on democratic rights More than 40 civilians killed in Yemen market by Saudiled coalition air strike, health officials say Chinese website publishes, then pulls, explosive letter calling for President Xis resignation Rescuers Female suicide bombers kill 22 at Nigerian mosque Pakistan cricket captain Shahid Afridi accused of treason for suggesting his team gets a warmer welcome in India Blood Lions documentary exposes controversial canned lion hunting industry in South Africa within which captivebred, often handreared lions are placed in enclosed spaces on private hunting reserves guaranteeing a kill for a trophy hunter for $50,000 A powerful Syrian Kurdish political party is planning to declare a federal region in northern Syria, a model it hopes can be applied to the entire country NASA will intentionally start a fire on a cargo ship in space Saudi Arabialed coalition kills 41 civilians in strike on market in Yemen 400,000yearold fossils from Spain provide earliest genetic evidence of Neandertals Belgian police hunt gunman after Brussels antiterror raid  Shots fired during raid on house by officers investigating Novembers terrorist attacks in Paris Canadian woman who successfully sued province for wrongful sterilization when she was a teen dies. Brazil's expresident Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is likely to accept a position in his successor's cabinet, according to media reports, in order to protect himself from prosecution in a corruption case involving the staterun oil company, Petrobras. British academic detained in Turkey accused of 'making terrorist propaganda' Saudi Arabia 'planning Natolike military alliance of Muslim states' Italy changes law to make all supermarkets give unsold food to needy Putin orders most troops out of Syria Google's AlphaGo AI beats Lee Sedol again to win Go series 41 Israeli hiker finds 2,000yearold gold coin  the second of its kind to ever be found The coin, from the year A.D. 107, bears the image of Augustus, the first emperor of the Roman Empire. It was minted as part of a series of coins honoring Roman rulers. 'Shootout' during Brussels raid  following antiterror raid Mother Teresa to be made a saint, Pope Francis announces Two Canadian Soldiers Stabbed in Toronto, Possible Terrorist Act China will release water from a dam in its southwestern province of Yunnan to help alleviate a drought in parts of Southeast Asia, including Vietnam. Turkey's Erdogan wants to broaden definition of terrorists to include supporters Citing the murder of Indian journalist Karun Misra, UN Secretary General Ban Kimoon said every time a journalist is killed anywhere in the world and the press is silenced, the rule of law and democracy get weaker. Iran's legal vetting body has approved a bill that will see female victims of road traffic accidents paid the same compensation as men, in a small step toward gender equality in the conservative Islamic country. Drug Cartels Are Taking Over the Tortilla Business in Mexico Prison Officer in Belfast bomb attack dies. Attack claimed by the New IRA Military 'invisibility cloaks' could breach Geneva conventions Royal Brunei Airlines' first allfemale pilot crew lands plane in Saudi Arabia  where women are not allowed to drive Macedonia sends back refugees who pushed their way in Shipwreck Discovered from Explorer Vasco da Gama's Fleet A 16thcentury shipwreck found off an island in Oman is the earliestknown example from Europe's Golden Age of Exploration Damning report reveals Church of England's failure to act on abuse Whistleblower lawsuit says there is evidence Volkswagen deleted documents for three days after initial EPA allegations [India] From 1050 Tonnes Of Plastic Garbage A Day To Zero Bangalore To Introduce Plastic Ban Extreme temperatures in Brazil are causing desertification and drought in certain parts of the country, threatening the lives of over 35 million people. Since 2012, more than 1,000 municipalities have asked the federal government for help to deal with the extreme drought. New dinosaur species in tyrannosaur family discovered February breaks global temperature records by 'shocking' amount Antarcticas ice is being carved up from below  The warm ocean water thats undermining West Antarctica from below may also be weakening its ice shelves. It appears to be slowly carving deep channels into their bases, cavities ranging from 50 to 250 meters in vertical extent. Iran says US court order on 9/11 compensation 'ridiculous' TTIP secrecy around talks is 'profoundly undemocratic', MPs say. A German MP said she was given only two hours to read 300 pages China's 'Manmade' sun produces longest plasma pulse at 50 million degrees One of the worlds largest advertising agencies has been accused of helping Saudi Arabia whitewash its record on human rights following the kingdoms largest mass execution for more than 30 years. Brazilian judge blocks appointment of exleader Lula as chief of staff, hours after he was sworn in to the post Ukraine tears down giant Lenin statue, live on YouTube Obama Sends Letter on the First Mail Flight to Cuba in More Than 50 Years Scientists discover secret chambers in the Tomb of King Tut. Scan reveals the chamber contains metallic and organic material which archaeologist Nicholas Reeves believes could be the remains, and possible grave goods, of Queen Nefertiti. Pizzeria owner who tried to recruit for ISIS gets 22 years Russian Sanctions to Remain Until Crimea Returned to Ukraine  U.S. February shatters heat records. Worldwide, February was warmer than 125 of the last 136 Marches, when temperature records first started being kept. TTIP Big business & US to have major say in EU trade deals, leak reveals  Exclusive Document obtained by campaign group shows legislation will be influenced before it reaches European Parliament German Spy Found Guilty of Treason and Sentenced to 8 Years for Selling Classified Documents to CIA North Korea Releases Footage of 21YearOld Captive's 'Crime Against the State' Cameroon sentences 89 Boko Haram members to death. First terror related death sentences since new law passed in 2014 allowing it. Invasion of the American lobsters Sweden asks EU for help  Swedish environment ministry says Maine lobster could wipe out European species with deadly diseases Italy Will Adopt New Law Requiring All Unsold Food to Be Donated to the Needy Ebola outbreak Guinea confirms two new cases The Saudi Aramco Oil Company now owns 100% of the biggest refinery in the US. The US Postal Service has restored direct mail to Cuba Scientists find evidence that Alzheimers lost memories may one day be recoverable. ISIS claims to have killed five Russian soldiers near Palmyra, displays captured bodies Chinese City Publicly Shames Migrant Workers Who Protested Unpaid Wages EU calls for more countries to impose sanctions over Crimea Japan strongly condemns North Korea's missile launch  PM Abe Gay sex not a crime, says RSS, raises hopes of govt rethink  Times of India US State Dept declares ISIS is committing genocide in Iraq, Syria Brazilian Federal Police releases tapped phone call between Rousseff and Lula Muslimmajority Pakistan set to declare Holi, Diwali and Easter as public holidays in a landmark decision Russia reveals plans for 2018 test of nuclear engine that could get cosmonauts to Mars in six weeks Feel Free To Leave India, Says Government to Monsanto In GM Cotton Row Hiking on New Zealand glaciers banned because of rapid melting. Fox and Franz Josef glaciers have been melting at such a rapid rate that it has become too dangerous for tourists to hike onto them from the valley floor, ending a tradition that dates back a century. More than a dozen U.S. military personnel have been disciplined  but face no criminal charges  for mistakes that led to the bombing of a Doctors Without Borders hospital that killed 42 people in Afghanistan last year Nigerian lawmakers voted down a women equality bill citing the Bible and Sharia law The Kurds Are Planning to Declare Their Own Autonomous Region in Syria Protests erupt in Brazil after Lula appointed minister Syrian Kurds declare federal region in the north Brazil's Lula takes Cabinet post in bid to save Rousseff Coke, Pepsi plan to fight Montreal on a possible plastic water bottle ban The Vatican is replacing its controversial ambassador to the U.S., who arranged the meeting between Pope Francis and antigay Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis last fall. Dugong mother and calf found chained in ocean cage [Israel] Knesset pushes stiff limits for bank CEOs' pay  would limit CEO pay to NIS 2.5 million ($641,000) a year, or 35 times the salary of the lowestpaid worker, whichever is lower. Russian Military 'Killed No Civilians In Syria', Ambassador Alexander Yakovenko Says Australian golden orb spider blows over the Tasman Sea to land in a New Zealand town Drug cartels are taking over the tortilla business in Mexico Magnitude 2.2 artificial quake detected in N. Korea Migrants arriving on Greek islands to be sent back to Turkey within days if deal goes through US urges immediate release of student sentenced to hard labor in North Korea 2 out of 3 Indians drink milk laced with detergent, urea and paint Ukraine could be a month away from becoming the only country in the world without protection from polio because of delays in licensing a new vaccine, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO). New North Korea sanctions issued by President Obama U.S. says North Korean submarine missing AlphaGo beats Lee Sedol again to take Google DeepMind Challenge series Turkey's President Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday a constitutional court ruling that led to the release of two detained newspaper editors was a step against the country and warned the court that repeating such actions could bring its very existence into question. Irans Supreme Leader We Must Have Relations With Whole World, Except America and Zionist Regime Before her murder, Honduran activist Berta Cceres singled out the former U.S. Secretary of State for criticism of her support for the Honduran military coup government. US zoos secretly fly 18 elephants out of Swaziland ahead of court challenge 'You've completely failed' angry Macedonia tells Berlin Russia minister Rio Olympics ban would be 'no tragedy' 'Distracted' David Cameron helped turn Libya into a 'mess', Barack Obama says More than 8m UK adults have problem debt.8.2 million adults, or 16.1% of the population, live with problem debt  with younger adults, larger families, single parents and renters particularly at risk. Former Latin American leaders urge world to end war on drugs 'disaster'  Former presidents of Brazil, Colombia and Mexico write oped on outdated drug policies and denounce UN for secrecy ahead of special assembly on drugs. Paris attackers 'named in IS files' Ten Years  the Hong Kong movie, that Beijing wants obscured, disappears from cinemas Zimbabwe's Mugabe Goes Missing After Cancelled India Trip Ethics watchdog for Norway's $830 bln wealth fund sees increase in bans on firms.Most of the corruption cases come from the industry studies within defence, telecoms and energy. Those three (sectors) seem to keep us very busy, Arab League officially designates Hezbollah 'terrorist' organization UK supermarket giant Tesco to give all its leftover food to charity by 2017 EasyJet flight aborted after passenger spots spanner wedged into wing China Will Build an Extensive Port City in Sri Lankas Capital Canadas unemployment rate creeps up to 7.3% in February Food labelling and product safety laws in jeopardy under TPP says Choice Irish call for reunification poll should British leave EU ISIS declares war on UAE, reports Report Turkish Airstrikes in Iraq Kill 67 PKK Militants Turkey provides Kurdistan Region with $200 million emergency fund The robots sent into Fukushima have died. As soon as they get close to the reactors, the radiation destroys their wiring and renders them useless, South Sudan lets fighters rape women in place of wages UN China Has Unblocked Internet Searches That Refer to Kim Jong Un As a Pig Prof Stephen Hawking and 150 other scientists have called for Britain to stay in the EU, saying that a Brexit would be a disaster for UK science. It is outrageous to describe people who are worried about the impact of migration as racist, Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has said Scientists have found a species of bacteria that eats the type of plastic found in most disposable water bottles. The discovery could lead to new methods to manage the more than 50 million tons of this particular type of plastic produced globally each year. Spelling mistake prevented hackers taking $1bn in bank heist Former Putin aide died of 'blunt force trauma' NightFlying Drones Fight Poachers in Africa  unmanned aerial drones to expose illegal hunting and help reestablish stability in the tourism industry, gravely impacted by the deaths of wild animals. Mikhail Lesin, ExPutin Aide And RT CoFounder Died Of Blunt Force Injuries To The Head Myanmar is quietly experiencing its largest uprising in years Report Abbas rejected new U.S. peace initiative presented by Biden China strongly rejected U.S.led criticism of its human rights record at the U.N. Human Rights Council, saying the United States was hypocritical and guilty of crimes. The U.S. is notorious for prison abuse at Guantanamo prison, its gun violence is rampant, racism is its deeprooted malaise India cuts Monsanto cotton seed royalties despite threat to quit Gas pipeline from Israel to Jordan to begin operating in 2017 Carbon dioxide levels 'exploded' last year to reach record highs not seen since end of Ice Age, scientists warn.The last time there was such a sustained increase in carbon dioxide concentrations was at the end of the last Ice Age, between 17,000 and 11,000 years ago. The first comparison of foetal abnormalities between Zikapositive and Zikanegative pregnant women has been published. Of those who tested positive, abnormalities were detected in 29% of foetuses. No abnormalities were detected among women without the virus. Zerohour contracts banned in New Zealand Russia plans to close U.N. rights office in Moscow 57 Different Pesticides Found In Poisoned Honeybees Fossil fuels 'probably dead,' says Canadian Pacific Railway's CEO Gujarat Nuclear Plant Shut Down After Major Leak, All Workers Safe Manitoba First Nation declares state of emergency over suicide epidemic  6 suicides in 2 months, 140 attempts in last 2 weeks. Finnish farmers protest new legislations by driving over 300 tractors to Helsinki Senate Square. Refugee crisis Balkan route 'permanently' shut  Minister says refugees should not be fed false expectations, as thousands are stuck in squalid conditions in Greek camp.