 Current Tunisian govt in State of Emergency after days of protests by students due to unemployment, limited freedoms, inflation. Live rounds fired at protesters. 'Revolution' started after an unemployed student burned himself to death in an act of protest. Lets get this story more air time. Australian floods Why were we so surprised? Meteorologists warned Australians six months ago to prepare for a soaking. And nobody did a thing ... Chinese authorities begin to implement new controls on the content of phone text messages ...  lists emerge showing hundreds of banned keywords, including democracy, human rights, and telling the truth  A wounded fox shot its would be killer in Belarus by pulling the trigger on the hunter's gun as the pair scuffled This is how we do it in Australia. From Algeria to Tunisia to Jordan, the Arab world's discontent is turning into REVOLT! Don't ignore them!  A new danger is stalking Australian flood victims  bull Sharks are swimming the city streets In India, 96.5% kids go to school  a big step towards universal elementary education Report Belarusian mobile operators ratted out demonstrators to police  Gave geo locations This WikiLeaked cable helped spark Tunisia's revolution, yet U.S. vice president calls Assange a terrorist Berlusconi now placed under official legal investigation on suspicion of sex with underage prostitute and of abusing his position to pressure the police. Potential sentence 15 years in jail.  The Wikileak that made Tunisians so upset... Tonight we are all Tunisians. It was the final 
testament to the brutality of a dictator who has had 
the support of European leaders and various 
presidents of the United States. Israel has it's own Rally to restore sanity. In peril   the Arab status quo  A dictators fall in Tunisia resounds in a region full of governments that dont work. Bangladesh arrests leader behind 'beggar amputees' Jordanians march against inflation Thousands vent anger in Amman and other cities against government's
inability to rein in prices and poverty. Tunisia Will revolt spread in North Africa? Iraqi soldier guns down two US troops in Mosul drill Google criminally charged for illegally collecting private information
 More censorship in Venezuela The Dalits of india are building a temple in the honor of English language they believe it can liberate them from the oppressions of the caste system Tunisias president toppled by Twitter Revolution (and he fled into the arms of The House of Saud, never ones to turn their back on a maleficent despot in need, like Idi Amin, who spent the remainder of his years in Jedda after a career that featured slaying 100,000 Ugandans) Ghana  600 Liberian women refugees stage Naked protest to express their unwillingness to integrate into the Ghanaian society...demand resettlement into US and $1000 instead of the $100 given to them by the UN refugee agency HCR BP and Russia strike up an Arctic oil deal. Norwegians provoked by Fox News' coverage of 
terrorism Linking is not a crime Czech Pirate Party declares war on Big Content  How Germany plans to succeed in a nuclear free, lowcarbon economy Relatives of bananaplantation workers, political and social activists, and other civilians killed by Colombian paramilitary forces may sue Chiquita over claims of torture, extrajudicial killings, war crimes and crimes against humanity, a federal judge ruled 5 metric tons of cocaine discovered aboard sunken narcosub off Honduras Peter Svaar from Norway's broadcaster NRK was one of the first reporters at the scene of the Oslo bomb blast, and describes finding out that it was a former classmate who carried out the attacks Belarus Law Prohibits People From Standing and Doing Nothing  NYTimes.com Future of Egypt thrown into uncertainty All of Turkey's top military commanders resign in protest Mexican police arrest more than 1000 in human trafficking raids Plane crashes at Guyana airport  150 people onboard Mubarak to be tried in Cairo Unraveling the Mystery of Murderous Minds   Prison psychiatrist Theodore Dalrymple asks why we feel compelled to understand monsters like Anders Breivik, but no need to explain others' righteous behavior Vietnam shoe plant fire kills 17 At least 17 people have been killed in a fire at a shoe factory in northern Vietnam, police and local media say. Norway shooting 'The Anders Breivik I knew' Phonehacking British police widen investigations to 
computers World population to hit 7 billion this year Turkish Military Chiefs Step Down En Masse Thousands march in Israel, demanding social change Syrian forces shot dead at least 20 civilians in attacks on prodemocracy demonstrations across the country Friday, the Syrian human rights organization Sawasiah said. Growing Evidence That Libyan Rebels Killed Their Military Chief Hinckley C nuclear power station Work on the UK's first nuclear power station to be built in 20 years has got the green light, but there is still strong opposition
  Irish property crashA massive firesale of 850 properties has been launched by Ireland's bad bank, including pubs in Somerset, apartment blocks in Canary Wharf and hotels in Cork Killed top Libyan Rebel killed by lieutenants  Two Indian soldiers killed in Kashmir border clash Swiss whistleblower to hand over data on hundreds of offshore bank account holders to WikiLeaks
 53% of Germans feel they have no special responsibility towards Israel because of their history South Sudan vote backs secession. We're about to witness the creation of a new nation here folks. No judicial independence in Venezuela Hugo Chavez has judge imprisoned for 30 years for spiritual corruption after she grants bail to a man illegally held without trial for three years Israeli officials fear a 'domino effect' 
Guyana follows 7 Latin American countries in backing Palestinian state. International arrest warrant issued for Qatari Royal family member convicted of sexually abusing girls under 15.... Good luck finding this news in any arab papers Tunisian president's wife fled the country with 1,5 TON GOLD (Le monde, french press) Arrested Pirate Party Member Becomes Tunisian Minister   Th Palestinian Authority is determined to ask the United Nations to declare the settlements illegal, despite USA opposition Why did we never know how rotten Tunisia was?  Berlusconi's harem of 14 women revealed Four Years On, Rupert Murdoch PhoneHacking 
Scandal Is Still Growing Burnings spread to Egypt, Algeria in Tunisia echo
| Reuters Massive protests in Jordan, government on high alert for fears of becoming another Tunisia Killings of newborn babies on the rise in Pakistan The Economist's Lexington on the Arab protests. Undercover police do sleep with the people they are spying on, and I should know, says one woman Russia warns of Iranian Chernobyl' Venezuela has overtaken Saudi Arabia as the world leader in oil reserves Stuxnet virus attack Russia warns of 'Iranian Chernobyl' Mexican Zetas drug cartel is quietly spreading a reign of terror virtually unchallenged, all the way to the Mexican border with Guatemala  and across it.  Haiti JeanClaude 'Baby Doc' Duvalier Returns from Exile  As if things werent bad enough. Ecuador sends Venezuela 5,000 metric tons of crude palm oil using the new Sucre  Virtual Currency WikiLeaks Turkey allowed US 'extraordinary rendition'  Some 24 CIA flights landed at ncirlik airport in southern Turkey between 2002 and 2006 with the knowledge of the Turkish military. Former dictator 'Baby Doc' back in Haiti after 25 years Russia's Murrow moment  Leonid Parfyonov's stunning speech to Russian TV executives in November was ignored by Russian state television, but you can watch it on YouTube. His audience listened in deadpan shock as Parfyonov said out loud what everyone in Russia knows to be the truth. US forces have fired so many bullets in Iraq and Afghanistan  250,000 for every insurgent killed  that US ammunitionmakers cannot keep up with demand. As a result the US is having to import supplies from Israel Sodomy is punishable by death in Saudi Arabia, but gay life flourishes there. Why it is easier to be gay than straight in a society where everyone, homosexual and otherwise, lives in the closet Plane carrying 105 people crashes in Iran 500 lawyers have signed up to defend Pakistan Governor Taseer's killer, but his wife cannot find a single criminal lawyer for prosecution The Royal Family is to be granted absolute protection from public scrutiny in a controversial legal reform. Letters, emails and documents relating to the monarch, her heir and the second in line to the throne will no longer be disclosed even if they are in the public interest.  A trial against six environmental activists has been suddenly dropped after an undercover police officer switched allegiance and offered to testify on their behalf.  BBC  Spain's Basque rebels Eta call 'permanent truce' McCarthyism sweeps through Israel Israeli lawmakers set up committee to investigate human rights groups for unIsraeli activity. Good News for Peace Muslim and Christian, Egyptians stand together against violence Car getting effortlessly washed down the street as a result of the flooding in Queensland, Australia [vid] 60 Minutes Video Bribes or Death in Mexico murder of the mayor of a Mexican city, where powerful drug gangs seem to be giving authorities a choice of silver or lead  join us and we will pay you or don't and we'll kill you.

 WikiLeaks cables confirm US knowledge of Indonesian militarys crimes  Leaked US embassy cables demonstrate that Washington was well aware of ongoing human rights abuses in Papua even as it pursued closer ties with the TNI. In Zimbabwe it's literally cheaper to print on money than paper. So that's exactly what we did. Brazil has warned that the world is on course for a fullblown trade war as it stepped up its rhetoric against exchange rate manipulation. Incredible footage  At least two dead, others missing after Queensland's floods dramatically intensify. Israel academics to boycott college David Burgess the extraordinary life and death of a human rights lawyer  On an autumn evening last October, a slight, pretty woman with a mass of curly hair fell underneath a tube train. Except that she was a man. One of Britain's finest lawyers. And she was pushed. Amazing, compelling story New laser to dazzle pirates on the high seas Massacre in Tunisie Jan, 1 2011 Dozens missing in Toowoomba floods  amazing video of cars washing down streets Pope says sex education an 'attack on religious freedom'  Tunisia closes schools and universities following riots Floods continue to batter Australia  
One person killed and others trapped in cars as Queensland continues to deal with worst flooding in decades German investigators have found excessive levels of cancercausing dioxin in eggs and some chicken meat. Uh, reddit? Brisbane, AU (one of our largest cities) is currently being washed away. Massive floods, death toll rising.  Julian Assange 'faces execution or Guantnamo detention' BREAKING Government troops are killing protesters in Tunisia. [NSFW Very Graphic] How the Arizona Shooting is Being Viewed in Europe symptomatic of a superpower in decline and at the mercy of radical politics. Pakistan will implode if the US does not leave Afghanistan  The continuing US presence in Afghanistan fuels extremism in neighbouring Pakistan.
 North Korea border guards kill five defectors on the Chinese side of their shared border If you're near the Brisbane river, you should be evacuating now. The Great Food Crisis of 2011 10 dead, 78 missing as 'instant tsunami' hits Australia town Is China headed for financial meltdown? China may be losing control of its economy to dubious financial engineering and loan sharks. Photos from flooded Brisbane Clusters of Galaxies containing hundreds of billions of Suns discovered. I'm so impressed by how lucky and special we are that we are able to see so far in the Universe.  Floods in Queensland, Australia now cover over 386,000 Sq Miles; Same size as MT, NM & AZ ... and growing. Banks given goahead to pay unlimited bonuses by UK government Deadly Australian floods spark evacuations in Brisbane Highly venomous snakes threaten Aussie flood victims Daily Telegraph  China a force fit for a superpower. The technology and firepower of the Peoples Liberation Army are growing so fast that observers are no longer curious but concerned. The sea is where the 21st century content for materials and markets will occur. North Korea border guards kill five defectors to China for the first time in years after pursuing them across the frozen river border Cars floating away in Queensland Australia  Flood A karaoke marathon held last week by Icelandic singer Bjrk helped double the signature count on a petition she hopes will lead to a referendum on foreign ownership of Icelandic natural resources Turns out the old man plane disguise case was part of a larger illegal immigrant smuggling operation. Polish cleaner blows the lid on 'dirty' Germans  North Korea's Forgotten Prison Camps   There are an estimated 150,000 to 200,000 people in a total of six concentration camps operated by the government in the central and northeastern areas of the country. British banks cleared to pay unlimited bonuses  Iranian human rights lawyer gets 11year prison term, including 5 years for allegedly appearing in videotaped message without veil West African farmers have succeeded in cutting the use of toxic pesticides, increasing yields and incomes and diversifying farming systems as a result of an international project promoting sustainable farming practices. Sweden 'buying US time' in Assange case  We are hearing that the Swedish are prepared to drop the rape charges against Julian as soon as the Americans demand his extradition, he said, citing sources in Washington and Stockholm. Mexicos Drug War Eliminates a Police Force in Chihuahua Bit by Bit, a Mexican Police Force Is Eradicated 'I'm French, f you!' smoker on flight charged with assault  UK Teacher fired for sledding with students British court eases bail conditions for Wikileaks founder  Assange, who was granted bail for $315,000 on December 14, is now allowed to reside in London and no longer has to report to police every day. A group of 47 frontline alQaeda commanders, including a soninlaw of Osama bin Laden, have been identified in an Interpol alert on behalf of Saudi Arabia, in an unprecedented disclosure of Saudi citizens in key terrorist roles. Brazils Drug Czar Lets Look at Portugals Experience with Decriminalization  Pedro Abramovay, the drug czar of the new Brazilian administration, said that Portugals experience with drug decriminalization should be considered as an alternative to Brazils current antinarcotics policy. Senior political source claims Hezbollah and allies to resign their ministers and cause the collapse of Lebanon's government. The resignation statement has been written and will be announced at 4.30 p.m. China's EcoDisaster  

Terrifying review of Jonathan Watts's book, When A Billion Chinese Jump. China could save world by shifting towards renewable energy. But that's not going to happen. Government sees green activists, not polluters, as the threat Life in jail is the sentence for two Pakistani Muslim blasphemers (for tearing down and trampling a poster of a gathering to mark the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad  usually this is a death sentence) Haiti, one year later [pics] Assange fears death penalty, but vows more leaks  UN's Ban Kimoon deplores Israel demolition of hotel Teenager swept away after saving his brother from Toowoomba floods More than 220 people die in Rio de Janeiro state as flooding and mudslides hit southeastern Brazil.  Assange Wikileaks has 'insurance' files on Murdoch  Press Gazette [PBS] FRONTLINE  The Battle For Haiti     An in depth documentary about Haiti 1 year after the earthquake  At least 21 demonstrators killed by government forces in Tunisia Hindu holy man reveals truth of terror attacks blamed on Muslims  Asia, World  The Independent Contractor Hid in Iraq for Seven Years Over US Rape Charge Jordan Financial Minister states that Israel's refusal of the Palestinian twostate solution exposes Israel as an 'apartheid' state Tony Blair to appear before Iraq war inquiry on 21 January  Former prime minister summoned to second appearance before Chilcot inquiry to answer questions about legal advice ahead of 2003 invasion.
 South Sudan vote 'passes threshold'. 60 per cent benchmark needed to validate secession referendum has been met by fourth day of voting. As if making the oldest known leather shoe wasn't enough, a prehistoric people in what's now Armenia also built the world's oldest known winery, a new study says. Aussie here Just want everyone to know that Brazil and Sri Lanka are suffering flooding too, and probably need more aid than we do. (120,000 homeless, hundreds dead) Wikileaks volunteer detained by U.S. agents Italy's Constitutional Court Thursday struck down key parts of a law that would protect Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi from prosecution. Pregnant Al Jazeera reporter objects to 'humiliating' Israeli security checks 'When I was told to take off my bra, that was enough for me'
 The Rise of the New Global Elite Why the world's superrich are a nation unto themselves WikiLeaks Exposes the Danger of Pakistans Nukes WikiLeaks contributes to Bradley Manning defence fund honours pledge to help pay legal fees Gay slur in lyrics disqualifies Dire Straits hit from Canadian radio play 
 Mexican official 34,612 drugwar deaths in 4 yrs Tunisia president not to run again, vows to broaden political freedoms and allow freedom of speech Youth under 18 banned from using tanning beds in Victoria BC. Toy Salesman Admits Raping 96 Boys Demand For Quinoa A Boon For Bolivian Farmers South Sudan vote passes threshold  Celebrations erupt as turnout of registered voters exceeds necessary 60 per cent in South Sudan referendum A Boat Ride through Brisbane  A much closer look at the floods. Shocking documentary about the genocide of white Africans in Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe. (netflix) China snubs US Why did China test its J20 stealth fighter while Secretary Gates was in town? Magnitude 7.3  LOYALTY ISLANDS
2011 January 13 161641 UTC 
 Violent clashes spread to centre of Tunisian capital  The latest clashes in antigovernment protests that began nearly a month ago were taking place a short distance from the central bank building in the city's main commercial area, also the location of the main bus and tram station. Acid tanker capsizes on Rhine UN Israeli settlement expansion illegal Thailand 60,000 Red Shirt protesters bring Bangkok to a standstill Poll 35 percent of East Jerusalem Palestinians would prefer Israeli citizenship
In new survey, 40 percent of East Jerusalem Palestinians say they will move elsewhere in Israel if their neighborhoods become part of a future Palestinian State. Israel Kidnaps Eight Palestinians In the West Bank UNESCO awards Venezuela for providing free access to internet Mauritanian Islamic leaders issue a fatwa banning 
female genital mutilation (FGM) French mansion has been unlocked after being sealed 100 years as a time capsule, now reopened as a museum Tony Blair misled Parliament by claiming that Britain could legally attack Iraq in the face of UN opposition despite being given clear advice to the contrary Meanwhile in Kuwait  Emir grants $4 billion and free food for 2.2 years for all 1 million Kuwaiti citizens , even covers newborns born until feb 1 to celebrate 50 years of Independence   Report Pope John Paul II's Vatican warned Irish 
bishops not to report child rape Newly revealed 1997 letter from the Vatican warned Ireland's Catholic bishops not to report all suspected childabuse cases to police  Israeli man arrested for alleged involvement in Bosnia genocide  Aleksander Cvetkovic, who moved to Israel with his Jewish wife and their children in 2006, was accused of helping Bosnian Serb forces gun down about 8,000 Muslim men and boys in Europe's worst massacre since World War Two Ecoterrorism the nonexistent threat we spend millions policing. Spying on environmental activists serves no one's interests except for big corporations. English Is Here to Stay  
Why learn Mandarin? China wont make you speak it. Two Chinese state controlled banks lend more to developing countries than the World Bank A case of whisky which spent more than 100 years buried in the Antarctic has returned to Scotland.  9yo Timorese girl dies requiring heart valve surgery after no hospital willing to accept her  After Tunisia, electrified Arab world sets sights on brewing revolt in Egypt Iran has already hanged 47 people this year executes more people per capita than any other country Russia's Medvedev backs independent Palestine
 WTF Every Kuwaiti citizen [1.5 mil] will receive US$ 3500 per person grant and free food rations for 14 months. This doesn't include rest of 2.5 mil expat population who actually does all the work. BTW Kuwait is 5th richest country in the World. The Tunisian job How president's wife 'fled with $60m in gold bullion'  Dad Arizona girl's corneas saved vision of 2 kids
 Rise of the Hans, the New tribalism  China's strength based on ethnic cohesion 90% Han. Ethnic nationalism also strong among other rising powers Russians, Persians, Arabs, Brazilians. Europe's postnationalism failing. Is the world moving back to tribalism? Dmitry Medvedev says Moscow recognises independent state for Palestinians. Vatican letter urged Irish bishops not to report sexabuse cases to police Juan Cole Tunisia Uprising Spearheaded by Labor Movements, by Internet Activists, by Rural Workers; It's a Populist Revolution What Arab newspapers are saying about Tunisia Murdoch, UK establishment in deep shit. Does anyone doubt that if Tunisias president had been overthrown by an Islamic Revolution, there would have been 24/7 coverage of it in US media? Several thousand Israelis protested in Tel Aviv waving the Israeli flag and Palestinian ones We came to protest against the government's policies and the lack of democracy in our country The fact is that Amsterdam's heroinaddict population has been stable or falling for two decades. That's even though, since 2002, the Dutch authorities have been doing something even more radical than Portugal's for heroin users they've been giving them free heroin. Venezuela will connect Cuba to a highspeed fiber optic cable next month undermining US sanctions Swiss banker who gave Wikileaks details of rich tax evaders has been found guilty of breaching Switzerland's strict bank secrecy laws. Vatican letter told Ireland's Catholic bishops not to report child abuse Musicians killed after not playing encore. Mexico is really getting weird now. An uprising in Tunisia [pics] Russian WikiLeaks under attack after photos allegedly reveal Putin's private, $1 billion 'palace' This guy was arrested for blogging in his country, and is now in charge of their internet. Goldman Sachs bankers to receive $15.3bn in pay 
and bonuses | Business | guardian.co.uk 25 Tons of Bombs Wipes Afghan Town Off the Map Its hard to understand how turning an entire village into dust fits into Americas counterinsurgency strategy WikiLeaks US advised to sabotage Iran nuclear sites 
by German thinktank | World news | The Guardian Bolivia is on a mission to legalize the chewing of coca leaves. The United States, one of the world's biggest cocaine consumer, is not convinced. In Dutch News mentally disabled 18 year old spend his life mostly chained to a wall and hasn't been outside since 2007; case will be discussed in parliament today Noam Chomsky asks Iran to release detained Americans I hope that theyll be released without a trial. If there is one, Id be happy to testify on their good record and their dedication to worthy and important causes. Bolivia energises campaign to legalise coca leaf Pirates hijacked record number of ships in 2010. Ransoms paid to Somali pirates averaged $5.4 million last year, compared with $150,000 in 2005. A total of $238 million was paid out. Two more people in Algeria set themselves on fire, bringing the total number of attempted public suicides to seven Video Man Steals Tunisian President's Ferrari Using a Forklift  A 7.4 magnitude earthquake hits South West Pakistan. In 2005, a 7.6 magnitude earthquake took 70,000 lives... Chinas Currency Isnt Our Problem. Even if the RMB is Undervalued it's not Holding Back the US Economy. Swiss bank whistleblower just got arrested for handing documents to Wikileaks 'Baby Doc' Duvalier charged with corruption in Haiti  Canadian tourist accuses Mexican police of raping her

 As a symbolic gesture, Palestinians on Tuesday raised their flag for the first time over the PLO diplomatic mission in Washington. So much for that.  US VETOES U.N. resolution condeming Israeli settlements Police gunning down protestors in Bahrain  video 1000s Of Protesters Retake Bahrain Square Libya is off the Internet. Libyan students in the US told by embassy to attend proGhaddafi rallies in DC or risk having their scholarship money revoked  Shit is really hitting the fan in the Middle East... Guardian Live Updates Lybia 84 people killed in past three days during rallies calling for ousting of Muammar Gaddafi Bahrain police retreat, protesters reoccupy Pearl Square Libya machine gunning protestors and launching mortars at them.  Protesters reoccupy Bahrain's Central Square I don't care whether I die or live, but if I die I'll bring you freedom. If I live, I'll live the freedom with you Helicopters fire at demonstrators in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi, a doctor who witnessed the incident tells CNN.  DAMN! Israeli bulldozers raze Palestinian land in Jerusalem. Report Helicopters fire on Libya protesters The international community is watching...why isn't anyone helping us? Human Rights Watch claims that Libyan security forces have killed 84 people over the past three days.
 Bahrain massacre They didn't run away. They faced the bullets headon Delirious Joy in Bahrain Bahrain military withdraws; protesters swarm landmark, Protesters in Bahrain retake Pearl Roundabout Libyan protesters risk 'suicide' by army hands 
Gaddafi confronts the most serious challenge to his 42year rule by unleashing army on unarmed demonstrators LIBYA African mercenaries imported by Kadafi to quash protests, Al Arabiya reports Israeli army demolishes mosque. Libyan security forces has killed least 46 protestors  Gaddafi has permitted use lethal force against unarmed protesters calling for political change  Bahrain Police shooting at unarmed women demonstrators Israeli President Peres calls Palestinian President Abbas to discuss peace process in wake of failed UN settlement resolution Palestinian envoy U.S. veto at UN 'encourages Israeli intransigence' on settlements
 Senior officers in Iran's Revolutionary Guards have written a letter to their commanding officer demanding assurances that they will not be required to open fire on antigovernment demonstrators.  Egyptian flock to buy previously banned books Bahrain Forces open on hundreds of mourners, sending people running away in panic amid the boom of concussion grenades (!) We are calling for help. We are calling for all the countries in the world. We call for help here in Bahrain. Thug Life  
Think Mubarak was bad? Kosovo's leaders are accused of being organsmuggling, drugdealing goons  and the West is looking the other way. Google Inc. Chief Executive Eric Schmidt said the company was very proud of employee Wael Ghonim, a leader in the antigovernment protests that toppled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak last week. Yemen holds 'Friday of Fury' as thousands of demonstrators mass in cities across the country Secret plan to destroy WikiLeaks revealed Group plans to beam free Internet across the globe from space. Glenn Greenwald US Justice v World  Libya now blocking internet access amidst revolts and protests German Defense minister relinquishes Ph.D. over plagiarism charges Fresh protests hit Iraqi cities Thousands turn out across country, demanding better service delivery and jobs from government. Why Germany Must End its Deployment in Afghanistan  The war in Afghanistan is based on four lies, including the premise that NATO allies are there to fight international terrorism, writes conservative exparliamentarian Jrgen Todenhfer. Bahrainis' anger turns on USbacked royal family  Thousands of mourners called for the downfall of Bahrain's ruling monarchy as burials began Friday after a deadly assault on proreform protesters that has brought army tanks into the streets of one of the most strategic Western allies in the Gulf. Iranian lawmakersincluding former supportershave moved to impeach President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for law violations that could land him in prison. Soldiers fire on protestors in Bahrain crackdown.  Deadly Attacks Against Protesters in Bahrain [pics] Hilary Clinton chides Israels settlements as illegitimate while in the same breath, the US vetoes a UN resolution on condemning those same settlements as illegal. 14 to 1 against Egytian Military practicing the same injustices that Mubarak was ousted for?  Three innocent protesters arrested and detained (among hundreds of others).  They were beaten, whipped, exposed to electric shocks and suspended from the door frames of their cells. Helen Thomas Jews didn't have to leave Europe following Holocaust Bahrain troops and helicopters open deadly fire on hundreds of fleeing funeral mourners and journalists amid the boom of concussion grenades Scenes from Hospital in Bahrain difficult to watch An inside look into the growing protests in Bahrain. What the US, Israel and AlQaeda has to do with it. Another Arab country erupts in protest Djibouti Thousands protests calling for the President to step down  BREAKING NEWS Mubarak will NOT step down. Will NOT bow to foreign pressure. BREAKING Mubarak steps down, military council to run Egypt Muslim Brotherhood rejects Khamenei calls for Iranstyle Islamic state  Hosni Mubarak has announced he is stepping down as President and has transferred control of Egypt's affairs to the high council of the armed forces. French President says multiculturalism has failed Names and faces of killed Egyptian protesters (crosspost from /r/Egypt) Swiss freeze Mubarak assets Someone seems to have hacked the site of the Cairo NDP, Hosni Mubarak's ruling party With the economy projected to grow 3 percent this year, Icelands decision to let the banks fail is looking smart  and may prove to be a model for others.  Reports from Iran say several opposition activists have been arrested and international broadcasters are being jammed. The International Monetary Fund issues report calling for replacement for the dollar as the world's reserve currency. Algeria prepares for day of protests 
Prodemocracy alliance expected to defy ban on demonstrations.  I think the Mubarak regime is trying to bait the crowd in Tahrir Square  Fareed Zakaria Many Egyptians are placing their trust in the army. But then there's blogger Kareem Amer, just released from prison after 3 days, who tells of the brutality and torture he witnessed there. Tanks guarding the presidential palace in Cairo turned their turrets away from approaching demonstrators, eliciting a huge cheer from the crowd.
 Witnesses Egyptian army withdraws from positions near presidential palace ... the withdrawal of the troops could be a warning to the president that the army may not be able to protect him if protesters decided to march towards the palace 15 Egypt army officers join protesters HOSNI MUBARAK HAS STEPPED DOWN! Egypt the wait [pics] One of the most startling tales from the past few years of North Korean history concerned the North's leader Kim Jongil bringing in Italian pizza chefs while his people foraged for scraps of food  Iran takes credit for the Egyptian revolution. Stay classy, Iran. Protest leaders decide to head to Presidential Palace today. Also, more than 10,000 protesters surround Egypt State TV building This is just the beginning  protests continue to ripple across Mideast, North Africa Mubarak assets frozen by Swiss government Winners of the World Press Photo Contest 2011 [pics] Another Egyptian police van runs over protesters but is overpowered and tipped over [video] My university claims it doesn't have enough money for teaching.  Turns out they have been using it to source information on Iran for the US embassy. Wikileaks I love you. A third of Russians think the sun revolves around the earth. If only there was some sort of smartass remark to make fun of this... 28 hours in the dark heart of Egypt's torture machine  Cables FBI trained Egypts state torturers The Egyptian military has been secretly detaining and torturing those it suspects of being involved in prodemocracy protests North Korea has ordered all its embassies to appeal to foreign governments for food aid Mubarak I will not leave Egypt until I die. Egypt WE CAN TOTALLY HELP YOU WITH THAT. The greatest transfer of wealth from the poor and middle to the ultrarich that this country has seen in a century [...] UK will be only the second country in the world to allow money that has passed through tax havens to remain untaxed when it gets here. The other is Switzerland. Strike wave across Egypt `The working class has entered the arena with full force' Saudis told Obama to back Mubarak  Saudi Arabia has threatened to prop up President Mubarak if the White House tries to force a swift change of regime in Egypt. [paywall, partial content available on frontpage] The current Cairo generation are feeling betrayed by the wishywashy Obama adminstration's support of the current Egyptian regime instead of democracy Cuba welcomes its new internet cable link with Venezuela, opening a breach in the US economic blockade.  Thousands of judges and lawyers have taken to the streets in unprecedented protests against Nicolas Sarkozy, paralysing the legal system and shutting down almost all France's courthouses this week. Live coverage of Mubarak's speech in Cairo's Tahrir Square Scientists in Europe want to give robots their own internet to communicate and teach each other what they learn about us. What Could Go Wrong? Wael Ghonim Negotiation days with Mubarak are over 'Saudi king told Obama he'd fund Mubarak if U.S. halted Egypt aid' Egypt Why is Israel so Blind?
 WATCH LIVE President Hosni Mubarak Addresses The Egyptian People China will spend at least 6.7 billion yuan ($1.02 billion) to divert water to affected areas, construct emergency wells and irrigation facilities, and take other measures  to battle the ongoing drought in the northern regions. Omar Suleiman Egypts torturerinchief threatens to unleash dark bats of the night to terrorize the people Indonesian man whose fiveyear sentence for blasphemy enraged Muslims had also insulted Catholics, who declined to go on a rampage Human rights Groups accuse the Egyptian army of 
involvement in both disappearances and torture  
abuses Egyptians have for years associated with the 
notorious state security intelligence (SSI) but not 
the army. Furious Egyptian demonstrators vowed to launch their most spectacular protest yet in Cairo on Friday  Algeria shuts down internet and Facebook as protest mounts   Egypt Americans scorn AlJazeera but it playd greater role in promoting democracy in Arab world than anything US did NaziLeak The leak of thousands of confidential emails from members of Germany's farright National Democratic Party shows the group is soaked in racist and neoNazi ideology... and illegally misappropriates public funds. Egyptians Can Claim Mubaraks Stolen Billions From Feb 1, Swiss law allows for money deposited in Swiss banks by Third World dictators to be reimbursed to the legitimate governments of the dictators countries of origin (!)  Egypt's Army dissolves parliament From meeting with Bradley, from getting to know him and from watching his state degrade over time, the only conclusion I can reach is that this is torture.  Iranian antigovernment protests planned for Monday. DAE feel that facebook is getting far too much credit in the mainstream media for the Egyptian revolution? Iran opposition to hold demonstrations on Monday despite government warnings  Canada's lead weapons treaty negotiator has been removed from his post after American negotiators complained he was too tough and aggressive on behalf of Canada in disarmament talks.
 Chinese Stereotypes of Westerners Americans are stereotyped as the good guy, the evil characters are French and English, and the dumb characters are German. Canadian woman stripsearched by U.S. border guards after failing to declare raspberries Yemens police beat back protesters intent on overthrowing president Police armed with sticks & daggers on Sunday beat back thousands of protesters marching through the capital in a 3rd day of demonstrations calling for political reforms & the resignation of the president. Sex trafficking in the UK  Powerful crime investigation told through story of Romanian's abduction and violent imprisonment as prostitute in Manchester. Raped by different men 50 times a week. Hers is just one story; up to 5,000 others still to be told Assange has been talking about these BofA documents since (at least) October of 2009. At what point does this become a Pics, or it didn't happen situation? Army private 'pressured to implicate Assange' 10,000 Algerian protesters, defying a ban on demonstrations, shouted Power Out, and $155 Billion, and We're Still Poor, a reference to the oil producer's estimated foreignexchange reserves Here we go again, another western support regime closes down the internet in the face of popular revolt Egypt Al Jazeera owned this story the last 18 days. Iraq man dies of selfimmolation to protest rising unemployment How the Egyptian protesters fooled the police. Twenty January 25 protests were announced via the Internet, but twentyone were planned. The announced 20 were prevented from reaching Tahrir Square by riot police. The secret 21st protest succeeded. Day of protests in 200 Italian cities against Berlusconi Hundreds of women will take to the streets of Italys cities, calling on Berlusconi to resign after prosecutors requested he be sent to trial for having sex with an underage prostitute A US official told The Sunday Telegraph Hosni Mubarak used the 18 days it took for protesters to topple him to shift his vast wealth into untraceable accounts overseas, Western intelligence sources have said U.S. Jewish groups congratulate Egyptians on ousting Mubarak  Brotherhood won't seek power in Egypt Egypt Hosni Mubarak used last 18 days in power to secure his fortune Egypt  done. Next stop  Algeria Algeria, 3000 protesters meet 30,000 police. Some very good pics of the cleanup in Cairo's Tahrir Square Police in Algiers clubbed demonstrators down Tahrir Square reacts to resignation By dumping Hosni Mubarak, America's closest and most important Arab ally, [U.S. President] Barack Obama has signalled to Muslims throughout the Middle East that repressive rulers can no longer rely on Washington and are vulnerable to ouster by uprising. Anonymous claims to be in possession of Stuxnet 
Virus Police in Algeria are deployed ahead of a democracy rally which has been banned by the government (Xpost  Videos) Raw video of Egyptian Army announcing Mubarack resignation Police and protestors clash in Algeria Corrupt cops being arrested in Brazil Egypt Hosni Mubarak used last 18 days in power to secure his fortune CIA officials learned of Egyptian military's plan to remove Mubarak, but Egyptian president decided at the last minute to change the ending.  A Revolution Coopted By The Regime It Opposes  Egypt is returning to the 1952 model of ruling the state via a council of army officers  Have the Egyptian people been outflanked and had the clock turned back half a century on them to the very system that produced Mubarak in the first place? Egypt military promises to abide by Israel peace deal 	

Israel unprepared for Mubarak's fall 
Critics say Israeli leaders were 'in denial' and now have few options.  214 high quality shots of Tel Aviv graffiti most awesome The domino effect Is there more to come in the Middle Eastern Arab world ? A new civilian spirit in Cairo  volunteers cleaning streets this morning Egypt military pledges transition to civilian rule China bids to ease drought with $1bn emergency water aid. World's biggest wheat producer resorts to desperate measures in attempt to protect harvest from worst drought in 60 years The Stuxnet virus was aimed at five distinct industrial facilities in Iran Musharraf Wanted In Connection With Bhutto's Death   Armed Yemeni government supporters break up protest. Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on charges of paying for sex with an underage girl and abuse of power. Wikileaks, Bank of America and Glenn Greenwald It was the DOJ that recommended HB Gary to Bank of America. And their actions fit the DOJ's agenda to destroy WikiLeaks. The DOJ will conveniently look the other way. Defector admits to WMD lies that triggered Iraq war Bahraini Protestors take the main square! In a case that has dragged on for nearly two decades, Chevron has been fined by an Ecuadorian court for dumping billions of gallons of toxic materials into the amazon Dalai Lama's nephew killed on Florida walk for Tibet Egypt Is The Revolution Being CoOpted?  We still have the same cabinet appointed by Mubarak. The emergency state is still enforced. Old detainees are still in detention and new ones since the 25th of January remain missing. There is no public apology for the killings. Yemenis Trying To Oust Leader Protest For 5th Day The inside story of Egyptian soldiers refusing orders to massacre people in Tahrir Square Day of Rage protests across Iran, Algeria, Bahrain and Yemen. [Videos] Emboldened by the successes in Tunisia and Egypt, Gabon's people took to the streets this weekend to demand the resignation of President Ali Bongo In Bahrain, protesters bridge SunniShiite divide to challenge monarchy. Bahraini police fire at protesters, at least 1 killed Jordan King's Bodyguards Shoot Protesters, not mentioned in the MSN news $2m drug submarine seized by Colombian navy BBC News  FBI overstated evidence used in anthrax letters case Unrest Grows in Bahrain as Police Kill a 2nd Protester  King Tut Statues Stolen From Egypt Museum Another admitted liar on the Iraq had WMDs team. Janabi holds little regrets on what he did, admitting that he is comfortable despite the 100,000person civilian death toll and thousands of soldiers killed. According to eye witnesses  Saudi Armed forces go through King Fahad Bridge towards Bahrain.  (Link in Arabic).  This could get ugly for the protestors Argentina accuses US of trying to smuggle weapons into country In Canada, 26 record labels have secretly filed a massive lawsuit against isoHunt, BEFORE the Canadian DMCA was introduced. Hilary Clinton says she supports Iranian protestors  Beijing looks warily at Egypt uprising
 Egyptian Newspaper Elbashayer sources said that Hosni Mubarak passed away this Tuesday, and that it will be revealed to the public later on tomorrow. Breaking AntiGovernment Protests Spread to Iran.  Thousands march together today. Citizens of Algeria vow to hold a protest every Saturday until the government falls Chevron Fined $8.2 Billion in Ecuador Pollution Case Mubarak and family amassed $70 billion He may be the richest man and they the richest family on Earth. All this happened when millions of Egyptians lost their farms, while more than 40% live on less than $2 a day Protests spread to Iran and Bahrain in 'day of rage' With signs reading Enough! and We want a country that respects women, thousands took to the streets across Italy on Sunday in coordinated demonstrations against Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, but their outpouring of frustration did not look poised to bring about political change.  Shame of Britain's Muslim schools Secret filming shows pupils beaten  | Mail Online Tunisia Style Iranians defy government ban to join rally in Tehran, with demonstrations and street clashes in Bahrain and Yemen Revealed how energy firms spy on environmental activists Egypt Echoes Across Region Iran, Bahrain, Yemen Iran praises Egyptian protests one day and cracks down on its own people's protests soon after. 2/14  Bahrain (Islamic island nation) protesters terrorized by rampaging firing police force (video).  Peak oil We are asleep at the wheel  Saudis have overstated their oil reserves France calls for new global finance system Bahrain Now Bracing For Its Own Day Of Rage After Giving Every Family $2,660 Fails An estimated one MILLION women protested in 280 cities in Italy on Sunday, to demand action against Berlusconi over the latest scandals and for fair opportunities for women at work Taliban war crimes Human rights groups finally notice The Iranian leaders who cheered the popular overthrow of an Egyptian strongman last week have promised to crush an opposition march planned for Monday in solidarity with the Egyptian people. Egypt opposition leader escapes assassination attempt   Egypt Now police demonstrate  Cairo policemen march to demand higher wages and more respect. Ecuador court orders Chevron to pay $8 billion Amateur film of Iranian protests. From BBC News Julian Assange, Swedish Prime Minister Reinfeldt and Karl Rove interview with Brian Palmer, voted 2002 Best Lecturer by the student body of Harvard University. 'Sweden has become somewhat of a voluntary vassal state of the USA.' Thousands of Italian women march in protest of Berlusconi in particular, and degradation of Italian women in general. Egyptians and Tunisians collaborated to shake Arab history  A twoyear collaboration of dissidents gave birth to a new force  a panArab youth movement dedicated to spreading democracy in a region without it. In a dramatic departure from longstanding policy, the United States intends to support a United Nations Security Council resolutions censuring Israel for building settlements in Palestinian territory. Killing two people and injuring many, Bahrain police carry out a surprise, nighttime attack on square where protesters camp out. A loosely organised group of hackers has been targeting oppressive regimes and has said this is just the beginning. An unprecedented cyber attack on the Canadian government from China has given foreign hackers access to highly classified federal information. Libya murdered 16 protesters Belgians mark 'nogovernment world record' with nude protests, free beer and chips Belgium's 250 days without a national government, a world record previously held by Iraq If you live in a democracy, and dont have freedom of information, its not a democracy. And people have to understand that if you dont have freedom of information online, its not going to be offline, either.  Protests banned in Bahrain A map of world alcohol consumption British forests saved after huge backlash from public Update Bahrain protesters violently dispersed from the center square. As long as they (Iranians) are not conducting some sort of belligerent operation I think they would have a right to go through the canal like any other country, said James Kraska, professor of international law at the US Naval War College. Only nine percent of investigations into Israeli citizen violence against Palestinians and their property result in indictments. Argentina is accusing the US military of attempting to smuggle arms, drugs and spy equipment into the country under the pretext of a police training course. Why Are Food Prices Going Crazy? The authorities in Egypt have arrested three exministers for corruption Bloody crackdown in Bahrain Four killed as police raid Tahrirstyle protest in capital. Riot police in Bahrain sweep in on sleeping protesters with tear gas in attempt to clear a main square. Baghdad wants U.S. to pay $1 billion for damage to city The former Egyptian interior minister has been arrested for corruption, he is widely blamed for the brutality used by riot police during recent protests This is cloak and dagger stuff an American employed by US Embassy in Lahore shoots two Pakistani citizens. Bahrain terror as protesters shot. Live updates Our attention spans are too short, scope too small... any follow up on what's happening in Cote d'Ivoire?  In sharp reversal, U.S. agrees to rebuke Israel in Security Council  By Colum Lynch | Turtle Bay Japan suspends Antartic whaling  BBC CBS News' Lara Logan Assaulted During Egypt Protests Mubarak ordered Tiananmenstyle massacre of demonstrators, Army refused. Mubarak ordered the Egyptian Third Army to crush the demonstrators in Tahrir Square with their tanks. Fathers who had spent their lives serving the Egyptian army told their sons to disobey. Will popular uprisings have the same effect on Qaddafi as they did on Mubarak? The mere fact that people are lifting up their heads in a brutal police state like Libya is an incredible testament to human courage. 
 Violent protests break out in Libya Kim Jong Il celebrates 69th birthday as North Koreans starve CBS Reporter Lara Logan sexually assaulted by Egyptian mob An Israeli General has taken credit for the Stuxnet virus attacks during his retirement party China in push to develop thorium nuclear reactors Japans whaling fleet gives up under the pressure of anti whaling boats in Antarctic waters. As news of Logan's assault in Egypt broke, the victimblaming machine kicked in Antigovernment protests spread to Libya  demonstrators demand Libyan PM's resignation, but not Gadhafi's. Argentina Holds Confiscated U.S. Air Force Cargo Middle East protests  Country by country At least 211 killed in clashes in south Sudan Iraq to slash politicians salaries amid protests  The new legislation will result in savings of at least $19 million annually, and will see Prime Minister Nuri alMaliki's salary cut by nearly twothirds, cabinet secretary general Ali alAlaak told AFP. Libya day of rage planned on 17th Feb with a rap protest video to get protestors out Berlusconi knew girl was underage, had sex with her anyway Most civilian aid for Afghanistan lost | Up to 80 per cent of international help to Afghanistan is lost to international and local corruption schemes, insists Pino Arlacchi, Italian Member of the European Parliament and the former UN antidrug and crime chief. CNN Remarkable display of bravery in Iran, 
Brutality and hypocrisy by the regime Feb 15, 2011 Bahrain protesters keep up pressure Israel says Iran warships to transit Suez for Syria Iran protester's death 'hijacked by regime'
Saane Zhaleh, who was killed in clashes between protesters and security forces, is being falsely described as a progovernment militia member, according to his family 2  agents with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) were attacked Tuesday afternoon while driving between Mexico City and Monterrey1 dead 1 wounded  Stop blaming Italians for Berlusconi It's not voters' admiration for a Casanova prime minister that keeps Berlusconi in power  it's his control of the media b'Legalize It Ammiano to Introduce Legislation Monday to Allow Pot  and Tax It' Who's Buying What? (World Map Infographic)  b'Obnoxious Rich person refuses to pay lawful reward, offers to give to charity instead' b'Mexico Indigenous Rights leaders found dead' US does it again  'Secret U.S. unit trains commandos in Pakistan' b'Niall Ferguson we may be looking at a Lost Decade.' b'(still very bloody)diamonds' Israel & Hamas 'guilty of war crimes' Uk's Justice Secretary Jack Straw has vetoed the publication of minutes of key Cabinet meetings held in the runup to the Iraq war in 2003. b'WTF!!? British taxpayers may become liable for 500 billion worth of bad loans and investments made by RBS and Lloyds Banking Group' b'Iceland Defense Agency to Be Shut Down?' b'Israel was tracking  Hizbollah vehicles for four years through GPS devices installed on those vehicles.' b'UK blocks publications of Iraq war discussions' b'Official US aid to Gaza to top $900 million' b'War hero defeated by NHS after hospital stay left him with three infections and fractured pelvis' b'Turkish lawmaker gives speech in Kurdish, Turks lose it. The last time this happened, a woman went to jail for 10 years.' Most Of World's Spam Email Comes From Nation Of Koy4goff b'US to give $900m in Gaza aid ' Canada is now on some Afghans' shit list, and here's why b'Sex, Drugs and Islam  The Islamic Revolution in Iran has been disastrous for everyone except the Mullahs in charge.' b'Just when you thought there was an end to the Iraqi quagmire...' b'FBI arrests 44 in Chicago on child prostitution charges ' b'According to refugees, Tamil Tigers are forcibly conscripting civilians & keeping tens of thousands of others as human shields.' b'Iran Set for Initial Test of First Nuclear Plant' b'a decade of planting with GM cotton, or any GM crop with Bt genes in it, could lead to total destruction of soil organisms, leaving dead soil unable to produce food.' b'Justice UK politician who advocated neighborsnitching ratted out by neighbors' b'Confirmed The white phosphorus used on Gaza was supplied by the US of A' Mugabe 'blow quadrillions of Zimbabwe dollars' on his 85th birthday with a sumptuous banquet; demands cattle and money from his starving people to pay for the surreal party. Meanwhile thousands die from cholera, students are not attending schools and teachers are not paid.  b'It is still difficult for me to believe that I was abducted, hauled from one country to the next, and tortured in medieval ways  all orchestrated by the United States government.' b'China prepares to buy up foreign oil and gas companies with its huge currency reserves' Scores of whiteowned farms 'confiscated' in Zimbabwe b'Cairo Is Hit By Deadly Bomb Blast' b'Once You See What Truly Happened in Gaza, It Will Change You Forever' b'Turks are xenophobic, socially conservative people who rarely read books, relegate women to secondclass status and harbour ambivalent views about democracy, contentious new research has revealed.' World's First TrashPowered Electric Garbage Truck Now In The UK Police Bracing Themselves for 'Summer of Rage' Against Economic Crisis b'Captain Kirk wants to command Canada to go where no country has gone before!' b'Should AIPAC Decide What's Classified? America may witness the final stage in AIPAC's longterm drive to essentially declassify or classify U.S. government secrets at will' b'Surveillance Video of The Attack at McDonalds.' b'Something U.S. Media wont show The Palestinian Perspective' 'What we have in Lieberman is the final proof that we are, indeed, living in Bizarro World, and reality has been turned on its head. Because what we are seeing in Israel today is the rise to power of a Jewish Hitler'. b'To the citizens of the UK, you are about to go into lockdown Birth of fascism in real time ' b'War Criminals, Including Their Lawyers, Must Be Prosecuted When the US ratified the Convention Against Torture, we promised to extradite or prosecute those who commit, or are complicit in the commission, of torture. ' Goodbye Dubai  'a place for the shallow and fickle.' b'Egypt opens Gaza border' b'Police warn that Britain faces summer of rage due to recession |' b'IsraelHamas arms embargo urged' b'Former head of Greenpeace MORE nuclear power, please!' b'Iran NukesWeapons of Mass Deception Again' b'DEATHWATCH The End of Second Life' b'Iran the friendliest people in the world' b'Prison Break Greek Style Second helicopter escape in three years, police once again ridiculed' Don't let Slumdog Millionaire fool you there are no fairytale endings for most of India's street kids. I was one of them myself. b'International Atomic Energy Agency Iran NOT producing weapongrade uranium!' b'A Series of Suicides Unnerves West Point' b'Bankers Laugh In the Face Of Recession...by spending 43,000 pounds on champagne.  And another 5 grand on the tip.' b'120,000 protesters in recessionhit Ireland brought Dublin city centre to a standstill' b'Iran to begin operation of 1st nuclear power plant' Revealed full horror of Gitmo inmate's beatings b'The United Arab Emirates is considering legislation that would criminalize publication of anything that would harm the economy.' b'According to CIA Study, Israels survival in its present form beyond the next  20 years is doubtful' b'National Day of Mourning in Australia.  Church bells across Australia tolled at 1100am Sunday as a show of solidarity, support and mourning for victims of the nations recent bushfires.' IDF War crime charges over Gaza offensive are 'legal terror' China's artificially induced snow closes 12 highways  b'With his approval ratings at a low, President Sarkozy now faces a general strike and, potentially, a wave of social panic. ' b'You can't sweep unlawful activities under the table' b'Free Silva' b'Storm brews between US and Israel ' b'Just like in old times during the Cod War.  Iceland Says' b'Zambian economist Deborah Solomon Stop sending aid to Africa There are a billion Chinese who are living in substandard conditions. Do you know anybody who feels sorry for China? Nobody.' UK agents 'colluded with torture in Pakistan' b'Kidnap on Britain's streets  I've heard of innocent girlfriends and sisters being abducted off the streets and sexually assaulted' b'George W  Bush turns down job in a hardware store !' b'Who can probe Gaza war crimes claims? ' Beijing's Olympic building boom becomes a bust. b'Graph of historic financial collapses puts current crisis into perspective' b'Swiss law strictly prohibits UBS from disclosing to the IRS the account information of 52,000 American customers ' b'Exnun writes explosive book alleging sexual abuse of nuns, illicit affairs in an year of suicides in the Catholic Church in India' b'Latvias Government Collapses' b'Zogby Poll US Weed Legalization Support Grows' b'100,000 protest over Irish economy' b'Mexican Gangs Kill Cops to Force Ouster of Chief' b'Ecuador says expelled U.S. official was CIA operative' b'North Korean propaganda artist flees to the West, makes satirical propaganda' b'With Help From Sympathetic Judge, Chicago Law Firm Bullies Internet Startup' b'Chinese government has closed Tibet to outside observers, poured security forces into the region and vowed to crush supporters of the Dalai Lama' b'International justice is a farce while those in the west who sided with Pol Pot's murders escape trial  Jon Pilger' b'TYT Israel is never asked to be nonviolent, only Gaza is.' b'Dumped in Africa Britains toxic waste' b'Four Israeli rockets have landed in south Lebanon after a rocket fired from the country hit northern Israel, Israeli and Lebanese army says. ' Rights?  You have no rights.  I'm The Decider    Barack Obama b'Twenty million Chinese workers have lost their jobs in one province alone!' b'That other Guantanamo Inmates at Bagram in Afghanistan are still denied rights' b'Czech president compares EU to Soviet Union' b'Vatican protests Israeli TV show' b'Dumped in Africa Britains toxic waste' b'Change we can believe in Obama administration keeps Bush view on Afghanistan detainees' b'US torture prison Abu Ghraib, reopens with cleaner image' b'Emiratis should be protected through legislation during such hard times. I find it strange that we should lose jobs in our own country.' b'US asks for meeting with Syrian ambassador' b'The United States has decided to boycott an upcoming UN conference on racism unless its final document is changed to drop all references to Israel' Bullied teen gives up waiting for the school system to do something, and involves the media. It's about time. b'American Jewish Leaders blast Hillary Clinton over her request that Israel allow humanitarian aid into Gaza.' b'Wikileaks has cracked the encryption to a key document relating to the war in Afghanistan.'  As President Obama was visiting Canada last week, a Russian bomber approached America's polite neighbor to the north. But Canadian fighters intercepted the bomber and told it to go on home, eh b'TMZ Story Forces Bank to Return $1.6 Billion!!!!' b'Mugabe wants Zimbabwe's white farmers out, land seizures continue The few remaining white farmers should quickly vacate their farms as they have no place there.' British Government 'using fear as a weapon to erode civil liberties'.  Britain on brink of becoming database police state, speakers tell Convention on Modern Liberty b'Taliban murders schoolchildren on bus, their crime being Shia' b'French professor sacked over 9/11 conspiracy theory' b'The Untouchables of Asia  amazing photo essay' Protesters witness Tibetan monk being 'shot' while on fire b'Tibetan monk sets himself on fire and then gets shot by police. Can anyone explain that last half to me?' b'Surveillance powers employed to fight terrorism have been misused by UK civil servants in undercover spying operations' b'Appeal for Afghan Convicted of Saying Men & Women are Equal...' A former Nun's memoirs rock India's Catholic Church b'100 Churches In Burma Ordered To Close' Harper 'We will defend our airspace'  Canada will not tolerate Russian intrusions b'Canada has become the No. 1 source of ecstasy south of the border' b'Inside the world of trafficked indentured servants and the visa violators who care for our old.' b'Why did the Washington Post censor todays Doonesbury comic strip?' b'Pic of Romanian plane just as it makes crash landing' Mugabe says he'll seize more white farms 90 year old guy takes drive of death on mobility scooter and survives. Police won't prosecute 'Oldfashioned' Scottish bank shrugs off economic crisis b'Israel blocks pasta shipment to Gaza Is someone going to kill you with a piece of macaroni? ' b'Russian man dies of Viagra overdose after two women challenge him to 24 hour sex orgy.' b'Congrats Israel expected to be labelled an Apartheid Country for the second time on a row, but still getting U.S. support.' b'Israel okays plans for thousands of West Bank settlement homes, despite formal commitments not to do so.' b'Reconstruction of Hudson River plane crash done with CG and actual flight audio' b'Breaking news NATO documents about Afghanistan have been cracked, Jordan is secretly still involved in the war, Russian troops in Afghanistan is out of the question' Stay Classy Chinese police 'shot burning monk before putting him out' b'90,000 Seeds Added to Doomsday Vault on its first Birthday' Coordinated assault against one of Obama's intelligence picks inspired by his critical stance to Israel. b'If you think that Slumdog Millionaire movie did not show india as a developed country  you may have to step outside your opulent bungalow and have a look at how most people in india live  they live in villages and slums ignored by the government, celebrities and 'bollywood' filmmakers' b'French professor sacked over 9/11 conspiracy theory' b'Monk prays in same place every day, leaves footprints in solid timber.' b'Wikileaks Cracks Password on NATO Afghanistan Document' b'DNA details of over 1 million UK children are now on the national database  half of them have no criminal convictions' b'50,000 combat troops to remain in Iraq after withdrawal' b'US tax dollars are used to train Latin American soldiers how to oppress their own people' World turns into 'gangsta paradise' as crisis continues to aggravate Radioactive' paedophile on the run  The UK government is planning to get around a European court ruling that condemned Britain's retention of the DNA profiles of more than 800,000 innocent people by keeping the original samples used to create the database. b'Argentina calls CIA comment irresponsible Argentina on Thursday blasted the head of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency for saying the country, along with Ecuador and Venezuela, could be pushed into instability by the global economic crisis ...' b'Airline considers charging passengers to use toilet' b'Britain Senior police officer warns of summer of rage' b'The US economy shrank by 6.2% in the last three months of 2008' b'Former Rwandan priest convicted of genocide' b'Pelosi Tosses Cold Water On Reviving Assualt Weapons Ban' b'Man survives 10 days in ski mountain, spouse dies. Neither police nor search and rescue teams began ground searches until Tuesday, despite helicopter pilots twice reporting they saw an SOS symbol carved into the snow.' b'India names Pakistani colonel in connection with Mumbai terror attacks ' b'Toga party turns into rampage in New Zealand' b'The Chinese navy saves Italian merchant ship from Somalian pirates' b'Dutch to Muslims Do you really want to settle here?' b'Diamonds may be forever but diamond stores are not  Zales closing 115 stores' b'Binyam Mohamed, recently released from Guantanamo, issues a statement.' b'Mexico is in Freefall  With cartels taking over cities and killing all antidrug officials, the country is crying out for help  but is unlikely to get it from the US' French President uses music without permission  band threaten to sue  offered 1 euro as a 'symbolic gesture' b'Mr. Mohan, a Hindu, Became a Muslim to Marry His Mistress; Then Things Got Messy' b'Las Vegas running out of water!?' b'Why Do You Kill Zaid?.. A look into why young Iraqis are joining the resistance movement in Iraq. A must watch.' b'50 people are reported to have been killed in Bangladesh after border guards stage armed mutiny' b'Government admits Britain handed suspects to US for rendition ' b'In the state of Zacatecas, residents of Villanueva demanded that the military take over. The soldiers came, but drug war violence got worse.' b'Troubled Swiss bank UBS placed $31 billion wrong order  the biggest in monetary terms in the history of the Tokyo Stock Exchange' b'Mexico sending 5,000 troops to besieged border city' b'John Hutton admits terror suspects were handed over for rendition' We're on the brink of disaster Economic instability may lead to civil unrest, ethnic strife and even war b'Opinion Pakistan  Failed state in the making, or the new war zone?' The Israelis said macaroni is banned because they don't consider it an essential food item. Oscars' mentions of gays & lesbians censored in Asia ... b'CONMISSION Wonderful retort by a detainee during his hearing at Guantanamo' Japan's trade figures signal depression b'UK admits handing over two terror suspects to US authorities in Afghanistan, sparking claims of collusion in extraordinary rendition' b'The AntiBono Please No More African Aid' Israeli terror victims want to sell ancient persian relics and take the money as 'compensation' for Irans complicity in suicide bombing attacks  they've 'won' a 412 million dollar settlement in US courts b'Turkish plane crashes at Amsterdam airport' b'Australian government trying to bankrupt woman found innocent of all charges  woman has won all multiple cases against the government  please help her plight get attention' b'How long did it take for the stock market to recover after 1929?  Oh only 25 long years!!! [Chart]' b'Hollywood to make 30 antiIranian movies  Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman, Hassan Qashqavi, has said that Hollywood film makers have thirty antiIranian movies in the offing ...' b'criminalization it does nothing! Despite being illegal in Mexico, abortion rates higher than US' Japan's exports plunged more than 45% in January compared to a year ago to hit the lowest figure ever recorded. b'Saudi lingerie trade in a twist' b'Palestinian olive oil bucks UK recession  Sales expected to double this year after Gaza conflict' b'Army is fighting British jihadists in Afghanistan' b'Three Ring Legal Circus Goes On The Pirate Bay Trial, Day 7' b'A major global drugs kingpin has agreed a plea bargain in the United States after admitting conspiracy to distribute millions of dollars worth of ecstasy. But who is this man of mystery who faces spending 10 years in jail?' b'Iran tests its first nuclear power plant' The world's newspapers, put your mouse on a city and the newspaper headlines pop up, COOL! b'The controversial conservationst who braved the US bombing to rescue the starving lions of Baghdad zoo' b'Amnesty International Calls For Arms Embargo Against Israel, Cites U.S.Made White Phosphorus' b'IDF still preventing human rights groups from investigating war crime allegations' b'Border guards pissed off about pay storm their headquarters and kill their superiors.. Prime minister pardons all of them  WTF?' Tracking Down Gaza War's Deadly, Mysterious Cubes Mother sets fire to her daughter's gloating rapist b'Gaddafi Israel, not Sudan, to blame for crisis in Darfur ' b'West urged to give Pakistan $5bn. If we fail, we face a truly frightening prospect terrorist sanctuary, economic meltdown, and spiralling radicalism, all in a nation with 170 million inhabitants and a full arsenal of nuclear weapons,' b'Pakistan turns into a greater tinderbox The Supreme Court rules that opposition leader Nawaz Sharif cannot hold office' b'Rights Group Calls for Israel/Hamas Arms Embargo' b'In Denmark, the word God is one of the most embarrassing words you can say. You would rather go naked through the city than talk about God.' b'Liberty groups unite to defend UK rights 'The govt and courts are collaborating in slicing away freedoms and pushing Britain to the brink of becoming a database police state'' National Geographic slams Alberta's oil sands  Canadian politicians pissed! Israel has plans to demolish Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem to make way for a tourist site. Activists say it's a demographic play that amounts to ethnic cleansing He wants to harass ordinary people with tough copyright laws. But now he's being sued for copyright infringement. French President Sarkozy revealed as total hypocrite Mexico's On The Brink Of Chaos b'Guilty Britain admits collusion, new torture claims emerge' b'Chinese lunar satellite has crashed into the moon. Beijing called it a controlled collision.' REVEALED 'There was no Cabinet debate in runup to war,' says Short as UK Government refuses to release minutes b'Father sues Turkish Education Ministry for forcing his 11yrold daughter to watch racist and disturbing film countering claims that Ottoman Turks committed genocide against Armenians in 1915' b'Movie about lebanese gang violence canned after outbreak of gang violence at screening' Israel's death squads Former member of an Israeli assassination squad breaks his silence for the first time; tells of his role in botched ambush that killed two Palestinian bystanders and the two militants targeted b'Dubai Property Miracle  Now 13 Aussies arrested in Dubai collapse, can be held indefinitely' Olmert vows 'severe' response to Gaza rockets b'So long, farewell, auf wiedersehen is it game over for Swiss banks?' b'Video of alleged US teen assault' b'Chechen leader imposes strict brand of Islam, honor killings ensue'  Iran Stands by Amputations 'Better Punishment than Prison'...  b'Drug Trafficker How I Escaped a Bankok Jail' b'Iraqi police get motivational speech from US serviceman  winning hearts and minds' b'Ahmadinejad Adviser Tells Visiting Hollywood Delegation to Apologize for Insults and Slanders Directed at Iranians..... ' b'Ugandas epidemic of child sacrifice' b'Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip have reportedly fired five rockets over the border into Israeli territory but there is no indication of casualties.' b'Bangladesh mutineers could face gallows  They started unjustified killing, one angry colonel said. Now they will see what justified killing is. ' b'The United States believes Iran has stockpiled enough nuclear fuel to make a bomb, U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen said on Sunday.' b'What BP is doing to America is pretty much what American companies have done and are doing to the rest of the world' b'Haitian Farmers Commit to Burning Monsanto Hybrid Seeds  The entry of Monsanto seeds into Haiti is a very strong attack on small agriculture, on farmers, on biodiversity, on Creole seeds ... and on what is left our environment in Haiti.nTues' One of the largest protests in Jerusalem's history White jews protesting the fact that they have to spend time in class with black jews.  The Ecuadorian rainforest disaster is still considered the world's largest oilrelated catastrophe. Chevron dumped more than 18.5 billion gallons of toxic waste  about 4 million gallons per day for more than two decades  and the world paid almost no attention b'It turns out that the ref that cost the US the game against Slovenia today has been guilty of terrible calls during clutch moments in the past, and Tunisian fans had set up a Facebook page calling for his removal' b'Wikileaks founder fears for his life' b'The Council of Senior Ulema, the highest body of Muslim clerics in Saudi Arabia, has issued a fatwa against terrorism, saying that committing terrorist acts, and even funding them, was against Islamic law!!' b'In the first action of its kind in north African waters, Sea Shepherd activists freed hundreds of endangered bluefin tuna from a cage being towed behind Italian trawler' BP Using Mercenaries To Prevent Journalists From Talking To Workers. According to video (shown) the media needs to stay at least 100 feet from BP workers. Here's one killer quote from the BPhired security guard when the reporter asks why he's preventing people from accessing a public beach b'Facebook founder faces death sentence in Pakistan' b'France bans Hamas TV for hate and violence. In other news, there was Hamas TV channel in France. WTF' On the other side of the world from the Gulf Coast in Africa they've been dealing with an oil spill that gushes the equivalent of the Exxon Valdez every year for the past 50 years...  b'Turkey freezes billions of dollars worth of defense deals with Israel and will not send ambassador back' b'Aung San Suu Kyi   still under house arrest in Burma  turns 65 on Saturday. ' b'Mexico Bans Junk Food For Children' b'WikiLeaks Preparing to Release Video of U.S. Massacre in Afghanistan ' b'Amnesty International has accused the Israeli authorities of subjecting jailed nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment by holding him in solitary confinement. ' b'Iceland passes legislation making it the safest place in the world for freedom of expression by offering legal protection to whistleblower Web sites like WikiLeaks' 16 crude skimming barges have been idled by the coast guard .... because there aren't enough life vests on board b'Danish girls are entering puberty earlier and develop breasts a full year earlier than they did 15 years ago, according to a new study.' Four North Korean players didn't show up for Brazil match  are they defecting??? While the U.S. is watching an oil volcano, Israel is having 1960'sstyle segregation riots. b'Where is the REDDIT OUTRAGE compared with the Flotilla one?  400,000 Flee in Kyrgyzstan, U.N. Says ' Death toll in Kyrgyzstan clashes could be 'much higher'  Could be close to 2000. b'White Jews sent to jail for refusing to let their children go to school with black Jews.' Police to be considered on criminal charges after  tazering a man 5 times who then died. This would  NOT have been investigated if a bystander hadn't  filmed the police murdering him. b'In honor of the great Manute Bol  Sudan's Basketball Warrior  who passed away today at age 47 after dedicating his life to improving the conditions in his native country. Rest in peace you kind, decent, benevolent soul.' b'Priceless!! Israeli mission to UN caught lying while attempting to double deal the UN United Nations Correspondents Association ... includes email exchanges' BP Tells Cleanup Workers They'll Be Fired If They Wear Respirators b'Italian seismologists indicted for manslaughter for not predicting a 6.3 magnitude earthquake' b'Chinese security manhandle NZ Member of Parliment waving Tibetan flag... in New Zealand!' b'North Korea lifts restrictions on private markets as last resort in food crisis' Manute Bol is dead because of a skin disease he contracted while trying to improve people's lives in Sudan b'Sweden gives green light to new nuclear reactors' b'Bangladesh 77m poisoned by arsenic in drinking water' b'Muslims illegally occupying streets of Paris to pray, depriving shop owners of business for two and a half hours, and preventing residents of the street from entering or leaving their apartments. Muslim guards block the street.' b'Israel to Take Action Against Lebanese Aid Ships' b'The belief that things will end well in Afghanistan is dwindling in Germany. An increasing number of security experts recommend an orderly withdrawal and even those who were involved in sending the Bundeswehr on the mission are now voicing doubts about ultimate success.' b'Turkish Jets Raid Northern Iraq, Clashes Kill 23' A missile, suspected to have been fired by an unmanned US drone, is reported to have killed 13 people and wounded seven others after it struck a house in the Mir Ali area of Pakistan's North Waziristan. b'Why Indian farmers are committing suicide World Bank forced India to open up its seed sector to global corporations like Monsanto; corporate seeds need fertilizers and pesticides and cannot be saved... poor peasants forced to buy new seeds for every planting season' b'Gaza Freedom Flotilla #2  Will Carry 4000 Passengers' b'Mexico considering suing BP' b'In Nigeria, Oil Spills Are a Longtime Scourge' b'The Associated Press UN chief urges international Israeli raid probe' b'Robert Fisk German captains, Uboats and other lies about Ireland' b'Up to 77 million people in Bangladesh have been exposed to toxic levels of arsenic from drinking water in recent decades, according to a Lancet study.' b'Egypt  Young activists death mobilises public opinion against police violence' b'Russian nuclear arms expert found dead in Bugibba, Malta. Suicided?' I'll be downmodded for saying this, but Eritrea really sucks all young people are forced to work for government by exguerilla government. A kid got a $200K scholarship abroad, was caught trying to leave, and immediately got drafted into a hellhole.