 Musk, Wozniak and Hawking urge ban on AI and autonomous weapons Over 1,000 highprofile artificial intelligence experts and leading researchers have signed an open letter warning of a military artificial intelligence arms race and calling for a ban on offensive autonomous weapons. Search for 43 missing students in Mexico turns up corpses of at least 129 other people Marijuana legalization petition hits enough signatures for UK parliament debate  A petition for the full legalization of marijuana in the UK has gathered more than 130,000 signatures in just four days No excuse for female genital mutilation, says Obama A girl aged about 10 has carried out a suicide bombing in northeastern Nigeria, killing at least 16 people Half of Cuba men's hockey team defects Deputy Speaker of House of Lords resigns after being filmed snorting cocaine with two prostitutes Europe just invested over $380 million in an alienhunting space mission to Jupiter Medical marijuana to be sold in pharmacies, says Israeli deputy minister of health Only 100 tigers left in Bangladesh's famed Sundarbans forest  The population in the mangrove forest is far less than believed, officials say, after a census uses cameras hidden in trees to record numbers Renewable energy expense attacked as Australia gifts $41 billion to fossil fuels Former President of India APJ Abdul Kalam Passes Away Collapses During Speech in Shillong Turkey asks NATO for extraordinary meeting next week China stocks plunge, suffer biggest oneday loss since February 2007 Victoria shuts down Yellow Giant underground gold mine in northwestern B.C. for spilling pollution on land and into creeks, lakes, and a wetland. Young Hondurans Lead Unprecedented AntiCorruption Movement.A Honduran spring is happening, led by young people mobilising over the social networks, who are flooding the streets with weekly torch marches against corruption and impunity. Over a thousand French farmers have blocked roads from Spain and Germany to stop foreign produce entering the country. The protest follows a week of action against a fall in food prices, pushing them towards bankruptcy. Turkey Drops Bombs on Kurdish Group That Fought Islamic State in Iraq Russia to give away land to populate its far east. Leader of Russian neoNazi group sentenced to life Moscows highest court sentenced a leader of a militant neoNazi group to life in prison Friday after he was convicted of ordering five brutal killings, including that of a prominent human rights lawyer. The remains of 97 human bodies have been found stuffed into a small 5,000yearold house in a prehistoric village in northeast China, researchers report in two separate studies. 1881 document suggests Palestinian ownership of village destroyed by Israel several times Radical Israeli Sheikh calls to conquer Temple Mount with violence At least 10 people have been killed in a bomb blast which has hit a hotel in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. Dawn of deepsea mining alarms conservationists as UN body issues exploration contracts.Conservationists are warning that the deep oceans fragile biodiversity must be protected and not nearly enough is known about the risks of extracting minerals from seabeds. Australian senators give medical marijuana the green light Iran offered Iraq an 'open cheque' to help them battle Isis.The Iraq ambassador to the US says of Iran. They offered us literally anything we wanted, troops and everything else More than 1.2 million trees were planted across Australia on Sunday during National Tree Day. This year's tally brings the total number to over 22 million trees planted by more than 3.5 million participants since the annual event began in 1996. Barack Obama tells African states to abandon antigay discrimination Skeletons Of Napoleon's Soldiers Discovered In Mass Grave Show Signs Of Starvation  Archaeologists find over 3,000 men who died during Napoleons retreat from Moscow in 1812. Now, new chemical analyses are revealing where these soldiers hailed from & how little there was to eat. Human Traffickers Arrested at Delhi Airport; 21 Nepalese Girls Rescued We were all in awe Over centuryold shipwreck found in Nova Scotia harbor  This is 1 of the nicest wrecks in Nova Scotia. It's never been touched. Being on a newlydiscovered shipwreck is something that sometimes only happens once in a divers career, or maybe never. Zimbabwean authorities hunt Spaniard accused of killing Cecil the lion European allegedly paid 50k for chance to kill tourist attraction, who was found headless after being shot with a bow and arrow Pakistan Tried to Create 'World's Most Powerful Surveillance System' by Illegally Tapping Undersea Internet Cables. The report by Privacy International found that ISI was being provided spying tools by companies such as Atis (Germany), Ericsson (Sweden), Nokia and Huawei Australia is on the cusp of joining a huge new United Statesled trade deal which will set the rules for doing business in the region at the expense of China. The Taliban took control of a large police base in a remote part of northeastern Afghanistan after some 100 police and border guards joined the insurgents following three days of fighting FBI China the most predominant economic espionage threat to US Signs of worlds 1st pictograph found in Turkey  Site of worlds oldest temple holds scene etched into obelisk. It depicts a human head in a vulture's wing & a headless human body. There are cranes & scorpions. This is the portrayal of a moment. They are not random figures. The White House has backed Turkey's right to take action against Kurdish militants, after waves of air and artillery strikes put a fragile ceasefire between separatists and the Turkish forces in jeopardy. TPP Trade Deal May Wrap Up This Week A medical school admission examinations scandal in India has turned into a veritable whodunit with thousands of arrests, mysterious deaths and the suspected involvement of top politicians and bureaucrats Petition as French Riviera beach closed for Saudi king Professor claims scientists investigating melting Arctic ice may have been assassinated At least 19 people have been killed and 64 others injured in a suicide bombing in the Cameroonian town of Maroua, just three days after twin bombings were suspected to have been carried out by militant group Boko Haram. Delhi's cheap food war Street vendors fear city's canteen scheme will threaten their livelihoods. The socalled common man canteens promise freshly cooked, nutritious meals prepared in hygienic kitchens for the citys bulging ranks of the poor and needy. Ian Cobain, a reporter with The Guardian, is one of very few people who know why a student arrested by armed British police officers in 2013 was finally acquitted this year of terrorism charges. Problem is, he cannot report what he knows. IOC urged to reject Beijings 2022 Olympic bid amid lawyer crackdown West Africa's alarming growth industry Meth.Local and international officials say West African criminal groups are now producing and exporting hundreds of millions of dollars worth of methamphetamine  or meth  every year, most of it shipped to Asia. Justice for sale Big companies could soon escape prosecution for corporate corruption  by paying their way out Turkey and U.S. will create 4000 km ISISfree safe zone in northern Syria to resettle refugees Former Gitmo detainee who wrote a book about being Innocent in Guantanamo, is arrested in Belgium for recruiting for al Qaeda New Horizons Finds Nitrogen Glaciers and Hazy Air on Pluto Astronomers astounded by the dwarf planet's active geology and atmosphere Mexico poverty rate hit 46.2% last year as 2 million more join ranks of poor.The poverty rate increased by 0.7 percentage point to 46.2 percent last year from 45.5 percent in 2012, equivalent to 55.3 million people in the nation of nearly 120 million Cannabis petition forces MPs to consider debating legalisation More than 100,000 sign appeal calling for total legalisation hosted on governments official epetitions website. An independent Mexican commission said on Thursday it found serious flaws in an investigation into the apparent massacre of 43 students last year, dealing a fresh blow to President Enrique Pena Nieto over a scandal that has battered his administration. US and Pakistan cannot have a true strategic partnership until Pakistan cuts all ties with terrorist organisations and renounces its use as an instrument of state policy US lawmakers tells Pakistan House prices pushed up by foreign gangsters Investigators warn the London property market is being skewed by international criminals seeking to hide their illgotten gains. A United Nations watchdog urged Canada on Thursday to investigate alleged human rights abuses by its mining companies abroad and launch an inquiry into the high number of missing and murdered indigenous women and girls. U.S. troops to train regular Ukrainian military troops later in 2015 Taxi drivers block streets of Rio de Janeiro in protest against Uber Nigeria marks a year without polio, with hopes high for eradication from Africa Kerry says Israeli action against Iran would be 'huge mistake'  NBC  Illegal migration clearly linked with terror threat Hungary PM Saudi Airstrikes In Yemen Kill Over 120 Civilians In Southern Taiz Province Foreign criminals are laundering billions of pounds through the purchase of expensive properties, which is pushing up house prices in the UK, the National Crime Agency has said. Turkey extends bombing campaign to PKK targets in Iraq Denmark to run antirefugee advertisements Amnesty Blasts 'Staggering' Iranian Execution Spree; Nearly 700 People Killed So Far This Year Kerry to talk with Russia on Islamic State fight and role Iran might play Turkey arrests hundreds of suspected ISIS, PKK militants First ships cross Egypt's New Suez Canal in test run Australian arrested after acting as ISIL medic in Syria. Nurse appears in court after handing himself in to authorities in Turkey and voluntarily returning to Sydney Brazilian prosecutors, declaring war on what they called a culture of impunity, presented charges on Friday against the CEO of Latin America's largest engineering firm as part of a landmark investigation of a kickback and bribery scandal NASA's New Horizons spacecraft discovers flowing Ices on Pluto Turkey Condemns Belgium Over Armenian Genocide Resolution NASA discovers another Earth like planet in the Milky Way galaxy  Planet Kepler452b, the first nearEarthsize world to be found in the habitable zone of star that is similar to our sun. World's first malaria vaccination approved Indian court rules that 14yearold who was raped by her doctor is not allowed to terminate pregnancy. Shoplifting in Russia soars as economy crumbles under sanctions French court backs mass surveillance France's top court has given the green light for security services to hack people's computers and phones even if they aren't suspected of any crime. NASA Returning To The Moon Is Ten Times Cheaper Than Thought, And It Could Lead To Mars  In 10 to 12 years, it says that a fourperson industrial base on the Moon could be operational, costing $40 billion (26 billion), less than $4 billion (2.6 billion) a year. Shell Just Got the Green Light to Drill in the Arctic | The Obama administration gave Shell the goahead to drill in the Arctic, but put limits on how deep the company can drill until better spill response technology arrives. Moscow's highest court has sentenced a leader of a militant neoNazi group to life in prison after he was convicted of ordering five brutal killings including that of a prominent human rights lawyer Ukraine bars Communist Party from elections, political party which regularly got &gt;10% of the votes in national elections China has started assembling the world's largest radio telescope, which will have a dish the size of 30 football pitches when completed, state media reported as Beijing steps up its ambitions in outer space India earns $100 million launching 45 foreign satellites Iran falsified the number of executions in the country to hide the fact that in the last six months, it killed as many as 694 people, Amnesty has claimed in its latest report Rep. Rosa DeLauro [The] legitimacy and moral authority on the issue of human trafficking is being undermined in an effort to smooth the path for the TPP Chinese company builds 3Dprinted villa in less than 3 hours Turkish warplanes pound Islamic State in Syria as Ankara steps up to frontline Massive Pod of Pilot Whales Slaughtered in the Faroe Islands  Footage shows bloody slaughter Report Israel Gave Jordan 26 Cobra Choppers to Fight ISIS Russia bans Jehovah's Witness literature and website Russian austerity Putin fires 110,000 officials Submarine volcano near Grenada going active, may erupt within hours and pose tsunami threat for Caribbean British teen accused of plot to commit college massacre Oil price collapse warning issued by Morgan Stanley Turkey to Allow Use of Key Air Base for U.S. Warplanes to Bomb ISIS The UK wants online pirates to face 10 years in prison Sweden to Introduce Meat Tax Dolphins are struggling to reproduce because of industrial chemical pollution in European waters that can linger in the animals' bodies for a lifetime Tibet monk dies in custody, China cremates him to avoid probe, and then seizes his ashes to avoid shrine White House Finalizing Plan to Close Guantanamo Bay Prison Spain raises marrying age from 14 to 16 European Union opens antitrust case against 6 major US movie studios  Sky UK, Disney, NBC, Paramount, Sony, Fox, and Warner Bros named in Statement of Objections. Australia's climate change stance is incomprehensible and profoundly unconservative, said a leading UK MP. The Canadian government says it will not be bullied as the United States ratchets up pressure on Canadas heavily protected dairy sector ahead of what could be the final round of talks for a Pacific Rim trade deal spanning 12 countries. China starts building its largest solar plant spread over 2,550 hectares in the Gobi desert Turkish tanks on Thursday opened fire on targets controlled by Islamic State (IS) jihadists in Syria after a Turkish soldier was killed by shots from the Syrian side of the border India's grand solar plans ruin Abbott's coal export strategy Scientists we are 'condemning' forest elephants by ignoring evidence  As the ivory trade threatens to obliterate forest elephants, conservationists & govts fail to recognize them as a distinct species despite rising genetic & physical evidence. Video of Tycoon Stomping on Woman's Head Reveals the Dark Side of Cambodia's Elites World's Most Famous Climate Scientist Issues Bombshell Sea Level Warning Myanmar jails 153 Chinese illegal loggers for life China may adopt 'twochild policy' this year as demographic timebomb looms Thirtyseven people were killed in three days in the Brazilian city of Manaus, and one hypothesis being considered is a coordinated wave of attacks involving police, an official said Ukraine Thousands of farright supporters rally in Kiev calling for impeachment of President Poroshenko The BRICS countries just launched a rival to the IMF and the World Bank Seventy years after the end of the Second World War and the liberation of Nazi death camps by Allied troops, Germany is establishing its firstever professorship devoted to the study of the Holocaust. The United Nations office in Guatemala said Tuesday that a major river in the countrys northern region had been contaminated with pesticides used to produce African palm oil, affecting thousands of people. Chile's salmon farmers are using record levels of antibiotics to treat a virulent and pervasive bacteria, driving away some U.S. retailers including Costco Wholesale Corp, which is turning to antibioticfree Norwegian salmon Tehran turns down Berlins request to recognize Israel  Middle East India, China And Iraq Become Biggest Russian Weapons Importers Amid Western Sanctions Rushdie says 'wrong lessons' learned from his Iran fatwa ordeal Earth records hottest June since records began Leaked emails between Italian spyware vendor Hacking Team and Boeing subsidiary Insitu revealed that drones carrying malware to infect targeted computers via WiFi by flying over their proximity is close to becoming a reality. ISIS convoy triggers their own mine planted earlier in the year, 2 of its local leaders killed Today's publication indicates that the NSA has been used to help the CIA kidnap and torture with impunity. For years the CIA was systematically abducting and torturing people, with the tacit complicity of European governments, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said in a statement. Poland will not pay a penny for Greece Poland will not spend a penny from its own budget to help Greece, Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz told a press conference in Warsaw Russia Disowns Soldiers Captured in Eastern Ukraine in May In videotaped interviews after they were captured, Alexandrov and Yerofeyev said they were part of a Russian special forces' spying mission in eastern Ukraine Romania bans Holocaust denial, fascist symbols The UAE introduces new law criminalising all forms of discrimination on the grounds of religion, caste, creed, doctrine, race, colour or ethnic origin. NASA releases Epic New View of Earth; 1st image of the entire sunlit side of Earth at once since Apollo 17 astronauts captured the iconic Blue Marble photograph in 1972. Mexican poachers ignore fishing ban as the worlds most endangered porpoise nears extinction A Greenpeace vessel patrolling the Gulf of California finds that vaquita porpoisekilling gillnet fishing continues despite a government moratorium. After Four Years, Chinese Dissident Artist Ai Weiwei Gets His Passport Back. 32 boys dead in South African circumcision initiation season. 400 died last year, and 500,000 hospitalised with complications & infections between 20082013. Access to Twitter blocked in Turkey... again. Russia using North Korean 'slave labour', say human rights groups The scientist leading Australia's efforts to find signals from intelligent life on other planets warned on Tuesday we should think twice before replying. Finnish unemployment at 10% and youth unemployment at 22% with no signs of improvement Saudi Prince Threatens 'Military Action Without American Support' Against Iran Outdoor cinema for homeless people opens in Moscow  Throughout the summer, Russian capital's invisible population will be able to watch Soviet comedies and enjoy hot meals. Air strike kills al Qaeda leader in Syria Pentagon Greenland's glaciers flowing into the ocean are grounded deeper below sea level than previously measured, allowing intruding ocean water to badly undercut the glacier faces. That process will raise sea levels around the world much faster than currently estimated Scientists find first drug that appears to slow Alzheimer's disease Erdogan's Daughter Heads a Covert Hospital to Help ISIL Injured Members European court forces Italy to recognize samesex couples, putting pressure on Russia and others to liberalise Kyrgyzstan tears up cooperation accord with US NSA tapped phone calls involving top German officials for years, recent WikiLeaks docs reveals; the group alleged that its revelations showed the NSA, which had been spying on German officials since at least 1998, helped the CIA outmaneuver Europe on torture at CIA black sites in Europe DNA uncovers mystery migration to the Americas George Clooney seeks to expose those who fund and profit from wars in Africa The Oscar winner has launched a project with US human rights activist John Prendergast to investigate the flow of money in and out of conflict zones Cecil the lion was skinned and his head removed. Hwange  A wellknown and muchphotographed blackmaned lion affectionately named Cecil was killed by sport hunters just outside Hwange in Zimbabwe last week. 5,000 naked antigay protesters to greet Obama in Kenya Bankers the real terrorists Occupy attacks London police for labeling protesters extremists Cluster bombs made in the USA and sold to Saudi Arabia are being dropped on Yemenis NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden has urged the world's leading group of internet engineers to design a future 'net that puts the user in the center, and so protects people's privacy. Monster El Nio Makes RecordHot Year Look Inevitable.In more than 135 years of global temperature data, four of the five hottest months on record all happened in 2015 February, March, May, and now June. Binyamin Netanyahu's household spending under criminal investigation An 18yearold French woman is in remission from HIV  despite not having taken any drugs against the virus for 12 years. A village in Kazakhstan is being evacuated as scientists grapple with the cause of a mysterious sleeping sickness. College librarian in China admits to stealing more than 140 17th20th Century paintings, selling them for $17m, and replacing them with fakes Huge crude oil spill in Siberia. New study shows King Phillip II of Macedonfather of Alexander the Great, is buried in Tomb I  Most striking evidence comes from a leg bonean upper thigh fused to a shin at the knee with a hole in itit aligns with historical texts that describe Philip as suffering a wound from a lance. Isis Executed German Kickboxing Champion Valdet Gashi for Trying to Flee Monitoring Group Romania, a country where only 1.7% of people donate blood, is offering free concert tickets in exchange for their blood Rhinos With Spy Cams in Their Horns Will Catch Poachers in the Act  A big problem has been that antipoaching teams find out about incidents too late, leading to low arrest & conviction rates at the scene of the crime. All this tech has existed for a long time, weve just put it together. Russian sports club airbrushes Putin critic and chess great Kasparov from history book 2 Giant Israeli Solar Plants Will Soon Provide Nearly 2% Of The Countrys Electricity EU member states agree to ban toxic substance widely found in clothing because it poses an unacceptable risk to the environment  Hormone disrupting chemicals found in imported clothing Russia makes rival U.N. move on MH17 probe after dismissing tribunal bid John Kerry 'disturbed' by Iranian leader's criticism after deal Former President Hu Jintao's top aide has been arrested on corruption charges, stripped of his party membership and removed from all government positions The Philippines and Vietnam are refurbishing key military bases used during the Cold War and bolstering cooperation with Washington to counter Beijings maritime expansion in the South China Sea. Australia to earn $1.5bn a year from China cattle exports Israel halts medical treatment for members of Syria's Nusra Front The officer responded to complaints voiced by some members of the Druze community in Israel that security forces are assisting the AlNusra Front Stephen Hawking announces $100 million hunt for alien life US, Cuba restore full diplomatic relations after 54 years Dozens dead after terror attack in Turkey  CNN.com India blocks Colgate patents for spices that are commonly used at homes Marijuana could be used to treat fractured bones, new study finds. The bones not only healed quicker, but were also stronger and more resilient against a repeated fracture Nobel prize winning economist Paul Krugman, a vocal supporter of Athens in their longrunning bailout saga, said Sunday that he may have overestimated the competence of the Greek government Cuban flag will be raised over what is to once again become Cuban embassy on Monday North Korea reports 99.97% turnout in local elections Australia's 60 Minutes makes 'special' on UK's VIP paedophiles Australia's war on wind farms threatens biggest renewable project Banknotes thrown at Sepp Blatter during news conference Town Shames ISIS Chief Cersei LannisterStyle  and Then Executes Him Report ISIS steps up use of chemicals on battlefield Ikea to pay UK workers more than living wage in 2016 New UAE AntiDiscriminatory Law criminalises acts that insult religion through speech, written word, books, pamphlets or online media. 10 years jail time for discrimination crimes. Frances President Hollande calls for Eurozone Government Australian mining companies linked to hundreds of deaths across Africa Almost 9,500 people in London had their lives cut short by air pollution in 2010, accounting for a fifth of all deaths in the city that year. Japanese pensioners are committing more crimes than teenagers Climate change found to increase human conflict and violence.Changes in temperatures and precipitation patterns systematically increase the risk of both interpersonal violence . A former Yugoslav general was arrested in Montenegro on Sunday on suspicion of having committed war crimes in the 1990s. Serbian Borislav Djukic, 66, was arrested, on a warrant issued by Croatia, at Tivat airport as he was about to board a plane for Belgrade US 'friendly fire' kills up to 10 Afghan soldiers Russia Orders 'SubmarineKiller' Be200 Amphibious Aircraft For Production By 2020, Official Says UN Security Council unanimously endorses Iran nuclear deal ISIS destroys Ramadi Stadium in Iraq Dentist who killed Cecil the lion faces calls for prosecution  US uproar over death of protected animal forces Walter Palmers practice to close, as two others attend Zimbabwean court to face poaching charges. US bans cilantro imports from Mexican farms littered with feces & toilet paper  5 of 8 Puebla farms found with objectionable hygiene conditions have been linked to recurrent outbreaks of cyclosporiasis in US since 2012 Saudi Arabian royals who annexed an entire public beach for their stay on the French Riviera 'ordered local police not to allow female officers near them' A USled raid on the compound housing the Islamic States chief financial officer produced evidence that Turkish officials directly dealt with ranking ISIS members Iran has completely cut off its financial aid to the Palestinian militant group Hamas Obama tells African leaders no one should be president for life British Police admit giving up enforcing cannabis laws Northern white rhino dies, leaving only 4 left on Earth Nabir, a 31yearold female northern white rhino, died of a ruptured cyst, leaving only three females and one male of this subspecies alive. For 110 days and across two seas and three oceans, Sea Shepherd crews stalked a fugitive fishing ship considered the worlds most notorious poacher. Secrecy around TPP trade deal fuels suspicions, worries. Higher costs for needed generic drugs. Longer copyright protections than the global standard. Foreign investors empowered to overrule governments. A more tightlyregulated internet. Senior Western official Links between Turkey and ISIS are now 'undeniable' Tony Abbott wrong on coal being good for humanity, Oxfam report finds  Report says Australia must embrace renewables & coal exacts an enormous toll on health, drives climate change & is ineffective in delivering electricity to worlds poor Former Kremlin banker Putin 'is the richest person in the world until he leaves power' ISIS preparing to attack India to provoke confrontation with the US, says report TransPacific Partnership TPP Trade Deal Hits Stumbling Blocks In The Final Lap Of Negotiations Secret TPP Talks Continue at a Luxury Hotel in Hawaii as the Deal Grows More Controversial Curved London 'Death Ray' skyscraper, previously blamed for igniting fires with reflected solar heat, now stands accused of creating urban wind tunnels and blowing over pedestrians Some 2,000 migrants tried to enter the Channel Tunnel terminal in Calais on Monday night in an attempt to reach the UK, operator Eurotunnel has said The Entire Country of Sri Lanka is About to Get BalloonBased Internet, Thanks to Google Two students have found a human tooth from about 560,000 years ago in a famous prehistoric cave in southwestern France, a discovery praised by archaeologists as the oldest human body part ever discovered in the country and being rare from that period in Europe Supreme Court of India  24 weeks pregnant rape victim can undergo abortion if doctors permit. China adds 9.16 GW of gridconnected wind power in H1 Taliban leader Mullah Omar 'is dead'  BBC News As Yemenis Starve, Saudi Arabia is Accused of War Crimes in the Country PKK blows up two bridges in Turkey American dentist named as the hunter that killed beloved Cecil the lion. Billionaire hedge fund managers have called on Puerto Rico to lay off teachers and close schools so that the island can pay them back the billions it owes. It accused the island, where 56% of children live in poverty, of spending too much on education U.S. drops bid for 2024 Olympics in Boston Porn websites visited 250,000 times on UK parliament computers Canadian Conservative MPs block their own Finance Minister from presenting a report about the Canadian economy. Prime Minister John Key has admitted that New Zealand will have to pay more for medicines if it signs up to the Trans Pacific Partnership but he says this was unlikely to affect consumers. DNA discovery Modern Amazonians linked to indigenous Australians Killing of Cecil the lion prompts calls for EU ban on importing lion trophies Zimbabwes famous lion was lured out of a national park, killed, beheaded and skinned. Over 200 lions are legally killed and turned into trophies and sent to Europe every year Jehovah's Witnesses did not report 1006 alleged sex abusers to police Apple, Microsoft, Google and other US firms to commit $140bn to address climate change Facing corruption scandal, Malaysian PM fires officials investigating him 950 million Android phones can be hijacked by malicious text messages Swiss officials have issued a formal apology after it emerged army helicopters had crossed the border with France on Thursday in an unexpected incursion to draw water for thirsty Swiss cows. Senior London Shia scholar declares jihad against extremism, against the forces misusing the name of Islam; against ISIS Anonymous releases hacked CSIS document after members death, threaten to leak stunning secrets Insulting statues of 'rat bankers' have appeared in London Members of an isolated indigenous group made contact over the weekend with villagers in Peru's Amazon basin seeking food and supplies Philip Morris sues Australian Government over plain packaging laws North Korean authorities going housetohouse in search to destroy 'banned' music CDs and tapes 40 Percent of the World's Adults Have Never Heard of Climate Change LGBT hate speech to be outlawed in Poland for the first time Obama condemns African leaders who won't give up power NATO holding rare emergency meeting at Turkey's request The UK government spent 13 times more bombing Libya than securing peace in the years afterwards  450m versus 35m Libya Moammar Gadhafi's son Saif alIslam sentenced to death b'The Catholic church and paedophilia The pope should say plainly and loudly that sexual abuse of children is not just sinful. It is criminal' b'Dear BBC, please stop putting 30 second adverts before 10 second videos' Homosexuality and the Srebrenica Massacre Dutch Leader Calls US General's Gay Remarks 'Disgraceful b'Tony Blair waged an extraordinary twoyear battle to keep secret a lucrative deal with a multinational oil giant which has extensive interests in Iraq. The secret is now out.' b'Ireland to hold referendum on removing blasphemy law from constitution' b'UN chief Ban Kimoon demands Israel settlements halt' b'It's wrong  people telling us what we can and can't eat, foreigners eat cows. ... Catching dolphins is part of that village's tradition.' b'The Game of Death The Milgram Experiment has been repeated, disguised as a French reality show. The results are still the same.' b'Pres. Obama addresses Iran.' b'The German archdiocese led by the future Pope Benedict XVI ignored repeated warnings by a psychiatrist treating a priest accused of sexually abusing boys' I'm Not the Messiah, Says Food Activist... but His Many Worshippers Do Not Believe Him | nMembers of religious group believe Londonborn author has come to save the world b'Everyone knows Japan fought against the ban that would have helped save the bluefin tuna from imminent collapse, but few realize that Canada was also strongly against the ban. And Canada also opposed a proposal to ban the devastating practice of bottom trawling. WTF is wrong with Canada anyway?!' b'Israeli Army shoots dead stone throwing Palestinian kid [Al Jazeera]' b'Turkish PM why pressure Iran, not nuclear Israel? Erdogan countries with nuclear weapons not in moral position to lecture other nations on nuclear. (How dare he point out this hypocrisy!?!)' Catholic Church's sex abuse scandal goes global Dozens charged over Turkey 'plot' False flag terror attacks to bring down government Fareed Zakaria The Israeli Prime Minister says his nation's security is his top priority. Too bad he's undermining it. Beijing has been shrouded in orange dust as a strong sandstorm blew hundreds of miles from droughtstruck northern China to the nation's capital. b'Orde Wingate, one of finest British commanders of WW2 was as bent as ninebob note. Rarely washed, tried to cut his own throat, forced 40,000 Italian troops to surrender' Dr Norman Finkelstein's appearance at the University of Waterloo was a combative one with lots of heckling and cheering throughout the speech. As we've come to expect, he delivered a blistering message on Israel that was the polar opposite of the mainstream mantra. (video) b'This quiet experiment in northern China appears to  show that the Government can slow down or halt  population growth while allowing families more  than one child. ' b'[North Korea Census 2008] Korean Peoples Army estimated to number 700 thousand troops' b'PAKISTAN A Hindu teenager is told to marry her alleged rapist' b'Russia's day of wrath  Thousands protest in largest show of discontent since Putin came to power.' b'Cambodians banned temporarily from marrying Koreans diplomat' UN adds Israel to the list list of states limiting human rights organizations Australian billionaire to build Titanic II An almost exact replica of the original Five major UK internet service providers ordered to prevent users from accessing The Pirate Bay Obama signs off $192 million in aid to Palestinian Authority, after it was frozen by the US Congress  Vatican 'accepted one billion lire' to bury crime boss in basilica next to former popes
 Most Israeli citizens don't want a war with Iran China Shuts Down Coca Cola Plant After Whistleblower Reports Excess Chlorine China to loan South Sudan $8 billion to get started Most Israeli Citizens Don't Want a War with Iran  
Binyamin Netanyahu & western hawks who seek an early strike are ignoring Israel's security experts & people The Frenchled counterattack and rumblings of revolt through every branch of the EU institutions last week have brought this aberrant phase of the eurozone crisis to an abrupt end. 'It's not for Germany to decide for the rest of Europe,' said Franois Hollande...Strong words even for the hustings Montreal taxi hit and run caught on video Nigeria 10 killed as motorcyclist suicide bomber targets police commissioner convoy   Motorcycle washed up in B.C. may be Japanese tsunami debris Tehran police in new dress code crackdown Kim Dotcom fights back, may bring down a Member of Parliament and former Mayor of Auckland for campaign donations. A former prostitute plans to sue the U.S. Embassy in Brazil, alleging that members of its security team in December threw her from a van and ran over her. ExLibyan Oil Minister found dead in AustriaBody found in the Danube River  Police say there were no signs of external violence The Qatar Bubble  By Blake Hounshell | Foreign Policy Mexican journalist found dead Authorities believe Regina Martnez, who often wrote about drug cartels in Veracruz, was murdered Pakistan Condemns U.S. Airstrike After Drone Ban Solar power in India Waiting for the sun  Is the sun the answer to Indias energy problems? Historic Rwandan genocide trial starts Monday in Ottawa Israel begins building border wall with Lebanon Former Mossad chief backs Shin Bet counterpart over criticism of Netanyahu, Barak Russia's xenophobia problem  Putin vows to tighten immigration laws to curb Russia's large waves of foreigners, but critics worry this will only make life more dangerous for illegal migrants.
 b'A Lithuanian dad shot dead a judge and a senior politician because they molested his threeyear old daughter. ' b'Bullied, attacked and raciallyabused more than 50 times in eight weeks. That was the experience of two British Muslim reporters posing undercover as a couple in Bristol over the summer.' The only two Westerners living on their own in  Kandahar have been bombed, ambushed, and  nearly sold to kidnappers. Here's what they've  learned about the country where war just won't end. b'In Norway, even murders and rapists have a shot at landing in open prison.' b'A British mining company is facing a multimillion pound claim for damages after group of protesters were detained and allegedly tortured at open copper plant mine. ' Karzai 'stripped of outright win'  could now face a second round against main rival Abdullah Abdullah. b'Charity fundraisers carry disabled man halfway up mountain in his wheelchair...then leave him there because they're too tired to carry him down again.' b'Six Senior Iranian Revolutionary Guard Commanders Killed in Suicide Bombing, Iran Blames US and Pakistan' For the past two years, Sudaneseborn cellphone magnate Mo Ibrahim has given out $5 million prizes to outstanding African presidents who had served their country with good sense. Today, Mr. Ibrahim announced that his team was unable to agree on a candidate for this year's prize. b'Fury after a Berlusconiowned TV channel secretly  filmed a judge who ruled against him in a bribery  case.' b'Brazil deploy thousands of extra troops on the streets of Rio de Janeiro after violent clashes with gang members where at least 12 died' b'Rights of Labor in the US   FDRs New Deal and the natural political evolution that grew out of that movement has done much to help working people but much of that natural evolution was later retarded by the rise of the conservative forces in the country... (follow the link to read on...)' Gordon Brown, Britian's Prime Minister, said his government would be taking extensive action to reform the whole culture of the financial sector via a windfall tax on profits. All UK banks will be affected. b'Hillary Clinton up to her old tricks again of making up past events at her visit to Northern Ireland' Maldives President holds (world's first) cabinet meeting under water to raise awareness to the threat global warming and rising sea levels has for his Island nation. You don't have to be mad to stay here but it helps Nasa hacker Gary McKinnon gets a stay of execution from extradition to US while UK government checks his mental health!   It isn't a big deal until you make it a big deal b'With coworkers like this....well, I guess that depends on your taste.' b'Faced with an Israeli blockade, the Palestinian zookeepers were unable to bring in real zebras. Their solution...' b'Home Office climbs down over keeping DNA records on innocent' b'Jordan King The IsraeliPalestinian conflict is the most serious threat to the stability of the region, if Israel doesn't believe in the twostate solution, the possibility of a future Palestinian state will disappear because of geographic reasons already the land is fragmented into cantons' Uk Govt has secret plans to tax electricity consumers to subsidise construction of UK's first new nuclear reactors for more than 20 years b'Zionists bury Palestinians alive In Gaza' Pakistan pushes into Taliban stronghold  n'Sixty militants' killed as troops backed by warplanes and artillery face fierce resistance in South Waziristan A lot of you won't know who this is, but for those that do the author Ludovic Kennedy has died.  b'Children in Africa are being accused of witchcraft and are getting tortured and killed in Africa by Evangelical Christians.' BREAKING Several top commanders in Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard have been attacked and killed in the volatile southeast of the country, reports say. b'US intelligence reports 90% of the insurgents battling US and NATO troops in Afghanistan are not religiously motivated Taliban and Al Qaeda warriors, but a new generation of tribal fighters vying for control of territory, mineral wealth, and smuggling routes,' b'North Korea holds more than 150,000 political prisoners in six prison camps across the country, a South Korean MP says.' b'The government should be spying on Muslims even if they are not suspected of committing crimes  Is it OK to consider UK a racist country?' b'The chief of an endangered Amazon tribe will unveil today the product of an unusual partnership with Google Inc. that pairs high tech with indigenous knowledge in an effort to rescue ancient rain forests and a dying culture.' b'Iran blames west for deadly suicide bombing' b'The End of East West German Secret Service Opens GDR Files ' Suicide bomber attacks Sunni  Shiite reconciliation meeting in Iran, kills 31.  Seriously, we can't get a break, can we? b'The trembling hand of Thatcher points  Tories find something left that isnt nailed down' 70 years on  Nefertiti's bust will be back in the Neues Museum, finally reopened today after being destroyed in WW2 b'Leftist Latin American leaders agree on a new regional currency, the Sucre, to scale back the use of the US dollar' b'Twelve dead and police helicopter downed as Rio de Janeiro drug gangs go to war.' b'Iran accuses Pakistan over attack ' b'In India, plagiarism is on the rise' b'Europe does not need President Blair' b'In November 2008, New York Times reporter David Rohde was kidnapped in an attempt to interview a Taliban commander. He spent seven months being held by them in Pakistan with two colleagues, his driver Asad and an Afghan journalist, Tahir. This is the first in a fivepart series of his captivity.' b'Security staff at Manchester Airport have been banned from using new seethrough security scanners for children' b'China Russia Axis Iran Offers SCO Alternative To U.S. Control Of World Resources. Iran has offered to enhance its role as an energy provider and transit route for Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) member states.' b'Australias population growth continues to surge ahead despite the world economic slowdown and a reduction in skilled migration.' b'Cancer sufferers in Iraq have risen by almost tenfold in just 3 years. DU the likely culprit. In this part of Iraq 500 cases of cancer were diagnosed in 2004. This year, there have so far been more than 9,000 new cases ... and the number is rising.' b'Rio police die as helicopter hit' Big antiabortion rally in Spain More than a million people are said to have taken part in a march in Madrid to oppose government plans to liberalise Spain's abortion law. b'Alone at Sea Australian Teen Girl Starts Bid to Sail Around Worldn' b'Indonesia Endangered, Population Exploding' Amnesty Int. has accused Qatar of using forced labor at World Cup stadium. Amnesty says workers are forced to live in squalid conditions, pay huge recruitment fees, have wages and passports withheld. It accuses Fifa of failing almost completely to stop the tournament built on human rights abuses The FBI, US Department of Justice and anticorruption police in Britain and Australia have launched a joint investigation into revelations of a massive global bribery racket in the oil industry. Norway's integration minister We can't be like Sweden  A tight immigration policy and tougher requirements for those who come to Norway are important tools for avoiding radicalisation and parallel societies, Integration Minister Sylvi Listhaug said on Wednesday. French minister compares veil wearers to 'negroes who accepted slavery' France's women's rights minister has sparked fury by comparing Muslim women who choose to wear the headscarf to negroes who accepted slavery. Pirate Bay allowed to continue operating by Sweeden Court ISIS forbids remaining Christians from leaving Raqqa Government surveillance has 'chilling effect' on free speech, study finds A US based advocacy group says 98 girls in Central African Republic reported they were sexually abused by international peacekeepers and three girls told that they were undressed, tied and forced to have sex with dogs by a French military commander in 2014. ISIS Threatens Germany, Calls For Attack On International Airport  An official Islamic State media wing launched a campaign urging ISIS supporters Do what your brothers in Belgium did! South Africa's President Zuma ordered by constitutional court to repay costs of upgrading house with public money Massive Weapons Haul Intercepted By French Navy Electric Vehicle Sales Continue To Be Unstoppable In China  Up 170% 50 years of military rule over in Myanmar Poland Set to Demolish 500 Soviet Monuments U.S. to deploy armored brigade combat teams to Europe British, Australian and American police launch investigations in global oil bribery scandal A wing of a farright party in Germany is readying a proposal to ban the construction and operation of mosques. North Korea Sends Drones to Infiltrate South's Airspace Modi in Brussels Define terrorism or UN may become irrelevant EgyptAir hijacker arrested in Cyprus; officials call him an 'idiot,' not a terrorist Japanese regulators on Wednesday approved the use of a giant refrigeration system to create an unprecedented underground frozen barrier around buildings at the wrecked Fukushima nuclear plant in an attempt to contain leaking radioactive water Global sea levels could rise by more than double the current best estimate, according to a new analysis of climate change in Antarctica. Exwife says Egyptian hijacker abusive, beat her and their kids North Korean Citizens told to get ready for famine get ready to eat plant roots UK plans to track all internet connections could cost 1bn, campaigners warn. Home Office is told its plans in the snoopers charter to retain web browsing history of all British citizens for 12 months would cost in excess of 1bn Hundreds of thousands of leaked emails reveal massively widespread corruption in global oil industry Using Adblock Plus to block ads is legal, rules German courtfor the fifth time Apple wants the FBI to reveal how it hacked the San Bernardino killer's iPhone 'War on Drugs' has made no difference to number of users & actively harms public health, major study concludes  Report authors call for scientifically grounded policies, including regulated markets for cannabis Fracking Triggers 90% of Large Quakes in Western Canada Turkey 'demands deletion' of German video mocking Erdoan 90% of Indigenous in Brazil's Amazon Suffer Mercury Poisoning Satire spat Germany tells Turkey free speech not negotiable A Foreign Ministry spokeswoman says German diplomats told their Turkish counterparts Tuesday theres no chance the government will intervene over the song Germanys position on freedom of the press and expression isnt negotiable. Chinese government is arresting the families of Chinese critics and journalists abroad. Mass surveillance silences minority opinions, according to study BBC Says Russias Troll Factory Faked a Video Showing a US Soldier Shooting at a Quran Costa Rican men convicted for killing conservationist & raping volunteers  4 of 7 men sentenced for murder of Jairo Mora, who worked to protect sea turtles with 4 female volunteers. Savagery of attack dealt severe blow to the countrys image as a safe, ecotouristfriendly destination. U.S. orders military families to leave parts of Turkey Scientists say a 305 millionyearold fossil is the closest relative to true spiders ever discovered  but is not itself a spider. Easily predating the dinosaurs, the 1.5cm creature lived alongside the oldest known ancestors of modern spiders but its lineage is now extinct. The politicians voting to impeach Brazil's president are accused of more corruption than she is Former Canadian minister Jean Lapierre, his wife and three of his siblings killed in plane crash on way to father's funeral Brazil president closer to impeachment as coalition partner quits Saudi authorities reportedly seek death penalty for coming out Chinese journalist denounces president Xi Jinping in resignation letter Ive been kneeling so long I cant bear it. Id like to change posture $600 Million Worth Smuggling Operation Nailed by US and Hong Kong Authorities Obama administration to allow Atlantic oil prospecting despite threat to marine life FBI warned Dutch about El Bakraoui brothers week before attacks Several loud explosions followed by heavy gunfire were heard over Tripoli in the early hours of Wednesday German prosecutor Hard to convict 'Islamic State' returnees  Germany's top state prosecutor says often nothing can be proven against members of terrorist groups returning from war zones. Islamic State returnees can rarely be convicted on murder charges. Child labor rises sharply in Gaza In the past five years, the number of working children between the ages of 10 and 17 has doubled. b'More than 80 Israeli students have announced their refusal to serve in the Israeli military the occupation is a violent, racist, inhumane, illegal, undemocratic, immoral and an extreme condition that presents a mortal danger to both peoples' b'Canadian trucker fined for smoking in the workplace. That being, of course, the cab of his truck. Which he owns.' b'Moscow to ban snow this winter.  Moscow Mayor, This winter in Moscow, snow will not fall on you.' b'Fascism joins the 21st century British National Party leader Nick Girffin has agreed to ask his party to allow nonwhite people to join.' b'New Zealand moves towards becoming a police state' b'Israeli Member of Paliament Deporting foreign children preserves Israel's Jewish identity' b'Israel gets angry when this happens on TV series, but pretty satisfied when done in Real Life.' Iranian Bloggers and tweeters Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, 'is dead' b'Between 1999 and 2003, medical researchers randomly purchased artesunate (antimalaria) from pharmacies in Cambodia, Myanmar, Laos, Thailand and Vietnam. The volume of fake pills rose from 38 percent to 53 percent. These fake drugs may account for 200,000 deaths a year. nn' b'Ayatollah Khamenei in coma says Michael Ledeen an Iranian expert' b'Pakistan Police Offices attacked in Lahore, More than 7 Killed' b'British Harrier pilot diverted bomb midflight to save civilians. Awesome video footage.' Zimbabwe's Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has halted a cabinet meeting and cancelled appointments in protest at the jailing of one of his aides  accused of plotting the assassination of President Robert Mugabe. b'Filipino Army seeks help from MILF rebels to free Irish priest' b'Mexican government closes electric utility, sacks 44,000 workers. The government of President Felipe Caldern had decreed the liquidation of the publicly owned firm that provides electricity for Mexico City and surrounding states in central Mexico, and the firing of its more than 40,000 workers...' b'Pakistan continues to destabilize. Today, the following were attacked the Federal Investigation Agency and 2 police stations.' b'Former Australian Foreign Minister Alexander  Downer Obama should give back Nobel Prize' b'UK MP bills 100,000 in expenses to his own company [Telegraph]' b'To try and show faith and science are compatible, Vatican to open Galileo exhibit (you know, because they were so instrumental to his discoveries)' b'German Intelligence agency warns of Iranian spies' b'Bands of militants and suicide bombers hit 4 sites in Pakistan; 37 Die' b'Multiple attacks on federal buildings in Lahore.  I used to think that Pakistan had a weak, incompetent democracy and a overly powerful, competent military that actually ran things.  I guess was wishful thinking.' b'For the first time in Australian legal history, a major trial is to be televised.nnDr Jayant Patel will face manslaughter charges in a Brisbane court over his time as a surgeon in Bundaberg.n' It is unacceptable in the 21st century that almost one in six of the world's population (1 billion) is now going hungry UN b'It is impossible for any city in the world to improve infrastructure to keep pace with the rise in vehicular population.' b'Fingerprint unmasks new Da Vinci painting, sold for $19,000 at auction as a 19th century German work. Swedish collector used multispectral digital imaging to peer through layers of pigment, discovering a fingerprint that proved the painting is a Da Vinvi worth $160 million.' b'NOT an Onion article Saudis Seek Payments for Any Drop in Oil Revenue ' b'Colombian hitmen reveal horror of the kill. People need to eat and there's a lot of hunger. We don't just want the crumbs. That's the big problem. There's a lot of idle hands around here and many people think they have a chance if they have a gun in their hand.' b'Israel must end unfair jailing  Israel holds hundreds of Palestinians without trial or any way to clear their names, say two Israeli rights groups which urge an end to such detentions.' b'Russia insist that it has the right to launch preemptive nuclear strikes' b'Mussolini was paid by MI5 to be a warmonger' b'Restrictive abortion laws do not prevent abortion The most recent data available, for 2003, show that a woman is as likely to have an abortion in regions where it is broadly legal as in regions where it is highly restricted. [chart]' b'A second attempt to stop oil pouring into Australian waters after a rig accident in the Timor Sea has failed.' b'India has rejected a demand by the Albanian government for the return of the remains of Nobel laureate Mother Teresa' b'Thousands of overseas students unable to enter UK' b'Palestinians say hopes in Obama evaporated and that he couldn't withstand the pressure of the Zionist lobby' Youth 'cannot live' without we Italian dictator Benito Mussolini 'was recruited by MI5'  b'Admin Can we put a flag next to articles in the worldnews subreddit to show what country an article is about?' b'BBCs Former Director General  The BBC Is Part Of A Conspiracy Preventing The Radical Changes Needed To UK Democracy  ' b'Military Records Banner Recruiting Year, because the job market is so bad.' Strange alliance The Philippines government has asked the country's largest Muslim separatist group to help find and free an Irish Catholic priest from pirates. The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has apparently vowed to help.  b'Iranian officials have sentenced to death three protesters who participated in demonstrations following the nations disputed presidential election in June.' b'When Palestinians turn to peaceful demonstrations, the occupation forces start shooting to kill them before anybody knows it' b'Iraq report 85,000 Iraqis killed from 200408' World's smallest man reveals 18th birthday wish to find a wife  Israel  and only Israel  will decide whether to attack Iran's nukes b'Germanys Policy of Avoidance How Blunt Can One Be about Integration?' b'Russia reserves preemptive nuclear strike right' Britain faces looming threat of terror from 'neoNazis' out to kill black people, Jews and gaysn b'US embassy found involved in importing weapons to Pakistan' b'In September 2009, Fallujah General Hospital had 170 new born babies, 24% of whom were dead within the first seven days, a staggering 75% of the dead babies were classified as deformed.' b'A study proving Jewish and Islamic methods of slaughtering animals are painful has led to renewed calls for a ban in Britain' b'Peasants Worldwide Rise up Against Monsanto, GMOs La Via Campesina is mobilizing globally along with allies in an overwhelming expression of outright rejection of Monsanto and GMOs, in the name of food sovereignty' b'As the secret AntiCounterfeiting (actually antipiracy) Trade Agreement rolls forward, it's clear that some kind of Internet enforcement will end up in the text; but what kind? Thirtyeight corporate lawyers and 4 public interest lawyers are the only ones with a say.' b'China sentences Guo Quan to 10 years in prison for  advocating multiparty democracy' b'Brazil  Rio gangs shoot down police chopper, set 3 buses on fire. 2 cops and 3 civilians dead' b'Why do they keep trying to hide shit like this? When they eventually have to give up, they just end up looking like even bigger douchebags for trying to cover it up in the first place.' Canada's military peers into future, and it's scary nIn the worstcase scenarios, oil prices quadruple, drones patrol the skies, global wars spill into cities b'Dead man slumped on balcony mistaken for Halloween decoration' b'Maldives government holds a cabinet meeting underwater, in scuba gear.  The president then continues with a press conference, still in water, highlighting the threat of global warming to the nation.' Ottawa police finds Bishop Lahey's laptop contains porn files, many showing young males involved in sexual acts b'Ever hear of the Maoists in India? Now the Indian Air Force will bomb tribal villages in an escalating civil war.' The Good Rabbi forced to resign over City protest.nThe rabbi of Britain's oldest synagogue has stood down after a row over his part in a demonstration against the role of banks in the financial crisis.nn b'Ayers Rock to Be Closed for Religious Reasons?' African churches accuse thousands of children as  'witches,' many tortured and killed b'Maldives holds worlds first underwater cabinet meeting' b'EU Lisbon Treaty to become law within weeks after Czech president concedes defeat' b'Zimbabwe's Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has said his MDC party has disengaged from the unity government over the treatment of his senior aide.' b'Leftist Latin American leaders have agreed on the creation of a regional currency to scale back on the use of the US dollar as well as economic sanctions against Honduran coup leaders.' b'Trafigura offers deal to 31,000 Africans over dumped waste to avoid lengthy, costly and highly embarrassing court action that was due to begin at the High Court in London in Oct 2009' Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero wants to introduce abortion on demand and allow 16yrolds to have an abortion without their parents' knowledge b'What prize do you get if you win a quiz in Somalia? ' b'Collection of news articles, when pieced together, suggest that Senegal tried to set up an IMF worker.' b'PAKISTAN Police illegally remove the courtordered protection of a torture victim' Blackwater used 'child prostitutes in Iraq' Uruguay has become the first country to provide a laptop for every child attending state primary school. And they're running Linux. Africa's Atrocities in Pictures [Graphic NSFW] b'A Russian academic investigating the fate of ethnic Germans deported by Stalin during World War II was arrested and ordered to remain silent by the FSB, who seized his research.' b'On a date in Tehran' Canadian health care  it's their right In contrast to the US, where health care is a commodity, Canada has, so far, treated it like a human right. b'Baby survives being run over by a train (video) [potentially quite distressing]' Charlie Brooker Why there was nothing 'human' about Jan Moir's column on the death of Stephen Gately Israel's PM If UN backs war crimes accusations there will be no chance of peace in Middle Eastn b'A Russian survey shows that more than 40% favor a leader with an iron fist to democracy.' Twitter storm over 'vile' Daily Mail column on gay singers death. Press Complaints Council approaches record number of complaints. Bosnia's war crimes court gives former Serb officer Milorad Trbic 30 years for killing dozens and taking part in the persecution and detention of thousands during the 1995 Srebrenica massacre of some 8,000 Muslims, but acquits him of genocide charges due to lack of evidence b'Jan Moir  possibly the most hated journalist in the UK right now? Read the comments...' b'Chavez Hilton owners were cheeky, so we seized hotel (Not onion)' The Pakistani military is setting its sights on the Taliban's remote sanctuary after nearly two weeks of big bombings across the country, as hundreds flee the Afghan border region each day before what promises to be the army's riskiest offensive yet. b'Britain, the US, and Torture David Miliband is Still a Liar' b'UK CarterRuck in new move to stop Trafigura debate in parliament.' b'British court orders release of U.S. intelligence details on torture allegations' b'One in six of world's population is now going hungry At a time when there are more hungry people in the world than ever before, there is less food aid than we have seen in living memory.' b'Sri Lanka refugees, we have lived in forest for one month. Please, sir, please take us to a country. It's OK if it is not Australia... We can't live in Sri Lanka, said a nineyearold girl, Brinda, who is moored with more than 250 Tamil asylum seekers. Australia's PM is not impressed.' b'South Sudan has achieved a breakthrough in talks with the north over terms for a referendum. It would now only need a simply majority with twothirds voting, instead of the 75% in favor previously insisted upon by the north.' With friends like the US, Pakistan doesn't need enemies... b'Venezuela  After the firingnof 17 prosecutors, the attempted kidnapping of a judge's children, and thenfull bore effort of the state to fake a case against an innocent man, the court asks for Eligio Cedeo' immediate release.' b'UN rights council endorses damning Gaza report' Iraq After the mosque's imam began to speak, the attacker pulled out a gun and shot him, then set off a belt full of explosives as other worshipers tried to tackle him; 12 killed, 67 wounded b'Man donates rape reward to victim' b'CERN physicist from LHC team admits links with alQaida' b'France Why Telecom workers kill themselves  In their suicide notes, some 24 French victims blame workplace climate.' b'Turkey has canceled an annual NATO drill that was to have taken place this week because it opposed Israeli participation' b'Mexicos LyFC ( company that supplies electric power to four central states and the capital ) is disappeared and installations raided  by federal police.Problems with union ahead.' b'Militants dead, arrested as Pakistan Army HQ siege ends' b'Pakistani security forces rescue hostages held by militants.' b'Mexican Mayor Latest Drug War Casualty' b'Turkey and Armenia sign accords to normalize relations' b'In Afghanistan, more women are driving' Israel to Palestinians If you don't want to be collectively punished, forget supporting a UN investigation of Gaza war collective punishment    b'Colombia renames their disgraced intelligence agency to Central Intelligence Agency.  I guess they no longer feel compelled to maintain their facade of sovereignty.' Damage to UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown's eye raises questions about his future  is he preparing the ground for an exit strategy Sick soldier dies of cancer after being given smoker's lungs in transplant. Lungs had cancer before implanted.  b'IRAQ Bomb attack on Sunni Imam killed because he criticized AlQaeda' b'CHINA Death sentence for a Chinese Han, at the origin of Xinjiang clashes' b'UN Charter Members shall refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state... The Sec Council shall determine the existence of any threat to the peace and shall make recommendations, or decide what measures shall be taken' b'Turkey and Armenia to ReEstablish Diplomatic Ties Today Historic accord signed following last minute intervention from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.' For all the Russian nationalism in last night's Russia vs. Germany World Cup qualifier, the Russian team was sponsored by Volkswagen b'No Afghan Involved In 9/11 Attacks Afghan Warlord' b'Chinese Dissidents Disappointed By Obamas Nobel Peace Prize' b'Afghan Hezbollah?  An alternative Approach' b' Islam, Israel and the United States ' b'Clinton terrorists increasing threat to Pakistan' South Africa ANC's coup in Kennedy Road; Shack dwellers `Our movement is under attack!' b'China detects deadly nerve gas at border with NKorea report' b'Quiz Can you name all the countries of the world in 15 minutes? ' b'This is where Russian gas comes from Yamal peninsula native Nenets people will see their nomadic lifestyle destroyed by oil and gas industry' Director of rightwing lobby group the Taxpayer's Alliance lives in France and doesn't pay British tax b'Iran  Three sentenced to death over election protests' b'Landowners in Honduras hired Colombian paramilitaries, UN says' b'South Africa drug kingpin gave top cop, onetime  Interpol president, gifts as friend.' b'Civilian deaths are down this year in the Israelioccupied West Bank and residents face fewer disruptions. The secret? Counterinsurgency tactics imported from Iraq that emphasize building up living conditions over simply hunting down militants.' b'German Chancellor Angela Merkel criticised the efforts of Google to build a massive digital library, saying the Internet should not be exempt from copyright laws. '  Samples of ancient air extracted from deep inside the Antarctic and Greenland ice caps make it clear that CO2 is scarce in the atmosphere during ice ages and relatively abundant during warmer interglacial periods  like the one we're in now.   b'Washington Post Instead Of Obama, The Nobel Peace Prize Should Go To Neda Of Iran' b'Senate and Congress Helps DoD Hide Torture Photos. Stash the illegal activity in an appropriations bill. ' b'A Brazilian TV presenter and politician accused of  ordering killings to popularise his own television  show has handed himself in to police to face  charges.' b'Israeli Cabinet minister warns Iran will be destroyed if it attacks Israel' b'Twoyearold with same IQ as Einstein' b'Feeding the world which countries are most at risk?' b'Kremlin accused of fixing Russian vote nOpposition charges voting for Moscow city council is rigged in advance.' b'Yahoo vigorously denies charges that it turned over user names to Iran' b'Nobel Peace Prize fully exposes the illusion that is Barack Obama' b'All indigenous peoples of the world have the United  Nationsendorsed right not to be colonised' b'French marines on trawlers repel pirates in Indian Ocean' b'Gunmen attack Pakistani army HQ and take hostages' Pretoria Metro cop 'leads' robbery gang. b'Ethiopia Just too many babies' b'The report and question that The Guardian is being gagged for  wikileaks to the rescue.' b'Guardian gagged from reporting parliament |nttttMedia |nttttThe Guardian' b'Last surviving members of an ancient Amazonian tribe are a tragic testament to greed and genociden' b'1. claim to be a law firm, 2. threaten people to sue over copyright/filesharing unless they submit 500, 3. send out lots of mails, 4. ???, 5. profit.' b'41 killed, 45 hurt as bombings continue in Pakistan' b'Black youth worker arrested for watching police wins compensation  nBritish Transport Police to pay 22,000 to man handcuffed and held for four hours after witnessing teenager being detained' b'UK approve cigarette vending machine ban ' Food production will have to increase by 70% over the next 40 years to feed the world's growing population, b'CarterRuck the man who's firm tried to gag the Guardian ...he did for freedom of speech what the Boston Strangler did for doortodoor salesmen.' b'Global homicide murder rates around the world' AlQaeda 'faces funding crisis' b'British pilot diverts pathfinder bomb away from Taleban target and  into desert to save Afghan civilians [vid]' b'Romania plunged deeper into political turmoil govt falls on no confidence vote' b'260 asylum seekers from Sri Lanka board a boat headed for Australia.  Aussie PM Kevin Rudd makes a personal plea to Indonesia to intercept the boat. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to West Java.' b'Indian Govt says Arunachal integral part of India after Chinese protest' b'Iranian Journalists Flee, Fearing Retribution for Covering Protests' Afghan leader accused of meddling in fraud probe. Karzai's man Barakzai resigned from the Electoral Complaints Commission to discredit their findings. Sri Lanka has announced that it will hold its presidential election two years ahead of schedule. The president and parliament are banking on their popularity in the wake of the LTTE's defeat, and may use that popularity to remove term limits from their constitution. b'Nuclear weapons [...] are weapons of the weak.' Russia and the US have pledged to work together to ensure Iran's nuclear programme is for peaceful purposes b'Amazing picture of an unusual ring that has mysteriously appeared over Moscow' b'Zionazism made easy in 4 steps' b'A UNbacked offensive to destroy a Hutu rebel group in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo has had disastrous humanitarian consequences, with more than 1,000 civilians killed, 7,000 raped, and 900,000 forced from their homes.' Russian FM Threats of Iran sanctions won't work b'Musician Changes Tone of Impoverished Village ' b'Police forces across Canada... are immediately changing their Taser use policy after the manufacturer issued a directive that officers should not aim the weapon at a suspect's chest.' b'Charlie Brooker on the aging process.' b'Berlusconi I am the best prime minister ever ... I am absolutely the politician most persecuted by prosecutors in the entire history of the world throughout the ages.' Welcome to Debt City Expats who took out loans during Dubai's good times now flee or face jail b'Turns out the conspiracy theorists were right Interpol and the United Nations are poised to become partners in fighting crime by jointly grooming a global police force that would be deployed as peacekeepers among rogue nations riven by war and organized crime' 'Embarrassing' Incident in Gulf of Suez German Ship Transporting Arms for Iran b'Russians gripped by YouTube video claims of government role in hedge fund scam' Research by the Royal Melbourne Children's Hospital suggests children under the age of two should not watch any TV at all. No one will ever know how Afghans voted in their  country's presidential elections on Aug. 20, 2009.  Seven weeks after the polling, the U.N.backed  Electoral Complaints Commission (ECC) is still  trying to separate fraudulent tallies from ballots.  b'One year since banking collapse, Icelands crisis deepens ' Child labour is illegal in Bolivia, but almost  320,000 of the country's children and adolescents in extreme conditions, in the mines, Brazil nut plantations and sugar cane field, earning less than $5 a day Turkey has postponed a joint air force drill after opposing Israel's participation because of the war in Gaza. The U.S. announces plans to send the USS George Washington to the South Korean port of Busan on Tuesday; North Korea fires five shortrange missiles off its coast and declared a 'no sail' zone in the area from October 1020. Probably just a coincidence. b'I don't think it's nice to have diversity anywhere, myself. BNP wives  a 46minute documentary on the British rightwing' b'Jordan is one of the most waterscarce countries in the world. High population growth and the depletion of groundwater reserves are threatening to aggravate this situation in the future.' b'Zhanglidong, China  Visitors can smell this village long before they see it' b'China to continue birth control policy vice premier' N Korea 'testfires two missiles'  b'The Top 3 Isms in the Middle East' b'Benefits of Piracy in Somalia Scared international fishing trawlers avoid region and as a result, local fishing thriving' b'Study suggests many of the Canadians who died or hospitalised earlier this year with H1N1 virus were young adults, female and aboriginal' Afghanistan Interview with Malalai Joya  The occupation is `a war on the Afghan people' 'Crumbs instead of Cake'  Germany's New  Government Faces Reality Check b'40 years later, man arrested for New York plane hijacking ' b'Amazon To Charge Oz Kindle Users 40 Percent Extra Per Book ' The Nobel Peace Prize 2010 goes to Liu Xiaobo for his long and nonviolent struggle for fundamental human rights in China. Belgian police beat up protesters, tear the clothes off one protester when she refuses a strip search in front of men, and abduct another and threaten her with rape China has angrily condemned the decision to award the Nobel Peace Prize to jailed Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo China's bestknown dissident, who is serving 11 years in prison, is probably unaware he has won the Nobel Peace Prize. 'You will all die' Crazed man's vow to terrified passengers as he tries to open exit door midair after praying in Hebrew

 No right to a lawyer during interrogation, Supreme Court rules (Canada)  WTF woman warned over 'child grooming' for giving a child a 'cookie' at school where she works . . . Late soldier's letters tell of rapes at camp Capt. Nichola Goddard, who in 2006 became the first female Canadian combat death, wrote to her husband that women working at bases in Afghanistan were often victims of sexual harassment or assault [...] Britain is so broke, that they are considering to have France service their nuclear warheads Israel's new 'loyalty oath' will require nonJewish citizens (and only nonJewish citizens) to swear allegiance to the Jewish and democratic state of Israel. Jews will not be required to take the oath because many ultraOrthodox Jews are known to be disloyal to the Israeli state.  Whale Wars Sinking claim exposes Sea Shepherd feud  apparently they sunk their own ship Immigrants should pay 5,000 pounds to use public services UK MP Three major Asian space powers  China, India, Japan  suffered satellite failures during the second half of 2010  Chilean miners braced for release as drill breakthrough due in hours 2 more bodies found in Hungary's red sludge  Jewish Settler leader runs over rock throwing youths in Silwan  Trapped Chilean miners show hidden depths after two months underground  Interpol seeks arrest of serving Pakistani army officers over Mumbai attacks 57 NATO tankers set ablaze in fresh assaults Arsenic and mercury in Hungary spill  Why The Natives Revolted  The [Tony] Blair mindset seems to say that Americans, Israelis, and British...can react forcefully with war and sanctions to the policies that anger or hurt them, while Arabs and Asians...are not allowed to activate a similar human condition and reaction. In defence of South African academics' successful call for a boycott of Israel The recent statement by German President Christian Wulff that Islam belongs in Germany has provoked something of a conservative backlash. The German press is divided on whether the presence of Muslims in Germany is selfevident or cause for concern. New Delhi's sewage system is choked by thousands of condoms which have been flushed down the toilets in the athletes' village.  In Hunt for Dubai Hit Men, Tantalizing Trail Goes Cold  Canadian couple who discovered that their fetus was likely to have Down's Syndrome decided that they wanted to have an abortion. The problems was the fetus was being carried by a surrogate, who wanted to carry the pregnancy to term. Lightning kills entire soccer team during game. China forces wife of Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo to leave Beijing Breakthrough in Chile mine rescue The Real Challenge from China Its People, Not Its Currency  Fareed Zakaria's debut TIME article SUNLIGHT! Chile miners have a way out now, and all it needs is final testing before they can start to evacuate. The threat of International Criminal Court prosecutions of Israel moves from theory to reality Relatives of the dead and their lawyers ask the ICC to open a case against Israel for the deadly attack on the Gaza Aid Flotilla in international waters. The Nobel committee once again displayed its arrogance and prejudice against a country that has made the most remarkable economic and social progress in the past three decades.  Chinese Newspaper Editorial Blast kills Afghan governor On the Hungarian red sludge This morning the goverment evacuated Kolontar (the closest town to the reservior), and ready to evacuate Devecser, since there is a great possibilty that another spill happens. The northern part of the dam is showing numerous cracks, and reports show it will fall down. French court approves veil ban Country's highest legal authority gives the green light to a ban on facial veils, despite previous warnings against it Russian students pose in lingerie for a proPutin calendar celebrating Vladimir Putin's 58th birthday. Mexico's President Calderon opposes marijuana legalization in California Tens of thousands take part in Munich antinuclear protest  Opponents of the German government's plans for nuclear power claim success after a major demonstration in Munich. The event was the largest of its kind in Bavaria for more than two decades. Iran says Western spies infiltrated its nuclear program Angry China Blocks Nobel Prize Celebration The police in Beijing on Friday broke up a banquet honoring the dissident Liu Xiaobo for winning the Nobel Peace Prize.  NATO tankers torched in new attack in Pakistan Iran acknowledges espionage at nuclear facilities China's Burden of Shame  Today's Nobel Peace Prize announcement is a reminder that the Chinese people will never earn the full respect of the world until their government respects them first. Pakistan will reopen a border crossing today, which had been closed for a week in protest of a NATO helicopter attack which killed two of their soldiers. During this time almost 150 trucks with supplies were stranded and destroyed French national police force  la Gendarmerie  accused of operating a secret and illegal database of Roma and other travelling minorities Nato tankers again hit in Pakistan NATO Sends More Troops to North Kosovo The 22.5 million Turkish members of Facebook may lose access to the popular socialnetworking site, as a result of a court case filed by an opposition leader.  A government minister who has defended Turkeys bans on YouTube and other popular websites hinted  that Facebook could share the same fate. Which are the best  and worstrun countries in Africa?  Panama court overturns US tycoon's will to leave $50m to poor children  says it should go to his millionaire family instead Japan's Okinawa island is the reluctant host of US military bases. Residents hate the US bases that Japan can't give up. In April,  90,000 residents gathered to protest, in the biggest show of opposition for 15 years French women cause a stir in niqab and daisy duke shorts in antiburka ban protest, aka the NiqaBitches Millions march in France against austerity as opposition to Sarkozy grows. The growing mass opposition to President Nicolas Sarkozys pension cuts was expressed Saturday on the streets of Francebetween a million and 3 million people participated in 240 demonstrations throughout the country. Congo is the U.N.s crowning failure, If the women being raped were the daughters or wives or mothers of the power elites, I can promise you this war would have ended about 12 years ago. You can attack Israeli policy without being antiJewish  Roger Waters ACS Law firm hate piracy, but think it's ok to steal others lawyers work. Pot Kettle Black in extremis! The CIA and American military are currently interrogating a German jihadist at the Bagram air base in Afghanistan. His warnings of impending attacks in Europe, apparently financed by Osama bin Laden, have alarmed US authorities  but the German intelligence community is more skeptical. True cost of cheap pineapples in UK supermarkets 
Workers in developing nations endure injury, chemicals, low wages and union repression so British consumers can pay less Geert Wilders trial for inciting racial hatred opens in Netherlands Accused of provoking hatred against Muslims with remarks comparing Islam  to nazism and by calling for a ban on the Qur'an Silvio Berlusconi condemned by Vatican newspaper for 'deplorable' jokes Italian PM filmed telling jokes depicting Jews as moneygrabbers and using Italian language's most offensive religious oath British IVF pioneer Robert Edwards wins Nobel prize Israeli Soldiers Convicted of Using Boy as Shield Canadian court tossed out key provisions of its antiprostitution laws, saying they did more harm than good Who's Threatening Whom?  A map of US military bases encircling Iran. Bulgarians proud to see one of their own as president of Brazil Indonesian minister draws fire for posting antigay comments on Twitter and joking about people with AIDS. Israel says it has launched a 'widespread' investigation into an attack on a West Bank mosque blamed on Jewish settlers. ACSLaw Boss I Feel Defeated And Could Go Bankrupt Dutch antiIslamist MP Geert Wilders goes on trial Israeli soldiers used child as human shield Britain Cuts Child Benefits for Wealthier Families  Mr. Osborne said that families making 44,000 pounds per year  about $70,000  would not qualify for the benefit, which pays 20.4 pounds per week for a first child and 13.40 for subsequent children.  8 German nationals killed in U.S. drone attack in NW Pakistan Study Shows that Marijuana Does Not Necessarily Make You Stupid For years, marijuana has been blamed for the shortterm memory loss in users, but now research has found that not all marijuana effects memory in the same way. NATO Oil Tankers Detonated as Pakistan Resistance Intensifies  In Israel, a chief education official was fired after denying evolution and global warming. An Israeli military court on Sunday convicted two soldiers of using a Palestinian child as a human shield by forcing him to check for booby traps during the 20082009 Gaza war. The worstever chemical accident in Hungary It's an ecological catastrophe Bangladesh court rules against compelling women to wear burqa Graphene yeilds a nobel prize in physics. Former Societe Generale trader Jerome Kerviel was found guilty of breach of trust by a Paris court on Tuesday for his role in a trading scandal that cost the bank close to 5 billion euros ($7 billion). A new, more draconian tax on bonuses should be 
slapped on banks, a leading Liberal Democrat said 
tonight after the Royal Bank of Scotland chairman 
admitted that regulation was the only way to 
restrain the annual bonanza for bankers. An Israeli military court convicted two soldiers on Sunday of using a 9yearold Palestinian boy as a human shield by forcing him to check bags for explosives... Video showing an Israeli soldier bellydancing next to a woman who is a blindfolded and handcuffed Well, thank god for the European Parliament Lost Language Found In Use in India U.S. drones kill German citizens 
Militants in Pakistan allegedly training for Mumbaistyle attacks. In the aftermath of the flotilla incident, Turkey's trade relations with Israel grew by over 40%  wait what? Stay classy, IDF A rogue trader must pay back 4.9 billion euros in damage for illicit trading to his former employer, the French bank Socit Gnrale... A perfect scapegoat was found, I guess we can all go grab our sticks and pitchfork and start blaming traders again... Parisian flat containing 2.1 million painting lay untouched for 70 years Nobel prize for Physics goes to team from University of Manchester for work on graphene Money Is Power  A Inside View of the IMF's Massive Global Influence  Extensive Article on the Growing Influence of the International Monetary Fund The Philippine House of Representatives has approved a bill criminalising the improper singing of the country's national anthem. Car bomb explodes near Londonderry shopping centre, Northern Ireland The slow scamper of the black squirrel European soldiers are training 2,000 Somalis to 
help build a national army to defend a weak, 
Westernbacked government in Mogadishu, Somalia Australia police say 13 Taser shocks were too much  Police say a graphic video of an unarmed man Tasered 13 times shows an unacceptable misuse of stun guns, as questions are raised about how much the devices are used in Australia. BBC News  Deadly sludge escape kills three in western Hungary Indonesia's president has cancelled a trip to the Netherlands citing a court case launched by Malukan separatists who want him arrested over human rights abuses. Australian study the only effect of legalizing prostitution is an improvement in the health of sex workers BREAKING  FBI Arrests 133 In Puerto Rico Corruption Case. Many Are Police Officers (6 Oct, 1255) The French capital is notorious for its traffic jams. Now the mayor of Paris has come up with a bold new plan to rid his city of tens of thousands of cars. If he pulls it off, the ecar sharing scheme may become a trailblazer for other congested cities around the world.  In the last 10 days, Israeli settlers have launched a massive building campaign in the occupied Palestinian territories.  Construction has begun for over 350 brand new buildings exclusively for Jewish settlers. Vote Cameron, Get Murdoch. Channel 4 Dispatches investigates the staggering intimidation News International holds over the police, politicians and rival media outlets and how David Cameron's press officer knew of illegal phone hacking when he was the editor of the News of the World. Tax minimum wage workers  Minimum wage workers should be taxed to help boost the public finances, business leaders claimed today. The Death of Egypt's Free Press In the runup to November's parliamentary elections, President Hosni Mubarak's allies are silencing what remains of the independent media. For the first time since its founding three decades ago, a poll suggests the German Green party has overtaken the Social Democrats in popularity, bolstering the Greens' claim that they are the main opposition party. Germany has moved a step closer to ridding its soil of atomic weapons, bowing out of the nuclear sharing agreement under which its fighter jets can be used to drop US bombs, media reported on Wednesday. Hungary remains in a state of emergency in the wake of a toxic sludge spill that has left seven villages swamped. Fears have been raised that the sludge could pollute the nearby Danube, Europe's second longest river. 
More bodies (and other strange sights) on Brazil's Street View. A Tumblr feed called Street Viu was set up so Brazilians could offer their most interesting images from the new service. In just a few days this feed has offered quite a fascinating look at what the Google cameras captured. After an earthquake in Christchurch New Zeland Red Cross can't give aid money away as people generally don't need it, so tell people to use it to by flat screen TV's and go on holiday. Meanwhile in the rest of the world people in real need go without.  Oktoberfest Revellers Drank Record 7 Million Liters of Beer Man caught with uranium in Purulia  Owners of the Boston Red Sox buying Liverpool FC for about 300 million The Specter of Protectionism  World Faces New Wave of Currency Wars  An American bill imposing punitive tarifs on countries that undervalue their currencies is set to unleash a new trade war between the US and China. But in fact the whole global currency system is in a state of jeopardy. Today AIPAC is working hard to prevent an extension of the Israeli settlement freeze in the occupied Palestinian territories, contravening the wishes of the President of the United States. Maths prodigy is the youngest Cambridge fresher since 1773 In Israel, there is an unspoken ban on performing the works of antiSemitic composer Richard Wagner. The announcement that an Israeli orchestra will perform at the Wagner Festival in Bayreuth has caused a stir at home.  Blast near UK embassy in Yemen Linguists uncover 'hidden' language in north India Together, mainland China and India currently contain nearly two out of every five people in the worldand are equal in size to the world population in 1950. See their demographics compared. Report Ethiopian Jews Allegedly Being Given Controversial Birth Control Drug. There is a raging controversy in Israel where feminists and doctors have accused health officials of using a controversial birth control drug Depo Provera on female Ethiopian immigrants. Chilean miners could be out by the weekend In an apparent concession to the increasingly outspoken opposition to Stuttgart's train station renovation plan, the state premier of BadenWuerttemberg has agreed to stop demolition related to the project. Hungarian sludge spill reaches Danube river (PICTURES) Representatives of US security agencies want further concessions from the EU to ensure free access to police computers, bank transfers and airline passenger data in the fight against terror. But members of the European Parliament have said they will resist the moves. American Jew charged with attempted espionage | Elliot Doxer, 42, allegedly wanted to help our homeland, gave confidential documents to an FBI agent posing as an Israeli. A  thrilling investigation into Viktor Bout, blackmarket Russian arms dealer, recently captured in Thailand. Portrays him as intelligent, calm, exacting businessman. No scruples, no ideology  A Kenyan cabinet minister who called for greater acceptance of gays by society has been accused of promoting 'unAfrican' acts and asked to resign. The touching journal of a tragic soldier who foretold his death and wrote how disgraceful his equipment was before being killed in action two weeks later is going on display China's True Intentions in Congo  Using military aid to secure mining operations in wartorn Eastern DRC Mexican president Felipe Calderon suggests abolishing 2,000 local police departments throughout Mexico due to endemic corruption Seized Vietnam boat shows China double standard French court rules burqa ban constitutional, the last step before clearing the law for passage The Indian state of Kerala is famous as the land of coconuts. But climbing trees has been the only way to pick them. Until now... The case against NATO  Nine years after September 11, it no longer makes sense (if it ever did) to be asking Canadian and British soldiers, among others, to risk their lives for what has always been an American war in Afghanistan. Top disaster relief officials in Hungary say the toxic spill has killed all water life in the small Marcal river. Higherthannormal pH levels have also been recorded in a tributary of the Danube. 2 Mozambicans killed for 'witchcraft'  Two men, both at least 70 years old, were lynched by their families in central Mozambique because they were suspected of witchcraft, the staterun daily O Pais reported on Thursday. Israel Is Now Punishing Palestinians Shamelessly What is delaying treatment of a 47yearold Palestinian woman, if not punishment of someone who opposes her foreign rulers? Report Israel unleashed Americanmade WMD's on defenseless neighbors We donated our xkcd volume 0 profits to Room to Read to promote literacy in the developing world  now we're visiting each location. Here's Laos. Interpol issues notice against 2 Pakistan Army majors in 26/11 Mumbai attacks case And the Nobel Peace Prize Goes to  Hungary Toxic red sludge has reached the Danube Vietnam demands release of fishermen Nato contractors 'attacking own vehicles' in Pakistan Baby dies after monkey snatches it from home  Pressure grows on David Cameron's press officer Andy Coulson as police contact former colleague over News of the World phone hacking scandal Interactive Pictures Highlighting the Toxic Sludge Tidal Wave Surging Through Hungary Canada just passed the Combating Terrorist Act which will allow terrorism suspects to be jailed without trial for up to 12 months. So far no mainsteam Canadian media has even reported it. US infected Guatemalans with syphilis in 1940s  A college professor has discovered that the US govt in the 1940s infected Guatemalans with sexually transmitted diseases in an experiment conducted without the knowledge of the 1,500 men and women  some of them patients in a mental hospital. US medical tests in Guatemala 'crime against humanity' Live video of the crazy ass shit that's going on in Quito right now  police and military are shooting at each other outside Correa's hospital Norway Israeli subs banned from testing in our waters Chile miners An infographic showing what they get This is what happens when you try to cut wages and raise the retirement age; Spaniards turn Russell Crow Gladiator on that ass in a heartbeat. (20 Photos) Ancient giant penguin unearthed in Peru Iceland's politicians forced to flee from angry protesters. Thousands take to the streets of Reykjavik as anger erupts over the impact of the financial crisis Germany's police used water cannons, batons and pepper spray against peaceful protesters including school children  Computer experts discovered biblical reference embedded in the code of the Stuxnet worm that has pointed to Israel as the origin of the cyber attack Body scanners used as porn by airport security, Nigeria Good job Iraq!  You just broke the world record for the country that has gone the longest between holding parliamentary elections and forming a government.  Angry Police Teargas Ecuadorian President  State of Emergency Declared. You Don't Bring a Praseodymium Knife to a Gunfight  On October 1, 1965, the CIA overthrew Indonesia's President Sukarno. But there is more to it than that. It's another story of 20th century mass murder; a major war crime by the U.S. government. Spanish fathers entitled to breastfeeding leave  CNN.com Fuck 3D I want Super HiVision. The three main UK parties are led by Oxbridgeeducated white men in their 40s who are all former advisers.  US sorry over deliberate sex infections in Guatemala Chile's mines minister says an attempt to rescue 33 trapped miners will begin in the second half of October  earlier than previously predicted. Australian soldiers charged with multiple child killings in Afghanistan  Three special forces commandos were charged this week by the Australian Director of Military Prosecutions over the killing of five Afghan children on February 12, 2009. Ecuador army and police exchange fire at hospital  UN report says DR Congo killings may be genocide Government investigating herbal prozac  For hundreds of years, indigenous South Africans have chewed a plant which they say reduces stress, relieves hunger, sedates and elevates moods.