 Colombian prison drain pipes yield over 100 dismembered corpses Scientists warn of coming global disaster because of water inequality.We are revealing a global disaster in the making, yet we are seeing very little coordinated response. Blast hits Ankara military building ISIS beheads 15yearold Iraqi boy for listening to pop music N. Korea prepares for terror attacks on S. Korea intelligence unit Huge explosion hits Turkish Centre, Stockholm, Sweden Fastgrowing tumbleweed called hairy panic blows into Australian city  Dry grass piles up around homes in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria  at times reportedly reaching roof height New LSE report recommends 'War on Drugs' is replaced by the Sustainable Development Goals.The question now is not, whether to end the war on drugs, but what to replace its failed policies with, Obama to travel to Cuba President Barack Obama is planning to travel to Cuba within the next month, becoming the first U.S. president to do so since Calvin Coolidge. Vatican says abortion is 'illegitimate response' to Zika virus Italy names Turkish president's son in money laundering investigation allegedly connected to political corruption | Europe | News Syrian rebels say reinforcements get free passage via Turkey Panasonic to recognize samesex partnerships in rare step for conservative Japan Former Dutch PM Balkenende smuggled beer into Arab palace Our 1st sex with Neanderthals happened 100,000 yrs ago  It was a 2way street. Many carry Neanderthal DNA due to crossspecies liaisons. Now it seems some Neanderthals carried our DNA too. 1 chunk of modern DNA found in Neanderthals was inside a gene linked to language development. Six soldiers killed in southeast Turkey bomb attack Swine flu Three hospital wards closed in Leicester, UK after 14 cancer patients diagnosed with virus Pentagon North Korean special forces 'highly trained, wellequipped' Lockheed Martin ready to manufacture F16 jets in India, Lockheed supplied six C130J Super Hercules planes to India in 2011 and will be delivering another six helicopters in 2017 Ankara blast Turkey PM says Syria Kurds to blame Venezuela president raises fuel price by 6,000% and devalues bolivar to tackle crisis El Nio has passed peak strength but impacts will continue, UN warns Explosion hits another Turkish military convoy one day after Ankara attack Pakistans parliament becomes first in world to run entirely on solar power | The seat of the government in the countrys capital, Islamabad, is now wholly powered by the sun Cash for Life Guaranteed Annual Income Gaining Steam in Canada Goldman Sachs banker embroiled in massive overseas money scandal Student worker paid just 47 cents an hour by 7Eleven $1billion dollars worth of meth hidden in bra inserts Its legal for GCHQ to break into computers and install spyware, tribunal rules Israel boycott ban Shunning Israeli goods to be criminal offence for [UK] councils, public bodies and student unions Saudi Arabia begins massive military drill in volatile Middle East  2,500 warplanes, 20,000 tanks and 350,000 troops to take part Exclusive Samples confirm Islamic State used mustard gas in Iraq  diplomat New species that causes Lyme Disease discovered at Mayo Clinic Brazilian state suspends larvicide which doctors have linked to Microcephaly Turkey shells Kurdish positions in northern Syria for second day, Damascus urges UN intervention Death toll in Syria adjusted to 470,000 deaths Merkel isolated as EU partners slam door on refugees George Osborne's family business 'has not paid corporation tax for seven years' Israel to Appoint Muslim Arab in Second Highest Rank in Police Force USregistered aircraft impounded by Zimbabwe after body and millions of Rand found on board North Korea took 70 percent of Kaesong wages for weapons program South Korea More than 200 sailors, some of them still serving, have joined a class action against the Royal Australian Navy alleging they were tricked into signing up for four years under false promises they would leave with a trade. Condamine River's mysterious bubbling 'intensifying' Norway to sentence some drug addicts to treatment rather than prison | Europe | News Hamas leader We will remove the Jews from our land Suspected Russian airstrikes hit MSFbacked hospital in Syria, 9 dead, including a child 350 armed rebels enter northern Syria through Turkish border Turkey transfers 500 Islamist rebels to northern Aleppo Obama to Russia's Putin cease air campaign on moderate Syrian opposition China to provide Iran with $20bn finance The Obama administration has approved the first U.S. factory in Cuba in more than half a century, allowing a twoman company from Alabama to build a plant assembling as many as 1,000 small tractors a year for sale to private farmers in Cuba. 'Extraordinary' Cancer Breakthrough Revealed (94% of terminally ill patients with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia went into remission, study finds) Hacker unleashes 17.8GB trove of data from a Turkish national police server 'Hobbits' found on Flores island are not Homo sapiens, but mystery remains The first train to connect China and Iran arrived in Tehran, loaded with Chinese goods, reviving the ancient Silk Road France orders Facebook to stop monitoring Facebook visitors who don't sign up Sea Shepherd says it can't find Japan's whaling fleet, asks Australian government to kindly provide the coordinates. UN Expert Kim Jong Un Could Be Held Accountable for Crimes Against Humanity Most Cologne New Year's suspects are refugees, says Cologne prosecutor Ulrich Bremer VW exCEO 'Knew About Defeat Device in Early 2014' Isis stones to death four women for adultery 'after they were raped by militants', activists claim | Middle East | News Ikea accused of dodging $1.1 billion in taxes Saudis, Russia agree oil output freeze, talks with Iran to follow Russia Killed More Syrian Civilians than Assad or ISIS in January Report 50 Civilians Feared Dead in Syria as 5 Hospitals Bombed Germany expects 500,000 refugees this year newspaper Lasers are offensive weapons and must be banned'  pilots' union Global Water Shortage Worse Than Predicted Turkish warplanes violate Greek airspace 22 times within 24 hours Mexico Seizes Load of Meth Lollipops Headed for Nebraska CocaCola India shuts 3 plants citing inadequate demand BosniaHerzegovina applies for membership in European Union Turkmenistan president rewrites constitution to let him rule for life Russia rejects Syria war crimes claim over hospital attacks Sex assault Vatican pardons Indian priest convicted of rape b'Iraq currently holding giant GTFO party' b'Yemeni airliner crashes in Indian Ocean  150 people reportedly on board; fate unknown' b'BREAKING  Israel attacks Gaza Freedom Boat, kidnaps human rights workers, steals medicines and toys.' b'Today Israeli Occupation Forces attacked and boarded the Free Gaza Movement boat, the SPIRIT OF HUMANITY, abducting 21 human rights workers from 11 countries, including Noble laureate Mairead Maguire and former U.S. Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney. ' b'Israel to steal the largest section of Palestinian land since 1967 (nearly 34,345 acres, includes Dead Sea beachside tourist area) ' b'100,000 Hondurans strike We don't recognize this new government imposed by the oligarchy' b'Report Israeli Drones Killed 29 Civilians in Gaza War' b'URGENT ALERT  Israeli Navy surrounding Free  Gaza ship and threatening to open fire' Shell has *perpetrated* a 'human rights tragedy' in the Niger Delta b'Business as usual Peru approves massive oil project just days after Amazons Tiananmen' b'Jewish Americans surprised they were beaten up in Israel by law abiding god fearing typical Israelis' Canadian Mint 'loses' $15 million in Gold  not an accounting error.... b'Cynthia McKinney Reportedly Taken Captive By Israeli Navy' b'EPA Comes Clean with List of 44 Coal Ash Facilities' b'The Complicated Case of Honduras, a detailed post explaining the current situation in Honduras, unbiased.' b'ISRAEL ATTACKS JUSTICE BOAT; KIDNAPS HUMAN RIGHTS WORKERS; CONFISCATES MEDICINE, TOYS AND OLIVE TREES' b'Israeli settlers attack two Nablus villages' U.K. court Jewish school's entry policy is racist b'Israel along with friends like these the US is screwed big time' b'The Honduran military is effectively a subsidiary of the United States government. Honduras, as a whole, if any Latin American country is fully owned by the United States, its Honduras.' b'Over the course of several days in April last year, the boy says he was moved from an army camp to a prison, where he was crammed into a cell with five other children, cursed at and humiliated by the guards and beaten by his interrogator until he confessed to stonethrowing.' b'Honduras Protests outside the presidential palace grew from hundreds to thousands' b'Australia broadcaster apologizes to an Israel lobby group for Israel report that is 90% correct' b'Free Gaza ship sets sail from Larnaca' b'Former CIA officer charged in Algiers rape' British resident held in Guantanamo Bay wins legal battle to force Foreign Office to reveal 'torture' evidence b'Chinese may have killed 140 Tibetans this week Dalai Lama' b'U.S. Navy Ships Head to Georgia' b'Hacker uncovers Chinese olympic fraud' If you've ever wondered what Kim Jong Il was like in grade school, here you go. Yes, he was quite ronery. Also, ordered his former teacher's whole family killed. Russia's Nuclear Threat Is More Than Words b'Czech President I must protest aloud against the incorrect interpretation of the situation in the Caucasus.' b'50% Of All Food Produced Is Wasted Before It Gets Used' China sentences Alive in Baghdad blogger, GRL's James Powderly & 4 other citizen journalists to 10 days in jail for covering Tibet protests during the Olympics b'Go ahead and let Georgia declare war between NATO and Russia. Now, any halfwit smallcountry leader gets to audition for the role of Archduke Ferdinand' b'Cafferty Georgia Started War with Russia [vid]' b'Kazakhstan is considering diverting its oil exports away from the BTC pipeline that runs through Georgia, and using Russia instead. The reason?' Russia threatens sale of offensive weapons to Israel's enemies b'Belfast Police Confiscate Boardgame In Terrorist Crackdown' World's Oldest Man Dies At The Age Of 138 b'Russia condemns US missile deal' b'NATOs decision to freeze relations with Moscow and Washingtons inept handling of Pakistan are strategic foreign policy mistakes.' b'Sweet Sixteen or Fraudulent Fourteen,  Hackers unearth more underage gymnast allegations ' b'If Russias feeling churlish, they can pretty much bring to a grinding halt any kind of coercive actions' b'Chinese Gymnasts 14, Official Document Shows' b'Suicide attack kills at least 50 at Pakistan arms factory' b'The Abkhazian Parliament has approved an official appeal to Russia to recognise its independence' b'Georgia, Bulgaria and the Second Balkan War | afoe | A Fistful of Euros | European Opinion' Terrorist reveals Pak's sinister designs on India International Olympic Committee launches probe into He Kexin's age b'BBC New Bolivian President Suspends Indefinitely USLed Drug Enforcement Operations' b'The thirteenyear old girl was stoned to death on October 27 by dozens of men in a stadium packed with 1,000 spectators ' b'Shipping industry in crisis due to global downturn The daily rental rates for Capesize big ships have dropped $234,000 to $7,340 in weeks' b'Syria's foreign minister says his country may resort to more painful measures if the United States doesn't give an official explanation for a deadly crossborder raid.' b'Gordon Brown says your data will never be completely safe with the Government' b'Third in a series of of pipline explosions hits BC, Canada' b'Tax website shut down as memory stick with secret personal data of 12million is found in a pub car park' b'Turkey has banned 850 websites this year, including YouTube and Blogger.' b'Recordhigh interest internationally in U.S. election' b'U.N. says Colombian military executing civilians' b'DEA barred from Bolivia for supporting antigovernment groups' b'Murdoch China, India will reshape the world' More than 1,000 Icelanders took to the streets of the capital Reykjavik to demonstrate against their government's handling of the banking crisis. b'Japan struggles with WWII legacy ' Saddam Hussein's yacht up for sale China's contaminated food scandal widens b'Radical muslims in Germany advocating the killing of Jews' b'Pakistani quake surviors beg for shelter from cold' b'Warning about the current financial crisis, from more than a year ago' b'Dalai Lama says his faith in China is shrinking' b'Maliki to Show US/Iraq Troops Pact to Neighbors  Comic' b'Israel spy chief fears Jewish extremist plot' b'the lambocopalmost reason enough to become a police officer in italy!' North Korea releases photo of 'ill' Kim b'Did Georgia commit crimes in South Ossetia?' A new report suggests that the marriage of AI and robotics could replace so many jobs that the era of mass employment could come to an end Muslims are dangerous Myanmar Buddhist monks threaten democracy with support for antiMuslim laws France lifts ban on gay men as blood donors  CNN.com India sues the Queen for return of 'stolen' 100m KohiNoor diamond Pakistani college hires transgender staff in an effort to promote acceptance Peru is creating a national park to protect a vast territory in the Amazon basin that is vulnerable to drug trafficking and illegal logging and mining VW engineers have admitted manipulating CO2 emissions data  VW engineers tampered with tyre pressure and mixed diesel with their motor oil to make them use less fuel, a deception that began in 2013 and carried on until the spring of this year First women to stand for election in Saudi Arabia Germany 'systematically spied' on own allies on grand scale Russia has returned 11,000 of its tourists from Egypt in the last 24 hours in response to the plane crash in the Sinai Peninsula a week ago, RIA news agency said on Sunday, but tens of thousands more are waiting for flights home. 'Nazi gold train' investigators start excavating site in Poland U.S. official '99.9% certain' bomb felled Metrojet flight A report into claims of doping coverups, extortion and moneylaundering in athletics will show a whole different scale of corruption even compared to FIFA Thousands march in Berlin antirefugee demo Some 5,000 supporters of the rightwing Alternative for Germany (AfD) have protested in Berlin against Germany's refugee policy. The demonstrators called for Chancellor Angela Merkel to step down South African president says political party comes before country... Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) managers are worried about traveling to the United States, a German newspaper reported on Saturday, saying U.S. investigators have confiscated the passport of an employee who is there on a visit. Day Before Deadly Bombing, U.S. Official Asked if Any Taliban Were Holed Up At MSF Hospital | A report released today by the medical aid group Doctors Without Borders says a U.S. gunship killed doctors and medical staff as they fled from a burning hospital The Moment This Orangutan Knew She And Her Baby Would Be OK Volunteers recently came to the rescue of a desperate orangutan and her baby  victims not only of the blaze, but of human cruelty as well Iraqi Army Killed Over 900 ISIS Terrorists During the Liberation of Baiji Russia sending 44 planes to Egypt to repatriate tourists Street celebrations as Sierra Leone declared Ebolafree New Zealand Spy Watchdog Investigating Countrys Ties to CIA Torture Sharm elSheikh airport officials reveal porous security; faulty scanner, bribes for guards More than 50 people were killed in Yemen in the past two days in fighting pitting an Arab coalition against Houthi fighters backed by troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, medical sources and residents said on Sunday. Chemical weapons watchdog believes Syrian insurgents used mustard gas Catalan parliament votes to secede from Spain by 2017 TPP deal worst thing that Harper government has done for Canada Balsillie Turkish Atheism Association starts petition calling for 'equal treatment' Group calls for the removal of the automatic registration of Turkish children as Muslim at birth World AntiDoping Agency says Russia 'sabotaged' London Olympics, Recommends Bans Thousands of unopened letters dating to the 17th century where hoarded away by a postmaster and only recently discovered by academics hoping to shed light on the period of history A new Taliban breakaway group claims support for peace and womens rights Myanmar elections ruling party concedes defeat to Aung San Suu Kyi World Bank warns climate change could add 100 million poor by 2030 Villagers attack orangutan mother and baby trying to escape forest fires in Borneo To escape the outofcontrol forest fires burning in Borneo, an orangutan with baby by her side attempted to take refuge in a village only to be attacked by frightened villagers, an animal rights group reported Rangers in Congo's Garamba park fight, die in skirmishes with heavily armed elephant poachers 'Life on planet at stake', France warns as climate ministers meet A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced three young men to 75 days in jail and to 50 lashes after they were found guilty of harassing two girls in public CNN Israeli Intel led to bomb conclusion for Sinai crash Saudi Arabia will not stop pumping to boost oil prices English signs must be taken down in Gasp hospitals, language watchdog rules Newly declassified documents reveal just how extremely close USA and Russia were to atomic attacks during the Cold War [Nov 1st] Paralympian 'dragged self' from Qatar Airways flight Chinese spies try to hack Australian submarine bidders plans in Japan, France and Germany A dam holding back waste water from an iron ore mine in Brazil that is owned by Vale and BHP Billiton burst on Thursday, devastating a nearby town with mudslides and leaving officials in the remote region scrambling to assess casualties Germany's capacity to take in refugees is limited, Schaeuble says Warming set to breach 1C threshold Canadian Doctor At Sunnybrook In Toronto First In World To Break BloodBrain Barrier, Successfully Treat Brain Tumor Israel, US to initiate huge arms deal Australia Deploys Sheepdogs to Save a Penguin Colony Australia Tries to Halt Unrest at Immigration Detention Camp b'Kenya declares holiday for Obama' b'The Western media has recently outdone itself in censoring important stories  stories which contradict the policies and interests the media seeks to uphold...' b'Does it seem like every other US bomb dropped in Afghanistan hits a wedding party?' b'Plane crashes in centre of Mexico City' b'Half of the Zimbabwe population faces starvation' b'Woman drives sleeping rapist to police station' b'At least 38 civilians dead in another strike on a wedding party in Afghanistan...' b'Newspaper frontpages around the world this morning. Thanks, USA!' b'Kidnappers Kill Five Year Old Boy By Injecting Acid Into his Heart' Russian Pres Dmitry Medvedev 'Presidential term should be extended' b'Russian President in State of the Nation address says that when Barack Obama becomes U.S. President, the relaions between the two countries will get a second wind.' b'McCain loses with class' b'Poll reveals Germans would like return to nationalisation' b'Israel Launches Deadly Airstrike in Gaza. ah shit!' b'Riot/celebration at White House  crowd shouting Bush out  anyone nearby have any updates? (saw this breaking on CBC TV)' b'Mexican Interior Minister dies in plane crash.  CIA not suspected.' b'Hamas militants pounded southern Israel with a barrage of rockets Wednesday, hours after Israeli forces killed six gunmen in a fresh bout of violence' b'Russia will deploy shortrange missiles in the Baltic Sea region near the border with Poland in response to plans by the United States to build an antimissile system in Europe.' b'Artificial hair on submarines may help them overcome turbulence' b'Human Rights Watch says more cluster munitions than previously reported were used by both sides in S. Ossetia war.' If you're ever accused of war crimes, hiding out near the Hague may not be the best idea.  Bosnian war crimes supect arrested in Netherlands. Mexico's interior secretary killed in plane crash b'Kim Jong Il Said to Visit Military Units, Despite Health Rumors' b'Russian President to Increase Presidential Term to 6 Years' Jamie Oliver says the British don't know how to cook b'London Smokers to be banned from fostering children' b'Suddenly, It May Be Cool To Be American Again' b' Pirate pride in Sweden as Pirate Bay hits 22 million peers ' b'Want to help third world countries improve in the long term but kind of a tight ass? Try Kiva' Supermarkets to be asked to take people's fingerprints for ID Card scheme. b'Internet freedom under threat from governments' b'Morales says US antidrug DEA killed Bolivian farmers' b'Jacqui ID Cards' Smith has had her fingerprints borrowed  no need to pop to the supermarket for her now!' b'Rice Mideast peace pact unlikely by end of year  I hate to be cynical, but we really expected this to happen?' b'Son of Osama bin Laden loses asylum bid in Spain ' b'Up here in Canada, we love the USA today. We were NEVER antiAmerican ... only antineocon!' Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez's government says it is taking over one of the world's largest gold deposits. b'A Nepali teacher has finally turned his dream into reality by connecting his remote mountain community to the internet.' 28yearold Oxford grad becomes Bhutan's new king and world's youngest monarch b'Russia Warns of Missile Deployment ' Ireland's headshops raided for selling herbal ecstacy Italy's internet usage is one of the lowest in Europe.  Does that make it backwards? b'Suicide bomber hits Pakistan tribal elders' b'Mexican Hitmen Finish off Victim During Surgery ' b'UK passport fees to jump by a third to more than 100 to pay for fingerprinting' b'UN High Commissioner for Human Rights told the BBC she was taken aback by the terrible conditions in Gaza on a recent visit' b'French magazine banned over Islam cover' b'ZIMBABWE Hunting for good garbage to eat' b'UK interest rates slashed by 1.5% to 3%  lowest since 1955!' b'NYTimes Georgia Fired Inaccurate Cluster Bombs, Often Bombing Their Own Cities And Killing Their Own Civilians' b'People 'can't wait for ID cards'  WTF?  Why would anyone  (even if indifferent to the scheme) actually WANT an ID card?' Kim Jong Il Photoshop Error Betrays Leader's Health Problems? (PHOTOS) b'NYTimes Newly available accounts raise questions about the accuracy and honesty of Georgias insistence that it acted defensively against Russian aggression.' b'Iran Response to Obama Victory' b'Israel seems to have little time for the irony that a modern Jewish shrine to coexistence and tolerance is being built on the graves of the city's Muslim forefathers.' b'Woman Guilty of Unlawful Sex With 14yo Student' b'Read the blogs of students quarantined in a Chinese University as a cholera epidemic unfolds' b'Oil strikes 21month low under $US58' b'Huge Protests in Georgia, the people demand an explanation from the government for the mistakes of the war, which Saakashvili launched an offense to reclaim separatist South Ossetia' b'UK Loses Billions in Renewables Installation Because of US Tax Rebates  BP expects to have one gigawatt of US wind power installed by 2008 and to have trebled that amount by 2010.' b'Georgia Claims on Russia War Called Into Question ' b'U.S. Missile Kills 10 in Pakistan.  Has anyone else noticed that since the U.S. accelerated the air war, civilian deaths are far outweighing Taliban deaths?' b'US Imposes Banking Sanctions on Iran' b'Stu Rasmussen becomes the first openly transgender mayor in the United States. First are happening! Keep the firsts going people!' b'Kashmir city has now become a prison, every second day they impose a curfew without announcing it' Scott Pelley '60 Minutes' Crew Attacked in China While Reporting b'Putin er...Medvedev orders missiles deployed in Europe' b'South Asian nations agree to build 243,000tonne grain reserve' b'60 Minutes crew attacked by angry Chinese' Father Sold Drugs in Nightclubs to Find Daughter's Rapists b'Aussie milk contaminated, says China' b' IMF bails out Ukraine  Business News, Business  The Independent' b'GM Opens $300 Million Russian Plant to Boost Sales' b'Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck, the youngest king crowned' Oil's stunning retreat How long can it last? UK Judge asks media whether to release Guantanamo Bay 'torture' evidence Conservatives take New Zealand John Key says NZ election win a 'vote for change' b'Blueprints for Auschwitz camp found in Germany' b'One million Cubans evacuate as Hurricane Paloma,  now Cat 4, aims for Cuba' b'Israeli Supreme Court rules it's fine to build a build a Museum of Tolerance on top of a centuriesold Muslim cemetery' Iran slams Obama's tough language on nukes  'A step in the wrong direction' b'New Zealand votes. The world holds its breath.' b'Report in US undercuts Georgian claim of how war started' Russia's Putin may return as president in 2009  b'US State Department admits Georgia erred in August attack on South Ossetia' b'Pakistani militants kill 2 alleged U.S. spies.  Warnings are found pinned to bodies dumped in volatile border region.' b'Israel Developing NukeHunting Drone' b'Stonewall Bigots of the Year or Government Stooges?' b'PM faces tough battle as NZ votes ' b'Arizona boy, 8, accused of killing 2, including dad' b'After five years of appeals, 3 are finally executed for Bali Bombings.' b'China aims at higher nuclear power capacity  70 million kilowatts by 2020' A light unto nations  Israel army studies 'abuse video' b'Multimillionaire takes control of New Zealand' Druglord's house raided. hundreds of high powered weapons, grenades and rocket launchers secured in Mexico b'Bali bombers executed by firing squad' b'Third deadly Hurricane in this year over Cuba  Fidel Castro' b'Dozens Dead in Hatian School Collapse (AP Footage)' b'Megan Megan suicide letter found. Her bragging that her daddy would be president, allegedly made all her friends sick she said it ad nauseum.' b'Russias new nuclear attack submarine starts sea trials' Ireland plans to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of drugs, including heroin, cocaine and cannabis A Huge Fire in the Amazon Likely Caused By Illegal Loggers Threatens Thousands of Indigenous People and an Uncontacted Tribe Sweden to become worlds first fossilfuel free nation Pacific Islands Make LastDitch Plea to World Before Paris Climate Change Talks  Unless the world acts decisively in coming weeks, the Pacific as we know it is doomed, said Fijian prime minister Frank Bainimarama. 'External factor' caused Sinai crash Saudi Arabia will raise the price of water for nonresidential consumers, local media reported, a sign the government is cutting back an expensive system of subsidies as low oil prices strain its finances. Flight recorders show crashed Russian jet not struck from outside investigator Erdogan's AKP set to win majority in critical Turkey vote Details Revealed in Chilling Plot to Execute AntiISIS Activists in Turkey Syria rebels using caged captives as 'human shields' monitor Singapore ranked world's healthiest country, UK fails to make top 20 For the first time since 1948, Egypt votes for Israel at UN At least 550 wounded in horrific marketbombing in Damascus besieged area China just unveiled its first large passenger plane Xu Xiang, boss of China's largest local private fund has been arrested due to insider trading and market manipulation Japan and China agree on moves to mend ties further Iran starts taking nuclear centrifuges offline | Under the July 14 agreement, Iran is to curb its nuclear programme under United Nations supervision to ensure it cannot be used to make a nuclear weapon, in exchange for the removal of sanctions that have isolated Tehran and hobbled its economy. China Sends Armed Jets Over Disputed Waters In Response to U.S. Naval Presence Jihad is a lot of fun, said German rapper turned ISIL pitchman. Now hes reportedly dead from air strike Majority of Northern Ireland MLA's vote for gay marriage but motion fails for the 5th time in 3 years due to a 5th motion of concern by the DUP. Living Wage in London rising to 9.40 an hour Official Afghanistan will accept deportees from Germany The worlds largest and the UKs first floating offshore wind development approximately 25 kilometres off the coast of Peterhead has been granted consent, the Scottish Government has announced today. Ban Ki Moon It is up to the Syrian people who have to decide the future of President Assad. Male rape now a crime in China Airport Security in the Philippines Have Been Putting Bullets in Luggage to Extort Passengers The Department of Defense (DoD) spent nearly $43 million to build a gas station in Afghanistan that should have cost no more than $500,000 according to a new report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR). NASA reveals that Antarctica is actually gaining more ice than it is losing Lawyers without Borders findings about the Raif Badawi trial An unfair trial, an incompetent court, a crime which is not one and a punishment that constitutes torture Saudi Arabia has violated its own laws in addition to its international obligations. More than 10,000 crocodiles are starving to death on a farm in Honduras after the wealthy family owning them had their assets frozen because of US accusations they laundered money for drug traffickers. In a sixmonth period, 70% of detached homes sold in Vancouvers west side went to Mainland China buyers Amnesty International says oil giant Shell's claims of cleaning up spills that have destroyed the livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of Nigerians are false Satellite detected heat flash at time Russian jetliner went down Iran Ayatollah 'Death to America' Refers to US Policies ISIS Protection Tax Found Among UK Inmates In HighSecurity Prisons, Report Says. Investigation uncovers scheme to make nonMuslim prisoners py a tax for their protection from radical Muslim prisoners Tomb Tells Tale of Family Executed by China's 1st Female Emperor  1,300yrold tomb, discovered in cave, holds bones of a man who helped the only female emperor rise to power. The epitaphs describe how she then executed him & his entire family. Money Flooding Out of Canada at Fastest Pace in Developed World Syria conflict Russia softens support for Assad, saying it is not crucial for him to remain in power. TransCanada suspend its US permit application for the controversial Keystone XL pipeline Shopkeepers revolt has mafia on the run in its Sicilian heartland. Vatican financial investigators suspect a department of the Holy See which oversees real estate and investments was used in the past for possible money laundering, insider trading and market manipulation Big solar storm means chance to see Northern Lights in across most of the US and Europe Iran Says It May Quit Talks on Syria Over Saudis' Role Espionage is fueling China's development of highend weapons systems. China has already created prototypes that are remarkably similar to some of the US's most advanced weapons systems, such as the F35, USNI reports. Ecuador said Monday a World Bank arbitration panel has ordered it to pay $1 billion to US oil firm Occidental Petroleum for cancelling a contract. Occidental sued Ecuador in May 2006, after the cancellation of a contract granting it the right to extract 100,000 barrels of oil a day VW emissions scandal widens to include Porsche claims Guinness to pour veganfriendly pints from 2016, after the company revealed it will remove fish guts from the brewing process. China and France agreed Monday that an international deal to tackle climate change to be negotiated in Paris should include checks on compliance, in what visiting French President Francois Hollande called a historic step forward Sharp increase in Golan Druze seeking Israeli citizenship as Syria war rages Black U.S. citizen Kyle Lydell Canty seeks refugee status in Canada A U.S. citizen has argued before Canada's Immigration and Refugee Board in Vancouver that he should be granted refugee status over fears that he will be killed in his home country by police because he is black. Report UN Staff Transported 380 Pounds of Weed, Watched and Shared Child Porn, and Tried to Bring a Chainsaw onto a Plane A man held for 14 years without being charged at Guantanamo wants an independent UK inquiry Denmark's Prime Minister says I know that some people in the US associate the Nordic model with some sort of socialism, ... therefore I would like to make one thing clear. Denmark is far from a socialist planned economy. Denmark is a market economy Burger King could become the first fast food chain to sell alcohol in the UK Germany is about to start up a monster machine that could revolutionize the way we use energy the Max Planck Institute has completed the worlds largest nuclear fusion machine of its kind, called a stellarator A rare intense tropical cyclone has formed in the Arabian Sea and is forecast to dump eight years of rain in about 48 hours on typically arid regions of the Arabian Peninsula. Seized Turkish Media Outlets Turn Progovernment Overnight Controversial plans to allow the police and security services full access to everyones internet browsing history have been abandoned by ministers in UK. Venezuela is running out of cash and selling its gold German frustration builds over TTIP secrecy from US German parliamentarians are demanding access to documents that contain the US position on transatlantic trade negotiations. TTIP supporters in the US argue that Washington shouldn't lay all of its cards on the table Muslim children should not be forced to sing national anthem, says Hizb utTahrir CoPilot's Wife He Complained About Plane  Says that daughter called copilot of the Russian plane that crashed & he complained before the flight that the technical condition of the aircraft left much to be desired. Scientists and nuclear experts from around the world gathered in southwestern Japan on Sunday to push for the abolition of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction, with this year marking the 70th anniversary of the U.S. atomic bombings of Japanese cities. At least 129 refugees have been found in a refrigerated truck on the Bulgarian border with Turkey, according to a Bulgarian state news agency report. The refrigerated truck driven by a Turkish citizen attempted to enter Bulgaria at the Kapitan Andreevo border checkpoint with Turkey Cambridge chemists make breakthrough with ultimate battery which can power a car from London to Edinburgh Saddamstyle ISIS oil exports worth $500m a year 'conducted through Turkey' Blair denies ministers were told to 'burn' Iraq war legal advice Lufthansa, Air France avoid flying over Sinai after crash UN & Red Cross issue rare joint rebuke, scold world leaders over 'conflict paralysis'  Urge immediate concrete steps to ease plight of civilians in places like Afghanistan, Nigeria & Syria. 1st time they've issued a joint warning. Instability is spreading. Suffering is growing. Islamic State claims video shows it blowing up Russian plane over Egypt Sinai plane broke up in mid air Greek Banks Face $15.9 Billion Bill After Economic Debacle Small, dim stars could still support life U.S. pledges nearly $100 million to support Syrian opposition as antiISIS offensive begins Somalia threatened by illegal fishermen after west chases away pirates | Nato came because of the piracy, but the cause of piracy is the illegal fishing, says Wais, the Eyl official. If Nato can chase away the pirates, then why not the illegal fishermen? Mexicos Supreme Court rules that smoking pot is a fundamental human right The United States takes offense at comments by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's new communications director accusing President Barack Obama of antiSemitism and suggesting that Secretary of State John Kerry had the mental abilities of a 12yearold, the State Department said Maldives impeaches its Vice President by 610 vote for plotting to kill its President We got Pizza and Wings Interactions between rival US and Chinese navies are now so frequent in the South China sea that crews have begun to share weekend stories and plans for the holidays. Putin suspends Russian flights to Egypt after Sinai plane crash NASA just announced key findings that explain how extreme climate change transformed Mars into a lifeless desert Members of the UK parliament could be forced to debate a vote of no confidence in David Cameron, after a petition passed 100,000 signatures Uber in Egypt to teach drivers how not to sexually harass women Coal not so 'amazing', public say, as mining industry advertising backfires  New polling suggests the net approval rating for coal among Australians fell by 9% during the course of Little Black Rock advertising campaign McDonald's French Fries Now Selling for $133 in Venezuela 'Designer cells' reverse oneyearold's cancer  The first person in the world to receive a pioneering genetic therapy has had her cancer reversed, say Great Ormond Street doctors. Protonmail (encrypted email service provider) under sophisticated DDOS attack, official statement suggests statesponsored actors. A chemical that could potentially be used in eye drops to reverse cataracts, the leading cause of blindness, has been identified by a team of scientists. British intelligence has uncovered evidence suggesting the Russian airliner was blown up by an onboard bomb Unnoticed mining waste dam collapse in Brazil operated by BHP and Vale accident caused at least 15 deads, 500 people lost their houses and the environment is expected to take 2030 years to recover China releases nearly a billion more tons of carbon dioxide annually than previously thought US knew Afghan hospital was safe from Taliban  but bombed it anyway, say MSF | Accounts from the organisation claim there was no military justification for the US air strike on 3 October that killed 30 medical staff and patients China opens drone schools as demand for pilots soars It is estimated the country's maintenance, mapping, filming and agricultural industries will need more than 10,000 drone pilots this year China overtakes Canada as largest tradepartner of US | Business Standard News More Oil Companies Could Join Exxon Mobil as Focus of Climate Investigations ExJPMorgan broker pleads guilty to stealing $20 million to gamble and trade with US now sees Taliban as reconciliation partners Pentagon Unions, lawmakers promise closer scrutiny of Pacific trade pact  It's worse than we thought, Lori Wallach, director of Public Citizens Global Trade Watch Canadian veteran John Gallagher killed in fight against ISIS. Police have used antiterrorism powers to detain UK volunteers taking aid to Calais refugee camp | British volunteers on a humanitarian aid run to refugees in Calais were detained by police under legislation meant to be used against suspected terrorists Sierra Leone has been declared officially Ebola free. Muzzled Canadian scientists now free to speak with media For years, scientists who worked for the federal government were silenced by strict rules that made them seek departmental approval before speaking to the press. Obama rejects Keystone XL project, citing climate concerns Russian plane crash black box 'confirms bomb explosion brought down jet' UK government says fast broadband is a fundamental right like water or power and pledges all businesses and households will have it by 2020 Illegally planted palm oil already growing on burnt land in Indonesia China emits nearly 1 billion tonnes more CO2 a year than it discloses, report claims Presidents of China and Taiwan Shake Hands in First Ever Meeting Satellite pictures of a remote and treeless northern steppe reveal colossal earthworks recognizable only from the air and the oldest estimated at 8,000 years old. Anticapitalism rising in UK as Million Mask March spurs violence in London Mikhail Lesin, Putin associate and creator of Russia Today (rt.com), found dead in D.C. hotel room. LDS church bans children of samesex marriages from membership. An underwater vessel containing undetonated explosives has been found near the Russian underwater gas pipeline Nord Stream, just off the Swedish coast. India orders Greenpeace to shut down over fraud A plane carrying British holidaymakers to Sharm elSheikh came within 300 metres (1,000ft) of a missile as it neared the Egyptian airport in August, the government has confirmed. Britain, U.S. intercepted 'chatter' supporting theory bomb took down Russian jet  officials Iranian President Criticizes Iran's Free Speech Crackdown Attacks on refugees in Germany double in three months Infrared Scans Show Possible Hidden Chamber in King Tuts Tomb UAE told UK crack down on Muslim Brotherhood or lose arms deals. Files reveal plans for crown prince to demand David Cameron act against Islamist group in return for BAE Systems and BP deals. NATO Was 'Praying' for MSF as the US Attacked Its Hospital in Kunduz | Doctors Without Borders reveals that, while US airstrikes were killing patients in an Afghan hospital, the alliance was being warned via text that it was hitting civilians  and that it replied with prayers 25 minutes to escape Brazilian village destroyed in dam deluge Russian plane crash French 'rule out technical failure' Greenpeace India Says It Has Been Ordered to Dissolve. UK Set to Ban Internet Companies from Providing Total Encryption to Its Users NASA set to announce another big finding on Mars this Thursday. Rupert Murdoch recently acquired National Geographic and has just laid off 10% of the staff. Cuba achieved food security without destroying its environment and the rest of the world has taken notice Cuba is presenting several of its original biotechnologies at an international business fair this week. 41 dead as Russian plane crash lands in South Sudan  reports Add Porsche To The List Of Cars Involved In VWs Massive Emissions Cheating Scandal Justin Trudeau sworn in as new Canadian Prime Minister 2,000yearold Maccabeanera fortress unearthed in Jerusalem after centurylong search | One of the 'great archaeological riddles in the history of Jerusalem' is solved China Burns Much More Coal Than Reported, Complicating Climate Talks  China has been using up to 17% more coal a yr than reported. By some estimates, that means almost a billion more tons of carbon dioxide released annually. Romania's PM Ponta to resign after mass protests  ruling party China offers free higher education to poor students Says by 2020 it will provide free senior high education to all students in the country Zimbabwe journalists arrested for linking police with elephant poisonings  Amnesty condemns shocking attempt to threaten freedom of the press as trio from staterun Sunday Mail face slander charge Secret Wife Of Saudi King Awarded $40m By UK Court The worlds only wild orangutansalready besieged by logging, hunting, pet trading and the steady expansion of palmoil plantationsare now threatened by forest fires that have burned for months on the islands of Borneo and Sumatra in southeast Asia. Trial of former HSBC banker Herve Falciani, the 'Snowden of tax evasion,' starts in Switzerland | The trial has begun in Switzerland of banker Herve Falciani, whose leaks helped uncover the HSBC tax evasion scandal. The FrenchItalian national is accused of financial espionage, among other charges Sunken Ruins of Alexandria Set to Become Worlds First Underwater Museum  the associated 270,000 square foot area of Alexandria Bay includes the Lighthouse of Alexandria, one of the seven ancient wonders of the world Syrian Army recaptures key oilfield from ISIS UK Scotland Yard is to deploy thousands of extra police officers and impose tough public order restrictions over fears that a Bonfire night protest in London against austerity and increased state surveillance will turn violent. Proposed UK surveillance laws sates internet firms must store details of all internet connection records for 12 months. After government dropped plans to store everyone's browsing history. 25,000 people protest in Bucharest against corruption Volkswagen says 800,000 cars may have false CO2 levels A 'huge milestone' approval of cancerhunting virus signals new treatment era  Treatments such as Imlygic have two modes of action first, the virus directly attacks the cancer cells; and second, it triggers the bodys immune system to attack the rogue cells too Iran Arrests U.S. Resident for Espionage; Man Had Been Invited to Tehran by Irans VP Saudi Wells Running Dry  of Water  Spell End of Desert Wheat. Norway wealth fund drops 29.4bn amid market rout. The worlds largest sovereign wealth fund, which is Norwegian, has posted its biggest loss in four years, just as the government is preparing to make its first ever withdrawals to plug budget deficits Canada ranks first in world for personal freedom and social tolerance. Full text of the TPP has just been released. Child born out of rape has inheritance rights on assaulter's property rules Indian High Court Man Dies After Tapeworm Inside Him Gets Cancer  This is the first known report of a person becoming sick from cancer cells that developed in a parasite. Kim Dotcom is building his own fully encrypted internet  a nonIP based internet called MegaNet. Canada's new prime minister, Justin Trudeau, took office on 4 November  and as one of his first acts, created the post of Minister of Science. Canadian election brings hope for science Kirsty Duncan, a medical geographer at the University of Toronto, will be the first to hold the job. Iranian actress who posted photos online not wearing a hijab forced to flee country Mexican Supreme Court has opened the door to legalizing Marijuana use Climate change missing from full TransPacific Partnership text, confirming the worst nightmares of environmental groups U.S. intelligence Bomb likely brought down plane Doctors Without Borders Staff Shot While Fleeing Kunduz Hospital, Report Finds Iraqi, Turkish businessmen directly involved in funding $2B to ISIS by buying oil. MI5 secretly collected Britons' data for 'more than a decade,' Theresa May says Thousands of protesters are expected to take to the streets today in over 670 cities across the world wearing Guy Fawkes masks, as part of the antiestablishment Million Mask March. Saudi handchopping incident No exit visa for Indian maid if 'assault' is mentioned The Mexican Supreme court ruled Wednesday that individuals should have the right to grow and distribute marijuana for their personal use. Irish Government To Decriminalize Heroin, Cocaine, And Marijuana Canada's new PM Justin Trudeau appointed the most diverse and genderequal cabinet in history Greek refugee island running out of space to bury the dead Sharm elSheikh flights to UK delayed amid bomb fears Cause of Russian plane crash looking like explosion source close to investigation Erdogan demands Turkish constitution change to gain sweeping powers Colombia court rules samesex couples must be allowed to adopt children. Indiaborn former soldier sworn in as Canada's new defense minister US officials Israel requesting $5 billion in annual defense aid The Communist government in Vietnam has agreed to American terms to grant potentially farreaching labor rights to the countrys workers, including the freedom to unionize and to strike, in return for expanded trade between the former adversaries. b'Palestinians capture violence of Israeli occupation on video ' b'One million innocent Britons criminalized, ' b'UK  To beat extremism we must dissolve religious groups' b'Palestinian boy, 10, dies as Israeli troops fire on demonstrators  victim was shot through the forehead' Baikal  The gun of choice for Britain's gangland  b'Israeli troops kill young child in West Bank barrier demonstration' Innocents' DNA 'should be erased' Saudi Arabia Academic gets 600 lashes for 'phone relationship' with female pupil b'Iran Her heroin addict husband beat her and forced her into prostitution. The man who murdered her husband served 8 years in prison and is now free. But she is about to be stoned to death. ' b'Microsoft Prepares for End of Windows With Midori ' b'UK 3,000 Blank Passports and Visas Stolen from Security Van' b'Knoxville Tragedy Redeemed By Heroism' b'Israel as a Strategic Threat to Russia and the U.S. Israel is thought to have more nukes than Britain, China, India and Pakistan, and probably more than France. ' b'Starting August 9th George Orwells diaries will be posted online daily in blog form. What will we see in the Orwell diaries?' b'Karadzic Turned Over to UN War Crimes Tribunal' b'Mohawk community looks for answers weekend of violence in Quebec, Canada' b'The Internet Is Shit.' b'Emirates Airlines received the first Airbus A380  ' b'Zimbabwe to introduce new currency in order to combat hyperinflation' b'Protestors put on mouth gags in a demonstration against censorship during Olympic Games [pic]' b'IDF kills young Palestinian boy. Potentially NSFW.' b'Poles (heh) upset about bordering German nude beach' b'Malaysia  Call to teach journalism students proper reporting of Islam' b'China Using Olympics As Pretext For Crackdown Amnesty' b'Iran Sixteen Christian converts arrested' b'Graffiti by Israeli soldiers in Gaza  Arabs need 2 die, Die you all, Make war not peace, 1 is down, 999,999 to go, and scrawled on an image of a gravestone the words Arabs 19482009.' b'[PIC] who wants to wipe off the face of the earth whom' b'Amnesty International accuses Israel of war crimes in Gaza' b'Vigilante groups in Mexico vow to end the life of a criminal every 24 hours. ' Just when you think it couldn't get worse.... Traces of depleted uranium have been found in Palestinian victims. Obama's Chief of Staff is a former Israeli soldier and son of a member of a militant Zionist group.  No softening of the US ProIsrael line in the new administration, then? BBC Gaza 'looks like an earthquake zone.'  Over 50K now homeless, 40K without running water. b'Pro Israeli group CPT disseminating defamatory and unsubstantiated accusations about Boston Muslim community members, who are raising money for humanitarian aid to Gaza.' b'China says will expand its military reach around the Globe' b'2 Myanmar fisherman, sunk in Thai fishing boat, found floating in fridge off AUS after 25 days at sea' Most senior burns sugeon in Gaza says 6070 patients in his unit have died of burns unlike anything he's seen before.  Plus, video of apparent white phosphorus in Gaza. b'Reports reveal devastation wreaked by Israeli military in Gaza' b'Gaza Strip Damage Assessments from Satellite Images' b'Israel seeks to control reconstruction of wartorn Gaza ' b'Do not be confused by the ceasefire, the siege of Gaza continues' b'Philippines Peasant leaders, environmental campaigners and student activists are being murdered by mysterious death squads who appear to have close links to the army.' Uganda's rebel Lord's Resistance Army has reportedly torched a church crowded with worshippers holding a prayer vigil in the Democratic Republic of Congo. b'Full scale civil war is underway in Mexico' b'Israel PM Olmert brags about ordering Bush around' b'Israle massacre in Gaza; 27 of same family die in Israeli house demolition' b'More Evidence Israel Was Founded By Ruthless Racists  The Israeli Government Deliberately Exposed Sephardic Children To Massive Doses Of Radiation' b'Jail for man who raped daughters' b'An Israeli woman sends an open video letter to Obama' America's first gay president reflects on end of 8 year term. b'Holocaust Back then vs. Now' b'Saudi Arabia to donate $1 billion to rebuild Gaza' b'Amnesty Said A FactFinding Team Found Indisputable Evidence Of The Widespread Use Of White Phosphorus In Crowded Residential Areas Of Gaza City And Elsewhere In The Territory.' Australian jailed for three years for 'insulting' the Thai monarchy in a novel which has sold seven copies. b'In NPR interview, exCIA operative Bob Baer declares that Of course BinLaden is dead.  Starts at 3418. [audio]' Eight identical letters to the editor, cheering Israel's side.  Four different authors. One place of employment.  Robert Fisk So, I asked the UN secretary general, isn't it time for a war crimes tribunal for Israel? b'Olmert boasts about ordering Bush, Rice to vote against U.N. 1860' b'A consumer guide to Israeli products in the US. Use this site to identify Israeli products likely to be available in retail stores in your market area.' b'Israel forms 'army of bloggers' to combat antiZionist Websites and represent Israel in antiZionist blogs in English, French, Spanish and German' b'Norman Finkelstein Photos from Holocaust Juxtaposed with Photos from Gaza' b'Norwegian doctor Some Palestinian casualties in the Gaza Strip were wounded by a new type of weapon that even doctors with previous experience in war zones do not recognize ' b'Boycott Israel! Irish find creative way to rebrand Starbucks' b'Amazing genetic map of Europe; genes correspond extremely well to geographic location' b'If Americans Knew What Every American Needs to Know about Israel/Palestine' b'Israel Admits No Hamas Rockets Were Fired During Ceasefire  [vid]' b'How Palestine Became Israel' b'British Prime Minister Gordon Brown Israel killed too many civilians  How many's too many, Brownie? Twenty? Twentytwo? Just so Israel knows, you know, for next time. ' b'A humanrights lawyer in prominent Chechnya cases shot dead in Moscow' b'Who Will Save the Palestinians? ( Excellent article by Mark Levine )' b'Israeli AF Pilot I would rate the success of our missions very highly in terms of the results and effects of the strikes. [Gaza] isn't a war; in terms of air power, it's not even an operation ' b'How American News Media Works in Favor of Israel ( 2 of 3 )' b'White phosphorus The patient came back smoking' By now, any Palestinian knows that it doesn't matter what you do, Israel will try to kill you [Gaza] b'UK MP Sir Gerald Kaufman, son of holocaust survivors Israel acting like Nazis in Gaza [vid]' Black Death 'kills alQaeda operatives in Algeria' b'Greece hinders US arms delivery to Israel' Canada We're the only one of 47 nations on UN rights panel to refuse to condemn military offensive in Gaza b'Israeli newspaper Palestinian doctor killed by IDF while treating Gaza wounded.' b'Bodies are piled up like logs in Zimbabwe's cholera crisis' b'We the undersigned are all of Jewish origin The time for appeasing Israel is long past' Former Israeli Foreign Minister Appears On UK TV, Says Israeli Intelligence 'Inventing Facts'. b'ProIsrael Rally For Attacking Gaza, NYC, 11109  Wipe them all out!  including prominent politicians supporting the rally.' ProIsrael Rally Attended by BigTime NY Dems Descends into Calls for 'Wiping Out' Palestinians  b'Canada's Liberal leader Israel has been attacked from Gaza, not just last year, but for almost 10 years. They evacuated from Gaza so there is no occupation in Gaza.' b'Israeli Troops Ordered to Shoot Rather Than Ask Questions' b'Bolivia breaks ties with Israel' b'Sri Lankan death squads kill editor and ransack TV station' b'Experts say that claims the internet and social networking services pose a threat to children are overblown' b'Nine Jewish Israeli human rights groups called for an investigation into whether the IDF had committed war crimes in Gaza.' b'If you want to understand the mindset of Israel watch this ... its called the break the bones strategy from the first intifada ... kinda graphic.' b'Israel may face UN court ruling on legality of Gaza conflict' b'Crisis Worsens for Civilians in Gaza' b'UN finds 217 sex abuse claims against blue helmets' b'Egyptian Government Daily Hamas, Syria, Iran  The New Axis of Evil' b'Israeli navy refuses to let an Iranian aid ship dock in Gaza.' b'More than 1,000 killed in Gaza  When will this end?' b'Stunning photos capture Israeli bombs falling on Gaza (series of photos)' b'China to Pass Germany as Worlds Top Exporter in 08' b'Czech EU art stokes controversy displays France as country on strike, Bulgaria as toilet, Romania as Dracula theme park ...' What's All The Fighting For, And Where? [Infographic] The video the Israeli Army didn't want you to see  b'Momentum growing for Israeli war crimes investigation' b'Israeli Sightseers Flock to Border to Watch Gaza Killings  They come with binoculars. They bring their families and take pictures. They rationalize away the deaths of hundreds of children ...' b'Kucinich 50 Percent of the Population of Gaza Under 14 Years of Age!' b'Palestinians call to Greek people Block the shipment of US arms to Israel through Greek ports' Let me say it loud and clear. I do not believe in Israel's right to exist. It is a militarised, evil entity founded on a racist premise and a lot of religious hokum  Craig Murray, Former UK diplomat b'Construction workers in Poland found a WW2era mass grave containing what are believed to be the bodies of 1,800 German men, women and children who disappeared during the Soviet march to Berlin' Israel's claim to be a bastion of democracy in the Middle East is now in jeopardy with its crackdown on its Arab citizens b'I never knew Sky News was so biased. George Galloway making the news caster earn her wage!' b'Israeli President said, Yes, that's true, there are many palestinain children and very few Israeli children casualtieies, but that is because we take care of our children.' b'I hope my murder will be seen not as a defeat of freedom but an inspiration' Red Cross Israel's use of white phosphorus not illegal b'Israeli soldiers reportedly shot woman waving white flag' b'Any Palestinians on reddit?  Come on in and give us your own view on the Gaza conflict.' b'The USSR built power plants, dams and factories in Afghanistan. The US can barely keep the lights on or water running there. Who were the bad guys again?' b'Israeli tanks rolled into Gaza City from two directions early Tuesday after UN SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon called on both sides in the conflict to just stop' b'The BBC, which we call the Bush and Blair Corporation... British MP George Galloway on the Palestinian Situation. Amazing.' b'Unusually Large U.S. Weapons Shipment to Israel Are the US and Israel Planning a Broader Middle East War?' b'Who thinks Israel is helping America head towards another 9/11?' b'New Face Recognition Technology Should Worry British Citizens. ' b'Poland Workers find WWII mass grave of Germans' b'Israel losing PR war' b'Rabbi against Zionism.' b'The Times Online No room for more graves in Gaza cemeteries' b'German Protestors Compare Gaza to the Holocaust.' b'Israeli lady watching attacks on Gaza I think they should just take the city off the ground (...) yeah I'm a little bit fascist' b'Israel has blocked cell phone signals from leaving Gaza!!' b'Only terrorists use human shields' b'Rabbi Yisrael Rosen, director of the Tsomet Institute in the West Bank All of the Palestinians must be killed; men, women, infants, and even their beasts.' b'Who's in charge in DC? Israeli PM Olmert I said get me President Bush on the phone,  told him the United States could not vote in favour, He immediately called Rice, and ...' b'Israeli Newspaper  05/30/07 Chief Rabbi says absolutely no moral prohibition against the indiscriminate killing of civilians during a potential massive military offensive on Gaza' b'Beating off a great white shark while it has your leg in its jaws. Incredible!' b'When Jews and Palestinians were sitting on the beaches side by side it hurt the business of the surrounding yishuvim.  Palestinians barred from Dead Sea beaches to 'appease Israeli settlers'' So that's where the 100 billion went! A freedom of information campaign by journalists across Europe has paid off in spectacular fashion. b'European Union to ban plasma televisions ' Over 70 Prominent British Jews Sign Letter Condemning Israel's Actions In Gaza b'Rice was going to vote for ceasefire in Gaza but Olmert called Bush and forced him to tell her to stop' b'Continuity We Can Believe In Obama Sorry. No gitmo closure within the first 100 days; there will be no clean break from Bush policies; Cheney gives pretty good advice ...' b'Kucinichm Moore, Paul, Rahall,Water only representatives who voted NO on Resolution 34  Israels right to defend' b'Red Cross spokesman in Gaza medical personnel recover charred bodies of three Palestinian children, including a toddler  the toddler's body had been eaten by wild dogs from the street.' b'Israeli Newspaper  Oct 5, 2008 IDF plans to use disproportionate force in next war  (they got that right)' b'Israeli deputy defence minister promised a holocaust in Gaza' Israel's War an Gaza galvanizes suport for Hamas in West Bank.   Honest question How is this war not making the situation worse for everyone? Bin Laden's exdriver a free man  b'Jews protest against Israel and Zionism.' b'The commanders said kill as many people as possible ... Gaza was considered a playground for sharpshooters.  Rafi, member of elite Israeli military unit, 2005' b'American Children Attacked in Israel' b'Rights Group Israel Used Incendiary Bombs. Human Rights Watch Says Chemical White Phosphorus Used In Gaza Strip Military Campaign' Israeli border guard's views on Palestinians b'Travelling to the US? Think you can just sign that green visa waiver form on the plane? Not any more.' b'Hamas Prime Minister, September 2008 We are willing to accept Palestinian state with 1967 borders. Our conflict is not with the Jews, our problem is with the occupation. ' b'An Israeli is more likely to be struck by lightening than killed by a Hamas rocket' b'President Bush has rejected several Israeli requests to attack Iran ' b'Washington Post  COVER BLOWN Iran Buying Bomb Parts from U.S. through Fronts' b'250,000 people gather in Madrid to protest the Israeli aggression towards Gaza (in Spanish)' Leading British Jews call on Israel to halt 'horror' of Gaza b'AIPAC Goes Ballistic Says It Is Outraged & Blasts Bush for Supporting Ceasefire' b'University Professors Israels bombardment of Gaza is not selfdefense  its a war crime' b'Thousands of demonstrators have marched through London to call for an immediate ceasefire in the conflict in Gaza.' Israel tells Gazans to brace for war escalation (i.e. we haven't killed enough yet; expect a whole lot more before we're satisfied). b'More Than 1/3 of Overall Palestinian Deaths and Injuries Are Children' b'Channel 4  Gazan 5 month baby ran over by a 70 ton Israeli tank' FREE GAZA TO ISRAEL ''WE ARE COMING IN ON TUESDAY'' b'U.S. Thwarted Israeli Plan to Bomb Iranian Nuclear Facility  rejected Israeli request to provide deeppenetration bombs & rebuffed plan to fly through U.S.controlled Iraqi airspace' b'Reuters Cameras Hit May 2008 Cameraman recieves direct hit from Israeli Tank.' b'Media barred from Gaza' b'Depleted uranium found in Gaza victims' b'Balance your worldview  33 Newspaper links for world news ' b'The Facts about Hamas and the War on Gaza by Norman Finkelstein' b'Who will save Israel from Itself?' b'why Palestinians are launching rockets...' Scotland on course to being the third most statedependent country in world. Only Cuba and Iraq spend more taxpayers' money on public service... b'FlashbackThe Israeli poison gas attacks' b'Despite the horrific injuries, children in Gaza defy the massacres with a smile ?! ... [Graphic]' Israeli troops 'shot at from Syria'. Abe Foxman calls Bill Moyers an 'antiSemite' for criticizing the Israeli attack on Gaza.   Bill Moyers then owns him. b'BREAKING NEWS Israel declares ceasefire in Gaza '  'Tungsten bombs' leave Israel's victims with mystery wounds. As it declares a unilateral ceasefire, Jerusalem faces a UN call for a war crimes investigation b'Mrs Mugabe assaults our photographer outside her luxury Hong Kong hotel' b'The only road left is to boycott Israeli goods and institutions a  group of 540 Israelis say in an appeal. Birmingham (England), Athens (Greece), and Cambridge (MA) are on board.' b'Israels attack on an entrapped population A 21st century war crime?' b'Israel violates its fake ceasefire ' b'For a whole hour, the father hushed his cries of pain as he watched the Israeli soldiers compete in sniping on his dead son's body.' b'Sleeping with Strangers  The art of couchsurfing' b'Kyrgystan will order the closure of a US military airbase used to support operations in Afghanistan in a matter of days under pressure from Russia' Victorious, but vilified Israel has 'destroyed its image and its soul'. b'Israel's Ceasefire One dead by Israeli fire  Medical crews report the most horrifying scenes, and that most dead bodies being uncovered have been found in pieces  at least 1,246 dead' b'Doctors operating the only brainscanning machine at an Egyptian hospital near Gaza have been almost overwhelmed by the number of Palestinian children arriving with bullet wounds to the head. ' Red Cross says Gaza humanitarian situation 'shocking' b'British Jews attacked for proGaza solidarity' b'  t  Report Russia plans navy bases in Libya, Syria,Yemen' Tzipi Livni Meets The American Press Club, When Reporters Interrupt Her Use Of The Press Club As A Platform To Spout Israeli Propaganda With Actual Questions, THEY CUT THE REPORTER'S MICS OFF b'Israel expects army officers to be prosecuted for war crimes  ' Gaza rockets hit Israel.  Israel says it accomplished it's objectives.   What were Israel's objective? Hertz withdraws from Israeli airline deal Free car rental offered to customers who show 'solidarity' with Gaza action. US journalists call Livni a 'terrorist' b'Kuwaiti MP says Venezuela's Chavez more Arab than some Arabs.' b'China confirms toddler infected with bird flu' Gaza's Baffling Burnt Organs, Torn Tissues b'India says hundreds feared dead asThai Navy is accused of towing boatloads of refugees out  to sea and leaving them to their fate' b'Israeli farmers beginning to feel the sting of worldwide boycott.' b'Iraq / Shoes he was very happy when he heard that all the Iraqis support him. He even cried when he heard that there were demonstrations on his behalf even in the United States' b'The Dutch have Started Boycotting Israeli Products!' b'Video extraordinary scenes at Israeli newscast as a Palestinian doctor, a Hebrewspeaking physician who spoke regularly on Israeli television, said three of his children were killed in a tank strike ' b'Israeli Chief Rabbi If they don't stop after we kill 100, then we must kill 1,000. If they don't stop after 1,000 then we must kill 10,000, 100,000, even a million.' b'My grandmother was ill in bed when the Nazis came to her home and shot her dead in her bed. She did not die to provide cover for Israeli soldiers murdering Palestinian grandmothers in Gaza' b'Gaza  What it looks like to have white phosphorus raining down on you.  [PIC]' The Israelis are bombing and attacking all around the hospital. We can't get out. There's fire, and we're trapped inside. The water has been cut off b'Dr. Izz elDeen Aboul Aish, who gave frequent interviews to the Israeli media, was minutes away from giving another when he called anchorman Shlomi Eldar, hysterical with grief.' b'Israelis targeting of journalists results in calls of boycott  by the foreign press.' b'Israeli Anchorwoman blamed for empathizing with people in Gaza' b'In Iowa, a 32yearold man may spend 20 years in prison for possession of Japanese manga and will face penalties under the PROTECT Act (18 U.S.C. Section 1466A). ' b'Once again Israel shells *ANOTHER* UN school in Gaza ' Journalists call Israeli foreign minister Livni 'terrorist' during Washington, D.C. press conference on Gaza attack b'UK Jewish MP Israel acting like Nazis in Gaza' b'Israeli military action in Gaza is comparable to that of German soldiers during the Holocaust, a Jewish UK lawmaker whose family suffered at the hands of the Nazis has claimed'   t  US journalists call Livni a 'terrorist' The Palestinians say 'This is a war of extermination' b'An Israeli airstrike has killed a woman and child sheltering in a UNrun school in northern Gaza' b'Israel attacks U.N. school, kills six' b'UN Gaza Conflict Will Have LongLasting Psychological Impact on Children' b'Israeli television broadcast desperate cries for help from a Hebrew speaking Palestinian doctor on Friday after his children were killed in an Israeli attack ' b'Germany IS About To Have Its Worst Recession Since WWII' b'Jewish British MP Gerald Kaufman compares Israel to the Nazis & accuses them of exploiting Holocaust ' b'Palestinian Astrophysicist in US Recounts How His 11YearOld Son Died When Israeli Warplanes Bombed His Familys House' b'Vatican reveals list of worst sins. Desecrating the eucharist outranks genocide. That says it all.' b'BBC's Paxman vs. Israeli spokesman  You were told this was a UN facility' b'Israel in Gaza increasingly seen as Rogue State by EU, Red Cross, Lancet. As of Thursday morning, the Israelis have now killed 1038 and wounded 4850 Palestinians. '  Israel's free ride ends  As Israel pulverises Gaza, questions about Israeli policy becoming more prominent in American media More government corruption  'Arrogant' MPs pass new law (in 24 hours) to keep details of expenses secret  Israel 'breaking law' with Gaza war   Israeli 'phosphorous shells' incinerate 1,000s of tons of UN food as Gaza starves b'President of Israel Shimon Peres The goal of the Gaza operation was to provide a strong blow to the **people** of Gaza.' b'Did you know?  Israeli Government used to love Hamas because it weakened the Secular Palestinians.' Turkey's Prime Minister has called for Israel to be barred from the UN as long as it ignores international calls to stop war on Gaza. b'Killed by Israel, Eaten by Dogs The emergency doctor could not believe himself seeing the remains of what was days back Shahd, a fullfleshed 4yearold Palestinian girl.' b'Israeli parlament disqualifies two Arab parties from running in elections.' b'A politician with balls tells the truth about Gaza The West has double standards when it comes to Israel' b'Jeremy Paxman Grills Israeli Ambassador To The UK' b'Gazans including 5 month baby ran over by Israelis driving a 70 ton tanks' b'UN says IDF shelled three hospitals yesterday, one of them twice' b'Rights group Israeli fire indiscriminate' b'When Israel expelled Palestinians' b'Eightysix percent of those killed in Gaza were civilians' b'They're wiping out entire families' b'NY Times fears the assault on Gaza has passed the point of diminishing returns!  [Gee, no surprise that the comments are running 7 to 1 against the Times and against Israel]' UK's Trident nuclear missiles are 20bn waste of money, say generals Congolese villagers are forming selfdefence groups to protect homes and families from Ugandan Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) rebels b'An open letter from 20 British Muslims leaders' b'Inquiries Support Olmerts Version of RiceShaming Incident | News From Antiwar.com' UN headquarters in Gaza hit by Israeli 'white phosphorus' shells b'The Darfur situation is bad, but the situation in Congo is chilling 5.4 million dead' 250,000 Spaniards denounce Israel's bloodshed b'Israel Threatens to Shoot Unarmed Civilians aboard Mercy Ship  Tons of humanitarian aid stopped.' b'Israel's No. 1 Paper Don't pity the Palestinians ... Just as a crying baby who only elicits pity will continue to cry, the citizens of Gaza will continue to cry out to the world' b'Over 300 children slaughtered by Israel  worse than Beslan' b'NSAs Wiretapping of Americans being Outsourced to Israeli Companies [vid]' b'Israel hits UN refugee agency in Gaza' b'Israel shelled the UN headquarters in Gaza, burning the compound and a warehouse containing thousands of pounds of food and humanitarian supplies intended for Palestinian refugees.' b'Human rights groups accuse Israelis of war crimes' b'44% of Americans blame Hamas; 14% blame Israel; 57% think Hamas has used excessive force; whereas 44% think Israel has used appropriate force' b'CNN Confirms Israel Use Of White Phosphorus' BBC reports that Israel Defense Forces 'shot at fleeing Gazans' b'315 children have died in Gaza in the last 19 days.' b'Child Porn Laws Used Against Kids Who Photograph Themselves' b'Before the Olympics, China designated three legal protest zones and required wouldbe protestors to apply for permission. Ji Sizun did, and has now been sentenced to 3 years.' b'Jew attacks three anarchists holding a Stop the slaughter in Gaza transparent during the Righteous among the Nations ceremony in Poznan.' b'Indian government to poverty stricken citizens If you won't stop being poor, we can at least make you homeless' b'Three Israeli tank shells have smashed into a United Nations compound in Gaza City, wounding three UN workers' Israel Massacare in Gaza; Children suffer in Israel's war on Gaza b'The Truth About the 2009 Gaza Massacre' b'Israeli ground forces shell hospital and UN relief building in Gaza' b'Among the sites hit yesterday was Sheikh Radwan cemetery. Thirty graves were destroyed, spreading rotting flesh over a wide area. The army said it was targeting a nearby weapons cache.' b'UN Israelis hit our headquarters in Gaza with white phosphorus shells' b'The United Nations tries to outlaw criticism of Islam' b'Today Israel takes down an entire apt building of civilians to kill the family of one man. In Canada, we call that  terrorism.' Australia's topless ban to protect Muslims and Asians b'Israeli warship collides with boat carrying medical volunteers bound for Gaza' b'wife takes final pics of her husband in ER waiting room where he was told to wait while a virus ravaged his organs' b'It has started Protests around the world against US and Israel' b'Israel pounds Gaza for fourth day  The massacre continues' b'Israel attacks a ship containing medical supplies' b'If they are the greatest ally of the United States, why did they need to know about our missile defense system?' b'Unacceptable! [News Photo]' b'Why America Needs to Stop Supporting Israel' Holocaust 'greatest' love story a hoax b'Israel has banned reporters from the Gaza Strip  only reporting from behind Israel lines is now allowed.' b'Ski jumper with the best distance record barred from Olympics.  For being female.' Taliban militants beheading and burning their way through Pakistan's Swat Valley b'Israeli Navy Attacking Civilian Mercy Ship! ' b'Hundreds of demonstrators marched through the Swedish capital on Monday and set fire to an Israeli flag painted with a swastika' b'Crippled accounting standards the cause of the economic crisis?' Asian governments roundly condemn Israel's 'crimes' in Gaza Strip  b'Chaos fear after President Abdullahi Yusuf of Somalia resigns' b'Israeli terrorists bomb a Pharmacy' b'Corruption taints every facet of life in China.' b'Israeli warship orders boat carrying medical volunteers and supplies  with CNN reporter on board  to turn back to Cyprus, accusing the vessel of terrorist activity' b'Hamas official blames rockets on Collaborators' b'Israel prepares for long weeks of action ' Ayatollah Sistani, whom Paul Wolfowitz lauded for 'the first proAmerican fatwa', Calls on Muslims to take practical steps against Israel