 b'Today I end my support of Israel' b'Israel bombs university in Gaza' b'Over the weekend, I mapped the spread of Walmart using Modest Maps. It starts slow and then spreads like wildfire in the southeast and makes its way towards the west coast' b'In pictures Gaza Massacre (Graphic!  possibly NSFW)' 2008 How weird a year was it? Here's how weird b'An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind, Gandhi said.  What's going on in Gaza right now is not just an eye for an eye. It's a hundred eyes for an eye' b'Defense Minister Ehud Barak instructed the Israeli Army to prepare for the operation over 6 months ago, even as Israel was beginning to negotiate a ceasefire with Hamas.' b'Teen, snatched in a Florida suburb, recounts horror of sex slavery' b'Gaza Update A little later I called my mother, only to hear her crying on the phone. The planes are overhead she cried the planes are overhead. ' b'Egyptan Security forces shoot Palestinians' b'Washington once again used its veto powers on Sunday to block a resolution calling for an end to the massive ongoing Israeli attacks against the Gaza Strip. ' Perhaps when the IDF stops the air strikes the Israeli's who supported the slaughter could be made to walk through Gaza, like how Germans were forced to walk through concentration camps after WWII Robert Fisk We've got so used to the carnage of the Middle East that we don't care any more  providing we don't offend the Israelis  b'Secret of the Lusitania Arms find challenges Allied claims it was solely a passenger ship' Gaza Update The longest night of my life. Israeli warships rocketed Gaza's only sea port only moments ago; 15 missiles exploded, destroying boats and parts of the port. b'What makes this attack worse is that for the past 18 months we have been living with little electricity, water and food. For the children it is like living in hell.' b'Most Gaza casualties were noncombatants, civilians ' b'Israel has been planning this carnage all the way through the supposed truce. So much for wanting peace.' Israel's self harm b'Video 28th December attack on Gaza Strip  bombing in Rafah' b'Middle East politics spilled onto the streets in cities across Canada on Sunday as proPalestinian protesters denounced the bloody Israeli attacks on Gaza and blasted Israel as a terrorist state.' b'AntiDefamation League claims Israel has a right to massacre civilians' b'Benjamin Netanyahu is still a fascist' b'Amos Oz, Israeli founder of Peace Now, releases statement on Gaza airstrikes Israel must defend its citizens' b'45 people killed in Congo church' b'Mexico Suggestion that all lawmakers take drug test sets off stampede for the door' b'275 are dead so far, the world is silent, Hamas calls for a third Intidfada, and Israel is just starting.' b'Cops in disguise like anarchists are burning and breaking shops in athens.In the video you can see the anarchists talking with other cops in uniforms' b'An Israeli woman reacts to the horrors in Gaza What's been happening in Gaza is fantastic. ' b'Israeli warplanes pounded the Hamasruled Gaza Strip on Saturday, killing at least 229 people in one of the bloodiest days for the Palestinians in 60 years of conflict with the Jewish state.' b'BBC's guy in Gaza Some of my balcony was damaged and my kid was injured.' Israeli Gov't okays draft of thousands of reservists b'According to Saudi, American, and Israeli media, Israeli terrorism targets Hamas security men. Here is one of them. She is very high up in the Hamas command structure. Don't be fooled.' b'Israel, wrong.' b'As Taliban Nears Kabul, Shadow Goverment Takes Hold ' Robert Fisks World How can anyone believe there is 'progress' in the Middle East? b'Israeli Jew Yes, when Gd says kill the babies, we kill the babies. (Fuck these people)' b'50 targets, 60 warplanes, 200 people, 1 day. All very sanitary. Very sleek. Neatly packaged war in a giftbox. There is a funeral passing every minute. The bodies are piling up.' b'Venezuela to seize gold concessions as oil falls, Chavez says We are taking back...permits are still held by some rich people' Britain's culture minister says websites should be rated the way films are to protect children from offensive material. b'The Most Outrageous News Stories of 2008' b'The first annual Man O War OWardz to commemorate the people who are trying to make the world a better place through war.' b'The death of one Israeli victim justifies the killing of a 100 Palestinians.  One Israeli life is worth 100 Palestinian lives. This is what Israeli and world media more or less mindlessly repeat.' Behave at school and you'll be given a PlayStation or plasma TV, pupils are told b'Anybody know a good, unbiased book about the history of the Israel/Palestine conflict?' b'Four scary words Egypt after Hosni Mubarek ' b'From 19 June until yesterday, there was not one Israeli fatality from a Hamas attack, and life was improving in border cities like Sderot.' As Taliban nears Kabul, shadow gov't takes hold b'230 Palestinians killed & 700 wounded by Israeli warplanes in a single day in Gaza. Israel ...now the time has come to fight' b'European Court Refuses to Intevene to prevent euthanasia of Italian Terri Schiavo' b'120 reportedly killed in Israeli strikes on Gaza' b'Just a reminder that in November 2007 the US Government ordered Firefighters to Spy on Americans Fahrenheit 451 is not makebelieve any more' b'Nokia Maps show Kashmir as part of Pakistan; Hindu nationalist mobs riot and burn down Nokia shops' b'Britain and US refuse to demand end to Israeli airstrikes on Gaza' It's not rape if she is my daughter. In Mexico, incest is considered a crime against the family, not the victim and the underage victim is initially considered as much a criminal as the rapist. 'Israeli air strikes' target Gaza Residents in the Gaza Strip say Israeli F16 bombers have launched a series of air strikes into the territory. b'UK continues down path of 1984, wanting to censor all English language pages on the internet and exempt parents from responsibility.' b'Do not forget, that s Israel is killing hundreds, supposedly to protect itself from Hamas, Israel created Hamas in the first place' b'The BBC takes a look inside Gaza.  Finds malnutrition and shortages ' b'More than 150 Palestinians Killed and Hundreds Injured in Israeli Air Raid' A woman found bound in the trunk of her own car may have been there for well over a week.  The good news  She's ALIVE! b'Israel Set for Gaza Invasion After Rocket Barrage' Canada, U.S. agree to use each other's troops in civil emergencies b'Harold Pinter on US hubris and bullying' b'Israeli air strikes in Gaza Strip kill 155' b'AFP Casulties in Gaza are at least 225, more than 700 wounded. ' b'When War breaks out between India and Pakistan who would win?' Saudi Human Rights Council Launches Women's Rights Campaign b'Eurosceptic and climate change sceptic becomes EU President' As Taliban nears Kabul, shadow gov't takes hold b'Destroy all terrorist camps in Pakistan, Indian Muslims urge Indian Govt' b'Saudi Columnist Calls for End of Religious Police, Newspaper Fires Him' What's going on here?  Condi Rice gets over $300,000 worth of jewels from Arab leaders. b'Samuel Huntington dies. ' b'Main stream media vs. corporate media , a distinction and a difference' b'CIA uses Viagra to gain information from Afghan warlords' b'In Egypt, 2008 was The Year of The Woman First woman allowed to officiate marriages, first woman mayor, new laws regarding sexual harrassment, outlawing Female Genital Mutilation' b'A secret UK court hearing, with secret participants, produce a secret order to secretly gag the population, the terms of which are secret and the revelation is punishable by up to 15 years' b'China to allow freer yuan trades' McDonald's admits to paying 1,000 people to stand in line b'BREAKING! Pakistan Massing Troops on Indian Border' b'Daylight Watergate  On the orders of the government the police, without a warrant. went through the opposition parties papers and arrested an opposition front bencher' b'Russia will sell missiles to 7 countries' b'CIA Trades Viagra for Information' b'The Israelis are like a guy who sets fire to his hair and then tries to put it out by hitting it with a hammer. They do more to incite and sustain terrorism than curb it' b'No, THIS is hell on Earth. Payatas, the Philippines' b'Czechs may give EU a bumpy ride' b'Satan Now Buying Human Souls Online in Russia' b'Criminals and fatties come and join the British Army' b'Pakistan moves troops toward Indian border' b'Palestinian rocket attack kills 2 Gaza girls ' b'Bolivia plot to assassinate Evo Morales?'  Ninth body found in ruins of 'Santa massacre' home b'Iranians join Bush shoe protest' b'6 Chinese go on trial for selling melamine' b'Yemen to build ghetto for Jews' b'China begins antipiracy mission ' b'Israel opens Gaza border for humanitarian aid' b'Palestinians Brace For Israeli Attack After Militants Ignore Warnings' b'Wolf captured near tourist part of Great Wall' b'Hell on Earth, this is a city of ShipBreakers. ' Full text of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's Christmas message b'The economic crisis, right wing government and riots push Greece to the edge. There is talk of revolution and even the oldfashioned Communist Party of Greece (KKE) is stirring. ' b'The Right To Food' b'Love and Support A relative living and working in the UK supports eight families back in Somalia with the money he makes' Israel warns Hamas will pay 'heavy price' b'Merry Christmas to the United Kingdom Redditors, and all others in the GMT timezone!' The full text of a Christmas message from Iran's president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad b'Mission Accomplished For first time, Christmas official holiday in Iraq' b'Merry Christmas From After Hours Friends' b'Man accused of smuggling mummies' b'Das Kapital manga reaches Japanese bookstores chronicles factory run by son who rebels against his father's socialist principles and becomes a slave driver' Dozens held over 'Tibet rumours' b'suigle not google ! a new search engine for houses' b'Britons admit sedition charges' b'Ahmadinejad's Queen for a day message' b'Mormon and former Utah state trooper apparently committed a series of roadway shootings before attempting suicide; He also allegedly shot liquid at woman, temporarily blinding her' b'Sometimes Blogs Are a Good Thing' b'IDF preparing for Gaza op' b'Is war with Pakistan the only option?' b' Guinea coup leaders tighten grip ' b'In the midst of the Madoff debacle, Hamas attacks Israel and the ADL whines that the world must support Israel' b'Pakistan Joint left demonstration against IndiaPakistan war drive' b'IJF Condemns Death Threats Against Pakistani Journalist Ansar Abbasi' Israel's Aerial Weapon against Hamas {VIDEO} b'American Express gets $3.39 Billion, Capital One gets $3.6 Billion, DIscover gets $1.2 Billion...Lets have the intrest rate for this money at 22.99% compounded monthly and with a $3 million late fee.' Archbishop Desmond Tutu has accused South Africa of losing the moral high ground by failing to stand up to Zimbabwe's president, Robert Mugabe.  b'Mexican Beauty Queen Arrested In GunFilled Truck (PHOTOS)' b'Japan Considers Sending Ships to Fight Pirates' b'AS  SEEN ON REDDIT Please help Sergio Lopez Family, fire victim, 3 kids, house burned, lost his wife, and job... ' b'Drug Trafficking  One of the Most Serious Challenges Faced By the Nations Worldwide' b'CO2 Emissions Not a Factor When Approving Coal Plants, EPA Administrator Says' b'England  60,000 households to pay tax at 90%' b'Marijuana Ring that Smuggled 900 TONS of Weed into Arizona gets busted' Press Association Police 'secretly taped Damian Green arrest' b'Ahmadinejad to give festive speech' b'U.S. and Afghans Plan to Recruit Local Militias ' b'Only 137 trucks of food were allowed into Gaza in November. This means that an average of 4.6 trucks per day entered the strip compared to an average of 123 in October and 564 in December 2005.' b'Chinese seek to pull cats from the menu' Coup declared in Guinea after dictator's death b'Undersea cable cut disrupts Mideast and India communications' b'Behold the most depressing deer hunting video since Bambi' b' Report Egypt ready to host Palestinian talks ' b'Virgin Media ups broadband access ante to 50 Mbps' b'U.S. recession deepens, countries boost spending' b'Mugabe responds to US and UK calls for his resignation. Calls them Stupid and Foolish [Video]' b'Saudi girl (8) must remain married to man (47) says judge.' b'David Shepherd Named Man of the Year 2009!    UNNreports.com' France New AntiCapitalist Party `a very exciting initiative' b'Fed Up, Ordinary Guatemalans Turn To Vigilantism' b'Man threatened with arrest under the Australian AntiTerrorism Act for videoing police performing a search in public.' b'German intelligence head threatens Wikileaks site. Threat triggered by an article about the arrest of German agents on suspicion of throwing explosives at an EU office in Kosovo.' Top Notch Journalism, NY Times admits to publishing fake letter purporting to be from the mayor of Paris that attacked Caroline Kennedy's bid for a Senate seat b'Gordon Brown wants loans to the poor to have 27% interest rate.  Labour MPs Revolt. ' b'GOP consultant killed in plane crash was warned of sabotage' b'Iran is shipping missile parts to Syria in Venezuelan planes, to avoid UN sanctions ' b'Protests in Iceland may escalate' Lesbian's brutal gang rape investigated in California b'UK Homeowners who have not missed a mortgage payment could be threatened with repossession by lenders using an emergency clause to demand that the entire loan be repaid at short notice.' b'Pakistani Jets Scramble As India Hardens Tone' b'Oligarchs go cap in hand to the Kremlin as their vast empires begin to crumble' b'As Brazil destroys the Amazon jungle hundreds of ecowarriors trying to protect the environment are at risk of assassination' b'Blix may testify against Iraq war makers' Brazil's Tough New DrunkenDriving Law  Blow a .02 and lose your license for a year b'Russian oligarchs are lining up for $78 billion of Kremlin loans, giving Putin the opportunity to increase government control of the nations biggest companies.' b'Russians protest plan to raise taxes on imported cars' Looking back over China's last 30 years  CNN.com Mexico's drug war Soldiers decapitated heads stuffed in a plastic bag and left outside a shopping center. b'FDNY Lieutenant Admitted Plan To Take Down WTC 7' b'British police failing to investigate 40% of crimes  because they are too hard to solve' b'Interpol slams India for lack of cooperation' b'Playing politics  India reluctant to turn over evidence while demanding that Pakistan crack down on the militant group suspected of hatching the plot' Bush 'shoe maker' hit by demand  b'The Odd Couple ATT and Apple' The pope has sparked controversy by saying defending heterosexuality is as important as saving the world's rainforests from destruction. b'Shoe thrower expected to be shot after throwing first shoe. 'that gave me time to throw the second. If the clock were turned back, I'd do the same thing over again. Trial set for 12/31' b'Bailiffs for private firms can now force their way into homes to seize property to pay off credit cards and loans and can restrain or pin down householders.' b'UN says criticizing a religion or belief is *not* permissible expression' b'Pope says saving humanity from homosexual or transsexual behavior was just as important as saving the rainforest from destruction' b'A French ship has begun repairing two undersea cables in the Mediterranean that were severed on Friday, disrupting internet and phone communications.' b'Australian Internet filtering plan may extend to peertopeer traffic.' b'Mexican drug lords gain notoriety and fame by having the most gruesome killing methods, including dissolving bodies in lye' Saudi Arabian eightyearold daughter's divorce plea is denied b'Companies blacklisted in US for allegedly backing Mugabe operate freely in UK' b'Northern Ireland cashes in on the recession Big Time!' b'Fighter jets of the Pakistan Air Force thundered over the capital, Rawalpindi and Lahore all of Monday afternoon, heightening peoples fears that a war was about to break out any minute with India.' b'Iranian gov't shuts down human rights org for  illegal activities such as publishing statements, writing letters to international organizations, and holding press conferences'  Inventor's 2020 vision to help 1bn of the world's poorest see  with liquid specs b'German spy chief threatens Wikileaks' b'Archbishop of Canterbury warns recession Britain must learn lessons from Nazi Germany.' New Zealand's foreign debt has soared to a dangerous level. b'Sabrerattling by India as military chiefs brief PM.' b'Weak economy forces many North Americans to give up pets' b'...a message was found next to the nine heads warning, For each one of us they kill, we'll kill 10 of them.' b'The Submarine cable that was recently cut, led me to find this article, The Eight Wonder of the World, an overview of the laying of the first Atlantic Cables.' b'Pakistan air force enhances vigilance' it is especially painful for me, as aJew, to portray the ongoing and intensifying abuse of the Palestinian people by Israel through a reliance on such an inflammatory metaphor as 'holocaust' b'Social Media Begins Forcing the Totally Transparent Layoff' b'2 1/2 tons of marijuana found in Afghan school' b'A monster out of control Pakistan secret agents tell of militant links' b'Chinese Banker tells the American People, You need someone to tell you the truth' b'FBI moving agents off terrorismrelated cases to financial fraud ones ' b'Saudi Family Values Saudi court rejects divorce plea from EIGHTyearold girl married to 58yearold man' b'Iraqi shoethrower I would do it again' b'2 1/2 tons of pot found in Afghan school.  As U.S. coalition tries to stamp out opium, farmers turning to pot.' b'Egyptian teacher to stand trial for murdering 11yearold pupil whose homework was late' b'High Court teaches meaning of public domain to heirs of author.' b'Rape victims convicted of Zina (adultery) and sentenced to death by stoning under sharia law' b'Syria claims UN gay rights declaration would lead to sex crimes against children.....' b'LashkareTaiba denies involvement in Mumbai attacks' Saudi court rejects plea to annul 8yearold girl's marriage to 58yearold man b'Eight major undersea Internet communication cables cut in 2008 We most definitely do live in interesting times' b'Afghanistan The opposite of everything we consider to be democracy (w vid)' b'Russian police kick and detain people amid auto tariff protests' b'How is Bush's shoe thrower evidence of a free Iraq when he's in jail?' Sweden's most notorious serial killer might merely be a serial confessor It's Beginning to Look a lot like Christmas (in Amsterdam, with p)c) Did I mention the Drag Virgin Mary? Israeli blockade 'forces Palestinians to search rubbish dumps for food' 'Deaths from Mumbai Policy Enforcement error' b'Zimbabwe is mine says Mugabe' Saudi Arabia 'may allow' cinemas after threedecade ban b'Dont let this sickness spread any further ' b'Baghdad celebrates first public commercial Christmas, w/ ballons, etc. Sponsored by Iraqi Death Squads.' b'Disregarded Historian Saved by Archaeology and DNA Evidence?' b'Russian ballerina Olga Lepeshinskaya, who danced for decades at the Bolshoi Theater and captured the attention of Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin, died on Saturday at the age of 92.' Saudi King Abdullah appoints 30 women to the 150member Shura Council, a historic first France launches air strike in Mali France confirms Mali intervention. Canadian oil sands pollute nearby lakes. Report is blow to Keystone pipeline.  CSMonitor.com By 2050, the world population will comprise nearly 40 per cent Indians and Chinese compared to 5 per cent western Europeans Rare ground based photo of Hiroshima mushroom cloud rediscovered  good information on the immediate aftermath Beijing choked by pollution at dangerous levels Aboriginals stage protests across Canada   91 year old British crossword setting legend John Galbraith Graham (AKA Araucaria) uses crossword to announce that he's dying of cancer. Portraits of Albanian Women Who Have Lived Their Lives as Men French pilot killed in Mali helicopter raid, city of Konna retaken by government troops Spain Nuclear items intended for Iran nuclear program seized Bolivia scores coca leaf victory at UN A Trail of Bullet Casings Leads From Africas Wars to Iran A group of armstrafficking researchers worked for six years to locate the source of rifle and machinegun ammunition in regions of protracted conflict, and all roads lead back to Iran In the Time of Cholera  How the U.N. created an epidemic  then covered it up. Australia's 3rd largest city, Brisbane is apparently experiencing a snake plague! India Moves to Block Dolphin Shows, Citing Cruelty Until today I have not seen a single incident or example of rape with a respected lady, Manohar Lal Sharma said, according to the Bloomberg report. Even an underworld don would not like to touch a girl with respect. French troops help Mali retake captured town Japanese idol, a member of the girls group AKB48, accused of sexually abusing a child in her inappropriate nude photo. [LINK PHOTO NSFW] Somali fighters 'repel' French commandos Mujahideen fighters defeated the socalled commandos of the French government who tried to rescue a hostage, and they [the commandos] left the bodies of several of their own at the sit of the attack. Canadian mine company Nevsun Resources Ltd. is facing explosive allegations that it unwittingly allowed forced labour to be involved in building its flagship coppergold mine.  Spanish police arrested two men and seized the contents of a truck bound for Iran loaded with materials destined for use in the Islamic state's nuclear program, the Interior Ministry said on Friday. 'Mogadishu is like Manhattan' Somalis return home to accelerate progress as construction replaces chaos Pakistan mobilizes its army across the border. Cancels leave for all personnel.  Mexico City has emerged as an aspiring environmental model citizen in recent years as the leftleaning local government has introduced everything from barter markets for recyclables to bicyclesharing arrangements to zero emissions bus corridors.. And the air is cleaner. WalMart paid bribes as it sought to build in the shadow of one of Mexicos most revered cultural landmarks, the pyramids of Teotihuacn. Cuba opens the gates, hoping for a trickle, not a flood  Under a new policy that takes effect Monday, any Cuban with a valid passport will be able to leave the country.
 Roads melt, gas evaporates in Australia's unprecedented heat wave
 India police arrest 6 in new bus gangrape World's oldest woman, Koto Okubo, dies at age 115 in Japan | The Japan Times Online Goldman bonuses set to total $13bn Brits rate immigration as societys biggest issue A portable hard drive containing personal information of more than half a million people who received student loans has gone missing . . . Human Resources and Skills Development Canada says the device disappeared from an HRSDC office in Gatineau, Que., in early November [2012]. French drive back Mali Islamists  Here's What It's Like To Get An Abortion In An Increasingly Pious Turkey Israeli forces evict West Bank Palestinian outpost, despite Israels High Court preventing the government from doing so. Binyamin Netanyahu 'wasted $3bn on Iranian attack plan'. Israel's former prime minister Ehud Olmert accuses Israeli PM of preparing for war that never took place Kenya President Rejects Lavish Pay for Legislators Kenya's President has vetoed legislation in which members of parliament gave themselves a hefty sendoff package Beijing entombed in smog, airborne particles up to 800 micrograms, elderly women & children told to stay indoors France on alert for backlash as air assault on Mali rebels kills 100 UN urges global move to meat and dairyfree diet 
Lesser consumption of animal products is necessary to save the world from the worst impacts of climate change, UN report says Services Like Car and Bike Sharing Boost Global Sharing Economy  Barter Economy Matures from Niche to Trend Vatican Children should have mom, dad after Italy high court upholds custody for gay mother
 When Dad Lives In Jail A Soft New German Way For Kids To Visit Prisoner Parents Domestic violence single greatest cause of harm, says top Met police officer  18 killed in failed French raid to free Somalia hostage Thousands of Russians rally on Sunday in condemnation of the Russian Parliaments move to ban adoption of Russian children by American families Bolivians demand the right to chew coca leaves.  Lenins tomb should stay in Red Square, Putin says  The world's population could actually start declining. ExCIA Analyst Finds Mysterious Chinese Complex on Google Earth German bishops cancel study into sexual abuse by priests, prompting the investigator to accuse them of trying to censor what was to be a major report on the scandals 'My goodness there's a snake on the wing' Snake spotted on a Qantas plane. McDonalds to give out books instead of toys in U.K Pakistan kiln laborers hemmed in by debts they can't repay  Brick makers and others live a life of indentured servitude known as bonded labor. They must borrow to live, and their debts pass on to their children when they die. Blind stroke victim tasered after a police officer mistook his white stick for a samurai sword Three Kurdish women activists have been found dead with gunshot wounds to the head in Paris, French media say, citing police sources After Bluefin Tuna Sells for 1m Conservationists Warn Species is Dying Out   Bluefin tuna are in danger of all but disappearing, according to a new report, despite a decade long fight to save the tiger of the seas. Half of all food 'thrown away' claims report Six prisons to be closed in England  with a new 'superprison' planned Indian gangrape victim blamed for attack by lawyer representing the offenders I never heard of a 'respected lady' being raped in India  Canadians rush to save 11 trapped killer whales  CNN.com Up to half of the food produced in the world is wasted, according to a report by the UK's Institution of Mechanical Engineers The British Library releases the firstever audio guide to how Shakespeare should really sound Chinese animal rights group helps rescue bears from bile farm Locals seek help from Canadian gov as a dozens of killer whales become trapped under vast stretch of sea ice crowding desperately around a single small hole for air Tattooed composer in strong run for Czech presidency Calls Out to Change How South Korea Treats Mental Illness, Since its  Suicide Rate Remains Highest in Developed World  It's leading cause of death for people under  40  & it's an issue that's only gotten worse in recent years.

 Ancient Medicine in Roman Shipwreck  Round tin boxes in 2,000yrold ship off Tuscany held mix of zinc & beeswax likely used for eyes. Impressions in tablets suggest were wrapped in linen to prevent crumbling.   Finds include wine jars,  jugs, SyrianPalestinian glass bowls, Ephesian lamps. 3 Kurdish women shot dead in Paris U.N. wants to use drones for peacekeeping missions Australian Wildfires Clinging to Life, a Family Defies Wall of Flame  
Photograph likely to become one of the defining images of a disaster that has seen wildfires sweep southeastern Australia Saudi Arabia Beheads Young Sri Lankan Maid Millions of New Species of 'Killer Slugs' From Spain Set to Invade English Gardens  After worst year on record for slugs, it's about to get worse. Growing up to 5 in. long, they eat dead mice, dog mess & even each other. In Scandinavia, slugs eating road kill caused road hazard.  Saudi Arabia beheads young Sri Lankan maid, despite international campaign for clemency
 Pakistan also has a rape problem. Days after the Delhi gangrape victim died, 9yearold in Pakistan beaten and raped by three men. In Pakistan, however, no one is talking about it. China Sends Fighter Jets To Meet Japan's F15s In The East China Sea Brazil prostitutes are planning to learn English before 2014 World Cup. String of bombings kill 101, injure 200 in Pakistan
 Zambia has banned the hunting of lions and leopards because of the rapid decline in its numbers of big cats. Outrage over beheading of Sri Lankan woman by Saudi Arabia...she had not had access to lawyers during her pretrial interrogation during which she said she was assaulted and forced to sign a confession under duress...  CNN.com Most Russians and Pakistanis say they prefer a strong ruler over democracy. Pew asked people in seven countries whether they prefer democratic government or one with a strong leader. The latter choice was more popular in only two countries Pakistan and Russia. Pacific Bluefin Tuna Overfishing Has Led To 96 Percent Population Reduction, Study Says Trapped killer whales escape ice, reach safety, hunters say  thestar.com Irish Newspapers Want To Pass A Law That Would Allow Them To Charge Anyone Who Links To Their Articles What Happens When China Goes Gray?  Chinas pension system will have a U.S.$2.9 trillion gap between assets and liabilities by the end of 2013. By 2033 the gap is expected to reach U.S.$10.9 trillion, or 38.7% of GDP.  Native Canadians protesting against forced subsidies in a campaign known as 'idle no more' Japan's government has approved an economic stimulus package worth 10.3 trillion yen (72bn) in an attempt to fix its economic crisis. The gang of men charged with the rape and murder of an Indian physiotherapy student deliberately tried to find a woman to rape and kill and ended the night with blood on their clothes, a police report seen by Reuters said. Breakthrough in Saudi Arabia women allowed in parliament Killer whales escape as Canada's Hudson Bay ice shifts 8,500yearold human bones discovered in Istanbul (pics inside)  The candycolored steps of a staircase in Rio's bohemian neighborhood of Lapa were the life work of Chilean artist Jorge Selaron and a symbol of his adopted city. On this gray, rainy Thursday, they became his memorial. He was found dead on his masterpiece. Archaeologists Uncover Clues to Why Vikings Abandoned Greenland  UN calls for swift deployment of international troops to Mali Concerns about the only child practice in China have been expressed before. Now researchers present new evidence that these children are less trusting, less competitive, more pessimistic, less conscientious and more riskaverse than people born before the policy was implemented. Paralyzed woman loses first Irish righttodie case Hungarian Journalist Calls for Final Solution of Roma Issue  Mysterious structures in China are likely factories    NBC News Insecticide 'unacceptable' danger to bees, report finds  Campaigners say the conclusion by the European Food Safety Authority is a 'death knell' for neonicotinoid pesticides Horse DNA has been found in some beef burgers in the Uk & Ireland supermarkets. Helicopter 'crashes into crane' in London 500,000 Breathing Masks Sold in China in Two Days 67yo Queensland woman banned from calling Emergency Services. Makes 1000 calls in 5 years. White House condemns antiSemitic speech by Egypt's Morsi that called Jews 'descendants of apes and pigs'

 52 killed after an air strike targets Aleppo University on the first day of exams Report says Germany will bring back $200 billion in gold reserves stored in US, France Pollution over Beijing as seen from space Germany's central bank is to bring back almost 700 tonnes of gold reserves it keeps in New York and Paris French boots on the ground in Mali  Direct combat within hours   Islamist militants attack BP facility in Algeria, kidnapping at least 8 foreigners, including English, Norwegian & Japanese nationals.
 Russia will resume a longdormant quest to explore the moon by sending an unmanned probe there in 2015 The right to a free education could be enshrined in the written constitution of an independent Scotland Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has assured religious groups they will have the freedom under a new rights bill to discriminate against homosexuals and others they deem sinners, according to the head of the Australian Christian Lobby. Saudi clerics protest kings move to empower women Dengue is the world's fastestspreading tropical disease and represents a pandemic threat, infecting an estimated 50 million people across all continents, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Wednesday. 638 Illegal Elephant Tusks Found at Kenyan Port 'Militant atheist' blogger stabbed in Bangladesh  His blog has been one of the most visited webpages in Bangladesh and is known for its tirade against religions Indian caste councils praise families that carry out 'honour killings' Indian caste councils accused of encouraging the 'honour killing' of eloping young couples have praised families who murder their daughters as 'peace loving' and 'law abiding' Explosions kill 83 at Syrian university as exams begin
 Leaked US State Dept. memo says chemical weapons used in Syria  Quebec to proceed with Dying with Dignity legislation Elderly couple killed on Free State farm, South Africa All Nippon Airways Co is grounding all 17 of its Boeing 787 planes for inspection after one of its Dreamliners made an emergency landing in western Japan  Lucky prospector finds huge gold nugget 177 Oz/5.5kg (Australia) One of Russias biggest criminal bosses  call him the countrys Don Corleone  has been gunned down in the center of Moscow as he left his favorite hangout surrounded by bodyguards. Sniper kills Russian crime boss in Moscow Egyptian court sentences Christian family to 15 years for converting from Islam | Fox News Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan profits rise sharply Dozens of hostages killed in Algeria  Al Jazeera English Man locks up drunk cop in his own van. [South Africa] Mali a guide to the conflict
 Mexico Looks Forward to Hearing about Gun Control Laws in the US; As much as 70 percent of the weapons confiscated from Mexico's drug cartels come from the U.S. Do we have the right to be anonymous online?  Facebook vs Germany Former Australian PM writes about his 1996 gun reform U.S., Japan review defense guidelines amid tension with China The Gravest of Allegations Conflating Critique of Israel with AntiSemitism French Ground Troops In Combat in Central Mali Attackers kill, injure workers in Algeria; Americans held hostage Six reasons events in Mali matter Ecuadorian tribe gets reprieve from oil intrusion UK police accused of taking DNA of men convicted 30 years ago under nowdefunct gay sex law Israel can remove Palestinian protest tents court Italy Closes Consulate in Benghazi After New Attack Food prices may be catalyst for 2013 revolutions Jakarta floods leave hundreds of thousands homeless
 BBC News  Bombings in Iraq kill Shia pilgrims Next MadeinChina Boom College Graduates Is Tunisia headed towards democracy or sliding back into chaos? Theresa May wants to see your internet history, so the independent thought it was only fair to ask for hers | UK Politics | News Italy to fine smokers 300 for tossing cigarettes China officially ends threedecadeold one child policy Iran's Rouhani says it's up to Muslims to correct Islam's image American weapons sales rose to $36.2 billion in 2014 from $26.7 billion the year before, bolstered by multibilliondollar deals with Qatar, Saudi Arabia and South Korea. Those deals and others helped the United States control just over 50 percent of the market Dutch city plans to pay all citizens a basic income, and Greens say it could work in the UK Czech leader calls migrant wave in Europe an 'organised invasion' ISIS loses key supply route to U.S.backed rebel alliance (YPG/SDF) Swiss bank tax evasion fines to US reach $1 bn Japan teacher who paid for sex with 12,000 filipino women, some as young as 14, gets suspended sentence over child pornography pictures. France has officially banned 'excessively thin' models from working and will send people who hire them to jail Police in Vienna have stepped up security around the city after a warning to several European capitals about a possible attack between Christmas and new year Serbia arrests 80 in anticorruption sweep, including exminister Guantnamo Bay lawyers call bluff on Obama's promise to close prison Obama blames Republican Congress for stalled efforts to make good on campaign promise, but detainees lawyers say fault lies within his administration Israeli Defense Minister Israeli Right Must Do Some Soulsearching Over Jewish Terror. The ongoing Duma case, in which a group of extremist Jews killed multiple members of the Palestinian Dawabsheh family, as well as a recent video of wedding celebration of rightwing extremists with rifles Chinese mine owner kills himself as 17 miners remain trapped Wrestling With God & Taxes  In Iceland, a group find a way to game& protestthe govt's church tax. Opinion polls that show Icelanders are increasingly in favor of the separation of church & state UK Home Secretary defends controversial surveillance bill, says it will stop cyberbullies Canadas marijuana industry lights up as legalization looms John Beeden becomes first nonstop solo Pacific rower Istanbul airport explosion Kurdish militant group claims responsibility  and says more attacks are on the way Iraqi forces 'enter Islamic State Ramadi stronghold' An Islamic airline has begun operations in Malayasia. Rayani Air offers flights that adhere to Islamic rules. The idea for Rayani Air grew out of demands by conservative Muslims who believed that two major air disasters for the national Malaysia Airlines were caused by Allah's wrath. Belgian College's Concerns Over Paris Attacker Were Ignored By Education Authorities to Whom They Were Reported Prince Charles can legally set off nukes UK study In China's capital, they're calling it the airpocalypse, with air pollution that's literally off the charts. The air has been classified as hazardous to human health for a fifth consecutive day, at its worst hitting pollution levels 25x that considered safe in the U.S. The crime of insulting someone through words or behaviour to be dropped in UK Chinas plainclothes police stuff man into unmarked van for speaking to reporters  After a young man offers his support for a censored newspaper, some plainclothes police swoop in to pack him away. Ontario will phase out coalfired power by 2014, making the Canadian province the first coalfree jurisdiction in North America How bad are the bad guys in Mali? The answer, in four powerful paragraphs. Bank robbers have made off with an unknown amount of loot after digging a 100foot tunnel into a Berlin bank from a nearby parking garage. To get into the building, they broke through two concrete walls. Pakistan Supreme Court Orders Arrest of Prime Minister Cleaning lady steals train and crashes into house Turkey's science state council halts publication of evolution books AlQaida carves out own country in Mali, using the bulldozers, earth movers and Caterpillar machines left behind by fleeing construction crews to dig what residents and local officials describe as an elaborate network of tunnels, trenches, shafts and ramparts. France has openned the gates of hell, say Mali rebels Rhino Poaching Death Toll Soars Across South Africa    668 rhinos lost their lives to poachers in 2012  up from 14 rhinos in 2005 & an increase of nearly 50% from the 448 rhinos poachers killed in 2011.  5 more rhinos were killed by poachers just since the beginning of this year.
 Nike accused of using military to intimidate workers  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Saudi clerics protest against appointing women to advisory body Egypt's  Ancient Heritage Under Immediate Threat  Dahshur archaeological site, home of 1st complete pyramid, is being plundered by armed vandals &  thieves.  Residents  invaded site next to Black Pyramid of King Amenemhat III.  Guards were unable to repel the them. UK won't let British veterans accept Russian medal Japan's new budget reverses austerity cuts, giving 570 billion to science and education including 20 billion for stem cell research An international conservation group on Tuesday urged Thailand to ban all ivory trading, warning that rising demand for tusks is fueling an unprecedented slaughter of elephants in Africa. France expected to more than triple Mali troop numbers Saudis defend Sri Lankan maid's execution, hit back at criticism  CNN.com Islamists vow to strike 'heart' of France  (France has attacked Islam. We will strike at the heart of France) The Afghan president said Monday that a meeting of the nation's elders should convene to decide whether U.S. troops staying in the country after 2014 would be immune from prosecution under Afghan law. U.N. Human Rights Chief Seeks Investigation of North Korea  the United Nations human rights chief called on Monday for an international inquiry into human rights offenses committed by the North Korean government over many decades Thousands of protesters in Moscow denounce adoption ban China Allows Media to Report on Air Pollution Crisis Pentagon thwarts Obama's effort to close Guantanamo Rare Footage of Giant Squid in Japan Muslims tell ISIS they'd rather see Star Wars than fight in Syria Syrian Journalist Who Documented ISIS Atrocities Is Killed in Turkey. His death came a day before he and his family were to fly to France, where they were seeking asylum North Korea's second mostpowerful man sent to work in mine for ideological reeducation Austria Turns Away Hundreds of Migrants for Lying About Nationality Saudi Grand Mufti calls ISIS part of the Israeli army 'What has war yielded, neither land nor heaven' Indian PM Modi to Pakistan PM Sharif Ancient arch attacked by ISIS to be rebuilt in London using world's largest 3D printer Islamic State theologians have issued an extremely detailed ruling on when owners of women enslaved by the extremist group can have sex with them, in an apparent bid to curb what they called violations in the treatment of captured females. A new type of basaltic rock has been discovered on the surface of the moon by the Chinese Jade Rabbit moon rover. Belgians arrest 2 accused in New Year's terror plot Germany gives green light to bicycle highways Chinese companies that helped fuel the global hoverboard craze are unraveling rapidly, after Western retailers like Amazon demanded new safety and legality standards earlier this month [December 2015]. Five years in jail for men who 'emotionally bully' wives New law will target bullies who control partners with 'coercive and controlling behaviour' Iran Hands Over Stockpile of Enriched Uranium to Russia... to soon be allowed to sell oil and operate in global financial markets Registrar Shuts Down All Pirate Bay Domain Names The Irish Government has taken unprecedented action to deport a man it claims is Islamic State's main recruiter of extremists in the Republic. Saudi Arabia to raise domestic petrol prices by 'up to 40%' as low oil price hits home Saudi Arabia hikes petrol prices by 40% at the pump World Health Organization declares Guinea Ebolafree after more than 2,500 deaths Hacker group Anonymous is helping the 'Making a Murderer' convict and says it'll release critical new documents Russia 'has removed uranium from Iran' China threatens to shoot down Australian aircraft. Israel warns Brazil to accept its settler ambassador Germany recruits 8,500 teachers to teach German to 196,000 child refugees Almost 23,000 people have signed an Italian porn star's petition for sex education to be taught in Italian schools. Japan apologizes to Korea over sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women Milan and Rome ban cars as pollution rises. Milan is banning cars, motorcycles and scooters for six hours a day over the next three days. In Rome, cars with oddnumbered plates have been banned for nine hours on Monday. On Tuesday, cars with evennumbered plates will be restricted. Saudi posts record $98 bn deficit in 2015 The United States, Russia, Iran, and Saudi Arabia are at odds over which Syrian fighters they'll be able to shoot as terrorists  and which will be labeled moderates. Vladimir Putin has achieved his central goal of stabilizing the Assad government and, with the costs relatively low, could sustain military operations at this level for years, U.S. officials and military analysts say. Noted Syrian journalist who uncovered ISIS Aleppo atrocities murdered in Turkey Criminal gangs are contaminating democracy in Mexico by funding political campaigns and even buying public debt to launder their dirty money ISIS leader threatens to strike Israel Schools do not have to teach nonreligious world views and should let students know Britain is in the main Christian, the Government has said. Iraqi army declares first major victory over Islamic State in Ramadi Syrian journalist & filmmaker who exposed ISIS Aleppo atrocities assassinated in Turkey Train carrying 200,000 litres (44,000 gallons) of sulphuric acid derails in Australia Stoner Sloth was $500,000 well spent, insists firm behind PR disaster Saudi Arabia Plans Subsidy Cuts as King Unveils 2016 Budget Syria antiISIS documentary maker 'assassinated' in Turkey Denmark wants Geneva Convention debate if Europe cannot curb refugee influx  Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen called on Monday for debate on possible changes to the Geneva Convention on the rights of refugees if Europe cannot soon curb an uncontrolled influx of asylum seekers. David Cameron is heckled during visit to floodhit York as angry residents demand action to stop disaster happening again British Army Is Deployed as Flooding Submerges Northern England Brazils reluctance to accept an Israeli ambassador who is a West Bank settler has led to a standoff with Israel now warning it could downgrade diplomatic relations. Russian GDP down 4.0 percent yearonyear in November Economy Ministry Syria and Iraq Ethnic cleansing by Sunni and Shia jihadis is leading to a partition of the Middle East Deadly car bomb explodes at Kabul airport Experiment in Germany tests the idea of an 'emancipatory basic income' An indigenous community in the Ecuadorian Amazon has won a reprieve after building up an arsenal of spears, blowpipes, machetes and guns to fend off an expected intrusion by the army and a staterun oil company. French flags selling out in Mali's capital Normally, Malian attitudes towards France range from resentment to admiration. But when France launched a bombing campaign against Islamist rebels in central and northern Mali, French flags bloomed around the capital Bamako almost instantaneously US officially recognises Somalia's government In Kashmir, a nine year old ceasefire agreement between India and Pakistan is in danger of breaking down. We ignore it at our own peril. Japan to build world's largest offshore wind farm  this July Google to build 1bn UK headquarters at London's King's Cross Scientists modify HIV proteins; engineer them to protect against AIDS
 Canada is the first county in the world to launch a national standard for mental health in the workplace (xpost from r/canada) 
 Govts in Russia, Canada & Scandinavia claim they need to protect lesser species & habitats by killing wolves  while continuing their smash & grab raid on natural resources  Wolf killings are based on the most cynical of premises Movement of Missiles by North Korea Worries U.S.
American intelligence agencies have discovered mobile missile launchers carrying a new generation of powerful rocket  Hotel Mama Bad Economy Has Young Europeans at Home  

Young Europeans in countries hit hardest by the Continent's economic crisis are finding it difficult to move out of their parents' home. Data shows over 50% of those 2534 in some countries have yet to move out. Berlin Bank Heist Tunnel Pictures Released Anonymous Hacks Argentina Data Agency that is Known for Corruption and Lying about their Economy A US Navy minesweeper is stuck on a coral reef off the Philippines, in a Unesco heritage site, after running aground Investigating officer, probing Pakistan PM Raja Pervez Ashraf for graft, found dead Israels Netanyahu 'will not dismantle settlements' if reelected US asks Turkey, Jordan to secure chem weapons if Syria crisis worsens David Cameron has postponed a longawaited speech on Europe due to the hostage crisis in Algeria, saying the country should prepare for bad news. Some Hostages Killed, but Raid Rescues Many, Algeria Says Special Report China's military hawks take the offensive
| Reuters Parcel for Julian Assange is geotracked by artists China's planned rail spending tops $100billion for 2013 In Israel, tensions grow between ultraOrthodox and less strict Jews Jakarta Flooding 1/17/2013 Belgium plans artificial island to store wind power A leading Australian priest who sexually preyed on a disabled woman for 14 years has been allowed to return to preaching and running one of the nation's busiest churches. Crocodiles Killed by Zoo Visitors in China Because They Wanted to Make Sure They Were Alive  They hurled bottles, rubbish & stones, ignoring signs urging people not to disturb them The 100 richest people in the world earned enough last year to end extreme poverty four times over. Australian scientists may have found potential cure for AIDS Snowpocalypse Russia Snow 'tsunami' swallows streets, cars, buildings (PHOTOS)  650 hostages freed by Algerian special forces. Attempted armed assault on Turkish politician in Bulgaria AFP Sniper kills Jazeera reporter in Syria's Daraa TV Companies in China are mislabeling domestically made food products as halal imports from Islamic nations Belgium Wants to Build a DoughnutShaped Island to Store Energy   North Sea minister reveals nation's novel solution to preserving excess energy  build a doughnutshaped island a few miles off the coast that continually pumps water through its center Bolivian Lawmaker Caught Raping Unconscious Colleague In Thailand, a Broader Definition of Insulting Royalty  Court Jails Dissident For What People Thought He Would Have Said Japan finds high radiation levels in fish Spanish Partys ExTreasurer Had $29 Million in Swiss Account  NYTimes.com Rome's Colosseum cleaning reveals frescoes  as well as ancient graffiti and drawings of phallic symbols. Chinese spin doctors urged to spread 'positive energy' online  Chinese spindoctors have been instructed to stepup their online activities and tap into the socialmedia revolution to spread positive energy across the internet.  The director of the Bolshoi Ballet, Sergei Filin, suffers thirddegree burns from an acid attack Swedish cleaner not to blame for train crash Mali army 'regains Konna and Diabaly' from rebels As Tibet burns, China seizes TV's in Tibet crackdown Arrest of Sun's crime correspondent sends shockwaves through News International  South Sudan signs oil deal with Israeli companies Deutsche Bank announces it will continue investing in agricultural commodities  There was no evidence that speculation was responsible for price developments  Eleven hostagetakers have been killed as Algerian troops launched a final raid on a gas plant in the Sahara desert where foreign workers were being held captive, state news agency APS said. Snakes and Ladders Investment Banking on the Brink  For decades, investment bankers have held the key to untold riches  but now they're being laid off by the tens of thousands. As the crisis forces the industry to search for a new identity, is it ready to mend its ways? Totally drugresistant, a deadlier form of TB hits India, A new entity, ominously called Totally DrugResistant TB (TDRTB), has been isolated in the fluid samples of 12 TB patients Mumbai hospital. A View Inside Iran [pics] US navy rescues Iranian hostages held by pirates Iran squeezes Web surfers, prepares censored national intranet 'Before they can log on, Iranians are required to provide their name, father's name, address, telephone number and national ID...' Italian officials combating [. . .] tax evasion hit the jackpot in a swoop on a posh ski resort, catching 42 drivers of Ferraris and other luxury cars who had declared incomes of less than 30,000 euros ($38,700) a year. Pervez Musharraf, who resigned as Pakistan's president in 2008, will be arrested on arrival in the country later this month; a Pakistani court issued an arrest warrant for Musharraf in February over allegations he played a role in the 2007 assassination of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto Chevron Fails in U.S. Court Bid for Order to Shield Its Ecuadorean Assets Karzai demands Bagram be handed over inside a month. Afghans report Americans abusing detainees. A 15yearold boy from Paris was tortured and drowned on Christmas Day by his relatives after they accused him of practising witchcraft To Escape Rising Seas, Entire Island Nation of Maldives Considering Moving to Australia The Dog That Didn't Bark  Algeria looked ripe for revolution. What happened? Ten of Britain's biggest shopping malls install equipment to spy on shoppers via their mobiles Chinese investment in Portuguese power grid raises eyebrows, Portugal is selling its over 20 percent stake in the country's dominant electricity supplier to China's stateowned Three Gorges. US Rules Against Chevrons Bid Not to Pay Ecuador $18 Billion in Environmental Damages  Jamaica 'to cut ties with British monarchy' Airbus A380 fleet should be grounded, say engineers after cracks found in wings As many as 20 Christians were killed Friday in northeastern Nigeria, in a fresh violence claimed by the Islamtist Boko Haram sect UN High Commissioner for Human Rights No amnesty for gross human rights violations in Yemen  The leader of Nigeria's main umbrella group for Christians says its members will defend themselves as attacks by a radical Muslim sect continue. Hot air balloon crash kills 11 in New Zealand Pervez Musharraf Will Return to Pakistan NZ hot air balloon crash 11 killed Facing Isolation, Ahmadinejad to Visit Latin American Allies BBC News  Argentine President Fernandez 'did not have cancer' Iranians Tell of Six Weeks of Fear With Somali Pirates  NYTimes.com UN Slams US for torture, NSA spying Russia to raise price of Ukrainian gas 80% UK Government DVD and CD ripping will be legalized this summer Ukraine says 100,000 Russian troops near border Russia is growing concerned about wellbeing of Germans, Czechs, Hungarians and other minorities in Ukraine. A senior military academic is warning Europe is staring down the barrel of its biggest war since 1945. And it could start in days, as Russian forces mass on the border with Ukraine Sochi Resembles a Ghost Town Just Weeks after Olympics Russia agrees to turn over some weapons, military equipment in Crimea to Ukraine If Wolves are Protected in France, Why are They Being Hunted?  Wolves were originally hunted to extinction by farmers in France back in the 1930s. In 1992 a mating pair crossed the border from Italy. It is now estimated there are around 300 individuals in 25 packs across France. WHO declares India a poliofree nation Russian Border Buildup Stokes Worries  Russian troops massing near Ukraine are actively concealing their positions and establishing supply lines that could be used in a prolonged deployment. Recording posted on YouTube in which officials heard discussing plot to establish a justification for military strikes in Syria rattles Turkey. Obama urges Russia to pull back troops from Ukrainian border U.S. Tries To Stop India's Solar Policy While Pushing Fight Against Climate Change Turkey YouTube Ban Full Transcript of Leaked Syria 'War' Conversation (FALSE Flag Plan) Between Erdogan Officials Denmark offers F16 patrols to Baltic states, in response to Russian incursion. Pentagon Russian Forces on Ukraine's Border Not Conducting Routine Exercises Kenya Muslim MP says homosexuality just as serious as terrorism World's Biggest Coal Company, World's Biggest PR Firm Pair Up To Promote Coal For Poor People. In the 1990s, BursonMarsteller was involved in forming a smoker's rights front group known as the National Smokers Alliance, funded by the tobacco industry Norway's Former Premier Jens Stoltenberg to Be New Chief of NATO Pakistani Christian gets death in blasphemy case 'The Guardian' reporting of Snowden leaks threatened with closure, conference told President Obama announces plan to dismantle NSA phone record database | The Verge Yanukovich calls for referendum on each Ukrainian region Turkish foreign minister calls Syria security leak a declaration of war Thorium a safer nuclear power  China last week announced it was going to speed up its research and development of fourth generation socalled molten salt reactors that can run on thorium. It aims to have one operational in 10 years instead of 25 years Gay marriage to become legalised at midnight tonight in England and Wales A Philippine government ship has slipped past a Chinese coast guard blockade and brought food and fresh troops to a marooned navy ship used as a base by Filipino troops to bolster the country's territorial claims in the disputed South China Sea Mozilla staff call for new CEO to stand down over donation to antigay marriage campaign Google and Facebook get sued over their incomprehensible privacy policies Russian fighter jets light up Finnish sky Putin Calls Obama to discuss Ukraine North Korean rockets contain American, British, South Korean parts, UN finds Der Spiegel NSA Put Merkel on List of 122 Targeted Leaders Russia has 'absolutely no intention' of crossing Ukraine border Lavrov Huawei on NSA If foreign spies attacked a US firm, thered be outrage  Chinese tech company still trying to track down NSA infiltration Over U.S. objection, U.N. Human Rights Council votes to probe legality of drone strikes. Ireland Judge sparks controversy after saying that Muslims feel they can actually beat their wives A ruling at The Hague on Japans whaling activity in the Antarctic Ocean Monday may mark the end of an era  Japan has subsidized a robust whaling program since 1987under the auspices of a research project. The decision comes when demand for whale meat in Japan is in decline Major Taliban attack underway now near the election commission in Kabul Afghanistan FirstEver Excavation Reveals Horrors of Nazi Death Camp Crimean Tatars offer orthodox priests of the Kyivan Patriarchate to conduct services at mosques in case of being forced out by Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate Russia Completes Military Takeover of Crimea Canadian Inuit post 'sealfies' in protest over Ellen DeGeneres' Oscarnight selfie | Film Despite 2nd Turkish court ruling in favour of Twitter, access remains blocked Russia to hand over to Ukraine 350 armoured and motor vehicles MH370 objects bearing colours of missing plane seen in new search zone EU's Ashton denounces radicals' pressure on Ukraine parliament How a Chinese Tech Firm Became the NSA's Surveillance Nightmare Putin Russia to record holders of dual citizenship Turks graffiti 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4  Google's public DNS servers to help people evade the Twitter ban Explosions and shots heard as Russian forces storm Ukrainian airforce base in Crimea. Michelle Obama tells Chinese students internet freedom's a universal right Orange has been cooperating allegedly illegally for years with Frances main intelligence agency (the DGSE). According to a newly found report by Edward Snowden and an investigation by Le Monde, the DGSE was given access to all of Oranges data (not just metadata). Greece's economy has shrunk by nearly onethird since 2007, and the debt has become unmanageable. According to the Greek Census Bureau, there has been a 43 percent increase in suicides in austeritychained Greece since the beginning of the crisis. Kenyan parliament passes polygamy law  Female politicians storm out after parliament passes law that allows men to to marry as many women as they want Ukraine finally signs the EU deal that started it all Today's agreement between Brussels and Kiev is a version of the one Yanukovych originally rejected four months ago, precipitating the crisis with Russia. China has found debris in southern corridor potentially from missing MH370. Turkey blocked Google DNS Putin orders fireworks over Moscow as he laughs off US sanctions  Telegraph Alarming spread of drugresistant TB threatens global health FIFA 'powerless' over Qatar labour rights  World football body accepts some responsibility over welfare of Qatar's migrant workers, but says it cannot intervene Russia tells UN Human Rights Council Language should not be used to segregate and isolate groups  (Russia is) concerned by steps taken in this regard in Estonia as well as in Ukraine. Spain condemns Israel's construction of new settlements European countries begin to rethink defense spending after decades of cuts in face of Russian actions. A serious recalibration is underway, particularly in countries with memories of Soviet tanks rumbling across their borders. Estonia and Latvia are now calling on NATO for more military assets. Ukraine police find 42 Kg of gold in exenergy minister's home French spy software targeted Canada report Apple Nicked Billions in Tax from Australia Were ready to fight, but not the Russian people. Were fighting the Russian criminals in the Kremlin. They want to make slaves out of us, If not for us, nobody will. If I dont do it, who will? Inmarsat reveals all 7 pings from MH370 were progressively further from the satellite Thailand is removing thousands of Rohingya refugees fleeing Myanmar from immigration confinement centers and transporting them to human traffickers waiting at sea, then to a series of camps near Malay border until relatives pay thousands of dollars to release them Canadian Judge has granted medical marijuana patients and producers exception from new laws set to take effect April 1st, until a proper constitutional challenge can be heard. Turks face new Internet restrictions after Twitter block  DNS servers are being blocked European Union prepares for trade war with Russia over Crimea Airlines Move to Cut Off Service to Venezuela Germans seize cocaine addressed to Vatican Storms uncover 7,500yearold drowned forest on Irelands west coast In nonbinding poll, Venice votes 89% in favour of cutting ties with Italy and forming their own state. Nato warns of Russian army buildup on Ukraine border Drug dealers in Mexico 'made to eat children's hearts' to prove their loyalty to Knights Templar leader El Chayo Revelations of NSA spying cost US tech companies Microsoft has lost customers, including the government of Brazil. IBM is spending more than $1 billion to build data centres overseas to reassure foreign customers that their information is safe from prying eyes in the US government. Snowden documents reveal NSA breached servers of Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei Turkish PM Erdogan I don't understand how people of good sense could defend this Facebook, YouTube and Twitter Canadian PM says he'll push for Russia's expulsion from the G8 Visa and MasterCard block Russian bank customers 3Eyed Fish Drawing Attention to Raw Sewage & Toxic Pollution in the Great Lakes Basin of Ontario  It's the largest freshwater ecosystem on earth. And its under attack. Czech Republic ready to deploy its air force in protection of Eastern European countries In Unprecedented Move, 5 Govts Make Pact to Protect Threatened Sargasso Sea  For 1st time, the worlds only sea without coasts will be protected from pollution, ship traffic, overfishing, & illegal activities. This scale of action is unprecedented either on land or in the sea. Guinea confirms Ebola as source of deadly epidemic Drugresistant TB a global health security risk, WHO says Pakistan erased an entire International New York Times cover story Obama will meet Xi Jinping of China in attempt to isolate Russia over Ukraine The Russian Navy said Saturday that it took over Ukraines only submarine, based in Sevastopol, Crimea Poland calls for larger U.S. military presence in eastern Europe Government intervenes at school 'taken over by Muslim radicals Adolfo Surez dies. First president of the Spanish democracy. Australian PM Civilian aircraft gets first direct sighting of debris found in search for missing jet Russia to Europe We can do whatever we want Swedish foreign minister Twitter ban is stupid Danish Minister Mogens Jensen to Uganda's Prime Minister What would you say if it was forbidden to be black? Guy buys golden egg for $13,000. Turns out to be a Faberge egg worth $33.3 million. Tech Giants Knew About Prism All Along, the NSA's Top Lawyer Says Man in his early 20s 'woke to find MP Nigel Evans raping him' BP wins new US oil contracts four years after Deepwater Horizon disaster  wins 24 bids to begin exploration in the Gulf of Mexico, just days after authorities lifted a yearlong ban Exclusive Uruguay may import marijuana from Canada. While it waits for weed to grow, the South American country could turn to Canadian pot producers to kickstart its newly legalized marijuana industry. AMSA (Australian Maritime Safety Authority) has identified two possible objects that might be connected to missing Malaysian plane MH370. China indicates it may block future action against its staunchest ally, North Korea, slamming human rights critics as divorced from reality. Furthermore, China will continue deporting Korean refugees to North Korea, even though many of the deported are sent to prison camps and killed. President Obama No U.S. Military Action in Ukraine The Venezuelan government is removing city mayors who oppose President Nicolas Maduro's administration. Yesterday, the mayor of San Cristobal was arrested and the mayor of San Diego removed from office and jailed. It's no longer unthinkable to prepare for a major war in Europe, officials and analysts say. US funding ghost workers across Afghanistan I am writing to express my concern that the US may be unwittingly helping to pay the salaries of nonexistent members of the Afghan National Police wrote the special inspector general for Afghanistan reconstruction. NASA In 2012 Earth dodged a Solar blast by a mere nine days that would have taken out satellite communications systems, a big chunk of the GPS network, and possibly crashed power grids and computer systems down on the surface. Moscow signals concern for Russians in Estonia Russia signaled concern on Wednesday at Estonia's treatment of its large ethnic Russian minority, comparing language policy in the Baltic state with what it said was a call in Ukraine to prevent the use of Russian. North Korea says UN report on human rights fabricated Uganda's First Lady says she doesn't know any gay cows, so homosexuality doesn't exist... Australia sees possible plane debris Two pieces of debris possibly linked to Malaysia flight MH370 seen off Western Australia  Australian PM Tony Abbott International scholars say that the Canadian government's Elections Act threatens Canadas global reputation as a guardian of democracy and human rights Dont pay too much attention to the rhetoric that originates from Washington and Moscow and at meetings between their highlevel officials.Trust me as a former Kremlin and government adviser Behind the scenes it is mostly all handshakes and smiles. South African president, Jacob Zuma will need to pay back millions for upgrades to personal home in long awaited anticorruption probe Russia's Reality Check Ruble Bonds Drop Second Day on Sanctions | Markets are reacting in real time to Russias incursion into the Crimea section of Ukraine and plans to annex the Black Sea peninsula. Fortune magazine names Pope Francis the world's greatest leader His hardest work lies ahead. And yet signs of a 'Francis effect' abound In a poll in March, 1 in 4 Catholics said they'd increased their charitable giving to the poor this year. Of those, 77% said it was due in part to the Pope U.S. Boycotts U.N. Drone Strike Talks Russia warns West it may change its stance on Iran One of the world's largest and most knowledgeable scientific bodies wants to make one point very clear Just as smoking causes cancer, so too are humanity's greenhouse gas emissions causing the planet to change, with potentially unknown and unalterable impacts. France has banned the sale, use, and cultivation of Monsanto GMO maize crops Pirate Bay Founder Peter Sunde Gets Ready to Run for European Parliament Microsoft sells your Information to FBI; Syrian Electronic Army leaks Invoices The TransPacific Partnership Will Significantly Restrict Online Freedoms We Need Three Planets to Keep the Human Race Alive, NASA Scientist Says The last U.S. ambassador to the Soviet Union, argues that Russian President Vladimir Putins actions in Ukraine are a response to years of hostility from the United States, including the eastward expansion of NATO, the bombing of Serbia and the expansion of American military bases in Eastern Europe. First ever female genital mutilation prosecutions announced in UK Putin calls on billionaires to pay taxes in Russia Putin orders Russias central bank to help his billionaire friends after U.S. targets them for sanctions Desalination plant to be built in Gaza  The European Union and UNICEF launched a project Thursday to build a desalination plant in the Gaza Strip to provide 75,000 Palestinians with drinking water Russia raids Ukrainin factory in southern Russia, halts production. The factory is owned by proEuropean MP Petro Poroshenko. The underlying message from the head of Russia's biggest oil company, Rosneft, was clear If Europe and the United States isolate Russia, Moscow will look East for new business, energy deals, military contracts and political alliances. A video of a female Egyptian university student walking through the Cairo University campus while being whistled and shouted at by male students has caused an international and viral backlash against sexual harassment in Egypt A member of Russia's parliament who voted against annexation of Ukraine's Crimea might be expelled from the Duma A number of gunman, alleged to be teenagers, enter the fivestar Serena Hotel in Kabul with guns in their socks, hide out in the washroom for three hours, then storm the restaurant. Nine diners were killed, including women from Canada and New Zealand. Elite Afghan forces soon dispatched all of them. In Saudi Arabia, Indonesian maids are on death row for sorcery Head of Ukraine TV slapped around by politicians, forced to resign on camera An entire city in Sweden is being relocated to a new site 2 miles away, all thanks to the destructive impact of local mining that is already spreading cracks through the ground Kiruna is built upon. Ukraine guarantees rights, status of Crimean Tatars | Ukrainian parliament passes bill granting Crimean Tatars status as national minority, regional indigenous population. The first Ukrainian soldier killed in Russias invasion of Ukraines Crimean peninsula is Serhiy Kokurin, 37, a warrant officer from the Simferopol military unit | Kokurin was on the observation tower and shot in the heart when Russianbacked forces attacked his military unit. Russia Bewildered by US Sanctions, Warns Retaliation Will Not Take Long Russian troops have taken over three Ukrainian warships in Crimea, a Ukrainian navy official said, after Moscow's seizure and annexation of the peninsula | V. Seleznyov, a Ukrainian military spokesman, said the Russian forces used stun grenades as they stormed the corvette Ternopol in Sevastopol. Iraqi cleric who spoke out against terrorism gunned down in Mosul Satellite images show Iran is building a fake aircraft carrier Russia to refrain from retaliatory moves against US, Ukraine Putin Orange shares all its call data with France's intelligence agency DGSE, according to new Snowden leak Brazil passes Internet governance Bill Brazil has made history with the approval of a postSnowden Bill which sets out principles, rights and guarantees for Internet users. Kenya to use drones to fight elephant, rhino poachers Icelanders can now each claim $400 worth of Auroracoin, the country's new digital currency The goal is to decentralize power and revive Iceland's local economy, given that the kroner has fallen dramatically in value in recent years. Iceland was hard hit by the 2008 global financial crisis ... As Turkey censors Internet, Tor adds 10,000 new users per day  Turkeys online censorship and banning of Twitter is fueling mass adoption of Tor, the most popular anonymity network online, as a tool to circumvent government obstruction The head of Russia's largest bank, the state owned Sberbank, has warned that Russia is now at risk of recession Guardian threatened with closure over Snowden leaks, conference told. Pope Francis has formally accepted the resignation of a senior German Church leader suspended over his alleged lavish spending. Ukrainian Women Have Launched a Sex Strike Against Russian Men Swedish hotel denies breakfast to Roma guest | A Swedish expert invited by the government to speak at the release of its white paper on Roma discrimination was on Tuesday denied entry to the breakfast room at Stockholm's Sheraton hotel. She had to drink her coffee in the lobby. Female polio vaccinator, mother of 5, has been found dead after being kidnapped and tortured in Peshawar, Pakistan. The Ecuadorian lawyer representing small farmers trying to force Chevron to pay damages for pollution in the Amazon rainforest says he has received death threats NSA, FBI, DIA Sued over Refusal to Disclose U.S. Role in Imprisonment of Nelson Mandela A Contiguous 12Country Coalition is Building the 'Great Green Wall of Africa' to span 5,000 Miles Across the Continent and Slow Desertification Something rotten in the Metropolitan Police Corrupt officers may escape justice thanks to mass shredding of evidence Comet lander set to wake up A fridgesized robot lab hurtling through the Solar System aboard a European probe is about to wake from hibernation and prepare for the firstever landing by a spacecraft on a comet. New York Times report Pakistani officials knew about bin Ladens whereabouts India tests new underwater nuclear missile Russian military holds exercises in breakaway Moldova region Catalonia independence vote ruled unconstitutional The war in Syria is not only a war without end. It is a war without international humanitarian law  statistics tell their own story. Out of a population of 22 million, 9 million Syrians have been displaced from their homes. 130,000 are dead Missing plane hunt for 'new objects' A further 122 objects potentially from missing Malaysian flight identified by satellite, Malaysian minister says. The images, taken on 23 March, showed objects up to 23m (75 ft) in length, he said. Ebola Outbreak in Guinea is Suspected to be the Deadly Zaire Strain, Which Kills Approximately 80 Percent of Hosts The Russian Navy Now Controls Ukraine's Combat Dolphin Program Greece seeks war reparations from Berlin  Move to claim $7bn awarded to Greece in 1946 over Nazi crimes comes amid growing antiGerman sentiments over austerity War without weapons Russia singles out Canada over tough line Turkey bans YouTube Estonias President suggestion on how to deal with Russia go after the Kremlins banks like youd go after a terrorists, question the legitimacy of Russian passports, and never doubt Putins taste for territory. Catholic bishop who blew $300,000 on a fish tank and $900,000 on LED lighting blames his deputy for lavish spending Prepare for War in 2015, Kim Jongun Tells Officers In Turkey, leaked recording surfaces on Syria war policy G7 warns Russia of more sanctions if Ukraine crisis escalates Monsanto Forced to Withdraw Unsubstantiated Advertising Claims on Benefits of GM Crops in South Africa Barack Obama, the US president, has expressed concerned about cutbacks in European defence spending, telling NATO members in Brussels that everyone has to be chipping in to defend the continent's borders, sovereignty and territorial integrity. Dwarf planet discovery hints at a hidden Super Earth in solar system  The body, which orbits the sun at a greater distance than any other known object, may be shepherded by an unseen planet Japanese court has decided to release a man on death row for more than 30 years in a highprofile murder case based on new DNA evidence. Liberia declares Ebola outbreak a national emergency Soyuz rocket carrying expedition 39 to the ISS has had technical difficulties. An engine burn did not occur as planned and the 6 hour trip will now take 2 days South Korea Seizes North Korean Boat Amid New Tensions World now 80% polio free, World Health Organization says The World Health Organization has declared its South East Asia region poliofree. The certification is being hailed a historic milestone in the global fight to eradicate the deadly virus. North Korea Calls South Korean President 'Blabbering Peasant Woman' In Unhinged Rant Swiss decide against Russian sanctions Obama Defends Iraq Invasion At Least America 'Sought' To Get UN Backing (Norway)Planned military activities with Russia suspended UN Human Rights Committee Says International Human Rights Treaty Applies to US Worldwide Surveillance IMF agrees to $1418 billion bailout for Ukraine, to rise to $27 billion over the next two years. Russian officials dump iPads over spy fears Canadian Mayor Rob Ford Says Scandals are Old News During Debate  Says people no longer interested in the drug scandal surrounding him after the frontrunners trying to replace him said he has embarrassed Toronto & ruined its reputation Ukraine agrees to 50% gas price hike Ukraine's interim gov't says it will raise gas prices for domestic consumers by 50% in an effort to secure an IMF aid package. An official at Naftogaz state energy company said the price rise would come in on 1 May ... further rises would be scheduled until 2018 Pakistan court sentences Christian man to death for blasphemy Black money India threatens to take action against Switzerland