 If we don't kill them they'll die; the morbidly absurd prosecution of child pornography laws against teenage kids where the only possible victim was themselves b'Schoolgirl rapist kneecapped by vigilantes' b'Photographs of White Phosphorus use.' On the eve of the G20 summit, the entire network of central London's wireless CCTV cameras will have to be turned off because of a legal ruling (the reason being they don't fully meet the resolution standards required).  'Worse than the Taliban'  new law rolls back rights for Afghan women | World news | The Guardian b'Libya's Gadhafi storms out of Arab League summit. I am an international leader, the dean of the Arab rulers, the king of kings of Africa and the imam (leader) of Muslims, and my international status does not allow me to descend to a lower level.' b'Netanyahu To Obama Stop Iran, Or I Will' b'Spanish Court to Consider Torture Investigation of 6 Bush Officials' b'Israel closes probe of Gaza incidents, denies they happened' China says GhostNet is fake because the Canadian research was commissioned by the Dalai Lama's office b'France is threatening G20 walkout' b'Kucinich to probe $3.6 billion in bonuses at Merrill Lynch' Hundreds of French workers at Caterpillar take their bosses hostage after they're told of layoffs b'Should enemy combatants be given legal representation? Lawyers, and political parties, in India dont think so.' b'Europeanwide car tracking system planned, creating a system of almost total road surveillance. ' b'No, this is how the stock market really behaves , (and the fact that it is more than 14 months old does it credit)' Muammar Gaddafi accuses Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah of lying at Arab summit Filmmaker's group makes an awarded movie about Nigerian Scam with only $180 b'What is big, loud, unnecessary, and costs $75 million? A Group of 20 summit.' b'Monsanto GMcorn harvest fails massively in South Africa.' People often question the testimonies Palestinians give about how cruely they are treated by the IDF (which so definitely doesn't target civilians), it would be hard to deny Ghada Abu Halima's version of events, given she died as a result of them The Taliban in Afghanistan are often portrayed as a single, monolithic entity. They're not b'The CIA Recruits Spies on the Radio' b'Should Japan dare recklessly to intercept the DPRKs satellite, its army will consider this as the start of Japans war of reinvasion more than six decades after the Second World War, the official Korean Central News Agency said today.' Here is The People of Freedom, Italy's new conservative party The Supremo in His Labyrinth  A horrifying firsthand account of Kim Jong Il's private life, from a former bodyguard b'Amnesty International links the US to a deadly air raid in Yemen that killed dozens of civilians, with photo evidence.' b'Dutch offered US ships to help skim oil 3 days after the spill. US was not interested' b'Israeli Blockade Isn't About Security |  Israeli government documents describe the blockade not as a security measure but as economic warfare against the Islamist group Hamas, which rules the Palestinian territory. ' b'Hungary equates Communism to Nazism  Hungarian lawmakers have passed a bill equating Communist era crimes to the Holocaust and banned denying it under threat of imprisonment.' b'Banksters, Corrupt Politicians Face Prosecution  in Iceland' b'North Korea has sent a letter to the UN Security Council rejecting claims it sank a South Korean warship and warning the council not to debate the issue. ' b'Hamas Obama's call to ease Gaza blockade meaningless' b'The Politically Incorrect Guide to ENDING POVERTY  convincing the poorest countries to establish foreignrun charter cities within their borders' b'Netanyahu nominates rightwing conservative and a professor looking to be the next Israel ambassador to the UN for inquiry commission; serving IDF soldiers and officers barred from giving testimony' AMNESTY Tribal Pakistan is a 'human rightsfree zone'. b'We are damned lucky for striking Chinese workers' Foreign policy cant be carried out with heroism but with reason. The Turkish Foreign Ministry should publicly disclose correspondence made with Israel so that we may all learn whether Israel warned Turkey or not, says Kemal Kldarolu, Turkey's opposition Party leader. b'Views of North Korea Show How a Policy Spread Misery  NYTimes.com' Cherie Booth (wife of Tony Blair) cleared of misconduct after suspending a Muslim's jail sentence because he was 'religious' b'Turkey On the day of the Gaza flotilla raid, 7 Turkish sailors were killed by Kurdish terrorists... using rockets.' b'Abbas tells U.S. Jews I would never deny Jewish right to the land of Israel  Haaretz ' b'What Does Snack Food Have To Do With Keeping Weapons Out Of Gaza ?' b'Somali Defense Minister and warlord Yusuf  Mohammed Siad, who was leading a fight against  Islamic insurgents in the country, resigns from  government.' b'Former officers of Bosnian Serb army sentenced to life for genocide in connection with the 1995 massacre of 7,000 Muslim men and boys in Srebrenica' b'Mexican Army Captures Zetas Commander In Charge of Monterrey ' b'Bloody Sunday killings to be ruled unlawful' `People's Daily' columnist  `Time to defend Chinese workers' rights' b'You don't have to be Naomi Klein to realize that somewhere along a production line that can manufacture supermarket jeans for 2, someone is getting at best shortchanged, and at worst exploited.' Saudi man convicted of 'engaging in immoral movements in front of other shoppers' gets four months in prison, 90 lashes b'Abby Sutherland FOUND alive and well. 16 year old sailor found.' b'Video shows the border patrol agent shot the teenager 3 times in Mexico territory....' b'A moving article on the daily lives of North Koreans.  NYTimes' b'Simply put There was no Twitter Revolution inside Iran.' b'Video of Israeli commandos executing American' b'The company operating the Deepwater Horizon will shortly pay out a total of $1 Billion in dividends to share holders. That company is US company Transocean. ' b'Pining for a Soviet Paradise  Back in June 1990, I never would have thought that on the eve of the 20th anniversary of the Declaration of State Sovereignty I would witness crowds of people  including young people  eulogizing the Soviet Union and shedding tears over the fall of a great power.' b'Gaza flotilla captain Activists prepared attack against IDF raid  Haaretz' b'North Korea shows that, in the right circumstances, people will strive under any hardship, tolerate any government lie. ' Japan's financial collapse is next Japan PM Naoto Kan warns of 'collapse' under debt pile b'Spain seeks EU backing on plan to lift Israeli blockade of Gaza' It's Official There was No Humanitarian Aid on Mavi Marmara (300 wheelchairs, 300 new mobility scooters, 100 special mobility scooters for the disabled, Hundreds of crutches, 250 hospital beds, Four tons of medicine...)  b'Pope begs forgiveness for institutional child abuse  world dubious.' b'Looks like we might have to worry more about the effect of Corexit 9500 then the effect of oil on our environment.' b'UK PM Cameron No more troops for Afghanistan  British Prime Minister David Cameron on Thursday ruled out sending more troops to Afghanistan, saying Britain's forces should not stay on for a day longer than necessary.             t Arab News' b'Gaza Fishermen Under Siege' WTF! Countries have no longer the right to selfdefense The US and Israel are concerned the S300 missiles might be used to PROTECT Iran's nuclear facilities from possible attack. IDFhired driver 'Why did they kill so few?'  Driver hired by IDF to transport soldiers posts sign on font of bus criticizing commandos who took part in Gaza flotilla takeover for small number of casualties. b'Australian billionaires take to the streets for tax protest' b'Bloody Sunday in Northern Ireland killings to be ruled unlawful' Australian government considering retaining everyone's browsing history for up to ten years b'Another person being charged with Holocaust denial. ' b'U.S. Fury at BP Stirs Backlash Among British' b'First amateur images of Osh riots in Kyrgyzstan' b'Are growing tensions in Slovakia creating the conditions for another European conflict? ' b'Saudi will shut down air defenses to allow Israel to bomb Iranian Nuclear facilities' b'Scenes from the Gulf of Mexico  The Big Picture' b'Australia getting more Big Brother every day now plans to log all your online activity and access it without a warrant.' b'Public prosecutors in Germany are looking into a war crimes complaint filed against Israel by two members of parliament with the farleft Left Party and a human rights activist who were on board the Mavi Marmara when Israeli troops stormed it 11 days ago.' b'Physicist Michio Kaku tells Keith Olberman why nuking the BP well would be a very bad idea.' b'BREAKING Cultures of Resistance releases full 1 HR RAW footage from the Mavi Marmara' b'Israeli agent involved in Dubai assassination arrested in Poland on German arrest warrant' b'Video footage has been released that shows a US  border patrol agent shooting dead a 15yearold  Mexican boy. ' b'If you grew in these circumstances,faced with these choices,would you choose to live in this world,or in the glorious afterlife?. Inside a School of Suicide Bombers [TEDTalk]' b'Finland considers legalizing use of unsecured WiFi citing lack of harm caused' b'A Booming Business in Illegal Cannabis Plantations in Germany  German cannabis plantations are now edging imports from Morocco and Afghanistan out of the market. The trend began after the Dutch government began driving growers out of the country.' b'Kyrgyzstan declares state of emergency' b'  Maos Secret Famine Exposed  Behind Paywall  nYang Jisheng used position as official journalist to research and publish truth about China's Great Leap Forward in 195861. Perhaps 40m died in world's worst manmade faminen' b'Chairman of Goldman Sachs International Was  Until Last Year  Also Chairman of BP' b'Vladimir Putin Hints At Return To Russian Presidency In 2012' In preparation of a new report on Bloody Sunday to be published Tuesday (and about to change history), here's a summary of the events of that day Bangladesh 'Eve teasing' craze takes a terrible toll. b'Cape Town runs out of earplugs following deafening Vuvuzela onslaught' b'Israeli Official Threatens to Kill Turkish PM' b'North Korea warns it will launch a military strike on South Korean loudspeakers' b'Venezuela orders arrest of antiChavez TV boss ' b'To save Africa, reject the legitimacy of its states.' b'Rebel group in Congo kills 102 civilians per month, abducts children for soldiers, porters, and sex slaves  UN' OECD's muchwatched set of broadband metrics S. Korea has the lowest cost at $1.76, UK  $1.98, Japan  $2.33... b'7.7 quake hits west of Indian islands  The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center issued a tsunami watch for India, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Thailand and Malaysia.' b'Israels Greatest Loss Its Moral Imagination  Haaretz Daily Newspaper | I called a friend in Israel to inquire about the mood of the country. He told mein a voice trembling with emotionthat the worlds outpouring of condemnation of Israel is reminiscent of the dark period of the Hitler era.' b'Polish authorities have arrested at the request of Germany a suspected Mossad agent thought to have played a role in the Dubai assassination of a Hamas commander, German prosecutors said.' b'REVEALED Flights, girls and cash buy Japan whaling votes' b'When we found this dolphin it was filled with oil. Oil was just pouring out of it. It was the saddest darn thing to look at, said a BP contract worker who took the Daily News on a surreptitious tour of the wildlife disaster unfolding in Louisiana.' b'Mobs Slaughter Uzbeks and Burn Towns in Kyrgyzstan ' b'Iranian President says aid flotilla will carry escort of volunteer marines ready to teach Israelis a lesson' b'South Africa ponders vuvuzela ban' b'Egyptian police brutality young man tortured to death because he refused to be inspected in an internet cafe by nonuniformed police men. (note a Google translate link, last  paragraph translation is a mess)' b'Japan Accused Of Bribing Nations To Lift Ban On Whaling' b'Iranian ships ready to sail to Gaza' b'Poles arrest a man who allegedly faked German passport used by Mabhouh assassins' b'Saudi Arabia We will NOT give Israel air corridor for Iran strike (London Times report was wrong)' b'Israel shakes down China' b'The Reproductive Revolution; the population bomb is being defused. It is being done without draconian measures by big government, without crackdowns on our liberties  by women making their own choices.' Abbas to Obama I'm against lifting the Gaza naval blockade b'World cup Ruthless Germany hammer Australia' b'Ethnic rioting spreading across southern Kyrgyzstan, 80 dead and 1,000 wounded' b'Nicole Johnston reports from Gaza, where it has been reported that about 14 per cent of children suffer from stunted growth due to malnutrition.' b'McChrystal Faces a Iraq 2006 Moment in Afghanistan  by Gareth Porter   Antiwar.com  Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal confronts the specter of a collapse of U.S. political support for the war in Afghanistan in coming months comparable to the one that occurred in the Iraq War in late 2006.' b'Iran Moscow must abide by S300 deal, Tehran warns it is capable of producing similar defense systems' BP's Long History Of Destroying The World.  The oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico is a final onslaught launched from the grave of colonialism, perpetrated by a corporation that can compete with Goldman Sachs  b'Poland arrests alleged Mossad spy regarding hitsquad slaying of Hamas agent in Dubai' b'activists on board the aid convoy were robbed of an estimated 3.5 million dollars in cash and equipment by Israeli commandos' b'Japan bribed with cash and prostitutes to keep whaling' b'Up to 150,000 men of Jewish or partially Jewish heritage fought for Hitler  ' b'Red Cross says what no one dares Gaza blockade is illegal' b'Iceland passes gay marriage law in unanimous vote' b'Afghan mineral deposits story is propaganda' b'In nearly 50 years Don Ritchie, 84, has saved at least 160 people at The Gap, a rocky cliff at the entrance to Sydney Harbour' b'According to Unicef, only two countries have not ratified the Convention on the Rights of the Child, which prohibits the use of soldiers younger than 15 the United States and Somalia. Coincidentally, Somalia is employing child soldiers with American money.' b'Final minutes of Polish military flight 101 carrying many of the leaders of Polish government ' b'US Army to spend as much as $100 million to expand its Special Operations headquarters in northern Afghanistan. Construction is supposed to take a year. At which point, the U.S. is allegedly supposed to begin drawing down its forces in Afghanistan. Allegedly.nn' Video Confirms, Israeli Commandos Boarded Ship Brandishing Silenced Uzi's b'Australian government to monitor all Internet usage' b'Red Cross Report Gaza Strip is about to enter its fourth year of blockade. Gazans continue to suffer from unemployment, poverty and warfare, while the quality of health care system has reached an alltime low' b'Aftermath of Dubai Assassination  Israel Against Extradition of Suspected Mossad Agent to Germany' b'I listened to the survivors of the Israeli raid on the Free Gaza flotilla. Their story, which is backed by photos, clearly invalidates the narrative of the Israeli government.' b'Russia gone... Constitutional? Medvedev refuses to send troops to calm ethnic riots between Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan because [i]t is an internal conflict, and so far Russia doesn't see conditions for participating in its resolution.' b'Gaza economy collapsing under siege 95% of factories are closed, 93% of water is polluted.' b'Armed ethnic clashes rage in Kyrgyzstan; thousands flee ' b'Depleted uranium used by US tanks in Iraq and Afghanistan is poisoning and disabling kids in Northern India (including the Punjab and Delhi)' b'British politician David Trimble has been asked by Israel to oversee their internal raid inquiry as one of two international observers. He previously had a report on Northern Ireland published by a UK group called Conservative Friends of Israel' b'Briton Jeff Savage and Australian Conor Purcell have been held for one month without charge in a Thai jail in the wake of the Bangkok riots' Stalin's harvest What lies behind the violence in Kyrgyzstan  b'Is Belgium Coming Apart?' b'Loosening Blockade of Gaza is not Enough Most children do not even have clean water to drink' Two police officers and an army sergeant who were held hostage by Colombia's Farc rebels for 12 years have been rescued in an operation by the country's security forces. b'Belgian election win for party that wants to split nation' b'Report Pentagon seeks WikiLeaks founder Assange,  fearing cables will be published ' b'The Somali government is fielding hundreds of child soldiers, some as young as 9, according to rights groups and the United Nations.' b'Breaking news All serious crimes in the UK have been solved.' b'Absolutely heartbreaking. These kids in villages across Nigeria are beaten, tortured, burned, starved, and murdered because some idiot religious figure deemed them witches ' b'Awareness Of Outside World Growing In North Korea' b'Irish to expel Israeli diplomat over Hamas killing' b'British paratroopers unlawfully killed Bloody Sunday marchers in 1972 Saville Report released' b'An American construction worker claiming to be  hunting Osama bin Laden was arrested carrying a  sword, a pistol and nightvision goggles in Northern  Pakistan.' b'Here we go again...(North Korea Diplomat) If the Security Council releases any documents against us, condemning or pressuring us ... then myself as diplomat, I can do nothing. ... The followup measures will be carried out by our military forces' b'Ireland expels Israeli diplomat Investigation concludes Israel responsible for forged passports used.' b'CIA Rendition Case Reaches Top European Court' b'BBC News  Irish to expel Israeli diplomat over Hamas killing' b'Somalia ban viewing of WC 2010 Those caught watching will be given a maximum of 30 lashes in public. Two fans killed while watching game.' Iranian aid ships head for Gaza   Iran is sending aid ships to blockaded Gaza, state radio said Monday  a move likely to be considered provocative by Israel which accuses Tehran of arming the Palestinian enclave's Hamas rulers. The Catholic Church in Germany has been hit by revelations of theft, opaque accounting and extravagance. While the grassroots faithful are being forced to make cutbacks, some bishops enjoy the trappings of the church's considerable hidden wealth. Maybe you don't see an irony in the individual getting screwed and screwed again by the same corporations and bailedout banks who are so forthcoming with their advice for our politicians b'Bloody Sunday dead all innocent' b'Israeli Nuclear Missile Boats Off Iranian Coast' b'Israeli intelligence agents photographed members of the Rachel Corrie aid mission before the ship left dock in Dundalk. The first mate of the vessel has claimed that during their time in Israeli custody they saw photographs of several members of the group clearly taken in Ireland. ' b'38 years later, a 5,000 page report costing $285M and taking 12 years results in Bloody Sunday victims all being found innocent!' Jordan is set on becoming the Middle East's newest nuclear power, Jordanian King Abdullah told the Wall Street Journal in an interview over the weekend b'A 12yearold IndianAmerican activist tried to issue summons for Warren Anderson, former chief of Union Carbide over the deadliest 1984 gas disaster in Bhopal.' b'Iran to Cut Mineral Exports to Sanction Supporters' b'It has been revealed that the current food crisis in North Korea is so appalling that rations for the military are being distributed to the general public.' N. Korea warns U.N. of military 'followup'   North Korea b'Now Ireland expels Israeli diplomat in passports row over murder of Hamas official' b'Ireland expels Israeli diplomat over Dubai killing An Israeli government agency was responsible for the misuse and the manufacture of the forged Irish passports associated with the murder' b'Australia soon to become the first Western democracy to join Iran and China where Internet access is restricted by the state' Two 19 year olds were beaten with iron rods and then electrocuted to death by their own families as they belonged to different subcastes and had 'planned' to elope b'WikiLeaks Founder Has Garani Massacre Video,  According to New Email  The Daily Beast' b'Iceland passes Wikileaks law. What will that mean for journalists?' b'Canadian version of Fox News is in the works.' b'Turkey's Prime Minister  Its not possible for a Muslim to commit genocide.' b'Kyrgyzstan carnage 700 feared dead as looting, riots surge' Egypt Israel wants to 'dump' Gaza on us. It is time for Egyptian leadership to raise to this challenge b'Three powerful earthquakes have struck Indonesia within half an hour of each other.' b'France to raise retirement age  The French government has unveiled plans to raise the retirement age to 62 in a sweeping overhaul of the pensions system that labour unions have vowed to fight to the end.' b'Was the swine flu a fake pandemic?' 'Internet a risk to nation'  INDONESIA'S communications minister said on Wednesday a celebrity sex video scandal showed the Internet was a threat to the nation and vowed to issue a decree to curb its use. b'Michael Andersen I am ashamed that European media and politicians do not understand the tragedy in Kyrgyzstan' b'Israeli company leads charge to supply world with vuvuzelas.   Let's see what reddit does with this.' b'Matthew Simmons The Relief Well Will Fail, And An Undersea Oil Lake May Be Covering 40% Of The Gulf' b'Over the past month, heavy rainfall has caused massive amounts of flooding in Europe  Dozens have lost their lives, many thousands evacuated their homes, some repeatedly. [pics]' b'Chilling, blunt and gruff author paints the picture of what Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, the most violent city in the world, is like' b'Britain Acknowledges Bloody Sunday Killings. A longawaited British judicial inquiry into 'Bloody Sunday'when British paratroopers shot dead fourteen demonstrators in Northern Irelandhas found the killings were 'unjustified' and lays heavy blame on the army.' b'35 year oil industry veteran cites recently gathered data to say oil leak near 120,000bpd and the oil beneath the surface has spread to potentially cover 40% of the Gulf.' Was The New York Times' story on minerals in Afghanistan smart or the result of Pentagon PR? The Copyright Lobby's Astroturf Campaign in Support of the Canadian DMCA b'Wikileaks Commissions Lawyers to Defend Alleged  Army Source | Threat Level | Wired.com' b'WikiLeaks versus Wired war of words continues' b'Direct action gets the goods Greek anarchists take over supermarket, burn money' They can't work, they can't claim benefits, they have nowhere to live. And their only means of survival is one 10 food voucher a week.  b'First Australia wanted the ISP Filter, then ISP data retention on net activity... now they want to link it all to our PASSPORTS!!!' b'1 buys 1000 litres of tap water. Or one bottle.' Afghanistan Through Teenagers's Eyes What happens when you give cameras to a group of Kabul teens. b'Manhunt for Wikileaks Founder, and Alleged Leaker of Video Showing Iraq Killings Held for 2 Weeks Without Charge' b'Wondering why there are so many empty seats at World Cup games?' South Korean media says North Korea's Dear Leader  Kim JungIl  asked China for J10s fighters during his recent visit there, but was rebuffed. b'Iceland Passes WikiLeaks Law  Truthdig Video The Icelandic parliament has approved protections for journalists, making the island nation perhaps the safest place in the world to afflict the comfortable and speak truth to power.nn' b'Chavez set to nationalize the last opposition TV station.' Kyrgyz violence level 'alarming'  b'Something fundamental has changed in China's legal system.' Mexico's deadly drug violence claims hundreds of lives in past 5 days b'British Muslims spit at British troops' Turks infuriated over ban on Google sites Turkish activists have initiated a legal challenge against the government's controversial move to block Google services b'100,000 Askenazi protesters come out in support of segregated schools' b'Cuba braces to contend with BP oil spill' Turkey to cut 'all ties' with Israel b'Israeli police have been placed on high alert in view of protests planned by UltraOrthodox Jews against a court order to jail parents who refuse to let their daughters attend a religiously integrated school.' b'KOREA Seoul warns, North has 180,000 soldiers ready for war' b'More than 160 children have died of lead poisoning in Nigeriain recent weeks [graphic Vid]' b'Israel says it will ease Gaza land blockade' b'Deadly flash floods hit southern France' b'Syria President Israeli flotilla raid increased chances of war and proved that they are another pyromaniac government that you cannot achieve peace with' b'African leaders are meeting in Chad to push the idea of planting a tree belt across Africa from Senegal in the west to Djibouti in the east. ' b'Jews and Turks Centuries of Goodwill' European leaders are meeting today amid growing fears that Spain, Europe's fifthlargest economy, is preparing to ask for a bailout which would dwarf the 110bn rescue plan for Greece. New video footage captured by a tuna industry whistleblower has been released by Greenpeace, which reveals the routine slaughter of other marine species, including whale sharks, rays and whales Chinese poet Liao Yiwu recently moved to Germany, where his books are bestsellers. His selfimposed exile has allowed him to finally publish his memoir, which reveals the abuses and torture he suffered during his years in prison. The book is a shocking indictment of the Chinese justice system. Chinese Fund Managers Sentenced to Death Europe bans 'naked' airport scanners over cancer fears   Chinese Fund Managers Sentenced to Death after 
Cheating Investors out of 1 Billion USD   Agent Orange  Photo gallery from Vietnam. The war ended in 1975 but children are still being born with birth defects, allegedly as a result of the US military's use of Agent Orange during the conflict In a blunt warning amid an escalating crisis, the Harper government declared Friday that Canada stands ready to join with other nations in preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. 'Gaddafi's son captured' in Libya China bristles at US troop build up in Australia  US decision to send 2,500 troops to Australia has not gone over well in China.
 Shoplifters caught stealing from a Dollar Store in northern Sweden can avoid being reported to police if they agree to wear fullbody sign outing them as a thief. Spains brain drain pain young talent heads abroad for a better future, with 21 percent unemployment, the brightest flee to Germany, the US and even Brazil.
 Turkey and Jordan, backed by Western and Arab powers, are preparing to set up two safe zones for civilians inside Syria if President Bashar Assad did not sign on to an Arab plan aimed at ending a bloody crackdown on antiregime protesters by Saturday.  Neutrinos still faster than light  The Italian Institute for Nuclear Physics (INFN), which runs the Gran Sasso lab, has just confirmed the earlier result based on a reexamination of the old data. Crucially, it also replicated the finding with an allnew batch of neutrinos. Ethiopian troops 'cross border into Somalia' Britain's 'most wanted' killed in a CIA drone attack in Pakistan Otaku Culture And Cultural Soft Power  
Japan's economic collapse offset by boom in Internetdriven youth and marginal culturesmanga, cinema etcwhich sent Japan's national cool quotient soaring. Lost status as industrial power, gained status as cultural superpower Masked gunmen attack Brazilian Indian leader in shock execution  Survival International China's Green Growth Potential Could Create 9.5 Million New Jobs'  
There's a  Jeckyl & Hyde nature to the environmental situation in China, which can claim both the world's biggest investment in new energy & the most dangerous levels of pollution Norway an Eden with wifi Violence Erupts in Cairo, Even as Military Cedes Political Ground Hidden in Plain Sight  Facts and Myths about Germany's FarRight Extremists Peruvian Government Accused Of Secretly Sterilizing Thousands Of Women China won't be riding to the rescue any time soon  There are risks involved trillions of dollars stashed in China, and trillions in debt accumulating on the other side, all waiting to tip into disarray.  Syrian President Bashar alAssad said the crackdown on antigovernment unrest in his country would continue in the face of pressure from the Arab League to end it. Nobody leads polls ahead of Greek election An Egyptian Salafi preacher said raping and sexually harassing women protesters in Cairos Tahrir Square is justified, calling them crusaders who have no shame, no fear and not even feminism. Australian children are to be banned from blowing out candles on communal birthday cakes under new hygiene regulations 35 ancient pyramids discovered in Sudan A Somali court has sentenced a woman to a year in prison after she accused security forces of raping her. Woman vandalizes famous Louvre painting Liberty Leading the People by Delacroix The drone war is a shadow war, widely reported in the media but officially unacknowledged by the CIA and the White House. no one knows precisely how many casualties our shadow war has caused, but media and NGO reports suggest that the number of deaths is somewhere between 3,000 and 5,000. Aviation experts say new Iranian stealth jet is a pathetic hoax that cant even fly Police defuse bomb in Madrid cathedral All dogs will now have to be microchipped in England Spain Offers Citizenship to Descendants of Jews Forced Out During the Inquisition
 The brutal gang rape and murder of a young woman on Saturday have led to an outpouring of anger among South Africans, frustrated with a national epidemic of sexual violence. Personal finance education to be compulsory across England UN says bribe payments soar in Afghanistan  Survey found that $3.9bn, twice the nation's domestic revenue, was paid in bribes in 2012. Childfree seats on AirAsia for just 25 extra Vermont Maple Sugar Candy Producer implicated in Canadian $20million maple syrup heist from Quebec warehouse Born In An Iranian Prison  And Into A Lifetime Of Consequences Back in the USSR? Key Soviet document that proclaimed the death of the Soviet Union is missing Blunt Words on China from U.S. Navy Suicide bomber blows himself up near Mali soldiers
 Turkey tells US envoy to stop meddling in its affairs 35 pyramids discovered in a Sudan Necropolis Derision, bafflement over Egypt prime ministers remark on unhygienic breasts causing diarrhea A Sri Lankan prisoner who tried to hide his cellphone during a search of his cell was caught out when guards heard a ring tone emanating from his rectum  complete with xray image. Gunmen Kill 9 in Attacks on Nigerian Polio Clinics  Attacks come after  local cleric denounced polio vaccination campaigns & local radio programs repeated previous conspiracy theories about such campaigns being a Western plot to harm Muslims.
 Overwhelmed by a critical housing crisis, Hong Kongs poorest residents forced to live in metal cages Mathematician discovers 17million digit prime number  'No practical use'  India judge defends acquitting 35 accused in  gangrape case There was ample evidence to show the girl was used for child prostitution, which is not rape The British Queen is facing a tough inquiry into her finances and expenses by the most powerful watchdog in government Inside A Secret CIA Prison In The Polish Countryside Documents reveal how American intelligence officers turned a secret training center for Polish security forces into one of the controversial black site prisons for terrorism suspects There's a reason Egyptians keep taking to the streets The Muslim Brotherhood has proved to be little more than the old Mubarak clique with beards 11,000 Elephants Slaughtered in African Forest German Education Minister Annette Schavan has resigned after a university stripped her of her doctorate for plagiarism.
 Polio workers in Nigeria shot dead  At least nine health workers gunned down in northern city of Kano amid increasing hostility towards polio immunisation drive South Korea says it will launch a preemptive strike against Pyongyang if they moves to test a nuclear weapon Papua New Guinea woman burned alive for sorcery She was stripped naked, tortured with a branding iron and tied up, splashed with fuel and set alight, while a crowd that included school children looked on Cold War in Asia Japan suggests setting up a military hotline with China to avoid clashes between the two countries Iran's president defies supreme leader to safeguard his future Mob strips, tortures, and burns alive woman accused of witchcraft in Papua New Guinea 
  China will compensate a woman who was held in a disused morgue as punishment for going to Beijing to petition against her husband's jailing Malala, Pakistani teen shot by Taliban, leaves hospital after stunning recovery Suicide bomber in north Mali manages to kill 1 person, himself.  Japan demanded a formal apology from China yesterday for a onesided provocation after its navy targetted a Japanese destroyer patrolling the disputed Senkaku Islands with weaponslinked radars.  Horse meat crisis widens
 Syria Children in Aleppo suffer horrific injuries as Assad forces target civilians A judge in Chile has ordered the exhumation of the remains of the poet Pablo Neruda, as part of an inquest into his death in 1973.
 Oilrich, velvetropepoor Azerbaijan, a country about the size of South Carolina on the Caspian Sea, would very much like to be the worlds next party capital Guatemala declares national coffee emergency Woman defaces famous Louvre painting with black pen Delhi parliament attack plotter hanged Huge Bangladesh rally seeks death penalty for Islamists The remains of Richard III, one of the most famous figures in English history, has been found. Women in Paris are finally allowed to wear trousers, after a 200 year law forbidding them to do so was revoked! In rush to urbanize, China flattens 700 mountains
 Ahmadinejad says he wants to be Irans first astronaut Match fixing in European Soccer Investigators identify 380 fixed football matches, 425 corrupt officials and players. Including Champions League matches. Yemen confirmed on Saturday that a ship intercepted last month off its coast was an Iranian vessel trying to smuggle explosives and surfacetoair missiles to the country To curb rape, Muslim group calls for end to coed schools in India Windfarms in Spain Produce More Electricity Than Any Other  Source for 1st Time  Wind energy exceeded output from both nuclear & coalfired power stations & represents over a quarter of Spain's total power generation North Korea 'preparing for two nuclear tests'  
The growing wealth gap is unsustainable The everincreasing many who are struggling cannot support a structure that favours a tiny number of the very rich
 China's thick smog arrives in Japan Fidel Castro makes first public appearance in three years The Monkey Uprising Has Begun in Saudi Arabia
 Fayhan Al Ghamdi, Saudi Cleric, Reportedly Beats 5YearOld Daughter To Death, Receives Only Light Sentence Google Doodle pays hommage to the Canadian penny. It is the last day that the penny will be in use Egyptian police target impoverished children  A fourteen yearold bone cancer patient in police custody is being refused chemotherapy treatment amid a rise in disappearances and arrests of minors. Iran's former central bank chief caught entering Germany with a check worth $70 million, drawn on a bank in Venezuela.  Kuwait jails youth for five years for insulting emir on Twitter. Ecuadorian judges confess to taking bribes in Chevron suit More in France Are Turning to Islam, Challenging a Nations Idea of Itself
 Skeleton found in Leicester car park is that of Richard III, the last Plantagenet king Thousands More Birds Expected to Wash Up on Britains Shores in Enormous Eco Crime  
Pressure mounts to find the ship that dumped  oil into the sea. Supplier of halal meat containing pork DNA is named Investigation Finds Suspected Fixing in 680 Soccer Matches At least 425 people from more than 15 countries are suspected of conspiring to fix matches on behalf of Asian criminal syndicates... Family of smokers on airplane forces costly diversion North Korea, poised to conduct a nuclear test any day now, has posted a video on YouTube depicting a US city resembling New York engulfed in flames after an apparent missile attack. Woman in Bolivia has been building homes for the poor out of plastic bottles. These things are amazing. China threatens Japanese warship with guided missiles over island dispute North Korea dreams of the future for One Korea and the USA Japanese Whaling 'Dead in the Water' Without Millions in Subsidies Animal watchdog reveals 'warehouses of whale meat' as demand plummets Gunman fires at Danish antiIslam writer, misses Greek police caught photoshopping suspects' mugshots after beating them I will not forget my childrens blood Aleppos female sniper vows to take her revenge  Her fame has spread throughout Aleppo. Her comrades have nicknamed her Guevara, but to many residents she is known simply as the female sniper. Singing is unIslamic, says Grand Mufti to Kashmir's first allgirl rock band Somali journalist sentenced for reporting on rape A suicide bombing that killed five Israelis and a bus driver in Bulgaria was the work of Lebanon's Hezbollah militant group Falklands will be under our control within 20 years, says Argentina  Denmark shooting Gunman targets Islam critic Hedegaard CIA rendition more than a quarter of countries 'offered covert support'. Report finds at least 54 countries cooperated with global kidnap, detention and torture operation mounted after 9/11 attacks
 Israels Education Ministry has rejected the findings of a study funded by the U.S. State Department that determined that Palestinian textbooks rarely demonize Israel or incite hatred against the Jewish people 1,800 soldiers from Chad have entered Kidal, the last major town in northern Mali under Islamic rebel control Report due on Magdalene laundries 'Over the 74 years, thousands of women were put to work in detention, mostly in industrial forprofit laundries run by nuns. Each woman had her Christian name changed, her surname unused and most have since died.'
 Bangladesh war crimes court jails Islamic party leader for life Guilty on five of six charges, including mass murder and rape  Malis Islamist Sharia Enforcers Singled Out Women For Special Persecution Canada's penny heads into retirement In Turkey, more than half of the navy's admirals are in jail, along with hundreds of generals and other officers, all on charges of plotting to oust Turkeys mildly Islamist Justice and Development government. Kashmirs first allgirl rock band breaks up after one concert because of threats including a fatwa from the government's cleric Iran's New 'Super' Stealth Fighter Jet Is Totally Fake Israels Gatekeepers break their silence
 She put the photos online, but can this womans bruises keep Chinas wives safe from domestic abuse?  Asia  World Canada officially eliminates the penny, 35 billion pennies (82M kg/ 180M pounds) will be collected and melted down. Transactions will be rounded to the nearest $0.05 Thousands of Mali's ancient manuscripts were saved from the fires of radical Islamists by an illiterate 72yearold librarian who stuffed them into millet bags and smuggled them by cart, motorcycle, canoe, then car to the capital, Bamako, on the other side of the country. UK Parliament votes in favour of Gay Marriage. Family decides to smoke on plane forcing pilot to do an emergency landing. Family now being sued by airline for landing fees and hotel accommodations for all the other passengers.  PM's daughter blows whistle on 54 nations that helped US secret detention programme. North Korea propaganda taken off YouTube after Activision complaint Magnitude 8.0  near Santa Cruz Island China's staterun newspaper If North Korea insists on a third nuclear test despite attempts to dissuade it, it must pay a heavy price Catholic Church enslaved 30,000 Irish women as forced unpaid labor in Magdalene Laundries until 1996 (Reuters)  China unveiled sweeping tax reforms on Tuesday to make wealthy stateowned firms, property speculators and the rich pay more to narrow a yawning gap between an urban elite and hundreds of millions of rural poor. Somali court sentenced a woman to a year in prison after she accused security forces of raping her, and a journalist who interviewed her was also sentenced Malaysian airline launches 'quiet zones' on flights, where children under the age of 12 are not permitted to sit Ahmadinejad Iran already a nuclear state, but has no intention of launching attack on Israel Six Spanish tourists were raped by a gang of armed, masked men in the Mexican resort of Acapulco. They tied up the six men with phone cords and bathing suit straps and then raped the six Spanish women. The Mexican woman was not raped. French troops killed 'hundreds' of Islamist fighters in Mali 8.0M Solomons quake triggers tsunami warning Danish Islam critic escapes assassination attempt Apple slugged in Australia by new tax laws after a 5.5 billion dollar tax discrepancy  the cloak of invisibility is no longer acceptable Gay marriage legislation passes in England and Wales BBC News  CIA operating drone base in Saudi Arabia, US media reveal Brazil to Scrap All Taxes On Food, President Dilma Rousseff announced Fears in Germany as NeoNazi's move in from Greece  4 arrested in Egypt after shoe thrown at Irans President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Someone Threw a Shoe at Ahmadinejad on His NotSoGood Trip to Cairo The assassination of the Tunisian opposition leader Chokri Belaid has sparked mass protests in the capital, Tunis, and in several cities across the country  Live Updates Dad must pay child support for 3 kids that aren't his Court rules | Canada  Japan says scrambled jets after Russian intrusion into air space A small hole for Mars a giant hole for mankind Nasa's Mars rover Curiosity has turned its drill in rock for the first time 9 year old gives birth Two Russian fighter jets have violated Japanese airspace, prompting Tokyo to scramble its own aircraft, reports say.
 Child Sexual Abuse Rampant and Untreated in India while even Police refuse to help in one case they jailed a young girl for 12 days because she claimed she was raped Antisnow chemicals used in Moscow take 1.3bn years to dissolve In Yemen, drone strikes are causing a spike in support for al Qaeda, because such a move is seen as the only way to retaliate against the United States. Filipino Faces Jail Time for Offending Religious Feelings Colombia's Farc proposes legal coca and marijuana crops as part of land reform in the country. Swiss consul's wife hits couple on bike and escapes, gets caught because eye witnesses note license plate Over the past year a New Zealander named Roger Shepherd has had almost unprecedented access to North Korea. He has spent nearly three months in the country over four visits, and was allowed, even encouraged, to travel far and wide into the remotest corners of the country. South African girl's gangrape and murder triggers political outrage    Attack on Anene Booysen likened to Delhi bus case, but similar protests unlikely in country where rape has become normalised Doctor shocked by rape victim's injuries Australian Wind Energy Now Cheaper Than Coal, Gas, BNEF Says The oldest known living wild bird in the world, a 62yearold albatross, Wisdom,, has given birth to a healthy hatchling.  Three Canadians invent worlds most energy efficient light bulb 20 yr old woman burned alive for 'sorcery' in PNG    police attempting to help her chased away by the mob Irans supreme leader rejects Joe Bidens offer of direct talks 35 Ancient Pyramids Found in Sudan France is on the hunt for wouldbe Islamist fighters at home, fearful that they will join militants in Mali High hopes Why science is seeking a pardon for psychedelics  Poachers kill 11,000 Gabon elephants in under a decade The African country is home to half the world's 100,000 forest elephants, coveted by ivory dealers for their tusks Iran to manufacture drones for Hezbollah Irans drones are highly demanded by different countries, and we have transferred the assembly line to these countries Forty Winks on a slow train in China an AFP stringer finds himself on a 36hour train trip during Chinese New Year, the biggest annual human migration Recent pictures from warridden Damascus by Reuter's photographer Goran Tomasevic | The Atlantic Japanese whalers ordered out of Australian waters  ABC News 4 at Once Volcano Quartet Erupts on Kamchatka  A unique show is taking place on Kamchatka these days 4 separate but nearby volcanoes are erupting simultaneously on the Russian peninsula. A Moscow film crew has produced an aweinspiring 360degree video of the natural fireworks.

 Nunavut man who fired a semiautomatic rifle at five home intruders, killing three, has murder convictions overturned Explosion in front of U.S. Embassy in Ankara, Turkey. Several people wounded Iceland Kicked Out FBI Agents Who Flew in Unannounced to Investigate WikiLeaks David Attenborough reveals his choice of successor Professor Brian Cox 18 yearold Jamaican born footballer Raheem Sterling uses new contract with Liverpool FC to pay for Jamaican kids to go to school. HRW Worst year for human rights in Russia since the USSR collapsed Syria 420,000 people in Homs are in desperate need of humanitarian aid says UN Peak Oil solved, but climate will fry BP report Mali Is Not a Stan When it comes to covering Africa's latest conflict, it's suddenly amateur hour. The French are winning handily in Mali. Mexico City 'Explosion' at Pemex, state oil giant. Prisoners in Brazilian jail get four days off their sentence for every book they read. Explosion outside USA embassy in Turkey Irish the forgotten white slaves says expert John Martin | Irish News | IrishCentral UN calls on Israel to remove over 500,000 settlers Air Pollution in New Delhi Was Much Worse Than Beijing Thursday, But  Indian Government Is Not Acting. Syria Says It Has Right to Counterattack Israel A Russian judge who decided to spend his vacation  as a war correspondent in Syria was shot in the face UK sperm donors win the legal right to apply for regular contact with their biological children following a landmark High Court ruling. A truck carrying fireworks has exploded on a highway in central China, causing part of a bridge to collapse. 26 people may have been killed. 14 killed, 100 injured in blast at Mexican state oil company offices in Mexico City Pakistan bomb 21 die in Hangu Shia suicide attack London woman left disfigured by shocking random acid attack by mystery woman in niqab as she walked home from work at Victoria's Secret  French General Assembly votes to make samesex marriage legal After 8 days of protests that killed nearly 60 people, a video of one demonstrator stripped naked, dragged across the ground and beaten with truncheons by helmeted riot police has fired Egyptians to a new level of outrage. Ghana Gays have rights and I will protect them  Oye Lithur Iceland refused to help FBI on WikiLeaks. Minister says, I demanded that Icelandic police cease all cooperation (with FBI) and made it clear that people interviewed or interrogated in Iceland should be interrogated by Icelandic police. Egypt President Morsi aide claims Holocaust was US hoax and 6m 'dead' Jews simply moved to America  | Mail Online Egyptians work to reclaim a Tahrir tainted by sexual assault  

Tahrir square has become a terrifying place for women as sexual assault becomes more common and violent. Fed up, civilians are making it their job to prevent it and rescue women from attacks. Missing Irish millionaire found after eight months with thief reportedly carved into his forehead 'Traces of pork DNA' found in Halal prison meat Russian judge fired after falling asleep in court, then giving defendant a 5year sentence Greeces neofascists are on the rise... and now theyre going into schools How Golden Dawn is nurturing the next generation  Stalingrad gets its name back for a day  The Russian city of Volgograd has approved the use of its wartime name for one day, to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the end of the 200day Battle of Stalingrad. British Gangs Use Flare Guns Now Because They Cant Find Real Ones 10 Years later  Beheading of Daniel Pearl Children and the culture of pornography 'Boys will ask you every day until you say yes' Here's What Your $97 Million Drug War in Central America Actually Bought Court upholds Canada's medical marijuana laws The ruling was a major disappointment to civil libertarians and advocates for HIVAIDS patients, who had argued that it is virtually impossible to obtain the medical approval the law demands Outlawed 'Argo' DVDs Are Selling By The Thousands In Iran The plight of Cambodias garment workers  Striking workers call on WalMart to take responsibility after supplier skips country owing $200,000 in wages Iran Rial Hits AllTime Dollar Low  Currency registering a more than 21% drop in   2 week span against US dollar.  Iran facing growing shortage of foreign cash because of international sanctions against its central bank & vital oil sector over its  nuclear program. Deadly clashes in Cairo as Egyptians rally  Thousands of demonstrators hit streets of Cairo, Port Said and Alexandria calling for President Morsi's resignation. Admitting you are a secularist can you killed in Pakistan Toronto Grads Invent World's Most EnergyEfficient Light Bulb The NanoLight, invented by three U of T [University of Toronto, Canada] graduates, uses only 12 watts of electricity yet generates the equivalent output of a 100watt incandescent bulb. IMF hits Argentina with firstever censure of a country. Israel 'considering further air strikes on Syria' Saudi preacher gets off light for raping, killing daughter New Saudi fatwah  baby girls must be veiled to stop sexual assault The Nordic countries are probably the bestgoverned in the world 
After 30 years, is a GM food breakthrough finally here? Golden rice, a new strain that boosts vitamin A levels and reduces blindness in developing countries, is about to be sown in the Philippines
 The saving of Timbuktus priceless manuscripts owes everything to the bravery of an unlikely group  librarians. German Left Party calls for a 100 percent tax on any income over 500,000 in their general election campaign Time Running out to Save Elephants from Ivory Trade  The new wave of killing of elephants in Africa is in many ways far graver than the crisis of the 1970s and 80s. Firstly there are fewer elephants, and secondly the demand for ivory is far higher.  A Saudi preacher who raped his fiveyearold daughter and tortured her to death has been sentenced to pay blood money to the mother after having served a short jail term Germany busts Iranian man arriving on a flight from Turkey with $70M Sweden's immigration Minister immigrant 'volumes' too high. SelfImmolations by Tibetans Approach 100, Some Are Asking if It Is Worth It There was a selfimmolation in Tunisia which was labeled the catalyst for the Arab Spring. And how come we have been given less support than what we witnessed in the Arab world? Egypt bodyguards take stand against sex assault; Amid a growing number of brutal attacks on women protesters in Egypt, one stood out A mob of men on Cairo's Tahrir Square raped a 19yearold woman with a sharp object, cutting her genitals in an attack that forced her to undergo emergency surgery. Eastern Syrian town lives under al Qaeda rules. 'They took control of the nearby alWard oil and gas field and also went straight for the grain silos. They control the resources, which gives them power' 17 year old daughter of Indian Farmer nominated for Science Award  Making Salt out of coconut palm petiole Minister Iceland refused to help FBI on WikiLeaks Woman who had acid thrown in her face by woman wearing Muslim Veil recalls ordeal Almost 100 SelfImmolations, yet No International Media Spotlight Maldives girl whose stepfather reportedly raped her charged with fornication Iran says it will resume nuclear talks in Kazakhstan
 The inventor of the Etch A Sketch died in France today President Assad accuses Israel of destabilising Syria Hollande mobbed by grateful Timbutuku residents 6.9magnitude earthquake hits northern Japan Thief helps Paris police snare 'Corsican gangster'  A man alleged to be one of Corsica's most notorious gangsters was behind bars after being arrested by chance thanks to a thief plying his trade on one of the poshest streets in Paris. Ahmadinejad unveils Irans newest fighter jet that militant officials claim can evade radar US, Canada, New Zealand, Sweden, and others at UN condemn three strikes Internet laws, say the laws violate human rights Canada to legalize prostitution? Ontario court case could make prostitution and brothels legal.  A 300acre luxury hotel, villa, golf course, & an airport funded by British taxpayers are to be built for the rich on one of the most remote inhabited places in the world, the Atlantic island of St Helena  Plans don't bode well for it's wildlife, flora & fauna, that astonished even Charles Darwin Sri Lanka's Killing Fields is disturbing, revolting, horrific, and without question one of the best pieces of TV journalism on conflict. Channel 4 has brilliantly captured this story in all its horror. I strongly recommend you brace yourself and watch it while you still can.  Yet another Amazon activist killed execution style. Incredible pictures of Libyan Rebels' armaments. Anonymous declares phase one of the plan. The people vs. the system. Angry youths hurled petrol bombs at Greece's Finance Ministry and tens of thousands of protesters marched on parliament to oppose govt efforts to pass new austerity laws Road Rage in Russia  
Moscow's elite has decided it doesn't need to follow the traffic laws. In controversial move, BBC airs assisted suicide on TV  South Korea building a utopian metropolis from scratch 40 miles from Seoul Pakistan reported to have arrested five people for allegedly giving information to the Central Intelligence Agency before the raid that killed Osama bin Laden Bahrain to sue British newspaper The Independent 
over reporting by Robert Fisk Nigeria's pastors 'as rich as oil barons' 'Falklands sovereignty is not negotiable. Period! UK's Cameron Greek state starting to lose grip on functions of state Drug War 500 Cops Raid Mohawk Communities In Canada In Search Of Pot, Coke and XTC  Police won't disclose the quantity of drugs seized, Lino Maurizio noted, given these people don't keep a lot of drugs in their residences for a long time.  Wave of Unrest Rocks China EU ministers seek to ban creation of 'hacking tools' Indian anticorruption activist dies Pakistan's top military spy agency has arrested some of the Pakistani informants who fed information to the Central Intelligence Agency in the months leading up to the raid that led to the death of Osama bin Laden, according to American officials. China has been accused of trying to cover up the extent of lead poisoning among children, and of blocking effective testing and treatment Live streaming of riots and protests outside the Parliament in Athens Greece. Inside, MPs will vote on new austerity measures. Governor's bodyguards found dismembered in Mexico Afghanistan worst place in the world for women, but India in top five
 LulzSec strikes again $6.6bn in US cash for Iraq rebuilding 'stolen'  Middle East, World News  Independent.ie Goodyear blimp pilot advises passengers to jump ship moments before its explosion in Germany. Pilot and Australian native, Mike Nerandzic, died a hero. Turkey Arrests 32 Anonymous Members More than 70 percent of 29,284 firearms found in Mexico originated in the US Resisting the Arab Revolution  First Cracks Appear in Saudi Arabia's Forced Calm Bill Gates pledges an extra $1bn to fight disease, asks for help to save another 4 million lives. 1,000's of protesters and security forces clash in China  New Egypt? 7,000 civilians jailed since Mubarak fell  The Same Financial Firms Responsible For Our Economic Crisis Are Driving Us Toward a Global Food Disaster THE Syrian government's attempts to conceal the extent of the crackdown in the country have taken on an Orwellian quality. The Italians have cast their ballots  and for the second time in a few weeks, Silvio Berlusconi was left holding the short stick. The country voted against nuclear energy and against the privatization of waterworks. But it has also become clear that the country has tired of its leader. 32 Anons arrested in Turkey after government website attacks Greece has finally become the country with worst credit rating In Mexico, Growing Popular Movement Calls for End to Drug War  Traumatized by years of violence that have done little to curb the trade, Mexican activists are touring the country, demanding a new approach. Source of Libya viagramassrape story a woman who claims she sent out 70000 questionnaires and received 60000 responses, of which 259 women reported sexual abuse at the hands of soldiers Syrian Unrest Stirs New Fear of Deeper Sectarian Divide  After recent events, Turkish and American officials say they believe that some of the business elite have begun to turn against the Assad regime Nepal free of landmines five years after civil war Japan's cabinet approves bill to bailout TEPCO who will face a total of 10 trillion yen ($124 billion) in compensation claims and will have to raise its electricity charges by 16 percent from next year to cover the costs McKinney said NATO air strikes, quite unlike what NATO says, keep hitting nonmilitary targets. China 'will not use force' in South China Sea disputes Kings sexual proclivities confound even Swedes 
King Carl XVIGustaf has plunged the monarchy into a crisis because of allegations that he visited strip clubs, allowed a friend to pay a gangster to cover up the scandal and lied to his subjects.

 Violent Crime Soars in Athens Arab League states call for suspension of Syria South China Sea China vs. Vietnam   Amid the escalating dispute over territorial waters, Chinas rivals are toying with a simple idea change the name of the sea.
 Lone man stands up to rioters in Vancouver. This is our city. What the fuck are you doing? (crossposted from r/canada) Today, Saudi women defy driving ban and take the driver's seat en masse! South Korea rejects North's demands for return of defectors Fukushima It's much worse than you think Disturbing Images of The Vancouver Riots.  Ban on 'gang culture' haircuts in school is 'indirect racial discrimination', judge rules  This photo essay of a Ukrainian interrogation room is so incredible that I had assumed the lead image was just a staged photo illustration. It's not; it took the photographer 5 years to be allowed access. French burka ban descends into farce  Israeli President warns We're galloping at full speed toward a situation where Israel will cease to exist as a Jewish state.  He states that those rejecting the 1967 borders (e.g. Israeli PM Netanyahu) will lose the world's support. The liabilities of the Greek Government, including pensions, is $1.2 trillion dollars, which is more than $250,000 for every taxpayer Canada, a nation that takes pride in its reputation for peaceful coexistence, wrestled with questions about possible flaws in the national character after a riot in Vancouver Suicide rates are increasing in Japanese regions most effected by the tsunami and nuclear disasters |
			The Australian Danish F16s running out of bombs over Libya  One in four Britons to have names on police database  A quarter of Britains population will have their names logged on a new police database despite millions of those having had no convictions, it has emerged. Dubai says no to body scanners  Fullbody scanners will not be introduced at Dubai International Airport, police have confirmed Chinese officials stole $120 billion, between mid 1990 to 2008, fled mainly to US. Fatal floods hit China forcing over 500,000 to flee Days of torrential rain have forced the evacuation of hundreds of thousands of people in central and southern China.  Satellite Pictures Of Chinese Ghost Cities Vote as I say Independent candidates for elections appear to be a spontaneous step too far for the Communist Party  First Rhino Poached in Swaziland in 20 years (warning somewhat graphic photos and video) Morocco's King Mohammed VI has announced proposals for constitutional amendments in a landmark speech. Syrian people refuse to back down to intimidation Austerity anger in Greece threatens the government  and the whole European economy Syrian forces open fire on protesters; 16 killed Vancouver Looter Turned In By Parents Vancouver Canuck fans riot after Stanley Cup loss. (Live) Japan three months after the quake Obituary Mietek Pemper  

Polish Jew, born 1920. Friend of Oskar Schindler. Secretary to commandant of Plaszow labour camp, Amon Goeth. Persuaded Schindler to save Jews from Auschwitz by employing them to build arms for Nazis. Drew up Schindler's List Sri Lanka Killing Fields video evidence 'builds case for war crimes'  Channel 4 News Taiwan deletes simplified Chinese from official sites For The First Time Ever A Woman Is Running For The President Of Egypt.   They call her the woman who is like a hundred men. She calls herself a girl of the revolution. Thousands of Vancouverites volunteer to clean up the city after last nights riots. Pakistan is blocking food and water from reaching a remote base used by the US for its secret drones programme, severely hampering counter terrorism strategy, according to a senior American official.  Brazil says promarijuana rallies are legal   The magical realism of body counts  6.6 earthquake hits Papua new guinea China and allies back Russia against U.S. missile shield Egypt's alKarama party wants to cancel peace treaty with Israel  June 17 is I will drive the car myself day in Saudi Arabia. Correspondent Caryle Murphy finds out what's it like driving while female in Saudi Arabia. Police commander and his wife slain in Jurez In Greece, we see democracy in action.  Thousands of people come together daily in Syntagma to discuss the next steps. The parallels with the classical Athenian agora, which met a few hundred metres away, are striking. Video provides evidence that undercover police provoked the violence at Barcelona parliament demonstration. Turkey says it will do everything can to help people fleeing Syria. A powerful explosion has hit the Nigerian police headquarters in the capital, Abuja, officials say. Syrians vow to overcome violent crackdown by Assad's troops, The violence is keeping many at home but it is not breaking the movement'  demonstrators refuse to bow to government pressure India A famous yoga instructor, who has a TV show with 30 million viewers, began a hunger strike to oppose government corruption and was joined by tens of thousands. The world's most dangerous countries for women Europe Faces Lehman Moment as Greece Unravels Photos Riots, fire, destruction after Vancouver's loss Wooly mammoth tusks among items seized by Russia customs Swiss banks to pay billions of dollars in fines and hand over account info of thousands of wealthy tax evaders to US


 5 WikiLeaks Hits of 2011 That Are Turning the World on Its Head  And That the Media Are Ignoring Canadian intellectual property lobbyists caught faking counterfeit data so they could try to enact new border measure provisions that could lead to the searching of luggage as travellers enter Canada Video captures shooting of unarmed man, sparks unprecedented anger A day after a young Macedonian man was beaten to death in the city of Skopjes main square, some 300 people have gathered to protest police brutality and the silence of officials. Stop police brutality! Helicopters open fire to disperse Syrian protesters
 Hundreds of people have been taking part in a weeklong peace caravan in Mexico to protest against the violent drugs war Teens Locked Up and Forced to Give Birth to Kids Sold into Slavery How Can This Happen, and What Can We Do About It?
Last week, BBC broke the story of what has been dubbed a baby farm in southern Nigeria. Now that we know this, what are we going to do about it?  I.M.F. Hit by Sophisticated Cyberattack Choking on the Three Gorges  
Chinas government at last owns up to problems at its monster dam Pakistan troops caught on film shooting unarmed teenager dead at pointblank range Footage of Sarfaraz Shah's shooting likely to further undermine faith in Pakistan's security forces Mexican 'peace caravan' demands end to drugs war Hundreds of Mexicans taking part in a peace caravan to protest against the violent drugs war have arrived at their destination of Ciudad Juarez A disgraced Russian army colonel who murdered a Chechen teenage girl was gunned down in a brazen, contractstyle killing in downtown Moscow Friday E. Coli Outbreak Scientists 'Find EHEC Bacteria at Sprout Farm'  cientists have finally managed to prove that the pathogens that caused a deadly E. coli epidemic in Germany were found on sprouts at a farm in Lower Saxony.  After a muslim preacher claimed that Islam allows men to buy sex slaves, a female politician in Kuwait now argues that Muslim men should be allowed to buy Russian women as slaves. A Russian colonel who was jailed for murdering a Chechen teenager has been shot dead in central Moscow. Syrian army helicopters open fire on protesters The African Union Calls on Gaddafi to Step Down Iceland Is Crowdsourcing Its New Constitution 'Many killed' amid fresh Syria protests  Activists say at least 23 people have been killed, most of them after the army shelled town in northern Idlib province. Beheading increase in Saudi Arabia Bahrain The loathing persists  In the long run the ruthlessness of the ruling family may not ensure its survival  International Monetary Fund hit by large and sophisticated cyberattack Somali minister killed by niece  Antinuclear protests in disasterhit Japan
 More than 300 Tibetan monks have disappeared after being rounded up by Chinese security forces at a monastery for reeducation. One Thatcher ally told the Guardian Lady Thatcher will not be seeing Sarah Palin. That would be belittling for Margaret. Sarah Palin is nuts. Spanish police says that they have arrested the leaders of Anonymous in Spain Formula One race in Bahrain officially cancelled by Grand Prix organisers amid accusations of human rights abuses in government crackdown on protesters Anonymous to NATO Don't challenge us. You won't like it if you challenge us. Goldman Sachs investigated for $50m bribe of 
Libyan official after loosing 98% of Libya's $1.3bn 
sovereign wealth fund. The World Is Consuming More Oil Than It Produces, And Survived 2010 By Drawing Down Reserves The man who screwed an entire country  Leaked cables reveal Israel's plan to battle UN recognition of a Palestinian state Hacker group Anonymous takes down government website in Turkey to protest censorship Heads of state, CEOs and NATO officials are gathering at the top secret Bilderberg conference this week in Switzerland.With these meetings perhaps shaping the future of the globe, All Media  is being shutout from covering the event. A U.N. resolution has justified the targeting of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and a made him legitimate target. Full List Of 2011 Bilderberg Conference Attendees High levels of radioactive cesium detected in Japan's Tea Somali interior minister Abdishakur Sheikh Hassan killed in suicide blast; the bomber was his niece Hackers warn British NHS over security Scientists in Argentina have cloned the world's first transgenic cow, using human genes that will allow the animal to produce the equivalent of mothers' milk. Bilderberg 2011 security fence, or 'a massive white fence of embarrassment'? Suppose Rockefeller, Kissinger, and the Queen of the Netherlands have the interests of the general public written in big red letters at the top of their conference agenda. Then why the fence?  BBC News  Croatia cleared for EU membership in 2013 China warns neighbors Stop oil search in Spratlys Russia has halved electricity supplies to Belarus over unpaid bills, piling on pressure for it to privatise lucrative assets. Shrek, a renegade Merino sheep that hid in caves to avoid being sheared, became a national icon in New Zealand, a country said to have more sheep than people. Gates blasts NATO, questions future of alliance AmericanSourced Weapons Account for 70% of Seized Firearms in Mexico ATF Chinese Official died during interrogation for bribery, triggering protests. Mexican drug cartels have taken cruelty up a notch, says one drug trafficker kidnapping bus passengers for gladiatorlike fights to the death Andersen Cooper exposes the onslaught by the Syrian government in the most complete manner we have seen yet  elderly getting beaten up, children tortured and brutalized, and soldiers defecting and escaping. Christchurch hit by 5.5 earthquake BBC News  Germany recognises Libya rebels as sole government Despite the Berlusconicontrolled media encouraging voters to stay home, 57% of Italians turn out to vote in national referendum 95% of those vote to maintain public, nonprofit water services, to repeal nuclear development initiatives, and to block trial immunity for ranking government officials. King Abdullah of Jordan has bowed to demands for reform, saying future cabinets will be formed according to an elected parliamentary majority.  Gay girl in Damascus is really a guy in Turkey British fear 'Americanstyle' healthcare system 6.0 and 5.5 Earthquakes hit Christchurch, New Zealand in quick succession  Third day of riots in China New setback for Berlusconi. Referendum in Italy cancels nuclear power projects and privileges for prime minister China's 'Wealth Drain' New Signs That Rich Chinese Are Set on Emigrating Chinese migrant workers have clashed with police for a third consecutive night outside the southern city of Guangzhou.  A prototype airport checkpoint has been revealed, designed to help passengers get to their boarding gate with dignity Belgium goes a year from elections without government Syria Gay Girl in Damascus blog a hoax by US man Israel plans to destroy 35 villages; angers residents who have lived in the Negev for years. The Japanese city of Hiroshima has pulled out of the bidding to host the 2020 Olympic Games. BBC News  US Navy 'stopped North Korean vessel bound for Burma' Jordan Protesters have pelted the motorcade  of the King with stones and bottles The response to Fukushima was marked by crippling mistrust Germany's Nuclear Phaseout  Irate Power Companies to Sue Berlin For Damages Two years after Iran's marred election, hardliners anything but triumphant President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who was declared the 2009 winner by a landslide, and his aides have been dismissed by conservative rivals and clerics as a deviant current in Iran's theocracy Syrian troops detain hundreds of villagers Assad has launched a retribution attack on village of Jisr alShughour after deaths of troops Libyan rebels have broken out toward Tripoli from the oppositionheld port of Misrata, cracking a government siege as fighters across the country mounted a resurgence in their revolt against Muammar Gaddafi. Chinese citizens claim Cisco Systems played a role in getting them tortured and thrown into labor camps by helping the Chinese government create the Great Firewall of China, a vast Internet censorship system that the Communist Party uses to spy upon citizens and stifle free speech Openly gay candidate tripped up by controversy in Irish elections David Norris, who would be Europe's first openly gay president, was considered the frontrunner until media associated him with pedophilia.
 Recently Canadian IP Council floated false claims about the scope of counterfeiting in Canada to try bolster claims for increased border measures. The council now try to justify the fake claims with more false numbers 65 years after Gandhi used satyagraha to lead a movement against British rule in India, Gandhism is back, this time against corrupt politicians, bureaucrats and businessmen stashing stolen wealth abroad After 10 years, no security unit is fit to take over from coalition in Afghanistan Jailed Iranian activist Hoda Saber 'dies on hunger strike' A list (w/ pictures) of giant Chinese infrastructure projects Britain may elect the House of Lords starting in 2015 Jordans king bows to popular demands for elected Cabinets, constitutional changes Today Italians vote on nuclear power and Berlusconi's immunity China to begin operating new 300 km/hr bullet train between Shanghai and Beijing Diver Bill Warren plans mission to recover Osama bin Laden's body Congolese children toil in mines to pay their school fees The International Labor Organization (ILO) says there are some 200 million child laborers worldwide. The Democratic Republic of Congo is home to many underage miners. Chris Busby, who earlier published a study showing that Fallujah has an epidemic of birth defects, is about to publish a study in the Lancet that proves that the US used enriched uranium in Fallujah, a type of uranium that is far more radioactive than plain uranium. The Fall of the House of Assad Syrian army 'cracking' amid crackdown  Testimonies from defected soldiers give a dramatic insight into the split apparently emerging in the security forces. 'Syrian army defectors tell of rape, indiscriminate murder'  
Army deserters who fled to Turkey reportedly claim Syrian soldiers raped women in front of their husbands and children, said soldiers were ordered to shoot at unarmed civilians, Hezbollah men serving as regime snipers. Syrian troops accused of firing on locals trying to flee Jisr alShughour Survivors claim government forces shot escaping residents, ambulance men and soldiers who laid down their arms Thousands flee Syria across Turkish border  Pakistan's General Problem  
Pakistani military outsourced soldiering to freelance militants. Shopped for insurgents in markets, set up factories for them in the mountains. Now reaping what it has sown. Pakistan is an international jihadi tourist resort The ash cloud from a Chilean volcano is disrupting flights in Australia Twin blasts in Peshawar of Pakistan kill 35, injure over 100 French television news station France 24 was apparently hoaxed into reporting the resignation of Lamia Shakkour, the Syrian ambassador in Paris. Paramilitary police patrolled the streets of a central Chinese city Saturday following a riot over the death of city councilman in police custody Britain's soil is as dry as a desert, study shows Neutrinos still faster than light in latest version of experiment Bill would make wearing masks during riots a crime By my calculations, at least 10 times as many girls are now trafficked into brothels annually as African slaves were transported to the New World in the peak years of the transAtlantic slave trade. Indian activist who fought mining companies brutally murdered by a mob of 2530 men President Santos of Colombia is very brave, because any political leader who advocates the legalization of narcotic drugs will become a prime target of the prohibition industry. He has chosen to do it anyway EU Parliament Massively Commits to Net Neutrality and Open Internet European parliament opposes Us's antipiracy law.
The integrety of the global internet and communication must be protected by not taking unilateral decisions regarding taking down ipadressess or domains In Egypt, tens of thousands of protesters on Friday gathered in Cairo and Alexandria for a mass rally to push the county's military rulers to hand over power to a civilian government Goldman Sachs conquers Europe  Occupy London Stock Exchange protestors say they have repossessed empty offices in east London belonging to Swiss bank UBS.
 Slaves freed after CNN documentary
 Report Russia warships to enter Syria waters in bid to stem foreign intervention Neutrino experiment repeat at Cern finds same result Israel effectively annexes Palestinian land near Jordan Valley Vietnam plans to pour $600 million into building Southeast Asia's most advanced space center Being 'Out' in Saint Petersburg Could Soon be Illegal for Gays Thousands of Kuwaitis storm Parliament, demand resignation of corrupt Prime Minister.  Russian military chief warns of nuclear war Privatisation, But No Private Property  
Who owns Russia's wealth? In the end, nobody. Law doesn't protect property rights. State seizes, extorts whatever it can. Yet the state is itself a mass of competing mafias. Economy is a permanent struggle for control Eurozone debt web Who owes what to whom? interactive Pie graph  Dozens hurt as Coptic Christians demanding justice for October massacre are attacked in Cairo, Egypt Wave Of Suicides Among Indian Farmers Tens of thousands protest in Egypt Rally called by both Islamist and secular groups aimed at pressing military rulers to hand power to civilian government. Crisis in Europe, Transformation in China  Chinese leaders know that, with Europe and the U.S. struggling, they can't rely on exports forever. China's future may hinge on whether its leaders can make the necessary changes in time. Nepal begins reintegration of Maoist fighters  Thousands of former fighters will be asked whether they want to join army or accept up to $11,500 to start new lives. 
	Missing Iraq cash 'as high as $18 billion'  Middle East  Al Jazeera English
 Ban upheld on antiabortion activists approaching pregnancy centre visitors  A German court has told antiabortion campaigners they must not speak to women near a pregnancy advice centre in Freiburg, in the conclusion of a monthslong conflict.  Japan is dangerously contaminated by radioactivity over a  far larger area than previously reported. New data shows  radioactive contamination exceeds safety standards at a distance of 90 to 125 miles from Fukushima. Vancouver riot participant, Nathan Kotylak, apologizes. (The guy that was lighting the rag in the police car.) UN Human Rights Council passed historic resolution that seeks equal rights for all regardless of sexual orientation The E. coli outbreak in Germany has been passed from human to human for the first time NATO airstrikes accidentally kill rebels again China floods  More than two million people are now reported to have been affected by deadly floods (worst since 1955) in eastern China.  (Reuters) Mexican teenage girls train as drug cartel killers 

Germany confirms human E. coli transmission Russia Large population decline (20% expected by 2050) is described by Putin as Russia's most acute problem. Causes are high death rate related to alcoholism, low birth rate, and high rate of abortions. Greeks revolt, polls show majority population opposed to austerity program Pensioner faces '500,000 bill' to challenge bank. Bank of Ireland's refusal to waive legal costs threatens to deny justice to bondholders Cost of metals used in hitech devices soars as China limits supplies   Europium oxide, used in energysaving lightbulbs, plasma TVs and smart phones, has leaped from $1,260 a kg to $3,400
 Western Governments Blamed for Asia's Shortage of Women  Accused of exporting sex selection technology Further protests in Athens, protesting at Syntagma Square Food Prices Soar Due to Floods in China
 Libyan rebels running out of money. The economy is in shambles. One Million SolarPowered Homes in Bangladesh Exposed 500,000 face big offshore tax penalties Syrian forces 'prevent refugees from fleeing' Government troops sweep through northwestern border region to stem an exodus of refugees to Turkey, activists say. South Korean marines fire at civilian jetliner after mistaking it for North Korean military Reputed drug cartel associate 'El Zucaritas' arrested Libyan documents implicating Gaddafi in war crimes found A Scotland Yard officer will appear in court tomorrow accused of killing Ian Tomlinson at the G20 protests.  The Guardian exposes the Bilderberg group in fine style British Student Faces Extradition to the US for Linking to Copyrighted Material WiNot? South Korea's Seoul To Blanket The City With Free WiFi UK Supreme Court rules that sex offenders who have had their names publicly registered, eventually will have their names removed  to protect their human rights.  You can blame the Greeks  but they've been betrayed by their leaders  
Shocking examples of kleptocracy by the political elite explain the ferocity of the reaction. And it is this which has repercussions for the rest of Europe UK Tory MP sparked anger by suggesting that disabled people should work for less than the minimum wage Corrupt Chinese Officials Have Stolen $120billion Since Mid1990s Dutch government says goodbye to multicultural society.   Minister Piet Hein Donner of Internal Affairs states that the Netherlands will start a new integration policy South Korean military shoots at civilian passenger plane, mistaking it for North Korean aircraft British student is facing extradition to the United States and up to five years in jail for running TVShack.net. Radiation in Japan Chronic Nosebleeds, Diarrhea, Lack of Energy in Children in Koriyama City, Fukushima  Vancouver rioter caught! TEPCO suspends cleanup at Fukushima plant after rapid rise in radiation levels. Japan Tea with over 1,000 Bq/kg of cesium found in Paris Poor women used as guinea pigs in India for clinical trails. Buildings and mountains appear in China out of thin air. Local residents amazed at the beautiful mirage. Jerusalem rabbis condemn dog to death by stoning 
	US drops charges against bin Laden  Americas  Al Jazeera English
 Mikhail Gorbachev The West Could Have Saved the Russian Economy Pakistani Rangers Involved in Shooting of Unarmed Citizen Face Terror, Murder Charges South Korean troops mistake Chinese passenger plane for North Korean military aircraft and open fire. Austrians aghast at Chinese copy of Alpine village UK  Vets urge ban on adverts for antibiotics to farmers Efraim Halevy, former head of Mossad, talks to The Economist about growing tensions between America and Israel, the Arab spring and stalled Middle East peace negotiations. Fukushima's Plan To Put Radiation Badges On Children Not Pleasing Parents 618 Rhinos killed already in South Africa this year. In 2007 only 13 were poached. German Election Merkel Wins Third Term, Exit Polls Suggest 50,000 Bangladeshi garment workers strike over inhuman wages They earn about $38 a month. They are demanding a raise to $103 a month. Commander of al Qaeda in Iraq has been killed in Syria. Muslim Brotherhood activities banned in Egypt Indian shot in Nairobi mall for failing to answer What is the name of Muhammad's mother? In central Mexico, it's allout war in the streets for control of an entire state that's run and terrorized by a drug cartel NPR The U.S. Has More Guns, But Russia Has More Murders $270 million worth of cocaine found on Air France flight Pussy Riot's Tolokonnikova writes about the conditions in her Mordovian prison, and why she is going on hunger strike. Swedish Police Discovered Having Illegal Database Of Romani, Including Children Suicide Bombers kill 72 in Church in Pakistan 25 Palestinian women killed in 'honor' crimes in 2013 New Zealand schools put science in the toohard basket Scientists are alarmed as a growing number of schools considering ditching science from the compulsory curriculum because it is too difficult for some pupils. The missing $3.1B no one is asking about in Canada Kenyan and Israeli forces battle to clear Islamist Al Qaeda terrorists from Nairobi, Kenya mall. Those Killed by terrorists include citizens of Britain, Australia, New Zealand, the US, Canada, France, China, India, Ghana and the Netherlands Poland seizes private pension funds to reduce government debt Global HIV infections among children cut in half since 2001 Five months after the devastating fire that killed more than 1,100 clothes factory staff in Bangladesh, an investigation by Panorama (BBC) has found evidence of employers abusing workers rights. Egypt Bans Muslim Brotherhood Group 'Snowden believes he did everything right'  lawyer Anatoly Kucherena Veiled vote Burka ban approved in Italianspeaking Switzerland India among top targets of spying by NSA What constitutes a state secret will be left to the discretion of the government and those who obtain such information can be punished under a bill being prepared by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's administration, worrying critics about infringements on the public's right to know. CyberPoachers Hack GPS Collar Data to Pinpoint Tigers  While most illegal hunters faced long days of bushwhacking through the jungle in hopes of spotting a tiger, a dangerous new breed of cybersavvy poachers are on the rise  using conservation tools to help target their ill