 After an epic four year legal battle, the Australian High Court has upheld previous rulings that ISP iiNet is not responsible for the copyright infringements of its customers. Poland Announces Complete Ban on Monsantos Genetically Modified Maize
 Plane Crashes in Pakistan With 127 On Board 'Huge' Water Resources Exist Under Africa, by Matt McGrath of BBC News (RT)  A Sri Lankan woman is currently facing decapitation by sword on a witchcraft charge in Saudi Arabia, in accordance with Wahhabism, a strict form of Sunni Islam Anonymous takes down Formula One website in suppport of Bahranini protests Critics say Vladimir Putin has amassed a secret multibillion dollar fortune contrary to his modest 'man of the people' image; may be one of the richest in the world North Korea threatens to 'blow up' Seoul Homosexuals inferior to dogs and pigs, says Iranian cleric Convinced that the United States is in decline, China's distrust is growing of the longtime superpower which it sees as bent on holding back the Asian power's rise, an influential scholar says. Australian High Court unanimously dismisses case that would force ISPs to be accountable for users illegal downloading Foreign Policy He's Not Alone The trial of Norway's alleged mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik is only the tip of the iceberg in a rising sea of radical Islamophobia in Europe. Vietnamese Seek Help with Mystery Illness  Health officials in Vietnam have international experts for help in identifying a strange illness that has killed 19 people, but so far defies explanation.  Thousands of protesters have massed in Tahrir Square in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to demonstrate against continuing military rule. Australian High court throws out Hollywood Consortium appeal in favour of Aussie ISP iiNet  groundbreaking precedent set for all Common Law nations (Aus, UK, Canada) preventing ISPs from terminating customers for copyright infringement. Neil Heywood was killed after his threat to expose Chinese leader's wife Worlds richest 40 people worth $1 trillion. North Korea has vowed to launch satellites one after another, vigorously rejecting international condemnation of an April 13 launch that was seen overseas as a disguised ballistic missile test. Anders Breivik describes Norway island massacre Australian ISP iiNet wins historic copyright case brought against it by Hollywood News Corp is Toxic Shadow State  British MPs Murdoch's News Corp facing growing legal threat in US Report Plane with 127 aboard crashes in Pakistan Germany and France's joint proposal to allow Schengenzone countries to temporarily reintroduce border controls as a means of last resort might sound harmless. But doing so would damage one of the strongest symbols of European unity and perhaps even contribute to the EU's demise. A uniform combining the name of a police force with a private company logo is being worn in Lincolnshire, England FIFA president Sepp Blatter reelected despite corruption scandal after opponent concedes. Paris to remove close to a million love locks left by romantic couples on Pont de Arts bridge 7.8 magnitude earthquake shakes buildings in Tokyo Germany Shines Light on Rape by Troops Who Beat Nazis  New research by a German academic alleges that rape by U.S., British, French and Canadian forces was more commonplace than previously believed. ISIS committed five million human right abuses in five months Two Saudi young men killed while stopping an ISIS suicide bomber from killing hundreds in Shia Mosque Fifa corruption Sepp Blatter blasts US authorities over investigation UNESCO heritage experts decide not to list Great Barrier Reef as 'in danger' Germany passes Japan to have world's lowest birth rate  study US demands immediate halt to South China Sea reclamations Beijings About to Roll Out Its Harshest Smoking Ban Ever Smoking will be banned everywhere from the Great Wall to Beijings bars starting June 1 Prince Ali after FIFA vote I want to thank in particular all of those who were brave enough to support me US sent live anthrax to Australia in military shipment ISIS Sets Its Sights on Saudi Arabia A Syrian Christian fighter has beheaded an Islamic State group (IS) militant to avenge people executed by the jihadists in northeastern Syria Bill Nye's LightSail has lost contact with Earth Israel could join ISIS in a UN list of groups and states that harm children. Majority of Irish people want to remain in EU, even if UK leaves Pakistan Gunmen storm two bus near Mastung, butcher 19 passengers Ecuador seizes huge illegal shark fin haul U.S. Bell helicopters to be assembled in Russia despite sanctions Russia bans 89 European politicians from entering the country US orders anthrax review after more live shipments discovered IRS Criminal Investigation Chief on FIFA I'm fairly confident that we will have another round of indictments. Ukraine appoints Georgia expresident Mikheil Saakashvili governor of Odessa Boy survives being trapped underwater for 42 minutes. Doctors used a technique called extracorporeal membrane oxygenation to extract oxygendeprived blood, warm it up and add oxygen, before pumping it back in. Kazakhstan city's local council accidentally puts thousands of marijuana plants along city flowerbed India heat wave kills more than 2,100 Jewish sect's ban on women drivers is 'completely unacceptable in modern Britain' says Education Secretary Nicky Morgan A team of U.S. scientists involved a project backed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has conducted (deep) exploration of the ocean floor off the coast of Puerto Rico and discovered previously unknown marine creatures. French Constitutional Court rules unconstituional to cut water from people unable to pay, making it effectively unconstitutional to block water access to anyone 6,000 aboriginal children died in 'cultural genocide' in Canadian residential school system, officials say UK banks launch Fifa investigation into whether they were used for corrupt payments Stephen Hawking money not there for students with my kind of condition A deadly virus with no known cure  Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, or MERS  has infected 13 people in South Korea since midMay. The fast spread of the disease, from the first case confirmed on May 20 to more than a dozen by Saturday, is prompting criticism of health officials Seoul Police ban upcoming Korean LGBT Pride Parade Women barred from voting in elections in parts of Pakistan ISIS militants complain of Saudi favoritism in suicide missions Saudi friends, family members favored on suicide waiting lists letting others to get killed in battle  a less noble way to die. U.N. Report Asserts Encryption As A Human Right In The Digital Age Internationallyrenowned scientist and biologist Ameenah GuribFakim becomes Mauritius' first female President India afraid Islamic State may get access to Pakistans nuclear arms The sudden deaths of tens of thousands of endangered antelopes in exSoviet Kazakhstan over the past two weeks have left scientists scrambling for answers and conservationists worried about the animal's future ISIS threatens more attacks against Shiites in Saudi Arabia; ISIS ordered its soldiers everywhere to kill the enemies of religion, especially the Shiites Child Sex Abuse Claims Shake UN as Revelations Continue Isis Kidnaps Another 500 Children to Use Them for 'Suicide Attacks' The French branch of the Red Cross could be facing a huge fine and compensation payout after falling foul of the countrys strict rules on working hours some 3,800 violations of working hours regulations, involving 480 employees at its Paris headquarters. Greeks desert banks as country battles crisis Irish Media, Fearing Lawsuits, Steers Clear of a Billionaire China rejects US criticism of sea reclamations MP is caught watching porn on his phone during parliamentary debate... and even shares it with his colleagues so they can view it over his shoulder in Brazil The British Government's chief drug adviser has sparked controversy by claiming ecstasy, LSD and cannabis are less dangerous than cigarettes and alcohol.  b'If you are a UK citizen, please consider signing this petition to abolish the proposed law that will disconnect alleged illegal filesharers without trial.' The man who used a digital camera to record the death of Robert Dziekanski at the Vancouver airport says he feels guilty he didn't try to help the Polish immigrant even though others honoured his actions Tuesday with a citizenjournalism award. b'More than 500 UK officers smashed their way into thousands of safetydeposit boxes When I got my box back, 9,000 cash and some smaller items of jewellery were missing  a gold baby's bracelet and a gold ring' b'Remembering Afghanistans Golden Age For 30 Years, Afghanistan Enjoyed Liberal Reforms, Universal Education, And Participatory Governance. What Went Wrong?' b'Mafiafree products The Italian Libera Terra label guarantees that wine, olive oil and pasta are free from Mafia influence' b'DETROIT Leader of radical Islam group killed in FBI raid' b'U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Thursday it was hard to believe that no one in Pakistan, who receives billions from the US to fight terrorism, knew where al Qaeda leaders were hiding' b'NYT Ahmed Wali Karzai, brother of the Afghan president and a suspected player in the countrys booming illegal opium trade, gets regular payments from the CIA.' The two men at the center of Scotland's largest known child abuse network have been jailed for life. b'Insider trading and suicide in Canada a buddy story' b'Canada gives Rwandan war criminal Desire Munyaneza life in prison for his role in the 1994 genocides.' b'Equivocation in talks to welcome it into the European Union may send Turkey back into the arms of the Middle East.' b'Collateral damage is big business Leading banks have funded cluster bombmakers to the tune of $5 billion in the past two years despite an international accord to ban the weapons.' b'UN torture representative barred from entering Zimbabwe' b'More than 60 members of the Iraqi security forces arrested in connection with the double suicide bombing in Baghdad ' b'The Troubles of Koreas Influential Economic Pundit' b'More than life. Many journalists are killed each year around the world only because they tell the truth ' b'Second gas leak in Timor Sea' b'Somali man, aged 112, weds girl, 17. Man already has 18 children by five wives, says he would like to have more with his new wife.' b'In the jungle with the Colombian army  A reporter embeds with the army and observes why winning the war remains difficult' Japan 'Comfort women' bill gets new life b'Kenya to launch homosexual census, controversial because homosexuality is illegal in the country.' b'Two coyotes have attacked and killed a 19yearold folk singer in a national park in eastern Canada' 'Mystery ship' returns to Malta  fast response by Russians raises questions about its true cargo b'Unidentified viral outbreak in Western Ukraine. State of Emergency Declared.' b'The universality of war propaganda A soldier with the Russian army in Afghanistan recounts what they believed about their mission ' Nigeria's space agency is no joke. It has launched satellites and aims to put Africans into space b'Mafia killing in Italy caught on camera' b'American Fascism Some of the other evidence the feds seized that shows he promotes riots? Steampunk magazine, for one. Buffy the Vampire Slayer DVDs. Anarchist politicaltheory books. A needlepoint depiction of Lenin that belonged to Madisons wifes grandmother.' b'Only a matter of time UK drugs adviser sacked for comments' b'An example to follow? Ecuador to override drug patents in order to provide affordable medications' b'Matthew Hoh Explains Why He Resigned From His Position we are involved in a 35yearold civil war...we are not the lead character in that war, that it's an internal conflict. One of the most cogent strategic evaluations of the situation from a US official I've heard (Text and video)' b'Removal of David Nutt risks discouraging experts from giving opinion' b'Artificial hymens available to the Middle East are causing an uproar in Egypt.' b'U.S. Navy ship accidentally fires on Polish port ' Remember the woman who died during a radio station's 'hold the wee' contest to win a Nintendo Wii? Well, the family won $16 million in damages. b'More people seek asylum due to sexual orientation  I had no choice. Where I'm from, heterosexual  men practice hate crimes against us like a sport,  and the police do nothing to stop it.' Swiss Banking Is Finished Switzerland's decision to start playing ball with other governments on issues like tax evasion and the arrest of Roman Polanski has destroyed the country's reputational capital, which formed the core of its banking system. b'Mafia hit caught on tape...Naples' b'Israel endorses Iran nuclear plan' b'Global jump in swine flu deaths ' b'Paraguayan landowner calls for the creation of armed groups to liquidate communists' Russia should build a new nuclearpowered spaceship for prospective manned missions to Mars and other planets, the nation's space chief said Thursday. b'Dhondup Wangchen spent five months interviewing ordinary Tibetans about their hopes and frustrations living under Chinese rule. The resulting documentary was smuggled out and shown at film festivals and on the internet. He now faces charges of state subversion.' b'A Palestinian student has been handcuffed, blindfolded and forcibly expelled to the Gaza Strip by Israeli troops just two months before she was due to graduate from university' b'Honduras' ousted president, government sign pact This signifies my return to power in the coming days said Zelaya' b'National rightwing newspaper to close in Canada Canwest says National Post could close after Friday' Honduras rivals 'close to deal'  b'While many in the Western world work towards ending prohibition the Canadians Conservative government is building more prisons to deal with the new mandatory minimum sentencing laws. Prison budget $88.5million in 200607 to $195.1million this year. Projected $211.6million in fiscal year 201011.' b'ISP head  Illegal downloading cannot be stopped. We need to be careful that politicians do not get talked into putting legislation in place that, in the end, ends up looking stupid' A Man died after a driver and technician from my local ambulance station took a detour on the way to hospital because the technician's shift had ended 'When antinarcotics agents first heard that drug cartels were building an armada of submarines to transport cocaine, they thought it was a joke. ..' UK's Labour party suffers wipeout in its worst local election results b'WikiLeaks wins Amnesty International 2009 Media Award' b'Parents of the children trapped in a burning Mexican day care center rammed their vehicles into the building to try to free the trapped children' When a 'Chosen' Tibetan Lama Says No Thanks  TIME b'The European elections results 2009 website will open on June 7 at 18.00 CET.' b'Pakistani villagers rise up against Taliban'  Wikipedia 'sentinel' quits after using alias to alter entries b'UK elects first fascist MEP. Whatever happened to harmless protest votes?' b'Tourist clings on for dear life as on train journey in Australia.  ' b'On the fourth day of settler violence How long before Israeli Civil War?' Chomsky on Obama's Cairo speech. b'The eldest son of North Korean leader Kim Jongil tells Japanese TV he believes his younger brother is leaderinwaiting.' b'The wife of Mir Hossein Mousavi, Ahmadinejads main rival in upcoming election has threatened to sue Ahmadinejad over his remarks' b'Deadly gun battle rocks Acapulco' b'Tibetans are only as oppressed as all Chinese are.' b'Eighteen people, including two soldiers, were killed Saturday in a gunbattle between the Mexican army and organizedcrime suspects in the Mexican resort town of Acapulco' UK 'must log' phone and web use, says former spy chief b'Indians Shot from Helicopters for Peru Free Trade Oil ' Journalism in Russia The most dangerous thing right now is not to criticize the authorities, It's to criticize people who can kill you. The people Kanev writes about can kill. That is his problem. b'Swing right in Europe' b'Villagers in northwest Pakistan have attacked Taliban militants killing seven of them in revenge for a bomb attack on a mosque that killed at least 40 people' b'The Barbarians at the Gate  Why has policing in Britain gone so mad? ' EU has banned the use of Xray body scanners in European airports, parting ways with the US TSA which has deployed hundreds of the scanners as a way to screen millions of airline passengers for explosives hidden under clothing China Man sets fire to himself in Tiananmen Square Young UK jobseekers told to work without pay or lose unemployment benefits. People taking up work experience places  providing up to 30 hours a week of unpaid labour  face losing benefits if they quit
 Chevron's Oil Spill Off Brazil Could Be 10 Times Bigger Than Official Estimates The internet lost its collective mind earlier this week, when a Reddit user stumbled across what appears to be a monumental military/science experiment going on in a Chinese desert The New Young Turks OverEducated, TechSavvy, and Jobless
 The BBC has dropped a climate change episode from its wildlife series Frozen Planet to help the show sell better abroad.  UK Young jobseekers told to work without pay or lose unemployment benefits
 Turkey to Syria ''No regime can survive by killing or jailing'
 Did U.S. troops bring democracy? Iraqis have doubts Syrian deserters strike military target France's nuclear watchdog said it had detected traces of radioactive iodine in the air last week after similarly low contamination was reported by the Czech Republic, Poland, Slovakia and Austria. Oil price again flirting with $100 per barrel The central bank of Canada introduced a polymerbased $100 bill. The thin, shiny, hightech, recyclable bill is reportedly almost impossible to rip and thought to be nearly counterfeitproof. Six Palestinian activists calling themselves freedom riders after the campaigners of the American civil rights movement have been arrested while attempting to enter Jerusalem on an Israeli bus carrying settlers through the occupied West Bank. GERMANY  Scandal grows over Secret Service link to NeoNazis (one agent had Mein Kampf copy and was called Little Adolf) Lessons from Iceland How to reorder a failed society To Troll A Predator guys under investigation. City of London to restart legal action to evict Occupy protesters  The Large Grids in China's Desert are spy satellite calibration targets, used to orient satellites in space; their size indicates that the cameras have poor resolution.  WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange on Tuesday applied for the chance to take his extradition appeal to Britain's Supreme Court Russians are leaving the country in droves Some chafe at life under Vladimir Putin's rule, but for many others, economic limitations are the prime motivator. Experts say the numbers have reached demographically dangerous levels. Study finds parts of Japan no longer safe for farming Chechen poet Ruslan Akhtakhanov shot dead in Moscow  A prominent poet from Chechnya, Ruslan Akhtakhanov, has been shot dead in Moscow.  Israeli Army May Need To Hit Gaza, General Says
 Australian PM says abolishing compulsory voting would make democracy the plaything of cashed up interest groups. Spanish city's locksmiths say they'll no longer assist with evictions Nicolas Sarkozy DID take $50 million of Muammar Gaddafi's cash, French judge is told Al Jazeera Acquires Current TV Icelandic Girl Fights For Right To Her Own Name. Kim Jongun's wife 'has given birth' in North Korea Indian politician attacked for alleged involvement in rape Police in India have arrested a leader of the ruling Congress party on accusations he raped a woman in a village in the early hours of the morning Controversial Israeli law banning tooskinny models went into effect with the start of 2013. Sexual violence is not a cultural phenomenon in India  it is endemic everywhere Why Japan's 'Fukushima 50' Remain Unknown  Entering exclusion zone around crippled Fukushima plant is an unnerving experience. It's also illegal.  But without a Geiger counter, it'd be easy to forget this is now one of the most contaminated places on Earth. Measles outbreak kills hundreds in Pakistan Muslim scholar vehemently condemns treatment of rape victims in Muslimmajority countries A Look Inside North Korea  Palestinian owners barred from Jordan Valley land, while Israeli farmers profit BBC News  Indonesia city to ban women 'straddling motorbikes' Argentina reignites Falklands row Canada's Indigenous movement gains momentum Murder Charges Are Expected Against 5 Men in New Delhi Gang Rape Al Jazeera to start new U.S.based News Channel Russia restricts sale of beer to reduce problematic alcoholism in the country. Icelandic girl fights for right to her own name U.S. drone strike kills key Pakistan Taliban commander  sources
| Reuters In the Middle East, the Arab spring has given way to a Christian winter |  The Guardian Rio geared towards bikefriendly future Brazilian metropolis turns to oldfashioned pedal power to ease grinding, hourslong traffic jams Delhi gang rape Victim's father says juvenile should be hanged as govt plans to amend criminal laws The BBC has found the first evidence that China is currently helping Sudan's government militarily in Darfur. b'France The Enslavement of Women Not Allowed.  Religion is not an excuse and should never have been an excuse for the abuse of women and the denial of basic human rights.' Bush gives Israel tentative 'OK' to strike Iran b'Google backed out from releasing private YouTube user data to Viacom.' b'French court denies citizenship to woman from Morocco, ruling that her practice of radical Islam is incompatible with French values' What is happening with Italy? Fingerprinting Roma (gypsies), Rome's mayor bans food, drink and singing on the streets and the story of a man who failed his driving test because he was gay b'13,000 Japanese protest against the permanent basing of a nuclearpowered U.S. warship near Tokyo, saying a recent onboard fire made it unsafe.' Canadians don't want to be the 'melting pot' that the US boasts b'Europe faces Russian nuclear missile threat' b'Austria allows cannabis for medical purposes' China 'is fuelling war in Darfur' b'Quelle Surprise! EVoting Fails in France Too!' b'England's Times President George W Bush backs Israeli plan for strike on Iran' b'Nouri alMaliki ready to oust US from Iraq green zone' Syria, Lebanon to open embassies at eachother's capitals b' Nine U.S. troops killed in Afghan fighting' b'How is protesting supposed to help fuel prices?' b'Official says Iran would destroy Israel if attacked' b'Sudanese President Wanted For Crimes Against Humanity? What About Bush?' b'UK pubs to be forced to search customers' Deadly street culture Lethal posers of Britain's Bebo generation Loose Change 2nd Edition Broadcast on Norway's Largest Commercial TV Station b'Fuel theft crime wave sweeps Scotland as petrol prices soar' b'Japan Workers Sue American Airlines Over Outsourcing' b'Massive ice shelf collapses in midwinter. ' b'Philippines capture MILF base' b'The youngest girl I ever came across was a dayold baby who was raped,' General Eisenhower's Message to the Troops just before DDay  65 Years ago America, along with our trusty allies the Brits and Canucks, led one of the greatest Invasions the World has ever seen.  June 6th is my Memorial Day. b'At least 31 people have died in clashes in Peru between the security forces and indigenous people in the Amazon region' b'Peruvian government committed massacre with the murder of at least 20 indigenous where 2,000 have been blockading the highway to protest' b'The sexual violence in Congo is the worst in the world.. the sheer numbers, the wholesale brutality, the culture of impunity  its appalling.' b'Chinas rare earth monopoly threatens global suppliers, rival producers claim' Cuban spy caught  he'd been giving up secrets for 30 years! b'Documents Offer New Revelations of Israeli Nuclear Weapons Program' b'French Nuclear Sub and MiniSub Nautile that found the Titanic sent to look for Air France 447 as no traces of the plane have been seen' The United Nations terrorist list, which includes a Canadian who the government won't let back into the country, is not 100 per cent reliable, a UN official says. b'Today marks the 42nd anniversary of the occupation of the West Bank.' b'British Cabinet Reshuffle as Another Minister Resigns accusing PM Brown of running a twotier government and treating her and other women ministers as little more than female window dressing' b'German radio is reporting that the Great AngloAmerican invasion has begun. We are denying these reports as German propaganda. Nonetheless here is what they say. (Archival Audio)' b'The shot that changed Germany' b'Pakistan  One Ahmadi trader killed while another escapes from attempted beheading by fundamentalists' b'At least 29 children have been killed in a fire that swept through a staterun daycare centre in northwestern Mexico, officials say' S.Korea says no compromise against North's threats b'Ambush kills aides to proTaliban Pakistani cleric' b'This is what defeat looks like' b'The Icesave contract to be signed tonight  Icelandic news in English' b'Brown waits on reshuffle response' b'North Korea pledges to retaliate against South Korea for joining PSI' b'Peruvian police captives killed' b'Rescuers search for dozens missing in China landslide' A sevenyearold Argentine boy has defied doctors' predictions that he would never walk, with help from a homemade rehabilitation device built by his father. Put warning labels on skinny models Norwegian minister, Giant images of airbrushed and digitally altered fashion models could soon come with warning labels if Norway's equality minister succeeds in pushing through a new action plan.  Shell oil spill in Niger Delta has wrecked the lives of 70,000, will take over 30 years to clean, and will cost over $1 billion Mexican cartel calls Anonymous bluff  murders another blogger Israel accidentally kills rabbi mistaken for Palestinian militant Mexican drug cartel tries to silence Internet, kills four chat room users Facebook facing legal action in Germany over its facialrecognition feature. Facebook has introduced this feature in Europe, without informing the user and without obtaining the required consent. Unequivocal consent of the parties is required by both European and national data protection law.  Mystery Radiation Detected 'Across Europe' UNESCO operations halted after losing US funding Iraq's Stolen Memory  All the archive of Saddam's era were taken to the US after the invasion and Iraqis want them back Egypt court bars members of ousted Pres. Mubarak's party from running in elections Those who have wasted the rights and freedoms of others, restricted democracy.. and forged the will of the people in all elections for the past 30 years ... have no right to demand the rights they denied the people 2 Malaysian States Now Punish People for the Crime of Homosexuality.   Malacca's chief minister, Mohd Ali Rustam said, So many people like to promote human rights, even up to the point they want to allow lesbian activities and homosexuality. Economists say three scenarios are most likely to threaten the euro zone a member withdrawal; national resistance to union; and a onesizefitsall monetary policy creating economic havoc. Correction that should read said. This was twelve years ago. Mexican interior minister killed in crash  CNN.com Minimum wage hike coming to Guangdong, the world's factory.   A Chinese mine where 21 workers were killed was being operated illegally A group of armed men have stoned a woman and her daughter to death in Afghanistan. Pakistan  The Ally From Hell, a must read for foreign policy/nuclear enthusiasts Israel has accelerated the installation of antimissile defenses on its airliners, as Libya leaks SAMs.  The locally made 'CMusic' system, costing $1M to $1.5M  per plane, uses a laser to blind heatseeking missiles.  Target date of 2013 for fitting most of the El Al fleet. To Save Our Economy, Ditch Taiwan  NYTimes.com European Union bans its own film on Afghan women in jail for moral crimes 4 Reasons Why Italy's Economy Is Such a Disaster BBC News  S&P accidentally announces downgrade of French debt Ireland's former richest man declared bankrupt CCTV shows buildings collapsing in second Turkey earthquake That's one small step for a parliament, one giant leap towards dictatorship. b'Russia to station nuclear bombers in Cuba?' b'Protester glues himself to British PM' b'Hugo Chavez, the Venezuelan president, has called for a strategic relationship with Russia to counter aggression from the United States.' b'Racist cop uses UK Terrorism Act to detain mixedrace family and take away their disabled child' b'Zimbabweans Battle Money Shortages as Collectors Buy 100,000,000,000 Notes on eBay' b'WTF Gas In Venezuela Is $0.12 per Gallon?! 97% Less Than USA  Worlds Highest And Lowest Gas Prices' In solitary confinement in China, prisoner tells relatives he's so desperate for sunlight and human contact he'll go anywhere, including a forced labor camp b'Angry at Bush, Russia considers closer Venezuela, Cuba ties' b'Cambodia standoff with Thailand continues, an imminent state of war, says Cambodia' b'Samsung to Invest $1.63 Billion in Indonesian Biodiesel Project . Current rate of deforestation before the project 380 US football fields an hour.' b'Pakistans intelligence agencies and police have disappeared hundreds of Pakistanis, including children as young as 9.  ' b'British study links IMF loans to tuberculosis. IMF demands responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths. ' b'Magnitude 6.8 quake hits Japan' b'UK Official surveillance requests for details of telephone and internet records have surged to 1,400 a day' b'Karadzic Backers Riot in Belgrade' b'UK Water bills set to soar under compulsory meters. Average bills will rise up to 300 per cent.' b'French President Nicolas Sarkozy wins constitution battle by single vote ' b'Secret life of fugitive Radovan Karadzic ' b'Chavez Visit to Russia Intended to Send Message to US ' b'Myanmar How many of us have to die for your diplomatic game?' b'British Troops To Pull Out Of Iraq Next Year' Sixteen year old girl told that she doesn't exist by UK [WTF] [BBC] b'Navy Prosecutor In Gitmo Case says flight 93 shot down' b'USA arms wartorn Africa under the guise of humanitarian aid' b'Muslims refuse to bury militants' The figure on the left is a human woman, still alive.  Kristof is right; womens' rights should be a central focus of international social justice and development efforts. b'The Brit that rescued 150 Mumbai hostages' b'How free is the French press? Last Friday the former publisher of Libration was arrested before dawn, told that he was worse than scum and subjected to an unnecessary body cavity search.' b'Mumbai Hostages Were Tortured' b'Israeli Navy turns away a Libyan ship carrying 3,000 tons of humanitarian aide to Gaza.' b'Mumbai cop, left for dead, rides with gunmen' b'Protesters in Iceland storm the Central bank. Video in Icelandic.' b'No place for dead terrorists in sacred Mother India Muslim group' b'The Indian government raised the country's security to a war level yesterday saying it had certain proof of a Pakistani link to the Mumbai attacks.' b'Venice under five feet of water as the city suffers its worst floods in 22 years' b'Pakistans president, made an urgent appeal to India not to punish his country for the terror unleashed on Mumbai last week, warning that militants had the power to precipitate a war in the region.' b'If the word terrorist doesn't show up, Reddit won't care. Ask yourself why this hasn't hit front page yet  it's worse than Mumbai.' b'Missing Egyptian Blogger Mohamed Adel has disappeared and it is feared that he is being tortured in state security hadquarters' b'Kafka has a rival. Today, the Foreign Office lectures us on human rights.' b'Chavez renews reelection ambition' b'Iran claims arrest of Israeli Mossad spies' b'AlQaeda's Mumbai boon They are saying that if Pakistan has to choose between fighting India and fighting the militants, then it will fight India.' How China's taking over Africa, and why the West should be very worried  b'India moves to war level as concern gows at border buildup' b'Israel at it again, blocks another aid ship from reaching Gaza' b'Muslim cemetery denies burial to Mumbai killers' b'Pirates attack cruise ship off Somali coast  ' b'India demands Pakistan act decisively on Mumbai attack' b'Swiss drug vote any narcotic for the medecine/research  YES, prescription heroin  YES, marijuana for everyone  NO. Go fugure...' b'June 4th, 1989' b'Undercover With BNP Campaigners' b'How did this slip by?  US Army Confirms Israeli Nukes' b'Scores of Israelis rallied in front of the American Consulate in Jerusalem, labeled Barack Obama the most antiSemitic American president.' b'Air France Flight A447 The Last 4 Minutes. The last message received was an advisory regarding cabin vertical speed.' Cuba's 47year suspension from the Organization of American States lifted without conditions b'Yemeni Prisoner Dies At Guantanamo of Apparent Suicide' b'Hummer, now owned by the Chinese ' b'Australia staves off recession' b'How the BNP has not changed . North West European candidate Nick Griffin speaking beside David Duke , KKK leader' b'Was the crash of  Air France 447 caused by a programming error?' b'Chinas government censors have begun to block access to the Internet services Twitter, Flickr, Hotmail and Live.com, broadening an already extraordinary effort to shield its citizens from any hint of Thursdays 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square prodemocracy movement.' Canadian Mint Can't Account for Missing Gold b'Problems much greater than anyone could have imagined |  The financial crisis in Iceland' b'North Korea will test the ICBM and midrange missiles in a few weeks.' b'Air France crash plane may have broken up in midair and likely exploded at high altitude' b'Both China and the West have distorted the truth about the Tiananmen Square protests and the massacre that followed' b'Uk Redditors  before you vote tomorrow, learn about the real BNP' The BNP in Manchester came with loudhailers  playing 'Rule Britannia'  to picket .... a cathedral  service. b'A 250mlong crop circle of a jellyfish has appeared on farmland causing up to 600,000 worth of damage.' New Zealand named world's most peaceful country b'U.S. Report Finds Airstrike Errors in Afghan Deaths. The Afghan government concluded that about 140 civilians had been killed in the attacks. ' The World Bank decides to invest $121 million in helping Haiti develop; Bill Clinton named special envoy to the Western Hemisphere's poorest country. b'Hazel Blears resigns from cabinet' b'Footage of Taliban bombing of security offices in Lahore' Mother Jailed For Murdering SevenYearOld Son, for failing to learn Koran The IMF Has Admitted Their Economists Were Wrong US drone strike kills 17 in Pakistan South Africa Women Drinking To Harm Babies Tweeter gets 2year jail term for criticizing Amir of Kuwait China blazes trail for 'clean' nuclear power from thorium Indian Politician Women should be just housewives Protesters in China call for press freedoms German Chancellor Angela Merkel deployments overseas 'will soon encompass the entire globe.' China's 'freedom of speech' standoff  Al Jazeera French film star Gerard Depardieu received a hug from President Vladimir Putin and a new Russian passport on Sunday after abandoning his homeland to avoid a new tax rate for millionaires.
| Reuters China's Growing Appetite for New Kinds of Luxury Goods Illegal Drugs BBC News The rapes that India forgot (yes, more distressing stories of justice not served, including rapes by the police, and rapists not charged with crimes) Chinese city fails to report huge toxic leak, cuts off water to 1 million  Handan, located in Hebei province, has seen its primary water supply cut off since Saturday afternoon. The Tax Man Takes Aim at World's Wealthy  Multinational corporations defend themselves by pointing out they're only taking advantage of international laws.  Italy's central bank Wed. suspended credit & debit card payments & cash withdrawals  in Vatican City. Australia's Mining Boom Creates Demand For Sex Workers  Israeli firm to design San Diego desalination plant  the largest of its kind in western hemisphere
 Thousands Stranded as Crews Battle Bushfires Tearing Across Tasmania  Some 100 people missing in out of control blazes.  Fires broke out in extreme heat Friday & thousands of residents & tourists remain stranded & without power. Syria President Bashar Assad makes clear he won't step down   In Asia, Ill Will Runs Deep The resentments between China and Japan predate World War II by centuries Chinese mayor apologizes for taking 5 days to report chemical leak that contaminated water Violent demonstrations injure dozens of police in Northern Ireland Morsi Expands Brotherhood Influence in Egyptian Cabinet The Greek island of old age British Army accused of 'wrongly punishing' 1,400 soldiers b'Surprise surprise!  The United States late Saturday blocked approval of a U.N. Security Council statement calling for an immediate ceasefire in the Gaza Strip ...' b'Maps of what used to be Palistine ' Amway's thinks that the heat's off and they can revitalize their brand. As a sibling of someone who was victimized by this company, I say over my dead body. b'Raul Castro lifts ban on Cubans building their own homes' b'Excellent Haaretz (Israeli) oped slams Israeli government for its inhumanity' b'PROBLEM Oil prices too low for oil producing countries to make a profit. SOLUTION OPEC reduces production, FAILED. SOLUTION Mideast violence to cause stability concerns in oil producing countries.' b'Rights groups calls for Saudi Arabia to create a written system of criminal law instead of arbitrarily prosecuting people' b'I keep hearing When Israel is being targeted, Israel is going to retaliate and fair enough. But I never hear When Gaza is being targeted, Gaza is going to retaliate.' b'The brave and valiant Israeli military kills another dangerous terrorist' b'Gaza The death and life of my father' b'A senior Israeli military official...said it is highly unlikely Israel will succeed in stopping the rocket fire entirely.' b'If the army knows there are civilians in the area it is about to bomb then no matter what it is a breach of international humanitarian law to bomb that area' b'War Crime du Jour Israel Deploys White Phosphorus Shells' b'..the house had been hit three times, one right after the other. Some of my family was hurt in the first strike and while others tried to help them, the house was hit again and others were injured.' b'Haniyeh Hamas willing to accept Palestinian state with 1967 borders  Haaretz  Israel News' b'Orwell, blinding tribalism, selective Terrorism, and Israel/Gaza  Glenn Greenwald' b'Video Civilian casualties escalate in Gaza' b'A History of Ethnic Cleansing' 1 in 10 young people feel life's not worth living. b'Indias 3G auction looks scuttled as government eyes a doubling of reserve price' b'Iran claims 70,000 have volunteered to be suicide bombers against Israel' b'leaked Gaza bombings apparently showing the recent bombing of a Gaza market was 4 YEARS OLD! and not perpetrated by Israel. ' b'Suicide bomber strikes in Pakistan killing 7 and wounding 25.' In addition to an overwhelming influx of the wounded, Gaza's hospitals are facing a new problem They are rapidly running out of fuel for the generators they depend on for power. Waterford Wedgwood PLC, the maker of classic china and crystal since 1759 has collapsed. While much of production was offshore the crystal plant was one of Ireland's top tourist attractions. b'Palestine Girl stands up to Israel Soldier ' b'Israeli Strike Kills 40 at U.N. run School in Gaza ' b'Norwegian doctor in Gaza This is an allout war against Civilians' b'Between 600,000 and 700,000 Gazans have no water, some of them going on a week. About one million have no electricity, raw sewage is running in the streets in some places.' b'Ron Paul No one mentions the tragedy in Gaza.  I view it (Gaza) as a concentration camp.' b'UK police have been given the power to hack into PCs without a court warrant' Strike on Gaza school 'kills 40' GAZA PIC's. WARNING VERY GRAPHIC!!!!!!!!! b'We are wading in death, blood, and amputees. Many children. A pregnant woman. I have never experienced anything so terrible.  Mads Gilbert, Norwegian doctor in Gaza' b'Several European countries say they have suffered major disruption to their Russian gas supplies after Moscow cut deliveries to Ukraine' b'Israel using new deadly weapons in Gaza Dense Inert Metal Explosives. Appeal of Mads Gilbert, Norwegian doctor in Gaza to Israeli doctors' b'Venezuela expels Israeli ambassador' b'Mads Gilbert, a Norwegian doctor in Gaza, tells CBS News that the number of civilians injured and killed in Gaza proves that Israel is deliberately attacking the population [Vid]' b'Israeli forces hit UN school... on purpose.' b'Where does U.S. oil come from? (cool interactive map)' b'Whenever I read a story like this I think of my little boys and become enraged with the state of affairs in Gaza' 'As I ran I saw three of my children. All dead' b'IDF routinely attacks medical crews trying to evacuate civilian casualties' b'U.N. Official Says Gaza School Hit by Israelis was Clearly Marked' b'Working on this issue for six Secretaries of State, I cant recall one meeting where we had a discussion with an Israeli PM about the damage that settlement activity does to the peacemaking process.' b'The Raw Story | Norwegian doctor Israel intentionally targeting civilians' Madoff apparently still hasn't got the message that its not 'his' money Norway's sovereign wealth fund to stop investing in Israel? b'The brutal collective punishment inflicted on Gaza will likely strengthen Hamas and reverse any hopes of a Middle East peace in the coming years. ' b'Reporter reports on father killed by an Israeli air strike in Gaza' b'Anyone know if this is true?' British Gov't wants private firms to build $12b super database for tracking every citizen's Internet usage, phone call,  text message, and other transactions b'Israeli Tank fire kills dozens at UN School. Tank fire. School.' b'Bush Aides Historians will judge Bush. Redditors and the rest of the world The Hague War Crimes Tribunal will judge Bush' Russia has cut off all Europe's gas supplies, says Ukraine b'Israel, not the Palestinians, has opposed international UN monitors in the conflict since Oslo' b'Venezuela expels Israel envoy over Gaza attacks' b'This is what happens on the streets of Israel if your not a jew. They obviously love Americans.' b'Israeli soldiers entered their building and told them to evacuate to another building. They evacuted and moved to another place for shelter.  Israel bombs their shelter.' b'Almost a third of the 689 Palestinians killed in Israel's Gaza offensive are children ... Meanwhile, Israel's Foreign Minister Livni says that there is no humanitarian crisis in Gaza' b'UN No Hamas Fighters in Bombed Gaza School' b'Red Crescent ambulanceman killed and two others wounded as ambulances come under Israeli fire in Gaza  International Red Cross ' b'Jewish Women Occupy Israeli Consulate in Toronto' b'Digg vs. Reddit prespective on Israel Gaza conflict' Obama's comments on Gaza not being reported in the US media? b'We cannot promote a fuel anymore which is used as a weapon by some countries and certain corporations against consumers.' b'Gazprom Halts Gas Supply to Europe Via Ukraine Pipes' b'As temperatures fall to below freezing, Russia cuts off gas supply to Europe' b'Middle East observers felt a sense of dja vu as Israeli tank shells slammed into a United Nations school near Gaza City' b'Financial Fraud in Satyam Computers Brings its Shares as low as Rupees 30.70/share' b'While we merrily sip their water, a third of Fijians have no clean water at all' b'At least someone has balls. I hope it is the start.' b'Temperatures in Germany fell as low as minus 25 degrees Celsius on Monday night and the weather is expected to remain Arctic for several days.' b'Time to stfu and listen Infowars predicted financial meltdown long before you could scream tinfoil hat' b'Sarkozy says Israel and the Palestinian Authority have accepted a truce plan for Gaza announced by Egypt on Tuesday.' b'You are being lied to about pirates' b'Rockets hit Israel from Lebanon' b'I arrived in Israel 40 years ago. It took me many years to understand that the very existence of my country, as it is today, is based on an ongoing ethnic cleansing of Palestinians.' b'Red Cross finds four small children in Gaza, huddling next to their dead mothers, too weak to stand up ... Israel has failed to meet its obligation under international humanitarian law' b'UN Israel kills driver on aid mission to Gaza' b'Israel kills driver of UN truck on aid mission to Gaza' b'These photos, taken in Gaza in 2006, show the impact of the DIME bombs the Israelis are allegedly using there (warning extremely graphic)' The Bush Administration's Most Despicable Act TED Hans Rosling Debunking thirdworld myths with the best stats you've ever seen b'Gaza is fullblown humanitarian crisis' b'The Red Cross has accused Israel of failing to fulfil its obligation to help wounded civilians in Gaza' Canada extradites another American war resister. This one's a mother of three who has a sixweek old child. Stay classy Canada! b'Sri Lankan newspaper editor meticulously collected the facts, which was why so many politicians feared him. He was shot dead today by unidentified gunmen.' b'UN Israel knew they were bombing a school [vid]' b'Extremists on each side sustain the other, and the excessive Israeli ground assault in Gaza is likely to create more terrorists in the long run' b'U.N. suspends all relief work in Gaza; says Israeli soldiers fired on a marked U.N. vehicle DURING the ceasefire.' Red Cross finds starving children with 12 corpses in Gaza 'house of horrors'  b'Kucinich stands against the use of US arms against innocents in Gaza' b'The IDF has been dropping leaflets in Gaza with a phone number to call to report on terrorists. Here's one of the calls (with translation).' b'South Korea tested whores so they were diseasefree for U.S. soldiers' b'Bush Eighteen months ago, Hamas took over the Gaza Strip in a coup And people suggest there isn't a ridiculous Israeli bias amongst US polticians?' b'While the world watches Gaza, Israelis are shooting protestors in the West Bank' b'China Losing Taste for Debt From U.S. ' b'Rockets fired from Lebanon into Israel and Israel fires back' b'More than a thousand Afghans signed up to go and fight Israel in the Gaza, many of them blaming the US which has some 30,000 troops in Afghanistan, for supporting the Jewish state.' b'Israel kills Hamas leader and his wife, children and anyone else  in the neighbourhood by dropping a onetonne bomb on his house' b'Kept afloat by billions of dollars of American money, the government of Afghanistan is shot through with corruption and graft.' b'Obama Moves to Counter China in Space With PentagonNASA Link ' b'Media Banned From Gaza as Humanitarian Crisis Escalates' b'The Gaza Strip, where  some have to eat grass just to stay alive, is sandwiched between an apartheid state and a  brutal dictatorship, both funded and sustained by the  United States taxpayer' Arab governments question Hamas' actions b'Israel is now bombing the refugees it created in 1948, having never paid reparations' Trusting shopkeeper leaves his store open unattended on Boxing Day  nothing gets stolen, customers place money in 'honesty box' b'Home intruder interrupted by Thor' b'Israel, a nation that was born out of Zionist terrorism, is using terrorism again. ' b'Israel believes its has won broad international support in the media for its actions in Gaza thanks to its PR strategy to stifle pictures of victims and to dominate the press. ' Car found in dead uncle's garage expected to fetch millions b'Australia says considering Guantanamo prison intake ' b'All boys and men in Uganda will be mobilised for free circumcision beginning next year' b'For Afghans, a Price for Everything, and Anything for a Price. Tale of Overwhelming Corruption' b'Cuba marks 50 years of revolution' 100 cars set on fire, sportshall burned down, police attacked with bottles and fireworks. Headline FAIL New Year festivities 'largely peaceful' b'World protests over Gaza raids [video]  (Go Annie Lennox!) ' b'Russia cuts off gas deliveries to Ukraine' b'IAF steps up Gaza Strip air strikes | Israel | Jerusalem Post' b'Michael Shaw Reading The Pictures &lt;em&gt; Is That A Snuff Film The Israeli Air Force Has Posted On YouTube?&lt;/em&gt;' b'India, US and Pakistan  Tale of a choatic democracy, a super power and a rogue nation' Gaza facing 'critical emergency'  b'Israel destroys Hamas homes, flattens Gaza mosque' b'China Undercutting Price Of Military Hardware To Capture Markets In Africa From Russia / Chinas Tanks Aircraft Challenge Russian Sales In Africa' b'Australia refuses Bush administration request to house Guantanamo detainees' b'Propaganda war trusting what we see?' CNN US weapons 'killing innocent civilians' in Gaza b'Let us not forget that it was Israel, which in fact created Hamas Historian at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem' Northern Ireland man discovers 'secret of invisibility' b'Lynndie England Life after Abu Ghraib' b'Zimbabwean lawyer Law has broken down  CNN.com' b'Nobel Peace Prize laureate Shirin Ebadi of Iran is threatened at her home ' b'Beijing moves to stifle reform calls, called the most significant of its kind for at least a decade and possibly since the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. ' b'Israels Goal  Ending Hamas Rule, Rocket Fire, or Both ' Memo to Israel Dropping Leaflets and Sending Text Messages Won't Abosolve You of War Crimes b'Gang rapes lesbian' b'The Cost of Governing Afghanistan' b'Israel expels UN rights envoy Richard Falk  Dec 17 08' b'Who Gets U.S. Foreign Aid' b'Hamas PM Ismail Haniyeh at war with Israel  and his own rivals' b'Police have dispersed crowds of demonstrators who gathered near the Israeli embassy in London, following a day of protests across the UK.' b'Sri Lanka bombs Tigers in north after fall of HQ' b'Israel bombs market in Gaza (warning graphic)' 'We Believe This was a Legitimate Target'  IDF Kills 8 Civilians, 4 Under the Age of 18 b'Queen goes green as her 10million Bentleys are converted to run on biofuel' b'Living in fear in Gaza City!' b'Israeli Troops Launch Attack on Gaza' b'Shut down alJazeera  The situation on the ground is directly affected by the nature of alJazeera reports. [Ynet Opinion Piece]' b'Why is Israel so brutal in a nutshell  from The Independent' b'Just A Reminder Early in 2008, Vanity Fair Uncovered The Plot Paid For By The US State Department For Fatah To Create A Civil War In Gaza With Hamas' Hamas executes 35 Fatah members in Gaza, shoots 75 in legs, breaks others' hands b'Israel and the ignored UN Resolutions  Israel is in violation of 35 UN Resolutions.  Here is a list.' Iran Threatens to Break Israel's Gaza Blockade!! b'Depleted uranium found in Gaza victims Norwegian Medics' b'UN Stop Israeli 'monstrosity' in Gaza  The United States has so far vetoed over 40 antiIsrael resolutions at the UN.' b'Israel Attacks America  (1967)' b'Israeli forces bisect Gaza, surround biggest city  Yahoo! News' b' Cuba offers direct talks with US ' b'The French government insists a new generation of leftist extremists will soon launch a wave of sabotage and bombings. (And if the left wont do it, covert ops will.)' b'US blocks UN statement calling for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and southern Israel' 'She's Home From Jail, But Lynddie England Can't Escape Abu Ghraib' b'U.S. blocks a UN Security Council resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire in the Gaza strip' b'Gaza footage that was blocked in the US' b'New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg is heading to Israel to show support for massacre of Palestinians' Passport photograph of girl's bare shoulders rejected 'as it may offend' b'Hamas ready for bitter urban battle ' b'China rattled by Sun King attack' b'More home PCs expected to be hacked into by the police' b'Indonesia rocked by 7.6 magnitude quake' b'Hamas Profile, I wish people read it before saying they support it' b'Whatever happened to avian flu?' b'Future historians will note that American society peaked in the late 1960s' b'What a joke After 400+ deaths, 2000+ wounded, Gaza in ruins, US tells Israel to be mindful of the potential consequences to civilians!' b'Israel Newspaper Haaretz Calls for Diplomacy and Humanitarian CeaseFire' b'Greece Union activist loses her eye in acid attack. Her supporters blockade company. Riot police forced to run leaving shields, helmets and even shoes behind.' b'Israel has been in violation of international law since 1967, protected by the United States veto of UN Resolutions condemning Israel for its violent, inhumane, barbaric, and illegal acts.' b'Zbigniew Brzezinski to Joe Scarborough on Gaza You know, you have such a stunningly superficial knowledge of what went on that it's almost embarrassing to listen to you.' b'Iceland after the fall' b'Russia is to shut off gas supplies to Ukraine, raising fears of European energy shortages' b'Video about living conditions in Gaza (from 2007)' b'Here is a simple, stone cold fact. You cannot read or hear the truth about what is happening in Gaza from any corporate media in the United States.' b'MP wins support to ban topless sunbathing on Aussie beaches' The IL Gov scandal is wrong, but almost EVERY election/bill/decision victory is directly correlated to the amount of money spent.  So, what ISN'T for sale? While everyone was focusing on Israel and Hamas, a terrorist organization elsewhere killed 189. Is a Palestinian's life more noteworthy than these people's? b'Christmas Massacres  Ugandan rebels kill 400 in DR Congo' b'Sex offenders must hand over online passwords' Some Myths about Israel's Attacks on Gaza b'Does anybody really think Israel would be a peaceful nation even if the Palestinians gave all of their land to Israel?' b'This Sun Times story was censored for political reasons. No shit. Go ahead. Try to find the original. ' b'The original, legal owners of the Israeli land on which Hamas rockets are detonating live in Gaza.' b'The Emperor IS Naked  The story behind the Gaza initiative' Iran shuts down leading reformist newspaper for criticizing Hamas' attacks and human shield use b'Volunteer suicide bombers seek to attack Israel' b'Over 70,000 deaths, and over 1 million disabilities among American soldiers attributed to Iraq Wars' b'Brigitte Bardot's Hate Crime Against Islam  Freedom of speach abolished in France (and in most of Europe)' b'Israel calls Gazans to warn them to flee for their safety' b'Israel If this is how the Children of God act, what are the Children of the Devil,' b'ABC News All (Illegal Immigrants) Aboard ICE Air' Polygamy in the UK  Woman didn't know new husband was already married. b'Former Army Employee Pleads Guilty to Acting as Israeli Spy' b'Graphic pictures of what the Israeli war machine does to Palestinians.' Icelandic TV program featuring PM forced off the air when a torchwielding crowd stormed Reykjavik's Hotel Borg in an attempt to get to the studio. A torchwielding crowd. Sweet. Gazprom cuts off Ukraine's gas supply. b'IDF Claims to have Hit Hamas Truck, Human Rights Group Finds 8 Civilians Dead and No Hamas' Daniel Barenboim If Hamas is destroyed, a more radical group will replace it. Israel's security depends on wiser action b'Israel and Gaza  Pictures' b'Greece The left is full of puppet organizations that defer and defend the right and the existing order. The Greek people have no alternative but starting from scratch. ' b'The land is fertile, the rain is falling, but the agricultural system has been destroyed by Robert Mugabe' b'UK telecom firm severs ties with Israeli company due to Gaza attacks' Gaza's tunnel economy collapses in bombing raids b'Rotten state of Egypt too powerless and corrupt to act' b'No wonder it burnt to the ground  Cellphone footage shows hundreds of sparklers inside Bangkok club minutes before Deadly fire' b'In Pictures Massacre of Gazan Children ' b'New Norway law bans buying of sex ' b'Israel stifles free press covering Gaza' b'Extreme seismic conditions return to yellowstone  Could be a big big bang for the new year!' b'Israel kills top Hamas figure, escalating campaign' b'*warning may contain shocking images* Full Footage of the fire at Bangkok Nightclub Santika' b'Israelis, Hamas continue bombing reddit. Ceasefire demanded.' b'Nothing like a fresh Israeli offensive to bring out the Jew in me' b'Russia prepares to halt gas supplies to Ukraine' b'Vanity Fair An Oral History of the Bush White House  an amazing collection of interviews' b'Israel Rejects CeaseFire, but Offers Gaza Aid' b'The Arab Conscience A 40 minute song performed by many major Arab pop singers. The Woodstock of this generation in the Arab world, according to Juan Cole.' b'Vatican Gaza is a giant concentration camp' b'Israel shelled Gaza house crowded with civilians witnesses' b'Red Cross Israel breaking international law, letting children starve in Gaza' b'Israeli army ordered 70 persons of extended family to gather in one building. The next morning the same army bombed the building, Killing and injuring dozens.' b'Israel Faces Mounting Outcry on Gaza War  NYTimes.com' b'Israel bombs a shelter, kills 30 civilians' b'Israel accused of delaying medical access to injured' b'Israel to continue offensive despite UN resolution ' The Army's Newest Recruitment Technique is aimed directly at gamers.  Atheist Bus Campaign is 'offensive', say 50 complainants b'The IDF is investigating just another way Israel says 'fuck you' to humanity' b'Few speak up for Palestinians in U.S. Congress' Early Globes 'winner' was a mistake  b'Israel keeps tight leash on media' b'Relief workers found starving children next to corpses in a neighbourhood of Gaza City which Israel had denied them access to for days' b'And why the problem in the Middle East will never get solved US congress votes to back Israel 390 to 5' b'Gaza Palestinian journalist, his wife and motherinlaw killed by Israeli artillery' b'Israel shelled Gaza Palestinians after evacuating them, UN says' b'Israel deliberately shells a UN convoy carrying aid into Gaza after giving them permission to go through...Israel, the ultimate terrorist nation' b'Emergency workers said they rescued 100 more trapped survivors Thursday and found 40  50 corpses in a devastated residential block south of Gaza that the IDF had kept offlimits to the RC for 4 days' b'Israeli attacks are rallying Palestinians to Hamas' b'The penalty for underfeeding thousands for years to make a $200K profit? One day in jail and a pledge to do better.   ' b'Large portion of Washington State underwater, buried by avalanches, or washed away by mudslides.   Thousands told to evacuate.' b'I Am Opposed to Violence by Jewish Fundamentalists OR by Islamic Fundamentalists OR by Christian Fundamentalists OR Hindu Fundamentalists' b'Hamas has failed  it is time they stepped down  The National Newspaper (Abu Dhabi)' Enough. It's time for a boycott b'Norway Leads 40 000 people gathered in Oslo for Gaza Thursday, 8th January 2009. Thursday ALL trains in the whole of Norway, and all trams and subways in Oslo, will stand still for two minutes.' b'Eco Activist Buys Drilling Rights for 22,000 Acres  Refuses to Drill' Israel Is Committing War Crimes  Hamas's violations are no justification for Israel's actions. (from WSJ) b'Despite Israeli denial, newly found photographic evidence proves that Israel has used controversial white phosphorus shells on Gazans. ' b'U.S. seeks ship to move arms to Israel' b'Thousands of demonstrators in Barcelona, Spain call for an immediate ceasefire in the conflict in Gaza' Israeli Spokesman is Silenced by Alex Thompson of UK's Channel 4 regarding the IDF and the Red Cross b'New Orleans cops shoot man 12 times  in the back' b'LET GAZA LIVE!  D. C. Protest Saturday, January 10  Assemble at the White House (north side) at 100 PM' b'U.S. says arms shipment to Israel not linked to Gaza. US also says that Elvis is still alive.' b'Israel Is Committing War Crimes ' 'I Would Join a Terror Organization' Current Israeli Defense Minister explained in 1998 what he would have done if born Palestinian. b'Former [Israeli] pilot Israel committing war crimes in Gaza' b'Real Journalism  The way questions should be asked  Dennis Kucinich vs. Eliot Engel' b'Hugo Chavez Expells Israeli Ambassador to Venezuela' Iraq Veterans Against the War  Why we're against the war b'Jimmy Carter  An Unnecessary War (in reference to the Gaza crisis)' b'Nowhere to run More than 260 children killed in Gaza' b'Five of the Somali pirates who released a hijacked oilladen Saudi supertanker drowned with their share of a reported $3 million ransom after their small boat capsized' b'Many may think that the current economic fiascoes are the results of bungling politicians and bureaucrats. FDR once said, In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet... ' b'India shows the way! sends CEO, COO and CFO of Satyam who scammed a billion dollars to the slammer!' b'US In Massive Rare Arms Supply to Israel Days Before Obama Inauguration' b'There have been no rockets fired from the West Bank for several years. The result? A record number of new settlments built.' b'Pandas are actually bears, not cats. Chinese Panda Attacks Third Idiot' Tech companies face criminal charges if they notify users of UK government spying Mexican marijuana farmers see profits tumble as U.S. loosens laws. A wouldbe suicide bomber and his wife have been found guilty of planning an attack in London to coincide with the 10th anniversary of the 7/7 atrocity. The rich will get richer while two million more children slide into poverty, 2030 economic forecast suggests The North Pole will have above freezing temperatures this Wednesday. South Australia  New sexting laws to spare children from facing child pornography charges. ISIS militants burn 20 media activists to death in Mosul Italy fines Apple over misleading tax conduct Body of notorious Mexican drug cartel founder dumped on highway with bullet holes Morocco to deploy 100,000 armed officers to protect the country on New Year's Eve after ISIS threats 8 survivors found 5 days after Chinese mine collapsed German states to spend around 17 billion euros on refugees in 2016 'Ramadi Is Liberated' Key Victory Over IS The capture of Ramadi is the first major triumph for the Iraqi Army since it fled in the face of an assault by IS 18 months ago. Cuba Vows to Keep Socialism 'Intact' Despite US Investment Assassination of third Syrian journalist raises fears of Islamic State activity in Turkey  ABC News Norway to turn back asylum seekers on Swedish border Islamic State Suffers Double Blow As Ramadi Falls, Leaders Killed Journalist reveals Erdoan imprisoned him for exposing Turkey's hand in the 'Syrian conflict' Russian Moon base plan falls victim to budget cuts Belgium, Netherlands to exchange territory  without a fight almost two centuries after the 1843 border posts were set. And all with a smile on everyones face, even though Belgium will get only a tiny part around a lock that has been built to promote traffic between the two nations. North Korea says top official Kim Yanggon killed in car crash Putin's SoninLaw Boosted by $1.75 Bln Russian State Loan An orgasm a day could cut prostate cancer risk Germans claim Belgian nuclear reactors are falling to bits UK Sperm Bank Doesn't Accept Donors with Dyslexia and Asperger's Microsoft Corp said on Wednesday it will begin warning users of its Outlook.com email service when the company suspects that a government has been trying to hack into their accounts. Greek Orthodox Church Homosexuals are God's creation  the church doesn't reject people. Vladmir Putin officially dissolves Roscosmos, the Russian Space Agency and will restructure it as a staterun corporation starting January 1, 2016. Donald Trump could be refused entry to the UK after the Home Secretary Theresa May said she will ban people that are nonconducive to the public good. The petition to ban him has over half million signatures. Saudi Arabia says its ready to meet any additional oil demand. We will satisfy the demand of our customers. We no longer limit production. If there is demand, we will respond. We have the capacity to respond to demand, Saudi oil minister said. New Year fireworks and festivities have been cancelled in the Belgian capital, Brussels, because of terror alert. New species of human may have shared our caves  & beds Controversial bone discoveries suggest we even interbred with & cannibalised these mystery hominins. This could overturn what it means to be human. If true, this would make the finds of truly global importance. Egypt becomes second nation to shut down Facebook's free internet service Polish government takes control of public media with new law. All current managers and supervisory board members fired with immediate effect. From Jan 1, UK to stop financial aid to India  Times of India The rise of antibiotic resistance is a global health crisis, and governments now recognize it as one of the greatest challenges for public health today. US sued over donations for illegal Israeli settlements  Lawsuit targets US Treasury Department for allowing billions in taxexempt donations to support Israel's landgrabs Giant squid that swam into Japanese bay guided back out to sea by diver  Toyama Bay dive shop owner joins 3.7metrelong creature in the water, where it was lively, spurting ink and trying to entangle his tentacles around me In Tanzania, a Horrific Fishing Tactic Destroys All Sea Life  It's the only country in Africa where fishermen widely use homemade bombs to increase their catch. 'Blast fishing' popular off the coast, where its been outlawed since 1970. Paris Scales Back NYE Event Amid Terror Fears Ramadi residents fleeing ISIS 'They wanted to use us as human shields' Israeli Gov't approves NIS 15billion plan to invest in Arab municipalities Russia denies 'absurd' claims that air strikes in Syria are killing hundreds of civilians Web attack knocks BBC websites offline Iran says any U.S. sanctions on missiles illegal Maternity Benefits Indian Government plans to allow new moms to work from home for two years 'Rat on a plane' forces Air India flight to turn back Philippines to join Chinabacked AIIB infrastructure bank ESPN invites five FIFA presidential candidates to TV debate Hamas to keep Palestinians from ringing in New Year, says New Years Eve contrary to our traditions and an imitation of the West. India's Supreme Court commutes death penalty for man who brutally killed 65yearold woman, raped and stabbed pregnant granddaughterinlaw  UK PM David Cameron warns he is ready to fight another war with Argentina to keep control of Falklands Temperatures in China have plunged to their lowest in almost three decades, cold enough to freeze coastal waters and trap 1,000 ships in ice Radioactive waste dumped into rivers during decontamination work in Fukushima  Cat Caught 'Sneaking' Drill Bits, Files, EarPhones, Phone & Charger Into Brazilian Prison Brazilian Girl selling her virginity to raise money for her bedridden mother, and highest bid currently stands at $35,000 Banana Republic Justice Behind The Scenes Of The Pirate Bay Trial Mass protests against government spread in Iraq   Pakistan mob mutilate and kills man for 'burning Quran' Syrian President Bashar alAssad made his first public appearance in months on Sunday, calling for a full national mobilization to fight against rebels he described as al Qaeda terrorists.  Honduran ambassador to Colombia sacked after wild party The father of an Indian student whose brutal rape provoked a global outcry said he wanted her name made public so she could be an inspiration to victims of sexual assault, a call that was quickly taken up by social media users and may pressure authorities to allow her identity to be revealed. Chinese anticorruption drive nets official with 47 mistresses Grard Depardieu meets Vladimir Putin and gets his Russian passport Oldest Swiss bank Wegelin to close after admitting aiding US tax evasion. Founded in 1741, Wegelin pleaded guilty in court to helping wealthy Americans hide their income in secret offshore accounts Somalia Faces Alarming Rise in Rapes of Women and Girls Indian Government going to recruit 2500 women police officers in Delhi, recommends that all other states bring up women police % up to 33% of police force. Female genital mutilation  unreported, ignored and unpunished | Independent.co.uk In yet another incident of the same police station, a woman was raped in 1976 and her case is also awaiting committal. Pamplona's locksmiths join revolt as banks throw families from their homes India 'kills Pakistani soldier in Kashmir' US troops arrive in Turkey to protect it from Syrian scuds as Rebels are posed to capture a key airport from Assad 'Malala survived  that is a big defeat. Now they want to kill many Malalas'  As the Pakistani schoolgirl leaves hospital in Britain, extremists continue their murderous campaign by turning their guns on health workers and teachers Why Japan Can't Compete With China  Tokyo officials are relying on retirees and aging ships to fill a temporary shortfall in coast guard manpower  a move that reveals the broader limits of Japan's capabilities. Pakistan says 1 dead in border clash with India  World  CBC News b'Attack on US embassy in Yemen leaves 16 dead' b'100 groups demand to see secret anticounterfeiting treaty' b' Suspected U.S. missiles hit Pakistani village' b'Zimbabwe Loaf of bread now costs $10 trillion' b'Russian stock exchanges halt trades, drop 60% since May' Government drug advisers begin review of ecstasy's class A status b'Blasts, gunfire near U.S. Embassy in Yemen' b'Yesterday  US Military leaders tell Pakistan we respect their soverignity.  A few hours ago  Suspected US missile strike kills 6 in Pakistan ' 'Japan's Hillary' makes bid for prime minister  b'Confidential data on millions of Norwegians sent to media by mistake.' b'We must find who did this and punish them!!!' b'Suspected US missile strike kills 6 in Pakistan' b'Fast Lane to the Future A new superhighway linking its four major cities is bringing old and new India into jarring proximity.' b'Arctic ice begins regrowth' b'Opportunity knocks in Canada for U.S. immigrants'  Thaksin's brotherinlaw is elected as Thai prime minister b'1st anniversary of the beginning of the Saffron Revolution' b'Russian stock market falls 17%' b'Car bombs at U.S. embassy in Yemen kill 16' CIA Bin Laden doesn't oversee daytoday al Qaeda operations  b'WTF? Six Brazilian politicians legally change their names to Barack Obama' b'Tony Blair to appear on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart' b'At least 100 rapes in Karachi,Pakistan a day' b'US footage of attack that killed Pakistani soldiers' Potential HBOS Lloyds merger 'bad news for consumers' Haiti reconstruction firms only get $1.60 for every $100, rest goes back to American companies. BREAKING Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi formally under investigation for using teenage prostitute and abusing his position as PM Afghan Taliban end opposition to educating girls PM replaces Tunisia president  Africa  Al Jazeera English A nice primer explaining what's happening in Tunisia, for idiots like me who need a tl;dr version of everything Guyana becomes 6th South American state to recognize Palestinian independence  Police to review evidence of phone hacking by Rupert Murdoch flagship British paper, the News of the World, despite attempts by Murdoch's corporation to stop details of hacking becoming public Third undercover police spy unmasked as scale of undercover police network within the UK environment protest movement emerges Israel demolishes homes and classroom in West Bank village The news half of Australia has been waiting for  Flood poses no risk to beer supplies  Silvio Berlusconi investigated in teenage prostitution case Emergency rule imposed in Tunisia Norwegian Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Stre in the West Bank Norway considering recognizing an independent Palestinian state in September this year  will depend on progress made by then. The fall of Tunisias president marks the first time that protests have overthrown an Arab leader Palestinian Foreign Minister says that the Goal of gaining greater international recognition of the Palestinian State will help to get Israel back to negotiations Japan's military, citing worries about North Korean belligerence and an increasingly aggressive China, wants to cooperate in unprecedented ways with the United States Dramatic changes may be coming in Israel Demographers now estimate about a third of last year's Jewish babies were born into the ultraOrthodox community, an insular and devout minority that has long been at loggerheads with the rest of the increasingly modern and prosperous country. Tunisia riots US warns Middle East to reform or be overthrown Pirates operating off the Somali coast have kidnapped six crew from a Danish ship thought to have been transporting weapons in the Gulf of Aden. A brave little Australian hero. A teenager who was scared of water drowned in the Queensland floods after begging rescuers to save his younger brother first.  Russian officials told to learn languages after Institute of Protein Research mistranslated as Squirrel Institute Arab bloggers cheer on Tunisia's Revolution and expressed hope that their own nations might follow this example The Tunisian president and dictator, Ben Ali, flees the country after protests Tunisia protests 'The fear has gone  I've been waiting 20 years for today' Glenn Beck  the Hate Preacher (german article, translated with Google)