 b'Mistaken for a protester in Tehran, an officer grabbed me, pinned my arm behind my back and led me into the bowels of the Interior Ministry headquarters' b' Department of Defense maps of probable Soviet World War III plans' b'Israeli troops humiliate Palestinians  and put it on YouTube [Actual Israeli newspaper headline]' b'Australia considering taking legal action against Japan to stop it killing whales' b'It's important to understand that although there is amazing ferment taking place in Iran, that the difference between Ahmadinejad and Moussavi in terms of their actual policies may not be as great as has been advertised, Obama told CNBC' b'First of several upcoming gifts for North Korea' b'Iranian soldiers break into dorms, destroy property of sleeping women they call rioters' b'Israeli human rights organizations call for investigation after two IDF commanders testify about extensive and routine use of violence and injurious, even lethal means, against Palestinians. Complaints such as this have been filed in the past, but denied. Can Israel ignore the evidence this time?' Responding to protests from indigenous groups, Peru's congress has overturned two presidential decrees that would have opened the Peruvian Amazon to logging, dams and oil drilling by American companies. b'A report in Japans Yomiuri newspaper says Pyongyang is planning to fire a longrange ballistic missile at Hawaii on July 4. ' b'Anonymous Joins Fight Against Tyranny In Iran' Iran's Supreme Leader gives the green light to Basij to crack down hard on peaceful demonstrators. b'Google adds Persian to its translator.  Now you can keep even closer tabs on Iran.' b'Under these conditions, it is essentially no more difficult to steal a thousand votes than one, a million than a thousand, or 11 million than one million.' Iran says it will not be held responsible for 'bloodshed' on the streets b'FUCK YES  Anonymous and Pirate Bay Unite to help Iranian democracy activists !!' For only the second time in footballing history one of the world's most isolated countries has won itself an invite to the sport's biggest party. b'Man dies after being tasered 28 times.  Taser gun The 50,000 volt shock can cause injury, heart attacks and lead to fatalities.' b'A 1990 article by an eyewitness to the 1989 Tiananmen massacre' b'Swine Flu Mutation Found in Brazil' b'Ayatollah Ali Khamenei strongly backs Ahmadinejad, declares that the election was over and that there was no cheating. ' b'Khamenei condemns protests, attacks Great Britain as most treacherous power in the West... ' b'Stanford CEO Indicted On Fraud, Obstruction Charges in $7 Billion Alleged Ponzi Scheme' Australia questions China's support for Fiji b'Will France Impose a Ban on the Burqa?' Italians rally against Berlusconi We are not credible. Im ashamed of how other European countries see us, said one man. It is pitiful. This man (Berlusconi), this marionette, must go away Next month the Dutch parliament is expected to approve a ban on halal and kosher methods of slaughtering animals for food Bank of Canada head Mark Carney, who acknowledges the Occupy protests as entirely constructive, has now been appointed chairman of the international Financial Stability Board. Tunisias Islamistled government rejects laws to enforce religion Former Indian President who is also a scientist  Economic growth will need massive energy. Will we allow an accident in Japan, in a 40yearold reactor at Fukushima, arising out of extreme natural stresses, to derail our dreams to be an economically developed nation? UK BT block isn't working Newzbin has issued a downloadable client to its customers that stops the block, and says 93.5% of active UK visitors have downloaded the blockstopping software Pirate Party banned from Gamex, Swedens largest gaming exhibition, for being too controversial Mexican mayor gunned down ahead of elections  Public health journal publishes cannabis use guidelines Given the prevalence and age distribution of cannabis use in Canada, a public health approach to cannabis use is overdue, Rallies were held in Washington, D.C., and across the globe in support of financial transaction taxes, also called Robin Hood taxes Chinese economic miracle fuels surge in carbon emissions   Greenhouse gas output hits record high as China overtakes US to become world's biggest polluter
 Archbishop of York attacks highpaid executives Dr John Sentamu has attacked the salaries of top executives saying that huge differences between the rich and poor weaken community life and make societies less cohesive.
 Death at Occupy Vancouver camp dooms it to being dispersed.  Israel government, security services websites down in suspected cyberattack Egyptians Call for Day of Action on November 12th to Revive Their 'Stifled' Revolution. Links between Cairo and Occupy movement strengthen as anger grows at actions of military junta. Greece reaches agreement on unity government; Papandreou will resign Cracks Signal Massive Iceberg Forming In Antarctica Police in China's Shandong province have broken up a human trafficking ring which specialised in buying babies from poor migrant couples to sell on to wealthy families.
 Now Berlusconi faces his biggest test. The future of the euro now depends on ability of Italy's premier to rein in his country's spending  Would Obama Greenlight An Israeli Attack On Iran?  There's much talk in Israel about bombing Iran. Hard to judge if Netanyahu/Barak are serious or just trying to intimidate Tehran. But doubtful they'd launch attack without US green light. Here's why they're unlikely to get one IAEA to reveal Iran building nuclear weapons at base near Tehran
 Quebec battling major measles outbreak Banks will be good citizens Banks have ignored their social responsibilities since the 2008 financial crisis. At Barclays, I'm determined to change that, says its CEO Israel army, intel websites down after hacker threat China buys space tracking station in Australia, sees Dongara as major step for its ambitious space program   China also has space stations in Pakistan, Chile, Kenya & Namibia b'Atlantic Bluefin tuna ban collapses at UN after Canada teamed up with Japan to prevent fishing ban as the only way to save the critically endangered species from extinction. WTF?!!' b'All 33 children taken from Haiti, ranging in age from 4 months to 12 years, turn out to have parents and have been reunited. ' New Zealand rejects indoor 'cubical farming' for cows as unnatural. New Zealand milk and meat will still be the best in the world  naturally grass fed Dutch fury at US general's gay theory over Srebrenica  b'Scientists have created the first device to render an object invisible in three dimensions.' b'Social Immobility Report finds the U.S. ranking well below Denmark, Australia, Norway, Finland, Canada, Sweden, Germany and Spain in terms of how freely citizens move up or down the social ladder.' Two bomb disposal experts have received the George Cross, S/Sgt Schmid posthumously, S/Sgt Hughes for disarming three IED's by hand, without any protective clothing, while under enemy fire.  b'Three million dollars on hookers ' b'Billionaires and MegaCorporations Behind Immense Land Grab in Africa' TV presenter gets death sentence for 'sorcery' b'Growing pedophilia scandal reaches the top of the Vatican' b'Bring back the brothel, says female French MP ' b'Sarkozy Opposes IMF Loan to Greece, Widens Rift With Germany' Israel's Troubling Tilt Toward Apartheid  Today a virulent form of Zionism is turning Israel in the direction of an intolerant apartheid state. Isle of Wight rapist caught by daughter's DNA The Pentagon's Propaganda Networks Lines in the Mideast sand  How Israel has again crossed a line with its US ally, and why Obama can't let that happen. b'MI5 Britain four meals away from anarchy' b'Strongly worded statement from Middle East peace envoys calls for pullout from Palestinian territories within 24 months' b'Euro retreats vs dollar on nagging Greece worriesn' b'US Trade Representative has already told members of Congress it is their intention to marginalize the participation by consumer interest organizations in the new [ACTA] forum.' Germany Responsible for Europe's crisis? Germans are shocked to hear their thrifty ways blamed for causing the Euro's instability. b'To be eligible for employment as a Somali pirate, a volunteer should already possess a...........' b'AntiBritish extremists have firebombed a branch of HSBC in Argentina  sparking fears of a dramatic escalation in the Falklands row. [Sun...]' b'Nigeria recalls ambassador to Libya after Khadaffi recommends Nigeria break into 2 a Christian and a Muslim part.' Video footage showing trucks belonging to Turkey's intelligence service carrying weapons en route to Jihadists in Syria were published Friday in a Turkish daily.The trucks were carrying a total of 1000 mortar shells, 80000 rounds of ammunition for heavy weapons and hundreds of grenade launchers UN says encryption necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom The US removes Cuba from terror list Solid gold bongs used by kings 2,400 years ago are dug up in Russia Number of hungry people worldwide drops below 800 million for the first time since the UN started counting Alberta creationist discovers rare fish fossils in basement dig  Paleontologist estimates fossils to be 60 million years old, but discoverer says it's more like 4,500 years China is building sand islands in South China Sea in effort to claim hundreds of miles of sea from its shores creating tension in the region New HIV Study Was So Dramatic, It Had To Be Stopped Early  New research has global implications for the way HIVpositive people receive treatment. ISIS destroys famous lion god statue at Syrian city of Palmyra Bangladeshi blogger named on hitlist warned 'You will be next'  Ananya Azad is a writer critical of intolerance and religious fundamentalism, a career that has landed him on a hitlist containing the names of 84 atheist bloggers WikiLeaks Releases 500K U.S. Cables from 1978 on Iran, Sandinistas, Afghanistan, Israel & More US to Russia Fifa corruption inquiry has nothing to do with you Turkish daily probed over scoop on Syriabound intelligence (MIT) trucks. The newspaper revealed the banned photographs of arms, which were claimed to be humanitarian aid to Turkmens, transported to Syria. German party exempts Muslim students from requirement to visit concentration camps Britain's Secret Terror Deals 'Truly disturbing' BBC Panorama allegations of British state colluding with terrorists must be fully investigated, says Amnesty International Swedish fathers to get third month of paid paternity leaveCountry already offers 16month parental leave which can be taken by either mothers or fathers, with two months set aside for dads The United Arab Emirates's oil and gas supplies expected to dry up within 50 years. They are diversifying the economy with a focus on space research and aim to reach Mars by 2021. Erdoan publicly targets a Turkish journalist over Twitter post Hamas forces in the Gaza Strip committed serious human rights abuses including abductions, torture and extrajudicial killings of Palestinian civilians, Amnesty International report says The report says noone had been brought to account for the abuses, suggesting they were officially sanctioned. China, Russia vow to boost ties by linking development initiatives Leaders agreed to boost strategic coordination and cooperation, and to link China's Silk Road Economic Belt with the development of the Eurasian Economic Union Fifa bomb threat Swiss authorities confirm a bomb threat has been made at the Fifa congress United Nations Official Pushing to Include Israel Defence Forces on Terror Blacklist Suicide bomber, two people killed outside a Shi'ite Mosque in Saudi  witnesses. Three people were killed on Friday when a suicide bomber tried to enter a Shi'ite Muslim mosque in eastern Saudi Arabia, witnesses said, the second attack of its kind in a week. Alleged Ukrainian nazi war criminal Vladimir Katriuk, wanted by Russia and Jewish groups but sheltered by Canada dies in Quebec Female Jihadis In Syria Find Themselves Unable To Return To Their Home Countries Christianity could be facing a catastrophic collapse in Britain according to official figures suggesting it is declining 50 percent faster than previously thought. ProLife activists threaten to slit throat of Irish member of Parliament over proposed abortion legislation. They have also threatened to burn down her house. Syria is not breaking apart  It is already broken apart and is now a collection of armed fiefs loyal to 3 groups Lifesaving drugs prices set to fall by up to 80 per cent in India Chinese tourists' bad manners harming country's reputation, says senior official OECD The widest gaps between rich and poor were registered in Chile, Mexico, Turkey and the United States. Author Who Chronicled Mexicos Drugs War Forced to Flee  He said 'run', then hung up. She tells how colleague's disappearance meant she had to escape. Her blog partner is still missing. Russia's foreign minister 'does not understand' uproar over Syria arms sales We have not hidden that we supply weapons to Syria under signed contracts, without violating any international agreements, or our own legislation Golden Dawn Member Of Parliament Yells 'Heil Hitler' In The Middle Of A Debate An Australian man who raped and strangled his Indian student neighbour and threw her body into a canal in a suitcase was jailed Friday for 45 years for the horrifying murder. Fifteen killed by suicide bomber in Kabul Dead included two Nato soldiers and four contractors UK MP to Google 'you do do evil' when it comes to tax You are a company that says you do no evil. I think that you do do evil in that you use smoke and mirrors to avoid paying tax. US slams Japanese mayor's sexslave comments  State Department says comments by mayor that sex slaves were necessary during World War II were outrageous The Head of King Richard III Has Been 3DPrinted From His Exhumed Skull Unmoved by Israel, Russia will send top airdefense system to Assad [xpost /r/syriancivilwar] Toronto Star reporters have seen video of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford smoking crack Why is violent crime so rare in Iceland? Portugal expands adoption rights for samesex married couples, refuses unrestricted adoptions US seizes top Bitcoin exchange as crackdown begins Former Argentine dictator Videla dead At least 13 killed, 45 wounded as bombs go off in two Pakistani mosques New, poisonous, methlike drug sisa is sweeping through Athens. Many addicts live for only a few months. Women's Prison in Gaza Swells With 'Moral' Criminals Earthquake felt in Toronto, Canada, reported as Magnitude 5.0 The French Supreme Court ruled on gay marriage it is constitutional Astronauts Chris Hadfield, Tom Marshburn, and Roman Romanenko have just touched down in Kazakhstan after 146 days in the International Space Station during Expedition 35. 2,300 year old Mayan pyramid destroyed to harvest rock for use as road fill. Australian Man Dead for 40 Minutes Brought Back to Life By New Resuscitation Technique Thieves break into stadium safe Ocean's 11 style after Bon Jovi and Justin Bieber concerts, make off with millions. Bowie responds to Hadfield's Space Oddity Canada Sells Out Science Graphic video shows Syrian rebel commander cutting out government soldier's heart and eating it India develops its own diarrhoea vaccine much cheaper than western and expected to save thousands of children lives Czech president, so drunk he can barely stand, staggers through formal state ceremony on national TV CIA agent trying to recruit Russian intelligence officer detained in Moscow Child Molesting Commanders, Heroin Addicted Soldiers  Eye Opening War In Afghanistan Documentary U.N. Eating insects is good for you and world. The U.N. is promoting edible insects as a lowfat, highprotein food Japan WWII 'comfort women' were 'necessary'  Hashimoto The United Nations has proposed a single solution to both hunger and obesity around the globe Eating insects. The French government is considering introducing a 1% tax on the sale of smartphones and tablets to help fund French film, music and images. British schoolgirl 'murdered for her organs' in India, family claim The mystery of Shane Todd Did US electronic engineer commit suicide  or was he murdered because he knew too many Chinese secrets? US shale oil supply shock shifts global power balance USA could be all but selfsufficient in its energy needs by about 2035. Millions of phone records revealing age, address and even the websites you visited were offered for sale to police in controversial deal Death Toll in Syria Likely as High as 120,000 The British say the French are the most arrogant people in Europe  and the French agree Sun power advocacy lights up The millionplus Australian residents with solar panels on their roofs will be less likely to be treated poorly by power companies and politicians following the creation of a new advocacy group, its backers say Atheist Bloggers Arrested in Bangladesh Mining company working with Indonesian government to strip forest of protected status New street drug 40 times worse than heroin Montreal Police Theres a country that will pay $300,000 per rhino horn to cure cancer and hangovers, and its wiping out rhinos Teacher in Qatar jailed for insulting Islam and faces seven years in prison. He was simply trying to teach his students to be tolerant of people from other countries. Brits are now poorer than the French, Swiss, Belgians, Swedes, Austrians, Aussies and Canadians Pirate Bay CoFounder to Run For European Parliament BP and Shell raided in oil pricerigging investigation If women don't want to be raped they shouldn't drink too much, says Hong Kong official The gap between rich and poor widened more in the three years to 2010 than in the previous 12 years, the OECD group of industrialised nations has said. It says the richest 10% of society in the 33 OECD countries received 9.5 times that of the poorest in terms of income, up from nine times in 2007. Raids on BP, Shell, and Statoil for evidence of price fixing. Canipre, the company helping movie studios sue you for illegal downloading, has been using images without permission. Walmart opts out of Bangladesh safety agreement Saudi Arabia Confirms 6 New Cases of SARSlike Virus Malaria and HIV Spike as Greece Cuts Healthcare Spending A UKbased pharmaceutical company has stopped selling a drug to Arkansas because the US state planned to use it to execute prisoners on death row 5 signs there's something fishy about the alleged CIA spy arrested in Moscow Palestinians face daily struggle in Egypt  Palestinian refugees do not have access to free medical care or education, creating cycle of poverty. Osaka mayor Wild US Marines should consider using prostitutes. Ahmadinejad aide, running for president, threatens to reveal incriminating information about the regime. Argentines are now allowed to know the real rate of inflation, thanks to their courts Rescuers have found four bodies and rescued 10 of the dozens trapped underground after a tunnel caved in at a giant U.S.owned gold and copper mine in Timika, Papua province, eastern Indonesia. A X47B drone took off from the deck of an American aircraft carrier for the first time, in a test flight that could eventually open the way for the U.S. to launch unmanned aircraft from just about any place in the world Where Private School Is Not a Privilege  Two school systems in Kenya and in Bangladesh  are making decent education accessible to the worlds poorest on a giant scale. Irish government wants the power to shut down the mobile phone network. El Salvador gang truce leads to plummeting murder rates Japanese manned submersible finds signs of submerged continent off Brazil Sex workers in China subject to police abuse Officers sometimes detain women only on the basis of their carrying condoms, thus deterring their use among sex workers and increasing the risk of spreading HIV  Human Rights Watch North Korea Caves to Chinese Pressure; Puts Missiles in Storage UAE rape victim jailed Huge Chinese essay writing service uncovered in New Zealand President Raul Castro's daughter leads march for gay rights in Cuba Russian Tortured to Death for 'Being Gay'  In a rare admission from Russian authorities, the torture death of a young gay man in Volgograd last week has been confirmed as a hate crime. There are growing fears by rights groups that antigay sentiments are on the rise in the country. The severity of air pollution in China has rattled Chinese leaders. While they have, on occasion, closed factories and restricted traffic to clear the air for special events, so far they have lacked the will or the capacity to reduce air pollution on a sustained basis. Israel's prime minister faces criticism over $127,000 bed installed on plane Australia has a new program that offers millionaires residency in return for a portion of their wealth There are currently a hundred locust swarms in Madagascar, totaling around 500 billion locusts, eating around 100,000 metric tons of vegetation per day. Coke lobbying against Australian recycling legislation & accused of pressuring Australian media to withdraw Greenpeace ad highlighting it's activities Arrival of U.S. aircraft carrier infuriates North Korea China's StateRun TV Uses Daily Show Clip To Demonize US, Viewers Point Out The Irony Wall of ice rises out of lake and destroys homes in Canada Egyptian police have arrested three alQaeda militants planning a suicide attack on a Western embassy The UN in Mali says the #2 general in command of the current international support mission there has been found dead in his hotel room. Psychologists attack psychiatrists MORE than 80,000 people have been killed in Syria's conflict since it erupted more than two years ago, a monitoring group says. Recession is a good time to exploit cheap labour, says David Cameron aide Morocco launches worlds largest solar power project A second case of a new SARSlike coronavirus has been diagnosed in France, the Health Ministry said on Sunday, in what appeared to be a case of humantohuman transmission. Thousands of babies sold on Indonesian black market The World Health Organization says it appears likely that the novel coronavirus (NCoV) can be passed between people in close contact. Twin car bombs killed 43 people and wounded many more in a Turkish town near the Syrian border on Saturday and the government said it suspected Syrian involvement. DPRK lists crimes of detained American Two Candidates Shake Up Irans Presidential Race as LastMinute Entries Poacher Trampled to Death by the Elephant He was Trying to Shoot SATs cancelled in South Korea due to suspect cheating. First time an entire country has been banned from taking the test. Swaziland makes it illegal for a witch to fly a broomstick above 150m Russian Man Raped with Beer Bottles and Penis Chopped off For Being Gay  His Skull Crushed New Fatal Virus Infects Two in France, Likely Spreads PersontoPerson 350,000 fake ballots found just before the elections in Bulgaria (10% of the voting population) 27% of Spaniards are out of work. Yet in one town everyone has a job Marinaleda is run along the lines of a communist Utopia and boasts collectivised lands A major Mayan Monument had been bulldozed for roadfill aggregate. Noh Mul in Belize  repost from /Archaeology Mahmoud Ahmadinejad could face 74 lashes over Iran election 'violation' Acid Attacks Against Women on the Rise in Italy  A vicious spate of copycat acid crimes has shocked the European country& reveals a deepseated culture of violence against women. Poachers Kill 26 African Elephants At World Heritage Site  News  Nature World News Taliban renounces war on antipolio workers Today is astronaut Chris Hadfield's last full day on the International Space Station Good Catholics Use Condoms ads outrage Kenyan Catholic community Egypt, Turkey and Tunisia are all slowly islamizing US and South Korean intelligence agencies are sitting on a huge archive recording torture, starvation and gross human rights abuses in North Korea. Egyptian man goes undercover as a woman to explore sexual harassment | World | News Bangladesh ends search for collapse victims; final toll 1,127 The collapse of the Rana Plaza building is the worst tragedy in the history of the global garment manufacturing industry Italian soccer match stopped due to racist abuse of Milan's Balotelli Greece has threatened high school teachers with arrest if they go ahead with a nationwide strike David Bowie's Space Oddity, recorded by Commander Chris Hadfield on board the International Space Station [Video] A landfill site that was one of the biggest in Europe has been turned into a nature reserve with rare species now finding refuge on top of nearly 50 years of rubbish. Turkish F16 fighter jet crashes near Syrian border Mystery virus death toll hits 15 in Saudi Arabia 'Two of the worlds largest apparel companies  H&M and Inditex, owner of the Zara chain  agreed to sign a farreaching and legally binding plan that requires retailers to help finance fire safety and building improvements in the factories they use in Bangladesh.' Pirate Bay takes over distribution of censored 3D Printable Gun Monsanto protests scheduled in 36 countries China Destroying Thousand Year Old Buddhas in Afghanistan. This is becoming way too common... The authorities at Guantnamo Bay say that prisoners have a choice. They can eat or, if they refuse to, they will have a greased tube stuffed up their noses, down their throats and into their stomachs, through which they will be fed. New Zealand Government Announces That Software Will No Longer Be Patentable UN study shocking levels of sexual violence in China  1 in 4 men admit to rape Three men have been arrested after police held back hundreds of ultraOrthodox protesters trying to prevent a liberal Jewish women's group from praying at Jerusalem's Western Wall. International Space Station crew plans daring spacewalk to fix leak Mystery surrounds North Korea's decision to grant top military honor to female traffic cop Defector organization believes she saved Kim Jong Un from assassination attempt Researchers find prejudice, racism and intolerance are more likely to be present with individuals with greater cognitive rigidity, less cognitive flexibility and lower integrative complexity. basically racism is linked to stupidity. Kofi Annan Africa plundered by secret mining deals High Court ruling in Pakistan CIA drone strikes illegal. Judge calls for U.N. sanctions against U.S. Regulators Reject Proposal That Would Bring FoxStyle News to Canada Israel condemns Church of Scotland report that questions Jews' divine right to Israel Ultra Orthodox Jews clash with Israeli police in attempt to stop women praying at western wall. Pew Poll Israelis, on balance, believe an independent Palestinian state can coexist peacefully with their country. Palestinians overwhelmingly do not think this is possible, and plurality believes armed struggle rather than negotiations or nonviolent resistance is the best way to achieve statehood. International Space Station has ammonia leak in cooling system Dhaka building collapse 'Woman found alive' in rubble after 17 days China Refuses to Confirm Okinawa And Other Ryukyuan Islands Belong to Japan In Hours, Thieves Took $45 Million in A.T.M. Scheme Turkey 'will support' Syria nofly zone  Europe On Victory Day, Putin Says Russian Soldiers Freed Europe. Western Black Rhino declared extinct. Survivor rescued from Dhaka Factory rubble 17 Days After the Collapse Syrian girls 'sold for marriage' in Jordan refugee camps Emergency space walk on the ISS to fix an ammonia leak about to happen LIVE right now! Settlements on the West Bank are illegal and therefore the produce of those settlements should be treated as illegal throughout the European Union  Irish Foreign Affairs Minister Fossil fuel companies have sabotaged all political efforts to stop global heating. Governments have been corrupted and stopped from really trying. Saskatoon police mourn local drunk they considered a friend 7 EyeCatching Chinese Petitions Submitted to the White House  Chinese citizens, frustrated by censorship in their own country, are using the White House's petition site to complain. Millions of Chinese internet users have posted online pledges not to kill themselves in recent days, a reaction to a woman's death that police concluded was suicide, despite rumours it was murder. Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt convicted of genocide and crimes against humanity 3 Male fish, Last of Their Kind, Must Find a Mate or Go Extinct  London Zoo is home to 2 of 3 Mangarahara cichlids known to exist. We're urgently appealing to anyone who owns or knows someone who may own these critically endangered fish, which are silver with an orangetipped tail. A 6.2 quake has struck Southern Iran  Updates inside. 4 killed, 18 injured as explosions rock Turkish town on Syrian border  officials Carbon Dioxide Levels Exceed LongFeared Milestone Bradford Muslims Rally To Save Synagogue From Closure German potato cartel has allegedly been fixing supermarket prices for more than a decade, costing consumers and farmers more than 100 million Greece says austerity measures working as budget deficit falls to less than half the sum initially forecast One of the worlds largest, longest and nastiest courtroom battles was escalated today by Chevron, which sued Patton Boggs, the powerhouse law firm, for alleged fraud and malicious prosecution in an Ecuadoran pollution case. Why the TransPacific Partnership Is a Scary Big (Trade) Deal  a supersized NAFTA, the TPP gives foreign corporations privileges that can override domestic laws on environmental health and citizens rights Seventeen pregnant teenage girls and 11 babies have been rescued from a house in Nigeria's southeastern Imo state, police have said. Noam Chomsky was behind lobby to get Stephen Hawking to boycott Israel conference Mexico slaughters 55,000 chickens at a farm where avian flu was detected 86 year old former dictator of Guatemala given 80 year sentence for genocide of Mayan group. S. Korean presidential press secretary fired amid an investigation into the alleged groping of woman in a Washington hotel Prototype flying car crashes in British Columbia  2 injured Strange Argentina ghost town that was underwater for 25 years reemerges as tourist attraction Russia denies new sales of advanced air defense system, the S300 to Syria. Won't confirm or deny if old contracts included a sale of the system. Canadian mobsters killed in 'oldfashioned' Sicilian mafia hit | guardian Brazil blogger known for reporting on corruption found decapitated China's richest man lost $15 billion in one hour India wants to know where the $100 billion climate change fund is Hundreds of tech companies line up to oppose TPP trade agreement U.S. and Cuba Nearing Deal to Fully Restore Diplomatic Ties NSA Planned to Hijack Google App Store to Hack Smartphones U.S. and Israel have worst inequality in the developed world Australia to Revoke Citizenship of AustralianBorn Jihadis ISIS forces overrun ancient city of Palmyra 2 days after being driven out. City has completely fallen. Sophisticated Tool Kit Predates Humans The earliest known stone toolkit could write a whole new chapter in the book of human evolution, especially since the tools were not even made by our genus. Iran to UN Israeli defense minister threatened to nuke us Qatar World Cup Campaign To Boycott The 2022 World Cup Underway Leaked Shell Oil documents acknowledge Global Warming is at Twice the International Threshold Merkel can't imagine Russia back in G8 until common values met Ukraine to honor groups that killed Jews in World War II  World Saudi shells hit Yemen aid office, killing 5 refugees local official Net migration to UK reaches 318,000 Mother seeks a groom for her son in India's first gay marriage advert Photographs showing a North Korean missile launched from a submarine were manipulated by state propagandists and the country may be years away from developing such technology, analysts and a top U.S. military official said on Tuesday. Pakistan opens 100MW solar plant, govt plans clean energy drive. Growing economic links with China are helping Pakistan tap into its enormous solar energy potential China warns U.S. surveillance plane near man made islands Revealed BP's close ties with the UK government | Documents show the extent of BPs influence on government policy and how their intimate relationship is at odds with UK commitments to reduce carbon emissions More than half of Syrias territory is now controlled by ISIS after its westwards advance into the ancient city of Palmyra Russian President Vladimir Putin has demanded the timely repayment of all debts owed to it by Ukraine while criticising the latter's move to impose moratorium on state debt repayment. Wages paid to illegal immigrants will be confiscated by the police, says David Cameron Banks fined $5.7bn over foreign exchange rigging  live updates | Regulators are announcing penalties against some of the worlds biggest banks for their role in manipulating the foreign exchange markets. U.S. Central Intelligence Agency leaked propaganda material to the producers of 'Zero Dark Thirty' to build a positive spin on torture programmes Irans Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has ordered that all Afghan children in Iran be permitted schooling regardless of their residency status. This decision impacts hundreds of thousands of children and can help improve the precarious status of the approximately 3 million Afghans in Iran. Obama is creating a 1,500mile butterfly corridor to help Monarchs get from Mexico to Minnesota Japanese air bag manufacturer Takata Corp. will announce it is declaring an estimated 33.8 million vehicles defective, a move that is expected to lead to the largest auto recall in U.S. history New Australian laws could criminalise the teaching of encryption 1,400 suspects in politician and celebrity child sex abuse inquiry  Officer leading Operation Hydrant inquiry says out of 1,433 alleged offenders 76 were politicians, 43 were from music industry and 135 were from TV, film or radio. Fossil Fuel Subsidies Cost $5 Trillion Annually and Worsen Pollution The International Monetary Fund notes that subsides for burning fossil fuels enrich the wealthy and make air pollution worse Egypt Court Bans Pornography China illegally fishing off coast of west Africa, Greenpeace study reveals Number of Chinese fishing boats operating in Africa soared from 13 in 1985 to 462 in 2013, say environmental group, with ships taking advantage of weak enforcement and supervision Grandson of Hamas Founder Says He Faces Certain Death if Canada Deports Him Back to the West Bank | VICE News U.S. charges six Chinese nationals with economic espionage Barclays fined 1.5bn over forex failings. The largest financial penalty ever imposed by the FCA Israeli prime minister calls off West Bank bus segregation Authorities seize 3.7 tonnes of illegal ivory headed for Vietnam The 'Shocking' Cost of Letting Companies Pollute for Free. This year, the report estimates, fossil fuels are being subsidized to the tune of $5.3 trillion, or 6.5 percent of global gross domestic product. Poll shows a third of Germans feel deceived by Merkel in spy row | One in three Germans feels deceived by Chancellor Angela Merkel regarding a row over spying on Germans, but almost half are not very interested in the whole affair, a poll showed. Irish bakery fined 500 after refusing to bake progay cake Iran says it can no longer afford Ahmadinejad's cash handouts Facebook criticised for creating 'two tier internet' with Internet.org programme After Mars, Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) aims for Venus probe in 23 years | The Asian Age Gaza police arrest and assault Al Jazeera journalist Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Wednesday Tehran would not accept unreasonable demands by world powers during negotiations over its disputed nuclear programme, and ruled out letting inspectors interview its atomic scientists. Five banks to pay fines totalling $5.7bn over foreign exchange rate manipulation Italy's 'eternally unfinished' highway enters final stretch  50 years after construction began  Back in 1966, Lunar 9 was the first spacecraft to achieve a controlled landing on the Moon, England won the World Cup, and Italy opened the first section of the Salerno to Reggio Calabria motorway Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the suicide bombing in Saudi Arabia's eastern province that killed over 20 people while they prayed at a local mosque. The bombing marks the first time IS has struck inside Saudi Arabia. Ireland Says Yes Early Results Indicate Win for Equal Marriage  Its a historical day for Ireland, Minister for Health Leo Varadkar told RT, adding that if any constituencies voted No, it would only be a handful. Russia Threatens To Ban Facebook, Google And Twitter Unless Companies Turn Over User Data 3,000 children enslaved in Britain after being trafficked from Vietnam Hubble Observes OneofaKind Star Nicknamed Nasty. rapidly aging star whose behavior has never been seen before  Norway overtakes Russia as western Europe's top gas supplier Iran has entered the fight to retake a major Iraqi oil refinery from Islamic State militants, contributing small numbers of troops, including some operating artillery and other heavy weapons in support of advancing Iraqi ground forces Four jailed for life after insulting UAE on Twitter UN nuclear talks fail after USA blocks plans that would make the Middle East a nuclearfree zone Apple and Google Just Attended a Confidential Spy Summit in a Remote English Mansion | The threeday conference included current or former spy chiefs from seven countries, including the US and UK, plus academics and journalists to discuss government surveillance in the aftermath of Snowdens leaks Bank of England secretly researching the financial shocks that could hit Britain if there is a vote to leave the EU News of undercover project emerges after Bank staff accidentally email details to the Guardian including PR notes on how to deny its existence Dutch immigrant children take to street demanding 'white' classmates to aid integration India's Poor cannot pay for 150 years of pollution by West says india's coal minister as India ramps up coal production to reach its target of 1 Billion ton of coal by 2020 Dutch cabinet approves partial ban on Islamic veil in public areas A Chinese App That Steals Wifi Passwords Just Raised $50 Million New Zealand and its spying partners exploited weaknesses in one of the world's most popular mobile browsers and planned to hack into smartphones, according to a Top Secret document leaked this week. Venezuelan young people choose parallel economy(drug trafficking, smuggling) over higher education The watchdog that would have scrutinised the end of the Human Rights Act in the UK just got quietly scrapped Hezbollah shows off its tunnels, claims it is prepared for war with Israel Bermuda Bans Monsanto's Glyphosate Dubais first solarpower and zero waste hotel consisting of 170 rooms will open doors in the first half of 2017 and will have solar buses to transport guests to different locations in the emirate. Endangered species found in UK raid  Haul of taxidermy animals including a tigers head, monkey skulls, reptiles & stuffed birds of prey seized. The arrival from the US of a 'controlled' chameleon preserved in formaldehyde set off the raid. China's richest man didn't lose $15 billion in one hour as originally reportedhe actually had a huge short position in his company's shares Oil companies are subsidized at 10 million a minute. NSA bulk phone records collection to end despite USA Freedom Act failure France to force big supermarkets to give away unsold food to charity No more bad vision, bionic optics will help humans see 3x better than 20/20 vision EU moves to regulate hormonedamaging chemicals linked to cancer and male infertility were shelved following pressure from US trade officials over the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) free trade deal, newly released documents show. Scientists on Thursday unveiled the most comprehensive analysis ever undertaken of the world's ocean plankton, the tiny organisms that serve as food for marine creatures such as the blue whale, but also provide half the oxygen we breathe. This palm oil company just bulldozed a rainforest Obama US must criticize Israel if it is to defend it Nigerian Muslims Set Court Ablaze Over 'Insult' to Muhammad The Large Hadron Collider smashes energy record with test collisions  13 TeV is a new regime  nobody's been here before  The best thing that could possibly happen is that we find something that nobody has predicted at all Saudi Arabia Wants to Head UN Human Rights Council; Sparks Uproar Saudileaks Yemeni Group Hacks Saudi Gov't, Releases Thousands of Top Secret Documents The Eiffel Tower closed to the public Friday as workers protested a rise in aggressive pickpockets around the Paris landmark that attracts thousands of visitors daily. Efficiency record for black silicon solar cells jumps to 22.1 percent; works exceptionally well on cloudy days CIA torture report wont be released to public, judge rules. Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister This land is ours. All of it is ours. A man has been able to control a robotic limb with a mindreading chip implanted in his brain, allowing him to sip a drink unaided for the first time in 10 years. Two men captured by Ukrainian troops on Saturday have confessed to being members of the Russian armed forces, a report by European mediators says. Ukraine's traffic police director steps down after an investigation reveals monthly salary of 1,000 euros  yet his family enjoys Porches worth $400,000 Voting in the Irish samesex marriage referendum has begun Suicide bomber attacks Shia mosque in Saudi Arabia Saudi oil minister sees eventual end of fossil fuels. In Saudi Arabia, we recognize that eventually, one of these days, we are not going to need fossil fuels, I don't know when, in 2040, 2050... so we have embarked on a program to develop solar energy, UK Home Secretary to reveal plans requiring broadcasting regulator to preapprove content for television, leaked memo reveals Forced Sex Camps Train Girls For Child Marriage In Zambia And Mozambique Top German spy we're dependent on the NSA Gaza economy 'on verge of collapse', with world's highest unemployment  World Bank report says Israeli blockades, war and poor governance have left 43% of people out of work & the strip facing dangerous financial crisis U.S General Many Iraqis believe Washington aiding ISIS EU dropped plans for safer pesticides because of TTIP and pressure from US Man who forced French supermarkets to donate food wants to take law global After Ireland's citizens voted overwhelmingly in favor of marriage equality in a historic referendum, members of Germany's Green party have called for the recognition of samesex marriage in Germany as well Onethird of endangered saiga antelope mysteriously die off in a few days, up to 85,000 dead David Cameron warned he faces backbench rebellion over plans to scrap Human Rights Act  He will face ministerial resignations and a large backbench rebellion if he pushes ahead with plans to dilute Britains obligations under the Convention on Human Rights, senior Conservatives have warned. Top Iranian Major General Qassem Soleimani US didnt do damn thing against IS in Ramadi and Only Iran is confronting Islamic State Filmed on Skype... the chilling exchange between reporter posing as a child and Islamic State fighter from London who told her 'When I pick you up, I am going to be picking you up as my wife' Egypt says it has discovered 521 tunnels into Gaza Strip Russias Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin publicly threatened EU Tanks do not need visas Leading Sunni Muslim body AlAzhar said Sunday the world must unite in a battle of all humanity to prevent the Islamic State group from destroying Syria's ancient city of Palmyra Russia Plans to Use Prison Labor for 2018 World Cup BP would need to bring equipment from Texas to contain South Australia oil spill | Internal documents show BP would have to transport a containment response system 14,000km in the event of a spill in the Great Australian Bight Chinese officials have been sent on prison tours visiting inmates including former colleagues as a warning against corruption. Newcomer Andrzej Duda wins presidental election in Poland New method may bring fusion power out of always 50 years away rut, abandons donut shape/tokamak reactor Erdoan blasts New York Times Who are you? Know your place Over 500 dead across India as heat wave sets in, Telangana's Khammam sizzles at 48 degrees Christians Join Forces With Muslim Group Hezbollah to Fight ISIS in Lebanon Spanish regional elections see a surge in leftwing parties in the widest political landscape since Franco's death. It now appears that Madrid and Barcelona, Spain's two largest cities, will be driven by the priorities of antiestablishment parties with roots in Spains indignado movement. Foreign taxpayers named by Switzerland | Switzerland has begun online publication of names of foreigners and foreign firms wanted in tax probes by their countries of origin, including Germany. American citizens are identified only by their initials. Turtle gets a 3D printed titanium jaw, now looks like a supervillain France bans supermarkets from throwing away or destroying edible food. Malaysian police say 139 suspected migrant grave sites found along the Thai border Young Pakistani men flee UK and flood into Ireland Tenfold surge in asylum applications from Pakistani nationals, mainly single males, has led to urgent talks between the immigration authorities here and the UK Home Office. U.S. Defense Secretary Blames Iraqi Forces for ISIS Victory in Ramadi Qatar refuses to let Nepalese workers return to attend funerals after quake Cuban ebola team nominated for Nobel Peace Prize Isis burns woman alive for refusing to engage in 'extreme' sex act, UN says Visa and CocaCola Respond To Human Rights Concerns About Qatar World Cup Li Hejun  the Chinese billionaire who supposedly lost $15 billion in an hour  actually bet on his company's stock failing. He shortsold more than 800 million shares just days before the stock plummeted. Saudi King Salman vows to 'wipe out' Islamic State after mosque attack Putin bans all 'undesirable' NGOs and sparks international outcry Solar power's exponential growth solar, battery developments soon to become the new black gold Ukraine crisis Rebel commander Alexei Mozgovoi 'killed'  BBC News Mass graves believed to contain bodies of hundreds of migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh have been found in Malaysia, media reported said on Sunday. Police discovered 30 large graves containing the remains of hundreds of people in two places in the northern state of Perlis, which borders Thailand Defense Secretary Ash Carter Iraqis showed no will to fight in Ramadi Norway Creates 'Bumblebee Highway' The Australian government is considering introducing a jihadi watch programme in schools, which would keep tabs on pupils whose behaviour suggests they might have been radicalised Australia Liberal MP calls for referendum on samesex marriage after Ireland vote Choose Deutsche Telekom for all your bargain spying needs | Cable company helped NSA spy on Vienna for a decade, says Austrian MP CIA shuts down program using spy satellites to track climate change Six Months Later, Pentagon Admits (Maybe) We Killed Some Kids in Syria While notable for admitting the possibility it killed two young children, admission called too little, too late by expert who says deathtoll of innocent people far exceeds Pentagon statement British suicide bomber is fifth former pupil of same school to die waging Jihad Giant Sinkholes Continue to Grow and Multiply in Russian City A Somali member of parliament has been shot dead in Mogadishu in an attack by suspected Islamist militants Church in Ireland needs 'reality check' after gay marriage vote Shiite militia, Iraqi army launch counteroffensive at Ramadi Greece 'cannot afford IMF repayment' in June  minister China prepares to launch cuttingedge national carbon market to fight climate change PM Greece will not accept 'humiliating' bailout terms NASA Meteor slams into Moon, causes explosion visible to naked eye on Earth Lebanese Man Impregnates His Sister, Kills Her in 'Honor Crime' According to a leaked email, Fox News journalists were ordered to cast doubt on climate change Saudi woman makes history by reaching Everest summit A group of pregnant Canadian women launched a classaction lawsuit against the maker of a recalled birth control pill after it was discovered the packages contained mostly placebos North Korea just launched three short range missiles. Guantanamo hunger strike enters 100th day Director of Australia's largest dance studio, caught with thousands of child pornography images, taking pictures of, and molesting students. Aussie government tries to block two sites, takes down 1,200 Afghan lawmakers block legislation protecting womens rights Washington Gets Explicit Its 'War On Terror' Is Permanent Israeli intelligence official Assad preferable to rebels The Unsafe Sex Should The World Invest More In Men's Health? Bashar alAssad 'We can't negotiate with fragmented rebels'. The Syrian president says that the opposition could not uphold any peace deal, and blames the west for supporting them It has emerged that Hamburg managed to scrape past a catastrophe on May 1st when firefighters swiftly removed radioactive containers and explosives from a burning ship in the city's harbour Five critical, 30 forcefed, 102 to 130 taking part  data that makes for grim reading as the Guantanamo hunger strike enters its 100th day Syrias Bashar AlAssad is Winning Rare good news for elephants Gabon steps in to help protect elephants from ivory poaching at site of massacre in the Central African Republic Gay marriage to become legal in France by Saturday North Korea Fires Missiles Into Sea A Chinese manager working in Pakistan occupied Kashmir was arrested for 'throwing Quran' Man who put a chastity lock on wife gets jailed Afghan Mineral Treasures Stay Buried, Hostages to Instability  It's sitting on massive deposits of copper, gold, iron & rare earth minerals valued up to $3 trillion. But investors are hesitant. And it could be many yrs before Afghanistan begins extracting its mineral wealth. Indonesia's tropical forests set to benefit from further clearing ban Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono expected to sign extended deal to help restore habitat of tigers and orangutans Woman raped in the UAE then jailed after being accused of having premarital sex. Wikipedia edits from inside Parliament removing scandals from MPs' pages, investigation finds. Ecstasy may soon be a treatment for social anxiety among autistic adults. Iran launches antiIsis cartoon competition 'to expose true nature of Islamic State' ISIS kidnaps North Korean couple living in Libya Thousands of Mexico City taxi drivers snarled traffic in the megacapital on Monday in a protest demanding that the government ban US ridesharing service Uber Huge and growing debt  and not enough young working people to pay it down  is threatening to crush the global economy, a Goldman Sachs executive is warning. A Turkish MIT (Intelligence Agency) Operative fighting alongside ISIS captured in Mosul, Iraq by Peshmerga fighters. If your country were responsible for only 0.05 percent of the world's climatechanging emissions, you might not think it worth making a plan to curb that pollution  especially when you still need to get electricity to much of your population. But the Gambian government thinks otherwise UN Officials Didn't Follow Up On Sex Abuse Claims For Months, But Whistleblower Was Punished India rescues children from traffickers exploiting Nepal earthquake aftermath. Poachers have killed nearly half of Mozambique's elephants for their ivory in the past five years, the US based Wildlife Conservation Society said Tuesday. A Mozambique gov'tbacked survey showed a dramatic 48% decline in elephant numbers from just over 20,000 to an estimated 10,300. Irish Vote for Same Sex Marriage Blacked Out in Cuba A volcano atop one of the Galapagos Islands has erupted for the first time in 33 years, threatening a fragile ecosystem that inspired Charles Darwin's theory of evolution India heatwave death toll reaches 800 Release of Orangutan Person from Zoo this Week Would be Unprecedented Worldwide  Court in Argentina decides whether to release Sandra, 29, from the Buenos Aires Zoo, after she receives nonhuman person status Warning issued after New Zealand's Maui dolphin numbers drop below 50 Two oil companies announced Monday the temporary shuttering of their Canadian oil sands mines and the evacuation of hundreds of staff as a massive forest fire creeped close Beheaded Corpses Said to be Lining Streets of Ancient Syrian City Seized by Islamic State Turkey's ruling AK Party is seen losing its parliamentary majority in a June 7 election and may have to form a coalition government, according to the results of a survey by pollster SONAR seen by Reuters on Monday. Syrian Air Force kills more than 140 ISIS members in air raid on base in IS capital of Raqqa IT chief at Bangladesh CocaCola unit arrested as Islamic State suspect An IT manager at a subsidiary of CocaCola Co (KO.N) was one of two men arrested in Bangladesh on suspicion of planning to fight for Islamic State in Syria, police and company sources said on Monday. South African man creates petition to EU to allow Whites to return to Europe New Zealand troops to remain in Iraq despite Islamic State advance Australian Parliament to vote on SameSex Marriage Hezbollah seizes 2 hills (Qubaa and Naqar) from Al Qaeda in Syrias Quneitra Governorate, right on Israels doorstep, and killed dozens of Al Qaeda fighters UK ban on blood donation by gay men has been lifted (from r/globalhealth) Russia Israeli threat of strikes on Iran 'a mistake'  Military action against Iran would be a very serious mistake fraught with unpredictable consequences, Russia's foreign minister has warned. Key lesson from Iceland crisis is 'let banks fail' News International hired investigators to spy on hacking victims' lawyers... The warning that Greece was spiraling out of control sounded in mid2009, in a draft report from the IMF. It never reached the outside world. Greek officials complained, so the final version played down the risk that Athens would default. 
      Journalists close to Berlusconi say he will resign Monday
| Reuters

 After shocking incidents, Chinese struggle to instill kindness France unveils $138bn bid to slash deficit  French PM announces austerity measures and tax rises totalling $138bn in bid to eliminate budget deficit by 2016. Underneath Mexico City's bustle lie Aztec wonders  Excavations in the middle of downtown Mexico City have unearthed sacred Aztec sculptures, giving archaeologists a glimpse into ancient rituals. German gold reserves are off limits economy minister    Germany rejects G20 proposals that would see national central banks contribute reserves to an IMFbacked vehicle designed to boost the financial firepower of the eurozone rescue war chest. NZ recording industry fires first guilty until proved innocent shots at alleged pirates The first complaints have gone out to ISPs, and as a result  the first Detection Notices have reached the first alleged offenders Iran will be able to build nuclear bomb within months, IAEA says. Western experts say IAEA report to reveal Iran has already acquired knowledge, technology, and resources to achieve nuclear capability Palestine versus the United Nations The Palestinian bid for statehood has placed the UN in a quandary Asian rhino horn mania drives extinction the last of Vietnam's rhinos are killed European elites should be wary of the Greek spring.

The fear of 'contagion' shouldn't be just about the euro  this Greek resistance could spread across Europe
 Berlusconi denies resignation rumours Italian PM says reports he plans to resign are baseless, but looming vote could take matters out of his hands. Carlos the Jackal, feared Cold War terrorist, goes on trial in France Italy 'needs 300bn euro loan to stand still' The safety of medicines in the UK has been cast into doubt by a fraud inquiry at the European regulator responsible for licensing pharmaceutical drugs across the EU, based in Canary Wharf, London Soviet scientists helped Iran build nuke; Ahmadinejad denies nuclear bomb European leaders are hoping China will be a major contributor to a $1.4trillion bailout fund, but many in the Asian nation are uncomfortable with that prospect. One reason Europeans are still better off than Chinese. Europe's labour laws and welfare systems make workers lazy, says Chinese finance chief Nicaragua Ortega wins third term despite constitutional ban. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi close to resigning The World from Berlin 'The Common Currency Endgame Has Begun'  SPIEGEL ONLINE  News  International b'Two elderly Chinese women have been sentenced to a year of reeducation through labor after they sought a permit to demonstrate in an official Olympic protest area.' b'The Power of Islam The Human Rights Council at the United Nations has now banned any criticism regarding Sharia Law and human rights in the Islamic World' We had 55 times more military soldiers in the first Gulf War than contractors. In the current Iraq war, the ratio's 11. b'I live here on less than a dollar a month  Obama's brother, Kenya shanty town ' b'Russia sends aircraft carrier to Syria.' b'The American people should be eternally grateful to Old Europe for having spiked the BushMcCain plan to bring Georgia into NATO.' b'Abkhazia officially appeals to Russia for independence' b'Russia warns of response beyond diplomacy against US missile shield' b'India Sets Aside 40% of Regional Wasteland for Jatropha Biodiesel Production' b'Elderly Chinese Women Sentenced to Labor Reeducation After Applying for Permission to Protest at the Olympics' b'Plane skids off runway in Madrid' b'Taliban mount ferocious assaults on allied targets' b'150 Feared Dead In Spanair Plane Crash In Madrid ' b'Was Western Intelligence involved in terrorist attacks in India? A westerners computer Internet connection was used to send terror email minutes before Ahmedabad blasts. ' b'Spanish Freedom of Speech Dies an Ignoble Death so that Spanish Parasites Will Not be Offended. ' b'Grote Markt [PIC]' b'Russia has informed Norway that it plans to cut all military ties with NATO' 'What Are the Aims of this War?' French Opposition Demands Rethink of Afghanistan Mission b'Bush Covered up Musharraf Ties with Al Qaeda' b'Mikhail Gorbachev Russia Never Wanted a War' b'Germans urge tougher laws after new privacy scandal ' b'The Time of the Wimps Dialogue with Russia Is the Only Choice' b'1998 Missile Strikes on Bin Laden May Have Backfired' For a moment let's forget everything else and pay homage to these unsung heroes b'The First Solar Radio Station in Argentina' A rare megamouth shark just washed up in the Philippines. zoologist estimated its only the 60th confirmed human encounter with one. Armed man demands airtime on Dutch broadcaster Taliban Arrests ISIS Leader for 'AntiIslamic Activities' Jordan says it will hang its Islamic State prisoners if the terror group have killed pilot hostage Britain summoned the Russian ambassador on Thursday and asked him to explain why two Russian Bear longrange bombers had flown over the English channel the previous day, a move that forced British authorities to divert civil aircraft. US Army General says Russian drones causing heavy Ukrainian casualties ISIS destroyed historic walls of the ancient city of Nineveh in Iraq Singapore will be jailing people for 6 months for holding a mobile phone while driving Vice President of European Parliament Kurds Deserve Independence Scientists showed they can identify you with more than 90 percent accuracy by looking at just four purchases, three if the price is included  and this is after companies anonymized the transaction records, saying they wiped away names and other personal details. Vatican to offer haircuts, shaves as well as showers to Rome's homeless Mayor of London Boris Johnson jihadis are pornwatching 'wankers' Prince Charles business must stop blocking action on climate change Chad army retakes Nigerian town from Boko Haram 50footlong 'dragon' dinosaur species discovered in China Bill Gates insists artificial intelligence is a threat to mankind  whatever Microsoft Research chief says White House to Cuba No Deal on Returning Guantanamo Bay Base The Svalbard Global Seed Vault has just received a series of 4 deliveries totaling over 100,000 new seeds, representing global crops as well as rare species from 100+ countries around the world. Russian spy cell in NYC 'plotted Wall Street meltdown' like 2010 'flash crash' Boko Haram to use goats, cows, donkeys and camels as suicide bombers China says no room for 'western values' in university education The party often brands concepts such as multiparty elections and the separation of powers as Western, despite their global appeal and application. Saudi King Salman fires sons of late King Abdullah VICE Exclusive CIA Interrogations Took Place on British Territory of Diego Garcia, Senior Bush Administration Official Says | VICE News Indian Woman Sues Uber in the U.S. Over Alleged New Delhi Taxi Rape Gorbachev West has 'dragged' Russia into new Cold War that could heat up Venezuela legalizes use of lethal weapons by the national armed forces against protesters Canada Unveils New AntiTerrorism Bill That Moves for 'Unprecedented Expansion of Powers' This radical expansion of national security powers is not sound security policy and presents a real danger to Canadians, says civil liberties advocate The British Army is setting up a new unit that will use psychological operations and social media to help fight wars in the information age The Vatican, which is still struggling with the effects of a worldwide paedophilia scandal in the Catholic Church, discovered two cases of possession of child pornography within its own walls last year, its chief prosecutor said on Saturday. North Korea introduces 'mandatory military service for women' The ideological leader of AlQaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) said Friday that France had surpassed the United States as the top enemy of Islam Iranian institutions to hold cartoon contest on The Holocaust Merkel rules out Greek debt relief. Westminster 'paedophile ring' Sir Peter Hayman named in secret file  report prepared for then prime minister Margaret Thatcher then buried until now End Blasphemy Laws campaign launched by international coalition Queensland election result leaves Australian PM Tony Abbott terminally wounded, federal Coalition MPs say US, UK condemn latest Israeli plan for settler housing as 'illegal, illegitimate' Stephen Harper will unveil a new bill with measures to fight against terrorism, such as a Lower threshold of proof for arrests. Turkey's Erdogan I want to be like the Queen of England Venezuela confirms it shot down plane near Aruba Indian Police Rescue Hundreds Of Child Slaves Fighting rages in eastern Ukraine, 15 soldiers killed NATO to deploy small units in 6 Eastern European nations ISIS Kills Kurdish Commander in Surprise Attack on Kirkuk AirAsia captain left seat to fix computer problem before jet lost control Citing war on terror, Canadian government propose sweeping new powers for spies, police Paris market gunman recorded the attack on a GoPro camera, was able to use a computer at the market to email a copy of the video before he was killed by police There is a strong probability that this video may have been transmitted to a recipient and not to a traditional media outlet. Philippines 44 police commandos killed in a botched antiterror operation ISIS fighters say constant airstrikes drove them out of Kobani Report Assassination of Hezbollah's Imad Mughniyeh was joint U.S.Israeli operation Obama Going to Cuba; First Visit by U.S. President in 88 Years David Cameron blocks compulsory sex education in classrooms across the UK Uganda shuts down social media; candidates arrested on election day Japanese TV anchors lose their jobs for lack of fairness reporting Cairo court sentences 4yearold boy to life in jail for murder, disturbance of the peace and damaging state property. Crimes that the boy alledgedly commited two years ago  Middle East Finland starts nonstop flights from Helsinki to Baghdad for refugees who want to go back Jerusalems Zion Square to be renamed for teen fatally stabbed at gay pride parade Ocean levels in the Philippines rising at 5 times the global average  Globally, sea levels are going up, but there are big regional differences. Pope Bishops Who Reassign Suspect Pedophiles Should Resign The Canadian government on Thursday delayed for a second time a ruling on whether waste from nuclear power plants can be permanently stored underground less than a mile from Lake Huron, a proposal that has drawn fierce opposition on both sides of the border Jewish group attacks York University over antiSemitic move to divest from weapons manufacturers Australian Court rules Shenhua (a Chinese coal mining company) may destroy koala habitat for huge coalmine 150 allegedly 'burned alive by Turkish military' during crackdown on Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) Venezuela raises gas prices 6,200%, still has the lowest gas prices in the world Virgin Galactic is set to reveal its new space plane Friday Seouls spy service says North Korea preparing attacks on South On the Run from the Islamic State, Assyrians Are Trying to Save Their Heritage U.S. Spurns Turkey Demand to Cut Kurdish Ties After Bombing Isis sending children to die at unprecedented rate, report warns Analysis of 89 deaths of minors finds 39% drove vehicles laden with explosives, while a third died as foot soldiers The Hubble Space Telescope has given scientists their sharpestever look at a known galaxy containing an enormous black hole. U.S. stationing tanks and artillery in classified Norwegian caves First known sexual transmission of Zika virus in U.S. was eight years ago Colombias top cop resigns amid male prostitution scandal. The Inspector General has vowed to investigate allegations that senior police officers were also pimping young cops to members of Colombias congress. Kurds Warn Turkey of Big War With Russia If Troops Enter Syria UN Hamas tunnel threats not helpful for Gaza reconstruction Britain will vote on whether to remain in the EU on the 23rd of June Venezuelans face a 6000% hike in gasoline price from $0.01 to $0.60 ISIS Terrorist Cell Dismantled in Morocco 'Planned to Use Biological Weapons' Warming waters in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans have increased the prevalence of diseases that are turning sea stars to mush and killing lobsters by burrowing under their shells and causing lesions, two new studies say. Kurdish militant group claims responsibility for suicide bombing in Ankara that killed 28 First case of Zika virus confirmed in Canada Russia warns Assad on vow to retake all of Syria The German government has asked its intelligence agencies to investigate whether Russia is conducting a propaganda campaign in Germany Germany migrant bus surrounded by protesters 500,000 Sign Petition Calling For National Animal Cruelty Register After Worst Ever Attack On Dog Google moved over 28bn through Irish in tax scheme A South African university had to shut down its campuses Friday after violent protests over the use of Afrikaans as an official teaching language  a demonstration that echoed students' demands during apartheid decades ago Saudi minister says Syrian rebels should get surfacetoair missiles Scientists are floored by whats happening in the Arctic  where temperatures are 4 C above average Calais 'Jungle' migrants ordered to vacate by Tuesday or face being forcibly removed Scientists studying mysterious boiling river straight out of Amazonian legend Hollande's Attack On 35Hour Workweek Angers French Socialists Islamic State faces new trouble in Fallujah as Sunni tribesmen revoltSunni tribesmen have attacked Islamic State militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, the Iraqi military and local officials said Friday, overrunning and burning one of their headquarters as resentment against the group grows. Arabic Version of Saturday Night Live Hits the Middle East Abbas's Fatah declares wouldbe attacker a 'heroic martyr' 3,000YearOld Wheel Dug up from Mud in the UK South Africa Confirms First Zika Virus Case Stanford scientists have found that chronically low levels of oxygen throughout the oceans hampered the recovery of life after the PermianTriassic extinction, the most catastrophic dieoff in our planets history. Global ecosystems collapsed as 90 percent of species perished 250 million years ago. Lithuania President Says EU Deal Reached With United Kingdom Iran will not tolerate Kurdish independence, ISIS and Israel benefit only 150,000 penguins killed after giant iceberg renders colony landlocked U.S. to restore commercial air travel to Cuba India 'disappointed' as US decides to sell eight F16 fighter jets to PakistanI News  IBNLive Mobile Medieval trading ship raised to surface 'almost intact' after 500 yrs on riverbed in Netherlands  The ship even has an oven and glazed tiles still preserved onboard Four billion people face severe water scarcity, new research finds. Water shortages affecting twothirds of worlds population for a month every year and the crisis is far worse than previously thought. Pope meets Russian Orthodox head after 962year split Church reconciliation and the welfare of Christians in Middle East and Africa in the agenda of historic talks held in Cuba. More than 5,000 pregnant women in Colombia have Zika virus, 31,555 total infections, country's national health institute says Turkey spent 20 times more than international aid agencies on refugees Saudi Arabia moves troops to Turkey as 'base for Syria invasion' GCHQ hacking phones and computers is legal, including remotely activating microphones and cameras. France says Facebook must face French law in nudity censorship case British teen Allegedly Behind CIA, FBI Breaches Exclusive U.S. Allies Now Fighting CIABacked Rebels Short story collection smuggled out of North Korea sparks global interest Mysterious armed groups are on the prowl, targeting migrants in night attacks in Calais and elsewhere in northern France, sowing fear among the displaced travelers living in squalid slums and deepening concerns the city is becoming a tinderbox of antimigrant, antiMuslim rage U.S., UK likely to charge multiple banks in Libor rigging WSJ Turkey says ready to join ground operation with Saudi Arabia against ISIL in Syria Syria's President Assad vows to retake the whole country Computer and smartphone hacking by spying agency GCHQ is legal, the UK's Investigatory Powers Tribunal has said.Equipment allowed to be hacked includes  but is not limited too  computers, servers, routers, laptops, mobile phones and more. US military deploys more Patriot missiles in South Korea India just ruled that its ok to cut internet access when necessary Israel, India to sign weapons deal Syria's Assad Europe Must Help Refugees Return.Syria's president says the West is responsible for the massive movement of refugees. Newly invented AldehydeStabilized Cryopreservation procedure wins Brain Preservation Prize Using a combination of ultrafast chemical fixation and cryogenic storage, it is the first demonstration that nearperfect, longterm structural preservation of an intact mammalian brain is achievable. Saudi Foreign Minister says removal of Assad is crucial to defeat ISIS. Indian govt asks banks to pitch in to build toilets and make India open defecation free. ISIS continues massive retreat as Syrian forces advance towards Tabaqa Leaked report reveals scale of crisis in England's mental health services. Damning confidential report reveals suicides are rising and 75% of those needing help are not receiving it Christchurch New Zealand, has been hit by a 5.9 earthquake. Sirens and evacuations underway following severe shaking. Turkish forces shell Syrian air base captured by Kurds Canadians crack down on guns, alarmed by flow from U.S. Norway Criminals/Drugabusers can now be sentenced to treatment instead of jail Assad 'will be removed by force' if peace talks fail, Saudi Foreign Minister says U.S. missile inadvertently shipped to Cuba has been returned North American countries sign firstever climate accord  Canada, the United States and Mexico broke new ground Friday, signing the firstever climate change and clean energy agreement in North American history US urges Turkey to stop shelling Kurdish and Syrian forces Alarming new research has found that 4 billion people around the globe  including close to 2 billion in India and China  live in conditions of extreme water scarcity at least one month during the year. Half a billion, meanwhile, experience it throughout the entire year. Syria Civil War Turkey confirms military strikes against Assad regime troops AI 'could leave half of world unemployed', says Expert | The Guardian South Korean lawmaker calls upon assassinating North Korean Hitler Chinese nuclear fusion scientists achieve temperatures three times hotter than the sun  The temperatures were roughly equal to a 'midsized thermonuclear explosion' Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi rejected the Roman Catholic Church's interference in a parliamentary debate on legislation that offers homosexual couples legal recognition and limited adoption rights. Former Isis Yazidi sex slaves take up arms for revenge, to win back Mosul and 'bring our women home' Russian PM Medvedev says new cold war is on New Zealand Prime Minister John Key booed off stage and glitter bombed by antiTPP protestors at gay music festival in Auckland Canada's first transgender judge officially sworn in Pope calls out drug trade in Mexico Earth's rarest minerals catalogued  None of 2,500 species is known from over 5 locales & for a few of them the total global supply could fit in a thimble. But it's important to hunt down these oddities as they hold basic info about construction of our planet. Saudi Arabia, Turkey may launch ground operations in Syria Turkish media South Korea says North Korea's government took 70% of money paid for Kaesong Industrial Complex workers. British ISIS fighter who called himself 'Superman' but returned to the UK because Syria was too cold is jailed for seven years Animals reduced to cannibalism in Egyptian zoo after neglect Grow a thicker skin, Germany tells Poland The German government reminded Poland on Wednesday that it doesn't control political speech within its borders, after Warsaw complained about a Dsseldorf carnival float which mocked the leader of its governing party At least 50 killed in a prison riot in Monterrey, Mexico North Korea accuses South Korea of 'dangerous declaration of war' over Kaesong industrial complex dispute Catholic bishops not obliged to report clerical child abuse, Vatican says 'British child' blows up Isis prisoners in new execution video Saudi Arabia may deploy troops in Syria to counter Russia Female suicide bombers kill over 60 people in northeast Nigeria officials Australia set to legalize cultivation of medical cannabis. In rare admission, Pakistan recognises growing presence of Islamic State A mammal's brain has been cryonically frozen and recovered for the first time  What the 21st Century Medicine team are trying to perfect is 'synthetic revival' Asylum seekers given priority for hospital visits An admission by Austrian health officials that asylum seekers have been given priority for hospital visits has been greeted by angry reaction. Indian Soldier who was rescued after being buried under the snow passes away Report on Syria conflict finds 11.5% of population killed or injured UAE names female cabinet member as minister of happiness to make the Gulf State happiest in the world Oil prices crash below $27 a barrel, 13year low Facebook board member Marc Andreessen offends India with colonialism tweets Master forger arrested in Thailand over fake passports for migrants to Europe. Scandinavias first womenonly mosque with women imams is opening in Copenhagen, Denmark Turkey's Leader Blames U.S. for 'Sea of Blood' in Region N. Korea starts to feel neighbors' wrath over rocket launch Pope Francis despatches 1,000 'superconfessor' priests North Korea Expels South Koreans From Joint Park, Cuts 2 Hotline Ties UK Junior doctors' contract set to be imposed Gravitational waves from black holes detected Teen girl sent by Boko Haram rips off suicide vest, refuses to bomb refugee camp South Korea cuts off power, water into Kaesong zone in North Korea Families of Americans killed by Mexican cartels sue HSBC for laundering billions Netanyahu's wife abused household staff, Israeli court finds The European Union has given Greece three months to fix its border controls or face suspension from the borderfree Schengen zone for up to two years. Agreement reached at international talks on nationwide Syria ceasefire, US's John Kerry says. Afghan Taliban flogs woman in public for going out with her brotherinlaw to visit doctor China now the world leader in wind power production According to statistics released by the Global Wind Energy Council, China installed 30,500 megawatts of new wind power last year, compared to the world total of 63,000 MW One of oldest cemeteries in Europe discovered, with graves dating back some 8,500 yrs.  Archaeologists in Germany have uncovered the bodies of children & 1 adult man who was buried, strangely, standing upright. Its rare for the Mesolithic to find multiple graves in 1 place. Indonesia bans gay emoji and stickers from messaging apps China Could Have a MeltdownProof Nuclear Reactor Next Year School shooting in Saudi Arabia teacher kills 6 colleagues Argentine and Brazilian doctors suspect mosquito insecticide as cause of microcephaly Scientists Discover Hidden Galaxies Behind The Milky Way Despite being just 250 million light years from Earthvery close in astronomical termsthe new galaxies had been hidden from view until now by our own galaxy, the Milky Way. UN official says Hamas has prevented a senior UN employee from leaving the Gaza Strip Britain accuses China of serious breach of treaty over 'removed' Hong Kong booksellers Bernie Sanders' British brother Larry Sanders appointed UK Green Party's health spokesperson Britains biggest Roman structure uncovered  120metrelong arcade provided a frontage to the Temple of Claudius. Archaeologists have known about it for 60 yrs, but demolition of office block shows it to be largest in Roman Britain. Closest rival in size is in France. U.S. and Russia Announce Plan for Humanitarian Aid and a CeaseFire in Syria New report estimates 470,000 dead so far in Syria's Civil War and that more than 1 in 10 Syrians have been injured or killed GSK fined after paying millions to inflate the price of antidepressant Seroxat A fivestorey building has collapsed in central Istanbul, with fears that people may be trapped inside, Turkish media report. Bahrain's king hands 'sword of victory' to Putin after Syria talks. He said This [sword] was made under the kingdoms orders. Made from Damascus steel. We called it the sword of victory. For imminent victory, God willing. Report Iranian Official Says GOPers Tried To Stall Prisoner Swap For 2016 Election Faced with a cash shortage in its socalled caliphate, the Islamic State group has slashed salaries across the region, asked Raqqa residents to pay utility bills in black market American dollars, and is now releasing detainees for a price of $500 a person. According to NASA data this January was the warmest January on record by a large margin while also claiming the title of most anomalously warm month in 135 years of record keeping US stealth jets flying over S. Korea amid N. Korea standoff A piece of Mozart music considered lost for more than 200 years has been performed for the first time since being rediscovered. It was cowritten by him and Antonio Salieri, usually considered a rival, as well as an unknown composer, Cornetti. Iranian Heavy Metal Band 'Confess' Reportedly Arrested for Blasphemy, Could Face Execution Paedophile who led child sex grooming ring using human rights laws to try to block deportation 800 Bataclan survivors get to finish the concert last night in Paris with Eagles of Death Metal Eagles of Death Metal perform again in Paris to honour victims  starts concert by performing Paris s'veille In a first, new Egyptian schoolbook teaches peace deal with Israel Nine out of 10 Britons on modest incomes under the age of 35 will be frozen out of home ownership within a decade, according to a study from a leading thinktank that lays bare the impact of surging property prices on the young. UK government to force all online porn users to identify themselves Child abuse survivors raise $90,000 to see Australia's most senior Catholic official, George Pell, give evidence in Rome after he avoids flying to Australia and testifying in person to a child sexual abuse Royal Commission. Young Saudis See Cushy Jobs Vanish Along With Nations Oil Wealth For younger Saudis  70 percent of them are under age 30  the oil shock has meant a lowering of expectations as they face the likelihood that they will have to work harder than their parents, enjoy less job security As India prepares to import corn for the first time in 16 years, it plans to import only GMOfree corn TTIP could block Governments from cracking down on tax avoidance, study warns. Similar trade agreements have been used to facilitate apparent tax avoidance in the past Germany will normalize ties with Iran after it recognizes Israel  Merkel China sends missiles to contested South China Sea island Turkey's Erdogan no intent to stop retaliatory shelling of Syrian Kurdish YPG French exPresident Nicolas Sarkozy has been placed under formal investigation in a probe into his campaign funding, prosecutors say. Iran invites Indian investment in projects worth $8 billion, offers stake in Imam Khomeini airport Iranian banks reconnected to global payments network Saudi Arabia Launches unprecedented Military Exercise 'Thunder of the North'. Tensions rise in the area. Hong Kongs popular, lucrative horror movie about Beijing has disappeared from theaters Russian vodka exports slump 40% because of sanctions The overconsumption of meat will inevitably push global temperatures to dangerous levels, a recent study has warned.Global consumption of meat is forecast to increase 76% on recent levels by midcentury. A protein transition is playing out across the developing world