 
Savita Halappanavar's medically unnecessary death In the worst way possible, a woman refused a lifesaving abortion in Ireland has proved 'prolife' advocates wrong Ireland 'should change abortion law' after woman's death. Member of Irish Labour party says country's almost total ban on abortions must be relaxed North Korean missile parts found on ship going to Syria Anonymous warns Israel 'No one cuts internet on our watch!' I am ashamed that Ireland's medieval abortion law still stands  Blame for denying Savita Halappanavar a termination lies with all of us who keep quiet about abortion rights
 BBC worker's son killed by Israeli attacks in Gaza China's Great Shame the governmentinduced Great Famine that killed 36 million still cannot be publicly discussed in China. Hamas says now in 'open war' with Israel, promises 'gates of hell'  RT Cambodia arrests 8 over 'SOS' messages for Obama Uganda hit by new Ebola outbreak (from r/globalhealth) 'Nazis out!' Greek protesters attack conference, throw coffee at German diplomat  RT UK government Gay cure therapy is harmful  The Department of Health does not condone the concept of therapists offering 'cures' for homosexuality. There is no evidence that this sort of treatment is beneficial and indeed it may well cause significant harm The story behind the photo BBC journalist grieves the death of his 11monthold son, killed in Gaza Parents slam Irish abortion laws after woman dies BBC News  Gaza rocketfire kills three Israelis Frosty Relations With Russia Begin to Thaw After Obamas Reelection How Germany Is Getting to 100% Renewable Energy Argentina Asks UN to Free Navy Ship Impounded in Ghana, Arguing Seizure Violates Maritime Law  It  was seized after a local court ruled in favor of an American billionaire, who claims the Argentine govt owes $370m (233m) for  a debt default a decade ago. Huge Anti Austerity Strikes in Europe Russia has lost the ability to send commands to most of its satellites and its segment of the International Space Station, following a power cable failure near Moscow. Rat kill in Galapagos Islands targets 180 million. The unique bird and reptile species that make the Galapagos Islands a treasure for scientists and tourists must be preserved, Ecuadorean authorities say _ and that means the rats must die, hundreds of millions of them. Massed Israeli troops poised for invasion of Gaza Mcafee goes off the grid Jason Bourne style UN report Contraception access could save $57 billion worldwide Millions of workers strike over government spending cuts in Europe.  Arm raised in a Nazistyle salute, the leader of Greece's fastestrising political party surveyed hundreds of young men in black Tshirts as they exploded into cheers. Their battle cry reverberated through the night Blood! Honour! Golden Dawn!  Prominent Saudi preacher tortures fiveyearold daughter to death India Illiterate fruit vendor built a primary and high school from his savings for the village children, now planning a preuniversity college. Saudi Arabia to be overtaken by United
States in oil output. In Pictures Venice hit by floods  More than 70% of Venice has flooded after the city was hit by high tides, a strong southerly wind and heavy rain An SAS soldier has been jailed for possessing a war trophy pistol presented to him by the Iraqi Army for outstanding service. United Nations wants control of web kill switch Rhino Butchers Caught on Film   Video is a trail of evidence from S Africa to SE Asia against poaching syndicate that got away.  A rhino dozing under a tree is shot.  Making a desperate sound, it thrashes wildly, trying to stand. It takes 5 shots before it falls, alive, kicking.  


 Malala's journey from near death to recovery  A month after being shot by the Taliban, it is nothing short of a miracle that teen blogger Malala Yousufzai is alive and smiling  and even more astounding that she suffered no major brain damage IEA Report US projected to become biggest oil producer and energy independent by 2020 Australian Government to launch Royal Commission into child sex abuse by the Catholic Church Uganda will pass antigay law, calling it 'Christmas gift' to the people of Uganda Racist attacks on rise and growing more violent on the streets of Athens Israel reports 'direct hits' on targets in Syria, after responding to stray mortar fire Australia  More than 70 per cent of the Brothers from the St John of God order are suspected child abusers. Claims were also made that two boys had allegedly been beaten so badly they were thought to have died but their deaths had not been reported to authorities. Harper Among Least Trusted Leaders, Poll Shows  The Globe And Mail  Muslim extremists in Egypt plot the destruction of the sphynx and pyramids. Russian police have arrested six members of a banned Islamic group on suspicion of recruiting followers in Moscow mosques and possessing weapons, the Interior Ministry said on Monday. Thailand's government recently attempted to manipulate the price of rice to help farmers. Now, the Rice is rotting in storage and the Government is accumulating massive debt. An 80yearold Catholic priest in Perth, Australia, bit off an 81yearold priest's ear and socked him in the face for not giving up his parking spot. Iran warns US against airspace violation  Intruder breaks in and steals Tower of London keys Australian in Bulgarian prison for murder after running to the aid of two gypsies being gang bashed says he is being held ransom by Bulgarian government. Kent man arrested after picture of burning poppy posted on internet  Police say that the man from Aylesham had been arrested on suspicion of 'malicious telecommunications' Troops could be headed to Mali to fight Islamist extremists With more than 50,000 supporters, The uprising of women in the Arab world facebook group is being blocked by Facebook, over a picture of a woman not wearing a veil. Egyptian migrant turns up for work in Greece, tortured for 18 hours Australian Judge rules that you can tell cops to Fuck off Antivirus pioneer John McAfee wanted for murder On streets of Athens, racist attacks increase 42 Kenyan police officers killed in an ambush by cattle rustlers. SPECIAL REPORT  Witnesses tell of organized killings of Myanmar Muslims B.C. marijuana activist wins $25 million Erb will now put his money where his mouth is, using some of his winnings for the legalization, decriminalization of marijuana.

 'Priests believe child abuse forgivable'  Beijing fears sparking its own French revolution Dutch teenagers receive the maximum (2 years juvenile detention) sentence for inciting contract killing of a 15 year old girl, what has become known as the Facebook murder The Palestinian leadership has decided to defy a personal plea from President Barack Obama and go ahead with a bid for elevated status at the United Nations General Assembly. The European Union has announced that it is suspending $25million in aid for Afghanistan, warning that aid will be increasingly conditional on the government sticking to agreed reforms. The Expendables  the French Foreign Legion haunted men from everywhere, fighting anywhere, dying for causes not their own. At least $2 billion of diamonds from Zimbabwe's Marange fields have been stolen by people linked to President Robert Mugabe's party, a diamond watchdog has said, although the state mining firm said the gems were sold transparently.
 British Special Forces training rebels to assassinate Syrian president Fighting grows along Syria's borders, threatening to spread war FSA examines whistleblower's claims of 'Liborlike' manipulation in gas prices Have Syria's fractious rebels finally united? Canadian 60yearold former candidate for the B.C. Marijuana Party wins $25 million. Will donate most of it to soup kitchens, food banks, shelters.
  Spain's banking association announced on Monday it would freeze eviction orders for the next two years in cases of extreme hardship, following widespread alarm and protests after a woman killed herself on Friday Extremist calls for destruction of Egyptian antiquities  (CNN.com) Morgan AlGohary, a jihadi sheikhdeclared that if he and his ilk ever came to power, they would not hesitate to destroy the Sphinx and the pyramids. Hong Kong to cut Iranian ships from register 'Hong Kong will stop allowing 19 ships linked to the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines (IRISL) from operating under its flag, a government letter showed, in the latest blow to Tehran's sanctionshit global trade'
 Internet freedoms put in stranglehold in UAE  RT Viagra maker Pfizer pays virtually no corporation tax in UK despite 1.8bn turnover Public outrage over the issue has mounted after it emerged that giants including Starbucks, Google, Facebook, Amazon and eBay all pay relatively little tax in the UK Raped police officer offered cash to quit  A female police officer who was sexually assaulted by a male colleague has spent nearly three years being sidelined from her job  and says she is now being offered a few months salary to quit. Former Australian priest comes forward on child abuse coverups in Catholic Church, I became aware that some of the other priests were actually paedophiles and were not necessarily becoming priests because they wanted to help people, but because they were paedophiles who wanted the opportunity. In Singapore the government prohibits financial vulnerable individuals from entering casinos, with about 43,000 Singaporeans reportedly falling in this category. The Mexican government on Friday charged 14 federal police officers with trying to kill two CIA agents and a Mexican marine during an August ambush of an armored U.S. Embassy vehicle. The offduty officers, in private vehicles, attacked the agents' marked SUV with AK47 assault rifles  UN warns of worsening crisis as at least 8,000 Syrians fled into Turkey over the last 24 hours alone China plans to spend 600 billion yuan ($96 billion) building railway infrastructure next year, with 60 percent of the investment going to highspeed projects, a senior executive from China's leading rail and highway builder said. Iraq cancels $4.2bn Russian arms deal over 'corruption' Australia to open $12.2 million Super Brothel. One of the biggest brothels in the world.  Families of three million of Pakistan's poorest children will get cash sums if their child attends school, in a scheme announced ahead of a day of action for a schoolgirl shot by the Taliban. Thousands protest in Spain after 53 year old facing eviction jumps to her death. As Turkey Rises, 'A Real Problem' With Censorship  Turkey is disputing a new report that names it as the world's leading jailer of journalists, with scores behind bars  ahead of Iran, China and other authoritarian states. Anglo American Platinum fired 12,967 striking South African miners  The police fired rubber bullets at striking miners  Citizen drone camera captures Argentina's #8N protests as citizens take creative measures to film antigovernment protests in Buenos Aires. More than 5,000 child brides in Saudi Arabia | GulfNews.com Pakistan marks Malala Day, poor children to get cash for school. The families of more than 3 million poor children in Pakistan will receive cash stipends if their children go to school, the government said as officials prepared Malala Day on Saturday in support of the girl shot by the Taliban.  Five Tibetans set themselves on fire in protest at Chinese rule Campaign groups report selfimmolations a day before Communist party congress opens in Beijing
 NGO dropped 20 Motorola tablets, preloaded with mostly literacy apps in an Ethiopian village with no instructions. In 4 minutes, one boy had found the on/off switch, and he then taught the others. In a few days, they were each using about 50 apps each. Iran reconstructs Armenian Church damaged after earthquake Britain will stop giving financial aid to India by 2015, government said on Friday, marking a shift in ties between the onetime imperial power and its fastgrowing former colony. The move follows anger at handouts to an economy which is Asia's third largest and has a space program Iran confirms firing at U.S. drone over Persian Gulf 27 killed in Sri Lanka prison riot  Australia Network News  Egypt's Muslim 'Sisters' rise with conservative vision. Women's rights have sprung to the forefront of the debate in Egypt as members of an Islamistdominated assembly wrestle over the writing of a new constitution for the country.  South African court sentences rhino horn smuggler to 40 years Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is still giving thousands of euros a month to aspiring showgirls who attended his colourful parties, a Milan court heard on Friday. Weakened by a sex scandal and graft and tax fraud allegations, he was forced to resign a year ago. Iraq denies cancelling $4.2 bln arms deal with Russia over 'corruption concerns'. Iraqi Prime Minister's spokesperson Ali Mussawi told RT that the deal hasn't been cancelled, it is simply under review. He also confirmed it was because of earlier allegations of corruption from the Iraqi side.  Vatican vows to fight gay marriage after gains in U.S., Europe 84 year old Australian man fights off two armed intruders, stabs one (with the broken blade of his own knife) hits the other with a pole and chases both out of his house. A documentary maker has inspired  young people to take part in an oral history project to collect peasants' stories of the Great Famine in the late 1950s and early 1960s. An estimated 36 million people died during the famine, which the Chinese government blamed on natural disasters. A herd of elephants find 500 litres of moonshine and go on a drunken rampage in India.
 Only two fifths of Italians say affairs are completely unacceptable. One quarter of Spaniards do not regard sexual fidelity as important. The majority of the French  two thirds of men and half of women  believe that sexual attraction inevitably leads to intimacy Palestinians 12 EU nations to support our UN bid In Xinjiang (western China) people are not allowed to go to their place of worship, unable to speak their native language, are turned down for jobs based on their race, all in an effort to assimilate local culture.  BBC News  Burma rocked by strong earthquake, casualties reported Spain's conservative prime minister and the leader of the opposition aim to agree measures on Monday to stop banks evicting homeowners after a woman's suicide before her property was repossessed caused public outrage. Israel fires warning shots 'after Syria mortar strike' BBC Boss quits David Cameron to consider forcing Internet Service Providers into 'optout' porn block What will four more years of Barack Obama mean for Africa? Obama Remains Very Popular in Africa Despite Barely any Engagement with the Continent Compared to President Bush Brother of French gunman denounces his family Abdelghani Merah, the brother of Mohamed Merah, who killed seven people in Toulouse, France, says they were raised with hatred, antiSemitism and violence. 'Mahmoud' can't get table at an Israeli eatery, but 'Tamir' can  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper India's history has been pushed back by more than 2000 yrs, making it older than Egypt & Babylon   Latest research dates  origin of Indus Valley Civilization at 6,000 yrs before Christ, contesting current theory that  settlements began around 3750 BC. Sweden to ban baby photos in baby formula to encourage breastfeeding Apartheid, by any other name If you are still confused about Benghazi, a layman's guide Turns Out Mummified  Iceman, tzi, was Central European Native, Not a 1stGeneration Emigr from Sardinia   In  the world's oldest cold case, Otzi was pierced by an arrow & bled to death on a glacier in the Alps between Austria & Italy over 5,000 yrs ago. Magnitude6.6 earthquake strikes northern Burma Argentina faces tough choices after U.S. debt ruling Many Chinese Intellectuals Are Silent Amid a Wave of Tibetan SelfImmolations Argentina protests up to half a million rally against Fernndez de Kirchner| The Guardian South Africa loses faith with the ANC. Poor blacks are disillusioned with the party that ended apartheid 18 years ago, promising a better life for all India Girl Ends Child 'Marriage'  
A young woman has her child marriage legally annulled in northern Rajasthan state, in what is thought to be the 1st case of its kind in India. The Alliance of Liberals and Democrats (ALDE) in the European Parliament have just confirmed that they will reject ACTA Dalai Lama World belongs to 'humanity,' not leaders Norwegians to protest Breivik, singing song he hates
 Rupert Murdoch apologizes, admits phonehacking 'coverup' They were calling us Asian dogs and pussies while they were beating us. When my friend tried to wipe blood from his nose, a teenaged girl stuffed my friend's mouth with her tampon removed from her pants. Swiss woman dies after attempting to live on sunlight; Woman gave up food and water on spiritual journey   NY Daily News Yorkshire's Robinson Crusoe Brit who bought a cutprice island in the Seychelles 50 years ago... and still lives in blissful solitude with 120 giant tortoises Cambodian police shoot antilogging activist  Chut Wutty, country's most outspoken environmental activist, shot dead by military police in remote forest region.  Brazil Chooses Farmers Over Environmentalists, Clearing Way for More Destruction of the Amazon   Brazil eases rules on how much land farmers must preserve as forest. Powerful farmers' lobby says it promotes sustainable food production. Environmentalists say it'll be a disaster. Russia Is wearing a pink triangle a crime?   St. Petersburg's new antigay law is reminiscent of fascism. Rick Falkvinge A European Parliament majority is now against ACTA, but more activist pressure is needed! World needs to stabilise population and cut consumption, says Royal Society To the left a likely new direction for France and Germany  Charles Taylor war crimes trial verdict  Guilty Analysts say a close look at pictures of North Korea's new missiles shows they're sloppy fakes Overconsumption in rich countries and rapid population growth in the poorest both need to be tackled to put society on a sustainable path, a report says. Two Taiwanese nationals were arrested after they told American undercover agents they were working for 'associates' in the Chinese intelligence community and wanted to buy a surveillance drone and stealth technology related to the U.S.'s F22 Raptor fighter jet, the FBI said in court documents Thousands Sing Song Hated by Norway Killer  Facing terror with music, tens of thousands have gathered in squares across Norway to sing a children's song that gunman Anders Breivik claims is being used to brainwash young Norwegians Egypt 'necrophilia law'?  As expected total blather  CSMonitor.com The Children of Fallujah  the hospital of horrors  Catholic church urges pupils in England and Wales to sign antigay marriage petition Colin Firth launches campaign to save 'world's most threatened tribe' S. Korea curbs U.S. beef sales after confirmation of mad cow disease Israel backtracks on demolition of illegal West Bank settlement b'On July 1, 2001, Portugal decriminalized all drugs, including cocaine and heroin. Judged by virtually every metric, the Portuguese decriminalization framework has been a resounding success' List of the worst countries for religious intolerance released  funny, where's Israel? Pregnant Briton 'faces execution' b'Iran secretly hanged a juvenile offender early today despite a flawed trial, a stay of execution and an unequivocal international ban on such executions' It's the PAX! b'Chinese billions in Sri Lanka fund battle against Tamil Tigers China is building a $1 billion port as a refuelling and docking station for its navy ' Australia's rarest mammal, the Christmas Island pipistrelle bat, is months away from extinction and the Aussie gov't is failing to take action to save them b'Taliban terror holds 2,000 villagers as human shields' b'Brazilian Supreme Court Strikes Down DictatorshipEra Press Law' b'Pakistani Writer Says Taliban Should Face Full Might of the State' b'Metal Injections Make A Spider Silk that Spiderman Would Envy | 80beats | Discover Magazine' Hospital 'hit by Sri Lankan army' b'Nations with worst religious tolerance named' b'There are no concentration camps or gulags but there are thought police with unprecedented powers to dictate ways of thinking and sniff out heresy, and there can be harsh punishments for dissent.' b'Watch the Spread of Swine Flu on this Nifty Map (not Google)' b'Monthly Iraq death toll highest for year' b'Pakistan Says It Kills 50 Taliban in Buner, but Residents Tell of Civilian Deaths ' Scientists starting to believe swine flu outbreak won't be so bad Current Editorial on Swineflu 30,000 Americans dying yearly from the regular flu. Why don't you put that on the news?! b'Disease threatens survivors of Burma cyclone  storm killed 22,500, another 41,000 missing' b'Occidental Petroleum and Death in Arauca Oxy must decide whether to put higher value on profit or human life; the rest of us need to ask about the cost of energy measured in peoples blood.' Denmark Government Delays Freedom of Speech Conference so Muslims Aren't Offended by Geert Wilders Attendance.... b'First Female British Poet Laureate Named' b'United Arab Emirates  Where torture and censorship reign supreme! Why is the US going to give them nuclear fuel?' b'British Airline BMI accidentially leaves Israel off inflight map, Israel  BMI is trying to hide the existence of Israel, they wiped it off the map...WTF' b'This guy wearing a white coat walked slowly towards the wounded saying to the soldiers, 'Don't kill me, I'm a doctor.' They shot him dead. It was truly terrible.' b'UK Police will destroy DNA profiles of 800,000 innocent people, plans to delete all physical DNA samples on the database, including mouth swabs, hair and blood' b'Quality of Living global city rankings 2009  Mercer survey' b'Despite the worsening of the world and regional economy, the left keeps winning in Latin America.' b'Michael Oren, USborn academic, has just been appointed Israel's ambassador to the US.  Here's his view on Israel's victorous assualt on Gaza the attack was necessary in order to satisfy Palestinian aspirations for a twostate solution.  ' b'Until the border is open to trade and materials, it will be impossible to rebuild Gaza' b'French forces capture 11 pirates with boatload of Kalashnikovs and rocket launchers ' b'Cairo pigcull protests turn voilent' UK to store even more communications data  but it's taking on an impossible task Sri Lankan civilians trapped by Tamil Tigers 'last stand' b'Berlusconi, King of Fascist Italy, gets what he deserves' b'Iraqi police arrest highranking member of U.S.allied movement' Veronica Laro, wife of Silvio Berlusconi, 'seeks divorce' b'Israeli calls up missile reservists' b'Albanian opposition lawmaker assassinated' Nepal's prime minister fired the army chief Sunday after a struggle over admitting former Maoist rebel fighters to the military, sparking mass protests and jeopardizing the survival of the country's first elected government. b'Berlin rioters held for attempted murder of German police' b'Israel Strikes Gaza Weapons Tunnels in response to Palestinian rocket attacks on Israeli communities' b'Hospitals are also overflowing as doctors work round the clock to treat civilians emerging from the conflict area with horrific blast injuries' Let's play a game!  Type in the title(s)  you would see on Reddit if... Israel's controversial foreign minister leaves for Europe on Sunday, in the first official visit abroad by a member of the new rightwing government b'Google puts topsecret Brit nuke base on map' b'Freedom in the World 2009 Survey' b'Any predator looks for a vulnerable prey. Malawi, after the drought, was just the kind of prey predator companies like Monsanto look for' b'Pandemic alert likely to be raised to highest level' b'Saudi Arabia to consider banning marriage of girls under 18' b'Pregnant woman miscarries after traffic accident that wasn't her fault. Dubai's traffic court ordered the bereaved mother to pay US$5,450 in blood money and fined her for unintentional homicide.' b'In four past pandemics, a mild spring outbreak was followed by virulent fall sickness. ' b'20 year old pregnant woman faces mandatory death sentence; video link at bottom.' Without a Moral Leg to Stand On; United Arab Emirates' torture scandal sparks outrage in the US  Meet Noemi Letizia, the 18 year old hottie behind Italian PM Berlusconi's divorce b'So while everyone was fearing the Swine Flu (N1H1), drugs legalization made huge strides in Mexico.' b'Defense Minister Ehud Barak said he would call on the Spanish government to prevent the investigation, reiterating Israel's stance that the Israel Defense Forces is the most moral army in the world. ' b'Russia to build floating Arctic nuclear stations What could possibly go wrong?' b'Candidate for Iranian Presidency Wanted for 1994 Bombing of Jewish Center in Argentina That Killed 85 People....' b'Sri Lankan army shells hospital, kills 64 civilians' b'3 men file complaint against RCMP after raid' Haaretz poll 66% of Israeli Jews favor attack on Iran. 'Israel is a nation of peace loving people' my ass. b'Iran Launches Airstrikes on Iraqi Villages' b'Israeli troops set fire to wheat and barley fields in Gaza' b'Apartheid Israel systematically question Gaza patients in an attempt to recruit Palestinians as collaborators' One million candidates, 44 parties, running for up to 50,000 seats Indonesia's election Give me your expertise, Worldnews  I'm teaching an EU course this summer  I need good ideas for countryspecific newspapers b'An interview with a jailed Somali pirate leader' b'Delara Darabi Oh mother, I see the hangman's noose in front of me. Prison official We will easily execute your daughter and there's nothing you can do about it. Then, with a chilling click, the line went dead ' b'SARS sleuth attacks WHO for being worthless at doing their job' b'Targeted by Taliban, Sikhs flee Pak region; India concerned ' b'Israel Faces a Hard Sell The American, European and Arab response is that for Iran to be checked, every nation needs to do its part, and Israels part is to work toward ending the occupation, stopping settlement construction and fostering the creation of a Palestinian state.' b'French Navy said they seized 11 pirates Sunday after they apparently mistook a French military vessel for a commercial ship and made a run at it.' b'More Gaza patients quizzed at crossings, pressed to collaborate, held for undisclosed periods of time  Israeli charity' b'Brazilian cattle ranching company wants permission from the Paraguayan government to destroy the forest where the AyoreoTotobiegosode Indians live, one of the last uncontacted tribes in the world' 'Hero' boy, 15, saves six in fire b'The cops told us right from the start we know you didn't do the bombs. We've got you. That's good enough. And as far as you're concerned...you're going to jail' b'Tribal War  Armed with bows and arrows, Massai warriors clash with members of the Kalenjin tribe in the Kapune hill on March 1, 2008' b'UN report accuses Israeli military of negligence in Gaza war' b'Global Press Freedom Declines in Every Region for First Time, Study Shows' b'Georgian tank batallion mutanies ahead of NATO war games' b'EU accuses British ISP of invading web privacy ' b'Up to half a million Pakistanis living in the Swat valley could be forced flee amid fierce fighting between Taliban fighters and the military' b'THE worlds biggest rabbit suddenly dropped dead  just hours before she was to star on a television show.' b'Roma Seeking Asylum in Canada Around 250,000 Roma live in the Czech Republic. Their problems include poverty, lack of education, centuries of prejudice and, now, attacks by farright extremists' b'Chinese Officials Urge More Cigarette Smoking to Boost Economy' b'Israeli Air Force Prepare for Airstrike on Iran' b'Ferrero accused in hazelnut fraud ' b'France Beats U.S. at Eating and Sleeping' b'KBR Connected to the vast majority of suspected combatzone fraud cases' b'The UN chief accused Israel today of lying about attacks on United Nations schools and other facilities during the Gaza military campaign  including one reported to have killed more than 40 people  and formally demanded compensation.' Art historians claim Van Gogh's ear 'cut off by Gauguin' b'Homosexuality An Unnatural Act says Miss Botswana' b'Britain Publishes Blacklist of Those Not Allowed to Visit Country, Including Michael Savage!?' b' Netanyahu says ready for peace talks right away ' Israel blasts 'biased' UN report on Gaza war b'German triplebarrelled ban holds' Wife of Kenyan PM Joins 'Sex Boycott' b'Larios public call for divorce followed days of drama in which she criticized Berlusconis shamelessly trashy choice to run a slate of female TV stars and models for European Parliament and accused him of cavorting with the barely18 Noemi Letizia.' ATM gives out extra money  the British form an orderly queue Approx 20,000 Irish people are marching today, calling on the Irish government to introduce legislation on abortion.  Over the past decade the business of renting out private soldiers has grown from a specialised niche into a global trade, worth as much as $100 billion US selfsufficiency in energy is likely to end reliance on Gulf regimes, but biggest loser of all may be Russia 
France  More than 100000 people protest against Gay Marriage Chavez Every Venezuelan to Have Dignified Home by 2019 Whatever it Costs Ahmed Jabari, Assassinated Hamas Leader, Received Draft Of Gaza Truce Agreement Shortly Before Death  US denies visas to Iran officials for UN meeting. The Iranian judiciary's Human Rights HQs said in a statement that the US denied visas to an Iranian delegation that planned to travel to a meeting of the UN's 3rd Committee, which focuses on social issues and human rights. Metro  Jimmy Carter 'Israelis policy is to confiscate Palestinian territory' IKEA admits using forced labor in the 80's 56% of Britons would vote to quit EU in referendum, poll finds Palestinians in Gaza fire over 30 rockets into Israel since the morning, injuring four; fragments from intercepted rocket near TA destroy car; Iron Dome intercepts over 17 rockets; IDF hits 70 targets in Gaza Protests in Jordan intensify Down with King Abdullah! Syrian rebels capture another military airport Egyptian Convoy heads to Gaza
 
Putin on Pussy Riot 'I don't think modern Germany should support antiSemitism' In UK, Hillsborough police accused of sexually harassing survivor One officer pestered a young woman for sex only weeks after the disaster, while other witnesses were reportedly threatened with jail if they did not change accounts that portrayed the police in a negative light.
 Israel PM says ready to expand Gaza operation after Hamas resumed fire Gaza hospitals face dire supply shortages  Middle East  Al Jazeera English US denies visas to Iran's UN officials Elections Canada email trail points to growing suspicions over voter suppression mischief during 2011 election  Sierra Leone Votes Peacefully  Rothschilds unite with National Trust to fight plans for high speed rail link  
Billionaire family & conservation charity combine to propose 'green corridor' for 33bn track Human Rights Watch accuses Myanmar security forces of supporting some antiMuslim attacks Spain rejects proposed 75 billion euro budget cut Turkish Prime Minister I say that Israel is a terrorist state, and its acts are terrorist acts Cuban transsexual elected to public office. Adela Hernandez, jailed for 'dangerousness' in the 1980s, becomes first transgender person to hold public office in Cuba Nigeria An oil spill at an ExxonMobil facility offshore from the Niger Delta has spread at least 20 miles from its source, coating waters used by fishermen in a film of sludge. Hamas [will] agree to a ceasefire only after Israel stops its aggression, ends its policy of targeted assassinations and lifts the blockade of Gaza. Egypt liberals quit assembly drafting constitution.  number of liberal politicians withdrew on Sunday from the Islamistdominated assembly drafting Egypt's new constitution, saying they were not given the opportunity to discuss articles and their suggestions were being ignored. Lebanese Army Dismantles Rockets Aimed at Israel Protesting women maced, beaten on Paris streets  NSFW images We need to flatten entire neighborhoods in Gaza. Flatten all of Gaza. The Americans didnt stop with Hiroshima  the Japanese werent surrendering fast enough, so they hit Nagasaki, too. BBC News  Obama 'Israel has right to defend itself' Gaza death toll now at 77 after 6 days of violence 14 Tasmanian Devils Free From a Contagious Facial Tumor Disease to be Moved to Own Island  Their plight is so dire Australian authorities are breeding an insurance population to ensure they don't die out. Their numbers have dropped 91% since the disease appeared in 1996. A video obtained by Reuters shows Nigerian troops shooting unarmed captives in broad daylight by the roadside in the northeastern city of Maiduguri, the bastion of an Islamist insurgency.
| Reuters Spain to Offer Residency to Foreign House Buyers  if they buy houses worth over 160,000 ($200,000) as part of an attempt to reduce the country's bloated stock of unsold homes. Spain has over 700,000 unsold houses following the collapse of its real estate market in 2008. Woman in India arrested for criticizing local politician, charged with hurting religious sentiments Hamas Rockets will stop when Gaza borders are opened World Bank Warns Of Catastrophic Effects From 4 Degree Warming The World Bank warned that global temperatures could rise by four degrees this century without immediate action, with potentially devastating consequences for coastal cities and the poor Europes New Fascists You can now get arrested for your comments and likes on Facebook???  When the Pope announced he was transferring his respected sex crimes prosecutor to Malta to become a bishop, Vatican watchers immediately questioned whether the Holy See's tough line on clerical abuse was going soft  and if another outspoken cleric was being punished for doing his job too well. Death toll rises as Israeli military assaults Gaza Strip Israeli airstrikes on the Gaza Strip on Sunday killed at least 10 members of one family, including a mother and her four children, and struck two buildings used by journalists Restaurateur Gets 90 Days In Jail For Criminally Libelling Author Of Bad Review The system of socalled 'shadow banking,' blamed by some for aggravating the global financial crisis, grew to a new high of $67 trillion globally last year, a top regulatory group said, calling for tighter control of the sector. 95% of Australian voters support Royal Commission into child abuse French government to spend 580 million on a new airport next to one that some claim is only being used at 50% of its capacity, with 2000 hectares of farmland set to be destroyed Angry Chinese Protesters Overturn Police Vans  US to sanction authoritarian regimes that block internet access for protesters White killer whale adult spotted for first time in wild Turkey says Israel not welcome at NATO summit Norway Killer Picked Victims Who Had Leftist Look  The man who killed 77 people last summer to protest at Muslim immigration to Europe said he believed he could tell the ideology of his prospective massacre victims by looking at them, and tried to spare one who appeared rightwing. MI6 officer found dead in a locked holdall. Coroner describes death as controversial Greenpeace took samples from nine wellknown tea companies in China. Twelve of the 18 samples contained at pesticides. Egypt cancels Israeli gas contract  Termination of 20year deal, which provided 40% of Israel's natural gas, seen as sign of fraying relations between allies
 Iran oil sector hit by 'cyber attack' If this ruling is upheld, YouTube will be held liable for the contents uploaded by its users.  New German law forcing Youtube to pay copyright fines Tsunamiswept soccer ball found in Alaska; returned to Japanese teen Hollande beats Sarkozy in French vote, both in round 
2 Thousands of scientists from 67 countries have called for an international agreement to close the Arctic high seas to commercial fishing until research reveals more about the freshly exposed waters Half of Iran's tanker fleet storing oil at sea  Unable to sell due to sanctions The U.S. military has stockpiled  $800 million worth of weapons in Israel. Israel may use the weapons in case of emergency.  Dan Bull & Pirate Bay Attack the Music Charts With Sharing Is Caring Dan attempts to break into the UK and international singles charts without the backing of a label and show that with the help of a free Internet and BitTorrent, there is another way. Twoyearold boy with IQ of 154 made member of Mensa CBS 60 Minutes on Palestinians Christians and why they are leaving The exodus from the Holy Land of Palestinian Christians could eventually leave holy cities like Jerusalem and Bethlehem without a local Christian population. A Muslim mob set ablaze a Catholic church frequented by Southern Sudanese in the capital Khartoum, witnesses and media reports said on Sunday. Indian campaign demands 'Right to Pee' for women UN to investigate plight of US Native Americans for first time PM Rutte resigns Dutch cabinet fell (Dutch source)  On sixth day of trial for murder of 77 people, Breivik explains how he picked off Marxists with his rifle and pistol while passing over a young man he thought looked conservative. U.N. Crime is one of world's top 20 economies New Delhi's trash mountain is a livelihood and a home for many A Russian man guzzled almost $5,000 worth of luxury black caviar in just 86 seconds in what is believed to be the world's first speedeating contest centered around the expensive fish eggs. 
500 New Fairy Tales from the 1800s Discovered in 
Germany Anonymous hacks Formula One servers and dumps redacted info on attendees of the event today in Bahrain in an effort to force media attention on the yearlong violent crackdown against protesters Irish priest takes leave after accidentally showing indecent images to room full of parents after putting memory stick in laptop.  Falkvinge Sweden likes to pretend it champions net freedom, but does the exact opposite itself did you know that Sweden has given the copyright industry powers of net surveillance that even the Police dont have? Vast Mexico Bribery Case Hushed Up by WalMart
After TopLevel Struggle Confronted with evidence of widespread corruption in Mexico, top WalMart executives focused more on damage control than on rooting out wrongdoing Health Canada Some of the world's biggest food brands and leading organic labels have understated the amount of bad nutrients  such as fat, sugar and sodium  in their products, including Kraft, Frito Lay, Unilever and Heinz Iran says it has recovered data from captured U.S. spy drone uzbekistan carrying out forced sterilisations Vast Mexico Bribery Case Hushed Up by WalMart
After TopLevel Struggle. WalMart de Mexico orchestrated a campaign of bribery to win market dominance We Can Save the Aw Tribe  
As the successful survival of other Amazon Indian tribes shows, protecting their way of life rather than imposing that of the west is the best way to keep them intact Afghanistan's first female film director risks death to go to work every day Rage boils in Bahrain's streets but Grand Prix still on Hollande top Sarkozy in French vote, Le Pen surges. Iran has begun building a copy of the US surveillance drone it captured last year, after breaking its encryption codes, Iranian officials say. 120,000 Czechs march in Prague They want an end to austerity cuts, the resignation of the government and early parliamentary elections. Vietnam Baffled by Skin Disease  Seeks international help for a mystery skin infection that's already killed 19 & made 170 others ill. It begins with a rash on the hands & feet it can progress to liver problems & multiple organ failure.  Dutch Trains Collide; Dozens Injured BBC News  Closeup The Dutch village with no roads South Korea's own Missile Challenge S. Korea has a missile with a range of up 1,000 to 1,500 kilometers, enabling it to strike anywhere within North Korean territory and  knock out any North Korean weapons.  Tired of austerity, many Portuguese returning to the land  Disillusioned by the unfulfilled promise of the cities and feeling stifled by tough austerity measures aimed at coping with an economic downturn, some Portuguese are opting out and returning to the land. 15 killed in Mexican bar  
A group of masked gunmen stormed a popular bar in Chihuahua killing 15 people, including 2 journalists. The Arab Spring may have helped usher in a new era of government surveillance  ... about $50 worth of storage could keep the information identifying the individual locations of one million people, at five minute intervals, 24 hours a day, for a full year. Satellite tracks Sudan oil damage Bahrain Grand Prix riot squads, teargas and petrol bombs as protesters claim police beat Shia gardener to death Trains collide in Amsterdam, 125 injured b'Legalize it lobby grows. Mexico and other Latin American countries move toward drug decriminalization.' The Yes Men hold a fake Chamber of Commerce Press Conference saying they've changed their views on Global Warming and get caught out! b'Anglicans who are pissed off that their church has become more accepting of gay priests have decided to join a church that have been more accepting of pedophile priests.' b'Water on moon scientist accused by US of trying to spy for Israeln' b'An offduty US Air Force sergeant who filmed fuel seeping from a passenger jet wing has been credited with saving the lives of some 300 people.' b'Wow! Look at the new ship used by the Sea  Shepherd to disrupt the Japanese Whale fleet in  Antarctica.  ' The British National Party is bracing itself for potentially fresh embarrassment tomorrow when details of the party's rank and file UK membership are expected to be posted on the Internet. b'Israel wants to change the rules of war after UN report proves that Israel has committed war crimes. ' b'The Mo Ibrahim Prizean annual prize given for good governance in Africacould not find anyone to award this year.' The president of Kyrgyzstan calls for reform; the entire government resigns. Now that's what I call results. b'This graphic novel explains what happened in Honduras' Turkish journalists investigating an alleged conspiracy in the country's military are all ending up arrested Earth's precious metals are from space study Asylumseeker deported from UK 'They gave me $100 and told me to fend for myself in Baghdad' b'Striking Discovery in Germany Archaeologists Excavate 4,000YearOld Skeletons ' b'Two blasts rock Islamabad university, 7 dead  Pakistan' Fury at Berlusconi 'sexist' jibe This is a very short but striking Graphic Novel that tells the story of the Honduran Coup, what really happened and who did what. It's a lot better than the lies told by the corporate media.  b'Chinese ship hijacked in Indian Ocean' b'The popular opinion is that we are being sold to America piece by piece. Our national integrity is at risk. I am scared of the fact that I might see the end of Pakistan in my lifetime.' Right wing MP rubbishes human link to climate change in address to 'environment' group b'Suicide blasts hit Islamabad university' b'How our senior libel judge stamps on free speech  all over the world ' Gearing Up for PostLisbon Brussels In The Running To Be Europe's Next Top Politician  b'How Britain Became the Center of the World' It's the law and it's official. Vancouver, site of the 2010 Winter Olympics, has forbidden police to seize cameras unless part of an arrest, or a warrant has been issued. b'1 Out Of 4 Men In South Africa Have Commited Rape. 1 Out Of 10 SA Men Have Been Raped By Other Men.' b'They broke the door and entered the dormitory. I saw today all the doors had been broken. They hit my friends while they were asleep. They brought them to the yard and hit them again. They arrested about 200  five or six were killed.' b'2,000 indigenous people from the Association for the Development of the Peruvian Jungle gathered to protest plans for the U.S.Peru Trade Promotion Agreement.  At least 50 are dead and 100s missing after Peruvian police used helicopters and ground troops to suppress the demonstration.' b'FiveThirtyEight, one of the best election and polling analysis sites, is doubtful of the statistical evidence of vote fraud in Iran' News from Iran liveblog Microsoft continues to block its internet messaging service in Iran (see 300pm update) Who's side are they on??? Peru's President Alan Garcia has Finally Admitted that the Government Has Made Mistakes and Did not Properly Consult Amazonian Tribes in Regard to Several Laws that Would Allow Oil Exploration and Affect Their Lands He is Now Asking Congress to Repeal Those Laws Peru is Moving Forward b'The Pirate Bay is now The Persian Bay  Another site supporting Iran' The Iranian protesters are effective because they're nonviolent... and there are women and children involved. The regime doesn't now how to handle this. b'Protestors hold children, photos of murdered students, quotes by Gandhi, signs like we are the nation, not rabble ' b'Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is about to issue warning of severe consequences if protests continue' b'Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has almost no support among Kurds whatsoever. Claiming he won 70 percent in Kermanshah is as outlandish as Dick Cheney winning San Francisco and Berkeley in a landslide.' b'UK is doing away with fundamental rights! First trial without jury approved' b'Ebrahim Yazdi, Irans former foreign minister, thrown in jail' b'War Nerd Irans Cedar Show, A.K.A. Dont Get Excited, the Protestors Are Just Letting Off Some Steam  By Gary Brecher  The eXiled' b'After half time they removed their Green bands, knowing that they would have to fly back toTehran after the game' Twitter won't bring down Ahmadinejad |Twitter won't bring down Ahmadinejad. The real action in Iran is in the streets. Social media is documenting the revolution  not leading it Iran's Supreme Leader to Give Sermon on Friday at Tehran University, Site of Crackdown on Democracy Protestors b'National anthem will be played daily in some Canadian schools. Canada emulating US patriotic facade' b'Irans Election Chaos. Iran braced for a fourth day of massive protests Thursday by opponents of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. We support our revolution. Most of people are with green flags supporting the opposition. + Good video inside' b'Tony Blair knew of secret policy on terror interrogations | Politics | The Guardian' b'Shocking statistic One in four South African men questioned in a survey said they had raped someone and nearly half admitted having attacked more than one victim.' b'Italian Minister of Tourism doing the Fascist Salute over the National Anthem  She's the one in pink [VID]' b'Wrecked the house after the bank auctioned it off  Iceland' b'Borderline Bigots  Mexico Tells Immigrants No Way, Jos' Kenya rangers shoot dead five suspected poachers Mayor Supports $800,000,000 Ancient Rome Theme Park Planned  in Rome__The idea, which may be funded by the Emir of Qatar, is to give tourists a chance to do things such as race chariots & take Roman baths. One critic likens the plan to building a zoo in the jungle.  Black firefighter 'tasered as he tried to help police'  Worlds Largest Solar Field Switched on in India Coral gardens that were among Asia's most spectacular, teeming with colorful sea life just a few months ago, have been transformed into desolate gray moonscapes by illegal fishermen who use explosives or cyanide to kill or stun their prey. Dutch government falls, loses majority support after AntiIslam party walks out of spending cutnegotiations. New elections likely to be held later in 2012 Japan to write off $3.7bn Burma debt  Joint plans could give Japanese firms a head start in winning business in what is seen as one of Asia's last frontier markets In a bid to quash an investigation into his wife for the murder of Neil Heywood, Bo Xilai had at least seven people seized and tortured two to death, according to a document read out to Chinese government officials.  Norwegians value respecting killer's human rights  even when he showed no respect for the lives of others In Argentina's Dirty War 35 years ago, soldiers pushed pregnant women out of planes. Should Argentina prosecute them now? The Stubborn Past | Foreign Policy Bahain 'Man shot dead' in protest ahead of Grand Prix Richard Benyon, the UK environment minister destroying what he is paid to protect With his lucrative Benyon's Inclosure quarrying project, the environment minister risks a shameless conflict of interests BBC News  Gay marriage 'nothing to fear', say senior 
Anglicans China warns of war against US over South China Sea Assassination plot foiled? Afghanistan arrests five with 11 tons of explosives Students protesting tuition hikes in Montreal begin to riot in response to police brutality and government neglect.   Kuwait New Law Mandates Death Penalty For Anyone Who Insults Islam Iranian diplomat accused of child molestation in Brazil  cites cultural differences Bahrain protester found dead. Salah Abbas Habib died after being beaten by riot police on eve of Bahrain Grand Prix. Footage of Australian police shoot teenagers in joyride when pedestrians are threatened, then bashing one when he's lying on the ground China warns India of arrogance over missile launch China Political scandal over death of Neil Heywood draws attention to how Chinese officials make  and spend  illgotten fortunes Australian High Court rules against the Music and Movie industry in making ISP iiNet accountable for for illegal downloads. Cops raid McDonald's in Denmark, arrest illegal workers.
 Petrol bombs vs stun grenades Clashes in Bahrain ahead of F1 Grand Prix b'Yall wanna see feminism? Patriotism? There you go. [Iranian Woman]' b'2 MILLION protesters fill the streets of Tehran [pics]' b'North Korean heir tries to assassinate his elder brother' b'Comprehensive breakdown of the current situation in Iran (please add so we can keep this uptodate and accurate)' b'Masked police brutality in Iran (as captured on video) reaches new heights. ( (' b'Somali navy chief World's worst job? He has neither boats nor equipment and admits he has not been to sea for 23 years.' b'Iran 12 students reported killed in crackdown after violent clashes' b'Former US President Jimmy Carter has said he had to hold back tears while viewing destruction on a visit to Gaza.' b'Hamas says Jimmy Carter is the messenger that we trust  and that the world community trusts.' b'Blood runs in the streets of Tehran as technology becomes the enemy of the state along with protesters' b'All violent video games to be banned in Germany  The law would result in no Call of Duty, no God of War, no Crysis, no World of Warcraft, no BioShock, no Uncharted, and no Grand Theft Auto.' b'U.S. journalists confessed to illegally entering N. Korea (They video taped their crossing)' b'Massive protests in Isfahan, Iran now' b' UPDATE 1155 a.m.  Mass opposition rally in Northern Tehran, a stronghold of the opposition. Mir Hossein Mousavi had told supporters not to assemble, but they merely changed the venue.' b'turban warfare wtf' Carter says Palestinians being treated 'like animals' b'If that area were covered in solar thermal power plants, it could produce enough electricity to meet world demand Europe's 400 billion investment in renewable energy' b'KBR Complains Abiding By U.S. Laws Puts Company at a Competitive Disadvantage' b'Top Israeli minister calls a cop Dirty Ara. Minister later apologizes and says that it does not reflect his worldview. I'm sure it doesn't (/s). Why isn't this in the news?' b'Grand Ayatollah Montazeri Takes A Stand' b'Free Anonymous VPN For All Iranians and Journalists to protect Free Speech. Help Spread the Word' b'Iranian Election Recount' b'Gaza police deny report of failed Carter assassination attempt (See comment for original report)' b'Cruise and Travolta got me fired' b'ISP spying begins in UK, as Universal, Virgin ink a deal' b'The man who leaked the real election results from the Interior Ministry  the ones showing Ahmadinejad coming third  was killed in a suspicious car accident (1100am Posting)' A Chinese waitress who stabbed a gov't official to death when he tried to sexually assault her has been freed at the start of her trial  b'Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri, Iran's most senior Islamic cleric threw his weight behind opposition charges that Ahmadinejad's reelection was rigged A government not respecting people's vote has no religious or political legitimacy, ' Turnouts of more than 100% were recorded in at least 30 Iranian towns in last week's disputed presidential election, opposition sources have claimed. b'China+Russia+India+Brazil form bloc intended to challenge US dominance' b'They made signs like they wanted to cut my brother's baby's throat,. They said they wanted to kill us.  More than 100 Romanian Gypsies chased out of their Belfast homes by thugs armed with bottles and Nazi salutes.' b'Iranian soccer players wear green for live televised game.' b'Turnouts above 100% in 30 Iranian towns' b'Green Hope of the Iranian Opposition  Incredible Pics from the People of Iran' Graphic Picture Warning! 21+ A protester slaughtered in the hands of Ahmadinejad's zombies b'Essential quote from the protests in Iran 140 characters is a novel when youre being shot at.' b'Iranians warned not to use sites such as Twitter' b'Iran vs USA [comic]' The nano home India's cheap housing boom. (Builders are constucting flats outside of the cities  where land is expensive  and selling living units for as little as US$4,500) b'Beijing stipulates that $586 billion in stimulus funds be spent only on Chinese goods' b'Iranian protesters report that imported Hamas thugs are helping crush dissent' b'Cyberwar guide for Iran elections' b'A Brutally Honest Film About The Killing of 23,000 Dolphins' b'Mass dolphin stranding linked to navy exercises' b'Iran widens jamming of BBC as Revolutionary Guard cautions bloggers' b'Ahmadinejad Lying Again With Photoshop' Why hasn't the Iranian govt. blocked Twitter in Iran?  If they can't, why not?  Or is it because they haven't tried? Attention Iranian Redditors! Help the Iranian bloggers spoof your MAC address and tunnel through an SSH account to mask your IP so it looks like you're not in TEHRAN. Security forces hunting for bloggers using IP and MAC searches. If you are all h@x0rz it's much harder to find you. b'Memo which proves the fix in Iran? (need translation)' b'British Airways asks staff to work for nothing  [NOT Onion]' b'CNN takes a hit in the PR Department with the lack of Iran Riot coverage' b'Letter from Mousavi (in English) on the rigged elections in Iran' b'Watch what those BRUTAL Iranian people did to this riot police officer after they caught him' b'Hossein Moussavi was told yesterday that he had won the Iranian elections.  Hours later, the Ministry inexplicably reversed itself. Until we know what happened, the international community should withhold recognition.' b'Mousavi Arrested, Rafsanjani Resigns, Iranian Police Fleeing from Demonstrators' b'Stop the blocking now' b'YouTube  Iranian riot police on motorbikes drives into protesters' b'Best part of the Iranian protests dancing with the opposite sex' b'How serious do you think the situation in Iran is? Will it all just blow over, or will this be a full scale revolution?' Iran closes Al Arabiya's offices in Tehran b'video of cops in motorcycles bullrushing a peaceful crowd' b'North Korea warns of nuclear war.' A 'time bomb' for world wheat crop While we're bashing CNN  what's the point of having a 24 hour news station when you're always 'running out of time'? b'Dutch politician Geert Wilders seriously considers deportation of milions of European muslims and robbing them of their nationality.' b'Amazing slideshow of most recent Iran photos on Flickr' b'BBC  Protest against Iran election results' b'YouTube  Esfehan after iranian election. Riot police running away' b'Shit hits the fan in Iran, Ahmadinejad defiant' A Closer Look at Iran's State of Internet, Strange Transit Changes in Wake of Controversial Election China's College Entrance Exam b'YouTube  Iranian Election Riots 2009 [Raw Video]' b'Iranian election an attempted coup | ' Secret papers 'show how Shell targeted Nigeria oil protests' by providing Nigerian police and military with logistical support, and aided security sweeps of the oilrich Niger Delta Up to 100 members of Iranian reformist groups are arrested on suspicion of orchestrating violence after President Ahmadinejad's disputed reelection. 'TV pictures from Tehran delivered a stark reminder that Iran is not a backward country of medieval fanatics, but a modern nation with 70 million people, two thirds of whom are under 30 and have the same interests and aspirations as their Western counterparts' b'Message from Mousavi I AM UNDER EXTREME PRESSURE TO ACCEPT THE RESULTS OF THE SHAM ELECTION. THEY HAVE CUT ME OFF FROM ANY COMMUNICATION WITH PEOPLE AND AM UNDER SURVEILLANCE. I ASK THE PEOPLE TO STAY IN THE STREETS BUT AVOID VIOLENCE' b'Iran protest cancelled as leaked election results show Mahmoud Ahmadinejad came third' b'They have started to kill Iranian demonstrators.' b'[IRAN] Woman fighting 3 cops' b'North Korea threatens to launch preemptive strike against U.S.' b'Breaking Iran TV says shooting at proMousavi rally' b'Whatever happens in the days ahead, the world has now seen the tyranny raw. The least we owe the protestors is not to look away.' b'[TIME poll on Iran election] Does Iowa know something that the rest of the country doesnt?' b' Ayatollah Ali Khamenei orders inquiry into voterigging claims' Christopher Hitchens Don't call what happened in Iran last week an election b'Nate Silver weighs in on the Iranian election and preelection polling.' b'Reddit seems to be the only place where I can read about the riots in Iran...Are all the other major news networks on holidays?' b'Unrest in Iran Deepens as Leading Critics Are Detained' b'Either way, have no doubt, the IRI, the Islamic Republic of Iran, is over.' b'Most iranians believe that a lot of the commandos on the bikes are Hezbollah arabs brought in to do to the citizens what a Persian cop would refuse to do' Reddit, Twitter's service provider (Verio) is planning an outage this evening. Spread the word to convince them to delay the downtime. Iran needs Twitter tonight! b'Globe and Mail freelancer detained, beaten, let go in Tehran  Seven officers ran up to join in the slapping, and one punched me in the head. A large officer, about 6 foot 4 and dressed in camouflage, grabbed me by the neck, pinching my jugular but not my wind pipe.' b'Iran supreme leader orders probe of vote fraud' b'How to setup a proxy for Iran citizens (for Windows!)' b'1.5 to 2 million people (AFP) demonstrate in Iran as one of the biggest signs of resistance to Iranian government. Meanwhile, student dorms at Sharif University destroyed, students killed, and over 100 professors have resigned.' b'Iran Election They did not permit the candidates to supervise the election or the counting of the ballots at the polling places. The minister of the interior supervised the final count in his office, at the ministry, with only two aides present.' Man 'cooked' to death in Australian prison van. Coroner will ask for criminal charges. Hackers worldwide launch DDOS attacks on Iranian government websites in support of demonstrators; some activists warn that this could backfire by excusing Iran's own cyber warfare. Iran's Disputed Election  The Big Picture Darkness falls. Berlusconi decree on wiretapping is the end of justice, press freedom and blogs in Italy. It's the night of democracy and too many are asleep b'A ghettoized Gaza bears striking similarities to the Warsaw ghetto.' b'Iran rivals BOTH declare victory in elections.' b'Hidden Truth  Women are abusers too.' b'Two japanese citizens were detained in Italy after allegedly attempting to take $134 billion worth of U.S. bonds over the border into Switzerland. ' b'Bosses at the bakery in Valencia are accused of dumping him 100m (330 feet) from the hospital entrance and throwing the severed limb in a garbage bin.' b'They (Amazon indigenous) are not first class citizens. Alan Garcia  President  of Peru' b' U.S. student at Italian murder trial says police beat her' b'Italy  Customs Finds $134 Billion in a Suitcase' Natural Growth Means Whatever the Israeli Government Wants it To Mean  Just ask the Israeli Arabs or Palestinians.  If you're the wrong demographic no housing for you Iran's old guard are poised to crush any hope of revolution. Sad plight of Pakistan's displaced b'To the Iranian redditors Who do you think is gonna win today? Will it be rigged or does the oppostion have a real chance?' 'We were scared and crying, we didn't know where we were or what was happening' b'Finding a solution to Australian racism attacks on Indian students!' Ahmadinejad loses Iran's presidential election according to Mousavi b'D.C. manicurist raised more than $250,000 to build school in native Ethiopia' b'Mexican State Confiscates Rifles from Local Cops' b'Iran Presidential debate  Mousavi  Ahmadinejad' b'Starving Gaza items banned from entering Gaza Halva, tea, juice powder.' b'Gay Israelis prepare for their big day' b'In the end, though, no matter how and why Europeans voted last week, they appear convinced that their economic fate will not be decided in Paris or Berlinlet alone in Brussels or Strasbourgbut in Washington, D.C.' Dem's Draft of HelthCare Bill to Include $600 Billion Tax Increase...cost over $1 Trillion b'Palestine / Israel  Police discover the corpse of a 15 year old Palestinian boy who had been tortured and then hanged.' b'&lt;BREAKING&gt; Iran rivals claim poll victory ' b'The BBC explains how Iran is ruled (with a helpful chart)' b'YouTube  mass demonstration against Iranian government and Election fraud' b'Muslim cleric condemns suicide attacks and denounces Taliban as murderers, in response gets mudered by the Taliban in a sucide attack.' b'Media Misreports on Biased Pirate Bay Judge  New York Times claim appeal was denied' b'N. Korea to treat U.S. attempt to impose blockade as act of war' b'Ahmadinejad wins the iranian ellections, some people are doubting the results here in Iran. Here is a video I took, more info in comments' b'Iranian protesters stopping a policeman' b'WORLD Please read, Confessions of an Economic Hit Man and The Secret History of the American Empire by John Perkins (Former EHM)' b'Chinese sub collides with sonar array towed by U.S. Navy ship ' Apparently Iran's election results were declared invalid  does that mean a doover? b'Latest protest videos from Iran' b'Robert Mugabe in 1962' Iran elections revolt as crowds protest at Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's 'rigged' victory b'Occasional Taliban I am just fighting for the money [about $20/week], he said. If I find another job, Ill leave this one as soon as possible.' b'North Korea says it will weaponize its plutonium stocks in response to sanctions from the UN.  ' b'People in Iran have gone out to streets to protest the results of Ahmedinejad winning and chanting Dictator (People are angry) [Pics]' Iran's suspicious election data not so suspicious 'Settler' gets away with shooting Palestinians, video evidence against him is being withheld because apparently it would harm 'state security' b'Riots in Iran. A civil war in the making? [video]' b'Iran Ahmadinejad had 65.9 percent and Mousavi had 31.1 percent with 68 percent counted  Both delare victory amid fraud charges' b'First polls for Iranian election give Ahmadinejad commanding lead. His challenger, Mir Hossein Mousavi, is claiming irregularities. Police moved quickly to quell small protests.' b'Iran Live blogging Protests Erupt, Riot Police Launch Crackdown. ' Iran's Presidential Election (Big Picture photos) It's police vs. police in Mexican drug war b'Top French court rips heart out of Sarkozy internet law' b'WTF UK police are teaching children to spot terrorists  More than 2,000 10 and 11yearolds will see a short film, which urges them to tell the police, their parents or a teacher if they hear anyone expressing extremist views!' Election fever as Iran prepares to vote  'Ahmadinejad bye bye  they shout' b'Hello reddit, Here is a couple of pictures I took yesterday in Tehran, Iran. There was a large rally everywhere against Ahmadinejad before the Presidential Elections.' Chinese state media praise Shanghai's gay pride festival in a sign of new official acceptance of homosexuality. We don't need no CCTV in our classroom Our school's installation of TV cameras to watch our lessons is an insult  a fact many adults failed to grasp when we protested b'Canada introduces mandatory minimum sentencing for marijuana in spite of the fact that the majority of Canadians believe the consumption of cannabis should be legalized. [Apologies for crossposting Reddit but I cant even begin to explain how Fucked Up this is] ' b'French 3 strikes and your out against illegal downloading declared unconstitutional by the highest constitutional authority in France ' b'French ThreeStrikes Law Ruled Unconstitutional' b'Think the US waterboarding terrorist suspects is bad? In the UK our COPS waterboard people accused of DRUG offences!' b'The first panicky retreat in the war on free speech in the UK has begun' The president of Afghanistan's brother is a highlevel player in the Afghan heorin trade b'Girls of Pyongyang The Unknowns in the Case of Lee & Ling' b'Israeli military developing battlefield robot snake ' b'60 die in Peru rainforest protest; Clashes between police and indigenous protesters over drilling for oil and gas in rain forest' b'Macedonia says France will say THE ALIENS ARE HERE!' b'Laidoff workers to revive old Polaroid factory' b'Hezbollah says it's willing to turn a new page and behave in a highly positive manner and cooperate with the other side... If it decides on a programme, a vision and a method that is different from the past and that opens new horizons, they will find us by their side.  Here's to hoping.' b'Could North Korea Provoke a New Korean War?' b'A customer relations officer from Ellesmere Port has been electronically tagged for two months, given a curfew and ordered to pay 2,440.66 in costs for leaving a 15weekold kitten alone for two days. Politicians and bankers walk away scott free' b'Palau to take Guantanamo Uighurs' b'France will disclose ET presence on earth Friday June 12 2009' b'War criminal who killed tens of thousands of people, drinking coffe in the Belgrade downtown' b'Israeli Minister proposes Israeli sanctions on US' b'If China can do it  why cant the US, UK, EU?' b'Prehistoric Complex Including Two 6,000 Y.O Tombs Discovered' b'When Frank McGarahan saw a homeless man being beaten up, he stepped in  and paid for his courage with his life.' b'This is what Canadas government is doing Money earmarked to support wind energy producers was diverted to research and development in the oil patch in backroom budget wrangling  lets bring down these SOBs ' b'The Generation Born of Rape during the Rwandan Genocide  I must be honest with you I never loved this child' b'Damn, this is cruel, even for the Middle East Palestinians with critically ill babies denied treatment unless they collaborate with Israeli intelligence ' Iran's elections are a few hours away LA Times had a good piece this morning on the current climate in Iran b'Sports car maker Koenigsegg buys Saab' b'I wandered in a sea of green ribbons, hats, banners and bandannas to a rally at which Ahmadinejad was mocked as a midget and Moussavis wife, Zahra Rahnavard, sporting a floral hijab that taunted greyblack officialdom, warned the president that If there is vote rigging, Iran will rise up.' Shell brutality not restricted to Nigerians  troublesome Irish fisherman's boat sunk by masked Shell security personnel It is getting harder to hide the superiority complexity of the settler movement I don't believe in western morality, i.e. don't kill civilians or children ... don't shoot until they shoot first because it is immoral b'2 Japanese arrested after trying to smuggle $134 bil worth of U.S. bonds into Switzerland  WTF?' b'Gaddafi It is not a piracy, it is self defense. It is defending the Somalia children's food!''' b'A 72yearold greatgrandmother in Texas has threatened to sue police after an officer tased her.' b'Venezuela bans Coke Zero, cites danger to health' b'The global economic meltdown has claimed an unexpected victim North Koreas chain of restaurants in Southeast Asia. Though staunchly socialist at home, the North Korean government has been quite successful in running capitalist enterprises abroad.' b'European election 60% abstain; big gains for the right; revolutionary left wins seats in Portugal and Ireland' b'WHO declares pandemic level 6. Fearmongering to continue at levels not seen since 1968.' b'Who Is Winning the Arctic Game of Monopoly?' b'Police count the cost of migrants' b'Free Wifi internet for Romanians ' b'WHO World now at the start of 2009 influenza pandemic' b'In the Name of Mine. El Salvador's civil war, 1980's. Americanbacked death squads terrorize the countryside. Several brave journalists spent weeks with the FMLN resistance, filming their fight for justice. Part 1 of 8.' b'Peled proposes Israeli sanctions on US' b'Canada to stop producing medical isotopes.' b'Indian Prostitutes Learn Karate To Fight Johns, Pimps' India lodges protest against Chinese drugs with fake 'Made in India' tag You should know 1/4 of China's territory has been cut off from Internet and rest of the world for 15 weeks now. b'Constant Surveillance Rankles Britons spying on people who fail to recycle, people who put their trash out too early, people who sell fireworks without licenses, people whose dogs bark too loudly and people who illegally operate taxicabs.' b'Hundreds of people threw shoes, shouted Terrorist! and burned him in effigy as George Bush spoke in Montreal' b'Man trying to flag down a cab is beaten then run over for touching a passing SUV' Europe's New Tactic with Asylum Seekers Send Them Home b'Rapists, hunger and hyenas stalk displaced Somali women' b'[ UK ] Former Government adviser Labour threw open Britain's borders to mass immigration to help socially engineer a truly multicultural country' b'The UK is in the longest recession since records began.' b'poll done for BBC Newsnight on Thursday 22nd October showed that twice as many people sympathise with postal workers rather than the Royal Mail management in the postal dispute' b'The Geopolitics Behind the Phoney U.S. War in Afghanistan' b'With the economy tanking, wars to fight, unemployment up, and a multitude of other very pressing things to deal with, the government decides to take on cyclists ' b'All that really remains for the Lisbon Treaty to become the law of Europe is the signature of one man, Czech President Vclav Klaus' b'The Palestinian president signed a decree on Friday calling for presidential and parliamentary elections on Jan. 24, a move likely to deepen the rift with the rival militant Hamas movement that rules the Gaza Strip. (AP)' b'[Video] Iranian students chant death to you (marg bar to) and my deceased brother, I will get your vote back! to former minister in Ahmadinejad's administration. Apparently a shoe was thrown as well.' b'A female journalist in Saudi Arabia has been sentenced to 60 lashes over a TV show in which a Saudi man described his extramarital sex life.  ' Female Saudi journalist to get 60 lashes  Program on Lebanese cable TV dealt with man's frank sex talk Purple blooms in Harare mask the rot in Mugabe's capital. Zimbabwe has burgeoned from 5 million to 12 million in a generation. Every nook and cranny is now occupied as rural folk drift to towns to seek, if not their fortunes, then jobs and subsistence. When you call on a journalist for professional medical opinions and info, he'll mistake H1N1 (Swine Flu) vaccines for smallpox vaccines b'Iran misses a deadline for responding to an offer for others to enrich its uranium' John DeTitta   My mind pulls me right all the time that's we I am spinning in circles b'AFP Top Iran officials question nuclear deal' b'Friendship U.S. warns Japan of serious consequences if it reneges on military package' b'Immigration to drive huge rise in Wales population' b'Thousands of Muslims have been traveling to Russia  hoping to see verses from the Qur'an appear on the  skin of a miracle baby.' This is what real refugee camps look like  even if their Muslim inhabitants aren't Arab enough to evoke the sympathy of coreligionists elsewhere. b'David Carradine Found Dead in Bangkok' b'Never before published photo, before shown only to friends, shows Tank Man from street level in the distance at left, framed by two tree trunks, on the verge of the confrontation with the tanks in the distance right. [PIC]' Mitsubishi corners 40% of the world market in bluefin tuna  one of the world's most endangered fish  freezing them for future sale in several years' time for astronomical sums when they become commercially extinct b'Chinese authorities on Tiananmen square use their umbrellas to cover the view whenever CNN tries to film something. Subtle. [video]' b'Chinese Police Armed With Umbrellas [vid]' b'Destroy their holy sites. Kill men, women and children, wrote Rabbi Manis Friedman who now claims the quote was misleading because they were the answer to a different question !' Another girls' school blown up in Pakistan b'Tank Man. Great Frontline Documentary about the Tiananmen Square protests that happened 20 years ago today.' b'International Media being blocked from filming in Tiananmen Square due to ridiculous and hilarious censorship method' b'PM Gordon Brown faces growing pressure to quit European, British polls, rebel MPs and Ministerial resignations' The US president paid tribute to Islam's influence on religion, culture and civilisation, and started with the traditional Arabic greeting assalaamu alaykum  peace be upon you  to thunderous applause. b'Chinese govt use umbrellas to stop foreign journalists recording around Tiananmen Square' b'Eddie Izzard says vote for anyone , even mice , not the BNP .Less than an hour to fight racists UK.' b'Infant formulas purchased from stores in Canada show widespread tainting with traces of melamine' b'A Turkish shopkeeper in Brighton, East Sussex, has been banned from selling alcohol until he learns to speak English well enough to ask customers their age. ' b'President Obama Speaks to the Muslim World from Cairo (VIDEO)' b'Iran first ever live TV presidential elections debate shows hardhitting encounter between Ahmadinejad and opponents' b'Slate.com has a great gallery remembering the Tiananmen Square protest and massacre' b'China ready to pounce on Tiananmen protests' b'Thinking of voting BNP ?' b'Boris falls into river' b'Appeals court reinstates lawsuit against Royal Dutch Shell PLC unit over the 1995 deaths of Nigerian activist Ken SaroWiwa and others' Actually, where I'm from June, 4th 1989 is celebrated as the day freedom finally triumphed after 50 long years The BNP want national service and a gun in every home . Refuse conscription and lose the right to vote , education and training . See page 52 ( google html version , it's that or a PDF) Air France Flight 447 'may have stalled at 35,000ft' b'From the CIA  a country by country comparison of account balances. Guess where the USA is...' b'According the the CIA, Israel account balance is +$1,893,000,000 while US balance is $568,800,000,000 , yet Israel is the country who benefits the most of US foreign aid, plus another approved $30 billion over the next ten years.' b'...Nothing less than a full moratorium on fishing in the Mediterranean can save the stocks now.  Tuna Trouble in Europe' b'Funny or Frightening  Kim Jongil played his first ever round of golf ... and, according to the state media, completed all 18 holes in a mere 34 shots, a score some 25 shots lower than the next best round in history.' b'Nowdeparted President Bush is a religious  crackpot, an exdrunk of small intellect who got  saved. He never should have been entrusted with  the power to start wars.' After almost 14 years of construction work and $460 million spent, Berlin opens the world's shortest metro line (1.1 mile). b'A dark day for Chinese liberals What we are witnessing now is a systematic campaign unparalleled since the beginning of the Open Policy in 1978.' b'Majority of world population face water shortages unless action taken (UNNews)' b'Holy Crap! Recessionhit Cuba running out of toilet paper' Pictures show daylight 'killing' of suspect by Indian police b'Terrorism chief causes bomb scare with briefcase' A close associate of Pakistan's most wanted man, Baitullah Mehsud, who was reportedly killed in a US drone attack, has told the BBC he is alive. b'Blogger targeted possibly by Russian government for blogging on Twitter, Facebook, Google, et al;  We must all hang together, or assuredly we shall all hang separately. Benjamin Franklin ' b'Iran claims West fomented revolt by providing Twitter, Facebook and translation software. Perhaps this explains the Denial of Service attack on Twitter and Facebook this past week?' Iran puts French woman on trial accused of 'collecting information and provoking rioters' b'China leads in global green jobs race ' b'Pro and AntiImmigration Forces Fight Rise of Immigrants in Israel' b'Global population, estimates and projections (billions)' b'Taliban rivals in deadly shootout  Potential successor to slain leader may have been killed' tehran times   Iran's 'innovative weaponry' to surprise invaders commander  I think it is a giant goatse sign  b'Police Seize $2 Million in Counterfeit Currency in Ecuador' b'The Case for Leaving Iraq  NOW' NORAD's alternate command center illustrated b'The Irreversible Decline of the Arab (and Muslim) World' b'Iran Resumes Mass Trial of Activists and Protesters'