 The Flotilla Attack may bring major consequences says UN Expert Because Israel attacked in international waters a ship that was populated and flagged by a signatories of the ICC Rome Statute, it is now possible that Israel will be brought before the International Criminal Court to face charges. U.N. Report finds Israel summarily executed U.S. citizen on flotilla We often make the mistake of believing that Americans were better behaved 50 or so years ago. CIA Escalates Campaign in Pakistan  The U.S. military is secretly diverting aerial drones and weaponry from the Afghan battlefront to significantly expand the CIA's campaign against militants in their Pakistani havens. The EU is taking the UK government to court for invasion of internet privacy. This is what the EU is for.  A bumpier but freer road  India's growth should soon outstrip China's, because India has a younger population and a freer economy. But can India can stay ahead, given its poor infrastructure, low skills, bad schools, patchy government? Foxconn raises pay rates by two third at Chinese factory to combat low morale Egypt's new political dawn The emergence of Mohamed ElBaradei as a political player has led Egyptians to dream of a more democratic society.  A new computer game where players assume the roles of border guards and shoot people trying to escape from communist East Germany has unleashed a storm of controversy in Germany. The game's creator says he wanted to teach young people about history, but he has been accused of glorifying violence. US apologises for '40s syphilis study in Guatemala  Enough said, now move along. If you say you're sorry that is the main thing isn't it? North Korea's New Collective Leadership  Clear, brisk interview with foreignpolicy expert, on Kim JongIl's succession strategy. Which consists of putting country in hands of an untested 26yearold, his alcoholic aunt, and her husband, the army boss The battle over the rebuilding of the central train station in Stuttgart, Germany, has escalated massively. Angela Merkel has pushed strongly for the project this week, and the harsh response by police to protesters could come back to haunt both the chancellor and her party. France to Take Roma Fingerprints  Truthdig In spite of the upswing in their country's fortunes under President Lula da Silva, many Brazilians continue to leave their home in search of a better life in the United States. Yet Mexico's drug war represents a dangerous hurdle in the path of many illegal migrants. Nokia runs all the way to the bank with  bankless money transfer by phone, aimed at people living on under $2 a day Former Pakistani military ruler Musharraf launches new political party  Afghan insurgents caused Canadian chopper crash  An investigation by Canadian military officials has confirmed that insurgents in Afghanistan were responsible for forcing down a Chinook helicopter in August. Travel Advisory China Warns Nationals Against Travel to Japan Following Right Wing Attack on Chinese Tour Bus BBC News  Druidry to be classed as religion by Charity Commission Iran 'detains western spies' after cyber attack on nuclear plant China Launches Moon Probe  Indonesian train crash kills at least 36 Chinese Spring for $6K Toilets  Chinas surging economy has created a new middle class leading to a demand for fancy toilets Pakistan floods 'When the children come running, it makes my heart drop' China Makes Greece An Offer They Can't Refuse China offers to buy Greek debt. Hundreds of girls are being forced by UK's Islamic schools to wear the Islamic veil. Move is heavily criticised by mainstream Muslims as setting dangerous precedent and that children attending such schools were being brainwashed U.N. Report finds Israel summarily executed U.S. citizen on flotilla Afghanistan has formally banned eight foreign private security firms, including the controversial company formerly called Blackwater, a spokesman for Afghan president Hamid Karzai said. Has anyone else heard of the labour strikes in China? Seven out of 10 teachers want to quit, (UK survey) BBC's map of Israeli settlements in the West Bank. Holy shit. How can anyone possibly believe they're going to give any of these back? Airbus, the world's biggest aeroplane maker, will carry out a greater proportion of engineering work in India in the future as a direct result of a dearth of qualified engineers in the UK, Germany and France. Syrian Actress, Igraa, Tests Boundaries Again  After 15 years of selfimposed seclusion, she has returned as a ferocious critic of the Islamist wave sweeping the Middle East, and her courage has drawn the admiration of a younger and more constrained generation of actors and filmmakers. Ireland's young are on the march again. The financial meltdown is turning it into a land of emigrants once more. France to take Roma fingerprints Despite criticism over its Roma deportations, France is moving to prevent those who leave the country from returning 2 Israelis Convicted for Using Boy as Shield in Gaza War  NYTimes.com A glimpse of the unbridled sadism that pervades the IDF An IDF unit prevents bleeding pregnant woman from going to the hospital... listen to the commander cooing as he tells the ambulance to turn around and go the way it came Australia's dark heart 20 kidnapped in Mexican resort city of Acapulco The Japan Syndrome  China's teetering on the verge of its own lost decade, and a meltdown in Beijing would make Japan's economic malaise look like child's play. CIA backed by drones in Pakistan China's premier Freedom of speech 'indispensable' Betrayal  Excellent Canadian documentary about the effects of child abuse in the Catholic Church. Ireland At economic ground zero Ahmadinejad verbally pwned by own parliament 9/11 conspiracy theories rife in Muslim world AP  Taxpayer money funneled to Taliban USAID report finds Afghan subcontractors were likely paying a protection tax to local insurgents, including the Taliban. Hizbullah have turned a Lebanese bunker into a theme park of wars against Israel, complete with tanks and rocket launchers. France v the world How the Romani row has dented Frances international standing  The girl was 16. She was raped by men from a higher caste, and her father committed suicide from the shame. The reaction of her community? To call for a change in the age of consent Methane warning in New Zealand mine was ignored 21 times before the 2010 explosion that killed 29 workers Germany is leading a growing European movement to let newspaper publishers charge internet search engines for displaying links to their articles  a move marketleader Google warns could cause an internet news blackout. HSBC fears U.S. money laundering fines to top $1.5 billion Tortured to death by Putin's jackboot state Inside the ratinfested Gestapolike Russian prison where eight guards beat lawyer who exposed Moscow's gangster regime Pakistani couple arrested over acid attack on daughter Pakistani Taliban target female students with acid to their faces in hopes to deter them from education High quality Afghan saffron is repackaged as Iranian product, causing the price of the spice to plummet, causing farmers to switch to poppy harvesting to make ends meet Despite billions of dollars spent, Japan's American made missile defenses were unable to track N. Korea's April missile launch  that crashed into the ocean.  Syrian army shells Damascus Palestinian camp, killing at least 20 Mexican officials capture key lieutenant of Sinaloa drug cartel South Korea has shut down two nuclear reactors after it was revealed that some parts used had not been properly vetted, an official says. A new policy in India people will 'shout, beat drums or blow a whistle' if they see anyone urinating or defecating in the open. Palestinian leader violates taboo on refugees. The Palestinian president has set off a strident debate by shattering a onceinviolable taboo, publicly suggesting his people would have to relinquish claims to ancestral homes in Israel. South Korea Hopes Gangnam Style will Boost nation's economy China Diabetes Triples Creating $3.2 Billion Drug Market 3 Japanese Tourists Die on Great Wall of China  They were trapped in sudden heavy snowstorms overnight.  Unusually early storms caused Beijing to issue its 2ndhighest blizzard alert.  In 24 hrs,  5.8 cm (2.3 ins) of rain & snow fell, trapping 100s of cars.
 Gunfire heard near Turkish PM's office  Children 'with no state' in UK France's governing Socialist Party hit back hard at the Roman Catholic Church on Sunday for campaigning against its plan to legalize samesex marriage, heralding a bruising debate over the issue. Evidently, Israel Already Tried to Attack Iran Sir David Attenborough picks 10 animals he would take on his ark Chinese Patrol Boats Relentlessly Harass Japanese Coast Guard Many Times a Week in Island Dispute  Chinese ships push within hailing distance of Japan's & flash signs claiming the islands. China says it's chased them away at least once, but Japan denies it.  Kuwaiti security forces fired tear gas to disperse an unauthorized demonstration on Sunday by thousands of opposition supporters against new voting rules for parliamentary elections on December 1. Russian minister No need for U.N. resolution to end violence in Syria The British have invaded nine out of ten countries  Masks banned in Canadian riots, just in time for Anonymous day of action Canada's House of Commons approved Bill C309 that bans people from hiding their faces at all during riots Pakistani Taliban target female students with acid attack. It's the latest cruel tactic in the Pakistani Taliban's battle to stop girls and women from getting an education UK millionaire admits plot to sell missile parts to Iran after US sting operation Kurdish prisoners in Tureky have been on Hunger Strike for over 50 days now. Some are nearing death. China formally expels disgraced politician Bo Xilai from party, paving way for his criminal prosecution  He's accused of corruption & of bending the law to hush up his wife's murder of a British businessman. He's yet to be formally charged.  HSBC makes almost 100million from bankrolling Malaysian rainforest destruction, watchdog claims Foreigners  so the adage goes  are coming over here and stealing our jobs. Now it seems they are coming over here and stealing our immigrants. Canada is courting Polish migrants living in Britain in an attempt to persuade them to abandon our shores in favour of a new life in Canada. Iran suspends uranium enrichment Berlin is enjoying a cycling boom, with miles of new cycle paths and more than half a million bike journeys made every day  but controverisally, a helmet is rarely seen. Syrian Rebels Seize Their 1st Oilfield  
The opposition movement has taken over one of the country's major oilfields.  Rebels, who face the superior firepower of regime forces, also seized a tank, armoured vehicles & ammunition. Inside Israel's nuclear wargames  Israeli military leaders have conducted a war game simulating a strike on Iranian nuclear facilities, five days after the US Presidential elections. They concluded such an operation could be pulled off without plunging the whole region into war.  Bahrain Goes From Bad to Worse On Tuesday, the government took the remarkable step of declaring a ban on all public rallies and demonstrations 10 More Shooting Deaths  in Brazil's Sao Paulo Metropolitan Area in Past 24 Hours in  Worsening Wave of Violence Targeting  Military Police   The violence is linked to an undeclared war between  military police &  prison drugtrafficking gang, PCC (1st Command of the Capital). Seven years after the riots, the suburbs of Paris still simmer with resentment 'A skeleton dug up in a car park has triggered a tugofwar between two English cities, with the royals, the govt and the Church involved  because the bones are thought to be those of King Richard III.' Japan refuses to register trans man as father on birth certificate Iran Sanctions Take Unexpected Toll on Medical Imports The Continuing Nightmare of Poland's 2010 Smolensk Plane Crash  The disaster, which killed the country's former president and his entourage, is still a source of major political tension.  Wrong body buried. China, Russia Block Plan to Protect Antarctic Waters  Proposals to establish marine reserves in 2 critical areas stymied by Russia, China & Ukraine at  international summit in Australia. Commercial fishing restrictions in the proposed sanctuaries were the sticking point. Syrian Army Headquarters Bombed; Rebels Seize Oilfield Zetas cartel occupies Mexico state of Coahuila  The aggressively expanding and gruesomely violent Zetas group dominates territory by controlling all aspects of local criminal businesses. Chinese factory giant employed underage interns on assembly line  Youths Executed in Nigerian City   Dozens of young men have been shot  by the military.  An imam says  11 youths from his street alone were killed, including 4 of his sons.  The killings happened as Amnesty International accused  security forces of abuses in its crackdown on Islamist militants. France to oppose those creating instability in Lebanon Hollande
| Top News
| Reuters Poll Israel viewed negatively around the world,  BBC survey measures public opinion on 22 countries, places Israel in company of North Korea, ahead of only Iran, Pakistan.
 Korean Christians and Protestants continue vandalism acts on Buddhist Temples Canada's legal hemp industry growing  Business  CBC News French gay marriage and adoption bill backed by cabinet. Outrageous plan for $264 billion megacity in Korea Story about explosives in Polish plane crash that 
killed president false; editor dismissed Israel to counter Palestinian attempt at UN  If the Palestinians go to the UN General Assembly with a new unilateral initiative, they must know they will be subject to severe measures by Israel and the United States, the station quoted Lieberman as saying on October 24. Chinas Communist Party Congratulates Obama on Victory  South African police have been accused of planting weapons near the bodies of workers killed during strikes at the Marikana platinum mine. Photographs taken by police suggested large knives had been placed near the bodies after they had been shot, a lawyer told an inquest into the deaths. Unable to copy it, China tries building own jet engine
| Reuters Chinese author tells of his Tibetan wife being ejected from Beijing, and himself threatened to leave his 90 year old grandmother behind, ahead of the 18th People's Congress, and how things would get uncomfortable for him if he chose to stay.  He has stayed. The reelection of Barack Obama may open an opportunity for new negotiations with Iran on its nuclear program as sanctions pile economic pressure on its theocratic leaders.
 Girls in care homes 'gangraped'  Mirror Online Turkey conducts ground raid against Kurd militants in Northern Iraq. BBC News  Microsoft ditches Windows Live Messenger for Skype Canada tightens its borders after Tuesday, November 6th to prevent illegal migration from the US. Pakistan parents killed daughter with acid for eyeing boy  World  CBC News Bahraini authorities have revoked the citizenship of 31 Shia activists, among them two former members of parliament, for having undermined state security, state news agency BNA reported Wednesday. China's outgoing leader and his likely successor are pushing the ruling Communist Party to adopt a more democratic process this month for choosing a new leadership, sources said, in an attempt to boost its flagging legitimacy in the eyes of the public. Russia's largest bank will offer the 100 best customers of its Kazakhstani branch a solid gold credit card encrusted with 26 diamonds, although they will have to carry an ordinary plastic card to use in cash machines. The card itself will cost $65,000 India and Canada finalise conditions of nuclear deal  Britain condemns Israel's new construction plans beyond the Green Line Mumbais Historic Haji Ali Bans Women From Most Sacred Area South Korea widened a probe into how thousands of parts for its nuclear reactors were supplied using forged safety documents, with regulators set to inspect all 23 of the country's facilities  a move that could test public support for the industry and threaten billions of dollars worth of exports Sandy UN to send emergency food aid to stormhit Cuba Harassers of women in Cairo now face wrath of vigilantes. 'More and more groups are emerging to make protecting women  and shaming the donothing police  a cause' Skype illegally distributed a user's personal information to a private company during a Dutch police investigation into Anonymoussanctioned cyberattacks on PayPal The world's rarest whale, known until 
now just by three partial skulls,  seen 
for first time Israel has announced plans to press ahead with construction of 1,213 homes on annexed West Bank land, defying international opposition to its settlement policies Malawi suspends laws against homosexual relationships Scots Farmers to Reap Solar Power Harvest  News of bringing solar power to Scotland on a large scale comes days after the govt announced new target to meet 1/2 Scotlands electricity needs from renewable sources by 2015. Its aim is to become 100% renewable by 2020.

 Murdered Briton Neil Heywood was MI6 informant  The British businessman murdered in China, regularly provided information on Bo Xilai, the powerful politician, to MI6 before he was killed.  Russian attack sub detected near U.S. East Coast Chinese court sentences drug gang to death Montreal mayor, Gerald Tremblay resigns amid corruption allegations Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, is spending the equivalent of $23.5 Million taxpayer's money to build himself a homestead complete with an underground bunker. Britain's highest earners pocket twenty times more tax relief on pension contributions than ordinary workers  North Korea Threatens War at UN Assembly, Withdraws from NPT Moscow pledges to stop arms shipments to Syria  Indian Officer builds 100km long road to connect an inaccessible village without government help..   Ed Miliband has unveiled plans to deliver a living wage of at least 7.45 per hour for millions of people, if Labour wins the next election. Boeing to clinch $2.4 billion Indian Air Force deal over Russian Mi26 UK and Germany agree tax crackdown on multinational companies Global Domination? Whoa, Canada! [T]here is a new and unfamiliar wind blowing in the Northone of national ambition and passionate, even aggressive, patriotism. Its proponents seek to transform Canada from the polite and accommodating country...into a major, muscular force on the world stage. Canada's legal hemp industry growing Greek workers stage mass antiausterity walkout A Dying Model Chinese Capitalism Chinas economic growth has been based on the intense exploitation of a large cheap labor force, unusually high investment rates, and exports to western markets.  Egyptian Vigilantes Crack Down on Abuse of Women  NYTimes.com Report says Syrian generals defect to Turkey Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed Defence Minister Anatoly Serdyukov on Tuesday after the ministry was drawn in to an investigation into allegations of fraudulent sales of military assets. Amsterdam will not ban tourists from coffee shops, says mayor France deports radical imam for advocating holy war, violence against women Argentina lowers voting age to 16 Nigerian state makes it a crime to accuse children of witchcraft or sorcery 
Israel Fesses Up to Killing Arafat Deputy in 1988
 Sweden pays jobless youth to move to Norway  The global gap between rich and poor is at its highest level for 20 years and is growing Iran Offers to Send Emergency Aid Team to Hurricane Stricken New York Waves of anger Japan tsunami victim aid spent on whalers, officials and fighter pilots Have Indias poor become human guinea pigs? Language skills Scandinavia tops the list of countries in the world (none native english speakers) when it comes to English skills | The Economist Europe's oldest prehistoric town unearthed in Bulgaria  The walled fortified settlement, near the modern town of Provadia, is thought to have been an important centre for salt production. Archaeologist says prehistoric town unearthed in Bulgaria is the oldest urban settlement found to date in Europe Russia Set To Redefine Treason, Sparking Fears
 Russia internet censorship law takes effect Dead Sea Shrinking at Record Rate  Water loss  prompts calls for Israel & Jordan to stop fertilizer makers from siphoning so much of the water whose restorative powers have attracted visitors since biblical times.  1/2 the drop  caused by Israel Chemicals Ltd. & Jordan's Arab Potash Co.
 Bank of England director Occupy was right Wary of Future, Professionals Leave China in Droves Nervous on the Nile Minorities Fear End of Secularism in Egypt  Taking office as Egypt's president, Morsi pledged a pluralist policy respecting rights of women & nonMuslim minorities. But his actions show he plans to replace his predecessor's secularist dictatorship with an Islamist one.  Nearly 60,000 people have perished since 2006 in the Mexican governments militaryled offensive against the countrys drug cartels. China proposes new initiatives for Syria ceasefire  China said on Thursday it had proposed a new initiative to head off an escalation of violence in Syria, including a phased, regionbyregion ceasefire and the establishment of a transitional governing body. Mexico 'smugglers' car' gets stuck atop US border fence Iran Offers to Send Emergency Aid Team to Hurricane Stricken New York  NYTimes.com Britons Abandon Thousands of Pets Amid Economic Pain  Nearly 16,000 more animals were abandoned last year than in 2007 & convictions for animal cruelty rose 23.5% in the last 5 years India Nearly 300 Wild Elephant Deaths in Orissa, Over 1/3 Killed by Electric Shock & Hanging Electricity Wires   Other causes of deaths  include poaching, poisoning by farmers, & being hit by trains.  Shrinking habitat has led to conflict with people & the deaths of many of the protected animals.
 Body of carrier pigeon carrying a WWII coded message  in a telltale red capsule on its leg was found in an English house chimney  Gen. Montgomery's headquarters were in a  nearby hotel. British code breakers are working on the message. Pussy Riot should not be in jail, says Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev  A German who volunteered to fight for the Taliban quit after becoming disheartened by the violence and annoyed with the group's macho and drugtaking world. HSBC Bank Caught in New Drug Money Laundering Scandal Sixyearold girl stabbed to death for being noisy in class in India The Saudis are bulldozing Islam's heritage In Mecca, the house of one of Mohammeds wives has been demolished to make space for public lavatories. His birthplace may disappear, too, as part of King Abdullahs scheme to complement the skyscrapers and shopping malls with a Grand Mosque... Australia's oldest most prestigious Catholic college house in state of anarchy, like 90's college movies but somewhat terrifying India Food Scam  Private Companies Eat Up Program Meant to Provide Food to Poor Children & Their Mothers  Corporatecontractor lobby hijacked  govt's flagship program,  forming shell agencies to bid for contracts on the pretext of being women's organizations. 
 Rupert Murdoch, a tottering, cowardly supplicant and a prime candidate for criminal prosecution  Acapulco mayor plans to fire 500 police officers because they failed tests used to identify corrupt officers Pakistan acid honour killing Parents arrested after 15yearold girl dies UK man sentenced for shouting at UK prime minister David Cameron. A fish fight is brewing in Canada as an eagerly anticipated report on the fate of sockeye salmon blames the federal govt for weakening environmental laws meant to protect the fishes' habitat  Govt employees are confused by their dual mandate to protect wild fish while also promoting fishfarming. Swiss Environmentalists Submit Bill Aimed at Halting Immigration  The group, which claims to be opposed to all forms of xenophobia & racism, insists Switzerland must limit immigration to avoid urbanisation & to preserve its agricultural land & breathtaking nature. Australia closes doors to N Korean refugees   Greece is governed by a corrupt clique, says Kostas Vaxevanis Underage Teens put in Solitary Confinement for upwards of 5 months in Victorian adult jail system  Australia Bananas could replace potatoes in warming world  Climate change could lead to crops from the banana family becoming a critical food source for millions of people, a new report says. BBC News  North Korea Ryugyong 'Hotel of Doom' may open next year China flexes military muscle with J31 stealth jet  The Times of India Germany's Merck halts supply of cancer drug to Greek hospitals An Inside Look at World War II's Bloodiest Battle Aftermath Of Hurricane Sandy Leaves Haiti Facing New Disaster While The World's Attention Has Focused On The US, The Suffering And Consequences For The Caribbean Nation Are Far Greater Kill 60 Rats, Get A Cellphone From South African Charity Russian PM argues for Pussy Riot members release The home front Man builds 60ftlong World War I trench in his back garden  and then invites history buffs round for reenactment Pakistani couple kill daughter for talking to a boy Thousands of Iranians chanting Death to America burnt US flags on Friday to mark the 33rd anniversary of the seizure of the US embassy in Tehran Pakistani coupe kill their daughter by pouring acid on her face when she was found talking to a boy China opposition party lasts a day, founder gets 8 years in prison Hyundai, Kia admit to bogus fuel efficiency claims Vigilantes SprayPaint Sexual Harassers In Cairo  NPR In Africa, imprisoned at the hospital until bills are paid  In Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo, as in many places in Africa, hospital patients don't get to leave until they pay their bill. And every day they stay, the bill gets higher. They're prisoners of their medical debt. A row has broken out after the leader of the Roman Catholic Church in Scotland was named Bigot of the Year by gay rights charity Stonewall Montreal, Canada engineer details 20 years of bribes Syrian rebels execute unarmed government soldiers; dozens killed in fighting  Australian Foreign Minister Bob Carr commits $100m to tackle malaria in the Asia Pacific region Ireland's former richest man, Sean Quinn, sentenced to 9 weeks in prison  Gunmen occupy Libyan parliament. Killings by Syrian rebels caught on video appear to be war crime, UN says  thestar.com Return of the Czech communists the country's hardline Communists are now the second most popular party, and could enter government in a matter of weeks. This would make the Czech Republic the first postcommunist European country in which a communist party returned to power Sean Quinn, once Ireland's richest man, is given 9 week jail term Greek court dismisses charges against 'Lagarde List' journalist.  Greek journalist who published names of 2,000 suspected tax evaders acquitted  In Brazil, researchers genetically modifying mosquitoes to wipe out dengue fever Iskandar Malaysia the green megacity rising above Singapore  Planned ecocity for 3m people matches Luxembourg in size and showcases urban 21stcentury smartliving, say developers Japan protests after new report of incident involving drunken US serviceman. A U.S. airman is suspected of assaulting a young boy Friday on the southern Japanese island of Okinawa U.S. quietly eases rules on sale of medicines to Iran  Hit by crisis, Greek society in freefall  Is this the darkest day for Russia under Putin yet? b'Tamil tigers concede, 25 year civil war comes to an end' b'Soylent Green was...  Neanderthals, apparently...' b'France to Declassify Transsexuality as a Mental Illness' Norway's Nat. Pension Fund, the world's largest, to consider divesting from Israel, pursuant to West Bank ethics tour. b'Montreal cop cuffs, busts and fines student $450 for not holding escalator rail in subway.' b'Gay Parades Satanic Moscow Mayor' b'Further demonstration of how Israel tries to dehumanize the Gaza Strip' We're all the pirate bay b'Armed security officials have maintained the secretive Bilderberg Group session in an atmosphere of almost hysterical paranoia, to keep all media out' Kuwait has elected its first female MPs following the oilrich country's third general election in three years b'Suu Kyi to protest innocence at trial' b'Kuwaiti women win first Parliamentary seats' b'When photos lie  winning sympathy for the LTTE and outrage towards the Sri Lankan government' b'The Berlin Airlift' b'Thousands of civilians flee as Islamists prepare to seize Somalia capital' b'What Would Drug Legalization Look Like In Colombia?' Cuba's Undersea Oil Could Help Thaw Trade With U.S. b'UK Gov't lies exposed Spy visited Binyam Mohamed in Morocco..and that person was back in the UK while the razor blades were still being taken to Mohameds genitals.' b'Inside Eurovision, the campest show on earth. Outside riot police round up Moscows gays' b'Burma bars lawyer for Suu Kyi' b'Uruguay lifts ban on gays serving openly in the military. ' b'Feeling the heat A short humorous account of a BBC reporter on election time in India If you ever wondered how hot it can get in India, this little gem helps in getting an idea..' Australia's Economic CPR b'ISAF Afghan war statistics show 55% increase in Western troop deaths, April 2009  Wikileaks' b'First women elected to Kuwait parliament' b'Congress wins Indian elections Dr.Manmohan Singh first Primeminister to retun to office after a full term since Jawaharlal Nehru' b'Moscow police violently break up gay pride rally ' b'Landmark study finds that Israel has become a colonial enterprise which implements a system of apartheid' Hong Kong 'acid attack' hurts 30 b'Phony cops break 59 drug gang members from Mexico prison' b'Sri Lanka army declares victory in civil war over Tamil Tiger rebels' b'Spectre of Mass Suicide as Tamil Tigers Face Final Battle' b'Venezuela seizes US pasta company' b'Some pornstar named Laura Perego was in Rome or is from Rome and decided to get political, so she hit up the Embassy of Afghanistan, got naked and protested the whole law allowing men to rape their wives' b'Gay protest broken up in Moscow' b'Rabbi asked Pope to remove or at least cover his cross when visiting the Western Wall, and other Jewish Israeli attitudes towards Christians' b'Sri Lankan troops closed in for what they said would be the last hours of their 25year war ' b'RAND Report Highlights Jihadism in European Prisons.....The UK being the worst......' b'49% of Americans believe that if Israel attacks Iran then the US should help Israel' b'Ready to Inhale France Legalizes Poppers' b'Intel Could Face Civil Charges in Europe' China's first sex park stirs up controversy b'Fears of mass suicide as Tamil Tigers face final defeat' b'Slashdot | YouTube Video Sends Guatemala Into Crisis' b'...where I spent most of my days / Chilling out, maxing, relaxing all cool...' Video What's behind the latest NATO / USA aggression in the Caucasus? b'Love and Truth in a Material World The Weakerthans, None of the Above' b'Russian police violently break up mosscow gay rights march' b'Undercover Mosque producer David Henshaw makes Galloway squirm, heaps ridicule during interview on Press TV.' b'Pakistan to attack Taliban in Bin Ladens lair  Times Online' b' Unsung hero  The only reason we know anything about all those claims for light bulbs and moat cleaning is that campaigning journalist Heather Brooke has spent the last five years fighting tooth and nail for MPs to come clean about their expenses ...' Noticed an unusual, strong burst of proisrael comments? Here's why... b'The world elite meets again for Bilderberg Nothing. Nothing is happening here. Nothing to report. There's none. Not a single member of the mainstream press.' b' Boycott Israel campaign starts to bite' b'If you are watching this message, it is because I was assassinated by President Alvaro Colom...' b'Muslim famous for predicting a totally Islamified Britain, has resigned in disgrace after being revealed as the biggest swindler of them all, ripping off taxpayers more than any other single member of parliament.' b'Australian immigration authorities told a detainee they were taking his daughter shopping before they sent her back to Iran ' b'Guatemala arrests Twitter user for inciting financial panic' b'Our man at Bilderberg Close, but still no cabal' Our man at Bilderberg in pursuit of the world's most powerful cabal&lt;br /&gt; 'Slumdog' (Salim) child star's home torn down b'Author Dan Brown feels the wrath of Catholics' b'Sweden wants to force ISPs to save user data' b'German government has predicted the economy will shrink 6% this year' b'Bishop of Baghdad worried that Christianity would become extinct in the Middle East' b'Piratebay DDo$ attack site (http//internetavgift.se/) has been reported to the police' b'Thousands flee Pakistan fighting' b'Polica Nacional del Per Gay Sex Tarnishes the Badge' Shadowy Bilderberg group meet in Greeceand here's their address b'Vietnam veteran on spiritual quest lands Aung San Suu Kyi in prison ' b'Avigdor Lieberman  To ban Israeli Arabs from marking the anniversary of the Nakba' b'Paul Craig Roberts on the Global AntiSemitism Review Act' b'The rich, shadowy Bilderberg group' The World's Best Illusion The Secret of the Curve Ball Defining 'Success' Down b'I was murdered by president Alvaro Colom' b'Everyone is very angry with this wretched American. He is the cause of all these problems. He's a fool.  Way to really blow it for Suu Kyi, dude.  ' b'Israel moves on plan to annex Palestinian land, cut West Bank in two.' Russia warns of war within a decade over Arctic oil and gas riches as 'nations struggle for control of the worlds dwindling energy reserves.' b'40,000yearold figurine thought to be the oldest example of human representation  Clearly carved by a breast man ' b'Gaza man Israeli troops forced me to drink urine ' b'Russia warns of war over Arctic resources' Gordon Brown's government has repeatedly blamed Iceland for its own financial failures. It's time to set the record straight. b'Ailing Suu Kyi taken to prison reports' It's a bird, it's a plane. No, no, it's cocaine  Spanish study shows cocaine in the air in Madrid and Barcelona. b'Poll 59% of Venezuelans back Chavez' b'EU Slaps Intel with $1.43B Antitrust Fine, AMD Reprieved' b'The Seal Men of Korea' b'Pakistans religious minorities live in terror, Long live Taliban! Death to infidels!, Christians flee for their lives.' b'The number of Arab Christians has plummeted across the Mideast in recent years as increasing numbers seek to move to the West, saying they feel increasingly unwelcome in the Middle East' Israeli Politician Jokes About Starving Children 'The idea is to put the Palestinians on a diet, but not to make them of hunger' b'Prominent Civil Rights Lawyer Arrested in Zimbabwe' Burma's Suu Kyi 'to be charged' b'British Association for Adoption and Fostering Critics of gay parenting are 'retarded homophobes'. ' b'Finland ignored warnings of prisoner prostitution in Afghanistan' b'Men should hold onto dongs... [Seriously, this belongs in world news]' b'Obsession with Naked Women Dates Back 35,000 Years' Burma's bad ass ruling military junta They want jail Suu Kyi for upto five years for being nice to an US citizen. Saudi Judge Causes Uproar For Saying It's Okay For Men To Beat Their Wives b'Swine flu infected Mexico's relations with friendly countries' Cipla, the Indian drug company that cut prices of cancer drugs earlier this year, slashes prices of three more cancer drugs by 63%... Five Muslim extremists attacked a gay club in Paris beating the bouncers and spraying some attendants, including the vice president of IDAHO, with tear gas UK campaigners call for Nobel Prize for shot Pakistani girl. Tens of thousands of Britons called on the government on Friday to nominate Malala Yousufzai, a Pakistani girl shot in the head by the Taliban for advocating girls' education, for the Nobel Peace Prize.
| Reuters Chavez to Obama forget global wars, fix domestic woes. The U.S. government's chief antagonist in Latin America, Hugo Chavez of Venezuela, has advised newly reelected U.S. President Barack Obama to avoid further entanglement in international conflicts and concentrate on fixing internal problems. Viagra patent tossed out by Supreme Court. Canada's top court has ruled that Pfizer's patent on its groundbreaking erectile dysfunction drug Viagra is void. How to Rob Africa
Why does the Western world feed Africa with one hand while looking the other way when billions in dirty money from corruption is channeled into bank accounts in Europe and the US. FIRST ON CNN  Iranian jets fire on U.S. drone  CNN Security Clearance  CNN.com Blogs Forget batteries scientists major breakthrough on how to best produce hydrogen for clean and renewable energy. North Korea has over 1 million cell phone users. People receive daily texts from government propaganda, are not allowed to make outside calls to other nations, and can only call users part of North Korea's network.  A mafia war is brewing in Montreal. A graft probe that cost the mayor his job and a string of killings in Quebecs biggest city are exposing deep mob connections. 2,400 yearold Thracian gold hoard found in Bulgaria. Beautiful and priceless artifacts... Iran fired on US drone Venezuela repays nearly half of $36 bln in Chinese loans Iran accused of torturing blogger to death 
Sattar Beheshti's family told of his death in prison a week after he was arrested for criticising Iran on Facebook Australia comes to its senses, abandons Internet filtering regime Anders Behring Breivik's prison conditions 'inhumane'. Assad There is no civil war in Syria. Syria's president insists there is no civil war in his country  rather, a new kind of battle he calls terrorism through proxies. Pakistani girl, 9, awarded as 'compensation' in dispute  Nearly half of Britons would vote in a referendum to leave the European Union and less than a third to stay in, according to a poll highlighting divisions facing Prime Minister David Cameron. 'Fake' Wine Hoard Found in China  Police find 10,000 bottles labelled 'Chateau Lafite Rothschild', one of the world's most expensive wines, in a deserted house.  The owner of the house was surprised by the find. 70% of Chateau Lafite sold in China are fakes. Iran's Ahmadinejad says anyone stockpiling atom bombs retarded
| Reuters Obama victory infuriates Pakistani drone victims Kyoto protocol Australia signs up to second phase Mass protest fills downtown Buenos Aires The Palestinian Authority circulated a draft resolution to U.N. member states on Wednesday that calls for upgrading its U.N. status to that of an observer state despite U.S. and Israeli suggestions that the Palestinians could face retaliatory moves.  Ancient Buddhist city of Mes Aynak will be destroyed,  turned into an open pit copper mine 7.4 Earthquake in Guatemala Athens ablaze as protesters try to storm parliament | World news | The Guardian South Korean activists float condoms into N.Korea New player in Earth 2.0 hunt seven times Earth size, 42 light years away, orbit within habitable zone. The Australian government has finally backed down on its plan for a controversial mandatory internet filter. Taliban commander I was relieved at the death of Osama Global warming in the next few years could place all of the disputed islands in the South China Sea under water, ending the possibility of a major war in Asia.  Despite 'The Cove' documentary winning an Oscar and raised public awareness, the inhuman slaughter of dolphins and pilot continues in Taiji, Japan. Egypt Moves to Ban Online Pornography South Koreas secret Runaway teen prostitution BBC tells star science presenter Brian Cox that impromptu extraterrestrial contact would break health and safety guidelines, stops him using Jodrell Bank to listen to possible candidate for alien life on live stargazing programme. Zimbabwe's tobacco growers angry at the WHO's antismoking stance. The tobacco crop makes up 26% of the country's foreign revenue. Tobacco one of the only viable cash crops for the country, as the country faces a food deficit. 4 Tibetans burn themselves as Chinese leaders' meet  Archaeologists Explore War Torn SyriaTurkey Border Site for 1st Time in 90 Yrs, Building on Work of Lawrence of Arabia, When Slabs Carved With Soldiers, Chariots, Animals & Kings Were Found, Along With Ruins of Palaces & Temples New Leaders Face China's Wealth Divide  As China's fortunes rise, more  wealth is going into fewer hands. China's top 10% of households surveyed have 57% of the country's total income & 85% of total assets. Inequality is no longer just a social issue.  Dalai Lama's Message to President Obama Syrian mortar shells land across Israeli border Forced labor in India Slavery in all but name  Egypt's prosecutorgeneral orders ban on porn websites Suspected French jihadist arrested in Mali. Prosecutors in France are investigating a French man suspected of entering Mali illegally to set up a jihadist cell in the country, where Paris believes there is a risk of militants planning an attack on French soil. Archaeologists find mammoth skeleton outside Paris Herd Of Drunken Elephants Ransack Indian Village After Drinking Purloined Liquor  Israel begins construction of 1,200 settler homes Warning to Palestinians to rethink plan to ask UN to recognize independent state of Palestine 7.4 earthquake kills at least 39 in Guatemala b'Afghanistan passes law making it illegal for a Shia Muslim woman to refuse to have sex with her husband, to leave the house without his permission or have custody of children. No wonder Canada is doubting whether the sacrifice of its soldiers lives is worth it.' b'If Israel is important because they receive American aid money, then pay some attention to Pakistan.  This situation is going from bad to batshit insane.' b'Pakistani president Osama bin Laden is dead' b'Reddit, I spent the morning writing you a brief history of the conflict in Sri Lanka and suggesting what it might be able to teach us.  I hope it encourages debate.' b'What police seem to have achieved is to search and seize first, and then place the onus on the individual to prove they have acted lawfully.' b'Roxana Saberi Free Not only was the case against her suspended by Iranian judges, the Iranian government has decided to free her immediately.' b'Tamil protesters block downtown Toronto highway ' PR Fail Chevron hires a reporter to do a video puff piece to counter a 60 Minutes story about how Chevron is accused of poisoning the rain forest. 60 Min. has 12 million viewers. Chevron's Youtube video has 2,000. b'Two Israeli citizens filed a criminal complaint against the Pope, for possesion of stolen artifacts from the Jewish Temple, destroyed in 70AD.' b'Men who were grossly overweight at the age of 18 had nearly 50 percent less chance of being married by their 30s and 40s, an international conference on obesity heard in Amsterdam on Thursday.' b'Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on the Taliban They're kind of a cancer created by both of us, Pakistan and America and the world.  We got together, we created this cancer to fight the superpower and then we went awayrather, you went away without finding a cure for it.' UN decries Sri Lanka 'bloodbath;' 106 children die b'and the blind shall see. 50 people in India damage their eyes looking at the Sun hoping to see the Virgin Mary.' b'Muslim  cleric speaks in turn during meeting with pope.  Pope doesn't walk out but leaves meeting on schedule  shaking cleric's hand as he does so.' b'I can, for example, publish an order that no material can be published. I can close a newspaper or shut down a station. I can do almost anything,  guess which country?' b'Jordanian King new Middle East peace proposal imminent' b'At least 133 Brit servicewomen have been sent home from Afghanistan and Iraq after getting pregnant. ' b'Iran to Release Jailed US Journalist' When I went to school I remember there was only 1 'fat' kid, today 62% of Australians are overweight! b'Somali Pirates are now Better Financed than the Regional Government Thanks to Ransom Payments' 'You probably think I'm a monster' b'According to the President of Pakistan, the CIA and ISI Together Created the Taliban' b'Australia Will Build Up Its Forces as China Rises' b'(UK) Tories next to feel heat on expenses' b'Lost boys of Swat flee for their lives as fighting rages' Sri Lanka and not Israel kills 378 civilians  Reddit doesn't give a fuck! b'If you are proPalestinian or proIsrael you are not helping us [Israelis and Palestinians], said &lt;Israeli whose son was killed by Palestinians&gt;. You are just feeling good about yourself.' b'Running Scared Disgraced British Parliament threatens police inquiry into leaks of their expense accounts. Perhaps there should be a police inquiry into their theft and corruption instead. ' b'In Ireland, a person who publishes or utters blasphemous matter shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable upon conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding 100,000' Chevron is Evil. There's no other way to encapsulate this...  b'Venezuela nationalizes 60 oil service companies' b'Mia Farrow ends her 12day fast for Darfur. Why isn't the plight of  over 1 million people at lifethreatening risk in Darfur getting more press coverage?!' b'More than 250 killed and hundreds of hurt between civilians in 24 hours in fights between Tamil Tigers and Sri Lanka Army' b'The silent wave of desertification in western China' b'Pakistan Urging Residents to Flee, Prime Minister  fight for the survival of the country' b'A day in Jerusalem New sexually segregated public bus lines  not just sending women to the back of the bus but on separate lines' b'Venezuela says 4 suspected terrorists detained' 'Say you weren't raped in jail and we'll let you live', pregnant British woman told in Laos prison b'Afghan president Karzai in move to share power with warlord wanted by US' Saudi judge It's OK to slap spendthrift wives  CNN.com b'Sri Lanka Artillery Barrage Kills 378, Doctor Says  ABC News' b'1200 Bodies counted, 106 of them...children. The aftermath of a Sri Lankan Offensive on Tamil Civilians Last night [WARNING  GRAPHIC PICTURES!]' b'NATO War Games In Georgia Threat Of New Caucasus War' b'Man swears to protect his city from injustice!' b'Local government officials in China have been ordered to smoke nearly a quarter of a million packs of cigarettes in a move to boost the local economy during the global financial crisis.' b'Sri Lankan Barrage Kills Hundreds As Offensive Continues' b'Uribe's Colombia Kill the Poor  poor, young men had been recruited from the slums of Bogota, promised wellpaying jobs, then murdered in cold blood and presented as having been killed in combat.' b'countries that spend more time eating have lower obesity rates' b'Iran to Reduce Number of Unnecessary Excecutions.  Funny way to put it, but still to be applauded, I guess.' b'How the Family of a Dissident Fled the Republic' b'11 year old girl allowed abortion after being raped by uncle, while Christian fundamentalists threaten against it. What kind of sick fucks want an 11 year old to bear a child forced onto her?' b'Bush is trying to impose a classic colonial status on Iraq. US efforts to force Iraqis to swallow permanent vassal status and give up control of their oil echoes British imperial history' b'Former Dutch prime minister accuses Israel of terrorism, of brutal treatment of the Palestinians, violating international law and implementing racist policies.' 1,000 people suffer horrific burns from 'toxic' leather sofas  (from China) b'India ready to nail it's last hallmark of quality, the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT).  The faculty for IIT will be appointed based on caste rather than qualification.' b'OPEC There is more than enough oil in the market to meet the international demand, devaluation of Dollar is the problem, and prepare to $170 a barrel before the end of the year' b'Why does democracy take priority over freedom?  Mugabe illustrates the difference' Rioters torched a police building and vehicles in southwest China on Saturday, in unrest triggered by allegations of a coverup over a girl's death 'We Could Do it Today' Israel Prepared to Use Force Against Iran b'The Ultimate Iranian Weapon Against U.S.' b'In a world with too many people Italy is paying some of them $15,000 to have babies but in some places the birthrate is so low that the population will be halved in 45 years. ' b'Info on animal rights arrests in Austria where the state is trying to destroy a very successful animal rights movement by locking up the leaders without evidence and using antiterrorist laws. ' b'European press leaks US military reports on nuclear weapons safety' Iraqi officials outraged by U.S. raid in prime minister's hometown b'Class Struggle and Resistance in Zimbabwe' b'In Yemen girls are married at 8 or younger, influenced by Mohammeds marriage to a 9yearold. Finally there is some movement against forcing little girls into marriage to pedophile husbands. ' b'As more people grow their own produce in response to the credit crisis the food in their gardens is being stolen.' b'This US Barbecue Restaurant Owner Serves as Unofficial Liaison to North Korea' b'Human costs of new India rail link' b'Envisioning a world of $200abarrel oil LATIMES' Dad of Serb goon's punk pal brags feds will never nab jock for brutal beatdown b'Russia joins the war in Afghanistan (Why now?)' b'Israelis Beat & Torture Gellhorn Prize Winning Journalist' b'World Powers Say OneMan Zimbabwe Vote a Sham ' b'Jailed and Tortured Fighting for Free Speech' Eightyear old boy doesn't invite 2 classmates to his party.  Is reported by his school to the Swedish parliament for violating their rights. 10,000 people riot in China over alleged police coverup of young girl's death b'U.S. Escalating Covert Operations Against Iran  Report'  China's OneChild Policy Leads to Nation of Angry Men b'Seymour Hersh The Bush Administration steps up its secret moves against Iran.' b'UK Parents banned from ferrying children to sports matches unless they have had criminal records checks' b'The birthrate in European countries drops well below the replacement rate  that is, an average of 2.1 children born to every woman  the declining population will first be felt in the playgrounds.' b'US special forces raided a Shite town on Friday killing a relative of Iraqi PM Maliki, the resulting diplomatic crisis is growing.' b'Rural British gangs move into the oil business. Tankers tailed by petrol thieves.' b'Public relations gone wrong French soldiers fire real bullets into crowd' b'Israeli Soldiers Assault, Abuse and Torture Palestinian Journalist. Award Winning Omer Arrives in Gaza Unable to Speak' b'Mexicans plant 400,000 trees to protest border fence' b'Robert Mugabe henchmen backed by Barclays' b'West Bank torturers funded by Britain' U.S. sailor stationed at Sasebo faces arrest for raping fellow serviceman's wife (Sasebo is near Nagasaki, Japan) b'Gay pride marches in Europe marred by homophobia' As a result of pollution, algae has overtaken the sailing venue for this summer's Olympic Games b'For Nelson Mandela it takes an act of Congress to remove terror label' b'President Mugabe wins runoff, sworn in' b'Iran is digging 320,000 graves to allow for the burial of enemy soldiers in the event of any attack on its territory' b'Canadian governmental study group Let foriegn companies own domestic ones, and turn Canada into another Mexico' b'How the global food crisis was created' b'Occitania  the Languedoc region  the country that never was' b'Hopeline  1.800.SUICIDE' b'Schoolboy stabbed to death, England's 32nd teenage murder victim this year. Surge in extreme violence called a health emergency.' Won't see this on CNN... Reddit what do you think about this? b'The puzzling crash of Air Frances Flight 447 killed two of the worlds most prominent illegal arms trade and international drug trafficking foes.' The world's biggest military spenders by population [chart] b'Economist magazines annual liveability index  Australian and Canadian cities at the top... American cities slide.' b'24 bodies, tail part recovered in Air France crash' b'Prestigious university in Tokyo has become a battleground in a war over freedom of political expression. Illegal arrests, forced expulsions, kidnappings by security police and  beatings by hired thugs. No, it's not another dispatch from a violent  banana republic.' b'Netanyahu is an idiot.  The US should respond to his statements by cutting off funds to Israel.' b'North Korea would use nuclear weapons in a merciless offensive' b'China moves to censor home computers' b'The End of the Taliban?' Will Iran's 'Marriage Crisis' Bring Down Ahmadinejad?  TIME b'Air France 447 The Coffin Corner and a Mesoscale Maw' b'Royal Dutch Shell settles suit over hanging Nigerian protesters, still denies involvement.' World Health Organization is on verge of declaring H1N1 flu a pandemic, but doesn't want everyone to panic b'Mom left her eight children for more than a week in lifethreatening squalor for internet lover' b'China, Russia, Iran and Venezuela upping foreign aid to poor countries' b'English villagers try to save struggling pubs' b'Pakistan hotel shattered by blast' b'30,000 Pregnant Women a Year Lose Their Jobs' b'North Korea threatens nuclear response' b'The Fritzl fiasco ... Or how the police can be useless as hell when it come to saving people (like it is supposed to do)' b'Map of North Korean Prison Camps' b'24 hurt after a bottle of acid is tossed off the top of a building in Hong Kong.  Third acid attack there in 6 months.' b'Shell settles human rights suit for $15.5m; acknowledges no wrongdoing in the 1995 hanging deaths of six people, including  Ken SaroWiwa' Khmer Rouge chief says babies were 'smashed to death' b'Pirate Party Wins and Enters The European Parliament | Torre' b'From their own website The BNP is an ethnonationalist party. We do not have, and will not have, any nonwhite or Muslim members.' b'Becoming a soldier in Croatia will now give you the right to smoke marijuana  War veterans can smoke pot in Croatia' b'$134.5 billion in US government securities seized from Japanese nationals, not clear whether real or fake' b'Somali Islamists have taken to desecrating the graves of Sufi muslims, calling them idolatrous,  and now some Sufis are taking up arms against a foreign idealogy' b'Khmer Rouge prison chief admits his staff murdered babies by smashing them against trees at a killing field' b'Hizbullah defeated in Lebanon parliamentary elections' b'Sophisticated Europeans, Obese Americans?  Are the Differences Between Europe and America Really That Large?' b'American journalists sentenced to 12 years hard labor in North Korea' North Korea's top court has convicted two U.S. journalists, and sentenced them to 12 years in labor prison b'How Pirates Shook European Politics' b'North Korea bans ships off east coast amid fears of missile launch ' b'UK  Labour has suffered its worst postwar election result as it was beaten into third place by UKIP and saw the BNP gain its first seats at Brussels.' China is now the world's No. 2 arms spender. Still, the U.S. is far ahead in first place with 42% of total world arms expenditures. Sweden's Pirate Party captures Euro seat b'Body of American mountain climber found in SW China; search continues for two other climbers' b'IDF kills 4 Gaza gunmen; Karni crossing closed to fuel and goods' b'David Carradine was killed because he was investigating kung fu crime lords' Drudge Retort 'Europe Isn't Afraid of Cleared Gitmo Detainees' b'Pirate Bay Nemesis Has Name Changed By Pranksters' b'N. Korea Sentences 2 U.S. Journalists to 12 Years of Hard Labor ' b'Real IRA chief to blame for Omagh' b'Fascism Returns to Europe (check out those uniforms)' b'Not happy with the results of the election? Tinker with the election system. Changes are being proposed to the European Parliament elections that would bring some stability into the system.' b'Listen to the head of the BNP defending his party, really quite disgusting' A 17yearold Indian girl who was gangraped killed herself after police pressured her to drop the case and marry one of her attackers, police and a relative said on Thursday. Belgium prosecutes Scientology as a criminal organisation. Charges are extortion, fraud, privacy breaches and practice of illegal medicine. China has passed a law requiring adult children to visit their elderly parents regularly or risk being sued. Chinese labor camp worker hides note inside Halloween decorations Saudi detains dozens for plotting to celebrate Christmas First wolf sighting in the Netherlands since 1897 Catholic Priest Sparks Outrage in Italy by Claiming Women Bring Violence on Themselves by Dressing Provocatively & Neglecting Housework  They provoke the worst instincts, which end in violence or sexual abuse. They should search their consciences & ask did we bring this on ourselves? 
Surge in 'Honor killings' Bring Dishonor to India  The policeman jumped to his feet as a brother   placed his sister's head on the table.  Nilofar Bibi, 22, was only 14  when she entered an arranged marriage. Alleging torture  by her inlaws, Bibi returned to her parents &  vanished.  Ancient Mayan Temple in Guatemala Irreparably Damaged by EndofWorld Parties Islamists Harsh Justice Is on the Rise in North Mali  Amputations have occurred at least 14 times since the Islamist takeover of the region last spring, with a vow of more to come.  German court allows patients to grow own pot | Germany | DW.DE | 27.12.2012 A top official hinted Thursday that Japans newly installed conservative government might seek to revise a nearly twodecadeold official apology to women forced into sexual slavery during World War II. 2,750yearold temple discovered in Israel Hamas bans Palestinian journalists from Israeli media cooperation | World news | guardian.co.uk Betrayed While They Sleep, Afghan Police Are Dying in Numbers China has tightened its rules on internet usage to enforce a previous requirement that users fully identify themselves to service providers. US evacuates Central African Republic embassy as rebels advance on capital. U.S. official North Korea likely deceived U.S. Iran's only female cabinet minister sacked President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad takes action after health minister Marzieh Vahid Dastjerdi criticises colleagues Egypts top prosecutor orders probe against Egypt's top opposition leaders ElBaradei, Moussa and Sabahi Swedish Mother Used Christmas Gift to Murder Partner as he Slept
 Uttar Pradesh GangRape Victim Raped, Threatened by Police Officers Probing Her Case (India) Official in Japan's new government hints at revising apology to wartime sex slaves Germany Now a Shopping Destination for Wealthy Russians and Chinese The police slap heard all over Bahrain BBC News  Delhi gangrape victim dies in hospital in Singapore A world without bees would be a very different place Executives at Collapsed Iceland Bank Jailed for Fraud At Least 15 Tied Up & Killed  Suspected radical Islamists attacked Nigerian village, tying up men, women & children before slitting their throats.  We heard chanting, 'God is great, God is great' amid sounds of banging on doors.   ...children were heard screaming.

 Heirs of Maos Comrades Rise as New Capitalist Nobility  How children of China's Communist old guard got so rich. They were put in charge of state corporations created in 1980s. Used assets and cashflow to build private real estate empires in 1990s. Now their kids crash Ferraris UK has one of highest rates of family breakdown in the Western world, with just 68.9% of children living with both parents  It's behind only Belgium, Latvia & Estonia.  Finland has the most children living with both parents, at 95.2%.

 Mexico Lifting Gay Blood Donation Ban A series of paintings depicting Muslim clerics in scenes with strong homosexual overtones on display at Pakistan's leading arts college sparked an uproar and threats of violence by Islamic extremists. French 75% income tax struck down by constitutional council Wojtek the beerdrinking soldier bear statue planned Australia Angry, Condemns Japan Whale Hunt  It's particularly offensive that Japan's whaling in the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary.  Australia  condemns Japan's socalled 'scientific' whaling.  Japan will hunt up to 935 Antarctic minke whales & up to 50 fin whales through March.  A Moscow court has acquitted the only official charged with the death of whistleblower Sergei Magnitsky Along Chinese Border, Defectors Say N Korean Province is Quietly Liberalizing, Experiencing a Degree of Relative Wealth & Freedom Unknown in the Rest of the Country  Residents are said to have regular access to rice.  ...you can lead a decent life.   Greek official caught in financial scandal. 
Pasok party ejects former finance minister for allegedly removing relatives' names from list probed for tax evasion.
 B.C. Man Sues WalMart After Heater Allegedly Starts Fire, Burns Down House  Alleges WalMart & heaters maker, Fusion Canada, had a duty to warn of any defects & to ensure the heater was reasonably inspected before sale. Passengers & Crew on  Luxury Cruise Ship Sickened by Mystery Pathogen  Unknown illness, suspected of being a norovirus, has sickened 194 passengers & 11 crew  on  Queen Mary 2, causing vomiting & diarrhea.  Earlier this week, 189 passengers & 31 crew on the Emerald Princess had same symptoms. Out Of Desperation, North Korean Women Become Breadwinners Venezuela South America's Most Dangerous Country  According to calculations made by a respected NGO, Venezuela is now far & away the most dangerous country in South America, with Caracas one of the most dangerous capitals in the world. China's growing hunger for seafood is testing relations with other countries and worrying foreign officials and scientists over the potential damage its massive fleet could do to global fishing stocks Pharma Firms Tested Drugs on East Germans  Over  50 Western firms had contracts with East Germany's Health Ministry to carry out 165 medical tests between 19831989 for money. Test subjects often were not informed. India charges six suspects with murder after victim of horrific gang rape dies German members of parliament call for creating a Minister of Internet after next election World's largest building nears completion Four Thais found guilty of human trafficking were sentenced to between three and 10 years imprisonment yesterday for their intricate involvement in the 2008 death truck that left 54 Burmese dead from suffocation inside a seafood container bound for Phuket BBC News  Delhi rape victim's condition 'deteriorates' Mexico Bishop Inspires, Infuriates by Telling 1,000s Gathered in Stadium That Politicians are Tied to Organized Crime, Lawmakers' Attempts to Curb Money Laundering are Intentionally Weak, & New Labor Reforms are a Way to Enslave Mexican Workers British Create Petition to Keep Piers Morgan in US  After a petition to deport the progun control CNN host gains momentum, a counterpetition emerges Defense Department of Canada removes report on killing of Canadian soldier by Israeli forces When U.S. drones kill civilians, Yemens government tries to conceal it  The Washington Post Dig Finds Evidence of Real Bethlehem  There's strong evidence Jesus was born in a Galilee village once celebrated as his birthplace. Emperor Justinian built a wall around it. It makes more sense Mary rode 7 km on a donkey rather than 150 km.  West Bank's Bethlehem likely wasn't inhabited then. Majority of Britons support fox hunting ban leaving the hunters none too pleased. Facebook Funneled Nearly Half A Billion Pounds In The Cayman Islands Last Year Faced with the threat of horsemounted Sudanese elephant poachers armed with machine guns, the central African nation [Cameroon] has deployed military helicopters and 600 soldiers to try to protect the park [Bouba Ndjida National Park] and its animals. Iranian lawmaker is complaining that Russian women technicians at the Bushehr nuclear power plant are violating the Islamic dress code China's Finless Porpoises Now Rarer than Wild Pandas  Fishing, pollution, etc in Yangtze River   driving another species to extinction. It's one of worlds few remaining freshwater cetaceans.   Losing these top carnivores is an indication of the terrible state of the river ecosystem.  .  The men who would save Mali's manuscripts  Islamist militants in Timbuktu destroyed graves & shrines associated with Sufism this year. Some fear the ancient manuscripts  are next. Russias Brutal Early Winter Claims 123 Lives in Past 10 Days  In the past 24 hours, 201 people were hospitalized for hypothermia & frostbite, including 14 children.  Since the cold snap, 1,745 people were affected & over 800 hospitalized. Netanyahu I'll strengthen settlements during next 4 years China says it is on alert after Japan dispatched fighter jets over the East China Sea.  Japanese media report Japan sent F15 fighter aircraft after detecting a Chinese marine surveillance plane in disputed airspace near contested islands in the East China Sea. 8 dead, 5,000 homeless in Christmas Day fires followed by riot in Philippine capital
 Group of Indian Jews said to be from Lost Tribe move to Israel In majorityMuslim Senegal, Christmas is flourishing  Even the Grande Mosquee that dominates the citys skyline, is aglow in holiday lights.   President Vladimir Putin is facing growing opposition to new legislation that would ban US citizens from adopting Russian children.  Policewoman who killed US aide in Kabul 'is Iranian' China cracks down on childtrafficking gangs. National operation spanning nine provinces leads to arrest of 355 suspects and the rescue of 89 abducted children. An Iranian lawmaker has complained that female Russian technicians working at the Bushehr nuclear power plant are not respecting the countrys dress code despite that they are being paid to wear the Islamic headscarf, known as the hijab. Canada's Food Safety Rules Not Much Good if Not Followed  Veteran cattleman has  simple solution to prevent E. coli outbreak making people sick, throwing 1,000s out of work & smearing the Canadian beef brand.  Industry officials  must do their jobs. China opens world's longest highspeed rail route  Egyptian voters back new constitution Facebook paid 2.9m tax on 840m profits made outside US, figures show  Putin Says He Will Sign Bill Banning Americans From Adopting Russian Children PricewaterhouseCoopers sued for $900 million in Iceland for being an accomplice to the crimes of Landsbankinn, one of the three failed Icelandic banks India to Name & Shame Rapists  Govt to post photos, names & addresses of convicted rapists on official websites to publicly shame them in new measure to combat growing crime against women.  Villagers join alQaeda after deadly US strike Chemical Weapons use in Syria confirmed by defecting MP General  Flurry of corruption revelations suggests Chinas new leadership getting serious about cronyism and bribery in staterun companies and local governments. BBC News  33 ton aquarium bursts in shopping centre in Shanghai injuring 16 people Brazilian cities hit by crack epidemic. 'Although crack is illegal, Brazilian officials view the problem as a public health matter in which the state has a paramount role in helping break addictions' Gerry Anderson, Thunderbirds creator, dies Japan says it will review plans to abandon nuclear power Civilians rush to withdraw savings from banks after Egyptian president signs bill into law; US We urge Morsi to bridge division. MI6 codebreaker Gareth Williams 'probably locked himself into sports bag'  Telegraph In Public Broadcast, HighRanking Syrian General Defects in New Blow to Assad 'Brighter than a full moon' The biggest star of 2013... could be the comet of the century  Proposal to ban polar bear hunts, trade sparks international controversy New Zealand's largest paper calls Kim Dotcom good for this country  
Dotcom comes with drama, but he helped expose political scandal in the country China may require real name registration for internet access
| Reuters Would you eat less meat to help save the planet?  Westerners should halve their consumption of meat to prevent global warming caused by agriculture, scientists attending the Rio+20 summit in Brazil have said World's Longest HighSpeed Rail Line Opens in China Ancient ConeheadLike Alien Skulls Unearthed In Mexico This was an Hispanic cemetery with 25 skulls, and 13 of them have deformed heads...We dont know why this population specifically deformed their heads. Nine men in a small Mexican town were gunned down as they ate Christmas dinner  an escalation of the war between drug cartels in the state of Sinaloa. 
 Japanese man Jiroemon Kimura to become oldest living man ever on record   The Telegraph Germany Suspected Islamists attack Indian student | News  ,  International | THE DAILY STAR Russia has sent 1200+ marines to Syria  developing BBC News  India tea workers burn boss to death in Assam state Swaziland Bans Women From Wearing RapeProvoking MiniSkirts, MidriffRevealing Tops & LowRise Jeans.  Offenders face 6mos in  jail.  The act of the rapist is made easy, because it'd be easy to remove halfcloth worn by women.  Those wearing such clothing are responsible for assaults or rapes. Air strike kills dozens of Syrians trying to buy bread Mayan temple damaged in tourist 'apocalypse' frenzy  Human Rights Watch Palestinian armed groups in Gaza violated the laws of war by launching rockets toward population centers from densely populated areas
 Red alert issued for Chilean volcano From the Delhi police  why women DESERVE to be raped Canadian backlash as cannibal killer named 'news maker of the year' by The Canadian Press Syrian Troops 'Using Killer Gas Bombs' While Fighting Rebels in Homs  
 Activists in Homs say 6 rebels died Sunday night because they inhaled odorle  Is gas & white smoke.  Some felt nauseous with severe headaches. Some had fits. It's the 1st time activists have recorded these effects. Afghan Policewoman Kills US Advisor New German party has its eye on the farright torch. If authorities succeed in banning the neoNazi NPD, its successor is ready and waiting.
 Chile on high alert for volcano  Chile has raised the alert level for the Copahue volcano to red, the highest possible, as seismic activity in the area increased overnight.  Red alert issued for volcano on ChileArgentina border Counterfeit medicine from Asia threatens lives in Africa Syrian Christians fear bleak future after Assad Israel to join NATO activities amidst Turkey tension. Muslim Brotherhood Egyptians pass new constitution  Preliminary results released by state run media show 64 percent of Egyptians voted yes.
 Chinese school bus crash kills 11 children North Korea warns South over giant Christmas tower Pyongyang warned of unspecified consequences because of the tower, which Seoul allowed Christians to light on Saturday Russian military presence in Syria poses challenge to USled intervention  Advisers deployed with surfacetoair systems bolster President Assad's defences and complicate outcome of any future strikes India PM appeals for Delhi calm after rape protests Minor girl in India raped, recorded and clip uploaded to the internet, in yet another crime against children/women Syrian Christians flee civil war, say they face a bleak future if Assad regime falls  Nigeria Islamists kidnapp French engineer because of French Government's stance on Islam and Muslims. France recently banned the veil. China Holds Test Run on Worlds Longest HighSpeed Railway Link. Russias only Hindu temple faces threat of demolition India rape victim raped by cops investigating case A 'dad' is tenth most popular Christmas list request for children  Telegraph Acid attack victim wins India's version Who Wants to be a Millionaire. Will spend her winnings on reconstructive surgery. Al Jazeera plays the piper, but Qatar calls the tune Longtime Berlin correspondent for Al Jazeera recently resigned from his post, says the Qatari government is exercising undue influence on Al Jazeera's reporting Indian policeman killed in rape protests  In an effort to safeguard some 20,000 jobs at a time of rising unemployment,
the Italian government has taken an unprecedented step. It has reversed a court order that called for the partial shutdown of Europe's biggest steel plant because it is spewing cancerproducing dioxins. Wifebeating husband gets 30 lashes | GulfNews.com China may require real name registration for internet access. 'The government says such a system is needed to prevent people making malicious and anonymous accusations online and that many other countries already have such rules'
 Ethiopia has struggled with a shortage of qualified doctors for years. In an effort to resolve that, it's vastly increased the sizes of existing classes and opened 13 new schools. But critics say Ethiopia is training a generation of woefully unqualified doctors.  Indian woman, daughter kill Mumbai stockbroker, cut him into 17 pieces Despite billions of dollars spent  and billions more allocated for Haiti but unspent  rebuilding has still barely begun and 357,785 Haitians languish in 496 tent camps. Christmas brings fear of church bombs in Nigeria Defence Secretary Phillip Hammond has announced that British Reaper Drones will be withdrawn from Afghanistan in 2014 Defence Chiefs are furious 5yrold raped by neighbour in India Jerusalem Catholic patriarch backs Palestinian state For the first time since the 18th century, the European bison is returning to Germany to live in the wild. The wisent, as it is also known, has been brought to the country by a famous prince. Although the creatures' survival is uncertain, the project has already attracted considerable attention Leniency Denied, UBS Unit Admits Guilt in Rate Case  NYTimes.com Iran warns citizens to avoid US travel | Iran has issued a travel warning to its citizens against visiting the United States, an official said, after the death of an Iranian national reportedly following a grilling by US customs officials.
 AFP Mali Islamists destroying more Timbuktu mausoleums Jurez police officers allegedly force man to swallow bullets Mentallychallenged woman raped by uncle, cousin in India Female circumcision is a right, says imam |  The Australian South Korea mass singles dating event flooded by men India clamps down on gang rape protests, PM appeals for calm  Indian authorities throttled movement in the heart of the capital, shutting roads and railway stations in a bid to restore law and order after police fought pitched battles with protesters enraged by the gang rape of a young woman. BBC News  Macedonia budget sparks protests in front of parliament Man burnt to death by mob in front of the police for allegedly burning pages of Quran 70 percent of Germans oppose new law legalizing religiously motivated circumcision Top Tory MP, who praised sanctity of marriage, had 11year affair; he claimed marriage could only work between one man and one woman Christian mob burns man alive after Nigeria church attack Russia closes paper after journalists laugh at Vladimir Putin   Guyana to get $45M from Norway for saving forest Syrian rebels fire at civilian airliner German Family Minister Slammed for Suggesting God Has No Gender  SPIEGEL ONLINE Fortress in the Sky 
Buried Christian Empire Casts New Light on Early Islam  

Archeologists are studying the ruins of a buried Christian empire in the highlands of Yemen. The sites spark questions about the early history of Islam. Was there once a church in Mecca?  Delhi, India   Police fire tear gas shells, lathicharge at people protesting against the gangrape of a young Delhi woman Delhi gangrape case could be turning point for India's rape laws  

India is considering a fasttrack court process to expedite rape cases and step up punishment for sexual violence on the heels of the bus rape incident that spurred outrage across India. More than 20,000 people have disappeared in Mexico over the past six years of a brutal crackdown on drugs during the government of former president Felipe Calderon Assange to publish 'million more files'  UN peacekeeping helicopter shot down in South Sudan, all four crew members dead Cameron Backs Plans to Protect Children With 'Radical' New Web Porn Filters Cameroon army to take on machineguntoting elephant poachers What happened when a travel writer flew to Iran with no tourist visa or return flight, the Iranian official let him in. Hunt for Argentina's Grandchildren Stolen Years Ago  During military dictatorship, women were abducted & killed for leftist views. Those pregnant were kept alive until giving birth, their children adopted & given false IDs to ensure they didn't grow up with same views as mothers.  UN helicopter shot down in South Sudan  Mexico Frees ExMarine Jailed for Bringing in Gun United States citizen detained in North Korea CD ripping to be permitted following UK copyright reform Italian PM Monti resigns after 13 months in office  Israel Soldiers Wound 5 Palestinians in Gaza Armed Islamic  Extremists Kill Yemen Woman in Alcohol Raid   They raided several homes whose owners allegedly have alcoholic drinks. Over 10 armed men on motorbikes stormed 3 houses.
Owners fled except the woman who the gunmen shot dead before driving off. Philippines OKs divisive contraceptives bill Philippine legislators passed a landmark bill that would provide government funding for contraceptives and sexuality classes in schools despite strong opposition by the dominant Roman Catholic Church and its followers Indian protesters, mostly women, are being beaten in the street by India's Rapid Action Force, a violently supressive police force.  Protests against an unpunished gang rape have turned violent.  The World's largest democracy is having an enormous humanitarian and political crisis. 
Jeremy Hunt 'disgusted and appalled' by reports of neglect at hospital where elderly man died of starvation Reports claim some patients treated by Worcestershire Acute NHS Hospital Trust were left thirsty with drinks left out of reach while others were left to sit in their own excrement
 Crowdfunded Drones Could Save White Rhinos From Extinction  There are 4 North White rhinos in Kenya. They constitute 57% of the total population__there are only 7 in the world. They live on 90,000 acres patrolled by 120 rangers.  West Island Catholic deacon removed from post after child porn charges A prominent West Island (Montreal Quebec) deacon, who used to speak publicly about sexual crimes, has been charged with the production and distribution of 2,000 child pornography files following a police investigation Egypt 'Things are definitely worse than under the old regime' India Police Kill Journalist During Protest Over Sex Attack  
TV reporter shot when police fired on protest over attack on  film actress dragged from stage in full public view by an armed militant who tried to rape her. She managed to fight him off. Welcome To Mato Grosso, The Giant Swath Of Land That's Feeding The Entire World Israel says it will build settlements in East Jerusalem neighborhoods 'Unprecedented' Public Rage Over Gang Rape In India US and Russia agree on a plan to curtail theft of intellectual property, after Obama grants Russia permanent normal trade relations and the two nations agree to have the WTO's tenets apply between them Taliban bomb kills nine including minister at Pakistan rally Sydney mosque puts fatwa on Christmas, warning followers it is a ''sin'' to even wish people a Merry Christmas... Pope Benedict XVI granted his former butler a Christmas pardon Saturday, forgiving him in person during a jailhouse meeting for stealing and leaking his private papers in one of the gravest Vatican security breaches in recent times. After the 15minute meeting, Paolo Gabriele was freed UN suspends polio drive in Pakistan after eight people involved in the effort were shot dead in the past two days Woman gangraped, stripped naked in India Stalins Statue Restored as Georgians Recall Happier Times   Google makes it possible for the masses to view portions of the Dead Sea Scrolls Germany Warns Britain Against 'Blackmailing' EU  in Bid to Bring Powers Back Home From Brussels  We want to keep Britain in the EU & not force it out.   But I'll also say that does not mean anyone can blackmail us,  says German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble. Hungary has amended its constitution to bar foreigners from buying farmland, a move the government called 'historic,' but one that could cause friction with the European Union.  Thousands protest during antirape rallies in India A hospital in Taiwan harvested organs and other body parts from one of six executed death row inmates, in a controversial procedure that could help five patients Syrian rebels threaten to storm 2 predominantly Christian towns Egypt's Brotherhood Claims Constitution Passes With a 64% yes vote   The opposition says there were a lot of irregularities in the voting Pakistani mob beats to death Muslim accused of blasphemy Thieves arrested for stealing 6 million pounds of maple syrup in Canada UN confirms Hezbollah fighting for Assad in Syria 50,000 Islamists marched chanting that Egypt will be Islamic, Islamic, despite the Christians. They made sure to go through mainly Christian districts of the city, where residents, fearing attacks, shuttered down their stores and stayed in their homes. Those with no religious affiliation  including atheists and agnostics  are now the thirdlargest religious group in the world. Jobless to be remotely monitored by Government, Benefit claimants will have their online job applications remotely monitored by the Government to see whether they are making serious attempts to find work.   Telegraph Afghanistan Village Massacre Army Will Seek Death Penalty For Soldier Accused Of Killing 16 Villagers Down to 50C Russians freeze to death as strongestindecades winter hits (PHOTOS) 23 yr old girl brutally gangraped and assaulted in New Delhi, India. Girl is fighting for her life. Entire India is in uproar. Native Chief on 9th day of hunger strike, in an effort to move Stephen Harper to include Aboriginal people in decisions involving natural resources. Thousands marched across Canada today, after the Prime Minister has passed bills allowing foreign purchase of resources and more Afghan President Hamid Karzai has called on US and NATO troops to immediately leave the country, saying security transition to local forces should take place as soon as possible. Russia votes to ban all adoptions by Americans Childsnatching eagle video is fake, created as student project Mother of 3yearold named Jihad faces French court for putting I am a bomb shirt on her son Police in China have arrested almost 1,000 doomsday cult members for spreading rumours about the imminent end of the world, state media say. 
 Species of whale thought to be extinct for 2 million years found. Astronaut Chris Hadfield blasts off to become first Canadian commander of International Space Station  Julian Assange to make 'balcony speech' from Ecuador embassy Fiveyearold Indian girl stolen in sleep, raped 
China arrests 500 followers of religious cult over Mayan apocalypse rumours QuasiChristian religious group the Church of the Almighty God accused of spreading rumours that world will end on Friday
 65% of Air Pollution Deaths Occur in Asia With a 1/4 in India  It ranks 6th most dangerous killer & is in top 10 killers in world. Outdoor air contributes to 1.2m deaths in E Asia & 712,000 in S Asia, much higher than toll of 400,000 in EU 27, E Europe, & Russia. Why Indian men rape Nazis in Italy   165 Murders Per Day  That's the horrifying conclusion reached by commission exploring full extent of Nazi war crimes in Italy in WWII. The identity of many of the murderers has long been known, but to this day little has been done to bring them to justice.  How Australia banned semiautomatic rifles nationwide in 1996 and how it change the landscape UN confirms Hezbollah fighting for Assad in Syria Delhi gangrape victim writes on a piece of paper 'Mother, I want to live'  Hindustan Times Syria dropping cluster bombs on civilians  UN calls for ban on 'grotesque practice' of female genital mutilation  Pope signals interreligion alliance against gay marriage China and North Korea are batteling over a mountain on their border where Kim Jongil was allegedly born. Soviet documents however show he was born in Russia.  Discovery of Oldest Known Water Wells in Europe Show Stone Age Settlers More Advanced Than Thought    The 4 wells, lined with wood shaped with stone tools,  don't match up with what historians believed man capable of then.   Houses from this era have probably been underestimated. Big Food Corporations Are Making The World Fat Rising anger of Canada's First Nations over living conditions Cairo Court Sentences Man to 3 Years for Insulting Religion  A Cairo court sentenced an atheist from a Christian family on Wednesday to three years in prison for insulting religion Rumors of plot to sterilize Muslims with polio vaccine spark killings in Pakistan Bolivian president predicts era of peace and love instead of apocalypse Evo Morales will mark the solstice by sailing across Lake Titicaca in one of the largest reed ships built in modern times
 Two arrested in Delhi gangrape case, doctors say never seen such brutality Her intestines are damaged; the blood supply to her intestines has been severed Moscow is preparing to evacuate 30,000 Russians from Syria Major blow to Apple as one of its key patents is invalidated. The patent helped it win a 1 billion dollar judgement against Samsung US Rabbis Sign Letter Opposing Settlement Construction Mexico's Maya Heartland Greets Dawn Of New Era Ceremonial fires burned and conches sounded off as dawn broke over the steps of the main pyramid at the Mayan ruins of Chichen Itza Friday, making what many believe is the conclusion of a vast, 5,125year cycle in the Mayan calendar. Why Has Moscow Passed a Law to Ban U.S. Adoption of Russian Orphans? Under new rules which enter force tomorrow, insurers in Europe will have to charge the same prices to women and men for the same insurance products without distinction on the grounds of sex. Video of Syrian military released showing the military firing scud missiles on their own people. Female Vaccination Workers, Essential in Pakistan, Become Prey Syria Unleashes Cluster Bombs on Town, Punishing Civilians Winter solstice celebrated at Stonehenge Frances President Franois Hollande recognized the suffering of Algerians during more than a century of French dominion over the country Thursday, in the harshest description of the period by a French head of state yet, denouncing the profoundly unjust and brutal nature of the colonial system. EU steps up antitobacco warnings Rape victim still critical, writes to mother 'I want to live'  Hindustan Times Facebook Trials Charging $1 to Send Certain Messages  It's launched a trial to see whether people are prepared pay $1 (0.62) to send messages to the inboxes of people who aren't in their social circle.