 Egypt court sentences 529 to death Malayisan PM Flight MH370 ended in the southern Indian Ocean Russia ready to annex Moldova region, Nato commander claims Norway's army is making women share bedrooms with their male colleagues. This has led to a drop in reports of sexual harassment Two more colossal pharaoh statues unveiled in Egypt Poll shows half of Finns would support a military union with Sweden MI5 warns British officials to beware of Russian 'honey traps' as relations worsen over Ukraine Pope Francis announces the first eight members of a new 'commission for safeguarding minors.' One was abused by a priest in the 1960s and has become a prominent activist working to hold the church accountable. Russia slams Germany for halting arms deal Turkey becomes first country ever to ban Google DNS (xpost from /r/Turkey) China is now claiming parts of Indonesia as its sovereign territory. Japan to Let U.S. Assume Control of Nuclear Cache Ukraine fears Russian invasion imminent Chinese man jailed after he applied for permission to protest on the anniversary of the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. India Beats The Odds, Beats Polio Rukhsar Khatoon is... a last in a country of 1.2 billion people. Rukhsar, 4, is the final documented case of polio in India. Ebola outbreak in Guinea kills dozens, spreads to capital Hamid Karzai announces support for Russia's annexation of Crimea, making Afghanistan the third country (after Syria & Venezuela) to publicly back Russia's actions. As many as 32,000 kids infected with drugresistant TB report Pirate Bay Founder Peter Sunde to run for European Parliament from Finland Students storm the Executive Yuan (executive branch of gvmt.), an escalation of events surrounding the protest of the Trade Agreement with China, one of the biggest student movements to date in Taiwan. Brazil set to send army into Rio slums as violence escalates before World Cup MH370 Australian ship trying to recover 'objects'  live updates Norwegian exPM to be next NATO Secretary General Russia moves in to take over a 3rd military base in Crimea AntiChinese propaganda on display at North Korean military academy Solar Power Is Now Just As Cheap As Conventional Electricity In Italy And Germany Russian thugs beat up St Patricks flashmob after mistaking it for gay activists U.S., other powers kick Russia out of G8 Jimmy Carter I have become convinced that the most serious and unaddressed worldwide challenge is the deprivation and abuse of women and girls. Australia, Tony Abbot says, has too much lockedup forest. Mr Abbott wants to open up a swathe of Australias most foughtover forest and hand it to loggers. Qatar 2022 World Cup expected to take more lives than 9/11 Ukraine to take Russia to the International Court... Head of Public Relations for the 2022 Qatar World Cup sent an angry letter to Deadspin regarding their Report Qatars World Cup will Take More Lives Than 9/11 article Bloomberg editor quits over China story. Editors did not publish an investigative article on Chinese elites due to fears that Bloomberg would be expelled from the country. Bloomberg relies heavily on sales of its financial data terminals in the country. Genocidal War in Darfur Revealed in New Satellite Photos  Latest images taken from space are grim indeed. UK To Start Buying Gas From Russia Despite Threats Of Sanctions Over Crimea Most Face Masks In China Don't Work And Pollution Is Getting Worse Sweden has designed a warplane so sophisticated it is being heralded as the world's first sixthgeneration fighter. Russian TV Anchor Accuses Jews Of Bringing Holocaust On Themselves Russia Gets Ready for Life Without Visa and MasterCard UN calls on Turkey to stop blocking Twitter Russia's Economy Ministry releases expected first quarter figures. GDP growth of around zero, 7% inflation, capital flight of $6570 billion. Mostly due to lost investor confidence, not sanctions. WHO Report 1 in 8 of all global deaths in 2012 was linked to polluted air More Allies Are Cutting Orders for the Pentagon's Costly New Fighter Jet Russia offers India crude oil supplies, stakes in blocks in the Barents Sea (Arctic Ocean) G7 to hold June summit in Brussels instead of G8 meeting in Russia Time to grab guns and kill damn Russians  Tymoshenko in leaked audio recording 'I have been beaten' The Uzbek president's daughter smuggles a letter to the BBC UK HMRC criticised for using terror laws against tax whistleblower | Public accounts committee chair says tax official's use of powers to track down journalist had 'shocked her to the bones'. Egyptian television celebrates mass death sentence b'Pakistan order to kill US invaders. Bush is starting another war before he leaves.' b'A series of titfortat expulsions has left the US without ambassadors in three Latin American countries' b'Pakistani Army Given Green Light to Retaliate Against U.S. Forces.' Five suspected bomb blasts have been reported within minutes of each other in markets in India's capital, Delhi. Pope condemns 'pagan' love of money, power, while riding in his $500,000 Pope mobile and giving orders to the largest religious org in the world. b'Invading Pakistan, Expanding the War' Mugabe finally cedes power. The deal to be signed on Monday in theory ends Mugabe's absolute rule over Zimbabwe b'$35 million dollars worth of Marijuana found and destroyed in Redwood National Park' b'Hallucinogenic chocolates doom Berlin sweet shop' b'US Missile Attack in Pakistan Kills 14  The strike, near the town of Miranshah, was the first since a recent surge in tension between Pakistan and the United States' The REAL Face of War  The images that the media won't show you. (graphic pic warning) b'Iranian Parliament Passes Death Penalty for Apostasy' b'New Delhi hit by serial blasts' b'Saudi OKs Killing Immoral TV Execs'  'One million homeless' in Haiti b'Bomb kills Afghan governor, 3 others' b'Australian minister resigns over seminaked dance, three days after being sworn in' b'Media guilty as fog of war clears in Caucasus' b'The United States on Friday imposed sanctions on Venezuelan officials it accused of helping Colombian rebels smuggle drugs' b'Hugo Chavez Rants Against Shithead Yankees' Pakistan army pledges to 'protect territorial integrity' from U.S. incursions b'EU plans cross border database of rogue motorists' b'Gunmen kill 4 Iraqi TV staff in Mosul | Reuters' b'Pakistan has ordered its jet fighters to confront any attack by the USled coalition forces' b'Palin Takes Hard Line on National Security, Softens Stance on Global Warming' African mercenaries hired by the Gaddafi regime to kill Libyan protesters would be immune from prosecution for war crimes due to a clause in this weekend's UN resolution that was demanded by US Wikileaks goes after the Saudi royal family  Besides the huge monthly stipends that every Saudi royal receives, the cables detail various moneymaking schemes some royals have used to finance their lavish lifestyles over the years. World wide peaceful protest against the banking/corporate elite and what they are doing to us and our planet. April 1517. Lets make this big!!! Reddit, there's a group of young men and women trying to bring an end to one of Africa's tyrannical regimes and they could use your help. Sudanese forces are beating and imprisoning peaceful protesters demanding fair elections, fair wages and an end to corruption and injustice.  CIA operative in Pakistan a terrorist organizer and recruiter Does this surprise anyone? [NSFL  graphic content] Motorist mows down dozens of cyclists at high speed in Porto Algere Brasil (Feb 25 2011) Silvio Berlusconi sex case witness has car torched Men Found Buried Alive At Gaddafi Compound  Iran has arrested opposition leaders Mirhossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karoubi, the opposition website Kaleme said on Monday. 
Sources say that they have been arrested and transferred to Heshmatiyeh jail in Tehran, Libyan Soldier Kills Battalion Commander Libya Photos Inside a  Modern War Room African Dictator son orders Yacht worth $380 Million His timing couldnt be worse. Popular uprisings in the middle east may spread to other countries! Fidel Castro expected to step down as Cuba party chief  Rebel army may be formed as Tripoli fails to oust Gaddafi Gaddafi says 'all my people love me' A Facebook page calls for mass protests in Syria to oust President Bashar alAssad Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan urges Turks not to Assimilate into German society Foreign journalists roughed up in China. Why is this not getting more attention? Robert Mugabe ready to offer Gaddafi asylum. This comes just days after 46 people in Zimbabwe were arrested for watching videos of the Egyptian protests. Reedit, what can we possibly do about these assholes? Kenya, Ethiopia may attack al Shabaab British contractor in Iraq gets 20 years for 2 killings. China's latest Five Yr Plan calls for creating selfsustaining growth based on domestic consumption and reducing China's reliance on exports Muslims and Christians Work Together in a New Egypt BUSTED Notorious Nepalese Rhino Poaching Syndicate Shall Kill No More! Argentina's exmilitary leaders tried over baby thefts from political prisoners 90% of Libya in Rebel Hands Qaddafi is left only with Tripoli, about 1 million people, where the streets are ghostly and marauding security forces hotrod it through the streets, sometimes firing indiscriminately Switzerland Freezes Assets of Qaddafi Fear in Saudi Arabia King Abdullah announces $36bn in financial support measures to avert the kind of popular unrest that has toppled leaders across the region BREAKING  Ghadafi's son joins the Libyan protesters! Charges initiated against Pope for crimes against humanity Late last year the U.S. agreed to sell $60 billion in weapons to Saudi Arabia, the largest arms deal ever. Just in time for the regional fireworks to begin. The riots are expanding even into North Korea. 
Hundreds of protesters have collided with the 
authorities What is this shit about putting sanctions on Libya?  All that's going to do is make the people suffer even and do nothing to slow down Qaddafi.  If anything, it will help him. Something to think about  Every story referencing Gaddafi Shot is about today's oil trading. Monsanto's GM seeds are more expensive and after a few years, weeds can become tolerant to Roundup Ready and other glyphosate herbicides so farmers must return to conventional farming practices anyway. Therefore, there is no benefit to planting GM crop Algeria lifts 19yearold state of emergency German navy sends 3 warships to Libya (google translate) AntiGaddafi Forces Surround Tripoli Al Arabiya At least 10,000 dead and 50,000 wounded in Libya. Zimbabwe charges 46 with treason for watching 
videos of Egypt protests European Union considering sending humanitarian intervention force in to Libya.  Libya protests Gaddafi says Bin Laden to blame South African Government Confirms Sale Of Arms To Libya Libya Captured Mercenaries (video) Barack Obama tells Gaddafi Libya violence must stop  US president finally breaks silence on Libya to condemn ruling regime and make threat of sanctions
 Among other things, Mr Gaddafi has ordered security services to start sabotaging oil facilities, A Facebook page calling for revolution in Saudi Arabia receives backing of hundreds of users demanding an elected ruler, greater freedom for women and the release of political prisoners Chinese oil facilities in Libya attacked and looted.  More than 30,000 Chinese citizens are currently present in Libya. A UN First! Both Israel and Palestine CoSponsor Resolution Condemning Libya Violence Young Boy Shot in Head  Libya  EXTREMELY GRAPHIC. protests spread to North Korea Merkel rebukes Israeli PM Netanyahu for failing to advance peace. 'You haven't made a single step' Vatican Priests in 23 countries have been sexually abusing and raping nuns for years South Korea drops leaflets into North about democracy protests in Egypt, Libya & the Middle East. AlJazeera in Talks With Comcast Over U.S. Distribution South Korea's Internet To Be 200 Times Faster Than In U.S. All diplomats at the Libyan embassy in New Delhi have now defected. Not just the ambassador but the entire embassy Al Jazeera has learned. This is an excerpt of the press release sent to Al Jazeera. South Korea floods North Korea with balloons telling them of Middle East protests Saudi youths call for rally in Jeddah  A group calling itself Jeddah Youth for Change has distributed printed statements, calling on the people to join a demonstration near alBeia Square in Jeddah on Friday. Holy shit. This is what revolution and conflict sounds like. NPR talking with a man on via phone as you can hear the army attack a square full of protesters. Protesters are able to fight them off and commandeer a tank.  Protesters set fire to Gaddafi family palace A Day in High School Hell  Diary of a Chinese Student 100,000 people pack Tunis to demand Prime Minister Ghannouchi step down 45 Zimbabweans arrested and charged with treason for watching a video of the Egyptian revolution Taliban walk into Afghan bank and massacre scores of customers (Video) Egypt Thank You World Media! S.Korea drops leaflets into North about Egypt, Libya No to Military Intervention in Libya  We should not repeat the mistake of Iraq. The United States  or Europe  should not send troops to Libya... Raymond Davis, the American spook arrested for murdering two people in Pakistan, may have been the acting head of CIA there Ugh...More Libyan bloodshed could prompt U.S., NATO intervention The New Libyan Army as the rebels are calling themselves, are planning for a major offensive to liberate Tripoli from Gadhafi! BAGHDAD  Demonstrations turned violent across Iraq on Friday, as protesters burned buildings and security forces fired on the crowds. Why N.Koreans Are Starving Mercenaries gather in Tripoli for final battle Helium balloons to be floated to North Korea will carry propaganda leaflets with news of the popular uprisings sweeping the Middle East Egypt's Military Council Strikes Back at Protesters While the World's Eyes are Focused on Libya &lt;NSFW&gt; My uncle was killed today after praying Friday prayer in Libya Egypt committee proposes 4year presidential term Arabs telling Americans You can do it, too. Libya &lt;&lt;NSFW / NSFL&gt;&gt; Snipers Shooting People in the head (video) A woman in Tripoli plea for help from the rest of the world .. only way we can fix this is if somebody takes action, if you just make Libya a nofly zone. He's bringing African mercenaries because he has so much money... They go inside to kill us, to rape us, to destroy our country..  Protests spread to another Arab country, Oman. Gaddafi forces abandon parts of Tripoli Libya is important, but don't forget Bahrain  an article on the importance of Bahrain's revolution on the rest of the region British SAS on the ground in Libya secure airstrips as RAF fly in Hercules aircraft to rescue 150 oil workers. The end of China's cheap denim dream.The era of Chinese factories churning out dirtcheap goods is over.  NEW DELHI ISRO scientists have discovered a giant underground chamber on the moon, which could be used as a lunar base by astronauts for interplanetary missions. Scientists using data gathered from ChandrayaanI, found a 1.2 km long buried, uncollapsed and near horizontal lava tube. How bankers destroyed the global economy Major Yemen tribes join protesters
Powerful tribal leaders, including those of the Hashid and Baqil, pledge to join protesters against the government. Serbian military pilots reportedly took part in the bombing of protesters in the Libyan cities of Tripoli and Benghazi. This claim was made public after two Libyan pilots fled to Malta Egyptian Army attacks coptic monasteries Libya UK officials tell Gaddafi loyalists to defect or face war crimes trial No Ambulances for protesters in Libya, so this driver of a Hyundai risks his life to drive the injured... Zimbabwe Law professor arrested, tortured for showing videos of news reports about uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia to students and activists Iraq 'Day of Rage' protests followed by detentions, beatings As protests crackdowns continue, West lines up to sell arms Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin cautioned the West Thursday that attempts to meddle in the rebellions of the Arab world may sweep extremists to power.  You have to give people the chance to choose their own fates and their own futures,  Wikileaks cables are less than 2% complete, here's a nice little perspective... SOLVED  Mercs is supplied by Mugabe, Gaddafi forever bro.., now he is shaking like chocolate milkshake and punish to death anyone opening youtube. Majority of income is from Libya, so if Gadaffi fall, soon Zimbabwe may follow. (what? the title is to long?) PAKISTAN Two more disappeared persons are extrajudicially killed in Balochistan to destroy evidence of abduction by law enforcement agencies  Asian Human Rights Commission Tunisia's Prime Minister Resigns! Shit hits the fan in Croatia  riots spread to the popular Europe's resort country, demanding the resignation of corrupt prime minister Kosor's government Small Girl Shot In Head with 14.5mm Bullet in Libya [NSFW] Egyptian prison guards are gunning down inmates
 at least 200 prisoners have been killed UN Security Council unanimously orders sanctions against Libya, and refers Muammar Gaddafi to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. Libyan army taking people to alleys and executing them. Hugo Chavez interviewed by the BBC. democracy is impossible in a capitalist system. Capitalism is the realm of injustice and a tyranny of the richest against the poorest.  Only the rule of law sets you free. The only way to save the world is through democratic socialism. Over 600 Videos and COUNTING of the Protests in Libya. We need people to see this. [WARNING MANY VIDEOS ARE HIGHLY GRAPHIC.]
 Crowded into an empty classroom which was stinking of unwashed bodies and reeking of fear, Colonel Muammar Gaddafi's defeated mercenary killers awaited their fate. Study 60% of Saudi men financially exploit their wives  Some Saudi men use wives salaries to marry again William Hague, United Kingdom Foreign Secretary ...I signed a directive revoking his [Muammar Gaddafi] diplomatic immunity in the United Kingdom but also the diplomatic immunity of his sons, his family, his household. So it is very clear where we stand on his status as the head of state. Egypt Revolution not over Cairo's Tahrir Square was again the scene for bloody violence as the Egyptian army moved to quash continued protests for civilian rule. Government scientists have released research that millions of acres of Chinese agricultural land and over 12 million tons of Chinese grain are contaminated by toxic metal pollution, according to...the China Economic Weekly, a staterun magazine. China locks down over Jasmine protests. Bloomberg reporter beaten up badly by thugs thought to be plainclothes Chinese police. Tunisian Prime Minister Resigns As so many people are struggling for freedom around the world, we should be mindful of what Eisenhower said fifty years ago. Saudi intellectuals call for sweeping reforms North Korea threatens to attack South over military 
drills, propoganda balloons ZAWIYA, Libya (AP)  Hundreds of armed antigovernment forces backed by rebel troops who control the city closest to the capital Tripoli prepared Sunday to repel an expected offensive by forces loyal to Moammar Gadhafi surrounding Zawiya. Libyan militias prepare to join forces before assault on Tripoli The price of food is at the heart of this wave of 
revolutions Map of current status of cities in Libya Gadhafi faces another damaging desertion. His voluptuous' blond Ukrainian nurse Galyna Kolotnytska is going home. North Korea Warns of Military Response Against South Over Leaflet Drops  Bloomberg RAF C130 shot at taking off in Libya Members of a Libyan army have defected and liberated Libya's second city from troops supporting veteran leader Muammar Gaddafi Watch China in the next few hours. 2pm Sunday local time a Jasmine Revolution is set to start across 13 Chinese cities. Authorities are beginning the crackdown Eyewitness from Lybia 900 killed  Muammar's special forces are executing doctors. Chinese workers at a company in Israel have been forced to agree not to have sex with or marry Israelis as a condition of getting a job. Breaking  Gaddafi on plane to Venezuela, his two sons in shoot out with each other ~ Aljazeera Live (no link yet). Moamer Kadhafi to EU Stop supporting prodemocracy rallies in Libya or I'll flood Europe with illegal immigrants Judge Napolitano WikiLeaks Rant If we allow the Governments of the world to label Assange a terrorist, and allow them to shut down Wikileaks, it will be one giant leap towards tyranny. Heavy weapons, including antiaircraft missiles, are being used by mercenaries to murder scores of prodemocracy campaigners in Colonel Gaddafi's Libya with the death toll already well into three figures China tries to stamp out 'Jasmine Revolution' Libya Update Gaddafi Losing Control Of Military? Calls for change sweeping the Arab world have now spread to the kingdom of Morocco [aljazeera] Libya Young boy killed by sniper  Libya  Hovering helicopters fired into the crowds and the hospital was receiving a steady stream of injured people Bahrain protesters hold steady, spend night in square Tough as nails. When you think about the extreme violence inflicted upon this group by the king, they know what may likely be ahead today or tomorrow. Even so, they continue Protests now reach China, 13 cities joined the first day of the Jasmine Revolution 2.0 version , for updates use #CN220 (pic via @@JunlingHu in Beijing) Libya protests Gaddafi sends in snipers to silence the dissent Robert Fisk These are secular popular revolts  yet everyone is blaming religion Lara Logan sexual assault how Egyptian women are reacting.  President of Iceland rejects the third Icesave bill and sends it to a public referendum Meanwhile in Afghanistan 64 civilians have been killed in recent Nato air strikes Video of Libyan antigovernment protesters arming after the brutal crackdown by the authorities. Denmark's supreme court on Friday ruled that Copenhagen's free city of Christiania, founded in 1971,  belongs to the state and cannot be freely used by the squatters.
 Female Foreign Correspondents Code of Silence, Finally Broken China Jasmine Revolution? 13 major cities. 2 pm local time Sunday = Midnight CST Unconfirmed Reports indicate Gaddafi Flees Abroad, Possibly Venezuela Thousands of Tunisians marched through the capital on Saturday demanding the separation of mosque and state in one of the largest demonstrations since the overthrow of Mr. Ben Ali. Protesters held up signs saying, Politics ruins religion and religion ruins politics. Hamdullah! Gaddafi burns his soldiers in their barracks for refusing to shoot protesters  VERY GRAPHIC Video of the aftermath Auschwitz survivor Hajo Meyer labeled antiSemitic for condemning Zionist atrocities. Libyan Air Force bombs protestors! My favorite protest sign of Libya Protesters in Libya have overrun army bases, seized weapons, and taken control of Benghazi. The protesters reportedly now have tanks, and intense gunfire is being reported from Tripoli. Ghadafi's son is warning of a civil war. IRAN Tens of thousands of mourn the deaths of slain protesters, gather in public areas Sunday calling for the end of Iran's religious dictatorship, are met by an extraordinary number of security forces and Basij militia who beat, shoot, and gas them Decentralizing the Internet So Big Brother Cant Find You Mikhail Gorbachev lambasts Vladimir Putin's 'sham' democracy Protests in Jordan are also getting short shrift in the media. By the type Mubarak had stepped down in Egypt after 18 days of protests, Jordan had it's sixth Friday in a row of protests for political reform. Al Jazeera Arabic reports that adverts in Geni and Nigeria asking for mercenaries, offering up to US $2000 dollars per day. From AJE liveblog at 1.20 AM. Gaddafi son 'We will eradicate them all' Libyan planes defect to Malta to avoid bombing own citizens Japan to excavate WWII human experimentation site Anyone else getting sick of this type of BS coming from the UK and the US regarding Egypt. They're the ones that supported Mubarak for 30 years, now they're scrambling to look like the nice guys.  Libya's second largest city, Benghazi, has fallen to antigovernment forces after a crack army unit defected to the opposition. Qaddafi Son Warns of 'Rivers of Blood' as Libya Revolt Spreads  Instead of weeping over 84 dead people, we will weep over hundreds of thousands of dead, Saif alIslam Qaddafi said on state television. Rivers of blood will flow. Chancellor Angela Merkels Christian Democratic Union suffers major defeat on Sunday in Hamburg election, Social Democrats make big gains and will form new government Chinese police crush online call for Middle Eaststyle revolution
 Military bases and tanks seized in Libya Studies using a submersible found a layer, as much as 10cm thick in places, of dead animals and oil (gulf oil spill) What's going on in Bahrain and why? Some facts, some history, and my own views as a Bahraini. FROM A LIBYAN AMERICAN  WHERE IS THE INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY? Gaddafi leaves Libya  Libya's Muammar Gaddafi has left his country for Venezuela or Brazil, as protests calling on him to step down have turned violent, a report says.  Zimbabweans arrested viewing Mideast news  Large quake strikes Christchurch, New Zealand Nearly all of Libya's foreign diplomats (including the Libyan ambassador to the U.S.) are urging nations to impose a nofly zone in Libya to stop Gaddafi from attacking civilians with jets & helicopters. BREAKING Lybia  using FUCKING PLANES to kill protesters.
 Eastern part of Libya falls as military refuses to kill citizens Libya's Interior Minister has announced his defection and support for the revolution. Israeli soldiers strip a Palestinian child and urinate on him... and then the kid gets taken to court Gaddafi is going mental on Al Jazeera right now. Britain and the US have caused instability in the Middle East by supporting autocratic regimes that suppress human rights, David Cameron has said 
 Libya's intelligence agency is behind the powerful jamming that has disrupted Al Jazeera television's signal across much of the Middle East and North Africa BREAKING magnitude 6.3 earthquake hits Christchurch, New Zealand  video from near the epicentre. Gaddafi has ordered security services to start sabotaging oil pipelines, cutting off flow to Mediterranean ports.
 The global media's attention is focused on the revolutions sweeping through North Africa and the Middle East. But not all revolutions are blessed with this level of attention. The West African nation of Gabon is currently also in popular revolt. What, you haven't heard of it? IRAN Iranian protesters charging and overtaking police [VIDEO] Military using live ammunition on protesters in  Ivory Coast Four U.S. citizens on a yacht hijacked by Somali pirates last week are dead, a U.S. defense official says.   Amazing graphic shows before and after pics of New Zealand Earthquake Gaddafi just gave another speech Protesters are a small group of young people on drugs. They are sick.  Earthquake in New Zealand [pics] A group of Libyan army officers have reportedly issued a statement urging fellow soldiers to join the people and help remove Gaddafi from power. AJE Live blog  2.00AM. Students In Zimbabwe Arrested For Watching Coverage Of Arab Uprisings Google Maps  mapping of the protests spreading across the Middle East on this master map.  2 000 000 Egyptians in Tahrir Square singing Free Palestine!  Huge quake hit Christchurch, NZ 6.3 magnitude at 5kms depth  bigger even than the original Sept 4 quake ( Petraeus suggests Afghans burned their own children to exaggerate civilian casualty claims Blogger able to give real updates about whats happening in Libya Is anyone listening to Gadaffi right now? He is batshit insane. Libya Horrific Twitter posts, videos and pics direct from LibyaWARNINGHIGHLY,HIGHLY GRAPHIC SOME OF THESE ARE NSFL! BREAKING NEWS Libyan military aircraft CRASHES after crew REFUSES TO BOMB city of Benghazi, reports Libyan newspaper Quryna.  Egyptian soldiers wouldn't shoot their own citizens. Why do Libyans shoot theirs? Because they are not Libyans doing the shooting. They are $2000 per day mercenaries.  LA Fire Department sending 74 search and rescue specialists to Christchurch. Cheers guys, NZ appreciates it.  Julian Assange is very likely to be extradited. Libyan warship defects to Malta.  Q What do Bahrain, Libya and China have in common? A They are all current members of the UN Human Rights Council.  40% of Dubai's property is VACANT... 1/5 of Bahrain's population shows up to protest This must be a joke Ahmadinejad urges Gaddafi to agree with peoples desires Malta turns back Libyan plane with Qaddafi's daughter aboard Starving N. Korea begs for food Gaddafi I shall remain here defiant. Says he's ready to die a martyr. With over 1000 dead now, I hope he gets his death wish soon. The Facebook Revolution is coming to Saudi Arabia on March 20th, page listing 12 demands for reform already has thousands of followers The Guardian always stands up to defend BP. In cable 07BAKU1268 The Guardian deleted the remarks from an Azeri businessman, who said that BP was violating laws and forcing up prices. In cable 08BAKU671 they deleted a critical phrase about BP Libya 2,000 reported killed in Benghazi, 1,000 in Tripoli Hey /r/worldnews. Twenty minutes ago a siren sounded and two rockets landed within hearing distance from me  Beersheba, Israel. Chinese activists seized after call for 'jasmine revolution' WikiLeaks Cables Detail Qaddafi Familys Exploits Egyptian flag flies between Church and Mosque in Alexandria, Egypt. Greece was paralysed on Wednesday morning as thousands of workers walked off the job to protest at the governments austerity measures. Strike has brought maritime traffic and train services to a halt and disrupted transport. Libya's exjustice minister on Wednesday was quoted as telling a Swedish newspaper that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi personally ordered the Lockerbie bombing that killed 270 people in 1988.
 Over 500 Indian workers sue US firm for human trafficking Libya is now divided in two, with the east largely in the hands of dissidents and the West still under the thumb of Qaddafis security forces What We Can Learn From the Dutch About Teen Sex Syria's 'bloodiest day' leaves scores dead  At least 70 people reportedly killed over past 24 hours as security forces clash with defectors. Israel continues withholding on $100M in taxes owed to Palestinians  Egyptian womens group calls on men to try the veil Hacking Update At Least 28 Murdoch Employees Appear In PIs Detailed Notes  China peace prize awarded to Russia's Putin Deutsche Bank CEO under investigation for giving false testimony  Prosecutors are investigating the head of Germany's biggest bank, Josef Ackermann, on charges that he gave false testimony during the 2002 bankruptcy trial of German media tycoon Leo Kirch. Swiss police on Tuesday evicted antibanker protesters from the Lindenhof, an ancient square in one of the oldest parts of Zurich  China Tightens Media Grip, insisting that media outlets dont report on stories that appear in social media until theyve been verified. 
 WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange launches new extradition appeal Interview With Iranian Foreign Minister 'We Are Prepared for Everything'  Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi, 62, dismisses accusations that Iran is building a nuclear bomb as Western propaganda and accuses Tehran's enemies of waging a secret war against it.  Europeans accuse Berlin of using the euro crisis to boost German power Mossad linked to massive explosion at Iranian facility Radioactive soil in Japan unsafe for farming, say scientists ... after taking a second look Mongolia bids to keep city cool with 'ice shield' experiment  
Geoengineering trial aims to 'store' winter temperatures in a giant block of ice that will cool & water Ulan Bator in summer  Less Than 1% of Sharks Caught in Atlantic Protected  
Most shark species are still being caught & killed despite heading towards extinction, Oceana report says Israel allows building material into Gaza for first time since 2006 Pakistan puts hand up for Aussie uranium President Obama is expected to announce a troop presence in Australia Five years later Mogadishu little changed Five years after channel's launch, Al Jazeera returns to Somali capital and finds people still living in fear. Hokey Pokey  

Fund manager discusses continuing euro crisis. There is no way to meaningfully restructure Italian debt without wiping out the capital base of Europe's banks, and forcing the nationalization of the entire European banking system  Deadly protest over chemical plant in northern Egypt.  One dead and at least 11 people injured in clashes between army and protesters, who have sealed off the port town of Damietta.  Protests, that have lasted six days, are against pollution from existing plant and plans to build two more. Israeli officials lied to Gaza ship crew Jordan's king is the first in the region to urge Assad to step down
 Egyptian activists nude selfportrait causes online fury b'Striking Infographic Tallest Mountains to Deepest Trench (Gives good sense of Deepwater Horizon drilling depth)' b'Tony Blair 'I am 100% on Israel's side'  There are no questions at all. There have been rockets fired from Gaza, there are people in Gaza who want to kill innocent Israelis, Blair said. When it comes to security, I am 100% on Israel's side.' b'Iran begins Mass Executions in Advance of OneYear Anniversary of Iranian Uprising ' b'Over 100,000 unexploded WWII bombs are believed to litter Germany. Just last week, three specialists died while trying to diffuse one. ' b'Israeli govt looking for internet volunteers. The goal is to create a public diplomacy track parallel to the one used by the Foreign Ministry, whose message does not bear the fingerprints of the Israeli govt' Is Burma The Next North Korea? Evidence Suggests Burma Is Developing A Nuclear Weapon To Use Against It's Citizens In Case Of Civil Unrest (Excellent AlJazeera Report) b'BBC News  Dramatic CCTV footage shows moment Haiti quake hit palace' b'Oil Consortium Behind War Crimes in Sudan First aerial bombardment, then ground troops killed the remaining population and set villages on fire. Finally they declared the area safe and the oil companies came in ' b'[The Chinese] are not like these Wall Street fucks pushing financial investments on paper. The Chinese deal in real things, in merchandise. And they will help the real economy in Greece. Deputy Greek Prime Minister Theodoros Pangalos ' b'All I saw in Israel was cowards with guns' b'Not every blogger is a crank British teacher predicted Eurozone problems based on demographic differences, and is now being courted and cited by economic community.' Blackwater (Xe) is for sale. Wouldn't it be funny if some Saudi or rich Taliban guy buys them? b'Why Jews need to abandon the myth of exceptionalism' b'Why Israel ignores global criticism of Gaza flotilla raid  Israelis see international criticism as hyperbole linked to centuries of antiJewish persecution  and something that can be ignored.' b'Mexican boy killed at US border' b'Moving the Markets  Europe Looks to Break US Ratings Monopoly Few doubt that US ratings agencies contributed greatly to the global financial crisis. Europe is exploring the possibility of creating its own ratings agency.' b'Kenya Wants America To Do To Somalia What It Did To Iraq & Afghanistan  We have asked the US govt to provide leadership to forge a concerted international effort to stabilise Somalia, Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki said.' Yoga heritage don't even think about stealing it, says Indian government b'New video of Haiti earthquake shows the crumbling of the palace.' b'Zimbabwes new independent daily ends state news monopoly' b'Predator Drones As Washington expands its drone strikes in Pakistan, the number of civilians killed in the attacks keeps rising. Hundreds of people have died since 2004 and critics say the program only helps fuel the conflict and creates new militants rather than eliminating them.' b'U.N. Security Council approves Iran sanctions on 122 vote Obama administration succeeded in securing support from China and Russia. Brazil and Turkey voted against the resolution' b'Ministers are bringing forward measures requiring many immigrants marrying UK citizens to prove they have a command of English' b'The Limits of Public Opinion Arabs, Israelis and the Strategic Balance | STRATFOR' b'CHINA A wave of strikes hits Shanghai' Scottish school removes concrete play area and replaces with Urban Jungle containing trees, hills, boulders and tunnels.  Over a 2 year period results in 80% fewer accidents!  Roman Catholic church's paedophile investigator jailed for possessing thousnds of child porn images Indonesians killed 750 endangered orangutans in a year  Such practices, never before quantified, are believed to be a more serious threat to the existence of the red apes Fury over young activist publishing nude selfphoto  In an unprecedented move, a young Egyptian female on Sunday dared to publish a nude photo of herself, along with other nude photos, on her blog as an act of free personal expression. Norway's Anders Behring Breivik in open court hearing New arrest as Germany links neoNazis to 10 murders  Murdoch Paper Was Spying On The British MPs Investigating It Arab leaders shouldn't kill their people?  Arab Spring endures. Arab League freezes Syria's membership, because government has killed thousands of opponents. It may not stop Assad, of course. But since when did Arab leaders care about regimes killing their own people? Indigenous pygmy groups are being exploited by the Congo's ethnic Bantu people, and sometimes subject to slavery, according to a study by a Congolese human rights grou 
Selfimmolations spread from Tibet The plight of Tibetans looks more desperate than ever Iran buried Monday a senior military officer it called the architect of its missile defences, killed in a massive explosion at a Revolutionary Guards' arms depot that authorities said was an accident. Roman Catholic church's paedophile investigator jailed for possessing thousnds of child porn images[Fixed Source] 'Iran opposition will unite with government should Israel attack'. Former president Mohammad Khatami, a harsh critic of Ahmadinejad, says all Iran factions will unite if faced with Israeli military strike. A Glimpse Into North Korea Undercover policeman admits spying on Danish activists  
Mark Kennedy says he infiltrated community centre, obtaining intelligence that helped police storm it and close it down King Abdullah of Jordan has said Syrian President Bashar alAssad should step down in the interest of his country.  No cheering allowed for Japanese fans at North Korean soccer game in Pyongyang.  British newspaper throws open its office doors, letting readers peer over reporters' shoulders  digitally, at least.  'Guardian' editor says that in the wake of the phone hacking scandal, which shut down Murdoch's 'News of the World', people have a greater interest in seeing how news is made. Rape Cases Soar in Somali Camps   Armed gangs of young men are roaming around, often high on khat, raping women who have no clan support.   Almost all the rapists get away with it & know they can get away with it.  NeoNazis Suspected in Long Wave of Crimes, Including Murders, in Germany Thailand's Disastrous, SlowMoving Flood Visualizing how we got to 7 billion Deadly blast hits China city Xian Freetrade agreements Opening up the Pacific | The Economist Egypt's Copts in peril The country's Christian minority losing hope of winning rights b'After over two decades in Indian courts, the Bhopal disaster chemical executives have been found guilty' Israeli students plan counterflotillanFlotilla organized to aid Turkey's oppressed Kurds, Armenians; to show up world's hypocrisy  b'Egypt to strip men married to Israeli women (of Jewish descent) of their citizenship.  Children of such marriages will also no longer be citizens.' b'Israel get the hell of Palestine. This people are occupied. Is their land. Go back to Poland, Germany, USA, wherever (yeah included Israel)  Helen Thomas' b'North Korea holds a rare second session of its  parliament, with Choe Yongrim appointed to  replace Kim Yongil as Premier.' b'US cruise missile parts found in Yemeni village where 52 died  A US cruise missile armed with cluster ammunition was used in an attack in Yemen in December which resulted in the deaths of 52 people, more than half of them women and children, according to AI.nttttMiddle East, World  The Independent' Israel's siege mentality is actually making the country weaker  b'Nigeria Marriage of Muslim senator to 13yearold girl sets up showdown between civil and Sharia law' b'Israelies think that artists that canceled shows are supporting terror Cultural terror against the State of Israel and against art in general' Lesbian couple weds in Portugal's 1st gay marriage  Teresa Pires and Helena Paixao, divorced Portuguese mothers in their 30s who have been together since 2003, married in a 15minute ceremony at a Lisbon registry office. b'Remembering DDay, 66 years ago  The Big Picture' b'Reuters edited Flotilla photos' China's 'cancer villages' reveal dark side of economic  boom b'Mexico 6 bodies found in a cavern near a tourist resort of Cancun. 3 had their hearts cut out and the letter Z carved on their abdomens, a possible reference to the Zetas drug gang.' b'Bhopal convictions too little, too late. Seven former employees of Union Carbide in India face up to two years in jail after being convicted of causing death by negligence over the Bhopal disaster of 1984.' FAIR calls out NYT, WPost, LATimes, AssocPress for ignoring the facts and believing Israel's spin. b'Israel has confiscated and censored all video evidence recorded by passengers during the military raid.  Can this be seen as anything but an admission of guilt?' b'WHO suicide rates per 100,000 people per country.  Oh man, Lithuania and Belarus, what is going on with your men?  (' b'South African Bill to block all porn Tierone filtering on internet and mobile smut!' b'4 Palestinian divers killed near Gaza by Israeli Navy. ' b'Israeli navy kills 4 Palestinian divers off Gaza coast' b'GDP vs National debt  by country' b'Egypt Gaza blockade a failure, border stays open' Troubled teens 'sent to Siberia' b'Radical Cutbacks German Government Agrees on Historic Austerity Program' b'Pixies cancel Israel concert  Cancellation comes on the heels of cancellations by Klaxons and Gorillaz Sound System in wake of Gaza flotilla raid.' b'Report Turkish PM May Sail to Gaza Himself' b'IDF Admits It Doctored Flotilla Audio Clip! Media people, time to correct your stories...' b'Israel under fire for apparently doctoring flotilla recordings' b'Looks like we are growing a pair EU to propose lifting Israeli blockade of Gaza' b'Pixies pull out of gig in IsraelnThe group was to have performed a single gig in Tel Aviv on Wednesday, but pulled out just days after a deadly Israeli naval raid on an international aid flotilla, which has provoked a huge international backlash.' b'Turkish Newspaper releases photos of Israeli commandos on Flotilla' b'Shot Australian says Israelis left him to bleed after a bullet hit an artery in his leg' b'An IrishAmerican activist has been hospitalised after allegedly suffering beatings at the hands of Israeli security forces.' b'BBC Egyptian court rules that men married to Israelis should have citizenship stripped' b'Russia proposes global fund to insure against largescale environmental disasters like the Gulf of Mexico oil spill' b'Who's running Reykjavik? Anarchosurrealists. Nobody needs to be frightened of the Best Party because it's the best. And we only want what is bestif we didn't, we'd be called the Worst Party or the Bad Party.' b'Gaza blockade Iran offers escort to next aid convoy | World news | The Guardian' b'Gaza convoy tapes edited, Israel acknowledges' b'So Paulo The City That Said No To Advertising' b'Australian Internet provider denies supporting censorship' Israel's ambassador to the U.S. says his country rejects the idea of a having an international commission look into Israel's deadly raid on a Gazabound aid flotilla. b'In Vietnam, cluster bombs still plague countryside At the present rate, UXO clearance will take 300years.' b'Greenpeace Activist Harpooned by French Fisherman' b'What are the Bilderberg Group really doing in Spain?' b'Kidnapped by Israel and abandoned by Britain ' 1,500 revellers took part in a water fight event organised in central london, ended with six people were arrested, another was taken to hospital and one of London's busiest shopping areas was closed after a mass water fight got out of hand.n Think we'd be better off without a government? BBC News article on how that worked out for Somalia b'S.Korea Refers N.Korea to UN Security Council' b'WTF IDF admits doctoring audio of flotilla raid' b'An Irish aid ship is headed to Gaza. A Nobel Peace  Prize laureate and a formerUnited Nations official  are among the 11 passengers. Prime Minister  Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel will not allow the  aid ship to reach Gaza.' b'a 60yearold manwas shot four times in the temple, chest, hip and back. A 19yearoldwas shot five times from less that 45cm, in the face, in the back of the head, twice in the leg and once in the backand five of the victims were shot either in the back of the head or in the back The Guardian' b'Israeli navy intercepts Irish aid ship, jams all radar and cuts all communication prior to boarding.' b'Fifa blocking condom distribution at World Cup venues because encouraging safe sex in a country with the highest number of HIV carriers is just stupid' Israeli navy 'intercepts' Rachel Corrie Gaza aid ship b'Experience I run a brothel in a country village .' b'The Gaza Blockade Is Illegal and the Flotilla Attack Was an Illegal Act of War  Gaza is not an independent state at war with Israel. Gaza is occupied by Israel, and, as such, an entirely different set of international laws apply.' Photographer tries to take pic of controversial building site in Latvia. He's chased away. Using Twitter, a flash mob returns three days later and... The other side of the Gaza blockade  Taysir Al Burai is severely disabled. He requires roundtheclock medical care. If he were allowed to leave Gaza, he could make a full recovery. But Israel won't let him b'Gaza flotilla Aussie accent is a surreal sound amid chaos of raid' b'Report Israel Willing To Allow Gaza Aid Shipments With International Inspections' b'IDF Releases Apparently Doctored Flotilla Audio, Press Reports As Fact' b'Noam Chomsky lectures on Israel, Palestine and US policy @ Brown University' b'Millions of documents stored at the World War II codebreaking centre, Bletchley Park, are set to be digitised and made available online.' b'UFO spotted over eastern Australia. Similar to one seen in Norway' b'Days before the first anniversary of the antigovernment protests that rocked Iran, the nations supreme religious leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, renewed his attack on opposition leaders on Friday, saying that they had betrayed the values of the 1979 Islamic Revolution.' b'Haaretz opinion Turkey is not an enemy, should seek to rebuild ties; calls for political courage to lift Gaza blockade' b'BREAKING The crew of the Rachel Corrie has permitted IDF soldiers to board' b'Israel issues last minute appeal to Rachel Corrie to stop.' Israeli navy 'intercept' Rachel Corrie Gaza aid ship b'China Journalists and netizens held for referring to 1989 Tiananmen massacre' b'Sweden, Norway Act Against Israel' b'It should be noted that Hamas has refused to allow any of the aid carried by the other six flotilla ships into the Gaza Strip thus far. Five days have passed since trucks were loaded with cargo and were ready to enter Gaza.' Defector's Evidence Indicates Myanmar Has Nuke Program b'Fijian dictator promised return to democracy is unnecessary, the people don't want an election' History repeating  In 1947, a ship full of Jewish refugees tries to break Britain's blockade on Palestine. The Brits boarded and killed 3, wounding others. It was a PR disaster for Britain and paved the way for the founding of modern Israel. Meanwhile, away from Israel 300,000 and counting have been killed in Darfur and it's not slowing. b'Autopsies released for 9 activists who were killed by Israeli commandos, 5 died from head shot wounds, one shot at extremely close range. ' b'NYT Reporters Dispute Israeli Account of Raid; activist shot from above; tried to protect the video footage and photos, but all the materials of the press members were taken away' b'Israel rejects world's criticism Worldwide condemnation is an international offensive of hypocrisy because this wasn't a love boat, it was a hate boat and if we don't blockade there would be an Iranian port in Gaza' b'If I can't have the internet, neither can you,'' while her sister cried out, No Kathleen, I love you, I love you, please stop''.' b'China Freaks Out The World By Announcing Restrictions On Export Of Metals Crucial For National Defense' b'Six Giant Banks Made $51bil last year; The other 980 Lost Money; the proprietary trading operations of an oligopoly of banks, saved from disaster by Uncle Sam and subsidized with cheap money from the central bank, was the single driving force behind the renewed surge in their stock.' Canadian Copyright Minister Rejects 3 Strikes and You're Out System Rights in Russia  Putin Pushes New Law to Curtail Opposition Proposed legislation would allow Russia's intelligence service to imprison people for more than two weeks  without involving the courts. Burma 'trying to build nuclear weapon' b'Japan has a new Prime Minister' b'Journalist aboard the Gaza aid boat asserts that the Israelis opened fire as they were boarding which provoked an angry reaction and an attack on the commandos' b'Turkey suspends all infrastructure projects with Israel No more talk about commercial and economic matters' b'Al Qaeda has threatened to kidnap Saudi princes and ministers in order to secure the release of a female al Qaeda operative arrested by Saudi forces' Hungary in 'Grave' State, Official Says  Its clear that the economy is in a very grave situation, Peter Szijjarto, spokesman for Prime Minister Viktor Orban, said today in Budapest. I dont think its an exaggeration at all to talk about a default. b'Video of the IDF attack on one of the other ships of the flotilla. Unfortunately you cannot see much, but the audio has some value.' b'French charity files legal complaint  for kidnapping, false imprisonment, armed violence, ship hijacking  after Gaza fleet raid' b'Bavarian Beer Finds Fans on the Horn of Africa  Bratwurst, beer mugs, waitresses in dirndls and folksy slogans on the wall. It sounds like a beer hall in Bavaria. But this bar is actually in Addis Ababa, where an Ethiopian brewer has built a culinary monument to his former home in Germany.' b'Rachel Corrie activist ship is 150 miles from Gaza, continuing at a steady pace, with 1,000 tonnes of aid and supplies' An investigation by an antigovernment Myanmar  broadcaster has found evidence that it says shows  the country's military regime has begun a  programme to develop nuclear weapons. b'International Donations Not Always Welcome in Gaza' b'Everest team leaves blind British climber to die' b'Israel may ease Gaza blockade after US contact' b'Apartment block with metal grilles on its windows and no fire escape is engulfed by fire in Bangladesh, more than 100 dead' b'Israel must lift Gaza blockade immediately UN chief' b'Israel is caught in a vicious circle. The more its hawks think the outside world will always hate it, the more it tends to shoot opponents first and ask questions later, and the more it finds that the world is indeed full of enemies.' b'A testrun of issuing free heroin to addicts in Copenhagen appears to be successful, with initial results showing reduced crime and prostitution and improved health and life quality for those taking part in the project.' b'Gaza flotilla yes, Downing Street HAS dropped Israel ' b'Israeli leftists denounce deadly flotilla raid' b'They used smoke bombs followed by gas canisters. They started to descend on to the ship with helicopters.nnIt [the violence] was extremely bad and brutal. The ship turned into a lake of blood. ' b'South Africa recalls Israeli ambassador over flotilla raid  CNN.com' b'Joran Van der Sloot arrested in Chile' b'EgyptGaza border crossing opened indefinitely' b'Remember Neda, the girl we watched die on the streets of Tehran last summer? Her family just gave their first interview.' b'Hamas stops flotilla aid delivered by Israel' b'Demands for expulsion of Israeli envoy in Ireland' b'BP pays out. (To whom? Oil pollution victims? Noooo...)' b'Robert Fisk Western leaders are too cowardly  to help save lives' Israel had 'no other choice' over raid... Except for the other choices they had. Korean war 'may break out at any moment' North Korea b'Niki Enchmarch was on the top deck standing next to a Turkish man who was holding a camera. An Israeli soldier shot him in the middle of the forehead. It blew off the back of his skull and he died. ' b'Israel resists international probe into Gaza ship raid' b'Irish ship Rachel Corrie was sabotaged by Israeli intelligence says report' b'New Aid Ship Heads For Gaza, Fleet Of 3 More Ships On The Way Soon' b'Osama Bin Laden Flying First Class to Washington' b'The gamblers betting on Britain going bust  nHedge funds are wagering billions on the UK defaulting' b'AmericanTurkish high school student was shot 4 times in the head, once in the body by the IDF during the Aid Flotilla Attacks.' b'French President Nicolas Sarkozy faces allegations on arms deal used to fund political campaigns.' b'MK Hanin Zoabi, Arab member of the Israeli parliament who was on board the international flotilla told to Go to Gaza, Traitor; parliament in utter chaos.' Save the Internet The US Congress is debating a law that would give them the power to censor the world's internet  creating a blacklist that could target YouTube, WikiLeaks and even groups like Avaaz! The State Wants To Know What You're Up To. But Why Do We Let It?  Biting commentary on Britain's surveillance society. Now so bad that councils want to film and record all conversations in taxis. This isn't about diminishing evil, it's about a desire to control. The next financial crisis will be hellish, and its on its way UltraOrthodox in Jerusalem fight to remove women from public sphere   Belarus, The Land Of No Applause  
Economy a wreck, presidentforlife a wildeyed thug. Belarus slews from authoritarianism into totalitarianism. Law prohibits action or inaction that has been planned beforehand and is a form of public expression Climate change is causing our oceans to become increasingly acidic, threatening to alter life as we know it. Thousands storm parliament in Kuwait Hundreds of passengers traveling from India to Britain were stranded Thursday in Amritsar, India, by the charter airline Comtel, which was asking them to kick in money to cover the cost of fuel and fees. Passengers will not be allowed to leave unless they paid 10,000 rupees (about $200) each Israeli DF says if he were Iran he would probably want a nuke. I don't delude myself that they are doing it just because of Israel. They look around, they see the Indians are nuclear, the Chinese are nuclear, Pakistan is nuclear... Russias military chief Potential conflicts near Russian borders may grow into nuclear war Protests in Italy turn ugly ahead of Monti unveiling crisis plan.In Palermo, Sicily, demonstrators hurled eggs and smoke bombs at a bank, and protesters threw rocks at police who battled back with pepper sprays. Eyeing China, India to enter ICBM club in 3 months Interest rates have jumped sharply for France, Belgium, Austria, Finland and the Netherlands. This has fueled fears that the eurozone's sovereign debt crisis could be about to spread even further. Mexico's presidential rival has a new answer to the drug war He would send the army back to their barracks and focus on growing the economy The discovery of a neoNazi terror cell in Germany has many concerned about the country's reputation. With good reason. Racism and xenophobia have deep roots in German society  and the vocabulary used to describe the rightwing extremist crime spree is telling. Eurogroup head JeanClaude Juncker Germany has higher debts than Spain, the only thing is that no one wants to know about that India minister says Funds meant to provide work to India's rural poor have been diverted by corrupt officials spent on toys. You can take our balls, but you can't take our freedom  Students at Earl Beatty School in Toronto protest the ball ban.  France needs to upgrade all nuclear reactors

 Radioactive caesium has been detected above the safety level in rice for the first time in Japan since the nuclear crisis began at the Fukushima plant. Plane passengers 'held to ransom' and forced into 20,000 whipround for fuel The book was banned and the author jailed before it was published, but on Wednesday a group of fellow journalists and writers in Turkey launched Ahmet Siks The Army of Imam at an annual book fair Vatican takes legal action over popeimam kissing ad Brazil 2010 census shows changing race balance, for the first time, nonwhite people make up the majority of Brazil's population, according to preliminary results of the 2010 census.  The Pakistan Telecommunications Authority sends mobile phone operators a list of hundreds of obscene words to be banned from text messages. While everyone gets caught up in the details of the IDFTurkish flotilla incident, here's a good perspective on the bigger picture and strategic implications. Produced by Stratfor, a global intelligence company. b'UN Security Council condemns acts in international waters, requests release of ships and civilians, full investigation conforming to international standards, and unimpeded distribution of humanitarian assistance in Gaza.' b'Activists Send New Boat to Challenge Gaza Blockade as Egypt Lifts Its Side of the Blockade to alleviate the suffering of our Palestinian brothers after the Israeli attack on the flotilla' b'It is a fact that it is ordinary people, activists, call them what you will, who now take decisions to change events. Our politicians are too spineless, too cowardly, to take decisions to save lives' David Grossman writing in The Guardian  The best article I've read in a while from a moderate patriotic Israeli expressing how monday's events illustrate just how messed up Israel has become. b'First passenger accounts of Israeli attack on flotilla begin to emerge IDF fired BEFORE boarding' b'PAKISTAN Women Intensify Push to Pass Law Against Acid Attacks' Pentagon claims to have killed Al Qaeda's top chief in Afghanistan...for the second time. b'Australia launches legal action against Japan over whaling' b'They're going to have to stop the blockade of Gaza, and one of the ways to do this is for us to continue to send the boats. Two new aid ships on their way to Gaza' b'New Hungarian Government replacing hundreds of government websites with OMG' b'Israeli Publicity Machine Cranks Into Gear Over Raid On Mavi Marmara' Israelis haven't expressed much sympathy for Gaza freedom flotilla activists attacked in an Israeli raid Monday. But they're upset that their government walked into what they say was a trap, and botched the mission.   I've had a vasectomy India's economy grows 8.6% b'Turkey All options are on the table' b'Israel Holds Hundreds of People Seized During Raid on Freedom Flotilla, While UN Condemns Israel acts and More Ships Depart Toward Gaza' b'Presenting a Dutch proposal to stop the oil within days' It's Official  Another BP Failure  Efforts To End Flow From BP Well Are Over, Coast Guard Says b'Egypt opens Gaza border after Israel ship clash' b'Life inside the North Korean bubble' b'Israel planning massive attack on Gaza Ahmadinejad' b'A member of the Israeli Knesset (legislative branch of the Israeli government) on board the Marmara ship when it was ambushed by IDF troops, has told reporters that the intention of the raid was to kill as many on board as they could in order to ward off others from attempting to reach Gaza by sea. ' Swingers' case tests sexual limits in China.  A  professor is sentenced to prison for starting a sex club. Many people say he committed no crime. Lesson if you're willing to die for your cause, punch a soldier in the face and try to get him to shoot you. The desecration of an Aboriginal burial site in Australia with swastikas and the letters KKK is condemned as disgusting by officials. The 51% Tragedy A Majority of Young Greek Workers Are Now Unemployed
 Entire nation of Kiribati to be relocated over rising sea level threat   Telegraph In Afghanistan, children behind bars Girls as young as 12 jailed for crimes they often do not understand Spain's youth unemployment surges above 50%. Riot police use tear gas to control student protest in Montreal Homelessness in the UK rises by 14% in one year.  Cameroon elephant slaughter Park cannot cope with $2 million antipoaching budget when ivory is $1000$1500 per kg in Asia with each tusk weighing 10kg Solving War Crimes With Wristbands The Arrogance of 'Kony 2012' German Internet Community Cries Foul over Google News Law  Germany's Internet community, gathered at the world's biggest hightech fair, was up in arms Thursday at a draft law forcing Google and other similar sites to pay media firms for content. Strong solar storm heading for Earth AFP Deathrow inmates 'main source of organs in China' Dugongs cruelly slaughtered in illegal meat trade (Australia)
 India blacklists Israel Military Industries for 10 years for bribery. Italian police break up international paedophile network Germany earned 380 million euros in interest on the loans it paid to Greece so far Israel's Netanyahu, In A Risky Strategy, Presses U.S. On Iran Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has forcefully pushed President Obama to take a tougher stance on Iran. Critics say he risks alienating an ally. German Health Insurers Have $26 Billion Cash, Sueddeutsche Says  Politicians are suggesting lower premiums or abolishing payments for medication, while insurers want to keep the money as reserve for years with deficits Khamenei hails Obama's remarks against Iran strike Japans Nuclear Energy Industry Nears Shutdown  All but 2 of its 54 commercial reactors have gone off line since the disaster a year ago.  With the last operating reactor to be idled, Japan  once a world leader in atomic energy  will shut down an industry that generated a 1/3 of its electricity. UK 'Must Plan for Euro Collapse'  Ministers should draw up plans to deal with a breakup of the eurozone as a matter of urgency, a committee of MPs & peers has warns Nigeria Rescue Bid Kidnapped Briton & Italian killed  

A Briton & an Italian abducted by gunmen in Nigeria last year have died in a failed rescue attempt, David Cameron announces Tunisian University Denies Muslims the Right To Worship. Clashes Erupt Many Hurt. Syria's deputy oil minister defects from Assad 4.6 magnitude earthquake strikes Haiti U.S. adds Vatican to moneylaundering 'concern' list Japanese whalers cut season short Japan shutting down nuclear power industry Chinese state media thanks women for being hot   It's hard to think of a more awkward way for a media outlet to celebrate International Women's Day In India, battle continues over Hindu temple's riches  The vaults at a temple in Kerala have yielded gold and gems worth an estimated $21 billion. A lawsuit has raised a thorny question Who owns the treasure? 4 more generals defect from Syrian army & join uprising against President Bashar alAssad Mass prodemocracy protest rocks Bahrain According to a recent court ruling, German hotels have the right to turn away farright extremists for their political views. The case struggled to reconcile the principles of freedom and equality.  Smartphone apps are sending your data to China In Russia's largest cities, government employees are given sirens and blue lights that give them the right to disobey traffic signals and barrel through traffic. But a small and growing protest movement is challenging them and their special privilege Resolute, Nunavut, Canada loses Chinese polar bear hunt  Business bows to pressure from international media deriding hunt of 'endangered' bears Bin Ladens Wives Stories of Post9/11 Life Casts More Suspicion on Pakistan   Tens of Thousands Protest in Bahrain Down, Down Hamad  Bahrain protesters boost pressures on king; sporadic clashes Japan Earthquake One Year Later [pics] Five murdered Irish emigrants will be reburied in a new grave today
 According to a Wikileaks email, Russia refused landing permission to the doomed plane carrying President Kaczynski in April 2010, to force him to miss a Katyn massacre memorial service. Girls only allowed to access Facebook if they are wearing burkas!  Afghans lampoon clerics over women guidelines Japan ends its whaling season with less than a third of its original target, as ships head home from the Antarctic Ocean. Four Syrian generals defect to opposition as desertions gather pace The defection brings the number of senior Syrian officers who have defected to seven, rebels say.
 Top Irish food producer jailed for garlic tax scam Did Russia and Israel swap data on their enemies? A Stratfor email exchange suggests the two traded drone intel on Georgia and Iran. Fearing climate change, island nation eyes move to Fiji Far right hardcore 'willing to prepare for armed conflict' With tensions high in Mideast, evangelical Christians tighten embrace of Israel LGBT rights window closing in Egypt Revolutionary optimism retreats as Islamic parties take power.
 AntiSec dumps Monsanto data on the Web Your continued attack on the worlds food supply, as well as the health of those who eat it, has earned you our full attention. Your crimes against humanity are too many to name on one page. Legalization gains support in Central America Guatemalan President Otto Perez has invigorated the drug legalization debate in Central America, where leaders are under pressure to contain staggering crime rates and battle violent drug cartels. EU Google's new privacy policy is illegal South Africans try poisoning horns to save rhinos  Accusations of witchcraft are part of growing pattern of child abuse in UK  African groups warn that boom in pentecostal churches and belief in 'kindoki' are causing more children to suffer in silence These Are The World's Most Powerful Mercenary Armies England's police forces are to be mostly privatised in an attempt to save money Elections Canada begins investigations on 31,000 complaints regarding potential electoral fraud by the Conservative Party during the most recent election. Overfishing Leaves Swaths of Mediterranean Barren, an Unprecedented Study Concludes   We found a huge gradient, an enormous contrast. Off Spain & Italy, we found the largest fish biomass in the Mediterranean.  Unfortunately, around Turkey & Greece, the waters are bare. Police Censor Google, Facebook and 8,000 Other Sites by Accident UK photographer Paul Conroy  Syria 'is slaughterhouse  Says attacks on the city of Homs were a systematic slaughter of the civilian population Oceans acidifying at fastest rate in 300 million years. Russian Election Workers 'Paid To Vote Putin' As Myanmar moves ahead with a set of reforms that have included the release of political prisoners, the country's government is also opening up its media. In some cases they've ended prepublication censorship entirely and in others they've greatly reduced the restrictions Peeing Frenchman sues Google for making him 'laughing stock' Cairos hijabfree zones trigger cries of hypocrisy ... Feeling besieged, this segment seems willing to accept and even embrace the kind of steps that would prompt a discrimination lawsuit and cries of Islamaphobia if they were attempted in the US or Europe  Furniture giant Ikea paid for secret police files to spy on complaining customers and suspicious staff at stores in France. Community reaction to 'destructive' war on marijuana warning Mexico adopts surveillance legislation that will grant the police warrantless access to real time user location data Organ Thieves Busted in Ukraine Muslims in Germany  Study Hints that Mutual Suspicion Is Slowing Integration Somali alShabab base captured outside Mogadishu  A major base of Somalia's alShabab militants has been captured on the outskirts of the capital by government troops backed by African Union forces. Novartis takes the Indian government to court over its patent law, in a move that threatened access to affordable medicines. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Friday said his country had no special relationship with the Syrian regime, adding that it was up to the Syrians to decide who should run their country A Global Icon is Reborn Londoners meet city's new $36,000 per seat red bus Saudi Arabia had made the strategic decision to purchase a nuclear weapon from Pakistan amid the ongoing negotiations over Irans nuclear program, a former American defense official said said in a report today in The Sunday Times. Danish jihadists cashed in on welfare benefits; Thirtytwo Danes have collected nearly 400,000 kroner worth of unemployment benefits while fighting in Syria Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m every minute, says IMF . Fishermen in Indonesia's Aceh province say they have been told by officials not to rescue Rohingya migrants from boats off the coast, even if they are drowning. Prince Harry calls for U.K. to bring back national service because joining army helped keep him out of trouble Egyptian judges shot dead in Sinai hours after former president Mohamed Morsi sentenced to death. Cheap blindness drug should be made widely available, says WHO The Catholic Church will continue to use a controversial legal defence to block victims of clerical abuse from seeking compensation FIFA to investigate arrest of BBC journalists in Qatar Please give us water The desperate cries of Rohingya and Bangladeshi migrants adrift on boat turned away from Thailand. Iran says Saudi Arabia should not be hosting Yemen talks since it's part of the conflict Carl Sagan's Solar Sail Is Ready For Its First Test Flight Charlie Hebdo accused of hypocrisy as it suspends journalist after death threats over her articles attacking Islam US raid in Syria killed 32 IS members, including 4 leaders monitor Thousands of people in Ecuador on Saturday planted a total of 647,250 trees in a single day. Hate preachers and terrorists could be stripped of citizenship under antiterrorism proposal Two Russian servicemen arrested in east Ukraine Ukrainian military Angela Merkel under pressure to reveal extent of German help for US spying | German chancellor called on to divulge a list of targets, including the IP addresses of individual computers, tracked on behalf of the NSA China Tells US That Both Countries Can Both Be Pacific Powers Taiwan ExWorkers Win Pollution Lawsuit  Taipei District Court rules for workers employed 19701992 at Radio Corp of America. It dumped toxic waste, polluting soil & water. Called worst industrial disaster in Taiwans history, it led to alarmingly high reports of cancer among its workers. Iraqi forces abandon posts in Ramadi Rhino horn now more valuable than gold, diamonds and cocaine, at $60K a pound making poaching a ultra profitable business. Israel intercepts 40 diving suits headed for Gaza to be used to build up Hamas' naval force. Another Political Candidate Killed Ahead of Elections in Mexico US contests 'Islamic State' claim of full control in Ramadi The loss of the key military base in the city would represent the biggest defeat for the Iraqi government since last summer. Megaupload Founder Defeats US Govt Attempts To Put Him Back In Prison End 'destructive' war on pot, panel urges Canadian PM  News Australian philosophers have published an article advocating for the moral right to a postbirth abortion SOPA Ireland Signed Into Law Ireland has passed new legislation that allows copyright holders to force Internet providers to block pirate websites A couple who tortured and killed 15yearold Kristy Bamu in their London flat after accusing him of witchcraft have been found guilty of murder Britain was no longer safe territory for Murdoch Jr. Described in the Commons as the first mafia boss in history who didn't know he was running a criminal enterprise Anger Erupts Again Over China's Bear Bile Farms  In a secretly shot video, a Chinese farmer holds up a bag of yellowish bile he has just extracted from a caged bear  Only 19% of Israelis Support a Unilateral Strike on Iran With the Eurovision Song Contest fast approaching, the government of Azerbaijan has ruthlessly evicted an estimated 60,000 people from their homes near downtown Baku. British Lord forced to resign after Israel will not last claim My Drone War  


What it's like when America's secret war, conducted by remote control, comes to your neighbourhood. Then I heard the buzzing, far above our heads  like a bee, but heavier and unceasing, drifting in and out Irish SOPA made law 
 Unemployment in Europe has risen to its highest level since the introduction of the euro. Russia upgrades radar station in Syria to aid Iran Dutch mobile euthanasia clinic ready to go Lifeend Clinic will send teams to the homes of patients' whose doctors refuse to carry out the procedure Qatar crosses the Syrian Rubicon 63m to buy weapons for the rebels Iran recently offered to supply Pakistan with tens of thousands barrels of oil per day, a Pakistani official said Thursday. The deal would help ease the country's chronic energy shortages while guaranteeing Tehran a home for some of its crude. In A Baghdad ER  


Iraqi junior doctor describes dealing with female patients. Lots brought in after attempted suicides. Stopping them dying is beginning and end of treatment. Abused and damaged women are then returned whence they came Indonesia's Endangered Sumatran Tiger's Habitat Pulped for Paper   Threatened trees in the rainforest are being illegally chopped down & sent to factories to be turned into paper (With Video) China drafts legal proposal to completely shut down genetically engineered rice Pakistan rejects US pressure on IranPakistan gas pipeline project The Warlord and the Basketball Star  Dikembe Mutombo and an energy executive tried to buy gold in Kenya, only to find themselves mired in Congo's dangerous world of conflict minerals  and totally outmatched.
 A mindboggling 40,000 trillion becquerels of radioactive cesium, or twice the amount previously thought, may have spewed from the crippled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant after the March 11 disaster, scientists say. Hong Kong Airlines Ltd has threatened to cancel its order for 10 A380s with Airbus  a value of $3.8 billion  over Europe's decision to make flights pay for their carbon emissions. We cannot do something which is against our country's interests, it quoted president Yang Jianhong as saying.  North Korea What does 240,000 metric tons of food mean?  Appeal Lost  UK ISPs will have to send warning letters to alleged illegal file downloaders, as well as potentially cutting users off 89% of the global population now has access to safe drinking water. How Goldman Sachs screwed Greece Iran to allow UN nuclear inspectors into military site Myanmar has lowered its firewalls, opening access to socialmedia sites such as Facebook and Twitter Brazil's economy overtakes UK to become world's sixth largest. Is Somalia on the brink of peace? Loss of key city is latest defeat for oncepowerful Al Shabaab Islamists. Singapore maids to finally get one day off per week Starving Iran Wont Free It There's an old saying, attributed to the British Foreign Office in colonial days Keep the Persians hungry, and the Arabs fat. Slovakians vote to name a bridge Chuck Norris. Penguin escaped from Tokyo zoo. Eastern Libya declares semi autonomy Hamas rules out military support for Iran in any war with Israel Twin blasts hit Egypt gas pipeline  The main gas pipeline sending supplies from Egypt to Israel and Jordan was attacked on Monday, the 13th such attack since longtime President Hosni Mubarak was ousted in February 2011.
 China Urges The U.S. To Tread Carefully On 'Core Interests' Iran in Nuclear Facility PledgeIran plans to allow U.N. officials to visit the secretive Parchin complex, where the nuclear agency suspects research into nuclear weapons may have been carried out. Eastern Libya pulls away from central government Gay chilean man remains in a coma after brutal 
attack. Neonazis carved swastikas into his 
abdomen and burned other parts of his body with 
cigarettes. Sweden to help build Saudi arms plant report  The Local French PM Prompts Religious Row  Muslim & Jewish groups have reacted with dismay after French PM Francois Fillon suggested the religious slaughter of animals was out of date BBC News  Saudi diplomat shot dead in Bangladesh Australia's mining boom placing Great Barrier Reef at risk, UN warns 
Environmental team is assessing the reef amid concerns over rapid escalation in coal exports and gas exploration
 Daughter of Mubarakera mogul Hussein Salem to be extradited  Spanish judge orders extradition of business tycoon's daughter to face corruption charges in Egypt France to require all drivers to have Breathalyzer kits At Chechnya Polling Station, Votes for Putin Exceed the Rolls  New York Times Man reports CP in music download and is banned from seeing his own daughter alone A youth has burned himself to death in southwestern China, the third selfimmolation in three days in protest of China's policies in Tibet Chinese Businessmen Paying $80,000 to Hunt Polar Bears in Canada  From one of the 'I Love Hunting Club's' brochures  The polar bear is the most extreme of natural enemies in North America. The huge male bear specimens are the most majestic, most beautiful of hunting prizes! 107 percent turnout? Another side to Russia's vote   Putin does better in Chechnya (99.82%) than Assad in Syria In Chechnya, 107% Turnout for Putin  Obvious ballotstuffing spotted in region Brazil has become the sixthbiggest economy in the world Two Murdoch reporters feared to be in suicide bids 
Two senior journalists at News International have 
apparently attempted to commit suicide as 
pressure mounts inside the Murdoch media 
empire... Nicolas Sarkozy says France has too many foreigners Huge solar flare's magnetic storm may disrupt satellites and power grids. A suicide bomber kills herself and five police officers in the troubled Russian region of Dagestan, weeks after security forces kill her husband, prosecutors say. How Three Germans Are Cloning The Web  

The most admirable entrepreneurs are those with original ideas, ja? It's a unique gift that you either have or you don't. Says Oliver Samwer, one of three brothers who do not have ideas. They just copy others. And make billions Afghan women trapped in tribal court system unfairly imprisoned, traded like property and often abused every step of the way.  Norway Breivik charged with Terror and 1st degree murder. Prosecution asks for forced psychiatric treatment  A hospital employee in Homs says Syrian civilians and rebel fighters are being tortured there by medical staff and members of the security forces. Israel stunned by India's ban on defense contracts after bribing scandal Kim Jongeun visits the narrowest part of the DMZ, coming within 100m of S. Korean troops while touring the Joint Security Area Midsize asteroid won't hit Earth in 2013 NASA Spiders spin whole fields of webs to escape flooding in Australia Father banned from being alone with his daughter after telling police he accidentally accessed child porn while attempting to download music from the internet Two Murdoch journalists reportedly attempt suicide as pressure mounts UNESCO will not expel Syria from human rights committee, according to draft resolution Speculation Blamed for Global Food Price Weirdness South Africa Kruger park rangers kill suspected rhino poacher  
Rangers at Kruger National Park shot dead a suspected rhino poacher and injured two others in gun battle, police said.
 Anger over Sweden's 'secret' Saudi arms plant  Opposition condemns government after broadcaster reveals documents said to show links between Swedish firm and Riyadh. Taiwan's Nuclear Nightmare A fourth nuclear plant got the goahead, but activists say a disaster worse than Fukushima is on the horizon. In one of India's poorest states, 2 entrepreneurs build and operate solarpowered micro grids to provide lowcost lighting and mobile phone charging to village houses, giving many rural people access to both light and power for the first time in their lives Kill the Messenger  What Russia taught Syria When you destroy a city, make sure no one  not even the story  gets out alive. Canadian Senate Passes Harsh Crime Bill ... that includes mandatory minimum prison sentences for growing as few as six marijuana plants' Costa Rican President Laura Chinchilla adds her voice to the rising clamor for discussions on drug legalization as an alternative to the current state of affairs, in which Central American nations see themselves as increasingly threatened by the illicit drug trade Two trains crash in Poland, many are wounded, some have been killed. (happend two hours ago) China military budget tops $100bn; rise by 11.2% in 2012 How a Gold Mining Boom is Killing the Children of Nigeria 'More than 400 children have died and thousands more have been severely poisoned by exposure to lead dust.' About 600,000 Russians to Monitor Presidential Elections Online Thief steals heart of saint, making off with 800yearold relic that had been on display at cathedral in Ireland Israel to sell $1.6 billion in arms to Iran's neighbor Azerbaijan Sarkozy nixes halal meat in schools for Muslims  the North Korean government has said that anyone caught defecting during the period of mourning for Kim Jong Ils death would have three generations of family members executed. Libya's instability deepens detainees tortured, tribal warfare rages, oilrich region seeks autonomy Libyan authorities issue apology after British WWII graves attacked pledging to catch those responsible and to restore graves to a standard befitting the sacrifice Almost a year after the Fukushima disaster, 52 of Japan's 54 nuclear power plants have been shut down. The reactor explosion destroyed the population's trust in nuclear energy. But the atomic lobby  and the country's industrial needs  could block a possible phaseout. Not only has the number of UK adults calling themselves Christian dropped dramatically since the 2001 Census  our research suggests that it is now only 54%  even those who still think of themselves as Christian show very low levels of religious commitment. A matter of time before the US tires of Israel Israel has legalized one of the oldest and largest of the unsanctioned settler enclaves dotting the West Bank, a step denounced by the Palestinians and Israeli activists as a show of bad faith ahead of talks next week between the Israeli leader and President Barack Obama. Around 200 people have been killed and many more injured in a series of explosions in Brazzaville, the capital of Republic of the Congo. Island of Guernsey, Channel Islands moots becoming a libel haven where rich and powerful can sue and silence critics Dutch mobile euthanasia units to make house calls Assad's air force pounds population centers in Syria's Rastan Belarus leader  Better a dictator than gay Putin's Power Grab and the Russian Awakening  The Russian leader's flagrant abuses are inspiring many Russians, long indifferent, to start fighting back. New EU laws on hen cages blamed for forcing farms out of business, price of eggs quadrupled. Police are linked to blacklist of construction workers who were considered leftist or troublesome. The blacklist destroyed people's lives, broke up families, ensured that people were unable to earn a living. It devastated people year after year.  Australian Muslim women must show faces for identity checks under new law Costa Rica tries to go smokefree Congress approved sweeping smoking bans. Philip Morris and British American Tobacco are not happy Last Monday, in a national TV interview, the candidate that public opinion polls have leading the French presidential race called for a 75 percent super tax on all individual income over $1 million euros, the equivalent of about $1.33 million.

 
 BBC News  Russia election Vladimir Putin wins, exit polls say Iranian Ayatollah Nuclear Weapons Grave Sin, Senseless, Destructive, Dangerous. South African Health Minister not only denied the proven link between AIDS and HIV, but also featured garlic, lemons and African potatoes as treatment for AIDS  As of 2011, 40% of South Africans had STDs and 25% had AIDS. Iranian human rights lawyer, colleague of Shirin Ebadi, sentenced to 18 years after being arrested for fourth time in six years. Abdolfattah Soltani was charged i.a. with accepting an unlawful award for getting the Nuremburg International Human Rights Award Central America is starting a debate on decriminalizing drugs  Biden visits Mexico and Honduras amid drug debate Chancellor Angela Merkel has agreed with other conservative European leaders to help President Nicolas Sarkozy in the French election campaign by spurning his Socialist challenger Franois Hollande, SPIEGEL has learned. Merkel's interference is causing tension in her own government.  India bans cotton exports effective immediately Secret footage showing 'torture' of Syrians in Homs hospital  Russia election 'clearly skewed' for Putin  OSCE People fleeing the Syrian city of Homs tell the BBC that security forces are committing atrocities there, including summary executions. Arabian Nightmare Three men jailed indefinitely in Saudi Arabia for renting the wrong flat. An unexpected exercise in globalization SouthAfrican farmers have started heeding the call from the government of Georgia to come to the former Soviet republic Thirteen French officers 'captured by Syrian Army'  The Vast Majority Of Israelis Are Against A Unilateral Strike Against Iran  only one in five Israelis, or 19 percent, favor unilateral military strikes against Iran's nuclear facilities without Washington's approval. Brazil has declared a fresh currency war on the US and Europe, extending a tax on foreign borrowings and threatening further capital controls in an effort to protect the country's struggling manufacturers. Swedish hospital seeks new 'hot' nurses  A hospital in Stockholm has published a job advertisement trying to attract nurses who are both qualified and TVseries hot in what has been explained as an attempt to catch peoples attention. Heroes of Japan's Nuclear Disaster All but Forgotten  Smart concrete Iran makes some of the worlds toughest concrete. It can cope with earthquakes and, perhaps, bunkerbusting bombs Syrian forces 'carrying out mass arrests and executions' in Homs Moscow Protesters Denounce Putin Victory Student faces prison for speaking out in royalist Thailand
The fate of Kanthoop, 20, who faces up to 15 years in jail for 'having opinions', highlights country's harsh promonarchy laws