 More workers will die building World Cup infrastructure than players will take to the field, an article on the mistreatment of migrant workers in the runup to the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar 'Naming the Dead' project will name and number people killed by drone airstrikes to challenge CIA claims of no civilian deaths in Pakistan Chinese law criminalizes online posts that are read by more than 5,000 people or reblogged more than 500 times 'All Muslims leave... we only want to kill nonMuslims' Gunmen massacre at least 22 in Kenyan shopping mall after releasing anyone who could prove they were Islamic by reciting a prayer Pope attacks global economics for worshipping 'god of money' Teaching union furious as Islamic free school staff are told they must wear hijab even if they are not Muslim NSA Fallout Officials are now talking about laying fibreoptic cables to Latin American countries and Europe so that Brazils international online traffic bypasses the United States North Korean collapse inevitable, according to new report. A collapse would risk civil war, a humanitarian crisis or even war with China when China moves to annex territory. Uruguay First To Fully Legalize Marijuana Saudi Arabian women call new day of defiance against driving ban Israeli troops attack EU diplomats, seize West Bank aid material Israeli forces join Kenya battle to end deadly mall siege Indias Mars Mission to be launched on Oct 28 When the terrorist attack started at a Nairobi mall, photographer Tyler Hicks from the NY Times was right next door. Here's his report France will introduce a levy on nuclear energy as well as a tax on carbon emissions from fossil fuels to raise billions needed to boost renewable power and improve energy efficiency Muslim groups oppose ban on child marriage 64 people were killed and 143 others wounded in car bomb attacks in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad on Saturday, police said. Major US security company warns over NSAsubverted encryption protocol; RSA sends email to global customers over default random number generator which uses weak formula A Berlin judge has banned a Muslim lawyer from wearing a headscarf in his courtroom stating she should show religious neutrality. The lawyer, who has not been named, was told by a judge three times that she was not allowed to wear a headscarf in court. 400% More Fukushima plant workers show health problems (VIDEO) Chinas Fallen Politician Bo Xilai Sentenced to Life Imprisonment Ancient Woodland in Kent to be Uprooted for Quarry  Ruling comes despite allegations of political & legal bullying & outburst of foul language by minister Eric Pickles. 80 acres of woodland was condemned to be turned into a quarry to supply Kentish ragstone to a company. Switzerland referendum voters to keep army conscription Typhoon Usagi hits southern China. Storm brings travel chaos and puts nuclear power plant on alert, but spares Hong Kong after warnings of severe threat to city Latest Snowden Leaks Show GCHQ Gleefully Hacking Belgian Telco ...the British wanted to use this access for complex attacks (Man in the Middle attacks) on smartphone users. The head of GCHQ's NAC described Operation Socialist in the presentation as a success. WikiLeaks released 249 documents from 92 global intelligence contractors. These reveal how, US, EU and developing world intelligence agencies have rushed into spending millions on nextgeneration mass surveillance technology to target communities, groups and whole populations. North Korean coast guard opens fire on Russian vessel [xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews] Ecuador US has seemingly denied visas to a delegation that was set to travel to the UN General Assembly in New York to present their case regarding an ongoing dispute against ChevronTexaco. NASA declared the Deep Impact mission lost on Friday, after a computer glitch doomed the cometsmashing spacecraft. Greece is moving to effectively outlaw the extremeright Golden Dawn party by asking prosecutors to declare it a criminal organization...It presented prosecutors with a legal file that it says it acted as an organized ganga felony under Greece's penal codeand declaring it a threat to public order As crime rises, French rally behind jeweller who shot and killed armed robber Pope urges Catholic doctors to refuse abortions Israel army roughs up EU envoys on West Bank aid trip for Palestinians Gunmen attack Kenyan shopping centre leaving at least 15 people dead Beware Of Data Spying, Former NSA Official Warns Canadians 'Every democracy is going this way,' William Binney, a former technical director of the U.S. National Security Agency [NSA], said ahead of a planned trip to a civilliberties conference in Toronto [Canada] Syria declares its chemical weapons arsenal, first step in USRussian deal Yale Professor Fukushima Unit 4 pool in perilous condition  All of humanity will be threatened for thousands of years if not able to be kept cool Diplomats from a number of European countries and the UN have reacted angrily after Israeli soldiers intervened to prevent them delivering aid to Bedouins in the West Bank Obama to nominate Goldman Sachs partner Bruce Heyman as new ambassador to Canada In Spain, website owners can now get six years in prison for linking to copyrighted material Israeli soldier, missing for 24 hours, found murdered in West Bank.Palestinian admitted that he lured the soldier into the West Bank and murdered him in order to trade his body for the release of his incarcerated brother. White Muslim convert planned to steal bodyguard's gun and murder Prince Harry for having 'blood on his hands' Two UK universities ban Blurred Lines for promoting rape culture On Internet, Brazil is beating US at its own game an analysis of what Brazil is doing against NSA spying Trafficking case against Saudi princess dismissed Tunisian women have traveled to Syria to have sex with rebel fighters, a practice known as sexual jihad. AntiEuro Party Gaining Steam in Germany. Why are so many Westerners homeless in Thailand? Pope Francis sets out vision for more gay people and women in 'new' church Danish engineers plan to send astronaut into space in homemade rocket made from cork, duct tape Mother given jail sentence for sending her son, named Jihad, to school wearing a T shirt with the words 'I am a bomb' and 'Born on 9/11' on it. She said it was a joke. WikiLeaks leaks The Fifth Estate script, says Most of the events depicted never happened, or the people shown were not involved in them. He called climate change crap  now Australias new Prime Minister abolishes watchdog A porpoise slaughter 7x larger than Taiji's 'The Cove' is about to begin. Kenya poachers to be named and shamed online. Smoking to be banned in UK prisons in 2014 British Spy Agency GCHQ Hacked Belgian Telecoms Firm 2,000YrOld Warrior Grave & 5 Spears Found in England at Site Soon to be Golf ClubhouseThe warrior was a member of the Catuvellauni tribe from the time of the Roman conquest of Britain. 5.3 magnitude earthquake near Fukushima nuclear plant Tunisian girls return home pregnant after sexual jihad in Syria Due to the economic crisis, some exprisoners are committing crimes to get back into prison. NASA Curiosity Rover Detects No Methane on Mars. A huge blow in hope on finding life on the planet's surface. President of Iran Hassan Rouhani OpEd In Washington Post Time to engage France erupts over manslaughter charges against jeweller who killed robber 5.8 Magnitude Earthquake hits Japan near the same Fukushima Nuclear Plant France suggests it is ready to give weapons to Syrian rebels US judge accepts Halliburton's guilty plea for destroying evidence in Gulf oil spill probe. Pope Wants 'Airport Bishops' Grounded Pope Francis on Thursday [19 September 2013] lashed out at what he called the scandal of 'airport bishops', urging his peers to remain rooted in their dioceses and spend less time seeking the spotlight. Children find 10 handcuffed, blindfolded corpses in Baghdad Russia 'seizes' Greenpeace ship after Arctic rig protest Member states of the UN nuclear agency voted down an Arabbacked resolution targeting the Jewish state for criticism over its clandestine nuclear weapons arsenal. President Obama may meet Iranian President Rouhani in NY! US Denies Venezuela's President Airspace Access For China Trip British Banks to block internet porn sites Websites which fail to stop children accessing pornography will have payments to them blocked by banks and credit card companies as part of a government plan to help clean up the internet, The Telegraph has learnt. Putin says he may seek 4th presidential term The Curiosity Rover just found water on Mars Researchers Sonar mapping for oil near Madagascar killed 100 whales The death of a young Saudi during a car chase by the countrys religious police has stirred uproar on the social media, especially after it became known that the involved members of the Saudi religious police fled the scene of the accident. Malala Yousafzai tells UN to send books, not guns. Instead of sending weapons, instead of sending tanks to Afghanistan and all these countries which are suffering from terrorism, send books. Instead of sending tanks, send pens. Instead of sending soldiers, send teachers. The TomTato Plant which produces both potatoes and tomatoes launched in UK The Indian Supreme Court gives voters right to reject all candidates Syrian arsenal will be easier to diasarm than initially expected U.S. and Russia Say Majority of Syrian Chemical Arsenal Is Unweaponized Youre not the boss of the world Regular Iranian citizens speak directly to America The Palestinian village erased from the map Demolition of Makhul shows how Israelis are transforming the Jordan Valley, despite international condemnation Study Effectiveness Of U.S. Drone Strikes Doubtful Britain accused of trying to block EU data protection law Iran news agency slams CNN for fabricating Rouhanis Holocaust remarks IPCC climate report Global warming now 'unequivocal' Risky Repair of Fukushima Could Spill 15,000 Times the Radiation of Hiroshima, Create 85 Chernobyls Russian court orders Greenpeace activists to be held without charge  More than 20 people detained for up to two months over the protest against offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Canadian Man Gets 9 Yrs for Artifact TheftHe stole some 1,600 artifacts from museums, galleries, archives. We felt it was important to distinguish this case from simply a theft of electronics, which you can replace easily. He's agreed to forfeit his home, bank account, & seized artifacts. Fukushima plant's undersea radiation curtain ripped, TEPCO Damage was found Thursday on one of the undersea curtains installed near the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant to help contain radiation contamination, plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. said. Saudi Bankrolling of alQaeda Well Known to U.S. Government Kenya mall shooting Dozens of families unsure if loved ones are dead or alive. MoD study sets out how to sell wars to the public Want to stay alive in Lebanon? There's an app for that. Lebanese developers are designing applications to keep people safe as Syriarelated violence intensifies. Greek Special Forces present gov't with 15 demands including immediate resignation of government; urge march on square this Saturday Syria's Disneyland for Jihadists Foreign Islamists coming into Syria have been gathering in the relatively quiet north. But many of them are finding transit towns  with good food, video games and smoking  preferable to the front. When they do end up fighting, it's often with each other IPCC Report Australia Can Expect 6C Rise on Hottest Days  Reptile, bird and mammal species set to vanish along with Kakadu wetlands by end of century, scientists' report reveals Dictatorship 101 Dont Shut Off the Internet for a Day The Internet monitoring firm Renesys reports that Sudans Internet is back up after a 24hour complete blackout Iran's new president Yes, the Holocaust happened. Whatever criminality they committed against the Jews we condemn. The taking of human life is contemptible. It makes no difference whether that life is a Jewish life, Christian or Muslim. A fossil unearthed in China is hailed by scientists as the most significant paleontological discovery in decades. The Pope Says The World Worships A God Called Money Stunned mountaineer finds box of treasure containing jewels worth up to 330,000, buried in ice on glacier in Alps. PressTV  Move the United Nations headquarters out of the United States, Bolivian president says Revealed Qatar's World Cup 'slaves'  Abuse and exploitation of migrant workers preparing emirate for 2022 World Cup US puts pressure on India because of their cheap medicine that undercuts big pharma NSA spied on Indian embassy and UN mission, Edward Snowden files reveal Qatar World Cup construction 'will leave 4,000 migrant workers dead' Qatar's construction frenzy ahead of the 2022 World Cup is on course to cost the lives of at least 4,000 migrant workers before a ball is kicked, the International Trade Union Congress has claimed. Prominent Mexicans urge government to decriminalize marijuana NSA spying row bugging friends is unacceptable, warn Germans. Atheism to be taught to Irish schoolchildren Up to 16,000 primary school pupils in nondenominational sector will get tuition in atheism, while the rest will be offered courses on the internet and on smartphone apps 62% of Scottish people now feel only Scottish, with only 18% feeling Scottish and British Nearly one worker is dieing each day at the construction sites of the Fifa world championship stadiums in Qatar Violent clashes in Greece as thousands march against fascism Human Rights Watch urges Israel to stop displacing Bedouins US govt prevented drone strike victims from meeting with Congress, lawyer claims Hornet Attacks Kill 18 in China  Over 100 people stung by swarms of insects in Angkang city in Shaanxi province. People warned to be vigilant if they go into the woods. Zimbabwe poachers jailed 15 years for elephant poisoning. A Zimbabwe court on Wednesday sentenced three poachers to at least 15 years in prison each for poisoning and killing 81 elephants, state radio reported. Bolivian President Plans To Sue The US For Diverting Presidential Planes For the first time, the UN is allowing Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to use the headofstate chair Russia Says Sarin Gas in Aug. 21 Syria Attack was 'Homemade' Israel on sidelines as world rushes to embrace Iran's Rouhani A 14yearold rape survivor was allegedly forced to strip at a police station in eastern Uttar Pradesh, India, apparently to prove that she was sexually assaulted. Human remains found on Costa Concordia Eddie Izzard declares he will stand for London mayor in 2020 1st Example of Whispering Observed in NonHuman Primates  Researchers noticed tamarin monkeys communicating with each other at a 'reduced amplitude' in the presence of zoo staff they disliked Iran president Were tired of war Retired British Marine who was having coffee at the mall when the violence broke out rushed in and out of the building 12 times to save around 100 people from the takeoverstyle massacre India to Build Largest Solar Plant in World  Its Incoming Solar Power Plant will be Bigger than US's 10 Biggest Combined. Plan to use 23,000 acres for it at 4GW of power. NSA planted bugs at Indian missions in D.C., U.N. Vigilante paedophile hunters are on the rise in the UK. Group Letzgo warns We are vigilantes, definitely. Were not working within the law. I would like to warn paedophiles we are coming for you and we will do our best to catch you. Poland should be merged with Germany, says former Polish president who led the country to freedom from Communism. Chinas wealthiest families score $720 billion in undeclared gray income  Gray income has reached staggering levels & is contributing to massive income inequality far worse than official statistics. Richest 10% make some 21 times more than poorest 10%. Greece targets its own police departments in crackdown against fascist Golden Dawn party Untouchable woman stripped and paraded in the streets by upper caste men to avenge an affront to their pride. Pirate Bay Founder Hacking Sentence Slashed in Half on Appeal, from two years to one. Corroding Our Democracy Canada Silences Scientists, Targets Environmentalists in Tar Sands Push Activists fight to preserve Beirut's Roman Heritage  Lebanese activists trying to stop construction of homes over a 2,000yearold chariot race track Irans New President, in First U.N. Appearance, Preaches Tolerance, Says His Country Is No Threat Roma people are like all EU citizens so they can live where they want, Europe warns France to stop kicking Roma out of the country NSA is targeting India's Nuclear, Space, and Political Programs Nation's strategic, commercial interests may have been compromised Qatar Airways has come under scrutiny on Wednesday after it was accused of forcing its female workers to seek permission from the company when they decide to get married. In a report released by ITF, the airline was found to also mandate that women tell a supervisor if they become pregnant. One person killed and two injured in West Papua as Indonesian police shoot at villagers who refused to cut hair and beards In first public letter since stepping down, expope Benedict denies covering up child sex abuse An underwater pyramidal structure identified in the Azores islands (60m high, 8K square meter) Zimbabwean authorities say at least 81 elephants have been killed by poachers using cyanide in water holes Signaling that he may be serious about cooperating with the United States and averting military strikes against his government, Syrian President Bashar Assad has disclosed the locations of dozens of chemical weapons production and storage sites to international inspectors. Rouhani to UN 'Imaginary Iranian threat propaganda' dangerous for world security The Canadian Forces is requiring wounded vets to sign a form acknowledging they wont criticize senior officers or discourage others in uniform with their comments on social media sites You CANNOT masturbate publicly in Sweden. The earlier reports were just a mistake in translation. BP seeks to have Gulf Coast oil spill settlement payments suspended Brazilian president Rousseff launches tirade against US over NSA surveillance at United Nations 44kg of gold bars worth $2million were loaded onto the plane but when it landed they were missing... Air France in more trouble 4yearold British boy in Nairobi mall confronts armed terrorist, tells him You are a bad man. Terrorist begs for forgiveness. Stephen Fry joins demand to end NSA and GCHQ mass surveillance China will consume more processed food than the U.S. by 2015 Very big quake (7.8) in Pakistan creates new island! Link to pic included Google Launches 'Constitute' Site for Exploring World's Constitutions Untouchable girl raped. Woman police officer intimidates victim into not revealing rapist names Pope Francis orders excommunication of priest who spoke out against the church's positions on gay marriage and women becoming priests. Guys turned away from a nightclub in Russia return with automatic weapons and go on a five minute shooting spree while shouting Allah akhbar. Coral Alert destruction of reefs 'accelerating' with 1/2 destroyed over past 30 yrs  The ecosystem has been around for tens of millions of years & we are wiping it out within 100... & the trend is accelerating. Humankinds Most Dangerous Moment Fukushima Fuel Pool at Unit 4. This is an Issue of Human Survival. US military to stop updates on hunger strike at Guantanamo Bay China to lease 7.4 million acres of farmland in Ukraine for 50 years to keep up with rising food demand Hundreds riot at Foxconn's China factoryArmed workers at a Foxconn factory in China fight with counterparts from another province, resulting in dozens hospitalized and three reportedly killed EU not satisfied with US retorts on spying scandal Poland declines once again to answer questions on alleged CIA jails Speedy Trains Transform China  Just five years after the rail system opened, it is carrying nearly twice as many passengers as the country's domestic airline industry. Pakistan 7.8 earthquake on Sept. 24,2013 A 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit Pakistan at 1629 local time Tuesday. NSA accused of hacking into India's nuclear systems BBC News  China says it has banned the export to North Korea of several weaponrelated technologies which could be used in the development of nuclear weapons. Russia accuses Greenpeace crew of 'piracy' in Arctic Russian prosecutors have accused 30 Greenpeace activists of piracy and say they will prosecute all of them for trying to board an Arctic oil platform. Australian Broadcasting Commission's Media Watch Finds Murdoch Journalists in Publications across the Globe repeating each others mistakes and misinformation regarding the new IPCC Report Two American journalists known for their investigations of the United States' government said Saturday [28 September 2013] they've teamed up to report on the National Security Agency's role in what one called a 'U.S. assassination program.' In India, the Supreme Court has ruled that a NoneoftheAbove button must be included on electronic voting machines, allowing people to cast votes of no confidence in all candidates. 'It is time to end the war on drugs', says top UK police chief Mom who held down 4yearold son so stepfather could rape him gets 20 years Greatest threat to Muslim world is extremists who are using Islam as an excuse to commit violence Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak tells UN General Assembly Top Saudi cleric says women who drive risk damaging their ovaries Westgate Mall Photographer Goran Tomasevic If I Get Shot, I Get Shot. NSFW Islamists who demand their own shariah law and exemption from national law in Philippines tried to reignite civil war. 218 dead so far. Afghanistan opens up 1.5 Billion Barrels of Oil for production to the highest bidder. No takers. Britains harsh crackdown on Internet porn prompts freespeech debate 'Perhaps more than any other Western nation, critics say, Britain has become a test case for how and whether to more deeply police Internet images and social media in free societies.' 'Breast ironing' Girls have chests flattened out to disguise the onset of puberty Barbaric custom that takes place in Cameroon may have been imported to the UK The punishment was death by stoning. The crime? Having a mobile phone;This barbaric form of execution is on the rise, and campaigners are calling on the UN to act Slavery is banned in Nepal. But hidden behind the walls of city homes, some still keep young girls as slaves called kamlaris. Majority of French believe Roma should leave France Brazilian journalist getting arrested in US How I was handcuffed and arrested at Yale Law School Israel must sign nonnuclear treaty Egypt's FM BBC News  Germany's Siemens to axe 15,000 jobs 'We must be able to chuck out people who threaten our country' Cameron reveals Britain could leave human rights convention  The European Convention has been responsible for deeply controversial decisions including repeatedly blocking the deportation of radical cleric Abu Qatada. Boko Haram militants fire on sleeping students in college dorm in Nigeria A fifth of Hong Kongs population is living in poverty, underscoring the challenge Chief Executive Leung Chunying faces in seeking to narrow a record wealth gap. Bertolli Makes the Most of Barilla Chairman's AntiGay Comments Love & pasta for all! Italian centerright leader Silvio Berlusconi pulled his ministers out of the ruling coalition on Saturday, effectively bringing down the government of Prime Minister Enrico Letta and leaving Europe's thirdlargest economy in chaos. Fukushima disaster New information about worstcase scenarios. MSFs six hospitals and two clinics in Syria are conducting an average of 10,000 consultations and 430 surgical acts per month, while supporting 28 hospitals and 56 health clinics throughout Syria. All report dire shortages of essential medical supplies... (/r/doctorswithoutborders xpost) The Japanese government has asked local authorities and staterun universities not to post maps provided by Google Inc. on their websites because some of them include foreign place names that undermine Japans territorial claims, sources said Saturday. Drug Is Found to Eradicate HIV Permanently from Infected Cells Iranian President Hassan Rouhani returns to Tehran, and is greeted by 200300 supporters offering thanks for his conciliatory overtures to the West, while about 60 hardliners chanted 'Death to America' and hurled shoes and eggs at his convoy. An international team of sniper hitmen have been caught, plotting to murder a DEA agent and others; reads like a Tom Clancy novel. Greek police arrest Golden Dawn Party leader and a party lawmaker AlQaeda now controls more territory and can call on more fighters than at any time since bin Laden created the organization. Tunisia's Islamist Government Agrees To Step Down In Response To Mass Secular Protests In wake of gang rape, India sees rise of women only taxis, buses and parks Chinese police rescue 92 abducted children  Chinese police have rescued 92 abducted children and held 301 suspected members of a huge trafficking network, the authorities say. In the latest twist in a controversy that has divided Germans, a regional court has ruled that doctors need to discuss circumcision procedures with the child before they can be carried out. 2,700yearold Persian artifact returned by U.S. to Iran Record Label Picks Copyright Fight With The Wrong Guy Obama Announces Historic Phone Call With Iranian President Rouhani Bolivian President Morales  Obama can invade any country for US energy needs Britain and the US have betrayed their troops' Iraqi and Afghan interpreters Qatar World Cup 'Slaves' Dying At Shocking Rate (VIDEO) A Corporate Coup of a Different Order  The Growing Resistance to the TPP '...to characterize the TPP as a trade deal is imprecise.. it has less to do with the exchange of goods than with altering regulations covering medicine, agriculture, finance, IP, and labor and environmental standards.' Elephants being hunted down and advertised by NBC Hardline protesters hurled eggs and a shoe at President Hassan Rouhani of Iran as he returned to Tehran on Saturday after supporters cheered him for reaching out to President Obama. U.S., Iranian presidents have historic conversation,which was the first talk between the two countries' heads of state for more than 30 years, regarding the ongoing efforts to pursue a deal over Iran's nuclear program. Ominous Signs, Then a Cruel Attack The Westgate mall, which is owned by Israelis, was a glitzy mecca for rich Kenyans and expats, a symbol of Kenyas newfound decadence. Now 400 tons a day of toxic water is estimated to be entering Pacific from Fukushima plant; Up 100 tons from what Tepco previously claimed  Asahi Leakage of radioactive material is becoming serious China ends video game console ban with new Shanghai trade zone How hundreds of thousands of pet dogs are snatched in Thailand, smuggled into Vietnam, and eaten at Hanoi's top restaurants Seymour Hersh on death of Osama bin Laden Its one big lie, not one word of it is true The First Victim of Russia's AntiGay Law Is Dead Razor 1911 Because of the recent efforts to close down wikileaks. We have decided to join up in the massmirroring of the site. For free journalism on a free internet. Just a reminder, only 837 documents out of 251,287 have been released so far by Wikileaks. Even if you take down the server in Sweden, it's too late, Swiss Pirate Party VP Pascal Gloor says. There are hundreds of mirrors of WikiLeaks now. It's a test for Internet censorship. Can governments take something off the net? I think not. Payback Bank That Froze Julian Assange's Bank Account Has Now Been Taken Down By Hackers Wikileaks cables reveal that the US wrote Spain's proposed copyright law Julian Assange is top of the TIME person of the year poll!  At the centre of a tightening web of death threats, sexcrime accusations and highlevel demands for a treason trial, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange threatened to unleash a 'thermonuclear device' of completely unexpurgated government files if he is forced to appear before authorities. The Swiss Bank Post Finance today issues a press release stating that it had frozen Julian Assange's defense fund and personal assets (31K EUR) after reviewing him as a high profile individual. Revenge of the Persians Iran has methodically hunted down and killed 182 pilots who bombed Iran during the IranIraq war Fresh doubts raised over how Dr Kelly is said to have killed himself after being named as the prime source of a BBC report accusing Tony Blairs government of lying to take Britain into war. But the lack on fingerprints on the pill packets cast fresh doubt China Clones, Sells Russian Fighter Jets  For almost 20 years China bought fighter planes from postSoviet Russia. Now it's worked out how to make them better and cheaper in China. It's no longer a valued customer of Russia. It's a lethal competitor Leaked diplomatic memos said that European Union President Herman Van Rompuy told America's ambassador that the EU no longer believes in success in Afghanistan, and that European troops are still there 'out of deference to the United States.' WikiLeaks' Assange Calls for Obama to Resign if Shown to Have Approved UN Spying  World Watch  CBS News MasterCard pulls plug on WikiLeaks payments Facing hundreds of death threats, Julian Assange
considering seeking asylum in Switzerland. WikiLeaks will release encrypted 'doomsday file' if Assange is detained or the website is permanently removed from the internet A pair of suicide bombers disguised as policemen killed 50 people Monday in an attack targeting a tribal meeting called to discuss the formation of an antiTaliban militia in northwest Pakistan
 Wikileaks China's GDP is manmade, unreliable Roughly 5,500 classified cables from the US Embassy in Baghdad paint a grim picture of why America's stunning military victory over Iraq devolved into disaster The Americans allowed themselves to get entangled in the SunniShiite conflict while being systematically outmaneuvered by the Iranians. Assange Accuser Worked with USFunded, CIATied AntiCastro Group Wikileaks European arrest warrant for Julian Assange arrives in UK Royal Bank of Scotland has advised clients to take out protection against the risk of a sovereign default by China as one of its top trade trades for 2011 14year Mexican Assassin is Actually American;Charged with Beheading, max penalty is 3 years US is silent  Hispanically Speaking News Hitchens Julian Assange should turn himself in. A Paris court has said Continental Airlines was criminally responsible for the crash of a Concorde supersonic jet 10 years ago, and fined it 200,000 euros (170,000). Iraq Kurds attack ISIS jihadists, retake villages Extremists will have to get posts on Facebook and Twitter approved in advance by the police under sweeping rules planned by the UK Conservatives. They will also be barred from speaking at public events if they represent a threat to the functioning of democracy Earth lost 50% of its wildlife in the past 40 years, says WWF | Species across land, rivers and seas decimated as humans kill for food in unsustainable numbers and destroy habitats Sister of slain scientist says Iran killed him because he would not agree to help weaponize peaceful nuclear activities. MH370 search reveals vast underwater world with huge volcanoes and ridges deeper than the Grand Canyon ISIS has reportedly surrounded the Turkish territory in Syria the Tomb of Suleyman Shah. 36 Turkish soldiers are reportedly located at the tomb where they defend the territory. Global Survey We're Eating Better, But Our Diet is Unsustainable  More people eating local & organic foods, but it's not enough. India, ranking 1st in food sustainability, came out far ahead, thanks to its cultural eating habits. Nearly 1 in 4 Indians is a vegetarian. World's fourth largest sea dried up completely NASA Indian Prime Minister ends Central Park speech with I salute you may the Force be with you. Apple faces billions in fines in tax avoidance probe Hong Kong Protesters Connect Without Cell or WiFi Networks ProDemocracy Protesters Are Downloading a FastGrowing App Called FireChat to Stay in Touch Facebook Will Sell Users' Data to Serve Ads on Sites Across the Web Indian Spacecraft Snaps Spectacular Portrait of Mars (Photo) Russian TV presents pictures from MH17 as mass graves of civilians killed by retreating Ukrainian troops Isis an hour away from Baghdad  with no sign of Iraq army being able to make a successful counterattack  and US air strikes are making little difference A former psychologist has been executed for heresy in Iran after eight years in detention, human rights groups said, in the latest example of what activists say is a worrying rise in the use of death penalty by the Islamic Republic. Afghanistan signs pact to keep U.S. troops in the country beyond 2014, secure billions more in aid Drug use will spread if religion classes are not required, says Turkish President Erdoan Canada Demands Google, Netflix Data, Sets Deadline  Broadcast regulator on Monday gave American companies Google & Netflix 3day deadline to turn over subscriber data or have their testimony expunged from a major public hearing. Canadian Minister of Citizenship and Immigration, Chris Alexander, has asked Pakistan to stop supporting insurgency, stating that there were no doubts of Pakistan being a terrorist safehaven. Hong Kong's mass protest is networked. Activists are relying on a free app that can send messages without any cellphone connection. Iran executes man for heresy Brazil's Silent Abortion Dilemma  The risks faced by Brazilian women seeking an abortion has been highlighted by the brutal death of a 27yearold woman. It's only legal under the most exceptional circumstances in Brazil  a traditionally Catholic country. Yet 1 in 5 have an abortion by age 40. Mining firm Vale sets up beehives housing 350,000 on a remediation site in Copper Cliff, Ontario, in order to promote pollination and accelerate the revegetation process. They have also pledged to plant 3.3 million trees around the Sudbury area. Hong Kong Fake Occupy Central app targets activists smartphones with spyware  Suspicious behaviour by the application included recording audio and obtaining the location of the device. It's a malware with spy behaviour Paypal bans Wikileaks just before midnight Friday Wikileaks is not dead, only the url.  you can access 
WikiLeaks through www.wikileaks.ch or directly at 
213.251.145.96. Wikileaks Cables  Leading Chinese politician 
ordered attacks on Google after Googling his own 
name and finding critical articles UK. People invade stores in push for government to tax the rich and big companies more instead of making budget cuts Pakistan Judge Upholds Right of WikiLeaks to Publish Freely US army warns soldiers in Iraq against viewing WikiLeaks As part of efforts to block the release of documents obtained by WikiLeaks, there is an escalating campaign, led by the US government, to bring down the organizations web site. Russias Shadow War on Georgia, WikiLeaked Why Farmers Are Flocking to Manure  Chemical fertiliser prices are rising. Supplies of potash from Canada are dwindling. Farmers may be forced back to using something so repugnant that the word itself was scrubbed from polite conversation Wet work in Iran Prof. Majid Shahriari, who died when his car was attacked in North Tehran Monday, Nov. 29, headed the team Iran established for combating the Stuxnet virus rampaging through its nuclear and military networks WikiLeaks Gadaffi nearly caused nuclear disaster after UN tent snub WikiLeaks cables Yemen offered US 'open door' to attack alQaida on its soil Wikileaks files show UK considered 'paranoid' by US Why Amazon Caved  
Harvard researcher discusses Amazon's decision to boot Wikileaks. Highlights contradiction that, whereas we think of internet as public space, it's owned by private companies, who can do what they like AstraZeneca raided in EC competition investigation. Europe's competition watchdog has raided a string of pharmaceutical companies including AstraZeneca over possible collusion in delaying the introduction of cheap, generic drugs.  Irish Goverment Will Be Decimated In Election  The next war in the Ivory Coast World leaders have criticised a decision by Cote D'Ivoire's constitutional court to reverse the results of Sunday's vote, warning that it could plunge the country back into civil war Easter Island land dispute clashes leave dozens injured Do Ask, Must Tell  You won't believe what the Turkish military makes gay recruits do Carne Ross, former British Ambassador to the U.N., mocked and derided Keller (editor of NY Times) for being guided by the U.S. Government's directions on what should and should not be published Lebanon 'gave Israel army tips' on how they might defeat Hezbollah. Only 51 percent of Israelis said that Jewish and Arab citizens should have equal rights. 33% supported putting Arabs in internment camps if war breaks out. North Korea's Kim Jongun Portrait of a leader in the making After almost half a century of Israeli occupation its Palestinian population has shrunk from over 200,000 to fewer than 60,000. . On a nearby wall, someone had daubed in Hebrew Bless God for not making me a gentile. BBC Radio debate about what the future bodes for 
government secrecy given the Wikileaks cables  
includes John Negroponte and a contributor to the 
Wikileaks project b'Islamic justice 16yearold girl lashed 101 times for conceiving after rape, while the rapist was pardoned' b'Australian ISP iiNet wins copyright court case against major film and TV studios' Dr. Aafia disappeared with her children in 2003 while visiting her parents in Pakistan. CIA listed her as a secret detainee in 2007. In 2008, she was found to be in FBI's custody in Afghanistan. With one child believed to be dead, she has now been found guilty of attempted murder of US soldiers. b'50% of the Dutch want pot legalized, vs. 25% in favor of prohibition, poll shows (Dutch link)' b'Last speaker of ancient language of Bo dies in India' Australian 'nude photos' banker gains web support b'Swift (processing transaction for over 8000 banks) refuses to hand over European bank transaction details to the USA. (Dutch link)' b'British Muslims are forgoing legal marriages in favor of religious ones. This allows the husbands to simply change the locks on the house one day with the wife having no recourse.' Uganda's proposed antihomosexuality bill  life in prison for homosexual acts, death penalty for 'serial offenders'... b'India Anyone exposing the illegal actions of the police  the rapes and killings of adivasis over the last five years  has been targeted. Himanshu Kumar, a Gandhian, has been evicted from the area; Dr Binayak Sen was jailed.' b'In Mexico, drug cartels are starting to run the rehab clinics.' b'Boa Sr, 85 years old, and the last speaker of the Andamanese language Bo dies, adding another language to list of extinct human languages. ' b'Yemen to Soon Have the Worlds First Waterless Capitaln' b'Israel accused of not being serious about peace, wants to push for war. ' Exclave's 10,000strong protest rocks Russian politics  b'iiNET wins court case against Hollywood heavyweights' b'Sinn Fein believes it has basis for Northern Ireland deal ' b'Video shows plane with US missionaries shot down in CIA operation in Peru, killing a baby and the mother' b'Huge blazing fireball sighted in sky above Ireland' b'Sophisticated Taliban Bombing Kills 3 US Troops, Embarrasses Pakistan Gov. by Revealing US Troop Presence on Ground' b'Pakistan president is a little superstitious.' Gen. Petraeus says strike on Iran could spark nationalism. So don't push it Israel. b'The USGermany divide on Iran Will the two allies stick together in imposing sanctions on the Islamic Republic?' b'Truth over delusion Hugo Chavez did not accuse the U.S. of causing the Haitian earthquake' b'This has been kept very quiet.... India currently has at least 1000 troops deployed in Afghanistan.' b'Harvard student expelled from Israel because she had an essay on her computer hard drive that was sympathetic to Palestinians.' b'33 Haitian children returned to their parents after good christians try to kidnap them' b'This deserves nobel peace prize.. it has changed so many lives for the better...$28 Artificial limb..Wow..' b'AC/DC singer attacks Bono and Bob Geldof over charity lectures ' b'China cancels 80% of Iraq debt 8.5billiondollar ' b'Riots in North Korea amid food shortages' b'The German government intends to purchase a CD containing information about tax evaders with Swiss bank accounts, even though members of the ruling coalition have warned against dealing with thieves. In its quest again tax cheats, Berlin is even prepared to risk a fallingout with Switzerland.' b'A foreign national who forced his French wife to wear the burqa is denied French citizenship' b'France to support bluefin tuna trade ban.' According to some you are trying to 'destroy Israel' if you are a charity organization trying to help refugees Tony Blair 'lied' to parliament, his cabinet and public over Iraq warn b'Psychological trauma and its effects on the children of Gaza 73% of Gaza children are still suffering from psychological and behavioral disorders, including psychological trauma, nightmares, involuntary urination, high blood pressure, and diabetes.' b'Iran just executed two demonstrators from the green movement, for protesting.  Yatollah Ahmad Jannati praised the head of Irans judiciary and called on him to hang more demonstrators.' b'Presence of foreigners is growing in South Korea, so are complicated reactions to them' b'Attacker throws animal semen over schoolgirls' b'South African Leader Criticized Over Birth of his 20th Child, the mother being a muchyounger family friend and not one of his three wives.' Three US Marines are among at least 10 people killed in an attack near a girls' school in Pakistan, 63 girls injured b'China leads race to return to moon' b'VaccineAutism Study Is Retracted' b' Iran has successfully launched a rocket carrying a mouse, turtle and worms into space for research purposes. The launch of the Kavoshgar3, which is part of an ambitious Iranian space program that has worried Western powers who fear the technology could also deliver warheads.' UK's ANPR cameras secretly placed and read the numberplate of every passing vehicle, with the data held for two years in the National ANPR Data Centre, regardless of whether the vehicle is linked to crime. b'Search and Surveillance Bill before Parliament In New Zealand' b'The chance of another big earthquake in Haiti in the near future is great enough that people in PortauPrince should sleep in tents  not even in buildings that survived the Jan. 12 quake apparently unscathed, geologists said Monday' b'Iraqi Court overturns ban on hundreds of candidates for next months national election' b'Scientists unlock HIV Secret' b'Internet uprising overturns Australian censorship law' b'Scientologists land in Haiti  screw everything up.' b'FBI and Pakistani police have tortured us. read a scrap of toilet paper tossed by one of the suspects from the window of the vehicle.' Afghanistan, one of the world's poorest countries, is sitting on mineral and petroleum reserves worth an estimated one trillion dollars. b'China warns Obama not to meet Dalai Lama' Twenty years ago today, FW de Klerk addressed South Africa's Parliament  and stunned the world. b'United Kingdom to block air travelers who refuse nude scan' b'Iran to hang nine more over election unrest ' What the hell is going on in Australia these days? South Australia's AttorneyGeneral has defended tougher laws on political comment made on the internet.  ABC News  b'As details from the Sept. 4 bombing in Kunduz, Afghanistan continue to emerge, it has become more apparent that German commanders both disregarded NATO rules of engagement and misled the US pilots who carried out the attack. One pilot says he would have refused to attack had he been told the truth.' McDonald's abroad outsources its food supply chains to private industry. Today, 20 years after the first McDonald's in Russia, private industry has taken over the last import ingredient hamburger buns. McDonald's Russian hamburgers are now 100% Russian. b'UN find challenges Israeli version of attack on civilian building in Gaza war' Russia Faces NeoNazi Threat Country's Extremists Killed 71 People Last Year b'Berlusconi Bring Israel into the EU' b'European Union must stop letting Israeli spies use its passports to carry out targeted assassination Hamas' b'Israel slaps wrists of officers in charge of white phosphorous shelling of a Gaza UN compound, claims The most important thing that... we have absolutely nothing to hide.  ' Britain's secret plan to oust Saddam Hussein drawn up two years before Iraq invasion Why does the Catholic church think that being a paedophile preist is OK but being gay isn't. Pope Benedict attacks government over Equality Bill b'Haitian parents that gave kids to U.S. Baptist missionaries arrested too They promised schooling, soccer fields and even a swimming pool in a better place' b'Israel feels under siege. Like a victim. An underdog ' b'Naked man pursues Google' b'During the final months of the war between the Sri Lankan government and the LTTE, the government confined nearly 300,000 people in what the government called welfare camps in the north. Since early 2008 virtually all civilians fleeing the fighting had been confined in these camps.' b'An Indonesian man has been given compensation after a cigarette he was smoking exploded, taking out six teeth.' b'I interviewed John Lennon, and he was no ultraleft radical' b'Israel attack in flour mill confirmed by UN report Carried out for the purpose of denying food to the civilian population in direct violation of the Geneva Convention and customary international law' Reporters Without Borders condemns the blocking, cyberattacks and political pressure being directed at cablegate.wikileaks.org Assange accuses Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard of betraying him as an Australian citizen in her eagerness to help the US attack him and his organisation Plea to ban WikiLeaks in Pakistan dismissed by Court ... judge said nothing is greater than the truth. Dick Cheney Wanted in Nigeria for Halliburton Bribes  The Daily Beast WikiLeaks Hasn't Leaked Anything Britain is going to scrap the requirement to have scientific advisors on drugs policy. Wikileaks to release some UFO files! WikiLeaks Julian Assange's lawyer denounces Swedish arrest warrant as 'political stunt' North Korea fattens up people for the family reunions between Koreas BBC summary of what has been learned from the leaked US embassy cables WikiLeaks Australia's Kevin Rudd told the US that force might be needed to integrate China into the international community if everything went wrong. Leaked cables show Saudi minister of petroleum helped craft toothless Copenhagen climate accord  John Pilger  Wikileaks  The War You Don't See Award winning journalist speaks about the absurdities put forward by members of the American government WikiLeaks's main server in France has gone offline, say Swiss supporters  The roof falls in on Ireland's Millionaires Row. Shrewsbury Road in Dublin was the sixth most expensive street in the world. Now, postcrash, homes have been abandoned and the tycoon residents have run for the hills Iran tells neighbours 'We'll never use force against you'  We have never used our force against our neighbours and never will because our neighbours are Muslims, said Iran's foreign minister, Manouchehr Mottaki. ExColombian drug smuggler relates how he piloted custombuilt submersibles that can transport threeandahalf tons of pure cocaine to  US KEVIN Rudd warned Hillary Clinton to be prepared to use force against China ''if everything goes wrong Wikileaks Cables Mexican troops captured a 14yearold U.S. citizen that specialized in beheadings as an assassin for one of Mexico's most vicious drug gangs. He admits to killing four people, earning $2,500 for each murder. Swiss Post considers whether to close the Postfinance bank account opened by Wikileaks founder Julian Assange Should We Blame the United States? No, Blame Can. . .Iran! Pakistani cleric says if the government does not hang a Christian mother convicted of blasphemy against Islam, then his mosque will offer a reward of $6,000 to anyone who kills her WikiLeaks Leaked US cables portray Chinas leadership obsessed with threat posed by the Internet to their grip on power  and by the opportunities it offered them, through hacking, to obtain secrets stored in US computers WikiLeaks's French server goes offline Palestinian firefighters help Israel I hope it could be a good opening for cooperation, more humanitarian assistance, and peace says Ibrahim Ayish, Palestinian firefighters' team leader. Hundreds of women report rapes by Qaddafi forces
  First they tied my husband up, the woman wrote. Then they raped me in front of my husband and my husband's brother. Then they killed my husband. India pledges support for Palestine Egypt Hosni Mubarak fined for cutting internet. Let this be a warning for other world leaders. China drought affecting over 34,000,000 people, leaving farmers & livestock without water & parching their grain Leading world politicians urge 'paradigm shift' on drugs policy. Foxconn workers in China speak out Workers complained for weeks about dust that led to deadly explosion Why China Is Really In Big Trouble   I told you the truth, you dont like the truth, Omar Khadr shouts at a Canadian Security Intelligence Service agent. The accused, then aged 16, breaks down Ya Ummi! (Mummy!), he cries in Arabic Iran to create its own Internet Malta has voted Yes in a nonbinding referendum on legalising divorce, Prime Minister Lawrence Gonzi has conceded, local media report. Kindergarten teacher sings songs to kids while guns blaze outside Report Some areas in China under martial law after protests  Here's What's Going To Happen When Greece Defaults  it won't be pretty. Syria protests escalate over apparent torture and killing of a 13yearold boy by the security services The tobacco giants ruthlessly exploits the developing world  its young, poor and uneducated The West now consumes fewer of the world's cigarettes, but the developing world's share has risen sharply to 76% in 2009 Gulf Cooperation Council, a shish kebab of hereditary monarchies, emirates and outright theocracies, sitting on oceans of oil, embark on  internal repression all across the Persian Gulf using Erik Prince's mercenaries and western arms. Mexico detains 36 members of La Familia cartel & 10 members of the Zetas drug gang, including suspects in armed attack on police helicopter
 Arab League seeks UN recognition of Palestine Taliban suicide bomber injures top NATO general in Afghanistan, kills Afghan police chief Mladic's Crimes Have Shaped The World We Live In  
We have the man who ordered the largest mass murder in Europe since the Second World War and now he will face trial. It may not be a comfortable experience for European countries. But better this than a corpse lying in a compound In Russia, Prisons for Police Thrive TEPCO has restored the cooling system of the nuclear reactor and fuel pool at the No. 5 after it stopped working late on Saturday. The Planning Commission of India has set the poverty line at Rs 20 a day. Earn more than that and you are not poor. Oh, and if you live in a village, dont earn more than Rs 15. The Rich Indians Respond Police in Mexico say they have killed 11 suspected members of the powerful La Familia drug cartel after a shootout at a ranch in western Jalisco state.  Murder of Activists Raises Questions of Justice in Amazon Third Brazilian environmentalist killed in a week in Amazon Rainforest region  The United Nations warned on Wednesday [25 May 2011] of a possible crisis of confidence in, and even a 'collapse' of, the U.S. dollar if its value against other currencies continued to decline . . . the U.N. economic division said such a development . . . would imperil the global financial system. Iceland is the worlds most peaceful nation, Somalia worst; US improves to 82nd, behind Gabon and just ahead of Bangladesh Dubai's skyscrapers, stained by the blood of migrant workers. Dubai seems to be a place where the worst of western capitalism and Gulf Arab racism meet in a horrible vortex
 Dutch govt to start banning tourists from buying cannabis from coffee shops and impose restrictions on Dutch customers by the end of the year Russia sells 21 helicopters to U.S. forces in Afghanistan Cancer Now #1 Cause of Death in China, With Lung Cancer Leading UK training Saudi forces used to crush Arab spring Like many before, Amazon activists silenced by gun. Dozens arrested in Russian gay rights rally  UK training Saudi forces used to crush Arab spring | World news | The Observer Dutch government to ban tourists from cannabis shops Spanish Police beating peaceful demonstrators Gay pride parade erupts into violence in Moscow Water Emerges as Hidden Weapon  
Libya's enormous aquatic reserves could become a new weapon of choice if govt forces opt to starve coastal cities that heavily rely on free flowing freshwater As E. coli outbreak spreads, Germany bans cucumbers from Spain  Cucumbers from the Netherlands & Denmark are also suspect Why Spaniards are protesting The demonstrations look like the Arab Spring, but have different aims Air France Crash Explained China declares martial law in parts of the northeast's inner Mongolia autonomous region Air France crash report shows confused cockpit tilted nose up to gain speed  EgyptGaza border permanently opened for the first time in four years. Women, children, and men over the age of 40 can cross freely. Men 1840 can if they obtain a visa. Trade still prohibited. GazaEgypt crossing point operates normally for first time in years  G8 summit Gaddafi isolated as Russia joins demand for Libyan leader to go | World news | The Guardian  Amnesty International Celebrating 50 Years Of Fight For Human Rights Antiriot police clear Cataluna square  EuroNews Spanish police in antiriot gear fired rubber bullets and swung truncheons to disperse peaceful protesters in Barcelona [Video  0.54]  tnnUganda's 'kill gays' friends' bill  nAntigay law worse than thought  Friends who don't rat out friends face death. b'I wonder if the average working Irish citizen is aware that their ambassador is building a 24,000 sqft house in Canada.  ' b'Secret summit of top bankers  Representatives from 24 central banks and monetary authorities including the US Federal Reserve and European Central Bank landed in Sydney to meet tomorrow at a secret location ...' Kim Jongil's regime is even weirder and more despicable than you thought. Germany's foreign minister, Guido Westerwelle, backed the idea of a permanent European army Saturday.  b'Hamas backtracks on apology over harming civilians' b'President Evo Morales of Bolivia champions gender equality at the highest levels of government' Canadian Polygamist Leader Has 25 Wives, Can't Remember Names Of 121 Children b'No wives for 24 Million Chinese Men' b'North Korea releases U.S. activist. North Korea claims that he changed his mind about North Korea after receiving kind treatment, showing 'sincere repentance'.' b'New Russian military doctrine More liberties in terms of use of nuclear weapons due to NATO increasing threat' Australia's silence on death penalty  National angst over death sentences imposed by Indonesia on Aussie drug smugglers. b'The miracle babies of Mexico City 25 years later  As survivors are pulled from Haiti's rubble, a look at the fate of the newborns saved after Mexico City's 1985 earthquake.' b'This is what people need to know about Somalia In December 2006, neighboring Ethiopia invaded Somalia, with the tacit backing of the U.S. Their aim was to overthrow a nascent Islamist government, which managed to bring peace to much of Somalia for a sixmonth stint in 2006.' Video//nnHostesses hit backnJapan's hostesses are forming a union to tackle unscrupulous club managers and owners.    b'Population Growth the Challenge Australia Cannot Ignoren' b'G7 nations pledge to cancel debts with quakehit Haiti ' b'More than 100,000 march in support of Chavez in Venezuela' b'BAE admits guilt over corrupt arms deals' b'Recycling human waste in India (video).' b'Afghan police kill 7 boys collecting firewood' b'BAE Systems handed 286m criminal fines in UK and US' b'IRAN (Is Not The Problem)  Documentary' b'You cannot turn into Mr. Promises, who makes promises just to pull the wool over peoples eyes, to break into positions of power, and then goes about solving his own personal problems without thinking about fulfilling your promises. Putin attempts to criticize his own party after protests.' What advocates of big Australia haven't yet done is spelt out clearly the benefits from such a huge population increase.n b'Turkish girl buried alive by family in honour killing' b'Dubai Police warned that if it is proven that Mossad is behind the assassination of Hamas commander, they will seek an international arrest warrant against Israeli PM Netanyahu' b'Israel Stole $2B from Palestinian Workers, Israeli economists have revealed' b'As Generose lay bleeding near her husbands corpse, the soldiers cut up the amputated leg, cooked the pieces...and ordered her children to eat their mothers flesh. One son refused. If you kill me, kill me, he told the soldiers, as his mother remembers it. But I will not eat a part of my mother.' b'Frances laws, which uphold a strict separation of church and state, prohibit civil servants from wearing conspicuous religious symbols or clothing  including a large crucifix, the Jewish kippa, or the Islamic headscarf  at work.  Headscarfwearing officer to appear before disciplinary committee.' b'Airline bomb suspect singing like a bird  without any torture. Imagine that.' Shackleton's whisky recovered from South Pole ice b'Thousands of tons of trash are thrown into the sea each year, endangering humans and wildlife. A classified German government report indicates that efforts by the United Nations and the European Union to clean up our oceans have failed entirely.' Free Gao the human rights lawyer 'disappeared' by China one year ago today b'BBC News 13yearold girl flees her suicide bomber family, 9yearold sister sent to Paradise' b'Hitlers copyright on Mein Kampf has long been used to keep his inflammatory manifesto off the shelves in Germany. But with the expiration date looming in 2015, there is a developing showdown here over the first German publication of the book since the end of World War II.' CIA Video Of U.S. Missionaries' Plane Being Shot Down In Peru (VIDEO) I can say Americans are lazy and boorish morons. That's fine. If I say the same about Nigerians, I'm jailed  b'Romania has agreed to host missile interceptors as part of a new US defence shield' b'Italian judge fines parents of rapists for failures in upbringing' b'Politics is working in Northern Ireland as leaders announce that police powers will transfer from London to Belfast' b'Germany Confronts the Meaning of War  For years, Germans were just fine thinking of Afghanistan as merely a reconstruction effort  and their political leaders were happy to keep that misconception alive. But since the bombing in Kunduz that killed several civilians, all of that has changed. ' b'Norwegian women allowed to have abortions in Sweden based on gender of baby' b'There is only one voice in Israel the voice of repression, occupation, racism, and warnYesterday Chazan received an email from Jerusalem Post editorinchief David Horovitz, informing her the newspaper would cease publishing her column.' Pirate bill could 'breach rights' b'Weapons manufacturer BAE Systems handed 286m ($447m) criminal fines in UK and US' Israeli commander 'We rewrote rules of war for Gaza attacks' b'Onion Ring More Popular than Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper' b'Music industry threatens to sue individuals for illegal file sharing after iiNet court ruling.' b'Haiti The corporate vultures circle' Egypt finds 17 lost pyramids A satellite survey used infrared images to detect underground buildings What a difference a year makes in 2010, France was trying to sell Libya the Rafale aircraft. In 2011, France is bombing Libya with the Rafale. Amazon rainforest activist shot dead Jos Cludio Ribeiro da Silva killed in ambush in the Brazilian Amazon, six months after predicting his own murder
 Chevron face shareholders after huge $18bn Ecuador fine. An Ecuadorian tribal leader The court, which Chevron chose, found them guilty of poisoning our rainforest, and our families. ..  [we] demand that Chevron cease its lies and pay to clean up the contamination that is choking our communities. Head of Afghan girls' school killed by Taliban  China orders suspension of death sentences China has apparently introduced new standards to reduce the number of criminals it executes. Denmark bans marmite Norway plans billiondollar clean energy initiative for poor. Norway wants to channel billions of dollars to renewable energies in developing nations, building on a scheme to protect tropical forests to which Oslo has been the biggest donor. Netanyahu Address Congress No right of return for Palestinians, No dividing Jerusalem, and tells Fatah to tear up historic deal with Hamas Egyptian pyramids found by infrared satellite images Former head of Pakistan's ISI is 100 per cent sure a Taliban attack on a major naval air base in Karachi was an American operation. US and IAEA officials knew that the Fukushima nuclear power plant suffered a nuclear meltdown within 3.5 hours of the Japan earthquake and subsequently hid it from the public. French group calls for large demonstration in Paris this weekend to show solidarity with tens of thousands of youth demonstrating against austerity programs in Spain Three Months of Civil War in Libya [pics] Assange 'Dramatic Increase' in WhistleBlowers Despite Bradley Manning Case Israel's PM received a rapturous reception from Congress, but US Jewish opinion at large is frustrated with his intransigence. Six Italian seismologists and one government official will be tried for the manslaughter of those who died in an earthquake that struck the city of L'Aquila on 6 April 2009. Libyan parents hope for longsought answers in HIV mystery  More than 400 children were infected with the AIDS virus at a children's hospital in the 1990s. Moammar Kadafi called it a deliberate act by foreign workers, but some now openly question his role. Atomic agency outs Iran's nuke warhead project Egypt is to open the Rafah border crossing into Gaza permanently to Palestinians from Saturday, Egyptian state news agency Mena has said. Iran is considering imposing sanctions on U.S. officials for human rights violations, attempting to turn the tables after years of sanctions imposed by the West. Indian Maoists 'kill and dismember' 10 policemen  Ten policemen, including one senior officer, have been killed and dismembered by Maoist rebels in India's Chhattisgarh state, police say The greatest Amazon River disaster in history In Israel, Netanyahu Seen as Stalling Peace Talks Ash cloud reaches Germany  Police officer will be charged with manslaughter over the death of Ian Tomlinson at the G20 protests NSFW A tank shoots brave Syrian protesters, killing a child. 20th May Mubarak to be tried for death of protestors A police officer will face trial for manslaughter over the death of newspaper seller at the G20 protests. Female Saudi doctor appeals to top court for right to choose a husband Israel extends 63 yearold state of emergency for another year.  Russia says a fifth of defense budget stolen Germany nuclear shutdown by 2022 may mean blackouts, Merkel warned; energy firms say solar and wind power may not make up shortfall in winter We will shove the rifle up your ass A Syrian protester yells at a sniper. An encounter between protesters and a very close sniper shooting them. Fukushima Japan Reactors 2 & 3 meltdowns now confirmed. Fukushima = Level 21 (3x7) nuclear accident. Lance Armstrong Tour de France titles could be in jeopardy  The Washington Post Terror Trial Witness Ties Pakistani ISI to the 2008 Mumbai Attacks The London Metropolitan Police officer caught on film pushing Ian Tomlinson to the ground shortly before his death at the G20 protest will face a manslaughter charge Leaked WikiLeaks Cables Pushing Pakistan to Brink Human Rights Law Foundation files lawsuit against Cisco, claims it designed surveillance system to help the Chinese govt track and suppress dissidents British Banks Paid Bonuses Using Government Aid The world's most powerful internet and media bosses are gathering in Paris for a twoday meeting hosted by French President Nicolas Sarkozy. Energy Shortages Spreading Rationing in China, Pakistan, Venezuela, Japan, Argentina; China Resorts to Punitive Prices to Curb Demand Antiabortion group drafted in as sexual health adviser to UK government 'Blast' at new Iran oil refinery as Ahmadinejad visits One person has been killed and at least 20 hurt in an explosion at a refinery in Iran during a visit by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Iranian media say. Asian people 42 times more likely to be held under terror law Hosni Mubarak to Face Trial for Killing of Protesters Amid international indifference, targeted repression continues in Bahrain and Yemen Two more reactors at Japan plant suffer meltdown, operator says Blast hits Iran refinery as Ahmadinejad visits Agribusiness wins and Brazil does away with laws to protect large swaths of rainforest  Spanish police is charging tough against pacifist protesters in Barcelona! Spanish police beating peaceful protestors in the Plaa Catalunya in Barcelona [Vid] Category 5 Typhoon Heading For Japan. Thousands of Egyptians are gathered on Cairo's Tahrir Square for a socalled second revolution Thousands return to Tahrir Square for day of anger demonstrations, pressing military rulers for speedier reforms. Italy Seven seismologists being tried for manslaughter for failing to predict 2009 L'Aquila earthquake, which killed about 300 people Russia agrees to mediate Gaddafi exit; Moscow changes tack at the G8 meeting in France, saying Gaddafi has 'forfeited legitimacy' to rule Libya Fukushima's tsunami plan was a single page Document reveals TEPCO had ruled out the possibility of a tsunami large enough to knock the plant offline  Europe's Web of Debt [pic] Rwanda genocide mastermind arrested Bernard Munyagishari, a former Hutu militia leader wanted on charges of murder and rape in connection with the Rwanda genocide, is caught in Democratic Republic of Congo after 17 years Jurez police captain gunned down at home The price of protesting in Syria there was the welcome party before the interrogation. They pushed us to the floor, security forces stood on our back and jumped hard. Five or six of them. One jumps, finishes his turn, and the next one takes over,  Greece cheated to join Euro through deception former European Central Bank Chief Economist Otmar Issing said.  Egyptians Gather for Second 'Day of Anger' Thousands gather in Cairo's Tahrir Square to protests against the military's handling of the postrevolution phase Radioactive water appears to be leaking from a waste disposal building at Fukushima nuclear complex, says operator Tepco AF447 Description of the Air France crash chronology from the BEA (Must read!) Outrage over Syria's shoottokill policy/
Amnesty International says government should be put on trial for killing protesters. [Title of video] Protesters 'shot dead' by Syrian forces More deaths reported as several towns witness fresh demonstrations against president Assad's oneparty rule.  G8 summit laws apply on Internet just like everywhere else Video Police brutality in Spain As of this Sunday, crossing the EgyptPalestine border will be permitted without a visa BBC News  Sri Lanka President Rajapaksa defends military's role but The UNcommissioned report said that tens of thousands of civilians died in the final phase of the war  most of them killed in shelling by government forces. Harper blocks mention of 1967 border in G8 Mideast statement  Greek PM fails to win opposition support for austerity measures again Police arrest man suspected to be Ratko Mladi Turkey becomes a heavily censored dictatorship There are now one million Internet sites blocked All internet cafes in the country must undertake special filters use one that blocks a plethora of sites.  Google, BBC, Facebook, eBay, Amazon and the site of the Turkish Human Rights Association.  Egypt Permanently Reopens Its Gaza Border Crossing 4 Muslims in East London who bashed a religious teacher because he was a non muslim teaching Islam jailed. Witness Shattered humanity inside Syria's security apparatus  The young man was dangling upside down, white, foaming saliva dripping from his mouth. His groans sounded more bestial than human [...] Ratko Mladic hunt Serbian police arrest suspect  French MP compares gay weddings to 'unions with animals'  In a backwards move, Brazil suspends sex education videos due to pressure from evangelical groups which argued that the videos encouraged homosexual behavior Internet regulation makes G8 agenda  finding a way to regulate the internet that is acceptable to governments, industry and civil society The only man brave to protest on Saudi Arabia's day of rage has suffered in prison for his BBC interview  UK Police have defended themselves amid claims of heavyhandedness after using a helicopter and two officers to find a schoolboy who kicked a football through a greenhouse Mladic isn't the only war criminal arrested Hutu Bernard Munyagishari, alleged mastermind of Rwandan genocide, will also be brought to justice The personal data of millions of passengers who fly between the US and Europe, including credit card details, phone numbers and home addresses, may be stored by the US department of homeland security for 15 years, according to a draft agreement between Washington and Brussels leaked to the Guardian Manal Al Sharif, the woman who got arrested in Saudi for driving a car, is kept in prison for another 10 days. Three Chinese government buildings bombed Mr Netanyahu does not need to persuade even his American congressional sponsors of his desire to move forward in peace. He merely needs to persuade them that he has done enough to continue to pretend that the absence of peace is not his fault. Wikipedia Lobbies UN To Be On Its World Heritage List Netanyahu chooses to make things worse with Capitol Hill speech, BBC calls him ''stuck in the past
 Thousands of immigrants lured to Spain by dreams of a better life now live in squalor They found the ancient city of Tanis!  Who's going to find the Well of Souls?  and then...who will become raiders of the lost ark??? Japan finds its voice Protests against the government's handling of the nuclear crisis are now common. The Bosnian Serb war crimes fugitive Ratko Mladic 
 wanted over the Srebrenica massacre  has been 
arrested, the Serbian president confirms. The Ten Most Wanted  updated now that Bin Laden is dead and Mladic has been captured.  Saudi Religious Police force a woman out of a travel fair because she wore a colored Abaya. Lapdance monastery shut after raunchy nun stunt [Spain update] The Electoral Committee has forbidden protests on Saturday. When this submission is exactly 5 hours old, we'll see who backs down the police or us. Here's a live video stream to see it yourselves. Congo soldiers explain why they rape. Spain protesters defy ban to remain in Madrid square Tens of thousands of Spanish protesters have defied a government ban and camped out overnight in a square in the capital, Madrid. Ukraine's top weather forecaster has been forced off the air after she used a bulletin to rant against the government, saying that the recent sunny spell made up for the country's lawlessness and injustice. Chinese police are seeking the man who allegedly threw an egg and shoes at the computer scientist famous for designing the Great Firewall of China. The attack  if true  is a particularly bold one for China and underscores how strongly people feel about the country's strict internet censorship. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says Europe 'stealing Iran's rain'   Telegraph Security Analyst Byron Sonne is finally out on bail, after a year imprisoned on charges stemming from being critical of G20 security. But the Canadian government has already destroyed his parent's savings, his clearances, and even his marriage. An Open Letter to the Ambassador of Germany in Australia I write to you with regard to events that have transpired on Friday, the gravity of which have led me to question the democratic integrity of the Federal Republic of Germany. Governments Order You Tube To Censor Protest Videos  Gang blinds Indian woman, accused of witchcraft, with scissors At least 30 dead after forces fire at crowd in Syria Graphic A Syrian child shot in his belly by the security forces during the protests. (He says I am in pain)   Gentlemen, we can rebuild her. We have the technology.  Philippine Air Force reports seeing two jets, believed to be Chinese, over disputed islands in the South China Sea Dominique StraussKahn posts $1 million bail, agreeing to live with an electronic monitor in a Manhattan flat (one rented by his wife)  only to have the building's residents refuse him, forcing his lawyers to find housing elsewhere A Look at the Root Causes of the Arab Revolution  Rising Literacy and a Shrinking Birth Rate UK Teachers, nurses, civil servants and members of the armed forces will be poorer in retirement as well as having to work longer. Leaked paper reveals ministers want to raise retirement age to 66 and increase contributions by 3.3%. Winfried Kretschmann, 62, is the new governor of BadenWrttemberg and the firstever leader of a German state from the Green Party. In an interview, he talks about redefining economic growth, his plans to make industry more environmentally friendly and the future of nuclear power in Germany. Georgia Thousands of protesters, gathered on Freedom Square as part of the campaign to force President Saakashvili to resign. Saudi woman who defied driving ban and posted a video of herself behind the wheel is detained. China accuses artistactivist, Ai Weiwei, of tax evasion  Mexican federal police capture Gilberto Barragan Balderas, leading member of the Gulf drug cartel at what appeared to have been his birthday party Brazilian police attacks peaceful marijuana march in Sao Paulo Tepco president quits as firm reports $15bn loss Thousands have taken to the streets this week in Barcelona, Madrid and other large cities. Wikileaks releases the Pakistan Papers China Gives Pakistan 50 Fighter Jets police shuts down german pirate party servers (scroll down for english text) Spain protests spreading across Europe!!!! Norway Stops Aid Payments To Greece Amazonian Tribe has no concept of time Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein froze payment of 235 million kroner ($42 million) in European Economic Area grants to Greece because the government didn't meet the obligations linked to the funds. NATO aircraft sank eight warships belonging to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi's forces in overnight attacks Watch the protests in Spain live right now. Wow! China 'Asks USA To Respect Pak Sovereignty' |  China has warned in unequivocal terms that any attack on Pakistan would be construed as an attack on China. The warning was formally conveyed by the Chinese foreign minister at last week's ChinaUS strategic dialogue talks in Washington WikiLeaks Pakistan's airmen were being radicalized and were sabotaging Pakistani F16s deployed for security operations along the Afghan border Journalist missing in Libya was killed six weeks ago, but the regime opted to hide news of his death Tahrir Square in Madrid  Young people in Madrid have occupied the city's Puerta del Sol square in protest against high unemployment and the political establishment. Wiki Report  Russia sabotaged Iran nuclear Programme Spain's Icelandic Revolt; Protests Spread to Italy NATO destroys 8 Libyan warships The Second Egyptian Revolution Has Been Scheduled For May 27 The Myth of a Lazy Southern Europe  Merkel earlier this week strongly hinted that Southern Europeans take too much vacation and retire too early. It is an image many Germans share of Greece, Spain and Portugal. But how true are these clichs? This is not an honor killing. I hope all of us will stop using this term. It has nothing to do with honor. It only has to do with taking the life of a human being A Defiant 'Spanish Revolution' in pictures. Syrian forces 'fire on Homs protesters' Witnesses say at least nine killed, including two boys, in latest protests against Syrian president Bashar alAssad. A German insurer hosted a sex party for top agents that featured prepaid prostitutes and transformed an historic bathhouse into an openair brothel. Deadly Clashes in Afghanistan German Soldiers Fired Deliberately at Protesters China has expanded export quotas for rare earth metals, further tightening its grip on the minerals used in a number of hightech electronics. Syrian Forces Kill 17 During Friday Protests Egypt sentences Police Officer to death for killing protesters  The war on drugs in Mexico, decreed by Caldern, partfunded by millions of dollars in U.S. govt aids, has not only failed to curb the trade but intensified horrific violence, corruption and humanrights abuses  37,000 Mexicans have been murdered, often tortured and brutalized before their deaths South African rapture believers stuck with huge hotel bill. Instead of going to heaven, a group of South Africans who checked into a Johannesburg hotel to await the end of the world now have a big bill to pay. EU backs Obama's call for Mideast peace treaty based on 1967 borders; Swedish foreign minister slams Netanyahu's rejection of the borders saying the only defense that is possible is peace. Pakistani naval base under attack  At least four killed as special forces continue to battle armed men who attacked naval aviation facility in Karachi. [Wikileaks] Saudi Arabia and UAE spending $100 million annually in Pakistan on religious organizations. Byron Sonne Canadian security geek jailed for taunting G20 security theatre; who lost everything  his marriage, his home, his livelihood  because he couldn't figure out how to contain or express his disgust with the state's increasing encroachment on personal liberty Israel approves 294 more illegal settlements in the West Bank Cisco sued for helping China monitor Internet Prison in Norway with Rapists, murders and drug dealers, has no walls, no bars, and no locks. Also lacking are murders and suicides.   Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Accuses the Europeans of Emptying the Clouds So That Iran Would Have No Rain NSFW  A child girl shot in the eye by Syrian security forces. US ran 'secret terror hunt' in Sweden report China detains 300 Tibetan monks for 'legal education' after a monk set himself on fire New autopsy to determine cause of death of former Chilean President Salvador Allende. Allende died during the 1973 coup that brought Pinochet to power. US intensifies drone attacks in Pakistan Despite death of Osama bin Laden, drone attacks continue to pound North Waziristan Unbelievable Syrian security forces open fire on a women protest, killing four. AFP Israel 'approves new West Bank settler homes' Into the Fire, Documentary on the Toronto G20 Riots. EGYPT Hosni Mubarak reportedly may go to court within 72 hours Ambulances on stand by at Ben Gurion Airport (Tel Aviv) for emergency landing of a plane w/ 279 ppl on board. [pic] U.K. Soldiers Can't Die in Iraq Anymore Eight years and 179 dead after arriving, final British troops pull out The Real Reason for NATO Attacking Libya Nato has been bombarding proGaddafi forces in Libya since 31 March 2011 in Operation Unified Protector. Here is an interactive/unfolding map of targets by the day they were reported.  Saudi woman drives, goes to jail Volcano just erupted in Iceland.....i kid you not. Very Graphic Dead Syrian protesters kept in a refrigerated truck. NSFW Syrian soldiers laughing at dead men who tried to smuggle food into the besieged city Daraa. In Brazil, a march for the legalization of marijuana which was banned, turned into confrontation on the Avenida Paulista, as military police attacked the demonstrators with tear gas and rubber bullets Shock after Dutch priest endorses pedophilia the priest  identified as 73yearold Father Van B.  served on the board of Martijn, a group that campaigns to end the Dutch ban on adultchild sex Australian Gov't cancels funding program which assists ISPs to offer internet filtering options to customers; citing a lack of interest in the project Saudis arrest woman for driving a car French publish rape accuser's name Major media commit a serious breach of journalistic ethics UK law firm demand Twitter hand over the name, email address and IP address of the person naming a married sports celebrity who has a gagging order on the press or TV in the UK talking about his affair. US cable Saudi, Emirati donors provide $100 million to radical Islamic schools in Pakistan Saudi Arabia, UAE funded jihadi networks in Pakistan Wikileaks cable  A U.S. diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks said financial support estimated at $100 million a year was making its way from those Gulf Arab states to a jihadist recruitment network in Pakistans Punjab province... Chinese suggest invading Somalia Sunday, 22 May 2011Britain's eightyear presence in Iraq formally comes to an end today, when the remaining 170 troops depart, spelling the end to one of the most controversial military campaigns ever conducted in recent British history. Inspired by Arab Spring, Spain's youthful 15M movement spreads in Europe Young Spaniards railing against political stagnation and high unemployment are protesting in 166 cities across the country and have sparked other protests in Europe. Now Butt Out New push seeks to outlaw cigarettes Pakistan invites China to build a naval base. Egyptian policeman who killed peaceful protesters during the revolution earlier this year, is sentenced to death. BBC News  Blasts rock air base in Pakistan In a boost to Libya's rebels, the European Union opened a diplomatic office Sunday in their eastern stronghold and pledged support for a democratic Libya where Moammar Gadhafi will not be in the picture. Spain's Socialists punished in local elections

 Yemeni president to step down, calling deal a coup Switzerland will stop using nuclear power after Japanese crisis; nuclear plants currently supply 40% of Swiss power The CIA was recently caught by Swedish intelligence doing illegal reconnaissance in Sweden. Hezbollah Supportive of Egyptian, Tunisian Uprisings But Not Syria's  Valparaiso protesters in clashes with police to protest against a hydroelectric dam project in southern Chile, which they say will destroy 6,000 hectares of forest. Bringing up the bodies Mexico's missing students draw attention to 20,000 'vanished' others The disappearance of 43 student teachers lifted the lid on the open secret of Mexicos many others whove disappeared amid drugfuelled violence An Egyptian court has designated ISIS and all of their affiliates terrorist organizations and banned them in the country. Pope Francis We must condemn those who use religion to violate human rights; he condemned the barbaric violence committed by ISIS, against religious minorities in Syria, and said that military action against the group was justified Facebook can gain direct access to your mobile and take pictures or make videos at any time, MPs warn  Telegraph Black Friday in Bangladesh on the second anniversary of a massive fire at the Tazreen factory Walmart still hasnt paid any compensation to the victims... Tigers Are Dying in Record Numbers in India Switzerland votes on ending mass immigration The controversial Ecopop movement wants to slash the numbers entering the country from 80,000 a year to just 16,000 Russia Is Building A Network of Military Bases In The Arctic Large, unauthorized convoy enters east Ukraine from Russia Ukrainian military China overtakes Japan to become worlds second largest stock market Report IsraeliCanadian woman fighting Islamic State has been kidnapped by terror group UN antitorture panel urges US to cease indefinite detention without charge 1.8 Ton World War II Bomb Forces Mass Evacuation in Dortmund, Germany UK Muslims face worst job discrimination of any minority group, according to research Thailand crown prince strips wife's family of royal name after some her relatives were allegedly involved in corruption until now the lese majeste law criminalising any critical comment about the monarchy meant that no Thai media had pointed out the family connection Hong Kong Protesters Charge Police at Government Offices Abbas accuses U.S. of blocking creation of Palestinian state Bombs, gunfire kill 81 at crowded mosque in Nigeria's Kano Venezuela prison overdose kills 35 | Malaysia to end oil subsidies Syria plagued by flesheating maggot disease Egyptian security forces fire teargas, birdshot to disperse Mubarak verdict protest Airstrikes mark shift in coalition focus, to ISIS 'capital' The cause of large numbers of harbour porpoises washing up on the Netherlands coast was previously unknown and contested, but an eight yearlong study concludes that grey seals have learned a new trick and are preying on them. Until now, evacuation of atrisk volunteers/workers from ebolaaffected regions has been extremely difficult and costly. Lufthansa and the German government have partnered to make an aircraft available to any country requiring its service. Noam Chomsky on declaring Wikileaks a 'terrorist organization' Outlandish. ... One of the major reasons for government secrecy is to protect the government from its own population. And suddenly the Julian Assange rape claims reappear... North Korea 'likely to attack again' Sweden celebrates 100 years with no capital 
punishment Back in 2009, Assange We've got 5GB of Bank of America leaks Iraq spent $85Mill. on a detector for guns, ammunition, drugs, truffles, bodies, and ivory. They were unpowered and worked on the same principle as a Ouija board.  Now they realize they don't work, but are still using them. Wikileaks  Israel Overestimating Iranian Nuclear Program The Arctic ice is melting and what are northern countries doing? Racing for resources. WikiLeaks cables Pakistan opposition 'tipped off' Mumbai terror group (too funny) Iran outraged as Star of David revealed on airport 10 Conversations That Just Got a Little More Awkward  Switzerland has voted to automatically expel foreign residents convicted of certain crimes China, one of the biggest Internet censors, took no chances and blocked WikiLeaks website amid embarrassing claims made in leaked U.S. diplomatic memos posted there China Blocks UN Action Against North Korea Moscow's Bid to Blow Up WikiLeaks Russia will build up forces without New START, Putin says Wikileaks Venezuelan Intelligence Services (DIM 
and SEBIN) are conducting HUMINT and TECH 
operations against [US] Embassy staff, as well as 
political opposition leaders and are controlled by 
the Cuban Intelligence Service operating in 
Venezuela. Woah, now wikileaks reveals dirt on russia  WikiLeaks cables condemn Russia as 'mafia state' Lawyer Assange is being persecuted in Sweden It's Probably a Stretch, But Assange Should Probably Stay Out of the US and UK Russia will have to build up its nuclear forces if the United States fails to ratify the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty the two countries signed this year, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin  A senior Spanish investigator alleged to the US that Moscow's strategy was to use 'organised crime groups to do whatever the government of Russia cannot acceptably do as a government'. Recent operations included gunrunning to the Kurds 'in an attempt to destabilise Turkey' and 'arms trafficking'.. WikiLeaks Assange mother says she does not want him hunted down and jailed Hamas says it would honor a referendum on peace with Israel wikileaksxMossad chief calling to use UN tribunal on the  assassination of Hariri to pressure foes to achieve Israel political goals 