 EgyptAir Domestic Flight From Alexandria to Cairo Hijacked, Lands in Cyprus Israel passes law to cap bankers' salaries Israel has introduced one of the worlds toughest curbs on bank executives salaries in an effort to narrow a big pay gap between bosses and workers. It was approved in parliament overnight in a 560 vote and will take effect in six months. U$1bn poured so rapidly into Malaysian PM's personal bank accounts that it rang moneylaundering alarms Many millions of Muslims 'fundamentally incompatible with the modern world', says Tony Blair ISIS planning imminent attack on Jewish schools and kindergartens North Korea Tells Citizens To Prepare Themselves For Famine Canada has imposed sanctions on North Korea. Palestinian fabricated 'Jewish terror attack', now faces charges. 2nd major skyscraper fire in 3 months  UAE residential tower engulfed in flames Falkland Islands lie in Argentinian waters, rules UN commission Indian Supreme Court agreed on Monday to hear a Muslim woman's petition seeking to declare 'Triple Talaq' and polygamy in Islam unconstitutional, despite strong opposition from influential Islamic bodies of judicial scrutiny of Muslim personal law practices Japan's retirees turn to crime for a better life in prison Egypt's staterun news agency says the president has dismissed the country's top auditor who earlier had said corruption has cost the country billions of dollars CIA used nude photos as sexual humiliation on post9/11 terror suspects report Saudi Arabia's largest dairy company will soon be unable to farm alfalfa in its own parched country to feed its 170,000 cows. So it's turning to an unlikely place to grow the waterchugging crop  the droughtstricken American Southwest. China editor resigns over media censorship Russian weapons exports expected to receive $6bn$7bn boost as result of marketing effect of bombing campaign in Syria Putin Faces Information Attack on Wealth, Friends, Russia SaysThe Kremlin accused a group of international journalists of preparing an information attack on President Vladimir Putins wealth and his ties to billionaire oligarchs Terrorists who targeted park filled with children are 'cowards', says Pakistan PM North Korea Fires Another Missile, Just as Obama Prepares for Trilateral Meeting Turkey summoned German ambassador over satirical report Spiegel Saudi Economy Shows Deepening Signs of Strain as Spending Drops Arctic sea ice sets wintertime record low thanks to global warming. Arctic temperatures this winter were up to 15 degrees higher than average, according to NASA. ISIS executes 12 of its members relatives over intel links Brussels attacks 'Fight the westerners' text sent to youths in Molenbeek b'So I wonder what the voting recording on the this twostate solution everyone is talking about!HOLY SHIT!n' b'Roman Polanski in 1979 If I had killed somebody, it wouldnt have had so much appeal to the press, you see? But fing, you see, and the young girls. Judges want to f young girls. Juries want to f young girls. Everyone wants to f young girls!' b'I was ordered to cover up President Karzai election fraud, sacked UN envoy says' b'London challenges bottled water industry by installing drinking machines at rail and bus stations to benefit commuters' b'Overseas students are better at English than the British' Ninety percent of the Afghan army can't read  b'Argentine folk singer Mercedes Sosa, often called The voice of Latin America, dies aged 74' b'Italians rally for press freedom' Why is the country so short of money that we can't even rebuild the LondonnTube? Because we allow the banks a monopoly to create it, and they chargenthe earth. b'Sea of blood Every year, thousands of dolphins are herded into a tranquil cove in Japan where some are captured for sale to marine parks, the rest slaughtered for their meat' b'Silvio Berlusconi firm to pay 690m compensation for bribing judge' b'The West is trying to make it seem like Iran did something wrong in regards to their second uranium enrichment site. That may not be the case.' b'US economic power is declining' b'North Korean ship detained by Indian Navy' b'WTF!?? Air India pilots, crew come to blows in the cockpit at 30,000 ft, endangering the lives of passengers and grossly violating safety norms ' b'Palestinians blackmailed by America  not to endorse the UN resolution to  charge Israel with war crimes  ' Afghanistan Soldiers accused of using 'dumdum' bullets. (Dumdum bullets have been illegal under the Geneva Conventions since just after WWI.) Illegal ammunition found in possession of Danish soldiers in Afghanistan  accused face severe penalties. b'UN nuclear watchdog praises Iran for setting date to open its newly disclosed uranium enrichment plant to international inspection.' b'I think that cancer will become a disease that is not a major cause of death. ' b'Israel security forces have closed off the alAqsa  mosque compound in Jersualem as more than 200  Palestinians stage a sitin at the site  Al Jazeera' b'Japan  Postwar defense aide was CIA mole' b'Irans nuclear threat is a lie. Obama's showdown with Iran has another agenda. The media have been tasked with preparing the public for endless war.' b'Socialists trounce conservatives in Greek election.' b'Natasha has, unfortunately, over the past two decades become a byword for a Russian prostitute' 'They were sucked deep into the earth' b'A Europeanled revolution in chemical regulation that requires that thousands of chemicals finally be assessed for their potentially toxic effects on human beings and the environment signals the end of American industrys ability to withhold critical data from the public. ' Egypt cleric 'to ban full veils' The Egyptian newspaper alMasri alYom quoted him expressing surprise at the girl's attire and telling her it was merely a tradition, with no connection to religion or the Koran. b'10 million people rendered homeless and nearly 2 million houses destroyed in flooding caused by heavy rains across southern India.' Norway has retained its status as the world's most desirable country to live  Israel's former military chief, now a government minister, cancels a visit to London fearing arrest for alleged war crimes. b'Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Mohamed ElBaradei said that Israel is number one threat to Middle East with its nuclear arms' b'IAEA  With respect to a recent media report, the IAEA reiterates that it has no concrete proof that there is or has been a nuclear weapon programme in Iran. ' Socialists win in Greece defeating the centerright government of Karamanlis; 'hard work' ahead, Papandreou says On maps, Crimea is Ukrainian territory, but when court bailiffs tried to serve papers at a lighthouse here last month, they suddenly found themselves surrounded by armed troops from Russia's Black Sea Fleet who delivered them to police as if they were trespassing teenagers.  b'Ahmadenijad Jewish ? As I Suspected, Too Good To Be True' b'The financial derivatives market is 8.5 x the entire global GDP. Someone explain to me how that is possible. Or is GoldmanSachs playing with Monopoly money?' b'Suicide Bomb Blast at UN Office in Pakistani Capital' McDonald's restaurants to open at the Louvre  b'Colombian teachers face highest rates of political violence political violence against educators cannot, and should not, be separated from an understanding of... a highly unequal development model favouring a small minority of wealthy elites at the expense of the vast majority of the population' Family planning is a divisive issue in Uganda, but Amref's approach to encouraging more people in Katine to use contraceptives is paying off b'Australia is the 2nd best place to live  after Norway???' b'Greece After killing Alexandros Grigoropoulos last year, ruling rightwing regime loses by 10 percentage points' b'Honduras The threat of a Haitistyle foreign military occupation' Al Qaeda's deputy leader Ayman alZawahri accused Libya of torturing to death a militant whose confession was used to justify the U.S.led invasion of Iraq. b'Ex(drunk) Finance Minister Nakagawa Found Dead At Tokyo Home' b'Baby mammoth yields secrets after 40,000 years in Siberian tundra ' b'Germans reelected Angela Merkel, but how well do they know her? ' The niqab, a full veil worn by some devout Muslim women which covers the entire body except for the eyes, has come under fire in several countries, but this isn't exactly the first place you'd expect to find it banned from schools. b'Ten years after a nuclear accident killed two plant workers and shattered the safety myth surrounding atomic power generation, Japan still has much work to do in improving responses to cases of radiation exposure' Outrageous behavior by Islamic Movement inflaming Muslims to storm AlAqsa on Jewish holiday. Invents conspiracy that Jews are taking over their mosque although it's a traditional week of Jewish gathering at the Western Wall. Hamas calls for Intifada, and Jordan warns Israeli ambassador. b'The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind  true story of a Malawian teenager who transformed his village by building electric windmills out of junk' b'Romania government collapses' EU's food agency threw out every one of the 180 claims that probiotic ingredients improve health. Now 220mayear 'dairy shots' industry in disarray following EU scientists' ruling  b'Australian town ban commerciallybottled water  Drinking fountains replace shopbought mineral water in environmental initiative' b'No English please, We are in Germany here' b'Man who accidentally cut off his arm with a chainsaw has had it reattached and is now working normally' Police in bras and stockings? With 10 others, I have been charged with impersonating a police officer, punishable by six months' jail, for a G20 protest. Why? Tomorrow, 4,000,000 people will vote (again) on behalf of 496,000,000    Ireland and the EU's Lisbon Treaty. b'BBC admits al qaeda never existed' b'A quarter of Iceland's population may refuse to pay mortgages People are very angry because we feel the banks were gambling with the economy, with the currency, stealing, stealing our properties.' b'Video shows Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit well; Palestinian prisoners freed.' Tony Blair Set To Become Europe's First President b'IPCC sticks to Menezes decision The police who shot and killed a Brazilian plumber in London will face no disciplinary action.' b'Stung by a damning U.N. report alleging war  crimes in Gaza, Israel is trying to dodge overseas  prosecution.' b'Farm of fear Between 1922 and 1967 up to 10,000 children migrated from Britain to Australia under officiallyapproved schemes, thinking they were heading for a better life. While some remember the experience fondly, others became victims of beatings and sexual abuse' b'Police have shut down an enormous cocaine  smuggling network involving senior Israeli  criminals and Panamanian mobsters.' Three days of bloodsoaked butchery in the unfamiliar forests of Germany culminated in one of the Roman Empire's darkest moments, and may have helped shape the Europe of today b'ExPeruvian President Alberto Fujimori has been sentenced to six years in jail for corruption by a court in Lima' Colombia's spy scandal  The intelligence agency has been spying on Colombians, but most don't care if it means they're safer from guerrillas b'California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger waded into the Roman Polanski case Thursday, saying that while he admires the Oscarwinning director's work, he would not treat his situation any differently than everyone else.' Peru's Northern Amazon  Blighted By The Toxic Legacy of Oil 35 years of oil production in Block 1AB in the northern Amazon has left indigenous peoples, who have lived in the area since time immemorial, suffering malnutrition, sickness and social disruption b'Indicted War Criminal Ratko Mladic protected by Americans.' Does anyone else think something radical happened when they see Government 'collapses' or 'dissolves', and then realize it is simply parliamentary machinations?  b'56% of American Jews think U.S. should strike Iran.  66% think Israel should. ' b'Ecuador Police battled Amazon Indians protesting against laws they believe will threaten their lands.' b'Rio de Janeiro WON!!! Rio Olympics 2016' b'Palestinians pressured by America not to endorse the UN resolution to charge Israel with war crimes' b'Tens of thousands rally on the streets of Rome against Berlusconi for his attacks on press freedom' b'Does anyone else find it strange that the Fox News was so horrified about the Olympics taking place in Chicago due to fears of gang violence? In 2008, Chicago had 510 murders. Rio had 5,700.' b'Up to 4,000 buried in Indonesian quake rubble' b'Think terrorists only grow on one side of the fence? An event pivotal to the beginning of the mass exodus of Palestinians was that of an incident of terrorism by Zionist groups the massacre of the village of Deir Yassin in 1948' Sumatra quake 'levelled villages'  Thousands of people may have died b'Report Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was born a Jew' b'Mahmoud Ahmadinejad revealed to have Jewish past' b'Venezuela Peasants training to protect one another after shootings. It's like one's life is worth nothing, like the life of the person with money is the one with value.' b'When all his upper teeth were bashed out, he was 61. The guards refused to let him get dentures for eight years, leaving him to gum his food.' b'Growing recognition in Europe and North America that religious illiteracy is creating serious barriers between cultures, say scholars.' b'Chaos as almost all transatlantic flights between Britain and North America have been grounded by a major air traffic control failure' b'Disasters in Asia International Red Cross Red Crescent appeals for close to 7.75 million US dollars to respond to emergencies in the Philippines and Viet Nam. ' b'US paid reward to Lockerbie witness, legal papers claim' b'Italy Berlusconi braces for protest in defence of press freedom' b'Afghan soldier shoots dead two American troops' b'Britain must grow up and stop believing Europhobe nonsense' b'In Indonesian villages, nearly all residents feared buried in rubble | UstaadKhan Blogs' b'A story of politics, hopes and dreams, difficulties and Beer Taybeh, The first and only Palestinian Beer.' b'Surprise ProChavez Candidates Win in Venezuela Oil Industry Union Elections' b'Population, famine and fate in Ethiopia' b'Blame it on Rio' b'Photos of dogs at MCACC West as of 1 October 2009' b'IMF confident about Iraq loan' b'Roman Catholic Nova Scotia bishop busted at  Canadian airport with a laptop full of child porn.   The real kicker he is the one who previously  helped broker a $15million settlement with people  sexually abused by other priests in the diocese.' b'Catholic Church Only 5% of clergy involved in child sex abuse' Stephen Hawking gives up prestigious position as Cambridge's Lucasian Professor of Mathematics b'Israeli diplomat expelled from Russia (accused of espionage)' b'Philippines raises alert for new super typhoon less than a week after an earlier storm killed 277' b'As a confidence building measure Iran is shipping 1,200 kg of enriched uranium to Russia so it will no longer have enough to build a bomb' b'China's air force deployed a magiclike range of chemicals and technology to clear Beijing's smoggy air for a grand parade marking the 60th anniversary' b'Italian prosecutor wants jail for US spies in rendition trial' b'The magnitude 8.0 earthquake that occurred near Samoa may have triggered the magnitude 7.6 quake that struck hours later off the coast of Indonesia.' b'The European Court of Human Rights has ruled a Russian ban on the Church of Scientology illegal.' b'IMF Director Almost Shoed A female student then tried to unfurl a banner but was surrounded by security officials' Here's how Israel would destroy Iran's nuclear program  Afghanistan's drug economy is as pervasive as its poppy fields, linking impoverished farmers, heroin traffickers, and the Taliban [pics] b'Some kids call in a bomb threat, some pull the fire alarm...' b'Germany Using Giants to Celebrate Reunification [pics]' b'First face to face discussion between Iran and the United States over the nuclear issue' b'Indonesia quake toll soars past 400. I do not recommend living in Indonesia.' b'Is Bagram the new Guantanamo?  A cogent and civil discussion with great points from both sides of the issue (without anyone screaming at each other)' b'Red Cross we need a global strategy to deal with natural disasters' Indonesia's latest earthquake disaster  A correspondent on the ground in Sumatra weighs in on fear, folklore and desperate rescue efforts Israel releases teenager Bara'a elMalki, 15, 1st prisoner in captive IDF soldier Gilad Schalit deal  b'Court order served over Twitter o_O' b'Naval intel agent caught spying on famous Philippine artist' America's sound cannon has nothing on the UK's plan to arm cops with pain rays. b'Google executives in Italy may go to jail because a YouTube user uploaded an offensive video' 770,000 names deleted from voter register in change to registration rules as critics claim Tories are rigging the system Ontario makes college tuition free for low income families making 50k or less a year. Increases grants for those making 83k or less a year. Arctic warming Rapidly increasing temperatures are 'possibly catastrophic' for planet, climate scientist warns | Dr Peter Gleick said there is a growing body of 'pretty scary' evidence that higher temperatures are driving the creation of dangerous storms in parts of the northern hemisphere ISIS suddenly trapped as Syrian Army pushes to recapture Aleppo supply route An 11,000yearold pendant has been found, the earliest known piece of Mesolithic art in Britain, and it may have been worn by a shaman Greenland 'Ice sheet is now losing about 8,000 tons every second, yearround, day in and day out' Coptic Christian teenagers sentenced to 5 years in egyptian prison for video mocking muslim prayer UBS charged with tax fraud and money laundering in Belgium The US Said India's Solar Power Plan Discriminates Against American Companies  And the WTO Agrees North Korea's state media has called for an attack on South Korea and the United States, as the allies gear up for their biggest ever joint military drills. Report thousands of refugees 'disappear' after registering in Germany Islamists match Odins soldiers with Soldiers of Allah Australia's biggest banks pump billions into fossil fuels despite climate pledges Europe's free travel will end unless Turkey halts migrant flow, officials say Obama Bans Imports of SlaveProduced Goods David Cameron boasts of 'brilliant' UK arms exports to Saudi Arabia on the day the European parliament voted for an arms embargo Jimmy Savile dressed as a Womble to rape 10yearold boy Saudi Arabia is reeling from falling oil prices. And it could get much worse. Hundreds of thousands of Shiite Muslims, supporters of the influential cleric Muqtada alSadr, have taken to the streets of Baghdad to protest corruption in the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider alAbadi. Social media helps fuel China's illegal craze for 'thumb monkeys'  Year of the monkey has sparked a trend for pygmy marmosets, the worlds smallest monkey, as pets. But conservationists warn the animals rarely survive in captivity. Royal Malaysian Air Force plane crashlands in shallow waters, only fatality was a fisherman who drowned while trying to help Hitlers Mein Kampf is now a bestseller in Germany The French government's plan to clear part of the Calais migrant camp known as the Jungle has been approved by a court in Lille. A teenage recruit ordered to have sex with fellow soldier the night before she was discovered shot dead in Britains controversial Deepcut barracks A Belgian judge charged Swiss bank UBS on Friday with money laundering and serious and organized tax evasion, saying it directly sought clients in the country to help them skip taxes Beijing now has more billionaires than New York Brazil is building $250mworth undersea cable linking directly Europe to avoid US espionage  Tech giants like Google, Facebook likely to support MH17 report identifies Russian soldiers suspected of downing plane in Ukraine Pope suggests contraceptives could be used to slow spread of Zika PSA PeugeotCitroen, ninth largest car manufacturer in the world made a net profit of $989 million in 2015. It gave its employees a 2,000.00 pays bonus but no dividends to its shareholders. A gay Iranian poet is seeking asylum in Israel. Homosexuality is illegal in the Islamic Republic and those found guilty of the crime face tough punishments, including death. Canadian Federal Court allows medical marijuana users to grow their own cannabis BBC TV host Jimmy Savile sexually abused 72 victims  many under 16 years old  at hospitals, stations premises for decades China Stocks Plunge 6.4%. Down 47% last 8 months. Polish scientists protest over plan to log in the ancient Biaowiea Forest  Researchers suspect motives for a planned increase in felling are commercial, but forest administration cites pest control. Govt claims there's no commercial benefit to leveling it. Jihadis selling U.S. weapons intended for Syrian rebels on Facebook Indian armed forces to open all combat roles to women Italy asks US to explain NSA spying report Hungarys Orban slams Germany for rude tone over refugees The quotas will change the profile of Europe from an ethnic, cultural and religious point of view, he said, warning that an uncontrolled migrant influx brought the risk of terrorism, criminality, antiSemitism and homophobia. Indian Police Silence Survivors Of Mass Rape  Women were dragged out of their vehicles and allegedly raped in fields near National Highway Serious failings at the BBC allowed Jimmy Savile and Stuart Hall to sexually abuse nearly 100 people without detection for decades, according to two damning reports published on Thursday, which insisted that the corporation still had lessons to learn from the affair. Russia, With Turkey In Mind, Announces Deal To Provide Armenia with $200 Million Credit to Buy Equipment MultipleLaunch Rocket Systems, AntiTank Missiles, Handheld Antiaircraft Missiles and Tank Upgrades. ISIS Is Losing Its Capital France seeks 1.6 billion euros in back taxes from Google US Passes Bill Banning Goods Produced by Child Slave Labor in Southeast Asia and Central Africa. Russia seeks joint manned flight to Mars with India China Warns U.S. After Trump Wins Nevada Caucus Greece 'won't be Lebanon of Europe', says migration minister Reports of hostage taking in London restaurant Germany deports Afghan refugees in effort to deter new arrivals Remember those 'map of the world' islands in Dubai? They're now just a collection of deserted sandy blots that are a shipping hazard. b'Far from protecting us and our children, the war on drugs is making the world a much more dangerous place...legalise drugs!' b'Has Osama Bin Laden been dead for seven years  and are the U.S. and Britain covering it up to continue war on terror?' b'A British study which examined the records of 600,000 patients has cast doubt on the supposed link between cannabis use and schizophrenia' How Islamist gangs use internet to track, torture and kill Iraq's gays b'Deformed fish are being landed and served as sightseers flock to view toxic WWII munitions raised from the floor of Lake Thun, Switzerland' b'When Cocaine and Monsanto's Pesticide, Roundup Collide' b'Venezuela Invests Surplus Oil Dollars in Education, Housing, and Industry  ' b'Australia Labor MP calls for population control' b'UK govt pressured to scale back plans for a big brother child protection database which will force millions of parents to undergo paedophile and criminal checks' b'Indian detention of UAE plane a case of spying, says Chinese expert' 'I told the US to talk to the Taliban. They jailed me'  He was the man they called the mullah with a human face, the internet mullah, or the Rudolph Hess of the Taliban.  Farmers wage turf battle with Japan air force Antiwar farmers near an air base northeast of Tokyo have infiltrated the base by working plots of land and have surrounded it with 'peace parks.' The government seeks to buy them out, but in vain North Korea 'planning third nuke test' b'Suspects named on United Nations terror list living free in Britain' b'Tensions flare in Lebanon' b'Hundreds arrested in deadly Uganda riots' b'Afghan official promises to obey recount order' b'Moments of terror as Emirates flight disappears from radar' b'NATO fighter jets violate Pak airspace over Khyber agency' b'Afghan election Pressure grows for Hamid Karzai to strike a deal' b'MI5 warns that young Brits heading for terrorist training Somalia soaring' b'Campaign for male participation in family planning breaks ground in Dumaguete' b'COHA Report, Haiti and Global Family Planning' b'You are no longer innocent till you're proven guilty. Police Minister responds It's fantastic, isn't it?' Turkey PM to Israel If you don't want Iran to have nukes, give yours up. b'Ten stories that appear in the papers again and again, but never seem to actually happen' b'Adnan Hussain, aged 14, lost all of his immediate family in the market place explosion in Peshawar earlier this week' Two Colleagues Quit in Protest of Nutt's Sacking 'Puzzlers' reassemble shredded Stasi files, bit by bit  putting them back together could take hundreds of years. A computerized system would help, but it's costly b'A woman has pleaded guilty to two counts of possessing documents likely to be useful for a terrorist purpose.' b'British driver sentenced to 21 months for texting before fatal crash, but texting occurred well before the accident, and the victim had been texting too.' b'Karzai Wins a 2nd Term in Afghanistan. Oh, Crap.' b'Canadian general and defense chief calls NATO a corpse, says its Afghan mission is abyssmal with no strategy or leadership.' b'Israeli police have arrested a Jewish settler whom they say has confessed to a string of highprofile hate attacks.' b'Afghan comedy over ? Karzai called a winner (2nd round scrapped)' b'I thought she was 15. She didn't tell me she was 11' b'What it feels like to grow up with prostitutes (SFW)' b'South Africans fighting along side Israeli Army during the Gaza War.' b'No new faces in Afghanistan, just the same old warlords and drug traffickers' Water rationing for Venezuela's capital city Karzai's opponent drops out of the race, believing it wouldn't be free or fair.  Election in Afghanistan cancelled b'Computer Programmer lives in house with decomposing body' b'South Sudan awaits oil bonanza' Since we've all been talking about H1N1 lately Gitmo detainee's set to receive H1N1 vaccine ahead of most US citizens. Thailand's expremier is on the run, and he wants the internet to know about it WSJ picks up on story from Spain's El Pais newspaper, and asks Asst Sec of State Shannon whether it's true he's actively lobbying the Honduran congress for Zelaya's return. He denies it  as it happens the claim in El Pais' story is much, much worse.  b'Obama backs Karzai, despite vote rigging.' b'LEDs Light Up Auckland War Memorial Museum' b'8.7 million North Koreans are starving There are no farm animals, virtually no machinery. You know there's a problem when people have eaten all the livestock. ' Raped and beaten for daring to question President Ahmadinejad's election  Times Online Iraq shoe thrower, Muntadar alZaidi's release to be Celebrated on Monday b'Thatcher in secret meeting with Gorby The reunification of Germany is not in the interests of Britain and Western Europe....We do not want a united Germany.' b'What's problematic for me is it really humanises the guy. Wait, what? Isn't the point that even terrorists are human, and that we should be aware that humans are capable of evil? Dehumanizing them just makes the problem tougher to tackle.' b'Australian teenager faces 7 years in jail for organising her own home abortion in the first such prosecution in Australia in over 50 years' b'Thatcher told Gorbachev Britain did not want German reunification  Times Online' b'This rewriting of history is spreading Europe's poison. Blaming the USSR for the second world war is not only absurd  it boosts the heirs of the Nazis' wartime collaborators' b'MOSCOW  For hundreds of years, mariners have dreamed of an Arctic shortcut that would allow them to speed trade between Asia and the West. Two German ships are poised to complete that transit for the first time, aided by the retreat of Arctic ice that scientists have linked to global warming.n' b'Putin warns against Iran attack' Slovenia says it is ready to lift its block on Croatia's bid to join the European Union b'UK could face blackouts by 2016.  Public wants to maintain current lifestyle while opposing wind farms, nukes and energy imports.' b'Paul Hill I was charged with seven counts of murder and was sentenced in October 1975 to life in prison. In 1989, I was freed because Scotland Yard's antiterrorist police seriously misled the court, in fact they must have lied in their doctoring and manufacturing of evidence,'' said the judge' b'David Miliband MI6 is being investigated by the police over allegations of torture for the first time. It follows a similar investigation already launched into MI5n' b'Hacker infiltrates the Sky News website and tampered with a petition to support the proposed television debate between the main party leaders, renaming it The Windbag Debate Petition. ' Berlusconi Says He Won't Resign Over Sex Scandal b'Chen Shuibian, the former president of Taiwan who had been on trial since March for corruption, and his wife Wu Shuchen have been fined $15 million and sentenced to life in prison.' Mexico's growing obesity problem.  b'Under the cloak of nightfall, dozens of freshly hatched sea turtles beat tiny flippers against the wet sands of Miami Beach, inching their way toward the ocean and a life aquatic' b'Nanny State? Police checks for people taking children to sports games.' b'MI6 officers facing torture claims (We can confirm that the Attorney General asked the Metropolitan Police to investigate a case that was a referral from the Secret Intelligence Service)' b'Taliban Control Spreads in Afghanistan' b'Former President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) sentenced to life imprisonment' b'They stalked Pepe through the backlands of Colombia for three days in June before executing him in a clearing about 60 miles from here with shots to his head and heart. But after a snapshot emerged of soldiers posing over his carcass, the group suddenly found itself on the defensive.' b'Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill, who released the Lockerbie bomber, has a brother who is an energyindustry exec and who has worked at firms that have pitched for oil business in Libya' b'Decades of inbreeding is causing immense suffering for pedigree dogs, who are plagued by painful and deadly genetic diseases as a result of breeding for appearance, a UK investigation has found.' b'U R Gay  Uruguay becomes the first Latin American country to legalize gay marriage' b'Stephen Harper secretly recorded  If we do not win a majority, this country will have a liberal government propped up by the socialists and the separatists.' Well This Isn't Scary  60th Anniversary of People's Republic of China Celebration Page Looks Like It Was Made By the Onion, But Its Real b'It turns out that South African goldmedallist Semenya is a hermaphrodite.n' b'MYANMAR About 5 billion dollars from Total and Chevron flow into juntas secret accounts' b'Australia Solves Doctor Shortage With Caffeine' b'The mystery of Chernobyl The abandoned town of Pripyat has become a wildlife haven. There have been sightings of wolves, bears and moose wandering through the deserted streets, and swifts swoop round abandoned office blocks' b'Businessman at the heart of the sex scandals surrounding Berlusconi told prosecutors he supplied 30 women for parties hosted by the Prime Minister...' b'WTF Big Oil fills the coffers of Myanmar junta to the tune of $5bn for a controversial gas pipeline, and deprive the country of vital income by depositing the money in offshore bank accounts' b'Last year, while the U.S. government was spending nearly $100 million a day on military efforts in Afghanistan, an Oxfam report put the total amount of humanitarian aid to the country from all sources at just $7 million per day. Not much has changed since then.' Poll asks Americans which countries the US should protect if they're attacked. Canada tops the list, followed by Great Britain, Mexico, Israel and Freedonia Hermaphrodite South Africa's Caster Semenya has male and female sexual organs. b'Hugo Chvez Venezuela is joining in recognition of the independence of the republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Dmitri Medvedev We will supply Venezuela with all the weapons that they request.' b'During WWII the proNazi Vichy regime of France stole a John Constable painting from a Jewish family, eventually making its way to a Swiss museum. Now a relative of the original owner wants it back in the family, but the Swiss legal system says no.' b'A Helsinki District Court has fined a member of the City Council EUR 330 for violating the sanctity of religion.  Jussi Hallaaho, the defendant, has called Islam the religion of paedophilia.' The IDF 'investigates' the number killed during Operation 'Cast Lead' and they conclude more Hamas killed than not. Human rights organization Nope, you have it the other way around, by a long shot. The 'most moral army in the world' trying to cover up the truth? Perish the thought! b'French President Nicolas Sarkozy has announced plans for a new carbon tax' Video  The War on Democracy  Coup d'etat in Venezuela in 2002. The use of child soldiers is rightfully condemned worldwide. But when teens take on the Taliban, they're termed 'voluntary militias' and celebrated.  The last work of New York Times' Sultan Munadi, abducted by Taliban,  killed in the Natoled raid that freed his British Colleague.nt b'Alan Turing  Gordon Brown issues an apology on the treatment of the father of computer science, after being petitioned.' b'Colombia is excavating its civil war dead for the first time  sometimes by going into active war zones' b'Haiti and Global Family Planning' b'Soaring Population May Swamp AntiPoverty Goals' b'They promised each other that if one died, the other would wear a limegreen dress to the funeral.  On September 15th, Kevin Elliot died in Afghanistan  and his friend kept his promise.' b'District 9 highlights South Africa housing crisis  Movie shows shacks for aliens, where many blacks still live 15 years after apartheid.' b'The Suicide Terrorism Database in Australia holds information on 90 per cent of all suicide attacks between 1981 and 2006. Analysis of that information yields some interesting clues It is politics more than religious fanaticism that has led terrorists to blow themselves up.n' Iraqi shoethrower Muntazer alZaidi 'was waterboarded' Israel on Wednesday rejected a U.N. panel's call to open an independent inquiry into its wartime conduct in the Gaza Strip and launched a diplomatic campaign to thwart any prosecution of its soldiers in an international tribunal UK Tories vow to remove surveillance state if they are voted in. I don't believe them, and neither should you.  b'Australian man kept daughter prisoner, raped daily her for 30 years and fathered four children with her  Could be worse than Fritzl' b'The Gay Sons of Allah Wave of Homophobia Sweeps the Muslim World (Good article on the extent and the roots of the growing persecution of gays)' b'China's cancer villages bear witness to economic boom' b'Airstrike in Yemen Said to Kill 80' b'Mohammed is now the most popular name for baby boys in London' b'Gunmen burst into a drug treatment center in the northern Mexican border city of Ciudad Juarez and shot to death 10 people, the second such mass killing this month' b'4, 15, 23, 24, 35, and 42 Winning numbers in Bulgaria in Sep 6 and again in Sep 10. What are the odds? Eyebrows raised' b'China in huge Venezuela oil deal' b'The US will abandon its plan to develop a missile defence system in Poland and the Czech Republic' b'The Unsolved Killings of 17 Journalists in Russia' b'For the first time [after] 21 years of dictatorship and the 18 years of chaos that followed, Somalias leader has both widespread grassroots support and extensive help from outside nations' 'The Day Afghanistan Was Lost' Aussie Basement Dad Victorian father 'raped daughter for 30 years', had 4 children all with birth defects Netanyahu builds on Obama's weakness  Obama's hesitation on Israeli settlements could put the US in danger. b'A Christian man detained on blasphemy charges was found dead in his jail cell on Tuesday in eastern Pakistan. Human rights groups here said he appeared to have been killed, perhaps in collusion with the authorities.' b'27 Years After the Massacre ~~ the Horrors of the Pogrom Live on at Sabra and Shatila' b'Juan Cole Russia helps the U.S. in Afghanistan  As  U.S. allies look for the exit, Russia, perhaps  because of problems with Afghan heroin at home,  gets in deeper.' b'2nd Attack on a German school this year. This one with Molotov cocktails and an axe.' b'Tokyo police launch antigroping week Not even a tentacle?' Europe now richer than America North America's wealth has now fallen the most out of any other region in the world, allowing Europe to step up to the plate as the world's richest continent b'The ORIGINAL execution video of Sri Lankan soldiers executing Tamil civilians. As the ground around them lay drenched in blood, civilian is shot on after the other [NSFWUNCENSOREDGRAPHIC]' b'Banana sex cult leader splits after raid' b'New UN Report Released Today The Israeli military operation [in Gaza] was directed at the people of Gaza as a whole, in furtherance of an overall and continuing policy aimed at punishing the Gaza population, and in a deliberate policy of disproportionate force aimed at the civilian population.' b'A UN mission concludes that war crimes were  committed in Gaza' b'IAEA Conceals Evidence Iran Nuclear Documents Provided by the CIA Were Forged' Israel readies for diplomatic war over 'biased' UN Gaza report   Haaretz Israel moves to discredit 'war crimes' report b'Cat reunited with family, 3 years and 3,800km later' b'Recession Ghost Fleet The biggest and most secretive gathering of ships in maritime history lies at anchor east of Singapore.  It is bigger than the U.S. and British navies combined but has no crew, no cargo and no destination.' b'US govt warns to weigh laptop when going to china  (Chinese hacking makes your laptop heavier, all those extra electrons)' b'Workingclass gay men, police stand off in Guangzhou' b'Today we celebrate 199 years of independence in Mexico.' b'Jane Fonda ...it can become counterproductive to inflame rather than explain and this means to hear the narratives of both sides, to articulate the suffering on both sides, not just the Palestinians' b'UN claims grave breaches of the laws of war against Israel in Gaza Inquiry; Israel responds by attacking the findings as being Conceived in Sin  instead of answering to them.' b'Human Rights Watch analyst suspended over Nazi memorabilia' b'U.S. raid in Somalia could win valuable intelligence, however, the attack could inflame antiWestern opinion.  Lack of civilian casualties seen as boost for military.' b'UK motorists with uninsured cars face 1,000 fines even if they are locked away in a garage or kept on a driveway' b'Change we can believe in Obama fulfilling his vow to regain America's moral stature in the world by extending PATRIOT ACT, giving Bagram detainees even fewer rights than the ones at Gitmo' Nepal's capital city, Kathmandu, has run out of goats to sacrifice just days before the country's biggest religious festival of the year b'Argentine Government FastTracking Controversial Media Law' b'EU farmers in white heat over milk prices' b'Cuban police arrest editor of independent digital newspaper' b'Damn it CNN if your are going to cover a press conference with the Canadian PM have someone that can translate the French.' b'Unable to voice their opposition in the streets of Tehran, some Iranians have expanded their online efforts to venues like Second Life.' b'The Church of Scientology won't be dissolved in France, due to a typo in an obscure law voted two weeks before the Church went to trial, which explicitly prevents this.' b'New virus from rats can kill 80 per cent of human victims' b'The gruesome spectacle of dolphins being slaughtered for profit has returned to Taiji, Japan despite growing international condemnation' b'The End of Innocence in Afghanistan 'The German Air Strike Has Changed Everything'  The incident has given a black eye to a country whose politicians have never been shy of telling others what's best in Afghanistan.' b'France approves Internet piracy bill' b'The Rural Doctors Association says right now there is a shortfall of 1,800 doctors across regional Australia.nnBut medical recruiters say even when qualified doctors from overseas want to work here, they are being held up by a bureaucratic delay.' b'Al Jazeera English  Africa  Shabab to avenge US raid in Somalia' How Sri Lanka governs through detentions  Sri Lankan officials defend the country's postwar use of antiterrorism rules. b'Two months after the Pakistani Army wrested control of the Swat Valley from Taliban militants, a new campaign of fear has taken hold, with scores, perhaps hundreds, of bodies dumped on the streets in what human rights advocates and local residents say is the work of the military' b'N. Korean cargo ship repels pirates off Somali coast official' b'Canada Stephen Harper attempts to prop up regime that has authorized its intelligence service to spy on and intimidate human rights defenders, journalists, lawyers and even magistrates from the Supreme Court who have been investigating political scandals.' b'New geological data provides hope for claims by Denmark and Greenland to maritime areas in the Arctic Ocean' b'Ukraine set to block Elton John adoption because gay union is not a marriage and because he is too old' b'German plane makes emergency landing' b'Street artist catches chief of the Israeli army with his pants down' b'In an equine echo of the controversy surrounding South African athlete Caster Semenya, authorities ordered hormone tests for the fouryearold Newcastle mare Tuscan Abbe after she staged a convincing race meet win.' b'UPDATE 5New York homes raided in terrorism probe' b'Population Growth Impeding Progress on the MDGs?' b'Global Population to Reach 7 Billion by 2011' b'Government Funded Feminist Porn ' b'Can someone enlighten me reHoly Land disputes?' b'Human Rights Watch official suspended for collecting Nazi memorabilia' b'in Canada the drug czar slams Harper gov't as he exits. ...warondrugs approach has utterly failed over the past 40 years and must come to an end. The emperor truly has no clothes in this case, said his email.' Remember that 'brave' attractive looking Danish woman who was using YouTube to find the father of her kid? Turns out it was just viral marketting aimed at getting more tourists to go to Denmark. I'll Love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living my baby you'll be!. Robert Munsch get on to the Canada Walk of Fame! Anyone else love this book when they were little? Sweden's Pirate Party Makes The Web A Political Cause Objects to two laws  one allows nauthorities to monitor phone, fax and email traffic ncrossing the country's borders. The other, a European Union directive allows copyright holders to find out the Internet addresses of file sharers The Danish Military seeks to censor Elite Soldier's tellall book that contains information about special operations even the Danish Parliament was not privy to b'Russia agrees to lend Venezuela $2bn to buy weapons  100 tanks and a series of antiaircraft rocket systems from Russia' b'US puts Europeans on alert to provide more troops for Afghan campaign' b'New UK rules effective next month Human tissue can be taken for humananimal hybrid embryo experiments without donors' consent; ethics experts, patients' groups and churches consider change as absolutely frightening ' China broke ground on its fourth space center Monday, highlighting the country's soaring space ambitions six years after it sent its first man into orbit. b'Foreign troops raid south Somalia village witnesses' Israeli paper thinks its impossible to remove half a million Israeli settlers behind the 1967 borders because it will cost too much. Funny, I don't remember the French being compensated for evacuating Algeria b'Amnesty International Authorities in Serbia have failed to protect human rights and gay activists. Physical attacks and threats to the lives and property of human rights activists are seldom promptly and impartially investigated by the authorities and few perpetrators are brought to justice.' b'Israel discovers new way to anger world Jews  Fears that Jew numbers will soon decline are behind an ad campaign that raised hackles of the American Jewish community.' b'Although the cause of her death was lack of medical care, the real case was the lack of education in Yemen and the fact that child marriages keep happening,' b'the Islamic population remains vibrant in India whereas the Hindu population is in freefall in both Bangladesh and Pakistan because of the nature of Islam and its theory of superiority, dhimmitude, and inequality in law which is sanctioned by Islamic Sharia law.' b'The U.N. Environment Programme says that underground water supplies shared by Egypt, Israel and  most vulnerably  Gaza, could collapse due to years of overuse and contamination worsened by conflict.  ... damage could take centuries to reverse.' b'How many posts per day is it allowed to submit in the worldnews subreddit? What is the number before considering such act as flooding?' b'Italy City of Naples hires excons to escort tourists through crimeplagued Italian city  A case of putting the fox in charge of the henhouse?' b'Venezuela gets $2.2 billion in credit for Russian arms ' b'Vestas refused to allow anyone to deliver food to us... I lost almost 20 kg and someone else had to go to hospital because of low bloodsugar levels... Activists of various tendencies were found there, even UNICEF supported us, due to the fact that we were not receiving food.' Osama bin Laden justifies 9/11 attacks in address to the American people but bin Laden losing support among Muslims, and why the hell can't we find Osama with $25 million reward  CIA will tell ya  its hard when Pakistan approves every move. b'When Barack Obama became president and retained many of the Bush administration's military leaders, such as Defence Secretary Robert Gates, reasonable people knew that Obama is a powerless man who will not be able to end the war as he promised, said Osama bin Laden.' b'Breaking Under new legislative reform, Scientology cannot be banned from France even if it is found guilty of fraud in the current trial. ' b'World Population Growth.' b'Airline plot trio get life terms' b'UK labor unions approve Israeli goods boycott in response to the offensive in Gaza' Russia says it won't deploy missiles near Poland  b'A Moroccan man campaigning to change the law banning eating in public during the Muslim Ramadan fast says he has received 100 death threats this week.' b'Why are over 80,000 UK residents being denied the right to vote?' b'Lockerbie bomber puts documents online that he claims prove his innocence' b'Credit crunch signals end of The World for Dubais multibillion dollar property deal' b'CIA Adding Bases in Afghanistan as Taliban Gains' b'Hundreds of millions of dollars worth of phone bill rebates coming for Canadian after Supreme Court ruling' b'Courage in Iran' b'Nairobi Kenya begins clearing out its Kibera slum of 1 million people' Lockerbie bomber publishes his evidence for innocence.  Is this true or can the net prove it's a lie? b'Gurkhas to declare independent state in India' Lab tech is charged with Le's murder, still no clear reason for the murder whatsoever b'It is not everyday that a plane full of Australians land in central Russia, but when the passengers are dairy cows, it is seen as history making.' b'Bolivia  Extremism causes rightwing candidates to drop below 10% support the rightwing opposition has been weakened since violent incidents last year... at least 15 indigenous people were shot to death when a group of Morales supporters were ambushed' Vaccine could be 'more dangerous than swine flu' Military gets mowed down by bullets by their own police force.  Where's the news coverage?! b'Political tensions are on the rise again in Thailand, with tens of thousands of antigovernment protesters expected to take to the streets of Bangkok to mark the third anniversary of the military coup which ousted their leader.' b'China warns of stability threat from H1N1 flu' b'Anonymous Blogging guide now available in Arabic' b'Arctic Sea saga  sources of speculation' Tax man twists Maradona's ears b'At emergency meeting in Venezuela, IAPA pushes for press freedom' b'Young Jewish men in Israel have created a volunteer group which patrol malls and other public places to break up interracial dates (eg. JewishArab dates.)' b'Shocking news large corporation murders people, tries to get away with it' b'The founder of the Jedi religion in Wales may file a religious discrimination lawsuit after being ejected from a supermarket for refusing to remove his hood. Mgmt fights nerdy ObiWan Kenobi, Yoda and Luke Skywalker all appeared hoodless without ever going over to the Dark Side.' Talk about Get Out of Jail Free Monopoly's Hidden Maps Help World War II POWs Escape b'Thousands defy Iranian rally ban' b'Why I threw the shoe I am no hero. I just acted as an Iraqi who witnessed the pain and bloodshed of too many innocents' b'Iran broadcasts soccer game in blackandwhite, without sound, just to hide protesters...' b'The U.S. intelligence community is reporting to the White House that Iran has not restarted its nuclearweapons development program. Somehow, Israel read this as nukes in one week.' Denmark's dirty secret Stateowned Dong Energy trades on its green image at home while outsourcing the dirty end of its energy portfolio with coalfired power stations elsewhere in Europe Trafigura's attempts to gag the media prove that Britain's libel laws should be repealed b'A group of prison guards dubbed the Facebook Five has gone to an Australian court to fight for the right to complain about their boss on the Internet' A number of people in Azerbaijan were questioned by police after voting for a song by neighbouring Armenia in this year's Eurovision song contest. b'Protests have started  The Latest from Iran (18 September) Qods Day' World's shortest man shuns limelight b'Man accused of supplying prostitutes for Berlusconi parties is arrested in Italy' b'Scotland Management tries to force drivers to cross picket lines, suspends pay when they refuse. Night shift walks out, early shift walks out, unofficial strike then spread like wildfire to over 2000 employees.' b'Moving home is always a hassle, but for a monstrous Darwin crocodile it has caused more of a headache than usual.' b'The nomadic pastoralists who live in the arid scrubland on the KenyaSomalia border are being forced out of their traditional way of living by a succession of worsening droughts' b' India in touch with Israel over new attack tipoff' b'This will be good Rod Blagojevich is going to be on The Daily Show next Thursday' b'Rising threat to aid agencies in Afghanistan' b'Nato chief reaches out to Russia ' b'One in Seven Germans Want Berlin Wall Back' b'banking bonus bubble' b'Silvio Berlusconi e il virus della escort.' China just announced one of the largest single layoffs in history. 1.8 Million people will lose their job. More than $1bn deposited in Malaysian prime minister's account  report | World news Children sacrificed to bring luck in Uganda elections Isis kills eight Dutch members for desertion | World news ISIS hackers target the wrong Google Caliphate Cyber Army hack small Indian firm 'Add Google Online' in apparent case of mistaken identity Leaked plans reveals German intent to close borders on refugees unless EU leaders agree on a strategy Ecigarettes are estimated to have helped 16,00022,000 smokers in England to quit in 2014 Argentine prosecutor Alberto Nisman, who died after accusing thenPresident Fernndez de Kirchner of covering up Irans role in the bombing of a Buenos Aires community center, was murdered Sweden accuses Daily Mail of running antirefugee propaganda campaign India to pump almost $13bn into rural development Bolkovac 'UN tries to cover up peacekeeper sex abuse scandal' The UN have promised to investigate allegations of sexual abuse by peacekeepers in the CAR. Human rights investigator and whistleblower Kathryn Bolkovac tried to investigate similar cases in Bosnia  and lost her job. Mysterious bright flash and bang seen above Scotland Final warning to Facebook by Frances data watchdog Germany to lure more skilled foreign workers Germany began testing a pointsbased immigration system on Friday in a bid to attract more skilled foreigners and end a chronic shortage of workers plaguing Europe's biggest economy despite a record influx of asylum seekers. Dutch find 10 Syrian war crime suspects among migrants Migrants break down Macedonia fence on Greek border France Rioting Breaks Out as Country Begins Clearing Refugee Camp in Calais, Officials Say China deletes Weibo account of critic of President Xi Jinping The Iraqi government and the US embassy in Baghdad have both issued urgent warnings about the possibility of the Mosul dam collapsing and sending a 20metrehigh flash flood coursing down the river Tigris, putting more than a million people at risk. Cologne Airport evacuated after major security alert Righttodie report will call for prior consent in dementia cases.The Supreme Court ruled last year that the centuryold law banning physicianassisted death was unconstitutional and that Canadians with unbearable and irremediable suffering could be eligible to end their life with a doctors aid. Russian TV Silent Over Child Killed by Nanny in Moscow The channels themselves decided to not show crazy people, Peskov was quoted by RBC as saying. But we support them. Calais refugee camp evicted by police with tear gas, rubber bullets and water cannon Chilean Attacked in Poland After Being Mistaken for Arab Financial cost of major weather events rising for Canadian taxpayers.The costs related to cleaning up devastating floods, the carnage from hurricanes and the damage left in the wake of intense winter storms has exploded to nearly $900 million annually Pope Francis' top advisers acknowledged that the Catholic Church has made enormous mistakes in allowing thousands of children to be raped and molested by priests over centuries Woman arrested in Moscow after reportedly being seen outside metro station with decapitated child's head The Nigerian government has removed nearly 24,000 workers from its payroll after an audit revealed they did not exist, the Finance Ministry has said. Mexico issues alert after theft of radioactive material Four Hong Kong booksellers who went missing in October appeared on Chinese television confirming for the first time they'd been detained for illegal book trading Swiss voters have clearly rejected  by 58.9% to 41.1%  an initiative to automatically deport foreigners who commit certain crimes. Our missile can turn enemy tanks 'into boiled pumpkin', says North Korea's Kim JongUn British Muslim girls being forced into marriage via internet Germany petitions North African states to take more migrants back Monarch butterflies have made a big comeback in their wintering grounds in Mexico, after suffering serious declines, experts said Friday [26 February 2016]. SodaStream lays off last Palestinian workers after permit row Mexico police rescue 87 women forced to work as prostitutes Pakistan hangs Islamic extremist for assassinating official who had defended Christian woman accused of blasphemy Two government surveys suggest a portion of the public remains unaware of the social hardships still faced by the indigenous Japanese who once occupied much of Hokkaido. In one survey for the native Ainu, about 72 percent said discrimination and prejudice are still directed against their race Polluted Milan wants to pay commuters to bike to work  With its serious pollution problem and notorious driving styles, Milan is hardly renowned as a cyclefriendly city  but a radical new scheme aims to change that Protests As Pakistan 'Hero' Assassin Is Hanged A new one atomthick flat material that could upstage the wonder material graphene and advance digital technology has been discovered. At least 59 killed in double bombing at Baghdad market Japanese police add 10 more to list of possible North Korea abduction victims; total rises to 886 Rights group Saudi Arabia used U.S. cluster bombs on civilians George Pell church made 'enormous mistakes' in dealing with paedophile priests China expects to lay off 1.8 mln workers in coal, steel sectors Former Tepco execs indicted over Fukushima nuclear disaster media Netanyahu to visit Africa, first Israeli PM to do so in 50 years Police Use Tear Gas At GreeceMacedonia Border b'We broke the law, admits CIA agent convicted of rendition' b'Saudi forces keep up Houthi assault Jets and ground forces hit Yemeni rebel fighters for third consecutive day' Mystery of Argleton, the 'Google' town that only exists online b'Afghanistan Five British troops are killed by an Afghan colleague and a fragile trust is broken' b'All over Latin America, and especially in the Andes, a political awakening is emboldening Indians who have lived mostly as secondclass citizens since the Spanish conquest.' b'Shamanism makes a comeback in Mongolia' b'Spain resists deal with Somali pirates ' Paraguay's president, Fernando Lugo, has sacked the head of the armed forces, after warning some officers were plotting a coup against him. b'Thousands of Ivory Coast victims look to be losing the money that Trafigura paid for poisoning them. The entire settlement is about to be stolen by unnamed local powers. ' b'Russian police officer video message to Putin; talks about police brutality, issues and corruption' b'France Thousands of cleaners strike. 30 sites, including company HQ, occupied. They are doing so with the support of unions and other groups who have joined with them to denounce the exploitation of undocumented workers' b'The UN backs Gaza war crimes report ' b'Nanoparticles could damage DNA at a distance, study suggests' b'Toxic waste victims could lose 30m as court freezes Trafigura compensation' b'Amazingly, not from The Onion Hutterite Colony heartbroken over stolen tractor.' b' Saudi air force hits Yemen rebels after border raid   ' Turkey Where genocide's just not so bad b'UN endorses Goldstone report' b'Dear United States How many countries do you have to be at war with to be disqualified from receiving the Nobel Peace Prize?' Ft. Hood 'Muslims Should Stand Up and Fight the Aggressor'...When the majority of victims of terrorism are muslim.... not so much b'Overpopulation The Facts  by History Channel Staff' b'Palestinian President Mahmoud has confirmed he is not seeking reelection' b'Doubts renewed over Iran aims ' b'New chemical Element Discovered' Abbas withdraws from Palestinian presidential race; PA officials decision is in protest of the US administration's failure to exert pressure on Israel to stop construction work in the West Bank settlements.  b'Professor David Nutt The population is with me' b'Israel migrant workers will receive shelter, food and medical care . . .  would perform manual labor outside the camps, but would not earn a salary. They would stay at the camp until their asylum claims are decided, which could take months or years. Slaves?' ExxonMobil to pay Iraq $50bn in fees, plus $2 per barrel of oil moved, for exclusive development of Iraq's largest petroleum reserve (West Qurna oilfield). b'Five British soldiers gunned down while preparing for tea  by Afghan policeman they were training ' b'Dutch among lowest cannabis users in Europe report' b'FileSharers Protected Under Proposed EU Legislation' b'College of Physicians and Surgeons of British Columbia Routine infant male circumcision performed on a healthy infant is now considered a nontherapeutic and medically unnecessary intervention... previouslythought prophylactic public health benefits do not outweigh the potential risks. [PDF (]' A Venezuelan's account of Venezuela's ban on video games. b'Palestinians might have to abandon the goal of an independent state if Israel continues to expand Jewish settlements, the chief Palestinian negotiator said.' b'Italy, the CIA, and rendition  What Wednesday's stunning verdict in Rome means for the War on Terror' b'Danish firm launches vitaminrich chewing gum for 3rd world kids to help fight malnutrition and blindness' b'Mexican mayor announces death of political rival hours before his body was found and two days before it was identified' b'36 Containers from Iran  Israel Stops German Ship  Carrying Weapons for Hezbollah' b'U.N. Set to Endorse Inquiry Into Possible War Crimes in Gaza ' b'nnThe antigovernment protesters in Iran, who had been careful to distance themselves from America, have just asked the West not to sell them out.' b'This is what the Nazis did to the Jews  Who are now doing it to the Palestinians.  [Video]' b'Buying Itself Out of a Recession  Countries Ask  How Germany Avoided Mass Unemployment' b'ExKGB spy gunned down in Moscow' b'UK Assetseizing powers out of control as legal powers voted in to deal with terrorism and organised crime are being used for minor offences. ' b'The alternative left for Palestinians is to refocus  their attention on the onestate solution where  Muslims, Christians and Jews can live as equals' b'Duh? Occupiers involved in drug trade Afghan minister' Saudi jets 'bomb Yemen rebels'  b'Frustrated by the peace process, Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas will not stand in 2010 elections' b'Every few weeks you have to sow fear, every few months you need to make threats, and once every year or two you have to have another little war' b'Iran's Arabiclanguage television channel, AlAlam  The World has been taken off the air in Egypt and Saudi Arabia' Drug maker Novartis takes legal action in UK to make hospitals use $1,000 eye drug over $97 alternative Unimaginable horror as helicopterborne poachers massacre 22 elephants before hacking off their tusks and genitals For first time since Depression, more Mexicans leave U.S. than enter New Zealand considers $100apack cigarettes to curb smoking Iran not building a nuclear bomb, says Israeli Chief of Staff Russell Brand to UK MPs Consider decriminalisation of drugs so money is spent on treatment, not punishment Alliance of Liberals and Democrats in EU parliament rejects ACTA The terrible price of defecting to North Korea, and later defecting from North Korea. 'Careless Norwegian driver' gets 7 years after US toe squash The Grand Experiment German Pirate Party Attempts to Reinvent Politics UK slides back into recession in first double dip since 1970s Internet freedom must be protected, TD tells Council of Europe Knesset members celebrate latest E. Jerusalem settlement by posing on evicted Palestinian family's sofa Over 1,000 Palestinian inmates on hunger strike in Israel German high jumper Ariane Friedrich posts stalker's name, hometown, and parts of his alleged email on her Facebook account.  Privacy debate ensues. Mein Kampf to be rereleased with notes countering Hitler's arguments Kenya's High Court Rules AntiCounterfeiting Law Is Unconstitutional Because It Threatens Access To Generic Drugs The UK is now officially in a doubledip recession. Why is North Korea threatening to conduct a nuclear test?  First, to make up for the embarrassment of the failed missile; second, the regime's past nuclear tests didn't go very well. Murdoch turns heat on UK government   N. Korea vows to turn South's leadership to ashes North Korean nuclear test could happen as early as Tuesday night, NBC reports Israel army chief contradicts Netanyahu on Iran Mexican refugee claimant murdered after deportation  Veronica Castro, a Mexican woman who sought to stay in Canada, was murdered five weeks after being deported Libyan authorities ban the formation of political parties based on religious principles, tribe or ethnicity ahead of elections scheduled for June. b'U.S. State Department Israel is not a tolerant society' b'Lord Drayson, UK Science Minister admits the sacking of David Nutt, has caused serious concern among the scientific community' b''Almost as serious as committing war crimes is covering up war crimes, pretending that war crimes were never committed and did not exist. Dennis Kucinich' b'Do you notice that Western media are ignoring the news of Saudi air force bombing of villages in Yemen? Can you imagine the international uproar if Syria air force were to bomb villages in Lebanon?' 'I will kill 10 of these people for each IED we find' |nttttWorld news |nttttguardian.co.uk b'Hasan praised suicide bombers, loudly criticized US policies, argued (as a psychiatrist, no less) with his military patients over the worth of their sacrifices, and refused, in the name of Islam, to be photographed with female colleagues. Yet no action was taken against him.' b'The inhabitants of Easter Island in the South Pacific have voted to restrict immigration amid overpopulation fears.' b'Is it time to pull out of Afghanistan?  Times Online' b'Twothirds of Brits against war in Afghanistan BBC' b'Security guard drives away with 10 million while his two colleagues were inside their office. ' b'The shitstorm as a result of the collapse of one or more of the big five banks (at least $420 trillion in interest rate derivs) would basically wipe out anyone and everything in its path. No exceptions.' b'Israel barrier cuts off family' b'Goldstone disappointed by US, Israel reactions to his report' Plenty of powerful people have an interest in the mercenary behind the 'Wonga Coup' keeping his mouth shut Diwali spotlights Nepal's untouchables  In a modern Nepal, the ancient musician caste grasps at the old and races to catch up b'The current situation in Afghanistan is similar to, Chicago Police in the 1920s fighting Al Capone, but turning a blind eye to the gun shops where he buys his weapons and ammunition, and even paying protection money to the owners of those shops.' b'Brave Australian teenager rescues one, then another' b'Follow the Money' b'Secret police agents abducted and beat awardwinning blogger Yoani Sanchez, whose online reports chronicle the dark side of everyday life in communist Cuba, on her way to a march for nonviolence' b'Omar Bashir cancels visit to Istanbul after Western pressure, and he looks *unhappy*' b'After troop deaths, British establishment rallies behind Afghan war.' b'The son of notorious drug lord Pablo Escobar plays a central role in a film about his fathers violent legacy' b'With the amount of money and time we put into making our weapons and training our soldiers, how do things like this keep happening?' b'Palestinian teen arrested by Israeli police another struck in the head by settlers.' b'China  Human Rights Activist Denied Entry to Shanghai Eight Times' Asteroid Mining Venture Backed by Google Execs, James Cameron Unveiled Putin to step down as United Russia leader It can happen  Ontario, Canada's largest province, has decided to tax the rich in order to reduce its deficit faster... The Biggest Student Uprising Youve Never Heard Of On an unseasonably warm day in late March, a quarter of a million postsecondary students and their supporters gathered in the streets of Montreal to protest against the Liberal governments plan to raise tuition fees by 75% over five years... Kazakhstan thanks Borat for 'boosting tourism' Obama to Declare Sanctions on Countries That Track Citizen Internet/Cell Phones The Biggest Student Uprising You've Never Heard Of [Quebec] South Sudan President Sudan Has Declared War Former top MI6 officer attacks global war on drugs. Fight Against Dutch Cannabis Caf Restrictions Heats Up In Amsterdam, hundreds of coffee shop supporters staged a flashmob smokein to protest the proposed changes China offshores manufacturing to the U.S. Welcome to Kiev city of beautiful women and a prospering sex industry Jihadi Work Accident Kills Lebanons Most Wanted Terrorist In Syria, Fatah AlIslam Leader Blown To Pieces While Planting Roadside Bomb With Syrian Rebels UK Bomb plotter says Bin Laden's plan was to bring down the U.S. economy Arab Comedian Sentenced To Jail For Offending Islam  Indias Misplaced Priorities It fires missiles that can go thousands of miles yet most people don't have electricity and can't get an education and are doomed to poverty.  Report raises fear of South China Sea war  The chances of a fullscale war erupting which could drag in China, the US, the Philippines and Vietnam are not as remote as one may think. Michael Ignatief, Canada's ex Liberal Party leader, predicts the province of Quebec's secession in a near future, likely to be accelerated if Scotland votes for independence North Korea promised Monday to reduce South Korea's conservative government to ashes in less than four minutes, in an unusually specific escalation of recent threats aimed at its southern rival. Chinese scientists have cloned a genetically modified sheep containing a good type of fat found naturally in nuts, seeds, fish and leafy greens that helps reduce the risk of heart attacks and cardiovascular disease. Israeli refuses to recognize East Jerusalem Arab's residency even though it recognizes his sister and parents.   Thus he has no identity card, no passport, he cannot register for university studies, apply for a job, sign up for an HMO or open a bank account. Spy found dead in locked bag hated 'flash car and drinking' culture of MI6, inquest hears    At WalMart in Mexico, a Bribe Inquiry Silenced  NYTimes.com North Korea issues unusually specific threat | The Envoy  Yahoo! News Cuba Plans Massive Shift to NonState Sector
  It'll move nearly 50% of the states economic activity to the nonstate sector, a senior Communist party official says, the latest signal the island is headed toward a mixed economy Jon Stewart's Rally to Restore Sanity in Washington has sparked more than 1,160 minirallies in 84 countries, morphing into something of a global political happening. Amazing Landslide  Brazil In Quest for a 'Legal High,' Chemists Outfox the Law  Eyeopening report on laboratoryadept European entrepreneurs who make and sell synthetic recreational drugs, such as mephedrone, Nopaine. When governments ban a particular drug, makers just change the formula Vietnam has agreed to help supply Japan with rare earths, as Tokyo tries to reduce its dependence on China.
 India A movement spreads to stop rape survivors from being subjected to the indignity of the finger test. Yemen says UPS planes never take off or land in it Iraqi Catholics saved from extremists by Muslim police force. Only 2 survivors remain from Nazi camp Treblinka  They are believed to be the last two survivors of the most chillingly efficient killing machine of the Nazi Holocaust the Treblinka extermination camp in occupied Poland. New Zealand, Denmark and Singapore have the cleanest governments. Iraq and Afghanistan rank near rockbottom out of 178 countries where nearly threequarters of the countries surveyed showed serious corruption problems 103110 Updates 449 Dead, 270 Injured, 96 Missing after 7.7 Earthquake,Tsunami, Two Volcano Eruptions, In Indonesia | Videos | Photos woman busted in Yemen for role in cargo plane bomb plot, was 'set up' Life in Hell Mogadishu mayor works amidst gunfire, struggles to remove garbage and provide lights to a city torn apart by war Suicide bomber wounds 15 in Istanbul Queen's English still rules We say tomato... as does most of the world, says 10 year study Top hacker retires; experts brace for his return  Anonymous Russiabased programer created malicious software used to steal $100m this year. He sold the spyware to criminal gangs, offered 24/7 support. Now he says he's retiring Supporting Palestinian rights on your campus may be labeled discrimination in the near future Iran, Saudi Arabia expected to join new U.N. agency on women Mohammed alShaibah, Air Cargo Director for Yemenia Airways said to Yemen Post, No UPS cargo plane left Yemeni lands over the land 48 hours. These accusations are false and baseless. Yemen Bomb Plot Key Questions Raised Rescue crews find 135 missing people after Indonesia quake  CNN.com Flooding in Central and West Africa has killed over 300 people and displaced hundreds of thousands more. The two sites are an integral part of the occupied Palestinian territories and that any unilateral action by the Israeli authorities is to be considered a violation of international law, the UNESCO Conventions and the United Nations and Security Council resolutions.  UNESCO Dilma Rousseff, Lula's successor, elected first female President of Brazil Honduras Return of Death Squads Killing Opposition Activists, and Teachers  Haiti nine months after the quake Poor tell West, Nothing! Nothing! Weve seen nothing! Facing $113 Billion in Potential Damages, Chevron Lawyers Seek Any Opportunity to Delay The evidence clearly shows Chevron used illegal practices that resulted in the massive destruction of the rainforest in Ecuador and the decimation of indigenous groups and other local residents Former Mexican President Vicente Fox on California marijuana legalization 'May God let it pass' Outcasts  inmates of the Black Eagle | Glimpse inside maximumsecurity Russian prison colony for murderers, in Sverdlovsk. Fantastic detail, colour, prisoners' stories. She was drunk, she started insulting me, and I poked a knife in her  If Roman Polanski wanted to make a film in New Zealand, the government would be more than happy to lower the age of consent to 13. MEXICO CITY (AP)  The director of a maximumsecurity federal prison notorious for the escape of Mexico's top kingpin was arrested for alleged ties to drug gangs, authorities said Friday Intercepted device likely a cell phone, photo analysis shows   Young people here are changing their minds and attitudes. No one is harassing us to think one way. Religion is available, and I worship God, but people who are praying and going to the mosque are also playing billiards and going to the coffee shops. Yemen astonished at explosives link In this land of cotton and alfalfa fields, residents live terrified by the drug cartels. People living in Jurez y Reforma have gotten used to seeing killings, kidnappings, houses and shops on fire, and the constant presence of the Mexican army Turkish document defines Israel as 'central threat' Arundhati Roy's controversial speech on the Indian state and the insurgencies across India (crosspost from /r/India) Hondurans Denounce Return of Death Squads. Death squads have reappeared in
Honduras since the June 28, 2009 military coup, and they are targeting
teachers, human rights activist Berta Oliva charged... New North Korea sanctions imposed by Canadian Government Apparently it is more important to save the Greeks and liberated countries than the Indians and there is reluctance either to provide shipping or to reduce stocks in this country, Playboy's Power Games  Colourful, chatty profile of Mikhail Prokhorov, Russian billionaire buyer of New Jersey Nets basketball team. Shows him as superfit, supersmart, modest, funny. Good readespecially for Prokhorov himself! Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard is having a brief meeting with United States secretary of state Hillary Clinton at the East Asia summit in Vietnam. President Obama grants waivers to Chad, the Congo, Sudan, and Yemen, which use child soldiers but are strategically important to the US. The waivers mean military aid will continue. Honduras, August progovernment forces shut down opposition radio, beat journalists, torture and assassinate teachers and members of resistance. The head of Britain's Secret Intelligence Service, popularly known as MI6, has criticized the leaking of secret information. John Sawers also praised his staff for the dangerous and important work they do and said it was important for people to understand why secrecy is not a dirty word. Pak PM Nationalization of educational institutions was blunder  PM Gilani declared that Pakistan Peoples Party had made a blunder in its first government in 1972 by nationalizing tens of thousands of schools and colleges in the country. Text Messages, Radio Warn Haitians Of Cholera Risks   Haneda Airport Reopens to International Flights Sunday Yemen Arrests Woman for Sending Mail Bombs  CBS 
News Turkish Flotilla Peace Group Visits Terrorists and Plays At War The investigation into this week's terror attempts is turning to potential culprits. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Saturday that the parcel bombs sent from Yemen have hallmarks of the militant group alQaida in the Arabian Peninsula.   b'Ukraine epidemic kills 109, 763,000 infected, and 34,000 hospitalized. Last Friday 40,000 infected and 900 hospitalized.  ' b'57% of Brits think Afghan victory is impossible, and 73% want a pullout.' 13yearold schoolboy confronts BNP leader Griffin at memorial for Pathan Indians 'Isn't this against your party's policy?'  b'Three doctors and a nurse have been arrested for allegedly selling newborns after telling mothers their babies had died at a private hospital in Mexico City.' b'A brand new set... of lies. nLeave it to CBC to set us all straight. Long live the free press.' Anne Frank diary offends Lebanon's Hezbollah b'Islamists in Somalia stone a man to death for adultery but spare his pregnant girlfriend... until she gives birth.' b'Confronted by growing evidence that sex between men is a significant driver of new HIV infections, the Kenyan government has shed a longtime refusal to acknowledge the existence of homosexuality and will launch a survey of gay attitudes and behaviors in its three biggest cities next year.' b'We announce to the world that our objective is to establish an independent Islamic State in Afghanistan. We do not plan to invade or impose Islamic Sharia on any other country, especially the European countries, concludes the Taliban statement.' b'Russian ultranationalist admits murdering a human rights lawyer and a journalist.  He shot them both at pointblank range  in broad daylight.' b'A new Internet freedom provision means that European countries can still adopt threestrikes rules targeting P2P users, but they must presume innocence, guard privacy, and allow for judicial appeal' b'Ho Chi Minh City has seen its population increase by 41.14 percent or more than two million people over the last decade.' b'With Blair out of the picture, the EU is trying to decide what kind of personality it wants for the new position of president' b'There's No There There IAEA Inspects Iran Nuclear Site; Finds Nothing To Be Worried About' b'ChinaIndia border dispute comes to the boil.n nDalai Lama finds himself caught in the middle as worlds most populous nations  both nuclear armed  flex their muscles' b'British PM urges global financial tax' b'Interview with Matthew Hoh  the officer who resigned a few weeks ago in protest over the Afghan war  explains his reasons' Cuba's bestknown blogger Yoani Sanchez said state security officials seized and assaulted her in an effort to block her participation in a march against violence. b'Analysis Andean Cold War raises risks for Colombia and Venezuela' b'French company EDF Energy wants Britain to fix the market if it builds nuclear plants British families could be forced to pay up to 227 extra on their annual energy bills to help fund the project' CIA men jailed for 'extraordinary rendition' kidnap  of Muslim cleric b'A taste of the conflict and mass movement of populations that may spread across the world if population growth outstrips natural resources.' b'Privatisation debate in Queensland, Australia  Anna Bligh and Andrew Fraser have a Plan for Queensland. Unfortunately, it is the wrong plan. And it has not been subject to the critical examination that it deserves.' b'Israel Remote control occupation?' b'Reported Cases in Ukraine Double Again To 871,037' Mexico lawmaker introduces bill to legalize marijuana. A leftist Mexican lawmaker on Thursday presented a bill to legalize the production, sale and use of marijuana, adding to a growing chorus of Latin American politicians who are rejecting the prohibitionist policies of the United States. Gaza ceasefire collapses, Egypt PM backs Palestinians as Israel drafts 16,000 reservists Gaza crisis Tel Aviv targeted by missiles. Hong Kong seizes $1.4m of illegal ivory  Customs officers in Hong Kong confiscate 569 pieces of illegal elephant ivory, their second major seizure of tusks in a month
 Growing concerns over 'in the air' transmission of Ebola  Canadian scientists find the deadliest form of the virus can be transmitted by air. It goes  from pigs to monkeys with no direct contact.  There are accounts of pigs dying at the start of human outbreaks.  Egyptian leaders have promised to support Gaza against Israeli attacks Kenyan information minister leads an IT revolution  Since Bitange Ndemo got Kenya hooked up to highspeed Internet, there has been no stopping his cyberprogress. A 'Silicon Savannah' is now flourishing. Israel And Gaza On Brink Of War As Tanks Amass At Border BP to Admit Crimes and Pay $4.5 Billion in Gulf Settlement  The British oil company said it would pay $4.5 billion in fines and other payments to the government and plead guilty to 14 criminal charges in connection with the giant oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico two years ago. The Federal Court of Justice in Germany has ruled that the parents of a 13yearold were not responsible for their son's illegal file sharing and do not have to pay a fine. The decision overturns a previous ruling.  Australia declares world's largest marine reserve  formally creates the world's largest network of marine reserves, protecting oceans around its coast. Egypt PM decries Gaza 'aggression' by Israel  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Hague war court acquits Croat Generals Gotovina and Marka over the killing of hundreds of ethnic Serbs in an operation to retake Croatia's Krajina region in 1995 Hamas armed wing fires longrange rocket at Israeli Knesset in Jerusalem Ireland abortion row India summons Irish envoy   Voicing concern and angst over the death of an Indian woman who was denied an abortion by doctors in Ireland, India summoned the Irish Ambassador & hoped that the inquiry into the incident would be independent. Trafficking The ordeal of a Moscow 'shop slave'. Whenever the girls ran away from there, they would be caught [by the local police] and horribly beaten up Thousands rally in Egypt against Israel offensive. The demonstrations come on the day that Egypt's prime minister, Hesham Kandil, traveled to Gaza in a symbolic show of support for the territory's Hamas rulers. Israeli Tanks and Troops Move Toward Gaza Border Rockets pound Israel, Gaza as Netanyahu alleges 'double war crime' Hard numbers on terrorism invalidate current policies China's richest man Zong Qing Hou Wealth gap is huge problem Jamaica to abolish flogging punishment  Law allowing flogging and whipping of prisoners is preventing government from ratifying UN torture convention, says minister
 Multibilliondollar Global Fund fires internal watchdog whose office found financial losses. It said that had terminated the employment of Inspector General after a careful review of his performance, which was found to be unsatisfactory Ikea admits political prisoners made its furniture, apologises 'Horrible Citizens' The Life of Greece's One Percent  The Greek economy has been tanking for years now as the country struggles to balance its budget by imposing deep austerity measures. But the country's richest residents haven't noticed. Many aren't taxed at all  Taliban Accidentally Reveal Identities of Their Mailing List Members  ABC News 'Hundreds of Irish women, including dozens who had been raped, have lifethreatening illnesses or are under the age of 16, have been forced to seek abortions in Britain in the past three years, a prochoice charity said.' New law would let Uruguayans grow marijuana at home or in clubs BBC News  Gaza crisis Israel air strikes hit Hamas HQ 40 Egyptian school children killed in crash Western media can't get Palestine right
 Uganda says wants to pass antigay law as Christmas gift Israel Destroys Hamas Prime Minister's Office Japan, India to cooperate on rare earth production Cat lovers tell Rome archaeologists they won't abandon strays living at site where Brutus assassinated Caesar   Cats of Rome are as ancient as the marble capitals they lounge on. We must find a solution that balances heritage with a social practice that's its own tradition, says head of culture.  Once imprisoned for her sexuality, Cuban transgender woman becomes 1st to hold elected office Train ploughs into school bus in Egypt, 47 killed Saudi Arabia Funds Mossad AntiIran Operations British Buddhist monk selfimmolates at French monastery   A British monk died in a Tibetan Buddhist monastery in France after he poured petrol over his clothes and set himself alight, police said.  Australia mulls mandatory smoker's licenses | Times247 Chinas national strategy to acquire technology illicitly from Western companies, but it won't work in the future France enacts the Nutella Taxa quadrupling of palm oil taxes France The timebomb at the heart of Europe U.S. lifts ban on imports from Myanmar ahead of Obama visit Bal Thackeray, Hindu leader and Shiv Sena founder, dies. 10 Things You Need to Know About Gaza Turkey will formally ask NATO on Monday to set up missiles on its border with Syria. The Munichbased Sueddeutsche Zeitung, which did not cite its sources, also said that up to 170 German soldiers could be deployed as part of the mission. Tunisia denounces Israel's operation as illegitimate and unacceptable    Interview There is a great anger in the country  President Higgins  Ireland. Catholic nun stands trial over 63 counts of physical and sexual abuse of children
 UN says access to contraception a human right Porn sites appear in Islamic countries mostvisited online rankings Woman denied an abortion dies in hospital  The Irish Times  Wed, Nov 14, 2012 Xpost r/Feminism Hamas military chief Ahmed Jabari killed by Israeli strike UN once again votes to condemn US embargo against Cuba Death penalty request over Afghan massacre  US army prosecutors request courtmartial and death penalty for Sgt. Robert Bales, accused of killing 16 villagers Cannabis taxation a winwin all round, Richard Branson tells UK MPs 140 people (90 police officers) have been murdered in San Paulo, Brazil over the past 2 weeks by an organized crime syndicate know as First Capital Command (xpost r/mafia) Proselytizers, be warned Jamaica bans Bible preaching on commuter buses Israeli Air Strike kills Hamas militant chief Ahmed Jabaari Putin, Obama confirm interest in consistent development of RussianUS relations U.N. Urges End to U.S. Cuba Embargo for 21st Year Middle class now rivals poor in Latin America World Bank. Rapid economic growth and more inclusive social policies in Latin America in the last decade have lifted 50 million people into the middle class, which for the first time rivals the poor in number, the World Bank said in a study on Tuesday. Afghan Warlords Call to Arms Rattles Officials  One of the most powerful mujahedeen commanders in Afghanistan, Ismail Khan, is calling on his followers to reorganize and defend the country against the Taliban as Western militaries withdraw Isreal considers toppling Palestinian Authority if bid for UN nonmember state is approved Israel officials warns against Palestinian UN bid. Israel's vice premier says the Palestinians would violate their peace accords with Israel by seeking recognition of an independent state of Palestine at the UN. A man described as a modernday Rasputin was convicted Tuesday of brainwashing three generations of an aristocratic French family for nearly a decade, swindling them of their fortune and their turreted manor. 'France has become the first European nation to recognize Syria's opposition coalition as the sole legitimate representative of the Syrian people.' Antiausterity strikes sweep Europe Spain, Portugal, Belgium, Greece, Italy and France rising in a European Day of Action and Solidarity. Study finds more men in Sweden sell sex than women. British ban squatting in empty properties  claim the new law necessary to fight anarchists   Features  Al Jazeera English Scandal in Ireland as woman dies in Galway 'after being denied abortion'. Health authorities in Ireland are investigating the death of a pregnant woman whose husband says she was denied an abortion following severe complications. Israeli air strike kills Hamas military chief Jabari Vatican City True Financial Crime and Murder Spaniards Take To Streets To Block Home Evictions