 Shark fin soup disappearing from the menu at Chinese weddings Couples marrying in Hong Kong and mainland China swayed by conservation groups' campaign to ban shark trade Silvio Berlusconi has officially resigned. Israel has refused to reassure President Barack Obama that it would warn him in advance of any preemptive strike on Iran's nuclear capabilities, raising fears that it may be planning a goitalone attack Arab spring + European autumn = Mediterranean crisis.   Almost all the countries round the Med are gripped by instability or uncertainty; one of the oldest and most fruitful nurseries of human progress in history. If we dont change direction soon, well end up where were heading, warns International Energy Agency  Unless dramatic action is taken by 2017, so many additional billions of tons of emissions will be locked in that a temperature increase exceeding 2 degrees will become inevitable. 
 Cigarette Clampdown  
Australia passes law to make packets even offputting  Australians are already confronted by graphic images of death & disease on cigarettes packs.  But come Dec, warnings will be bigger, more gruesome & on a monochrome paper backing. Brazilian Forces Invade Rio's Largest Slum  
Brazil sent 3,000 troops into Rocinha, the hillside shanty town overlooking Rio de Janeiro, to drive out crime & violence in advance of the 2014 World Cup Swiss Muslims outraged after pig carcass, swine heads, litres of blood found at proposed mosque site.  Flyer This was done to protest against the growing expansion of Islam in Switzerland.  Police We can't say yet it is a hate crime in those words, but it could've been done to stop the mosque Egypt Elections To Be Monitored by Occupy Wall Street GA approved $29,000 to send 20 observers, to work to protect and support the civilian monitoring efforts of Egyptian activists on the ground and constitutes a concrete stand against the use of American weapons against peaceful demonstrators. UK Drugs policy advisor under fire over links to pharmaceutical company Emirates to buy 50 Boeing 777s worth $18 billion After former Indian President Abdul Kalam boarded his plane in JFK, US security personnel forced crew to open doors, checked his jacket and boots for explosives. [xpost from /r/WTF] Staring into the abyss The euro crisis might wake Europe up. But more likely, argues Edward Carr, it will lead to compromise and decline The eBay ambulance that went to Libya....so he bought an ambulance for the rebels and drove it from his house in Manchester to his home country 'Naked marriages' on rise in China  
As costs soar in the cities, more couples in China are opting for 'naked marriages'  those without the oncerequired trappings of a house, a car, & other goods Video Activist reports of killings in Syria Geist US could claim millions of Canadian domain names in piracy battle Sudan rebels form alliance to oust president Rebels in Darfur, Blue Nile and South Kordofan say they want to replace Bashir's government with democratic system. Libya Fighters clash near Tripoli, several dead Another Iranian nuclear scientist murdered in Tehran Iran says Duqu malware under 'control'  The virus takes advantage of a previously unknown vulnerability in a Windows fontparsing engine to plant malicious code.
Similarities between Duqu & Stuxnet have prompted speculation that the same culprits might be involved. How Greece Exposed Europe's Potemkin Democracy  
Its not surprising that  Greeces proposed referendum elicited such outrage. Europe doesnt work like that. Demonstrators return to protest against financial markets Demonstrators showed up in force in two of Germany's major cities to protest against the influence of the global financial markets over the political process. The protests came as the eurozone faces an uncertain future. Legends of the Euro Fail  Paul Krugman




 Topless Ukrainian Activist Detained in Vatican After Protesting Under Pope's Balcony  
Feminists take their fight for women's rights to the Holy See ISPs in the Netherlands argue that blocking The Pirate Bay would be useless as it could take down the entire network; feel this type of censorship violates basic human rights such as freedom of expression BBC News  Italy crisis Silvio Berlusconi resigns as PM BBC News  Iran explosion at Tehran military base. Tunisia's democracy blooms as model for Arab Spring  Smooth elections, a coalition between moderate Islamists and secularists, and an explosion of civic life are propelling Tunisia forward as a model for the Arab Spring. Up to 200,000 Quebec students stage massive protest over tuition hike with support from social activist organizations and unions German sports clothing manufacturer Puma is developing biodegradable products. The sports clothes can be recycled or thrown on a compost heap. Arab League votes to suspend Syria effective Nov. 16; calls on army to stop the killing of civilians, may impose economic and political sanctions.  Qatari PM issues call to all opposition parties to meet at Leage HQ to agree a unified vision for the transitional period The collapse of the eurozone would cause a crash that would instantly wipe out half of the value of Europes economy, plunging the continent into a depression as deep as the 1930s slump, the president of the European Commission has warned.  Egypts Military Guards Its Own Power Business holdings shrouded in secrecy, estimated 5%45% of  economy.  They have no notion of what democracy is about.. want a stable political system where they can keep their privileges.. exercise some power over the future of Egyptian policy as a whole. French nuclear firm fined 1.5m for spying on Greenpeace. The energy company's former nuclear security chief was sentenced to three years in prison for employing a firm to hack into the energy watchdog's computers
 Egyptian military puts thousand of protesters through military trials. Even as Egypt prepares for parliamentary elections at the end of this month, observers say the army insists on remaining above the law, and silencing its critics. Journalists allowed inside Japan's Fukushima plant for first time ... tell of devastation Police investigating phonehacking at the NoW  have recovered a series of bombshell emails held by the newspaper at a data storage facility in India; police want to question James Murdoch and Rebekah Brooks about their contents
 NPR.org &raquo; Western Black Rhino Declared Extinct In Argentina, graffiti goes highbrow  A vibrant tradition of street art has become a bonafide movement
 Police arrest EDL members to avert planned attack on Occupy London protesters. Dangerous Volcano Spurs Rival Nations to Cooperate  
The volcano beneath a calmlooking lake has grown restive, inspiring a rare collaboration between Chinese & Korean scientists Mexico's interior minister killed in helicopter crash Its war against brutal drug cartels suffered a devastating blow the crash killed the countrys top security official in charge of the fight against cartels Saudi, French, Turkish Diplomatic Missions in Syria attacked by crowds We sacrifice our blood and our soul for you, Bashar.  Diplomat  They did a fair bit of damage to the Saudi embassy. We do not have the full picture from Latakia, but the attacks there appear to have been really bad Kidnapped baseball player Ramos found alive in Venezuela
| Reuters

 China strains Germanys solar dominance Can an industry built on government support survive lowcost Asian competition?
 UK police arrested more than 170 farright activists near Londons main war memorial, saying the officers acted to prevent a breach of the peace Lebanon  Hezbollah leader Nasrallah blasts US over Iran, Syria, Hariri.  The United States needs to put up a smoke screen ... and has launched a campaign of intimidation that talks about attacks against Iran and Syria so as to deflect attention from its searing defeat in Iraq Greece turns to Iranian oil as default fears deter trade Brazilian 'drug lord' sees reign as 'king of the hill' ends Rio's most wanted man, who allegedly presided over 35m cocaine racket, caught in boot of Toyota Corolla while fleeing The European Union and the US will begin formal talks on a freetrade agreement, paving the way for the biggest trade deal in history.  'He will stay in prison for a long time' Saudi royal family intervenes in case of 'celebrity' preacher released after paying blood money despite raping and torturing daughter to death
 Russian cop faces 5 years in jail after leaving disabled man to die on street in 40C After losing his fingers as a result of twelve hours spent in subzero temperatures, a disabled man has died from a blood clot in a Russian hospital French Assembly Approves Gay Marriage. North Korea Nuclear Test Japan, South Korea Ready Armies Following Provocation Google Maps reveals identity of North Korean test facilty Fiance kidnaps his bride from a mental clinic after she's been put in there on a false accusation by her relatives (translated article) China bans television ads for bling to douse growing frustration in wealth disparity Could the Middle East run out of water? New NASA images warn of water shortage Roof collapses at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant Wall panels and parts of the roof fell in on Tuesday in the machinehall at the plant's Reactor Number Four. Noone was hurt in the incident and the radiation level in the socalled exclusion zone around the plant has not changed Afghan military helicopter pilot flies missions with her daughter, as she has no childcare. G20 commissioned study by OECD urges stronger international cooperation on corporate tax.  Finds that some multinationals use strategies that allow them to pay as little as 5% in corporate taxes when smaller businesses are paying up to 30%.  Iranian ambassador's highfive with a German woman lawmaker causes uproar in Iran. A NATO airstrike killed 10 Afghan civilians, including five children, in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday, local officials said Vatican reveals pope had secret heart surgery Egypt Hundreds of Police Stage Rare Protests Health officials in the UK believe they have the strongest evidence yet that a new respiratory illness similar to the deadly Sars virus can spread from person to person. Britain summons North Korea ambassador over nuclear test Strange Shiny Object On Mars Identified Australian Dairy farmers face ruin amid supermarket milk war Syrian air base falls, Assad forces under pressure Israel's Prisoner X revealed  NATO airstrike kills 10 civilians, Afghan official says
 French Assembly passes gay marriage, adoption bill Devastating collection of video interviews with young children inside Syria. Little kids in Syria describe, in their own words, what it's like to grow up in a war zone. Iran urges to destroy all atomic weapons after N.Korea nuclear test We need to come to the point where no country has any nuclear weapons and at the same time all weapons of mass destruction and nuclear arms need to be destroyed China's patience with North Korea wears thin after latest nuclear test China's New Bachelor Class An estimated 12 to 15 percent of Chinese men  a population nearly the size of Texas  will be unable to find a mate within the next seven years. 4.9 earthquake detected in North Korea, indicates possible nuclear blast. In surprise move, IOC drops wrestling from 2020 Olympic program  North Korea tells U.N. will never bow to nuclear resolutions The U.S. and their followers are sadly mistaken if they miscalculate the DPRK would respect the entirely unreasonable resolutions against it. The DPRK will never bow to any resolutions The same international body that enacted a 1990 global ivory ban allowed China in 2008 to import ivory. This catastrophic reversal can be counted in carcasses  elephant and human.  Healthy Vancouver senior commits suicide in bid to change righttodie law 'I do not have a terminal illness; I am simply old, tired and becoming dependent, after a wonderful life of independence' Iran's 'fake' fighter jet which experts say can't fly is spotted in the air (with a little help from Photoshop). Chinese Hackers Are Going After U.S. in General, Not Just Media Companies North Korea Nuke test just a first response aimed at U.S. North Korea earthquake was a nuclear test, UN official says UN Confirms nuclear test in North Korea Police hunting serial rapist dont know whom to charge after DNA leads to arrest of identical twins Pope's Sudden Resignation Sends Shockwaves Through Church Church officials tried to relay a climate of calm confidence in the running of a 2,000yearold institution, but the decision could lead to uncertainty in a Church already besieged by scandal for covering up sexual abuse Australia's ABC exposes the mystery of Prisoner X, an Australian Jew working for Mossad who killed himself in Israeli Prison. Obama to announce return of 34,000 troops from Afghanistan
| Top News Government killing online surveillance bill A multibilliondollar expansion of the Panama Canal is proving a boon to scientists. The construction has revealed a trove of fossils, revealing a wide array of creatures that lived at the southern end of North America 20 millions years ago. Japan to send planes to monitor radiation after N Korea test  North Korea withdraws from nuclear test site Report Olympic Committee Drops Wrestling From 2020 Games
 CocaCola rejects findings that its product was the most likely cause of the death of a New Zealand woman. Not only has Putin made Russia the worlds largest oil producer, hes also made it the biggest gold buyer. His central bank has added 570 metric tons of the metal in the past decade. The added gold is also almost triple the weight of the Statue of Liberty 'Tories no longer party of privilege', claims David Cameron at 400ahead champagne ball Nonmuslim teachers at Islamic College forced to wear hijab or lose their jobs Pope Pope Benedict XVI 'to resign'. The Pope is to resign at the end of this month in an entirely unexpected development, reports from the Vatican say. To get the gold, they will have to kill every one of us  The moststoried warrior tribe in Ecuador prepares to fight as the government sells goldladen land to China 
Leaked Documents Reveal Gas Company Eyeing Protected Region in Peruvian Amazon Where Biodiversity Exceeds That of Any Other Place on Earth & is Home to  Indigenous People Who Have No Regular Contact With the Outside World China tightens concert rules after Elton John's 'disrespectful' Beijing show. Officials considered banning foreign artists without university degrees, after singer dedicated song to Ai Weiwei, say sources Unfortunately, we live in an age where any nobrains that brandishes a gun and screams 'God is great' thinks he's speaking for Islam, when he is merely just a hoodlum with a gun. An asteroid is going to fly by Earth on Feb.15. This is going to be the closest an asteroid has come to Earth without hitting it. Wind power capacity grew 20% globally in 2012 Farmers use of genetically modified soybeans grows into Supreme Court case Fascism mounts a comeback in Italy. As Italy prepares for elections, Mussolini, the father of Fascism, is casting a long shadow.  Outrage After Job Center Suggests Brothel Job for Young Woman in Germany Afghan boy, 13, jailed for having sex with men Microsoft, Apple (and others) summonsed to explain high prices in Australia An energy company is eyeing up the gas reserves of a national park in the Peruvian Amazon whose biodiversity Unesco says exceeds that of any other place on Earth and is home to indigenous people who have no regular contact with the outside world Israeli police detained 10 women at one of Judaism's most sacred sites for wearing prayer shawls, which Orthodox tradition sees as solely for men Attackers in northern Nigeria killed three Korean doctors, beheading one of them, two days after suspected Islamic fundamentalists shot dead nine polio vaccinators nearby Islamic extremists armed with AK47 automatic rifles invaded Gao in wooden boats in a surprise attack on the most populous city in northern Mali Gao is becoming like Pakistan After 2 months absent, still no sign of Chavez  Two months have passed since Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez climbed the stairs of the presidential jet, blew kisses to his supporters and flew to Cuba to undergo his fourth cancerrelated surgery. Nigerian prostitutes promise week of free sex if Nigeria win Africa Cup of Nations To curb poaching menace, India is considering issuing shootatsight orders. Antigay, religious group gets funds from the Canadian government to work in Uganda Two people in southwest China have tested positive for the H5N1 bird flu virus and are critically ill, state news agency Xinhua said on Sunday, citing the Chinese health ministry. China has leapfrogged the US to become the worlds biggest trading nation, bringing an end to the USs postwar dominance of global commerce.   Over the Antarctic, the Smallest Ozone Hole In a Decade  The pilgrims came, millions upon millions of them, in the greatest tide of humanity ever seen. Again and again, the vast crowds threatened to press too close, to trample the smallest. Then it happened ...
As many as 30 people were killed Pope Benedict XVI to resign feb 28 Aldi confirms up to 100% horsemeat in beef products  Supermarket says it is angry with supplier Comigel after tests reveal 30% and 100% horsemeat in withdrawn ready meals
 British sugar giant caught in global tax scandal  
Muslim fundamentalists use British television channels to preach in favour of violent crime and killing apostates.  Thousands protest in Ireland against bank bailouts Curiosity Mars rover takes historic drill sample China Passes U.S. to Become Worlds Biggest Trading Nation Russian opposition leader put under house arrest Thousands more people will have to pay inheritance tax to help fund longawaited social care reforms in England Chinese tabletennis player with key role in diplomacy leading to thaw in USChina relations in the 1970s, has died aged 73. Spanish leader teeters under corruption scandal  Strapped for cash, Spaniards seethe over allegations of kickbacks to highranking Spanish officials, including Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy.
 Attack in Nigeria is latest onslaught targeting health workers by radical Islamic sect Tunisian Islamists rally to show power of street  Thousands of Islamists marched in Tunis on Saturday in a show of strength, a day after the funeral of an assassinated secular politician drew the biggest crowds seen on the streets since Tunisia's uprising two years ago. South Sudan attack leaves more than 100 dead Sexual abuse victim's suicide sparks call for review of court procedures | UK news An arachnophobe's worst nightmare? Its 'raining spiders' in Brazil Mali War Shifts as Rebels Hide in High Sahara ProN. Korean activist gets jail term for illegal trip to Pyongyang South Korean doctors killed in northeastern Nigeria Kosovo to get an army in June Dutch Put Electric Cars to the Test  NYTimes.com Horse meat scandal How horses slaughtered in Romania end up on British plates IMF sees 140m jobs shortage in ageing China as 'Lewis Point' hits
Chinas vast reserve of cheap workers in the hinterland is vanishing
at a vertiginous pace. Peculiar 900yearold Order of the Knights of Malta celebrates anniversary with Vatican mass N. Korea says world mistakenly interprets its important measures as nuclear test BBC news Huge Bangladesh rally seeks death penalty for war crimes Suspects in sex cases should have their identities protected until they are convicted, a senior lawyer has said Pope Benedict XVIs leaked documents show fractured Vatican full of rivalries In a village in India's poorest state, Bihar, farmers are growing world record amounts of rice  with no GM, and no herbicide Missing Egyptian activist found naked, tortured in desert, says was abducted. Uprising against Taliban gains momentum Bomb rips through Pakistan market, killing 63
 Secret funding of climate sceptics is not restricted to the US In the UK, wealthy rightwing donors also finance campaigns against policies to reduce greenhouse gases UK, Germany and France Call for New Laws on Corporate Tax Avoidance  Britain, Germany and France have called on their fellow G20 nations to introduce global tax rules in order to combat corporate tax avoidance that is costing countries millions in lost revenue. AFP Bloodied cricket bat found at Pistorius home Reeva Steenkamp's Skull Had Been Crushed Libya arrests 4 foreigners suspected of trying to spread Christianity in Muslim nation North Korea tells China of preparations for fresh nuclear test Russia Meteorite Blast Equals 500Kiloton Explosion  NASA. (Hiroshima in 1945 released an estimated 15 kilotons) Russian Prison Working Pussy Riot To Death Adrift as Shape of Families Changes, Koreas Elderly Increasingly Turn to Suicide NASA now says the Chelyabinsk meteor must have been about 55 feet wide (17 meters wide) with a mass of 10,000 tons before it entered Earths atmosphere. The British home secretary has accused judges of 'subverting' democracy and making the streets of Britain more dangerous by ignoring rules aimed at deporting more foreign criminals Some Chinese Are Souring on Being North Koreas Best Friend  India's rice revolution  In a village in India's poorest state, Bihar, farmers are growing world record amounts of rice  with no GM, and no herbicide. Is this one solution to world food shortages? First Krispy Kreme store in Scotland creates massive traffic jam (xpost /r/NewsOfTheWeird) EU calls for better conditions for Palestinians jailed in Israel Russian Meteor Blast Bigger Than Thought, NASA Says Hezbollah chief warns Hassan Shateri Dead Iran Vows Revenge On Israel For Killing Of Guard Commander In Syria Israel Treats Wounded Syrians Along Frontier Family Cleans House, Finds Pet Tortoise Missing Since 1982  Exploding Fireballs Reported In Japan, Russia, Cuba, US Czech Republic Legalizes Medical Marijuana Use U.S., Iran, Russia team up to save wrestling If America did not exist, Russia would have to invent it. In a sense it already has first as a dream, then as a nightmare. No other country looms so large in the Russian psyche. To Kremlin ideologists, the very concept of Russias sovereignty depends on being free of Americas influence. 'Russian Romeo' steals girlfriend from psych ward, sues mother for forced hospitalization Russian lawmaker and party leader Vladimir Zhirinovsky claims meteor was a US weapons test Those aren't meteors falling, it's the Americans testing new weapons American engineer, stressed about US security, about to return home, hangs himself in Singapore under suspicious circumstances. Police refuses FBI assistance. Confiscates laptop, mobile phone. Portugal drug law show results ten years on, experts say.  Problematic drug use has dropped by HALF since the new law was put in place Malaysia detains Australian senator Nick Xenophon  an outspoken critic of human rights in the country Suspected meteor explosion reported in central Cuba Lot's of Meteor talk lately. Here's NASA's live stream of the huge meteor passing earth today. Assange's $4.5million lockdown UK police spending huge sums on 24hour patrol Unprotected sex leads to rise in gay men in UK contracting HIV  One in 20 men who have sex with men in the UK now have HIV (1 in 12 in London), with unsafe sex among gay men also having increased Saudi finally limits its religious police  announces legislation that reduces the authority of Islamist police Conservative Cabinet minister Gay couples cannot provide safe environment for children Taking the Lead Against Corporate Excess, Swiss to Vote on 'Fat Cat' Pay Proposal grants binding shareholder vote on CEO salaries, bans golden parachutes Dwindling church attendance  German Catholic and Protestant Churches Sell Off Church Buildings  Model girlfriend fled to bathroom as Oscar Pistorius shot her through the door Canada's environmental activists seen as 'threat to national security' by Harper Government Russian nuclear bombers intercepted near Guam Taxpayers' money keeps Japan's whaling fleet afloat public funds subsidise Japan's whaling industry to the tune of $8.9 million, even though only 11 per cent of citizens support it Why Did So Many Russian Drivers Get Such Great Meteor Videos? Japanese whalers harpooned a Minke in Australian waters Three men jailed in UK for deliberately causing a 'crash for cash' car wreck that led to a woman dying Russian parliament member says meteor was actually a U.S. weapons test Prehistoric pornography Chinese carvings show explicit copulation.  Its at least 3,000 years old, and its bicurious. Possible meteor shower reported in eastern Russia Russia to ally with UN to address DPRK nuke issue 100th Tibetan selfimmolates in China Onefifth of Russian city apartments have no hot water, onetenth no plumbing or heating Islamists denounce Valentines Day as an excuse for forbidden sex, ban giftbuying in Indonesia North Korea considering another nuclear test and missile launch this year A Russian Emergencies Official Says at Least 1 Meteorite Has Fallen in Chelyabinsk Region Australian scientists discover malaria's 'Achilles heel A third of India's politicians currently have charges against them, ranging from forgery to rape to murder Pictures from Carnival 2013! An Iranian Revolutionary Guard commander has been killed inside Syria by rebels battling Iran's close ally President Bashar alAssad, Iranian officials and a rebel leader said on Thursday . 6yearold raped, brutalized in New Delhi, India Obama reaffirms commitments to defend Japan MP says jail is good for young Aboriginal people Jos Genoino and Francisco Tenrio, respectively found guilty of bribery and under investigation for murder, have just become Congressmen. A third of Brazils lawmakers have either been convicted or are being investigated for crimes ranging from votebuying to theft to slaveholding. Chinese appetite for shark fin soup devastating Mozambique coastline Mantas and hammerheads to 'disappear' from divers' paradise if plunder is unchecked
 Iraq war 'delivered little but bloodshed', say Britons in 10year anniversary poll French meat processing company Spanghero sold meat labelled as beef despite knowing it could have been horsemeat, the French government has said.
  In their hurry to flee last month, alQaida fighters left behind a crucial document Tucked under a pile of papers and trash is a confidential letter, spelling out the terror network's strategy for conquering northern Mali and reflecting internal discord over how to rule the region. Meteor explodes in Russia Second case of Sarslike virus in Britain indicates humantohuman infection Tunisia Trade unions, representing about 30 percent of the labour force, have been protesting against the ruling Ennahada party. Inside the Vatican The $8 billion global institution where nuns answer the phones Burma police used incendiary weapons against mine protesters, report says. Shells containing white phosphorus were used to disperse Letpadaung protesters, causing burns, investigation finds Huge Meteorite Impact in Russia! Striking Amateur Footage.  Totally drugresistant TB uncovered, outbreak would be untreatable Its Official Julian Assange Will Run for Office Oscar Pistorius (South African doubleamputee Olympian) shoots and kills girlfriend after mistaking her for an intruder Iceland considering ban of online pornography A man burns himself to death outside a job centre in France after being declared ineligible for unemployment benefit Canada will never be a safe haven for zombies, Foreign Minister John Baird tells House of Commons South Korea unveils missile it says can hit North's leaders Egypt floods Gaza tunnels to cut Palestinian lifeline Three people have been arrested in the US and accused of conspiring to smuggle endangered black rhino horns and carvings from the US into China.

 Horsemeat Scandal Up to 100.000 horses disappeared in Sweden since 2000, possibly sold as meat in EU Israel's Prisoner X driven to suicide by interrogation, lawyer suggests 
How the Latin American Drug War Will End When change comes, it will be brought about by grassroots civil society organizing in the U.S. and in Mexico Russia Uses New Internet Censorship Bill To Silence Prominent Reporters Who Criticized The Government Egypt's women brandish knives at sex assault protests. One hardline cleric, Mohammed Abdullah, said women who go to protests were going there to get raped Israel acknowledges 'Prisoner X' existence  The Swissheld version of the Mona Lisa is also a genuine painting by Leonardo da Vinci Norway jails Rwandan for 21 years over role in 1994 genocid    Oslo court finds Sadi Bugingo guilty of complicity in premeditated killings of at least 2,000 people in Kibungo, eastern Rwanda Up to 200 smuggling tunnels shut since Egyptian President Morsi took office; some 30% of all goods reach Gaza through tunnels. French driver trapped for an hour in speeding 125mph car with no brakes Pakistani extremists rally against the evils of Valentines Day Australia blocks North Koreans' visit over nuclear test Horsemeat has been detected in frozen lasagne on sale in Germany and supermarkets have started removing the product from their shelves.
 Microsoft brings solar WiFi to rural Kenya  The pilot project  named Mawingu, the Swahili word for cloud  is part of an initiative by Microsoft and local telecoms firms to provide affordable, highspeed wireless broadband to rural areas Murdoch's Sun paper now caught up in NOTWlike hacking scandal.  Gazan farmers attend Israeli conference aimed at supporting Gaza's agricultural sector Wikileaks releases cable of the July 1990 meeting between thenUS Ambassador to Iraq, April Glaspie, and Saddam before the Kuwait invasion Saddam's message of friendship to President Bush The WikiLeaks saga has a message . . . Your day is over. There needs to be a better, more open, more transparent way of conducting policy and politics. Because wherever democracy is broken, the social internet will find a way around. In China, in Iran and yes, even in our precious European Union. 7.1 magnitude earthquake hits Chile. Lack of Jobs in Southern Europe Frustrates the Young  even multiple degrees and five languages are not enough to land a paying job The Village Where the NeoNazis Rule.  Hitler salutes in the street, firing practice in the forest NeoNazis have taken over an entire village in Germany, and authorities appear to have given up . The place has come to symbolize the far right's growing influence in Germany. Settlers set fire to home as seven Palestinians sleep inside Actor Pete Postlethwaite dies ( WikiLeaks Israel Plans Total War on Lebanon, Gaza  The paper says that US cables quote Gen. Ashkenazi telling the US congressmen, I'm preparing the Israeli army for a major war, since it is easier to scale down to a smaller operation than to do the opposite. Leaks reveal USA and Germany are collaborating on next generation spy satellites called the HiROS project. The spy satellites will make it possible to monitor any spot on earth, down to 50 cm  with fresh images 35 times a day. Vietnam's Mammoth Cavern  Photo Gallery  A massive cave complex has been discovered in Vietnam and the pictures are incredible. This is the cave that Donald Trump would claim. It has a jungle. You can build a skyscraper in part of it. Waterfalls? Got those too.  Aftershocks Welcome to Haiti's Reconstruction Hell  Dispatches from the tent cities, where rape gangs & disaster profiteers roam Wikileaks US recommends drawing up list of countries for 'retaliation' over opposition to genetic modification  Gunther von Hagens, the German anatomist famous for his Body Worlds shows of preserved corpses, has told a German newspaper that he is suffering from Parkinson's disease. He is preparing to become an exhibit himself, he said.  Nearly 200,000 Indian farmers have killed themselves in the past decade.  Mention of indian caste system in Malaysian text book has Malaysian Indian Congress up in arms who said they would rather forget such a thing ever existed and don't need to be reminded of it Anonymous lends a hand to Tunisian protesters Take down Tunisian government and stock exchange websites, deface with manifesto N Korea to spend 100 million on new offices & cribs for jr dictator 'The English language has almost doubled in size in the past century as we are living in a rich linguistic peak' China boasts breakthrough in nuclear technology Investigation closes in on German weapons company  Police recently searched the offices of German arms company Heckler & Koch in connection with allegedly illegal weapon exports to Mexico used in the drugs war. One manager involved in the deal has already resigned. Ugandan high court rules Rolling Stone newspaper cannot out homosexuals as planned.  Three men already outed receive damages. Japan Pushes Away Skilled Immigrants Despite Aging Population Anticipating a WikiLeaks disclosure, Bank of America has begun scouring its own records for damage control. Greece decides to construct a fence along its border with Turkey to fend off an ongoing flood of economic migrants from the Middle East and North Africa. Israel extends a sixmonth ban on the immigration of Palestinian Arabs married to Israelis. German Interior Minister WikiLeaks is irritating and annoying for Germany, but not a threat. . . . One might also ask, however, if a government is acting intelligently when it organizes its entire diplomatic correspondence on a network that can be accessed by 2.5 million people. Her father killed the boy and four of his brothers, and when he discovered that his own mother had helped her granddaughter, he killed his mother too. The harsh reality of Afghan women. An anonymous group of Palestinian students has created a document to express their frustration born of Hamas's violent crackdowns on 'western decadence', the destruction wreaked by Israel's attacks and the political games played by Fatah and the UN The Guardian's New Year resolutions Visa, Mastercard Grow a pair. Stop boycotting WikiLeaks. You're happy to process payments for dubious topshelf soft porn publishers. So why have you stopped handling donations for Julian Assange's iconoclastic organisation? The diplomatic telegrams that WikiLeaks published shows that the U.S. considers the entire world to be its security zone. Chinese police's flight to congo to rescue 11 chinese women trafficked there backfires after all the women unanimously agree its better to live and earn there, then in china . Small town of Zug, Switzerland is the headquarters of over 29,000 global companies (nearly 1 for every person in town). These headquarters exist as nothing more than postoffice boxes in the town center... 'Israel Navy chasing Gazabound Asia 1'  Two warships with Israel's Navy are reportedly chasing a vessel from Asia 1, an Asiasourced Gazabound aid ship in international waters A European antiIslam movement grows Paris conference brings together speakers from across Europe to rail against the dangers of Islamization Britain's antiterror control orders condemned as 'trademark of despots'  
Human rights groups across the world attack one of the 'most serious violations' of natural justice in developed democracies Wikileaks Mexico unable to control 'lawless' border with Guatemala  Afghan security guard high on hash and opium manning security post shoots at ducks... unfortunately ducks turn out to be a group of marines killing one of them. Ten Russian ships, 600 crew trapped in sea ice Warning Of Genocide In Ivory Coast Ciudad Juarez residents flee Mexico's 'dying city' 1000 indian farmers to travel to cuba to understand the disadvantages of using chemical fertilizers... Spanish revellers stub out cigarettes as new law takes force IDF chief I am preparing the Israeli army for a large scale war, since it is easier to scale down to a smaller operation than to do the opposite. PA official Chile, Uruguay to recognize Palestinian state Palestine Brazil to Host First Palestinian Embassy in Western Hemisphere  International News  AllMediaNY Germans more hostile to Muslims than other Western Europeans Israeli fighter jets strike Gaza Strip  Israeli warplanes have pounded positions in the central and northern Gaza Strip, leaving at least two people injured Iran says shot down two western drone reconnaissance aircraft in Gulf Classified maps show security in Afghanistan is worsening, despite Obama's assurances the war is 'on track' RussiaChina oil pipeline opens North Korea threatens final destruction of South Korea at U.N. In Russia, proposed bill will ban pride parades and public LGBT awareness events, as well as what has been deemed as progay attitudes on television Israel passes law banning models that have a BMI under 18.5 Brazil seethes over public officials super salaries, one Judge Made $361,500 in a Month 
Legalising drugs would be the perfect Tory policy 'It would save money, aid global security and be tough on crime. What could appeal to Conservatives more?'
 Russian lawmaker found dead in barrel of cement. Detailed Proof of Chinese Army Unit Is Seen as Tied to Hacking Against U.S. At least 3,000 children, including four under the age of 10 found huddled together in frozen embrace, are now known to have died during attendance at Canada's Indian residential schools, according to new unpublished research. Eight men steal 50m worth of rough gems, by cutting a hole in a fence Turkey Children fostered by European gay couples will be retrieved Germany Strengthens Gay Adoption Rights Handed a snack, and then executed the 12yearold son of a Tamil Tiger. Photographs show boy was held before he was killed at close range China to introduce carbon tax official Man arrested for pouring acid on 16yearold's face Chinese military linked to hacking attacks in the US. Photographs have emerged depicting the execution of the 12 year old son of the late LTTE chief by the Sri Lankan Army AP Woman commits selfimmolation inside Spanish bank. Chinese Students Wore Uniforms With CancerCausing Dyes UK Border chiefs seize 48 TONS of illegal meat containing horse and donkey The British government was warned in April 2011 that illegal horse meat was entering the human food chain As BBC strikes, Brits trust journalists less than Americans do. Only 21% of adults in Britain trust journalists to tell the truth...40% of Americans trust journalists... Armed robbers have made off with a gigantic haul of diamonds after a daring raid at Brussels Airport. Scientists discover what caused Ireland's Great Potato Famine Eight people have been arrested in Russia after a politician's body (Mikhail Pakhomo) was found stuffed in a barrel of cement. Nestle finds horse meat in beef pasta meals A Chinese entrepreneur is offering a huge reward to a senior official if he swims in a polluted river for 20 minutes, an attempt to draw attention to China's the environmental problems. Egyptian sheikh who said it is halal (permissible) to rape female protesters has been arrested and charged with defamation of religion A Muslim preacher is secretly filmed urging followers to take benefits from the state to fund a holy war Halve meat consumption, scientists urge rich world People in the rich world should become demitarians  eating half as much meat as usual in order to avoid severe environmental damage Amsterdam steakhouse boss admits selling horse for 63 years. Oscar Pistorius murder charge 'steroids found at athletes home Report Iran confiscates Buddha statues to stop promotion of Buddhism ATLAS Meteor Tracking System Gets $5M NASA Funding Egypt's telecoms ministry has refused to block access to YouTube and has filed an appeal to reverse a court order asking it to do so.
 At least 18 ancient mosaics depicting scenes from Homer's 'The Odyssey' have been stolen in northern Syria India blocks 73 URLs for criticism of an educational institution Britain is selling millions of pounds worth of small arms and ammunition to Sri Lanka despite the countrys dire human rights record. Government database shows that sales continue despite litany of rights abuses.  Roundtheworld UK cyclists killed in Thailand What an Intro for an Xbox 360 HDMI Cable Promotion.... Keiko Fukuda, a Trailblazer in Judo, learned from its inventor and went on to become the sports highestranked woman, died on Feb. 9 at her home in San Francisco. She was 99.
 In China, Families Bet It All on College for Their Children but There are too few Jobs for College Grduates Hezbollah condemned for 'attack on Syrian villages' Scientists confirm Chebarkul Lake meteorite found in Russian Urals as meteorite with an iron content of about 10% Breakthrough Saudi women can pass on citizenship to their children Most Terrorist Plots in the US Aren't Invented by Al Qaeda  They're Manufactured by the FBI A new hardline Sinhalese Buddhist group in Sri Lanka has called for the abolition of the Muslim halal system of certifying foods and other goods Alcohol sale to be banned in Egypt's new residential suburbs Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has returned home to Venezuela after more than two months of medical treatment in Cuba Red Cross' 150 years of helping between fronts Irans supreme leader steps deeper into the political fray and uncharted territory. 'Bad, wrong, inappropriate, scolded Khamenei on Saturday in his most stinging rebuke of Ahmadinejad for his mounting attacks on rivals' Egypt's Muslims attend Coptic Christmas mass, serving as human shields Too far. The UK government is about to sell the country's forests to timber companies. Wikileaks Companies including Coca Cola, Hewlett Packard & Motorola complained of widespread corruption by Israeli officials at Gaza crossing; trucks stalled if firms did not pay bribes. WikiLeaks Secret whaling deal plotted by US and Japan | Environment | guardian.co.uk Israeli soldiers break into an apartment at dawn and execute the WRONG man with many bullets to the head and chest WHILE HE WAS A SLEEP, then they simply decide to arrest the right man from the floor below and leave.  Spain rejects 'US influenced' copyright bill Czech doctors resign en masse, saying that being paid lower wages than a mechanic or waiter isn't OK any more. Birgitta Jonsdottir tweets usa government wants to know about all my tweets and more since november 1st 2009. do they realize i am a member of parliament in iceland? The Real Drugs Crisis The top secret database worth $35,000,000,000 in blood money, that you didnt even know existed Israeli soldiers shot and killed an unarmed, 65y.o. Palestinian man in his bedroom, in what appeared to be a case of mistaken identity. The mans wife said he was sleeping and she was praying when soldiers burst into the apt before dawn, entered the bedroom and immediately opened fire.  Is Wikileaks About to Release Its Bank Cache? World on brink of social unrest over food prices  Violence in Algeria could be the start of protests over rising costs of essential commodities such as grain and meat. More Turks leaving Germany than coming in. More Turkish Germans are heading back to their home country  motivated by factors like better job opportunities in Turkey and not wanting to feel like a foreigner. More than 30 women raped and beaten in DR Congo attack Shift of Earth's Magnetic North Pole Impacts Tampa Airport Pirate Party Slams AntiPiracy Outfit for Filing Illegal Complaints Palestinians are hoping for a United Nations vote next week condeming ongoing Israeli settlements in Palestinian territory (Will the USA abstain or veto it ?) Cables released by WikiLeaks reveal how the British government provides training to a Bangladeshi government paramilitary force specialising in executing political opponents. The Last Stand of General Sanchez Why the commander who was in charge of all troops in Iraq thinks some of his superiors should go to hell Columbia Journalism Review calls out journalists on not even being able to report the number of WikiLeaks cables correctly. Israeli pilot describes a 'good strike' that killed 15 Gazans as part of the assassination of a Hamas military leader in 2002  (that included 8 children and 3 women) Family of dead Palestinian woman rebut IDF claims that she wasn't killed by tear gas, saying it's a smear campaign Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei says the Chinese government has pledged never to be the first country to use nuclear weapons  at any time or under any circumstances. He says reports that China is considering changing the policy are 'groundless and out of ulterior motives.' The Man Who Spilled the Secrets | Vanity Fair on collaboration between mainstream media, especially the Guardian, and Wikileaks. Portrays Julian Assange as prima donna. Lots of new detail, and a good read Food riots break out in Algeria Italy becomes the first country to ban plastic bags nationwide! Five Myths About the Chinese Communist Party The little red book that swept France  The latest call to (nonviolent) arms has turned a 93yearold war hero into a publishing phenomenon. Furore over 'censored' edition of Huckleberry Finn Together, Slim, Gates, Buffett, and Ambani control more wealth than the world's poorest 57 countries.  China hiding military buildup WikiLeaks Population 7 Billion  By 2045 global population is projected to reach nine billion. Can the planet take the strain? Israelis bribed to admit U.S. goods to Gaza WikiLeaks
| Reuters The slow death of tolerance in Egypt | guardian.co.uk Why Bradley Manning is fighting for his sanity The damaged blow out preventer from oil rig
Ripples of Deepwater Horizon are felt around the world. The Presidential panel's report examining Deepwater warns a disaster is likely to happen again without significant change in industry practice and government policies.  Doing the terrorists dirty work for them   Swedish society itself is pursuing what was surely one of the aims of the failed Islamist militants to instil a sense of insecurity and paranoia across society The day Julian Assange threatened to sue The Guardian over the US embassy cables story | Media | guardian.co.uk Romania tries to tackle its recession by forcing its witches to pay income taxes.  Pakistan's very unhappy new year  Cut off from IMF funding, civil unrest, terrorism, hyperinflation, daily assassinations of Pakistanis by drones, war..... Mossad's new director says that a military attack on Iran's nuclear facilities would be counterproductive and would exact an enormous diplomatic, economic and military price. Increased numbers of policemen are being deployed in transport hubs across London, UK amidst fears of a terrorist attack taking place in the next few days. Anonymous joins Tunisian activists to call for end to the government's stifling of online dissent Ivory Coast Gbagbo 'expels UK and Canada envoys' UK students to launch new wave of protests  Food Price Surge Puts Strain On India's Poor
 WikiLeaks XXVIII Organized Crime Squeezing the Life Out of Bulgaria Pakistan's government nears collapse again Saudi Arabia 'detains' Israeli vulture for spying Taseer died for the Christians and now we are feeling broke and scared. If they can kill the governor of Punjab then who am I? Cable from the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv says Israeli officials wanted Gaza's economy functioning at the lowest level possible consistent with avoiding a humanitarian crisis. Over 3,000 birds fall dead in AR, over 500 in LA; 83,000 drum fish wash up on shore; 20,000 fish in Chesapeake Bay; 15 tons of fish wash up dying on shores of Brazil. In four days. Assange WikiLeaks does not have concerns for US national security, but rather for human beings Greek professor of linguistics at Cambridge University credited with identifying an endangered Greek dialect which is spoken in a remote mountainous region in northeastern Turkey and is believed to be a linguistic gold mine because of its close similarities to ancient Greek. President Ahmedinejad had harsh words for the West during a speech..on Tuesday [4 Jan 2011], telling them to 'respect other nations and their rights. Stop aggression and invasion...In doing so, nations will forgive you and give you an opportunity to make up for your past errors and heinous crimes' WikiLeaks Chinese attacks on Google came from the top France is the country that conducts the most industrial espionage on other European countries, even ahead of China and Russia, said leaked US diplomatic cables quoted today by Norway's Aftenposten. Chinese adult children must, by law, visit parents regularly  China's new Elder Law 40% of French and Germans believe the presence of a  muslims is a menace. 70% think muslims are not well integrated  Israeli PM appeals to US to free CONVICTED SPY Pedophile Priest Tony Walsh Face Slashed In Jail
 The Rise of the New Global Elite  The Atlantic Birds fall dead from the sky in Sweden too! WTF is happening!? O.o I had no idea, but Greg Palast has been arrested! His latest blog is private but the slug says 'busted by BP in Azerbaijan' WikiLeaks Israel aimed to keep Gaza economy on brink of collapse; there is no justification for demanding we allow residents of Gaza to live normal lives while shells and rockets are fired from their streets  Olmert Israeli air strikes hit Gaza. Israeli warplanes launched airstrikes Tuesday at two cities in Gaza, but there were no immediate reports of casualties, Palestinian and Israeli officials said. Romania's witches forced to pay income tax  are planning to use cat excrement and dead dogs to cast spells on the president and government. Police in the UK have banned ITN from a press conference because they highlighted bungled investigation into Joanna Yeates murder The Pentagon underestimated the speed at which China has developed and fielded a ballistic missile that may be capable of hitting a maneuvering U.S. aircraft carrier, the head of [United States] Navy intelligence said today [January 5, 2011]. Mexico overtakes US in percentage of population that is overweight  BBC News  Palestinians look for int'l support after failure of direct Israel talks In what appears to be the first diplomatic casualty from the latest WikiLeaks revelations, the U.S. ambassador to Libya has returned to Washington and is likely to leave his post, U.S. officials said Tuesday [January 4, 2011]. Uganda court bans media outing people as Gay following campaign to expose gays in October alleging that gays had plans to recruit one million innocent kids by 2012. Mongolia is experiencing a huge resourcebased economic boom, but will it become another Nigeria? France top culprit in industrial espionage  France is the country that conducts the most industrial espionage on other European countries, even ahead of China and Russia, said leaked US diplomatic cables quoted on Tuesday by Norway's Aftenposten. Punjab(Pakistan) governor Salman Taseer assassinated in Islamabad Some Christians have predicted the end of days by May 21st.  I'm challenging them to bequeath me their property on May 22nd. If Youre Homeless In Japan, Here Are Your Options And so it starts...Sri Lanka considers banning miniskirts , removal of billboards featuring scantilyclad women ...The Lakbima News newspaper said miniskirts could be banned if the cultural ministry had its way under a new era of moral purity. Saudi Arabia announces that all online publishing (news, forums and blogs) must be registered and licensed     
    
	 Arab News A 15yearold girl is more likely to die in childbirth than finish school in Southern Sudan As Hungary takes over the rotating presidency of 
the European Union, Prime Minister Viktor Orbn 
has introduced a new law aimed at gagging the 
media. The Facebook generation is up in arms. But 
Orbn remains largely unchallenged in his country, 
where most people have other worries. WikiLeaks Drug Enforcement Agency Goes 
Global, Beyond Drugs. The US Drug Enforcement 
Administration has grown into a global intelligence 
organization whose reach extends far beyond 
international drug trafficking. A huge Dragon tower to be built on border between Wales and England The extremely long history of incorrect Israeli predictions about when Iran will obtain a nuclear bom Remember the Iranian nuclear scientist who defected to the US, then years later suddenly claimed he'd been kidnapped by the CIA in Mecca, then returned to Iran with a parade? He's now being tortured in Iran. The Dubai Job  How Mossad killed top Hamas official Mahmoud AlMabhouh in Dubai a year ago. Epic story sourced from Dubai's chief of police. Much cloakanddagger detail, including wigs, lockpicking, forged passports, undetectable poisons TooBigtoFail Banks Face New Limits Under EU Naziera mass grave discovered in Austria  A hospital cemetery in western Austria could contain the remains of up to 220 disabled people thought to have been killed by the Nazis as part of their euthanasia programme. Flooding in Australia Reynaldo Dagsa was taking a picture of his family when he was fatally shot [PIC] Volunteer Cyber Army Emerges in Estonia. Cartels carve bloody swath through Central America In Guatemala, alleged members of Zeta cartel say war will start in this country. Greece plans to build a 12.5km fence at border with Turkey to prevent immigrants from entering the country. Argentina's 'impressive' bank heist   Al Jazeera  Iran invites nations to nuclear plants 
Iran to open its atomic sites to some world powers, US not invited. Japan to Propose Closer Military Ties With S. Korea Crocodiles, snakes are danger in flooded Australia  Bloomberg U.S. agents are armed with insider information that could help lead them to top Mexican drugcartel leaders, thanks in part to a Houstonian who was a member of an armstrafficking group that sent more than 300 militarystyle weapons to Mexico. Mountain Revolt  Bavarian Farmers Threaten Bid for 
Olympic Games 7.0 Magnitude Earthquake hits Eastern Japan Vancouver unveils free crack pipe program Chinese man dies of bird flu French Government Deny BitTorrent Piracy Allegations Over 250 IP addresses belonging to the French Ministry of Culture have been linked to illegal downloads  Arab League monitor confirms that Syrian regime using snipers against civilians Iran Says it's Produced its 1st Nuclear Fuel Rod UltraOrthodox Jewish demonstrators caused outrage on Sunday by dressing children as Holocaust victims to protest against what they see as persecution of devout Jews seeking gender separation in Israel George Whitman A bibliophile in Paris  Obituary of Paris bookshop owner, George Whitman. Shop was more commune than commercial enterprise. Hardpressed travellers slept among the shelves. Customers minded the till. Carpets stuck down with pancake batter | The Economist Member of the doomsday cult behind a deadly Tokyo subway gassing turns himself in after 17 years on the run India has ordered 22 social networking sites  including Facebook, Google, Yahoo, and Microsoft  to remove all antireligious or antisocial content in the next 45 days An international arbitration body has awarded Exxon Mobil Corp. nearly $908million in a dispute with Venezuela over compensation for the nationalization of its assets  Bahrain teenager dies as police crush protest. Iran fires radarbeating missile during Gulf drill Squadron of 12 Spitfire aircraft being built in Oxford Russia arrests New Years protesters 7.0 earthquake hits eastern Japan Iran unveils and successfully tests first domestically made nuclear fuel rods Was Al Qaeda really to blame for the Damascus suicide bombings?  Syria blamed Al Qaeda for twin suicide bombings in Damascus  an unlikely story.
 North Korea Calls for 'Human Shields' to Protect New Leader India announced on Sunday that it will open up its stock market to individual foreign investors for the first time, in a major economic reform designed to boost overseas investment. Egypt army fasttracks elections in response to recent protests Gaddafi supporters 'try to blow up Tripoli power grid'
 Images of ultraOrthodox Jews dressing up as Nazi concentration camp inmates during a protest drew widespread condemnation Sunday and added a new twist to a simmering battle over growing extremism inside Israel's insular ultraOrthodox community. Arab League calls for the immediate withdrawal of the monitoring mission in Syria, saying it was allowing Damascus to cover up continued violence Clashes as tensions rise in southeast Turkey  Angry crowds attack local government official a day after 35 Kurdish civilians killed in botched raid are laid to rest. North Korea asks China to hire idled workers from closed Kaesong industrial complex, China declines Stephen Hawking confirms he is boycotting Israeli conference North Korean LongRange Missiles Might Be Fake Fuel ports were in weird places. Cables looked like they weren't laid correctly. The warheads appeared to be made of cheap metal sheeting or perhaps wood. There were so many problems that most experts agree The missiles on parade weren't real Rupert Murdoch must step down as News Corporation chair  shareholders Downloads for 3Dprinted Liberator gun reach 100,000 Reports from Tibet that Chinese authorities have begun demolishing holy districts of Lhasa, including Jokhang Temple; shopping mall and parking lot construction plans cited Two women to run for Iranian Presidency Russia will do its best to stop anybody from starting a war  Putin Israel Approves 296 West Bank Settler Homes Chevron Using 60 Law Firms and 2,000 Legal Personnel To Evade Ecuador Environmental Liability, Company Reports Disney pulls bid to try to trademark the Mexican Holiday Dia de los Muertos Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to 4 years in jail for tax fraud A B.C. man who vanished a decade ago in a possible underworld killing set up offshore companies and bank accounts before he went missing. He is among the 450 Canadians named in the recent massive leak of taxhaven data Berlusconi sentenced to 4 years in prison Pakistan Court condemns U.S. drone attack as a war crime The other gender divide where men are losing out  Feminists are redrawing their battle lines. But data on topics from domestic violence to education show men have problems too. Age of consent should be 13 says a prominent British barrister A leading evangelical Christian pastor has been arrested in a Rio suburb for the alleged rape of six women, including three minors, police said A schoolgirl (14) was repeatedly raped by newspaper tycoon after being 'sold' to him for 650, a court heard Greek Youth Unemployment Rises Above 60 Percent B'Tselem More than 50% of Palestinians killed in Israel's last Gaza operation were civilians  Diplomacy & Defense  Israel News Athens mayor sues neoNazi MP who punched a 12yearold girl while trying to assault him Researchers mix cells from human adult gum tissue with toothinducing cells from mouse embryos to grow new hybrid teeth complete with roots. Blast rips through Moscow bus on Victory Day. An explosion has hit a bus in northern Moscow, ripping the vehicle's roof off and shattering its windows. Mass protest in Beijing over police handling of gang rape case [UPDATING] Vietnam Era Weapon, Agent Orange, Being Used to Clear the Amazon The Bahamas announces ban on commercial shark fishing. My Summer At An Indian Call Center  Writer learns to pitch mobile phone contracts to Australians. College was unknown there until recently, so speak slowly. Technologically they're somewhat backward. If you call on a Friday night, they'll be smashed The families of 7/7 London terror attack victims may have had their phones hacked by the News Of The World as they waited for news after the bombings. Anonymous post source code and blacklist data of a Dutch ISP after the ISP decided to act on gov't requests to censor Internet traffic AntiPowerPoint Party formed in Switzerland, wants a referendum on banning the use of presentation software French company fined 25,000 euros for altering Wikipedia article of its competitor; they tracked the company based on the IP address of the submission
 A Silk Road for the 21st century Freight rail linking China and Germany officially begins operations  Sex workers say they will die to save brothels Australia launches world1st plain cigarette pack laws The Portuguese are dismayed that the spelling of their language is being driven by Brazil, a former colony.  Somalia food crisis reaching 'unimaginable proportions' Can a biography of the Prophet of Islam, be told without controversy or cliches? It would appear not. But the BBC is going fr it. Spanish island to be first in world to be powered solely by renewable energy Pyeongchang, South Korea named as host city for 2018 Winter Olympics  In South Korea, all textbooks will be ebooks by 2015 EU parliament backs national bans on GM crops US airlines sue EU over emissions caps  USbased airlines have launched a challenge against the European Union over including them in the EU's emissions trading scheme. The companies say the bloc doesn't have the right to regulate intercontinental air travel. The European Commission has strongly criticised international credit ratings agencies following the downgrade of Portugal by Moody's. Iceland to Debate PrescriptionOnly Cigarettes Murdoch's  News of the World  investigator targeted families of dead soldiers.

Relatives of members of armed forces killed in combat told their details appear in Glenn Mulcaire's notebooks
 World Trade Organization rules Tuesday that Beijing violated global rules by restricting exports of nine raw materials used in the manufacturing of high technology products. 
 China shows the world nuclear can be safe by developing liquid fuel thorium reactors Swiss company cancels deal to sell cement to Gaza flotilla organizers Generations of Pork  How Greece's Political Elite Ruined the Country Pope Francis said Monday that many powerful people don't want peace because they live off war. Some powerful people make their living with the production of arms. It's the industry of death. Chinese government now blacklisting rude Chinese tourists from traveling abroad Edward Snowden warns data retention laws are 'dangerous'. The former NSA contractor who lifted the lid on mass surveillance in the US has a message for Australians living with new data retention laws You are being watched. Powerful religious leaders in Afghanistan are growing uneasy about the challenge to their authority posed by rare civil rights protests in Kabul and widespread anger over the lynching of a young woman wrongly accused of burning a Koran Unveiled in Milan, the world's first biodigital Urban Algae Canopy can produce a forest's worth of oxygen a day  the equivalent of 400,000 square feet of natural woodland Australian government lobbying against UNESCO listing Great Barrier Reef as In danger. Scientists say they have exposed a scandal at the heart of Ancient Egypt's animal mummy industry  A scanning project at Manchester Museum and the University of Manchester has revealed that about a third of the bundles of cloth are empty inside. Brazil plans to nationalise rainforest in pioneering plan to protect Amazon. Proposal to put all natural resources in the forest under state control faces legal wrangles  but if passed could enshrine environmental protection A drug rehabilitation centre with links to the Church of Scientology has been fined and ordered to remove unsubstantiated claims made online about curing patients. Danish school fined $6,000 for forcing Muslim student to eat pork Nepal earthquake victims' families prevented from leaving Qatar Fifa World Cup building sites to attend funerals Philippines' most wanted Islamist bomber 'slain by his own bodyguards for $1m bounty on his head' Moroccan F16 goes missing in Yemen Rhino killers lay siege to Kruger Park An American museum has returned a 10thcentury sandstone statue of the Hindu monkey god Hanuman to Cambodia, decades after it was looted from a jungle temple when the kingdom was in the throes of civil war Russia, China unite with major cyber pact The two have agreed not to hack each other and pledged to thwart technology that might destabilize the internal political and socioeconomic atmosphere, disturb public order or interfere with the internal affairs of the state. Tesla's lowcost renewable battery could revolutionize Africa's energy supply  Home storage unit is perfect for continent rich in solar & wind resources but short of reliable power sources, says Christine Mungai Macedonia says five Kosovans led the armed group which was involved in clashes with security forces in the northern town of Kumanovo. Macedonian crisis ends with at least 22 dead. 37 officers were wounded. More than 30 people were arrested. Israel's new government is planning to legalise West Bank settlement construction Turkish ship attacked as it approached Libya's Tobruk  Foreign Ministry Dutch solar road makes enough energy to power household Greece has revealed it is to introduce a surcharge for all cashpoint withdrawals and financial transactions in a desperate attempt to prevent citizens withdrawing their money from the country's beleaguered banks. North Korea announced on Saturday that it successfully launched an underwater ballistic missile from a submarine, further raising concerns about its military capabilities and raising tensions in the region. Oil rises towards $66 after China cuts rates Greek news sites are reporting that Aristotle's tomb was found. India to install panic buttons on public buses to curb sex attacks Switzerland Muslim students must shake teacher's hand France's 19 nuclear plants have voted to go on strike tonight at 8pm for 24 hours. Drones over North Korea USB cards, flash drives dropped Retired U.S. commander North Korea collapse not far off Foxconn replaces '60,000 factory workers with robots' Indonesia introduces death, chemical castration for Pedophiles ExxonMobil CEO ending oil production 'not acceptable to humanity' The world is going to have to continue using fossil fuels, whether they like it or not. Panama Papers confirm Canadian billionaire and university benefactor as mystery man in global bribery case China to send nucleararmed submarines into Pacific amid tensions with US EU turned blind eye to Turkeys human rights violations Amnesty secretarygeneral Europe particularly has double standards. Now that they want something from Turkey, they have turned a blind eye to human rights problems inside Turkey, Amnesty International asks for decriminalisation of sex work Singapore Teenage blogger Amos Yee faces 8 new charges for allegedly wounding the religious feelings of Muslims, and one for allegedly wounding the religious feelings of Christians Has a Hungarian physics lab found a fifth force of nature?  A laboratory experiment in Hungary has spotted an anomaly in radioactive decay that could be the signature of a previously unknown fifth fundamental force of nature, physicists say  if the finding holds up. Canada's oil sands are a major source of air pollution, study says China says its people will never stand for Taiwan independence Horrific end for majestic white lions Poachers poison the animals then decapitate them and chop off their paws for use in black magic rituals in South Africa Pakistani religious body CII proposes bill that allows husbands be allowed to lightly beat defying wives HIV/AIDS Togo to distribute over 10m condoms to fight disease Sweden, With Eye On Russia, Agrees To Give NATO Greater Access German prosecutors investigate neoNazi edition of 'Mein Kampf' A German paper has published an email from a farright group claiming it will publish a version of Hitler's book free of tedious scholarly commentary. This could possibly violate laws against spreading Nazi ideology. State of emergency in Peru over mercury poisoning from illegal gold mining Legal highs ban comes into force across the UK Harrowing scenes of Venezuela on the brink of collapse Thailand has shut down 10 popular diving sites in a bid to slow a coral bleaching crisis, an official said Thursday, in a rare move to shun tourism profits to protect the environment South Korea fires warning shots after boats from North cross sea border Refugees at Nauru who are gay or attempt suicide can no longer be jailed and men are now outlawed from raping their wives after the island republic updated its antiquated criminal code. All references to Australia have been removed from a United Nation report on climate change after the Australian Governments Environment Department expressed concerns it could cause confusion and negatively affect tourism. The 51C heatwave that's melting India. The impact of the heat has been devastating, and increasingly fatal, particularly for the hundreds of people dying of starvation due to withering crops in their remote fields. The Right to Disconnect Weekend Work Emails Are Now Illegal In France Sharia courts in UK face Government inquiry over treatment of women Home Office to examine claims sharia courts  or councils  may be working in a discriminatory and unacceptable way Australia scrubbed from UN climate change report after govt intervention  All mentions of Australia were removed from the final version of a Unesco report on climate change and world heritage sites after the Australian govt objected on the grounds it could impact on tourism War on Fat Chile Bans McDonald's 'Happy Meals' and Kinder Eggs New boa constrictor species discovered on remote Caribbean island  Silver snake, with distinctive metallic appearance, discovered in Bahamas & confirmed as previously unknown species 71 years after the first atomic strike, Obama calls for the end of nuclear weapons at Hiroshima A French company that was awarded the right to build Australia's $50 billion submarine fleet is tied up in a deadly multimillion dollar bribery scandal. Caught on camera US Special Forces on ISIS frontline in Syria Police hunt Brits who Hitlersaluted in concentration camp Authorities in Germany are searching for two British men who took a picture of themselves performing a Nazi salute in a torture chamber in Buchenwald concentration camp. The U.S. aviation lawyer who won compensation for victims of the 1988 Lockerbie aircraft bombing is now seeking $330 million from Russia for the downing of Malaysian Airlines MH17 in 2014 Indian women sold for 4,000 in Saudia Arabia and Bahrain, minister claims Around 2.8 million people in three Central American countries need food aid after two consecutive years of severe drought decimated crops and exacerbated hunger among the poor. Ukraine bans Gorbachev over support for Crimea annexation Mars emerging from ice age that ended around 370,000 years ago, scientists say | Science | News Photos have emerged of American special operations troops in Syria wearing uniform insignia affiliated with a Kurdish rebel group known as the YPG, whose connection to Turkish terrorists could could fuel tension between the U.S. and a key ally in the Islamic State fight. Stonehenge, Easter Island, Venice Climate Change Will Destroy Human History | An international team of scientists, anthropologists, and economists have identified 31 cultural and natural UNESCO World Heritage sites across 29 countries that are directly threatened by climate change. Chinese News Media Censors Taiwans Flag An ancient Polish forest is coming down  Poland says a portion of the Bialowieza forest must be logged to curb a bark beetle outbreak but environmentalists disagree. Last Soviet leader Gorbachev banned from Ukraine Riot police crack down on Paris protests against labour reforms Thousands of protesters turn out on streets of French capital as refineries and nuclear power stations across the country come to a halt Colombia has fired more than 1000 police officers in a massive crackdown on corruption The average city dweller in Kenya pays 16 bribes a month Sixteen of the worlds largest banks including JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. must face antitrust lawsuits accusing them of hurting investors who bought securities tied to Libor by rigging an interestrate benchmark, a ruling that an appeals court warned could devastate them Cuba to legalize small and medium sized businesses Japan Employment rate at 97.3% for new University graduates  record high Atheist academic calls for religion 'to be offended at every opportunity' Dawkins says it's ridiculous to be accused of racism when you criticise Islam Japan Plan to make programming mandatory at schools a step to foster creativity People of no religion outnumber Christians in England and Wales  study Venezuelans on Tuesday woke up to discover that the governmentcontrolled price of corn flour  used to make corn patty arepas, a staple of local cuisine  has risen by 900%. The Superintendent also said that the price of chicken would rise, up 13 times from 65 bolivares a kilo to 850 bolivares. Brazil minister ousted after secret tape reveals plot to topple President Rousseff Paris Google HQ raided in tax probe Australian Premier makes official state apology to people convicted under unjust laws against homosexual acts U.S. Embassy in Venezuela halts new visas because of overwhelming demand Chinas Solar Prices Can Fall 38%, Become Competitive With Coal Human remains retrieved from the crash site of EgyptAir flight 804 suggest there was an explosion on board that may have brought down the aircraft, an Egyptian forensics official has told Associated Press. The official, one of the Egyptian investigative team, examined the remains at a Cairo morgue. Frequent flyer  Taliban most senior leader Mansour used to fly out of Pakistani airports to Iran and Dubai on Pakistani passport Arctic sea ice melt like a train wreck says US scientist.Artic sea ice levels are on course to hit a new record low as warming at the North Pole accelerates.Temperatures in Alaska hit 11C above average this winter. The controversial leader of Chechnya, Kremlinbacked Ramzan Kadyrov, has engaged John Oliver in an unlikely online spat, after the British comedian mocked the hardman leader for posting an online appeal about a lost cat. India to invest $500 million in Iran port Fracking approved in Northern England despite massive opposition Rise of the robots 60,000 workers culled from just one factory as Chinas struggling electronics hub turns to artificial intelligence. Kunshan, in Jiangsu province, undergoes makeover as 600 companies look to trim their headcount Over 100 bodies dumped in a mass grave in Mexico Barack Obama has said Washington supports Vietnams territorial claims against Beijing in the South China Sea and promised it greater access to security equipment. Chinese and Russian warplanes have been increasingly aggressive intercepting U.S. military aircraft and patrolling near Americas West Coast, prompting the Air Forces top combat officer to label their provocations one of his top worries Greek authorities began an operation at dawn Tuesday to gradually evacuate the countrys largest informal refugee camp of Idomeni on Macedonian border, blocking access to the area and sending in more than 400 riot police. Adidas shoe manufacture returns to Germany, fully automated instead of relying on human labour in Asia Tony Blair Britain and US profoundly underestimated chaos brought about by toppling of Saddam Hussein | People | News We Truly Believe They Kill Animals Famous Sloth Sanctuary Is A Nightmare For Animals, ExWorkers Say Israel Hamas stealing 95% of civilian cement transferred into Gaza Poland starts logging primeval Bialowieza forest despite protests More than 180,000 cubic metres of forest to be cut down in area that is home to Europes largest mammal and tallest trees South Africa Just Lifted Its Ban on the Rhino Horn Trade Sweden refuses to revoke Assange arrest warrant Thousands of children working in Indonesia's tobacco fields are being poisoned by handling the leaves of the toxic plant, an international investigation has found. Grizzlies & polar bears are now mating  I hate to say it, but from a genetic perspective, its quite likely grizzly bears will eat polar bears up, genetically. Warming Arctic allowing the 2 species to come into contact more often. Citibank to pay $425 million over attempted benchmark manipulation Sweden phases out fossil fuels in attempt to run completely off renewable energy Sweden's prime minister announced his country will work towards becoming 'one of the first fossil fuelfree welfare states of the world' British restaurant owner Mohammed Zaman has been jailed for 6 years for manslaughter due to customers allergic reaction to peanuts ending in death. Zaman's conviction sets a precedent in the UK food industry. Jeremy Corbyn is prepared to call for an investigation into Tony Blair for alleged war crimes during the Iraq War, according to reports.The war, launched by the US with strong UK backing, lead to the deaths of between 150,000 and 600,000 Iraqis over four years. Found off Sardinian Coast WW11 submarine with 71 bodies inside Japan passes antihate speech law as Koreans targeted by racism ISIS Destroys Russian and Syrian aircraft in attack on military base 14 Russian athletes failed Olympic doping retests Bridgestone abandons Venezuela Corporate Beer Overlords Will Soon Own 1 Out of 3 Beers Made on Earth  Budweiser's owner eyes a major merger& better access to markets in Africa & South America. A Brazilian Cabinet member was just caught on tape plotting to take down the president ExxonMobil tried to censor climate scientists to Congress during Bush era  Exclusive 2001 intervention adds to evidence that oil company was aware of the science and its implications for govt policy & the energy industry Pakistan condemns US drone strike that killed Taliban leader Mansoor Palestinians reject Netanyahu's direct talks proposal Whether out of conviction or convenience, thousands of migrants in Europe are converting to Christianity Dutch Police Use Eagles to Take Down Illegal Drones Oil company records from 1960s reveal patents to reduce CO2 emissions in cars ExxonMobil and others pursued research into technologies, yet blocked government efforts to fight climate change for more than 50 years, findings show Women in Iran are cutting their hair short and dressing as men in a bid to bypass state 'morality' police who rigorously enforce penalties for not wearing a hijab. US releases Guantnamo prisoner after 14 years and no conviction Poland last week dismissed 32 of 39 scientific experts on the State Council for Nature Conservation after they criticized the logging plan of Bialowieza Forest 1.4 billion yen ($12.7 million) stolen from 1,400 convenience store ATMs across Japan in the space of two hours Schoolchildren in Russia will soon be taught a variety of military skills such as maintaining firearms as part of a new drive by the country's defence ministry. 50 million Africans face hunger after crops fail again Anticorporate activists, organic farmers, Indigenous peoples, environmental groups and others took to the streets across 6 continents and over 400 cities on Saturday in a global grassroots march against Monsanto Vegetarianism on the rise in Germany, but schools draw the line at veganism  Tofu schnitzel, tofu bratwurst, tofu kebab. It all exists in Germany. Popular as vegetarian options may be, a German court has ruled that veganism is too risky as a school meal option. Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour 'probably killed' in US air strike on Afghanistan, US officials say Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour had been killed in an attack by U.S. drones EgyptAir crash Internal blast 'tore right side' of jet, pilot says Israel defense chief quits, warns of extremist rise under Netanyahu Islamic State threatens attacks in India. Islamic State mocked Muslims living in harmony with Hindus who worship cows, trees and the sun, and urged them to travel to ISheld territories in the Caliphate. Venezuela To Hold Military Exercises Citing Imminent US Invasion The longawaited Chilcot report into the Iraq war is reportedly set to savage Tony Blair and other former government officials in an absolutely brutal verdict on the failings of the occupation. Police, soldiers swarm Mexico's Acapulco, killings continue Outrage in Japan as U.S. Marine veteran arrested in connection with death of woman on Okinawa Microplastics in the sea a growing threat to human health, United Nations warns More than a quarter of fish in markets in Indonesia and California contain plastic particles UK trains soldiers for majority of regimes on its own human rights abuse watchlist | Sixteen nations on the Foreign Office watchlist for use of torture and sexual violence benefit from military and security support China denies selling human flesh as tinned corned beef in Zambia in Africa Church of Scotland votes to allow gay marriages for ministers Georgian Shot Dead by Russian troops Near Breakaway Abkhazia Region First 'Made in India' space shuttle to lift off tomorrow Two zoo lions shot and killed after mauling 'suicidal' naked man 'It keeps happening,' rape survivor says Protests against American military presence in Japan continued on Saturday, as the countrys defense minister lodged a formal complaint over the latest case of alleged murder and rape of a young Japanese woman by a US military base employee Obama will not apologize for Hiroshima attack, he tells Japanese TV Austria rejects 'farright president' Climate denial arguments fail a blind test In a Pepsi challenge test, economist and statisticians find mainstream climate arguments accurate and contrarian arguments wrong and misleading Operation to retake Fallujah has begun, Iraqi prime minister says India's FirstEver Indigenous Space Shuttle Launched Successfully Chinese and Russian warplanes have been increasingly aggressive intercepting U.S. military aircraft and patrolling near Americas West Coast, prompting the Air Forces top combat officer to label their provocations one of his top worries. Isis threatens attacks in India. Isis mocked Muslims living in harmony with Hindus and urged them to travel to Isisheld territories.India, a Hindumajority country, is home to more than 160 million Muslims, but only a handful of them have joined the Middle Eastern group Turkey's prime minister formally submitted his resignation on Sunday. Samoa Considering Amending Constitution to Become a Christian State. Churches Push for a Ban on Islam The German drugs and chemicals group Bayer has pounced on Monsanto, the worlds biggest seed company, with an unsolicited takeover offer likely to be worth more than $40bn (27bn). Reuters U.S. to completely lift Vietnam lethal arms embargo 31 possible Rio Olympians 'failed drug tests' in Beijing Austria election farright candidate and rival tied at 50% in exit poll Turkey shifts to presidential system, even without constitutional change Hamas to publicly execute criminals in Gaza EU Survey 64% of Europeans in Favour of Basic Income At least 17 girls killed in school dormitory fire in Thailand Vietnam hopes its voice is heard as Obama visits  Vietnam seeks US backing in its dispute with China over contested islands in the South China Sea. It seeks access to US military technology. Brazil, you are next ISIS issue serious threat to 2016 Rio Olympics India successfully test launches their firstever indigenous space shuttle Farmer suicides soar in India as deadly heatwave hits 51 degrees Celsius | India has set a new record for its highestever recorded temperature  a searing 51 degrees Celsius or 123.8F  amid a devastating heatwave that has ravaged much of the country for weeks. Falluja assault Iraq PM announces beginning of military operation Pakistan says U.S. drone strike violated its sovereignty Across Africa, the worst food crisis since 1985 looms for 50 million LinkedIn just revealed that the 2012 breach that compromised the accounts of 6.5 million users actually hit more than 100 million users. The Chinese government is fabricating almost 490m social media posts a year as part of a massive secretive operation designed to distract the public from criticising or questioning its rule, according to a study. EgyptAir Flight 804 Wreckage found, airline official says Morocco starts blocking access to Steam and other popular computer games Humans damaging the environment faster than it can recover, UN finds  Radical action is needed to combat increasing rate of environmental damage to water sources, land, biodiversity & marine life, report shows Egypt military says finds EgyptAir plane debris 290 km from Alexandria Jihadist website profiting from online advertising, including U.S. companies NATO just added a new member Montenegro Auschwitz museum finds inmate's gold ring, necklace in falsebottomed mug Israeli defense minister quits, citing poor faith in Netanyahu India records its hottest temperature ever 123.8 degrees Fahrenheit (51 degrees Celsius) Alberto Nisman, who investigated Argentinas worst terrorist attack before he was found dead in his home last year, may have been forced to kill himself, a prosecutor who was formerly in charge of his case has said. Australian scientists achieve a 2050 solar efficiency benchmark 34 years early Seychelles decriminalizes samesex relationships EgyptAir Flight 804 Greece official says debris not from plane, report Russia sends 2,400 tons of food to North Korea High pay for bosses hurting economy says senior Bank of England official Erdogan has 'autocratic ambitions' for Turkey The Bundestag president has criticized the Turkish regime's push to strip legislators of parliamentary immunity. Turkey's president has autocratic ambitions. China says more than 40 countries support its stance on South China Sea dispute 97 Women and children freed from Boko Haram by Nigerian armed forces. Two of the kidnapped girls from Chibok were among them. China says it's ready if US stirs up any conflict in South China Sea An Attempt to Crack Down on Boycotting Israel in Canada Has Failed Uber drivers accused of 32 rapes and sex attacks on London passengers over the past year New statistics reveal one assault every 11 days last year by drivers on popular carhire app Bull spearing outlawed by Spanish regional government. U.S. investigators leaning toward possibility of terrorist attack (EgyptAir flight) Coke Has Suspended All Production in Venezuela Magic mushroom compound psilocybin can reduce symptoms of treatmentresistant depression This is the first time that psilocybin has been investigated as a potential treatment for major depression, says lead author Dr Robin CarhartHarris, Imperial College London EgyptAir Flight 804 black boxes located The world's largest cruise ship and its supersized pollution problem each of the Harmonys three fourstorey high 16cylinder Wrtsil engines will, at full power, burn 1,377 US gallons of fuel an hour, or about 96,000 gallons a day of some of the most polluting diesel fuel in the world Australias Great Barrier Reef will be in a terminal condition within five years, according to scientists. If something is not done in this election cycle then we may not see good coral again within our childrens lifetime. Paris Will Start Swabbing High Schoolers to See If They're Smoking Pot Vladimir Putin and the Russian state are being sued by families of those who died on Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 when it was shot down over Ukraine. 'We are like a bomb' food riots show Venezuela crisis has gone beyond politics Mexico approves extradition of Joaqun El Chapo Guzmn to U.S. Chiles Worst Ever Red Tide Kills 20 Million Fish, Prompts Investigation of Salmon Farms EU Data Protection Chief Calls for No Backdoors and a 'Right to Encypt'.Much more so than our homes, our mobile devices now contain revealing and sensitive data on almost every aspect of our lives, private and professional, Israel Has Been Infected by the Seeds of Fascism, Says exPrime Minister Ehud Barak 80% of the worlds megacities are now in Asia, Latin America, or Africa Sweden and Finland upgrade Nato relations Cannes With 'Risk,' Laura Poitras Ignites Demand For Julian Assange's Release In the U.S., most of the journalists are propagandists and stenographers for the state. Mexican Government Fires a Staggering 3000 Striking Teachers.Federal Police forcibly removed teachers from their protest camp in the middle of the night. A court in western Germany said on Friday that there was no legal obstacle to the practice of shredding male chicks shortly after they are hatched, in a big setback for animal rights activists. Fatal EgyptAir flight suffered onboard fire minutes before crash Cameron forced into 'major climbdown' over NHS TTIP deal. Tory rebels and Jeremy Corbyn form unlikely alliance to protect NHS from transatlantic trade deal French festivals ditch Eagles of Death Metal over singer's comments Jesse Hughes alleged he saw Muslims celebrating during Paris attacks and that Bataclan staff were involved in assault Bangladesh village doctor hacked to death in attack claimed by Islamic State Russia proposes joint airstrikes on Syria rebels with U.S.led coalition. Reports of bathroom smoke alerts suggest an electrical fire on EgyptAir MS804 flight, which could have caused it's crash on it's Paris to Cairo route. Turkey Moves to Prosecute Most ProKurdish Party Lawmakers. Kati Piri, Turkey rapporteur for the European Parliament, called Fridays amendment an historic mistake. US rejects Russian proposal for joint air strikes on Syria All European scientific articles to be freely accessible by 2020. Zika crisis Rio Olympics 'should be moved or postponed' Child rapist ISIS fighter who laughed about buying sex slaves is captured by Kurdish Peshmerga Gay sex causes earthquakes and 'disgusts' Allah, says Muslim cleric in Ghana North Korea Linked To $81 Million Bangladesh Bank Heist Sex Pistol John Lydon Blowing whistle on Jimmy Savile got me banned from BBC SpaceX successfully lands Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the 3rd time El Salvador  where women are jailed for 40 years for the 'crime' of having a miscarriage  Woman just released after spending only 5 years in jail for miscarrying. China is encouraging its citizens to eat less meat  and that could be a big win for the climate Okinawa base imposes curfew on US troops after woman's death A 9yearold USUK citizen has launched a legal action against the British government for refusing to request her fathers return after he was kidnapped by Ethiopian security forces and renditioned to Ethiopia to face a death sentence for being an opponent of that countrys government China to replace school children's 2,625 foot ladder with stairs North Korea threatens retaliation after South Korean warning shots China says Nanjing more worthy of remembrance than Hiroshima Brazil 'mass rape' video President calls crisis talks Indian Muslims Resilient Against Overtures By Terrorist Groups, Says US.There's a lot of reporting about some major investments being made by the Saudis, by the Wahhabi Clerical Movement to set up a large network of schools and madrasas throughout India, Argentinas last military dictator, 88yearold former general Reynaldo Bignone, was today sentenced to 20 years in prison for his role in Operation Condor, under which an international death squad was set up by six South American military dictatorships during the 1970s and 80s. Austerity policies do more harm than good, IMF study concludes U.S. panel launches trade secret theft probe into China steel The steelmaker alleged hackers stole research on techniques for a new generation of hightech steel now favored by automakers, accelerating competitor Baosteel's ability to replicate the product which took a decade to develop. The World Health Organization (WHO) has rejected a call to move or postpone this summer's Rio Olympic Games over the Zika outbreak. U.S. Blocks Sale of Cluster Bombs to Saudi Arabia Pakistan has banned advertisements for contraceptive products on Tv and radio over concern that they expose inquisitive children to the subject of sex, local media reported on Saturday 300 South African firefighters deployed to fight wildfires in Alberta, Canada. China says extremely dissatisfied with G7 statement on South China Sea Netherlands gives green light for growing human embryos