 Pope Francis condemned priests and laity who turn their parishes into a 'business' by charging for things such as baptisms, blessings and Mass intentions  calling it a scandal that's hard to forgive. Iraqi warplanes kill ISIS commander of Heet and 22 of his aides Vietnam seizes over 1,000 dead endangered sea turtles  Record haul were bound for illegal export to China. India to raise smoking age to 25 Israeli president opposes proposed law to give national rights to Jews only Rare Shakespeare volume discovered in French library | A rare copy of Shakespeare plays spent hundreds of years hiding in a public library in a small town in northern France before it was noticed. The 1623 volume is seen as one of the most valuable books in the world. Putin says Russia is not a threat to anyone We pose no threat to anyone and do not intend to get involved in any geopolitical games or intrigues, let alone conflicts, no matter who tries to draw us into them or how they do so, Putin told a meeting with military chiefs Four polio vaccinators shot dead in Pakistan Sony set to end sponsorship contract with Fifa, becoming second major sponsor to cut ties  Telegraph Qatar arrests workers for protesting over low pay Scientist 'terrified' of own tech  A leading scientist investigating geoengineering solutions to climate change has admitted he is terrified of his own technology. Denmark to vote on male circumcision ban Kremlin WhistleBlower 'Putin Has No Option But To Stay In Power' Grenoble bans street ads, to replace billboards with trees Save the Children staff furious over global legacy award for Tony Blair  Internal letter signed by almost 200 staff members says award is morally reprehensible and endangers STCs credibility globally Goldman, BASF, HSBC accused of metals price fixing U.S. lawsuit The US and Turkey are headed for a showdown over Syria, as evidence mounts that Ankara is enabling groups that Washington is actively bombing. Suicide attacks by two female bombers at a crowded market in northern Nigeria's Maiduguri city have killed 78 people, medical officials say. Shakespeare First Folio, one of only 230 believed to still exist, found in French library. Tunisian secularist wins first presidential round, heads for runoff French President's office formally announces indefinite suspension of delivery for Russia's Mistral helicopter assault ships, citing Ukraine situation Archaeologists in Denmark have uncovered an incredibly rare find a stone age axe held within its wooden handle  Article Tanzanias Masai breathe sigh of relief after president vows never to evict them France suspends warships deal with Russia over Ukraine crisis Jian Ghomeshi faces five charges in sexual assault investigation Germany bids farewell to brave Turkish young woman  Thousands in Germany are saying danke to a Turkish young woman who was brutally attacked for trying to rescue two German women from being harassed, before her life support is turned off on her birthday. U.K. police force accidentally admits it spied on journalists who had not committed any crimes, using antiterror RIPA laws. Asks paper to delete article covering this once it realized what it had done. Newspaper refuses. China bans wordplay. Officials say casual alteration of idioms risks nothing less than cultural and linguistic chaos, despite their common usage. New Snowden Documents reveal rather comprehensive tapping of Irish undersea cables by GCHQ A Month After Mass Rapes Were Reported in Darfur, the UN Remains Silent Thirteen Arrested as 500 Police Storm Mosques and Homes in Austria CounterTerror Raids | VICE News Indian man who allegedly killed 55 people fighting for ISIS quit to return home because ISIS didn't pay him Kenyan lawyers demand the prosecution of men who publicly strip women Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak acquitted on all charges Saudi Arabia's oil minister told fellow OPEC members they must combat the U.S. shale oil boom, arguing against cutting crude output in order to depress prices and undermine the profitability of North American producers. Tanzania's Prime Minister Implicated in Massive $120m Corruption Scandal; Allegations that the Government has Resorted to Cutting Country's Power so Citizens Cannot Watch Parliamentary Proceedings Russia's Sechin Says Oil Could Fall to Below $60 Per Barrel Next Year Muslims discovered Earth is round, Turkey's Science Minister says Russian Navy successfully testfires new submarinebased intercontinental ballistic missile France to back Palestinian state if peace talks fail Beijing Store Bans Chinese Customers  Clothes shop embroiled in racism row after posting a sign that reads 'Chinese not admitted, except for staff'. An employee says Chinese customers are too annoying & Chinese women often try lots of clothes but end up buying nothing. Taliban fighters breach Camp Bastion, a former U.S. and British base handed over to the Afghan army last month, and exchange fire with troops Turkish President Erdogan The West Wants Muslims Dead Switzerland to vote on capping immigration to 1/5th of current levels for the environment; bilateral relations between the EU and Switzerland on the brink 35 killed in explosions in Nigerian mosque Filipina maid rescued after video plea showing abusive conditions in Saudi Arabia China 15 killed in terrorist attack in Xinjiang The Worlds Largest Animal Slaughter Festival Has Begun in Nepal  The previous festival saw about 300,000 animals slaughtered, while Indian news channel CNNIBN reports that this yr that number is up to 500,000. Kinder Morgan stops drilling, begins moving equipment from Burnaby Mountain. You can't build these mega fossilfuel projects anymore without this kind of public opposition. Israel foils terror plot in West Bank, busts 30 Hamas terrorists State of emergency in Ukraine as Russia cuts off coal Finnish Parliament approves samesex marriage For the first time since 1969 Germany has balanced its budget Bavaria plans free wifi for 'whole state' German unemployment rate falls to a record low Mexicos President Announces Federal Takeover of Local Police Forces Mexico eleven bodies found dumped in state where 43 students went missing Indonesia cracks down on deforestation in symbolic uturn. Indonesias reforming new president is to crack down on the rampant deforestation and peatland destruction that has made the nation the worlds third largest emitter of climatewarming carbon dioxide. Renewable Energy Overtakes Nuclear as Scotland's Top Power Source  Clean energy produced more power in Scotland than nuclear, coal or gas for 1st time, in 1st 1/2 of 2014 industry figures show 7 Mental Health Patients Died Waiting for Beds; 1 Killed His Mother  Investigation comes as mental health beds are being cut in England. Figures show over 2100 gone since 2011. NHS accused by many of failing to understand or prioritize mental health. The first known FBI informant inside Wikileaks has plead guilty to embezzlement and fraud amounting to thirty million kronas. Social Media sites like Twitter & Facebook are being told to simplify their terms and conditions because currently it's like reading hieroglyphics or shakespeare Fracking risk compared to thalidomide and asbestos in Walport report. History presents plenty of examples of innovation trajectories that later proved to be problematic  for instance involving asbestos, benzene, thalidomide, dioxins, lead in petrol, tobacco, many pesticides... World Health Organization men recovering from Ebola should abstain from sex for three months to minimize the risk of passing the virus on in their semen Oil continues to collapse a day after OPEC stands firm on production Yemen's main oil pipeline blown up; $4.5 billion has already been lost in infrastructure attacks over the past two years French president announces 1.5blneuro fund to finance transition to green energy TransCanada, the energy company behind controversial Keystone Pipeline, drops PR firm after a proposal to attack companys opponents leaked  Edelman planned for TransCanada to pressure its opponents by distracting them from their mission & causing them to redirect their resources UN Torture Watchdog Urges US to Crack Down on Police Brutality  It's the panel's 1st review of the US record on preventing torture since 2006 Support for Isis stronger in Arabic social media in Europe than in Syria Venezuela's representative storm out of meeting as Opec refuses to cut oil production. Prices slump to fiveyear low Hong Kong protest leader alleges police sexually assaulted him Saudis block OPEC output cut, sending oil price plunging India has suspended the US entertainment channel Comedy Central for six days for showing showing women as a commodity of sex in two shows Israel slams Turkey This is no way for a NATO state to act The artist Ai Wei Wei has been ordered to pay a fine of 1.6 million euros. To show their solidarity, people in China and elsewhere have made donations that have added up to a sixfigure sum in just three days.  Sarkozy calls Netanyahu a liar, Obama also expresses displeasure with the Israeli PM UK Police will have the right to fire rubber bullets on student protesters as they prepare for huge London demonstration Scotland Yard revealed that the baton rounds have been authorised; the nonlethal 'rubber bullets' would be used only in an emergency such as to rescue officers from attack  A group of Russian scientists came out of an isolation chamber after over 500 days, proving that sending humans to mars may soon be feasible  WikiLeaks founder 'abandoned' by Australian govt  KEVIN Rudd and his foreign affairs department have been accused of all but ignoring pleas from Julian Assange's legal team to protect the WikiLeaks founder from a possible death penalty in the US. The Hajj and Eid alAdha 2011 [pics] The Sicilian Mafia Seven year old jailed, tortured and thrown into acid Silvio Berlusconi 'vows to resign' BBC News  Sarkozy called Israeli PM Netanyahu a liar BBC News  Italian crisis Silvio Berlusconi loses majority Cancer spreads to last Tasmanian Devil refuge Berlusconi agrees to resign! Ministers are considering making CCTV compulsory in slaughterhouses in England, Scotland and Wales to help enforce laws against animal cruelty Sarkozy calls Netanyahu a 'Liar' while talking to Obama. Obama replies that he has to deal with him everyday!   Olympus admits hiding losses for decades UN nuclear agency Iran 'studying nuclear weapons' Falun Gong practitioners who have held a long, silent protest in front of the Chinese Consulate here claim the city of Vancouver colluded with the Chinese Communist Party to write a bylaw aimed at ending the vigil; calls bylaw unconstitutional bylaw  Mexican jail raid finds  two peacocks, 100 fighting cocks, two bags of pot, 19 prostitutes, dozens of recentmodel plasma televisions, several bottles of alcohol, and lots and lots of knives. Botswana Country Pushes to Legalise Prostitution Libya's Berbers feel rejected by transitional government  Libya's Berbers, or Amazigh, played a crucial role in the battle against the Gadhafi regime. Now they say they feel let down by the transitional government which has as yet to recognize them and their language. Syrian troops storm Homs district in new offensive, 100 killed over weekend. Despite committing to Arab League ceasefire plan, Assad regime scrambles to clear out Baba Amr, a major center of resistance Australian Senate passes landmark Carbon Tax legislation.  Prostitutes and peacocks found in Mexican jail ... during surprise inspection Met accused of trying to scare off protesters with warning letter. Force writes to anyone previously arrested for public order offences before demonstration in central London on Wednesday
 UN says Syria death toll has passed 3,500 Mass surveillance exposed by Snowden not justified by fight against terrorism  Report by Nils Muinieks, commissioner for human rights at the Council of Europe, says secret, massive and indiscriminate intelligence work is contrary to rule of law The body temperature of Polish toddler rescued from severe hypothermia this week had dropped to 12.7 C (55 F). It is the lowest survived body temperature ever recorded in a human with hypothermia. Mexico says evidence proves missing students were incinerated Sixteen British police officers have been charged with criminal and disciplinary offences after they ignored cries for help from a disabled Iranian national before he was murdered by his neighbor last year The bestknown liberal TV channel in Russia has been asked to quit its rented studios in Moscow for the second time in as many months. Rain TV (Russian TV Dozhd) is a digital channel whose output contrasts sharply with staterun media, providing a platform for alternative views. UBER banned in India's capital city New Delhi after a UBER driver was implicated in rape of a young girl yesterday New Horizons robotic probe awakened, begins exploration of Pluto Uber, the U.S. online ridehailing service, has been banned from offering service in the Netherlands. Uber could be fined up to 100,000 euros ($122,000), while drivers could face fines of 10,000 euros, the court found. Russia demands 'explanations' from Israel regarding alleged airstrike in Syria NSA's surveillance a 'trade barrier' for EU companies EU official Merkel allies want immigrants to speak German at home Australian researchers achieve record level of efficiency in solar panels (40.4%) Finland, Scandinavia falling short in fight against radicalisation, expert says | Yle Uutiset Thirteen killed in failed U.S. hostage rescue bid in Yemen ISIS has released a video featuring an Ottawa man calling on his fellow Muslim countrymen to carry out lonewolf attacks on Canadian targets. Mother Sues France Over Underage Son's Syria Trip EU parliament calls on Pakistan to abolish the death penalty for blasphemy Turkish President Erdogan says that the new presidential palace has 1,150 rooms, not 1,000 In Canada, More Jobs in Green Energy than Tar Sands 'The global clean energy revolution isnt a future scenarioit is underway right now,' declares Clean Energy Canada Poland has long seen itself as stuck between the East and West, resulting in plenty of historical suffering. Russian aggression in Ukraine has many in the country fearing the worst. Rome Mayor Defies Mobster Threats and Refuses to Quit German Chancellor Angela Merkel accuses Russia of interfering in the affairs of Eastern European countries seeking closer ties with the EU 6 Arrested For Looting Antiquities From Israel's 'Cave Of The Skulls' Ukraine to Allow Russian Electricity Imports After Coal Supply Falters BC poultry farms have been placed under quarantine and more than 140,000 turkeys and chickens will be euthanized. At least seven countries have banned poultry products from either B.C. or all of Canada. Hackers tell Sony to halt the release of The Interview Elephant Slaughter, Ivory Sales Out of Control Wild Elephants Could Disappear Within a Generation Germany Thousands join antiIslam protest against European spread of ISIS and alQaeda NSA warrantless bulk phone metadata spying continues unabated | Metadata snooping reauthorized a fourth time despite Obama's reform pledge. Hong Kong protesters given Thursday deadline to clear sites, building up to a final showdown between prodemocracy activists and authorities backed by Beijing Revealed how the wealth gap holds back economic growth (the concept of trickledown economics dismissed) Oil drops $2 to fiveyear low on oversupply CIA torture report US raises security ahead of release Hackers Dump Thousands of Rostov Police Documents on Internet; Evidence of Soldiers Wounded in Ukraine Indonesia plans to remove moral and religious education from curriculum Israel Indicts American Over Plot to Bomb Muslims Another AntiPolio Worker Is Killed in Pakistan Maldives in crisis as water supply dries up Tiny island nation enters fifth day without drinking water as government scrambles to repair desalination plant IS militants use Australian recruits as 'cannon fodder' At least 20 Australians have been killed fighting alongside militants in Iraq and Syria, the Australian government has said. Russia is not the only country feeling the pain of a low price of oil. Canada is getting nervous. Ebola is still spreading quickly in western Sierra Leone and deep in the forested interior of Guinea and more foreign health workers are needed to help tackle the epidemic, a senior U.N. official said on Tuesday. World Bank Predicts Russian Economy Will Shrink 0.7 Percent Next Year Estonia Imports Gas From Lithuania Estonia imported its first natural gas from Lithuania, via Latvia, last week in a move that reduces its energy dependence on Russia Islamic State Claims Radioactive Device Now in Europe Ecuador indigenous leader found dead days before planned Lima protest Solar & wind energy backed by huge majority of Australians, poll shows  Renewables among top 3 energy choices and a separate review debunks fears of health damage from wind turbines Moldova 7 arrested suspected of uranium smuggling Israel Oil Spill 4 Times Worse Than Initially Thought  Country's worstever environmental disaster. Anger at plans to boost religious teaching in Turkey Goal to end fossil fuels by 2050 surfaces in Lima UN climate documents. Campaigners in Lima are eyeing an inevitable end to the fossil fuel industry by midcentury Canada announces that foreign workers can now be paid 15% less than Canadians. Major UK Supermarket Chain Boycotts Israeli Settlement Goods Egypt Islamists upend race by backing liberal  'There is no compulsion in religion,' which he interprets to mean that the state should not compel people to follow religious rules. Bahrain ministry is using social media to urge people to vote against a movie which is nomiated for BAFTA TV awards, the film shows a darker side of Bahrain which the ministry is trying to hide. Be a part of this StreisandEffect and vote for the Bahrain film. Cruise ship crew earning 75p ($1.22) per hour to have tips withheld unless targets are hit Major UK food retailer boycotts 4 Israeli companies North Korea stages mass dance and military parade in tribute to Kim ilSung. Visually impressive.  China rounds up family and friends of blind activist Chen Guangcheng after his escape from house arrest KFC Ordered to Pay $8.3 Million to Australian Girl Paralyzed After Eating a Twister Wrap  Monika Samaan was 7 when she suffered salmonella encephalopathy  a brain injury linked to food poisoning that also left her with a blood infection and septic shock  Libya exMinister Shukri Ghanem found dead in Danube River UK puts missiles on London rooftop to guard Olympics
| Reuters Israeli navy arrests crew of Gaza fishing boat for fishing outside the Israeli set limits of Gaza's fishing zone (3 na. miles). Oslo peace accords granted 20. Are Mexicans giving up on U.S? Politicians braced for backlash as Europe turns against austerity  Mohamed ElBaradei launches new Egyptian political party  Nobel peace prize winner Mohamed ElBaradei said its aim was to unite Egyptians behind democracy.
 Police unleashed tear gas and chemicallaced water Saturday at thousands of demonstrators who staged one of Malaysias largest street rallies in years, demanding fair rules for national elections expected soon. Nigerian University Hit With Explosions BBC News  South Sudan 'agrees $8bn deal with China' What's Behind Europes Spike in Suicides? Vitali Klitschko on Tymoshenko Case 'Ukraine Is Becoming Increasingly Authoritarian'   The boxer and prodemocracy activist talks about the worsening situation in his country and the case of the jailed opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko.  Escaped blind Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng is safe in US Embassy in Beijing, friend says; he said Chen scaled a high wall at night to escape his house arrest, and hurt his leg after jumping off US 'expands Yemen drone strikes policy' UPDATE 1Lebanon impounds ship carrying Libyan weapons
| Reuters South Africa Gold miners sue over lung disease  Apartheid conditions gave black miners incurable silicosis, say experts.
 Gaddafi put up 50M euro for Sarkozys presidential bid  report Dutch government decrees that all cannabis cafes are offlimits to tourists Irish Catholic priests say they will not report confessions of child sexual abuse when revealed to them by parishioners in the confessional; under a proposed law, every person in Ireland is obliged to report suspected sexual abuse of children and vulnerable adults to police Japan Emperor and the Empress want cutprice funerals  The Emperor and the Empress of Japan have stated they wish to be cremated in cutprice funerals after their deaths, breaking with 350 years of tradition.  After 115 Years, It's Time for Zionism to Retire  Gideon Levy, Leading Israeli Columnist Spain's unemployment rate now at 24.4% Loneliness becoming 'norm' in Japan Royal Society Calls for Redistribution of Wealth & More Birth Control to Save Planet  During its 352year life span, the human population has risen from less than a billion to 7 billion & counting. 23 scientists spent 21 months studying the problem, resulting in  3 recommendations Quebec Student Protests Canada can point to high tuition fees and ask why Quebecers aren't paying more. Or we could ask why we're paying so much. ... but it's a matter of priorities. Perhaps the rest of the country should ask itself why cheap tertiary education isn't one... Romania's Government Collapses We are rid of Murdoch and that is worth celebrating.
But the villain of the piece did not do it all by himself. Leading figures from many walks of life have enabled his dark side
 Israel leadership 'misleading public' on Iran  exsecurity chief says  Britain's Richest Set New Record  
The UKs richest people are getting even wealthier despite the recession Israel's former Shin Bet chief I have no confidence in Netanyahu, Barak
Yuval Diskin accuses Israel's leaders of misleading the public on Iran, says they are making decisions 'based on messianic feelings.' Northern Ireland police find 600 pound unexploded bomb in abandoned van; it was found in Newry, Northern Ireland, near the border with the Republic of Ireland Lebanon stops ship with Syriabound weapons  Ship originally from Libya and loaded with arms reportedly destined for Syrian opposition is stopped by Lebanese navy. London 2012 Missiles may be placed at residential flats Spain to persist in suicidal austerity policies despite 25% unemployment rate Study of the Day Even the Religious Lose Faith When They Think Critically Egyptian protests over detained lawyer shut Saudi embassy Prince of Liechtenstein Threatens to Quit  The tiny principality has been rattled by a war of words between activists who want to revoke the royal veto & the hereditary prince, who has threatened to quit if they do.  Police Fire Tear Gas as Thousands Defy Malaysian Protest Ban New photo shows work at North Korea nuclear test site Former head of Israeli internal security agency says attacking Iran would encourage Iran to speed its nuclear bomb plans Pakistan's spy agency seeks some credit for bin Laden's death The lead and the information actually came from us Uzbekistan End Forced, Child Labor in Cotton Fields A long list of sex acts just got banned in UK porn Edward Snowden wins Swedish human rights award for NSA revelations | Whistleblower receives several standing ovations in Swedish parliament as he wins Right Livelihood award Sony Drops FIFA Sponsorship Amid Corruption Scandal. A british oil company is cutting its new CEOs pay by more than half, in a rare win for shareholders who had opposed the companys initial proposal for compensating chief executive Helge Lund. Russia will hit recession in 2015 because of oil and Ukraine, Kremlin admits Charles Darwin's notebooks in which he first jotted down his theory of evolution have been put online in one of the most significant worldwide releases of the naturalist's material  Over 12,000 images have been digitised by the University of Cambridge. Indian tycoon throws mass wedding for fatherless women. North Korea says U.S. created the Ebola outbreak 2013 homicide rate in Canada lowest since 1966 In Senegal, desperate mothers kill their own babies due to strict abortion laws and heavy societal pressure. They leave the infants out in the middle of the forest to starve to death or get eaten by wild animals. Others strangle them or throw them in the septic tank, said one legal counselor. Experts say they have achieved a scientific milestone  creating enzymes out of artificial genetic material that they made in their lab The EU's top court has ruled that refugees who claim asylum on the grounds that they are homosexual should not have to undergo tests to prove it. Lebanese army has detained wife of Islamic State leader Baghdadi and one of his sons at border crossing with Syria Lebanese officials At climate talks, UN calls fossil fuels 'high risk' investment. Oil price volatility is exactly one of the main reasons why we must move to renewable energy which has a completely predictable cost of zero for fuel once wind turbines or solar panels were built, she told a news conference. Stephen Hawking warns artificial intelligence could end mankind Study finds that HIV may be evolving into a milder form Iran Bombing Islamic State In Iraq, U.S. Official Confirms Waterborne disease plagues ISIS occupied Mosul Costa Rica celebrates 66th anniversary of the abolition of its army  The Tico Times 1.7m Syrian refugees face food crisis as UN funds dry up Putin cancels new natural gas pipeline to Europe in a surprise move Russian jet nearly hits Nato jet over Norway Iranian Phantom jet strikes the Islamic State in Iraq Japan to Launch Asteroid Lander Tonight Watch It Live North Korean Government Thought To Be Behind Sony Pictures Hack British man found with nailbomb, weapons cache, and plans to mass murder immigrants, not charged with terrorism Israel must give up Nuclear Weapons United Nations Resolution Ukraine PM discloses accident at nuclear plant Reuters Russian state TV's latest attempt to persuade viewers of the moral depravity of the West has left it with egg on its face. What it presented as a child in the USA being exposed to lewd homoerotica was quickly shown to be a fake pornographic parody taken off the internet. DNA Confirms King Richard III's Remains Under Parking Lot An Indian state has halted mass sterilisations at health clinics after a doctor was found using a bicycle pump to inflate women's abdomens. North Korea Bans Name Jongun for All but Leader South Korean government officials said on Wednesday that North Korea had banned parents from giving their newborns the same name as the top leader. People who already have the name have been ordered to register with new ones President Bashar al Assad of Syria says USled strikes on Syria ineffective You can't end terrorism with aerial strikes. ''Troops on the ground that know the land and can react are essential.'' French parliament votes to recognize Palestine as a state Rise of Turkish Islamic schooling upsets secular parents | Turkey has seen a sharp rise in religious schooling under reforms that President Tayyip Erdogan casts as a defense against moral decay, but which opponents see as an unwanted drive to shape a more Islamic nation. Russian ruble in worst daily drop in 16 years Global livestock industry produces more greenhouse gas emissions than all cars, planes, trains & ships combined, but global survey finds twice as many people think transport is bigger contributor  Fear of a consumer backlash is preventing action on getting people to eat less meat. Soap, sunscreen and steroids found in Antarctic waters and wildlife | Range of pharmaceuticals found in fish, clams and sea urchins in waters around two research stations, says New Zealand researchers Iran jets bomb Islamic State targets in Iraq  Pentagon Sepp Blatter Qatar World Cup workers welfare is not Fifas responsibility, companies are responsible for their workers  Hundreds have died on building projects The UN General Assembly has overwhelmingly approved an Arabbacked resolution criticizing Israel for refusing to join an international treaty against nuclear proliferation and calls on Israel to join nuclear treaty Israel vents their fury with France after parliament votes to recognise Palestine as a state Indian forces kill 6 militants crossing into Kashmir to disrupt vote Melting Rate of West Antarctica Glaciers Triples Study Green Energy Sector Jobs Surpass Total Oil Sands Employment in Canada Jordanian Muslim Brotherhood smuggling weapons into Israel Questions raised over Queens ancestry after DNA test on Richard IIIs cousins  the present Queen may not be descended from John of Gaunt and Edward III, the lineage on which the Tudor claim to the throne originated. Topless Femen activist goes on trial in Cologne | Josephine Witt jumped up halfnaked onto the altar of Cologne cathedral during Christmas mass last year, in protest against the Catholic Church. West Antarctic Melt Rate Has Tripled The total amount of loss averaged 83 gigatons per year (91.5 billion U.S. tons). By comparison, Mt. Everest weighs about 161 gigatons, meaning the Antarctic glaciers lost an amount of water weight equivalent to Mt. Everest every two years. NASA has announced that a test launch of their Orion space capsule will take place on Thursday, in the first step of a mission that will take people to Mars by mid2030. Incredible. A blind Chinese activist escapes 90 guards and posts video exposing his abuse under house arrest India approved 'Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Bill 2011', which would make sexual contact with a girl below the age of 18 a criminal offence, even if it is consensual. Montreal student protest march declared illegal  Montreal police declared a march by protesting students illegal, less than an hour after the demonstration began Thursday night. Australian Govt. raises super tax on highincome earners of over $300,000 a year, a move which is expected to earn the govt. over $1B Hostage situation developing in central London After two decades of examining a microscopic algaeeater that lives in a lake in Norway, scientists on Thursday declared it to be one of the world's oldest living organisms and man's remotest relative. Green clouds over Moscow spark disaster fears Dutch judge clears way for 'weed pass' aimed at preventing foreigners from buying marijuana in coffee shops Trump threatens to sue Scotland over wind farm plan Several Blasts injure 12 in east Ukraine city of Dnipropetrovsk London  Man said to have six canisters strapped to him threatened to blow himself up. Holding hostages in Starbucks. Scientists have called for a radical rethink of our relationship with the planet to head off what they warn could be economic and environmental catastrophe. 9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa Netherlands judge to rule on cafe cannabis ban S&P Lowers Spain's Rating  India successfully launches first indigenously built allweather Radar Imaging Satellite, RISAT1, with applications ranging from agriculture to natural disaster management Four bombs go off in Ukraine, schoolchildren among the injured North Korean ICBMs shown at recent parades were poorly made fakes. Detailed analysis [PDF warning] Spanish economy in huge crisis after credit downgrade, rise in unemployment to 24% Dutch court upholds ban on foreigners buying pot African big game poaching surges on Asian affluence The hit job was done by professionals who swooped over their quarry in a helicopter before opening fire. Chen Guangcheng, the blind, selftaught lawyer known for his outspoken opposition to Chinas forced abortion and sterilization policies, has escaped from house arrest and posted a dramatic YouTube video calling on Premier Wen Jiabao to investigate his case and protect his family. Norway In keeping with the thoughts expressed by their Prime Minister, over 40,000 citizens expressed themselves outside the court in a way that would chill every wouldbe terrorist  by not being afraid. Tottenham Court Road Offices Evacuated Over 'Bomb Threat' In China, blame for the USC victims  Hateful comments toward two Chinese graduate students killed near the campus spotlight the growing divide between haves and havenots in China.
 Kim Dotcom walks Free After three days of hearings in Auckland Iraqi army 'had 50,000 ghost troops' on payroll Alberta pipeline spills 60,000 litres of crude oil into muskeg 'Picasso painting offered as kickback' A painting, believed to be a Picasso, was allegedly gifted to Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) president and FIFA executive member Michel Platini in return for his support for the eventually successful Russian bid for the 2018 global showpiece Beginning of the end AIDS is finally reaching a tipping point. The number of people newly infected with HIV over the last year is on the decline. Thousands of Russians have staged marches in Moscow and other cities in protest at health reforms which include plans to close hospitals and cut jobs Poland elects first openly gay mayor in elections ArabJewish school, symbol of Jerusalem coexistence, torched ISIS may possesss nuclear material stolen from Iraq, report says Putin confirms support for independent Palestinian state; We believe that Palestines acquisition of national sovereignty on the common international legal base will be an important factor in ensuring a comprehensive, just settlement in the Middle East, Indian ISIS recruit returns home. His role was to clean toilets and give soldiers water while they fought. Hard drives, other sensitive equipment discovered missing from Mistral warship originally destined for Russia on day the deal was suspended Russia to give Iran grain in return for oil Germany says 300 jihadists facing trial, antiterrorism laws working Nigeria Parliament Shell Should Pay $3.6 Billion For 2011 Bonga Oil Spill Moody's cuts Japan credit rating Deutsche Bahn sues airlines over pricefixing | German rail operator Deutsche Bahn (DB) is filing a billioneuro lawsuit against more than a dozen airlines over allegations of running a 'global cargo cartel.' Send our jihadis to Devil's Island! French politician demands Paris reopens 'Papillon' jail for terrorists China warns British MPs they will be denied entry to Hong Kong EUROPE  Dutch MP calls for removal of all mosques in Netherlands Netanyahu's government on verge of collapse over controversial Jewish nation state bill Switzerland voters reject immigration cap | Final referendum results show 74 percent voted no on limiting net immigration to fewer than 17,000 people a year. Worlds Most Polluted City Urged to Close Schools on Bad Air Days  The rapidly worsening air quality in the Indian capital of Delhi has officials calling for drastic measures to address the growing public health emergency. Fire causes shutdown at Belgian nuclear reactor Oil hits fiveyear lows in longest losing streak since 2008 crisis The 12 member Union of South American Nations (UNASUR) has taken a step toward creating South American citizenship and freedom of movement. Nigerian Billionaire Tony Elumelu Commits $100 Million To Create 10,000 African Entrepreneurs In 10 Years Orion spaceship makes splashdown Swiss Hostage Kills Guard And Flees Militants Al Qaeda kills American hostage during raid by U.S. forces in Yemen Pakistan military kills alQaeda leader wanted in U.S. Russia's elections head threatened on air to sue anyone who brought up an incident during the disputed 2011 parliamentary elections in which state TV showed voting figures that added up to 146 percent Iran has adopted a bylaw which calls for the release of and free access to public information without inquiring about the intention of applicants. India airlifts 200 tonnes of water to resolve national crisis in Maldives caused by a fire in its capital's lone water treatment plant Chief constable warns against drift towards police state | UK news China rejecting American corn Pakistani Islamic preacher (who supports blasphemy law) has been accused of blasphemy himself and has escaped the country. Two Britons who fought in Syria and were arrested upon returning to Britain after their families cooperated with the police Morale poor among RAF crews in Cyprus doing raids against the Islamic State with broken jets and tired and fedup people Russia is ready to file a lawsuit against France for indefinitely suspending the delivery of two Mistral helicopter carrier warships to Russia, an official has said. Obama says he willing to defy Democrats on his support of TransPacific Partnership Iran confirms it carried out air strikes against Islamic State extremists in Iraq. Nobel medal for DNA discovery brings more than $4.7 million at auction Spying laws are not fit for purpose and need to be overhauled, a group of MPs have said. A report by the Home Affairs Select Committee said the laws have been used to spy on journalists, adding this was not acceptable and could stop whistleblowers from coming forward Toronto police want board chair to quit over Facebook post Ukraines electricity crisis deepens, as a plans to import South African coal collapses. Over 7,000 ISIS fighters banned from entry into Turkey US embassy warns of terrorist attacks in Gaziantep, Turkey. Russias Smartphone YotaPhone 2 DualScreened, SpyFree, PutinApproved iPhone Rival Free trade with U.S.? Europe balks at chlorine chicken, hormone beef. In an unprecedented move, Afghanistan hands over key Taliban commander wanted by Pakistan as ties between the two countries continue on their rapid upswing. Old laptop batteries could power slums An IBM study analysed a sample of discarded batteries and found 70% had enough power to keep an LED light on more than four hours a day for a year Syrian troops have repelled an attack by jihadists from the Islamic State group on a key military airport in the eastern Deir Ezzor province, killing more than 100 Islamic State Jihadists Parthenon marbles Greece furious over British loan to Russia | Greek prime minister says loan of statue from pillaged frieze puts end to British Museum argument that disputed antiquities are immovable Paris mayor announces plans to ban diesel cars from French capital by 2020 Superbugs are killing India's newborns, the New York Times reports  and the entire world's at risk Former Vatican bank heads accused of embezzlement, accounts seized Reports said they had siphoned off between 50 and 60 million euros ($61 and $73 million) while managing the sale by the bank of 29 buildings Ecuador indigenous leader found dead days before planned Lima protest  Shuar leader Jos Isidro Tendetza Antn missing since 28 November  Activists believe death linked to opposition to stateChinese mine project Irish government retroactively legalizes GCHQ surveillance revealed in Snowden docs. British workers suffer biggest realwage fall of major G20 countries Thousands riot in Athens as friend of teenager Alexandros, murdered by police in 2008, goes on hunger strike India to boost clean energy capacity 5fold, but not ready to cut carbon emissions. India doubled its coal tax to 100 rupees per ton and will use the estimated $9.4 million generated for projects that would boost the country's solar power capacity to 100 gigawatts by 2020. Alqaeda and Isis fight between themself near Lebanon border The Israeli Air Force bombed Syrian Army positions in Syria Bolivias Legislature Unanimously Recognizes Armenian Genocide A secret legal regime that governs mass surveillance by the UK intelligence agencies does not breach human rights, tribunal rules a govt document revealed that GCHQ does not need a warrant in order to receive bulk data from the NSA and other foreign agencies Infestation of deadly South American red fire ants in Sydney Mexico missing student identified from charred remains in Guerrero. Two members of Theresa Mays panel inquiring into child sex abuse are facing calls to resign after being accused of sending threatening or insulting emails to victims who had criticised the inquiry. Chechnya's Kremlinbacked strongman the families of rebels who toke part in the raid that left 25 people dead will be punished by being deported and having their houses destroyed Artificial intelligence Hawking's fears stir debate India will not back sanctions against Russia Vote for same sex marriage would be 'grave injustice' Irish church Kenya bus attack survivor 'I played dead' UN reveals Israeli links with Syrian rebels Reports by UN observers in the Golan submitted to 15 members of Security Council detail regular direct contact between IDF officers and armed Syrian opposition figures at the border. NASA officially announces Manned Mars Mission, test launch will begin tomorrow testing orbiter. Vatican finds hundreds of millions of euros 'tucked away' cardinal 16 Major Cruise Lines Released Over a Billion Gallons of Sewage Into the Ocean in 2014  Beyond 3 miles from shore, the cruise lines may dump wastewater directly into the ocean, & many of them rely on old & antiquated watertreatment systems. Isis recruits are begging to be allowed to return home | Foreign recruits have been writing to their parents with feeble excuses I'm fed up to the back teeth. My iPod no longer works out here. I have got to come home, one of the foreign IS recruits was quoted as saying. Angela Merkel speaks against net neutrality President Vladimir Putin warned Russians of hard times and urged selfreliance, speaking to both chambers in the Kremlin, Mr Putin accused Western governments of seeking to raise a new iron curtain around Russia. Iran sentences blogger to death for insulting the Prophet Muhammad ISIS claims constructing dirty bomb after stealing 40kg of uranium Pentagon fears blowback from humane Guantnamo video release Pacific Fishing Nations Agree on New Rules to Save Pacific Bluefin Tuna, a Species that's Nearly Fished Out Due to Sushi Trade  Tuna down to just 4% of their historic levels. Only a tiny breeding stock now approaching the end of its lifecycle is holding population together. An Emirati woman has been arrested over the fatal stabbing of an American teacher and a foiled plot to bomb the home of another U.S. citizen, UAE authorities said Thursday. U.S. Army sending 100 tanks to Eastern Europe to deter 'Russian aggression' Gorbachev US 'Triumphalism' Fueling New Cold War Israel nature reserve oil spill one of country's worst environmental disasters  3 people hospitalized after inhaling fumes from oil gushing out of a breached pipeline near Evrona reserve. Millions of litres of oil gushing out of a breached pipeline flooded a desert nature reserve. As many as 99% of Russian athletes are guilty of doping $100 billion climate finance goal 'a very small sum' UN climate chief. She said $90 trillion would be invested in infrastructure over the next 15 years. Worlds Biggest Cave in Threatened by Cable Car  Vietnamese are protesting plans to build cable car to carry 1,000 visitors an hr to cave. Researchers fear building towers to support car could damage fragile network of caves & put pressure on already weak ceiling, triggering collapse. South Korea Will Build A Giant Christmas Tree On The DMZ To Annoy North Korea U.K. Introduces the Google Tax The government took aim at tech companies and other international firms, proposing a 25% tax on profits on economic activity that is shifted overseas Cement Intended for Gaza Reconstruction Ends Up on Black Market A Japanese artist who made a kayak modelled on her own vagina has been arrested again in a case that has sparked accusations of censorship. Putin Vows to Punish Speculators Pushing Down Rubles Value NASA's Orion first test flight for Manned Mars Rocket postponed for 24 hours. Iran has provided evidence to the U.N. atomic agency showing that documents on suspected nuclear bomb research by the country were forged Life under ISIS Rule a 'Living Hell' Mosul (Iraq) Citizens Suffering from Lack of Clean Water, Medicine Orion deep space capsule launches. Dozens of Chinese held in Kenya accused of preparing to raid the country's communications systems Germany tries 20yearold man who fought with ISIS in Syria and sentences him to 3 years 9 months. Blame your boss, not China, for stagnant wage growth ILO France ordered to pay Somali pirates up to $5000 each for detaining them for 48 hours too long before appearing in a court. Chinese researchers report that a common pantry pest harbors bacteria that can digest plastic. China overtakes the US as world's largest economy Tony Blair says politicians are underpaid Snowden docs show NSA spied on global cellphone networks An undercover police officer has been accused of encouraging and helping an animal rights campaigner to commit illegal acts which led to his being jailed for four years, according to legal documents Putin Under No Circumstances Will Moscow Stop Cooperating With Europe, US Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Thursday condemned the United Nations Security Council for being an unrepresentative Christian body, as well as the biased decisions of Norway's Nobel Prize Committee. Charity in France Is Accused of Being a Front for Financing Terrorism in Syria Land Mines Arent Killing As Many People As They Used To Turkish PM implies that gender equality triggers suicides Scientists find ancient case of human cancer in man who died 4,500 years ago Corruption a 'problem for all,' latest global index shows Islamic Militants Attack Grozny, Chechnyas Capital, Leaving 19 Dead The new 42m Alan Turing Institute for Data Science, dedicated to the second world war Enigma codebreaker, is to be based at the British Library at the centre of a new Knowledge Quarter, George Osborne announced on Thursday. Cameroons National Assembly has voted into law a bill tabled by government prescribing death sentence on individuals who stage public demonstrations.  deliberately defines the word terrorism to include citizens who carry out public protest against the regime. U.K. to Repay World War I Loan  The War Loan, a slice of perpetual debt with no fixed maturity date and a 3.5% coupon, was issued in 1932 to refinance war debt first sold in 1917 amid a patriotic campaign to fund the war effort. UK mass surveillance laws do not breach human rights, tribunal rules  Rights groups brought case against GCHQ after Snowden revelations on extent of electronic surveillance in UK and US Latvian politician forced to step down after tweeting Thank God Nazis shot gays Reports Obama Mulling Sanctions on Israel Putin tells Russia Hard times are coming Netherlands bans kosher and halal animal slaughter France to invest one billion euros in nuclear power  Canadians Win Battle to Keep Asbestos Off of Hazardous Materials List (?!) Hackers are being radicalised by government policy
 Afghans build supercheap internet out of rubbish Israeli forces attack clown demonstrators North Korea shuts down universities for 10 months  Scandinavian activists in the Gazabound flotilla say someone sabotaged their ship's propeller while the vessel was docked in a Greek port General Strike brings Greece to a halt Egyptian policeman sentenced to death for killing protesters
 Greek Police Using Teargas On Protesters And Riots Are Breaking Out At Syntagma Square China told to reduce food production or face 'dire' water levels Food must be imported and water use tightly regulated to protect dwindling supply Stunning photographs floods in China  Libya rebels capture Gaddafi arms bunker near Zintan Libyan rebels have captured a major complex of underground weapons bunkers from Col Muammar Gaddafi's forces in the west of the country.  Water use in China & the Middle East is an environmental Ponzi scheme 'We May Be Naive, But We Are Not Idiots'  He built Pakistan's nuclear bomb and is accused of having sold his knowledge to Libya and Iran. In an email interview, he now explains why he accepted sole blame for the accusations at the time and points a finger at the Pakistani army.  World Bank appoints Lehman's Risk Officer 2002  2007 as Treasurer  The Country Where Slavery Is Still Normal How a perfect storm of ethnic divisions, natural disaster, and political turmoil made Mauritania a 21stcentury slave state UN ratifies Venezuela for sixth consecutive year as a territory free of illicit drug cultivation Germany has agreed to supply bomb components and other military ordnance to NATO forces involved in the Libya conflict. Berlin originally abstained from a UN Security Council vote to back the intervention. Greek protests turn violent South Korea braced for North Korean 'provocation' as tension mounts City of Sydney officially declares 1788 settlement of Australia an invasion |
			News.com.au The Truth about 88  Openly Nazi symbols such as the swastika are banned in Germany, so neoNazis get around the law by using coded combinations of letter and numbers. A new book explains the meaning of such codes, and reveals that farright style is becoming increasingly diverse and hard to spot. 48hour general strike has left Athens at a standstill  A 48hour general strike has begun in Greece, bringing public transport and services to a halt. As protesters gather in Athens, the Greek government continues to debate a fresh round of austerity plans. North Korea slashes food rations to 150 grams of rice per day.  One hundred grams of rice produces about 250350 calories BBC News Stabbing burglars 'will be legal' Iceland Declares Independence from International Banks Russia cuts off power to Belarus Police forces can no longer put anyone out on bail for more than 96 hours without either being in a position to charge or release them.

After the four days is up, officers can no longer question suspects and can only rearrest them if they have new evidence, the ruling says.   UK Protesters turn Athens into war zone after vote in favor of austerity bill  Almost 40 million Brazilians climbed to middle class in the last eight years  Five Saudi women drivers arrested, says activist. For the past two weeks Saudi women have been driving through the capital, Riyadh, and other cities in a challenge to the ban. France confirms arming Libyan rebels Fresh clashes in Cairo's Tahrir Square 590 injured as police fire tear gas at thousands frustrated by slow pace of change since Egypt's revolution Bin Laden was detached from al Qaida's new generation of commanders and buying and selling gold before he died Part of The Think Tank Google Ideas, Google has invited former extremists  gang members, religious radicals and neoNazis  to meet with activists, survivors, academics and public sector officials in Dublin to discuss ways of deradicalizing violent extremists using modern technology.  Two French journalists who were kidnapped by the Taliban in Afghanistan have been freed after more than 500 days in captivity. Protesters in Cairo call for resignation of military council chief Gen Mohamed Tantawi Arab uprising 'prompts Chinese crackdown' Rights groups say Beijing moving against dissidents after fears of copycat Arab revolt. Sony shareholders, at annual meeting, demand senior management resign, citing the company's destroyed reputation in the aftermath of repeated security breaches Dublin Dr Pepper oldest and original bottler sued by Dr Pepper Snapple group.. Give it a read if you've ever tried the stuff
           More than 500 slaves rescued Moldovan police seize enriched uranium Clinton Stirs Controversy At African Union Summit By Saying African Economies Would Fail Without Womens Toil Battle breaks out in Tahir Square, once again Is free speech on the way out?  India faces new threats to freedom of speech as technology advances and citizens gain more access to information.
  Six Moldovan 'uranium smugglers' arrested A 16yrold website owner from Liberec, faces years in prison for linking to copyrighted material after being caught by Czech AntiPiracy Union Chinas ruling Communist Party will face a challenge in 2012 from a record number of independent candidates running in local elections without the partys direct approval. British Columbia cops stomp on guy's head, kick him in the ribs during arrest. Caught on video and posted to YouTube.  b'She loves you  yeah, yeah, yeah, the Taliban sang, with Kalashnikovs lying on the floor around them. (Also, they sleep beneath bedsheets emblazoned with Hannah Montana.)' b'Russia vs. The United States A visual comparison from mint.com.  (images)' b'They decapitate, torture, and extort. Then they pray, and donate to charity.' b' Shanghai has been running on ultracapacitors for the past three years, and today that technology is coming to the Washington, DC, for a oneday demonstration. China! Now more advanced than America!' b'Coincidence?  Two British nuclear experts fall to their deaths from the same building in 4 months. ' Fifty to 70 percent of the worlds supply of lithium is contained in just one place  Bolivias Uyuni salt flats. What will the global battery boom mean for the future of South America's poorest country? b'President Hugo Chavez called on Venezuelans on Wednesday to stop singing in the shower and to wash in three minutes because the oilexporting nation is having problems supplying water and electricity.' Goldstone If they don't have a good faith internal investigation, this thing is not going to lie down and die ... it's going to continue. Over the years, the U.S. has unloaded massive amounts of aid to Pakistan, including $7.5 billion more earlier this month. But the money doesn't always wind up where it's supposed to. b'BBC is right to allow BNP on Question Time, says Mark Thompson' b'A small rural town in New Zealand has been forced to cancel one of the highlights on its social calendar  a rabbitthrowing contest' b'Sharia Banking Comes to Germany' b'Colombian drug lord once responsible for 60 percent of the cocaine exported from Colombia to the U.S. gets 45 years in U.S. prison' b'Husseini's socalled honor killings ...a horrific case of a 16yearold girl called Kifaya, who was killed because she was raped by her brother and the family blamed her for tarnishing their honour.' b'According to reporters without borders Israel ranks 150th in press freedom. Below Sudan, Congo, Iraq, Egypt etc.' Swine flu doctors 'unnerved' by patients' decline b'8 years on and Afghan smack is as prevalent as ever. So why are they blaming the Taliban?' b'CEO pay in India Vulgar and indecent' Yemen rebels 'fight Saudi forces'  UK's nuclear industry funds special police force that carries out covert intelligence operations against antinuclear protesters b'Olive Grove Wars The olive harvest brings violence between Palestinian farmers and Israeli settlers' b'Swine flu cases in England double in one week' Ghana's Foreign Ministry building has been largely destroyed in a fire police suspect was started deliberately  the third fire at the ministry this year. b'ExIDF chief's widow rejects naming East Jerusalem street after him, I don't think this is a street that belongs to us. I don't think we need to be there and therefore I objected' b'I have never seen this in 30 years, Calder said. I haven't heard Japanese talking back to American diplomats that often, especially not publicly. The Americans usually say, 'We have a deal,' and the Japanese respond, 'Ah soo desu ka,'  we have a deal  and it's over. This is new. ' UK Police officers armed with submachine guns are to be deployed on routine patrol of Britain's streets for the first time. b'Drought pushes 23 million Africans to brink of starvation. ' b'British National Party leader Nick Griffin has used his Question Time appearance to criticise Islam and defend a past head of the Ku Klux Klan. He also told a largely hostile audience that Winston Churchill would be a BNP supporter if he were alive, and at one stage referred to gay men as creepy.' b'Aid agency Oxfam is now saying that food aid is trapping Ethiopia in a cycle of dependence on the West and that donations could be better spent.' The UK's intelligence and law enforcement agencies fear the government's antiillegal filesharing plans will lead to a rise in encryption, scuppering their own efforts to monitor the internet b'Don't Shop at Chinese WalMart  Five WalMart workers beat middle aged woman to death on suspicion of shop lifting even as her family was kneeling at the scene begging them to stop. They only stopped when police arrived.' b'Russian circus bear kills manager. Animal cruelty bear was on ice skates, trained to play hockey  you can not make this up.' b'Nigeria aims to crack down on 419 scams, fails to comprehend the concept of futility' b'Senior EU official Israel out of the loop on Iran talks. You do not understand the extent to which you are not in the picture. You do not know how much you do not know and what is happening in Iran.' b'Israel asks Germany for two warships free of cost' b'We all live in a cocaine submarine $200 million of cocaine found in a makeshift submarine' b'Bomb hits outside suspected Pakistani nuclearweapons site' Still think it was a good idea to try to keep Nick Griffin off the air? He absolutely went down in flames tonight. If he wasn't Nazi scum, you'd feel sorry for him. b'Water to cost more  Population growth and dwindling underground water reserves, along with climate change, mean that Bahrain must find solutions to meet the rising demand for water.' b'Star Fades for Blair in EU Role The odds against former British Prime Minister Tony Blair becoming the first president of the European Union appear to have lengthened.' b'France warns on Iran nuclear deal  France says Iran does not seem to be responding positively to a proposed UN deal on its nuclear plans, as a deadline looms.' b'Where is the revulsion at David Cameron becoming partners with men who cheer those who fought for Hitler and against Churchill? ' A top Indonesian official says Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's plan to pay Indonesia to intercept asylum seekers will top $50 million. b'Explosion hits Gulf facility in Puerto Rico' b'Israeli military strike more likely after Iran misses nuclear deadline' Fake Viagra, and more, in Bangkok  Pharmopiracy sweeps Thailand, and the rest of Southeast Asia. It's a deadly problem. Four minutes of devastation, thirty seconds of brilliance The simplest thing I don't even think about at a hospital is killing people elsewhere  The Devestating Toll of Syringe ReUse [TED Talk VIDEO] b'USbacked uranium plan rejected by Iran' b'Philippine government asks for typhoon relief goods then lets them rot.' Italy's Berlusconi Agrees To Resign After Passing Austerity Bill Israel imposing steep court fees to prevent lawsuits Palestinians who lost family members in the Israeli offensive in Gaza say they cannot seek compensation due to nearimpossible barriers placed by Israel Woman suffering from severe senile dementia has become the first person in the Netherlands to be given euthanasia even though she could no longer express her wish to die Fossil Fuels Got More Aid Than Clean Energy IEA Former Mossad Chief Seeks to Avert Israeli Attack  Is Israel planning an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities? For months now, former Mossad chief Meir Dagan has been publicly warning against such prospects. He's hoping to prevent what he believes could be a catastrophe. Germany and France have begun talks to break up the eurozone amid fears that Italy will be too big to rescue World headed for irreversible climate change in five years, IEA warns Gangsters decapitate Mexican blogger The fourth blogger is killed in Nuevo Laredo Alcohol worse than ecstasy on shock new drug list Nearly half of China's millionaires are considering leaving the country. The Unmaking of Israel How government policies have caused the surge in ultraOrthodox Judaism in Israel.  Woman claims laughing cops strip searched her Toronto's Tea Party mayor on the rocks  With Rob Ford's record, Toronto ought to be feeling some buyer's remorse  IMF chief warns Europe could push world economy into lost decade
 Huge police presence ahead of student demonstration in UK The largest single police presence to be deployed in Britain since this summers riots will be on the streets today as anarchists threaten to turn the student protest into a sea of rage A gag order is issued on all Israeli officials in wake of UN report.  United Kingdom backs American bid to overturn ban on cluster bombs Sweden Teen girl held as sexslave for a year Greeks pull savings from banks as crisis deepens  Greeks withdrew as much as 5 billion euros  nearly 3 percent of total deposits  after outgoing Prime Minister George Papandreou's shock call last week for a referendum on a euro zone bailout, said one banker, who declined to be named. Nepal's other revolution Red turns to pink  Thanks (unexpectedly) to Maoist rebels, Nepal is emerging as Asia's pioneer for sexual minority rights.
 The French governments second round of austerity measures has gone down a storm with the national press, who say it could serve as the last straw for voters fed up with President Nicolas Sarkozy, just six months before the presidential election.  14th century timepiece unearthed in Qld farm shed (Australia) Up to a third of Hong Kong's 50,000 or so factories in China could downsize or shut by the end of the year Fifa ban the poppy from England kit If you thought Italy was bad...  Italy's finances look shaky but some of its neighbours in the eurozone  and the UK  might be even worse off Three undercover officers accused of inciting protesters to attack riot police at the 2007 North American leaders summit in Montebello are being summoned to testify before Quebec's independent police ethics committee. (Help get the word out Reddit, this is huge) The 'benefit' of Somalia's pirates  Massive factory trawlers scared away, so poor local fishermen are able to catch up to $350 worth of fish per day. b'Birth Control Bill Has Enemies in Philippines  Religious figures say a bill that would expand the poors access to birth control is contrary to Catholic teaching.' b'UK Police are gathering the personal details of thousands of activists who attend political meetings and protests, and storing their data on a network of nationwide intelligence databases.' b'The secret to a happy marriage for men is choosing a wife who is smarter and at least five years younger than you, say UK experts. Amen to that.' b'U.S. unlikely to remain dominant superpower in this century unless it starts acting like an adult. ' 11 members of Iran's Revolutionary Guard have been arrested after illegally entering Pakistan. West Bank land belongs to Jews, says Israeli army judge.  It's in the bible, you know... b'The new British census will demand to know who you are sleeping with and their name, sex, age and address. ' b'Glimmer of hope for autistic hacker who broke into Pentagon military networks to look for information on UFOs. Gary McKinnon, who lives in the UK, faces possible lengthy jail term in the US, but new medical evidence could stop him being extradited to America' Who'd want to be a government critic in Russia? Popular human rights activist who led protests against Russian security forces is slaughtered while driving his car Saudi Arabia's king has pardoned a woman journalist sentenced to 60 lashes for her role in a television program in which a Saudi man spoke about his sexual exploits. b'Let Palestinians have nukes  Moamer Gaddafi' b'Marijuana Economics' b'Sometimes the police do get justice' b'Copenhagen to subsidize the destruction of the rainforest (palm plantations count as forest) ' b'Goldstone Gaza Report Col. Richard Kemp Testifies at U.N. Emergency Session' b'Bosnia on brink of new civil war ' Former leftwing guerrilla, Jose Mujica, has taken a commanding lead in several exit polls from Uruguay's presidential election Israel's blockade of goods entering the Gaza strip means that more than 170 schools damaged by the bombings in the first weeks of 2009 may not be repaired before winter, exposing Palestinian students to the cold and dark. The Kremlin's chief political strategist has warned that Russia risks collapsing into chaos if officials tinker with the political system by flirting with liberal reforms. b'Palestinians Behind Bars with No Recourse to Justice' b'Sixteen Americans dead as 3 helicopters crash in Afghan raids' b'Radovan Karadzic boycotts opening of war crimes trial  needs more time to prepare defence' b'German on trial for Muslim murder.  How much coverage will this get compared to the original outrage?' Germany's New Government to U.S. Take Away Your Nukes! b'Two car bomb attacks just killed over 130 people in Iraq. (' b'Exxon executive overseeing $15 billion gas project, stomped by a mob of 50 people in Papua New Guinea in dispute over landowner contracts' b'The Ethiopian government has asked the international community for emergency food aid for 6.2 million people.' America's largest solar plant set to go live in Florida b'Twin car bombings near Baghdad government offices kill 136, injure nearly 600' b'Australia faces famine, expert warns' b'But they use them to investigate reports of noise pollution & people who do not clean up their dogs waste. Local governments use them to catch people who fail to recycle, people who put their trash out too early, people who sell fireworks without licenses, people whose dogs bark too loudly' b'Iran arrests 12 accused of promoting satanism through underground music and production of blasphemous video clips' b'Afghan police open fire after protesters burn effigy of Barack Obama' It's 20 years since the fall of the Berlin Wall and Karl Marx, grandfather of communism, is being rehabilitated. Looking back on the unravelling of the Soviet system and the unlikely staying power of a onceridiculed worldview b'British pilot drowned after saving the lives of nine passengers by ditching his plane into the sea when one of his engines failed' b'A food production expert says Australia may face a massive famine if governments fail to address an impending global food shortage.' Obama's Afghan war policy hinges on debate over which enemy to fight  Taliban or alQaida b'Another US backed dictator in the  Middle East is about to get reelected  today, ballots results are already  known to everyone, %96 said yes for  him' b'Saudi female TV journalist gets 60 lashes' b'Inspectors see Iran uranium facility' b'A World War II codebreaker has told how she was so afraid of giving away secrets by talking in her sleep that she was worried about going to bed.' b'The Nasa people of Northern Cauca in South Western Colombia, have become a symbol of resistance and an example of dignity.' Afghans torch Obama effigy over 'Koran abuse' claims b'Rumor sparks antiAmerican protests  A Koranburning incident in Afghanistan prompts demonstrations in Kabul' b'Gunmen kill Ingushetia opposition leader' Sydney's first Breakfast on the Bridge (with Grass, cows and live bands) has been hailed a success b'Finally, a major paper has bothered to deconstruct the mythical numbers that are bandied about to justify the UK governments idiotic conflation of sex work with sex trafficking.' b'Italy pulls out' b'The Church of Scientology was almost shut down today in France. Instead they were fined $900,000 and jailed 6 of their leaders. Found guilty of fraud.' b'US diplomat resigns over Afghan war Like the Soviets, we continue to secure and bolster a failing state, while encouraging an ideology and system of government unknown and unwanted by its people' A French soldier's opinion of his American counterparts. b'Scandinavian social democracies (and the Swiss) at the top of prosperity index that focuses on economic growth, health and freedom' b'Denying Palestinians the running water they need, Israelis are also contaminating with dead chickens and soiled baby diapers the rainwater cisterns of Palestinians who have no running water.' b'Israel is denying Palestinians adequate access to clean water while allowing almost unlimited supplies to Israeli settlers.' b'Police in Britain have defined political activism as domestic extremism and are treating people who attend demonstrations as criminals, cataloguing them on multiple national databases as well as tracking their vehicle license plates to enable them to be targeted for stop and search harassment.' b'Karadzic heard discussing mass slaughter Muslims in phonetap evidence it will be a black cauldron where 300,000 Muslims will die. They will disappear. That people will disappear from the face of the earth' b'An American father wants his children back  Japan says no' b'Scientology convicted of fraud in France | News.com.au' b'Report Israel denies Palestinians water' War weary Europeans test leaders' resolve  Public support for the Afghan war dwindles in several countries contributing troops Castro's sister 'spied for CIA' b'EU lawyers draw up list of IDF officers suspected of Gaza war crimes. Existing legislation enables arrest warrants to be issued against these officers if they enter certain EU countries. ' Iran 'to accept UN nuclear deal'  b'Ships collide off southern Japan ' b'A Paris court on Tuesday convicted the Church of Scientology of fraud and fined it more than half a million euros  but stopped short of banning the group as requested by prosecutors.' b'EU removes Uzbekistan arms embargo despite continuing concerns about human rights.' b'Ehud Olmert could face war crimes arrest if he  visits UK' AlQaida's umbrella group in Iraq claimed responsibility for the twin suicide bombings in the heart of Baghdad that killed at least 155 people, including 24 children trapped in a bus leaving a day care center. b'UK govt wants paedophile checks even for those not working with children. Already 11.3 million  including parents who take pupils to sports events  face backgrounds checked to allow them to work with children' b'One reason that too many Arabs are poor is rotten education... Discuss...' b'The Democratic Republic of Congo is grappling with rampant rape, which has become an every day practice and is used as a weapon of war' b'If you need any more proof about the dumbing down of the UK university system you need look no further.' b'Fraud Plagues Sugar Subsidy System in Europe' b'Just one more reason that Metallica sucks frontman James Hetfield told German TV that part of him was proud the US military chose the bands music to torture prisoners at Guantanamo Bay... It represents something that they dont likemaybe freedom, aggression I dont know Freedom of speech.' b'Dirty bastard Sarkozy spent 250,000 of EU budget on shower he did not use' b'Even before I became a feminist in 1967, I had already learned that the (imperfect) West is still a far better place for a woman to live than is the most hospitable, beautiful, wealthencrusted Muslim country' b'UK  People who persistently download illegal  content will be cut off from the net.' b'Vigilante justice spreads across Mexico  More Mexicans turn to the lynch mob as crime spirals out of control' b'I am suspect A on the Spotter Card printed by the Guardian, and I am, in the eyes of the police force, a domestic extremist.' b'Brother of Afghan leader, who is supposedly apart of the illegal opium trade in Afghanistan, has been on the CIA payroll for 8 years, says officials. What the fuck?' b'a group of musicians, including REM, Pearl Jam and The Roots filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request to find out whether their music was played at the detention facility at Guantnamo Bay.  ' 80 people killed by a large car bomb in Pakistan while Clinton arrives to discuss US concerns about the increasing numbers of attacks and the security of the country's nuclear weapons b'DC Lobbyist Indicted for Conspiring to Violate Sudanese Sanctions and to Act as Illegal Agent of Sudan' b'EU taxpayers funded a custombuilt 276,000 euros (250,000) shower for French President Nicolas Sarzoky, auditors say  but he never used it.' b'Cops sell confiscated drugs. And this is news?' b'6 UN employees killed in a Taliban attack in Kabul' b'Hezbollah violates UN ceasefire, fires Katyusha rocket into Kiryat Shmona.' b'Houses demolished in east Jerusalem' b'Iraq approaches IAEA for approval to revive peaceful Nuclear programme that was bombed by Israel in 1981' Making this ruthless liar EU president is a crazy plan. But I'll be backing Blair b'Berlusconi says communist prosecutors and judges out to destroy him' b'Ahmed Wali Karzai, the brother of the Afghan president, on Wednesday denied reports that he has received regular payments from the CIA for much of the past eight years.' b'The arrogance of Berlusconi knows no bound  Italian women are taking a stand against this buffoon they call Prime Minister' b'The dirty little secret of modern economics is that the models created by central banks and governments to manage the economy say almost nothing about finance.' b'Hamas vows to prevent Palestinian elections in Gaza' b'TALIBAN gunmen have stormed a UN hostel in central Kabul, killing at least three UN staffers in an assault that the Islamists warned marked a bloody countdown to new Afghan elections.' b'Erdogan Use of Weapons of Mass Destruction by Israel in Gaza is a Fact, We Cannot Remain Silent about Targeting Civilians with White Phosphorus' b'There is something about the Piccard family' World's oceans in 'shocking' decline Vancouver police received 1M pics and 1000 hrs of video of the Stanley Cup riot A minor girl is raped and hanged from a tree inside a police station. Police brutality touches a new low in Uttar Pradesh, India LulzSec and Anon uniting for global hacking attacks War crimes The world has seen the evidence. Now we must act  In Sri Lanka, Libya, Bahrain and elsewhere, human rights abuses are being recorded and the evidence is on the internet The Guardian
 Postcards from Hell, 2011 Brazil's high court OKs 'Marijuana Marches'  The court ruled in favor of 'Marijuana Marches' as an expression of free speech, overturning several state bans.  What makes the IMF think it's right about Greece? Much of the world remains mired in the worst downturn since the Great Depression; a downturn that the IMF totally failed to predict 'We Will Not Get Involved' in Syria  The US has been critical of Germany for not supporting NATO in the mission in Libya. SPIEGEL spoke to German Defense Minister Thomas de Maizire about Berlin's skepticism of getting involved in Libya and Syria, and about the future of the NATO alliance. Israel arrests four girls, two 15 yearolds, a 16 yearold and a 20 yearold for torching Palestinian vehicles as well as other acts of revenge against Palestinians as part of an a unofficial revenge policy by rightwing Israeli extremists. Madrid 'Europact' protesters take to streets Tens of thousands of protesters have taken to the streets of Madrid and other Spanish cities in a mass march against austerity measures, social spending cuts and unemployment.  The 2011 Failed States Index. Internet body throws open domain names  Big corporate firms will soon be able to replace .com with their own suffixes that identify their own brand Very interesting Bilderberg insight from a guy who was a member for 10 years. Germany set to turn back to coal, gas and imports to fill energy gap left by its exit of nuclear power With 1.2 Billion Inhabitants, India Can't Find Anyone To Be Their Hangman Almost half the world's refugees are from Iraq or Afghanistan, according to a new U.N. report Libyan rebels have proof of  rape and torture of women by Gaddafi loyalists 6.5 Earthquake hits Chile Nato admits civilians died in Tripoli bombing raid
 BP, Shell ban hoodies at Gold Coast petrol pumps after armed robbery epidemic  Civilians including two toddlers among nine dead as NATO admits Tripoli raid killed innocent Libyans. The committee called the disappearance of the money a financial crime but said U.N. Security Council resolutions prevent Iraq from making a claim against the United States. European governments failed to agree on releasing a loan payment to spare Greece from default, ramping up pressure on Prime Minister George Papandreou to first deliver budget cuts in the face of domestic opposition. 

 World's biggest airliner loses wingtip after striking building at Paris Air Show  two months after doing the same thing in New York 19yearold suspected of being mastermind behind computer hacking group LulzSec arrested in UK The cores at Fukushima are laying on the concrete and melting THROUGH the foundations of the reactors. The government wants to build an subterranean dam, but TEPCO is fighting against it. The British Are Now Preparing For Greece To Go Bust, And The End Of The Euro.  Dutch parliament set to approve bill that, if passed, will set an example in Europe as the strongest net neutrality law on record Loyalists open fire on police as 500 riot in Belfast  The violence is being described as some of the most serious seen in Northern Ireland for years. As the world becomes more interconnected, it becomes harder to stand up for human rights. But, says Germany's Deputy Foreign Minister, it becomes all the more important. 2011 Failed State Index Bank of Canada unveils new plastic bills. Video footage of a Tamil journalist apparently executed in the final stages of Sri Lanka's bloody civil war underscores the need for an urgent international inquiry, the Committee to Protect Journalists said today.   CPJ Report Mexico catches top leader of La Familia drug cartel  Vancouver After the Riot [pics] Hong Kong declares scarlet fever outbreak  Thousands infected  in the city & elsewhere in China The UK government may have lost the 2011 census to Lulzsec Syrian security forces have shot dead seven people after government supporters and opponents clashed in three cities, activists say. Chilean court blocks plan to build five dams and hydroelectric plants in the countrys Patagonia region Australia's two major airports face 48 hour shut down as Chilean ash cloud drifts across the south of the country Greek government wins confidence vote Time wars  
How a huge new clock in Mecca is reviving a centuryold clash over what time it is A Map without Israel  Swatiskas intertwined in the Star of David, a map of the Middle East with Israel missing, boycotts of Israeli products Germany's farleft Left Party, many feel, has a growing antiSemitism problem. The issue threatens to divide the party. NATO airstrike in Libya kills 19 civilians Running out of money for food? Buy riot gear! North Korea Palestinian President Abbas says that Palestinians will not turn to the UN if they are given an alternative solution from Israel, US and Europe
 Industrial Strength Censorship  What Sarkozys Civilised Internet Looks Like Germany frees last Red Army faction activist NATO confirms drone helicopter lost in Libya US surveillance drone lost near Zliten, as Libya's state television says aircraft was downed Apache attack helicopter. A homemade heroin substitute is having a horrific effect on thousands of Russia's drug addicts Italy Overwhelmingly Says 'No' to Water Privatization Canada keeps asbestos off UN hazardous list. After charging two men with raping a teenage tourist in Dubai, the government charges her with having 'sexual urges' Defying the tradition of honor killings, Syrians protesters vow to marry girls raped by regime thugs Egypt declines World Bank loan as incompatible with national interest Amsterdam's famous cannabis coffee shops coming to an end, tourists are to be banned from buying marijuana by the end of the year Dutch parliament votes yes on netneutrality. Majority of 1,105 people arrested during G20 have been released without charge Toronto police said they had reasons to arrest people, whether or not the charges held up in court Ban Kimoon wins second term as UN Secretary General Ai Weiwei Released On Bail, Chinese State News Agency Says Russian government bars opposition party from participating in elections Chinese artist Ai Weiwei freed State media's claim that release on bail followed confession to tax evasion yet to be confirmed directly by activist. Bahrain sentenced 10 activists to life imprisonment for plotting a coup during protests Israel to Allow Building Cargo to Enter Gaza Syria says EU sanctions amount to declaration of war Magnitude 6.7 quake rattles northern Japan  CNN.com China told the United States on Wednesday to restrain other countries from provoking Beijing in disputes over contested territories in the South China Sea, warning that Washington risks becoming embroiled in an unwanted conflict. Riots in Belfast Flood of US weapons in Afghanistan and Pakistan fueling militant groups, experts say Antigovernment protesters have once again taken to the streets in Bahrain, demanding an end to the rule of Al Khalifa dynasty and departure of Saudis forces.  Bloody sectarian riot erupts in Northern Ireland Germany's Green Party is growing in size and influence. But with power comes responsibility and a party convention this week will go a long way in determining whether the erstwhile protest party is ready. There are signs that it may not be. Bitcoin 'will recover' from crash South Korean military apologises for firing at a  passenger aircraft after mistaking it for North Korean warplane LEAKED UK copyright lobby holds closeddoor meetings with gov't to discuss national Webcensorship regime Taiwan Blogger Imprisoned For Negative Restaurant Review. Fined and jailed for contending the food was too salty Japan has issued a tsunami alert after a 6.7 magnitude earthquake World's wealthiest people now richer than before the credit crunch, says study The Dutch have passed a law prohibiting internet providers from slowing down traffic unless it's to ease congestion, preserve security or block spam. Toronto police will never again use the controversial crowd control technique known as kettling, which was employed during last years G20 summit Somali man, who tried to kill the Danish cartoonist who drew a cartoon about the Prophet Muhammad, sentenced to 10 years.  Dutch Lawmakers Adopt Net Neutrality Law Ryan Cleary, arrested LulzSec member, threatens to kill self if comp taken away Cannibalism Comes To North Korea Nuclear experts killed in Russia plane crash helped design Iran facility Rightwing Geert Wilders cleared of hate [antiIslamic] charges by Netherlands court Nazi hunting  How France first civilized the Internet The online world is looking nervously at Europe, whose leaders are about to join force to bring civility to the Internet. France leads the cheering squad While we are all consumed by the politics of the day, our oceans are dying faster than scientists have previously thought. How European Elites Lost a Generation  The European Union is in bad shape. Not only is the common currency in a shambles and the economies of many member states moribund, but young Europeans no longer see how the EU helps them. Millions of them are taking to the streets to demand a future.  Grid of straw squares turns Chinese sand to soil  China has struggled to keep the deserts that cover more than a quarter of the country from gaining ground, but soil stabilization and sustainable livestockfarming are beginning to slow rates of desertification. North Korea's Meth Export  On rapid rise of crystal meth addiction in China and its likely source, North Korea. Horrendous that poverty in Kim JongIl's kingdom forces people to take it for things like cancer. This drug is their sole form of medication The daughter of Muammar Gaddafi has launched a lawsuit for murder following the death in April of four members of her family, including her 4month old daughter, during a Nato air strike. Legal papers were submitted to the prosecutor's office in Brussels on Tuesday by a French lawyer. A German Internet platform has been awarded a prize for its role in uncovering plagiarism that forced the popular former defense minister KarlTheodor zu Guttenberg to step down. More than 1,000 users collaborated on GuttenPlag Wiki.  Danish Police want to ID you to use the Internet Sri Lankas bloody secret  If what Sri Lankas Killing Fields shows doesnt constitute crimes against humanity, nothing does  Views  livemint.com Flash flood hits Beijing Staples breached Canadian privacy law by not wiping customer data off laptops and storage devices before reselling them  About 100 women have been sexually assaulted and many more injured in the latest mass rape by suspected rebels in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, international aid workers and local media reported Thursday. New concerns emerge over North Korea's nuclear program  Satellite images show fresh construction at the Yongbyon nuke site.
 Amsterdam fights for your right to smoke pot The proposed ban on allowing foreigners to purchase cannabis will increase crime, Amsterdam officials say. A former Rwandan women's minister has been sentenced to life in prison for her role in the genocide and the rape of Tutsi women and girls. Hospital director in Japan paid gang member 10 million yen to find him a kidney donor Jews and Israelis, or passengers carrying any nonIslamic article of faith, will not be able to fly codeshare flights from the U.S. to Saudi Arabia under Delta Air Line's new partnership with Saudi Arabian Airlines that is set to begin in 2012...Religious items such as Bibles that are not related Seized bin Laden cellphone provides link to Pakistani spy agency Cellphone Offers Clues of Bin Ladens Pakistan Ties Osama bin Laden, the former Al Qaeda leader, used the militant group HarakatulMujahedeen, which has links to Pakistani intelligence, as part of his support network. Muslim Tory minister says Pakistan's treatment of women fails Islam. Lady Warsi says women are being denied rights granted 1,400 years ago in Qur'an South Africa now on a trajectory to Zimbabwehood. Top ANC cadres making exit plans as the Rainbow Nations dream spirals down the drain. A top army officer in Zimbabwe has accused Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai of being a security threat. HIV/AIDS Anal sex HIV risk misunderstood among heterosexuals More mass rape in Congo, say aid groups and local media Report faults Romanian legal system for Roma housing discrimination Amnesty International finds that the Roma minority in Romania lacks legal protection from forced evictions, and that Roma families are often left in substandard housing conditions Croatia gets green light to join EU. Greece granted 120bn EU bailout David Cameron wins battle to keep Britain out of second EU bailout for Greece  GM marijuana problem growing in Colombia  Farmers say the enhanced plants are more powerful & profitable Mexico Replaces Police With Soldiers In Border Area  NPR Mexican Congress Says No To ACTA An ally of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has been arrested, according to Iran's state media. Syria protesters 'shot outside mosque' Reports of 15 deaths in protests across country, including six said to have been shot as they left a mosque in Damascus. How does one say doubleplusgood in Chinese? Leaked IRC logs identify LulzSec members and show a disorganised group obsessed with its media coverage and suspicious of other hackers Syrian forces fire on protesters, at least 12 dead Special report on Japan's throwaway nuclear workers I can only think that to the power companies, contract workers are just disposable pieces of equipment  No evidence of Libya Viagra rape claims. But war crimes? Plenty. Can Matt Damon Bring Clean Water To Africa?  
 Surprising for such a high profile celebrity. No wasting cash or backing out when problems start, just clever innovation, hard work and measurable results. Could it be a big idea done right? EU refuses to back down on placing pollution tax on airlines, despite China putting Airbus order on ice  & growing U.S. discontent  Wealth of worlds richest rose nearly 10 percent in 2010 What makes Russians happy Video shows part of man's hellish 11hour Toronto G20 arrest ordeal Most Greeks say they have little confidence in a political class that they see as corrupt and unaccountable. British hacker Ryan Cleary refused bail, diagnosed with autism Everything You Think You Know About the Collapse of the Soviet Union Is Wrong What the Arab revolts leave unanswered  There is nothing sacred or permanent about the borders of any country, especially Arab countries that were mostly created by the handiwork of European colonial officers.   Saab faces bankruptcy, can't pay employees. 'I Fear the Net Will Soon Become a War Zone' Kaspersky is one of Russia's top Internet virus hunters and IT entrepreneurs. He discusses a raft of recent hacker attacks on multinationals, the total professionals behind the Stuxnet virus and his fear of both personal and widespread cyber violence Colombian women on sex strike until road is paved The head of Hezbollah has said two of the Lebanese Islamist group's members have confessed to working for the CIA. Mexican artist's painting reported for breaking Irish blasphemy laws On Facebook page of Netanyahu's son, a parade of antiIslamic remarks Goldman Vet Named Euro Central Bank Chief China to remain longterm investor in Europe's debt
| Reuters

 
	Hezbollah 'captures CIA spies'  Middle East  Al Jazeera English
 Security Forces Makes Mass Arrests Across Syria Syrian protesters killed in massive demonstrations, as EU expands sanctions Uncontacted Amazon Tribe of 200 Indians Discovered [Images/Video]  Human Trafficking in the middle east Manolas story While Germany, Italy, & Switzerland reject nuclear power, developing countries & Middle Eastern oil economies are forging ahead, with Egypt most likely to rise above others in nuclear power  Pakistans thriving customization industry has turned highways into a panorama of color  creating magical buses and trucks BBC News  Egypt drops plans for IMF loan amid popular distrust Haiti Leaked cables expose new details on how Fruit of the Loom, Hanes and Levis worked with US to block increase in minimum wage and how the country's elite used police force as own private army All MPs under 30 in India's Parliament are children of MPs.  One million Iraqi civilians lost their lives. Somebody should be accountable. How will people have trust in international law if it applies only to the poor and weakthe Milosevics and Kim Jong Ils or whoeverand not to the strong and powerful? ~ Nobel Peace Prize Winner ElBaradei Suicide bomber kills 25 in attack on Afghan maternity ward. This is what rock bottom looks like. Israel warns foreign journalists Joining Gaza flotilla is illegal Bolivia prepares to withdraw from UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs to protest its classification of coca leaves as an illegal drug Global mining company Rio Tinto caused war in Papua New Guinea, supplying helicopters and troops Sir Michael Somare, Prime Minister of PNG Germanys season of angst why a prosperous nation is turning on itself At least one Australian ISP is wavering on plans to begin blocking illegal websites next month because of fear of reprisals from internet vigilantes. DR Congo mass rape in Fizi '170 attacked' The number of reported victims of a recent mass rape campaign by gunmen in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo has risen to about 170, the UN says. Hugo Chavez in 'critical' condition in Cuban hospital This is no time for gloating, neither for Americans nor for Europeans. For both sides are in deep economic trouble, only in different ways. Fukushima Boric acid being added to No.3 reactor fuel pool Report Hezbollah moves missiles from Syria to Lebanon, fearing fall of Assad regime Ethiopia Court Jails Over 500 Muslims for Mass Church Burnings Syria a cornered Assad is losing his marbles  Assad cant offer amnesty to the Syrian people; theyll decide whether or not to offer amnesty to Assad.  The secret scandal of Britain's caste system  Why isn't the Equality and Human Rights Commission taking action against this prejudice? Parents getting their baby girls 'surgically converted into boys' [Madhya Pradesh, India] Fierce fighting southwest of Tripoli Rebels have been engaged in fierce firefights with government forces in mountain plains about 80km (50 miles) southwest of Tripoli. Peru halts Canadian company's mining project after deadly protests by antimining activists, mostly local Aymara Indian farmers. At least 5 activists were killed when riot police fired tear gas and live ammunition at protesters Sunflowers to clean radioactive soil in Japan BBC News  Syria send more troops to Turkey and Lebanon borders Tipping Point For The European Union?  French troop's withdrawal from Afghanistan stirs mixed reaction China and Vietnam to ease maritime tensions Pledge to resolve dispute over oil and gas rich South China Sea comes after highlevel talks between the two nations.