 Canada moving ahead with plans to ditch firstpastthepost electoral system. FPTP suited for fledgling democracies, mature democracies can do better, says minister in charge of reform. Zika virus declared global emergency by WHO Maori leaders in New Zealand's Far North have voted to block Prime Minister John Key from visiting the site where the country's founding document was signed, with one saying I don't understand why we'd want to welcome a Prime Minister when he has already signed away our sovereignty (with the TPPA) Hidden population of up to 200 lions found in remote Ethiopia. Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc. must pay $10 million in fines and penalties for telling U.S. officials the timber for its wood flooring came from Germany rather than the actual source  the habitats of endangered Siberian tigers in southeast Asia Ponzi Scheme In China Stole $7.6 Billion From Investors, Police Say ISISrun 'Voice of the Caliphate' radio station silenced by air strikes in Afghanistan The commander of the USled coalition fighting the Islamic State group dismissed calls to carpetbomb the jihadists. Indiscriminate bombing where we don't care if we are killing innocents or combatants is just inconsistent with our values. Japanese firm to open worlds first robotrun farm  Spread says it will open the fully automated farm with robots handling almost every step of the process Canada Admits Theres No Chance Itll Reach Its Climate Change Targets  Not Even Close Driver deliberately runs over 17 kangaroos on 100mstretch of road outside Brisbane in Australia North Korea blames U.S. for 'Hbomb test', says it's capable of making unlimited hydrogen bombs DEA uncovers major drug trafficking by Hezbollah to fund global terrorism There is no chance that the Rio Olympics will be cancelled because of a Zika virus outbreak, Brazil has said. Secret Motor Found On Cyclist's Bike At World Championships Vancouver set to approve first legal marijuana shops Alphabet Google's parent company has surpassed Apple as the world's most valuable company after its latest earnings report. Budget smartphones from Lenovo, Huawei, and other largely Chinese brands contain an accidental backdoor that grants intruders root access. BP is expected to announce a near 70% collapse in underlying profits on Tuesday as low oil prices continue to take their toll. United Nations human rights expert Alfred de Zayas called on Governments not to sign the TransPacific Partnership (TPP) without reaffirming their human rights treaty obligations and their recent pledges to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. Dutch Police Trained an Eagle to Attack Illegal Drones King Abdullah  Jordanians 'at boiling point ' over refugees Canadian Great Bear Rainforest Agreement ~3 Million Hectares preserved as A gift to the world Egyptian Christian Students Stand Trial for Insulting Islam ISIL suicide bomber kills at least 18 Iraqi soldiers near Ramadi b' U.S. refuses Israel weapons to attack Iran report' When the president ordered to attack Tskhinvali [the capital of South Ossetia], we knew then we were doomed. How come he didn't realize that? b' Israel clears troops who killed Reuters cameraman' b'Britain's policy of being tough on drugs is pointless, says a former civil servant who once ran the Cabinet's antidrugs unit.' b'Body of 14 year old found in trunk; Latest (ransom paid) kidnapping victim in Mexico. Head cop quits, Prez dissolves suspect elite task force' b'China has moved 10 *million* quake survivors into prefab homes' Bush announces Operation Get All Up In Russia's Grill. Yeah, this will end well. b'Russian forces sink Georgian ships ' The commander of a Navy air reconnaissance squadron that provides the President and the defense secretary the airborne ability to command the nation's nuclear weapons has been relieved of duty 92% of CNN readers Russia's actions in Georgia  justified! b'USA to send fleet into Black Sea to help Georgia, send troops in humanitarian aid exercise' US warns against Israeli plan to strike against Iran's nuclear facilities In an intriguing cyberalliance, two Estonian computer experts are heading to Georgia to keep the country's networks running amid an intense military confrontation with Russia b'The CNN Effect Georgia Schools Russia in Information Warfare' b'Why Russias response to Georgia was right' b'Elephants extinct by 2020?' b'US humanitarian missions soon in Georgia  if Russia hits the US  WWIII?' Georgia's DDOS came from US sources b'Russian convoy heads into Georgia, violating truce' b'Israeli defence minister US against strike on Iran' b'Gorbachev We Had No Choice' b'Witness Russian forces head towards Tbilisi in breach of ceasefire agreement' b' Quarter of Russians blame U.S. for conflict poll' b'Georgian president  says US military will take control of seaports and airports  Pentagon denies' b'2006 Nobel laureate Aleksander Solzhenitsyn accuses U.S., NATO of encircling Russia' 140,000,000 people without power in Pakistan after terrorist attack Kim Dotcom launches endtoend encrypted voice chat Skype killer  New MegaChat promises secure, encrypted and private video chatting through a browser World backs India against US bullying on patents. An Argentine prosecutor found dead shortly before he was about to make explosive allegations about President Cristina Kirchner took a bullet pointblank to his forehead A deadly rocket attack on the eastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol has been met with widespread international condemnation. This has led to renewed calls for Moscow to stop supporting the proRussia separatists. Obama on Russia 'Large countries shouldn't bully smaller countries' 'Hottest Year' Story Obscures Bigger News Ocean Warming Now Off The Charts Where do the wealthiest 1% live? A report by Oxfam caused a stir by predicting that the wealthiest 1% will soon own more than the rest of the world's population Russia hit with mass layoffs as economy worsens 30 Filipino police commandos killed in clash with MILF Leftist activist Shaimaa ElSabag shot dead today as blackmasked officers fired on march to lay roses on Tahrir Square Islamic State executes women in Mosul for refusing temporary marriage Germany halts arms exports to Saudi Arabia Students who survived Mexicos night of bloody horror accuse army and police | World news Tributes to Saudi King spark rights criticism in Britain Japan calls apparent ISIS execution of hostage 'outrageous and impermissible' Just 5% of Kurdistan Remain Under Islamic State Control Journalist covering Alberto Nisman's death flees Argentina for Israel, fearing for his safety Ukraine crisis Russia blocks UN attempt to condemn rebel rocket attack Turkish President Erdogan announced that the EU must accept Turkey as a member to prove that they are not an Islamophobic Christian club. Jeffrey Epstein Judge may reveal Prince Andrews alleged bid to protect paedophile tycoon Antiausterity party expected to win Greek election EU warns Russia that Ukraine conflict will hurt relations China Fake bank swindles customers out of $32m Up to four subs feared in Stockholm waters [in October] Kurds angered by antiISIL conference snub  Iraqi Kurds disheartened that US and allies did not invite Kurdish reps to London, given their crucial role in fight More than three million Germans can barely make ends meet despite being in work, according to a German newspaper. Growing numbers of struggling workers are cutting back on heating and food. Jamaica is About to Decriminalize Ganja Snowden iPhones Have Secret Spyware That Lets Govt's Monitor Unsuspecting Users. The NSA whistleblower's lawyer says the secret software can be remotely activated to watch the user Teenager says he escaped North Korea and made it to Sweden, claims asylum. Maintaining he walked across a frozen river into China and traversed two continents in cars, the transSiberian railway and the back of a truck. Obama Tells Netanyahu To Stop Pushing Congress Toward New Iran Sanctions Israel illegally demolishing Palestinian homes, UN says Cuban diplomats announced that in discussions with US officials they expressed their serious concerns over human rights in the United States citing detentions at Guantanamo Bay, to police abuse in Ferguson and New York to racial and gender inequalities Former Miss Turkey, 26, facing trial after being arrested for posting satirical poem that criticised President Erdogan Report Islamic State executes Japanese hostage According to intelligence group, radical jihadists force one of two hostages to report his countryman's execution. Operation DeathEaters Anonymous calls for activists to help expose international paedophile networks  BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Scan finds new tattoos on 5300yearold Iceman The mysterious and majestic blue hue emanating from Hong Kong seas is cause for concern, scientists say Ukraine 10 civilians, including children, killed in shelling Biologists find fish over 2400ft below the surface of an Antarctic glacier Founder of Russian gay teen site convicted of 'propaganda' Russians will 'eat less' for Putin Russian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov, speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos, on Friday warned the West against trying to topple President Vladimir Putin and said that Russians are ready to sacrifice their wealth in Putin's support FIFA loses three World Cup sponsors in Castrol Continental Johnson & Johnson ISIS Hostage Video Expert said it was more likely completed in an indoor studio with a false backdrop. Ayatollah Khamenei Appeals to Western Youth on Islam and Prejudice  In a rare effort to reach out to the West, Irans supreme leader released a letter to youngsters in the U.S. and Europe imploring them to learn about Islam from original sources and not have it introduced to you by prejudices Revealed how Blair colluded with Gaddafi regime in secret  Libyan government papers pieced together by team of London lawyers show how UK cosied up to Tripoli over dissidents War Is Exploding Anew in Ukraine; Rebels Vow More US spies have intercepted communications between the chief suspects in the murder case of Alexander Litvinenko, linking his poisoning to Russia | Alexander Litvinenko was a former officer of the Russian FSB and KGB, who fled from court prosecution in Russia and received political asylum in the UK. Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo are nearly out of water Russia Denies Ending Nuclear Cooperation With US, Joint Effort To Continue In 2015 Greece's new finance minister Yanis Varoufakis is Valve's former Steam Market economist Hershey's has blocked Britishmade Cadbury chocolate from entering the US. FBI arrests Russian spy in the Bronx Regin Malware Unmasked as NSA Tool after SPIEGEL Publishes Source Code Russia's Credit Rating Cut To 'Junk' By S&P Antivaccination group encourages parents in Australia to join fake church to avoid no jab, no play childcare laws Decapitation Marks the Beginning of Saudi King Salman Reign MILF massacres 49 members of Philippine National Police  Special Action Force during an encounter at Maguindanao, Philippines Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announces plans to dissolve country's intelligence agency Ukraine miners rescued after shelling left them trapped A Costa Rican court acquitted seven men Monday accused in the brutal murder of environmentalist Jairo Mora and the rape of four volunteers who worked with him to protect sea turtles Greeces new prime minister wants Germany to pay for Nazi war crimes Iran is ditching the US Dollar. North Korea slams shamelessness of Israel, calling it a rogue group that poses a nuclear threat and commits terrorist attack[s] against neighboring countries. Chinese officials feasted on endangered salamander, then beat journalists report Assad Erdogan is personally responsible for Syrian chaos 1.5M Lifted Out of Poverty in Ecuador under Correa Ukrainian rebel attacks on city of Mariupol are condemned by the UN as a war crime U.S. 'Cannot Stop' Russian Nuclear Missiles  Deputy Prime Minister Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, who overseas Russia's militaryindustrial complex, boasted of unspecified breakthroughs in Russian military technology during a talk show on the staterun Rossiya 1 TV channel on Sunday night. UK economic growth hits 2.6% in 2014, fastest growth since 2007 Militants attack top Libya hotel, ISIS claims responsibility Greece debt repayment in full 'unrealistic'  Syriza Greece's New Prime Minister Wants Germany To Pay For Nazi War Crimes Canadian forces engage in two (more) gunfights with ISIS on the ground in Iraq Ukraine turns to International Criminal Court over terrorist killings  President Poroshenko said today that he will give the EU ample evidence of who is behind the recent shelling of the city of Mariupol, in which more than 20 people died, and that he would refer this case and others to the ICC WikiLeaks demands answers after Google hands staff emails to US government Almost 500 cases of female genital mutilation identified in just one month in English hospitals Malaysia Airlines site hacked, displays 404  Plane Not Found Mass surveillance is fundamental threat to human rights, says European report Europes top rights body says scale of NSA spying is stunning and suggests UK powers may be at odds with rights convention Egyptian doctor sentenced to prison for female genital mutilation in landmark case after the death of a 13 year old ISIS forced out of Kobane after Kurdish fighters seize full control of town. Argentine journalist flees in wake of prosecutor's death  I am leaving because my life is in danger, Pachter said ProMoscow rebels, backed by what NATO says is the open participation of Russian troops, pressed on with their offensive on Sunday after restarting the war in eastern Ukraine with the first allout assault since a truce five months ago. Russian Security Forces Raid Independent Crimean TV Station Russian ruble tumbles after violence in eastern Ukraine escalates and oil continues to drop Greek exit polls suggest Syriza win Ukrainian army is foreign NATO legion, with geopolitical aims of constraining Russia  Putin Kurds fly flag of victory over Kobane The British government has said it is reviewing security procedures after a hoax caller claiming to be the director of Britain's GCHQ eavesdropping agency was put through to PM David Cameron. 'We are going to destroy the Greek oligarchy system' Yanis Varoufakis, tipped to be Syriza's new finance minister, says what his party would do if it gets into government in Greece Abducted Mexican journalist Moises Sanchez found dead. Syriza Rides AntiAusterity Wave to Landslide Victory in Greece Canada to unveil new security legislation after 2014 attacks PM Canadian Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney reaffirmed Canada's commitment to fighting antiSemitism and promised a zerotolerance approach for any attempts to delegitimize the state of Israel. Parents in Taiwan are now legally obliged to limit their kids' computer time BBC executive Tarik Kafala Do not call Charlie Hebdo killers 'terrorists' Euro tumbles on Greek vote results, approaching an 11year low versus the U.S. dollar Journalist who broke the dead prosecutor story flees Argentina in fear for his life LIVE India celebrates its 66th Republic Day Kim Jong Un to Visit Indonesia Marking First Official Trip Abroad Ebola has killed off a third of the world's gorillas and chimpanzees FIFA generated more than $4 billion in sales from the 2014 World Cup, and is Giving Brazil $100 Million After The Country Spent $15 Billion On The World Cup Paris mayor We intend to sue Fox News Punjab province of Pakistan bans any glorification of terrorists Russia hits back at Obama over SOTU speech at the centre of the (U.S.) philosophy is only one thing 'We are number one and everyone else has to recognise that' ... It shows that the U.S. wants all the same to dominate the world and not merely be first among equals. Lavrov told a news conference Documents show Islamic State & Saudi Arabia prescribe nearidentical punishments for crimes Cuba Wants Off U.S. Terrorism List Before Restoring Normal Ties ISIS executing 'educated women' in new wave of horror says U.N. Irish Samesex Marriage Referendum wording agreed by Cabinet Marriage may be contracted in accordance with law by two persons without distinction as to their sex Several stabbed in Tel Aviv attack Ukraine forces come under attack from Russian troops Kiev military Founder of German antiIslamization movement Pegida under fire over alleged posing as Adolf Hitler, describing immigrants as cattle and garbage, posting KKK picture along with quote Three Ks A Day Keeps Minorities Away Isis flags seen at antiCharlie Hebdo protest outside French Cultural Centre in Gaza Strip C.I.A. Report Found Value of Brutal Interrogation Was Inflated Israel ignoring deaths of Thai workers on farms Human Rights Watch calls on Israel to enforce labour laws after Thai workers tell of 17hour days and being treated like slaves Russia says Soldier who killed Armenian family will face trial in Armenia If you fire on Canadian forces, they will fire back, Defence Minister says 35 economists urge cancellation of Greek debt and end of austerity program Japan won't give in to demands for hostages. Mystery radio signal picked up from beyond our galaxy The Australian Parkes radiotelescope has given astronomers their only realtime view so far of the unexplained phenomenon known as the Fast Radio Burst Hamas Tel Aviv stabbing attack 'heroic act' Putin Says Russia Must Strengthen Army to Defend Itself Putin's comments reinforced his commitment to an expensive program to modernize the Armed Forces, which the Finance Ministry has signaled will be excluded from any budget cuts forced on the government by a growing economic crisis Ancient Scrolls Blackened by Vesuvius Are Readable at Last First Patient in world fitted with Artificial Pancreas NASA Spacecraft Closing In on Dwarf Planets Pluto and Ceres Good News. Tiger Numbers in India up From 1,400 to 2,226 in 7 Years Iranian newspaper shut down for showing solidarity with Charlie Hebdo Pope says birth control ban doesn't mean breed 'like rabbits' Kenya police teargas school kids protesting the removal of playground Hundreds of anonymous Wikipedia edits made every month by a UK Government computer Japanese government attempts to censor US textbooks that mention the Imperial Japanese Army's practice of keeping sex slaves Presidential Palace in Yemen is under heavy fire Canadian soldiers have fired on Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq, in what is thought to be the first confirmed ground battle involving Western forces. No gunpowder traces found on Argentine prosecutor Nismans hands Pakistani minister holds Saudi Arabian gov't responsible for destabilizing Muslim world through distribution of money for promoting it's Wahhabi ideology Isis executions Terror group throws 'gay' men off tower, stones woman accused of adultery and crucifies 17 young men British intelligence intercepted emails from The New York Times, Reuters, BBC, and others Five Russian nationals of Chechen origin have been arrested in France on suspicion of planning an attack, a French prosecutor revealed on Tuesday IS Hangs 13 Youths in Mosul For Watching Soccer Game Israel to allow sex change on ID cards without surgery US diplomats prepare for first highlevel visit to Cuba in 35 years | World news Snowden refuses to use iPhone for security reasons Australia trying to opt out of protecting 5 shark species  Wants out of commitment to work with other countries to ensure the 5 do not become extinct. Govt says it already has protections. 'Humane Society Int'l' calls move unprecedented act of domestic & international environmental vandalism. The Russian Government is reportedly planning to supply modern and sophisticated weaponry to the Cameroonian Army to help it to better fight the Nigeriabased terrorist group Boko Haram. Japan says jets scrambling at record pace to counter Chinese, Russian intrusions New E.U. law lets nations ban genemodified crops. Iran sees no OPEC shift toward a cut, says oil industry could withstand $25 crude AirAsia flight QZ8501 climbed 6000ft per minute before stalling Indonesian Transport Minister Russia outlaws films that 'threaten national unity' or 'defile culture' defiling the national culture, posing a threat to national unity and undermining the foundations of the constitutional order will not be allowed to be screened in cinemas PEGIDA vows more antiIslam rallies Vatican rentaboy prostituion ring revealed by priest Japan's Whaling is Not Science, Expert Witness Tells World Court  The Japanese practice of catching & killing some 1,000 whales a yr can't be justified as science, the World Court was told in a case Australia has brought against Japan. A mysterious Facebook character from Zimbabwe steals secrets from the ruling party every day and shames politicians for alleged corruption and brutality, often including their mobilephone numbers with instructions to call and demand answers Ecuador's president to U.S. Don't threaten us on Snowden case.It is outrageous to try to delegitimize a state for receiving a petition of asylum. The former secondhighest ranking officer in the U.S. military is now the target of a Justice Department investigation into an alleged leak of classified information about a Stuxnet attack on Irans nuclear program. France Restaurants selling 'homemade' dishes must be prepared from raw ingredients Hundreds protest Obama visit to South Africa UK set to become the first country to allow the creation of babies using DNA from three people. Syrian Orthodox Bishop beheaded by Syrian Rebels  Intifada Palestine Five phone hacking defendants, including Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson, have lost a last ditch attempt to block their prosecution. Egyptians call for a 'second revolution' The Most Hated Man on Chinas Internet Won't be Missed  Fang Binxing, creator of the Great Firewall of China, is all too familiar to Chinese internet users. So when Fang, head of Beijing University of Posts & Telecommunication, announced he's resigning, the reaction was brutal. China lifts 17year ban on Dalai Lama photos at Tibet monastery Christiane Amanpour is sued by Turkish newspaper's managing editor for broadcasting the protests in Istanbul and harming Turkey's public image (need help for translating the article) A group calling itself RedHack hacked into Istanbul Special Provincial Administration, deleting city debts and renaming a school. [translation] Turkish PM's treason claims against BBC reporter chills other journalists. Turkish journalists see Recep Tayyip Erdoan's attack on presenter for BBC's Turkish service as a warning to them all German parliament approves tax equality for gay couples German Chancellor Angela Merkel has warned against supplying arms to the militants in Syria, saying the risks of the move are too high Censorship U.S. military blocks access to Guardian articles At least 22 people have been killed after a series of bombs exploded in busy coffee shops and other public spaces across Iraq. In north and south Baghdad on Thursday, two blasts tore through cafes where scores of young men had gathered to watch a televised football match. Kevin Rudd becomes first Australian prime minister to support gay marriage. Cambodian orphans donate to help Alberta flood victims Turkish security forces fire on protest in southeast, one dead Kim Jung Un wants his army to build A Tourist beach resort French aid worker Pierre Borghi spent four months in shackles, imprisoned by the Taliban in a hole in the ground. But an opportunity to escape eventually came his way, thanks in part to the weight he had lost on the Taliban diet. The Obama administration and members of Congress are pressing India to curb its generic and inexpensive drugs which are essential to providing lifesaving treatments around the world. A wave of anger is sweeping the cities of the world. Politicians beware. Saudi Arabias Feared Islamic Police Raid Wedding After Groom Seen Holding Brides Hand US army blocks access to Guardian website to preserve 'network hygiene' Peruvian peasants rally to stop a $5 billion American gold mine project, which they say would ruin the local lakes Moscow teens decapitate homeless man, then play soccer with his head US student stabbed to death during Egypt protests was in the country teaching ... U.N. Admits Drug War Is Floundering, But Is Regulating Recreational Drugs the Answer? A highly contagious coronavirus with a 55 percent mortality rate is poised to move globally with an impending religious pilgrimage. German chancellor Angela Merkel has slammed the conduct of some Irish bankers who were caught on tape joking about an EU bailout. Merkel has called their attitudes an insult to all hardworking people. Tibetans Allowed to Openly Revere the Dalai Lama in Two Chinese Provinces Canada in landmark move to strike out hate speech law Mexico Leader of Leftist Party Is Fatally Shot one week before Local Election UK may be the first country to allow threeparent babies in order to prevent inherited mitochondrial defects. Bombs hit Iraq funeral and football stadium, killing 22 Hell to pay Residents angry as RCMP seize guns from High River homes Syrian Christians face 'ethnoreligious cleansing'  Russia debates letting Snowden in; Government official says he deserves protection and should file asylum request A Vatican cleric and two other people were arrested Friday by Italian police for allegedly trying to smuggle 20 million euros in cash into the country from Switzerland by private jet. Half of Britains mosques have been attacked since 9/11 There remains a lack of political will to tackle Islamophobia, warns Government adviser Iran's PresidentElect Nation Voted for Change Snowden asked to brief Russian parliament on US espionage Facebook denies sharing user information with Turkish govt 1.2 Million Stolen on its way to US Federal Reserve. UK's top general in Afghanistan has said West should have talked to Taliban a decade ago after they had just been toppled from power. Why U.S. Is Being Humiliated By The Hunt For Snowden Extrajudicial assassination, drones, killer robots, extraordinary rendition, black ops, wet ops, psyops, silly ops... The world is a bit tired of all this American posturing, grandstanding, and selfserving banditry. Netherlands closing prisons due to lack of prisoners Two girls and mother killed in northern Pakistan over a home video showing them enjoying the rain Former Icelandic minister asked 8 or 9 FBI agents to leave country  Agents said they were there to stop hackers, were really investigating WikiLeaks. Chris Hedges Defends Snowden's Heroism in the Face of a Growing Smear Campaign If there are no Snowdens, if there are no Mannings, if there are no Assanges, there will be no free press. Snowden, in asylum letter, says fair trial unlikely I believe that, given these circumstances, it is unlikely that I would receive a fair trial or proper treatment prior to that trial, and face the possibility of life in prison or even death. Mainstream Corporate Media Is More Interested in Capturing Snowden Than Condemning the Abuses He Exposed Kevin Rudd trumps Julia Gillard in bid for Australian Labor Party ballot. 57  45. (NYT) Snowden, Through the Eyes of a Spy Novelist in the last week both he and his former employers have misplayed their hands... (He) did not start out as a spy, and calling him one bends the term past recognition. Spies dont give their secrets to journalists for free. Australia Julia Gillard has been voted out of leadership by her party only 2 months before the election and replaced by former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. Latin America is ready to defy the US over Snowden and other issues | Stephen Kinzer The Terminal Snowden stuck in Moscow airport, 'can't buy ticket' with invalid passport. Cancelling Snowden's passport and bullying intermediary countries may keep Snowden permanently in Russia, warns WikiLeaks Snowdens (Encrypted) Files Are Out There if Anything Happens To Him US demands Russia give up Snowden Thanks, says Putin Every time the US 'demands' something from another country without considering the other parties' interests and motivations, it weakens itself. Vladimir Putin has been pointing this out Bitcoiners rally behind Snowden Though the U.S. revoked Snowden's passport, Assange revealed that Snowden was supplied with a refugee document when he left Hong Kong by the Ecuadorean government, allowing him to travel. Gay student beaten to death by farmer who was convinced the young man was 'the devil'. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard calls a leadership ballot for 7pm Wednesday to decide who will lead the country to the next election Whistleblowers will continue to leak state secrets, warns AP chief Ecuador tells U.S. to send its position on Snowden in writing Pope Francis sets up special commission of inquiry into the Vatican bank Russia Syria Will Be Armed With Weapons That Have Never Been Seen Before In the Middle East More recordings of Irish bankers, One heard laughing as deposits come in from Germany as a result of a Bank Guarantee Germany blasts Britain over GCHQ's secret cable trawl  Minister questions legality of mass tapping of calls and internet and demands to know extent to which Germans were targeted Australian Government changes Prime Minister to Kevin Rudd at a vote of 57  45 Ecuador president blasts coverage of Snowden case They've managed to focus attention on Snowden and on the 'wicked' countries that 'support' him, making us forget the terrible things against the U.S. people and the whole world that he denounced. Equador Gets Sassy and Offers U.S. 23 Million In Human Rights Training. The CIA's Plan To Cut Down On Leaks Was Just Leaked. Ecuador waives U.S. trade rights over Snowden case WikiLeaks Volunteer Was a Paid Informant for the FBI. Sigurdur Siggi Thordarson served two masters, working for the secretspilling website and simultaneously spilling its secrets to the U.S. government in exchange for $5,000. Happy endings ruled not illegal in southern China. Giving men masturbation in exchange for money will not be considered an act of prostitution, and those who provide these services will not face prosecution. Africa's Western Black Rhino is Now Officially Extinct Additional US data mining revealed by the guardian. Obama I'm Not Going to Be Scrambling Jets to Get a 29YearOld Hacker Ecuador waives US trade rights after threats made over Snowden case  Ecuador said on Thursday it was waiving preferential rights under a US trade agreement to demonstrate its principled approach to the asylum request of former American spy agency contractor and whistleblower Edward Snowden. Edward Snowden given safepass to Ecuador The British inventor of the World Wide Web accused Western governments of hypocrisy in spying on the Internet while lecturing repressive leaders across the world for doing exactly the same The US got Snowden's middle name wrong in the extradition request it sent to Hong Kong First Unlooted Royal Tomb of Its Kind Unearthed in Peru. Three queens were buried with golden treasures, human sacrifices. Henry Kissinger In the American press Syria is described as a conflict between democracy and a dictator. But thats not whats going on, Syria Islamist Rebels Attack Christian Village, Kill Priest Trying To Defend Nuns Inside Convent Outrage over Syrian rebels assaulting catholic monastery, killing hermit Facebook Accepted but Twitter Rejected to help Turkish Government on Protests US wont try to intercept Snowden flights  Obama Botswana, the world's largest diamond producer, has started to auction its own diamonds for the first time instead of selling them in Europe. [During] the Cold War, practically every telephone call in both directions between East and West Germany was monitored by the secret services on both sides of the Berlin Wall. After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1990, international monitoring operations were not halted, but rather extended. US boss held captive by Chinese plant workers until he agrees to severance packages. George Orwell's birthday celebrated in style in Utrecht (Netherlands) [translated link] Japan's public broadcaster sued over use of English words. Elderly viewers confused by increasing trend to use anglicised terms instead of their Japanese equivalent Report 36 killed after knife gang attacks China police station Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to seven years in jail Caught on tape Ireland's financial ruin  Banking Execs talk about lying to regulator, and their playbook to take as much taxpayer money as possible. Snowden exposes criminals, criminals are going for him now British intelligence has monitored internet users much more heavily than the US....why that should alarm us Protests in Bulgaria going on for about a week, being ignored by the international media. We are abandoning Afghans who worked with U.S. troops to a certain death. America's Afghan And Iraqi Interpreters Risk Lives But Wait Years In Danger For Visas Uzbekistan Bans Meaningless Songs That Dont Praise The Motherland Swedens top antipiracy company has admitted that using streaming movie sites to watch illicit content is not illegal and little can be done to stop it WikiLeaks' Assange says Snowden is healthy and safe Egyptian women rising up against sexual harassment. '99.3% of Egyptian women surveyed reported experiencing some form of sexual harassment. Men pay few penalties for grabbing and groping women in a violent manner' Edward Snowden fails to show up for Moscow to Havana flight  live Nelson Mandela's condition becomes critical Australian government shelves data retention plans. The Australian government has said that it will not progress plans for a mandatory data retention scheme. MI5 feared GCHQ went 'too far' over phone and internet monitoring Global Surveillance The Public Must Fight for its Right to Privacy Moody's downgrades rating on nine Hong Kong banks. Undercover UK police were sent to look for dirt on murder victim Stephen Lawrence's family BBC News  Kerry warns of Snowden consequences for Russia and China Edward Snowden is due to fly out of Russia in the next few hours in a bid to seek asylum in Ecuador. Kim Dotcom case threatens New Zealand Government Europeans Will Now Know When And What Data Gets Compromised It's Becoming More Clear How Hard Hong Kong Just Slapped The US In The Face PM Erdogan defends riot police tactics in Turkey protests Four Egyptian Shiites Slaughtered by UltraConservative Muslims in Egypt Islamic Militants Disguised as Policemen gun down 10 Foreigners and a Pakistani Guide in Mountain Camp Leaked emails reveal that Standard and Poors and Moodys accepted money for higher ratings before the financial crisis. Amnesty International chimes in on Snowden case USA must not hunt down whistleblower Edward Snowden Afghan Presidential Palace is Under Attack Putin Says Russia Won't Extradite Edward Snowden Putin confirms Edward Snowden is in Moscow airport transit zone Overzealous data collectors in the US and Great Britain have no right to investigate German citizens. The German government must protect people from unauthorized access by foreign intelligence agencies, and it must act now. This is a matter of national security. The United States Wiretapped The Mail Of The European Parliament Russia Rebukes U.S., Insisting Snowden Not Within Border. The Obama administration's inability, at least for now, to influence China, Russia and countries in Latin America that may accept Mr. Snowden for asylum, like Ecuador, brought home the limits of American power around the world. Iceland has withdrawn its bid to join the European Union An increasingly frustrated Obama administration escalated its criticism on Monday of Russia, China and Ecuador, the countries that appeared to be protecting Edward J. Snowden. Snowden never entered Russia admits Moscow Given the colossal scale of the technologies both in place and coming online soon, it is conceivable that the US government intends to intercept, store, catalog, and profile the activities of every single person with a cell phone or an Internet connection... about 4.5 billion people. [Dutch link] Dutch Internet TV program exposes Europe parliamentarians who check in to work, and leave 5 minutes later. This gets them 300 Euro's. When confronted they get angry and hit the camera. Jon Stewart, on Egypt's version of the Daily Show, criticizes Morsi's persecution of political comedians If your regime is not strong enough to handle a joke, then you dont have a regime. A joke has never ridden a motorcycle with a baton into a crowd, a joke has never fired tear gas into a park. Edward Snowden leaves reporters chasing shadows around an airport On its side, the Obama Administration has the courts, the intelligence services, Congress, the diplomatic service, much of the media, and most of the American public. Snowdens got Greenwald, a woman from Wikileaks, and a dodgy travel document from Ecuador. Which side are you on? Zimbabwe MP who just published damning report on missing diamond funds dies in 'road accident'... after warning German police arrested a 57yearold trucker accused of carrying out 762 shootings on European highways over the past five years Policeman Who Shot And Killed an unarmed protester Ethem Sarslk In Turkey, was released From Jail today. Even though his murder was caught on video! Michael Hastings Sent Email About FBI Probe Hours Before Death Brazil's President Rousseff calls for constitutional vote to quell protests. The streets are telling us that the country wants quality public services, more effective measures to combat corruption ... and responsive political representation Istanbul's 2020 Olympic bid chief is backing Turkish protesters Trauma of spy's girlfriend 'like being raped by the state' American CEO Being Held Hostage in China by his own Factory Workers BBC releases statement after the Mayor of Ankara threatened one of their reporters in social media British spy agency has secret access to the world's Facebook posts, phone calls, emails and internet history World Bank Insider Blows Whistle on Corruption, Federal Reserve Putin If the United States ... recognizes one of the key Syrian opposition organizations, alNusra, as terrorist ... how can one deliver arms to those opposition members? Death of AIDS in sight  A trial of the only vaccine to offer partial protection from HIV, after 30 years of research, was started in South Africa this week. US files criminal complaint against Edward Snowden charging him with espionage. Jon Stewart encourages Egyptian counterpart If your regime is not strong enough to handle a joke, then you dont have a regime Increasingly brutal tactics are being used in an attempt to break the hunger strike by detainees at Guantnamo Bay, including making cells freezing cold and the use of metal tipped feeding tubes. Syria 'I saw rebels execute my boy for no more than a joke 'Worse than NSA' UK Spy Agency Amasses 'World's Communication' Documents reveal a fiveyearold government surveillance system that dwarfs all others in its scale and capacity to collect metadata on the world's communications US 'to charge Edward Snowden with spying' UN report accuses Israel of child torture I am proud to be called a radical Buddhist In Burma, Buddhists are increasingly embracing extremism and calling for the deaths of Muslims Feel Free To Kill Protesters, said Brazilian Public Prosecutor Massive flooding in Southern Alberta. Estimated 100,000+ people evacuated from their homes, highways washed out, houses lost. CIA secretly providing training for Syrian rebels report Snowden faces execution as sealed complaint charges espionage Christian women forced to parade naked in Pakistan Majoritarianismthe credo of an expanding group of elected but autocratic rulers around the world, which holds that electoral might always makes you rightis not true democracy, even if, on the face of it, the two things look alike. It is worth explaining why. UN Impossible to determine Syria chemical attack perpetrator even with US evidence Anonymous We Have Stolen North Korean Military Documents German Chancellor Angela Merkel told President Putin that German art seized by the Soviets in the wake of World War II should be repatriated, a claim the Russian leader swiftly rejected. Brazilian President has spoken on national TV 100% of oil royalties going to education, import of thousands of foreign doctors to improve the health care system, elaboration of national urban mobility plan. WHO calls emergency meeting to respond to SARSlike outbreak, called MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome)  incubation time 12 days, fatality rate 60% The World Cup may be transferred to the United States according to news agency. American Friends do not let that happen, it is your money that they're going to use  More information in the comments  Portuguese Link Suppressed report accuses respected industries, including telecoms giants and insurance companies, of hiring criminals to steal data Assange It is getting to the point where the mark of international distinction and service to humanity is no longer the Nobel Peace Prize, but an espionage indictment from the US Department of Justice. GCHQ Taps this is a pivotal moment democracies are becoming national security states; what once looked like science fiction is now an everyday reality China slams US as worlds biggest villain for cyber espionage Turkey's crowds return, armed only with flowers Google handed over years of emails belonging to WikiLeaks chatroom admin Google informed 2 Icelandic activists that a US court order mandated a secret search in 2011 Turkey  Police attacking people gathered to commemorate the victims of previous police violence. China's Xinhua news agency condemns US 'cyberattacks' They demonstrate that the United States, which has long been trying to play innocent as a victim of cyberattacks, has turned out to be the biggest villain in our age, says Xinhua. A senior Australian rabbi who failed to stop sexual abuse of young boys at Sydney Jewish school claims the victims consented to sexual relations. The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) is trying to block access to books for blind people in nonEnglish speaking countries. TransPacific Partnership, a secretive trade agreement with 10 other nations, to let corporations directly challenge laws & regulations  It's about tying the hands of democratically elected govts & shunting authority over to the nonelected for the benefit of multinational corporations. Google 'mistakenly collects' private information from WiFi networks with Street View cars, and 'mistakenly' holds on to data for over a year after pledging to destroy it In an effort to break Guantanamo detainees' hunger strike, US authorities are using metaltipped feeding tubes and making rooms freezing cold. Maya City Discovered in Jungles of Mexico  Hidden for centuries, there are 3 monumental complexes, numerous pyramidal structures, ballgame courts, patios, plazas, monuments & residential areas. Some structures appear to have been reused at some point, something not found elsewhere. Jgermeister promotional party incident with liquid nitrogen ends with 9 people hospitalised and with one left in a coma. GCHQ monitoring described as a 'catastrophe' by German politicians  Federal ministers demand clarification from UK government on extent of spying conducted on German citizens America claims privacy invasion but British intercepted all Irish communications in early 1990s Chinese astronauts succeed in manual docking with space lab  World How angry is Brazil? They're getting pissed at Pel. Aston Martin Driver Allan Simonsen Killed In Le Mans Crash 250,000 Brazilians return to streets as protests focus on government corruption Russias SOPA Passed By Lawmakers, Site Blocking Begins In Weeks Aggressive new antipiracy legislation that allows for sites to be rapidly blocked by ISPs upon allegations of copyright infringement passed through its final two readings in Russias State Duma 4,000yearold Egyptian statue in UK museum moves on its own In the favelas on the frontline of protest, Brazilians ask who is this World Cup for? PM Erdogan accuses antigovernment protestors of insulting Islam, alleges international conspiracy at proAKP rally. UK Report reveals that firms routinely hire criminals to steal rivals' information 'UK police knew 6 years ago that firms were hiring private investigators to break the law and further their commercial interests, yet the police did next to nothing to disrupt the unlawful trade' Canada bill that bans wearing masks during an unlawful assembly or riot carries a maximum 10year prison sentence, scheduled to become law today Australian state passes law allowing unimmunised children to be banned from childcare centres Pope Francis says that financial speculation and corruption were keeping millions of people in hunger and the financial crisis could not be used as an alibi for failing to help the poor AP Sources have stopped talking  US seizure of journalist records called 'chilling' Pirate Bay cofounder sentenced to 2 years in prison for hacking Brazilian police join demonstrators Almost half of boys and one in five girls in Jordan's capital city, Amman, believe that killing a woman who has dishonored, or shamed, her family is justifiable, a study of teenagers' attitudes reveals Singapore is currently covered in hazardous haze and smoke due to Indonesia burning its forests. Indonesian minister claims Singapore is behaving like a small child over the hazardous haze Pel, Brazils greatest footballer and one of the best players of all time, has shocked Brazilians by urging them to forget the protests sweeping the country and concentrate on cheering for the national team China introduces execution for extreme environmental offenders Image of Gas Attack Against Lone Brazilian Woman Goes Viral Shocking images of police violence draw muchneeded attention to protests and larger issue of police brutality Palestinian children tortured, used as shields by Israel U.N. Drone 'Signature Strike' Witness Responds To Obama Speech 'I Don't Trust A Single Word' Egypt's Coptic Christians say they are 'no longer safe' in Egypt Leaked doc shows USA has started an Internet War Schneier Six teenage soccer players sentenced to just two years in prison for kicking a referee to death. The U.S. military is actively trying to destroy a lot of what it brought to Afghanistan Pool party in Mexico, goes bad when party organizers pour liquid nitrogen in the pool. Party goers asphyxiated, not poisoned. Shared symbols of a generation in revolt Ordinary people, with no ideological axe to grind, have found the means to resist the sham nature of Democracy in countries around the world. Brazilians protester win So Paulo mayor announces reduction in bus fares New MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome) virus spreads easily between people and has a 65 precent fatality rate, compared with SARS 8 percent. The source of the virus is still unknown. Taliban offer to free US soldier in exchange for Afghans held at Guantanamo Beforeandafter satellite photos from Darfur show entire villages wiped off the map Australia will not recognise gay and lesbian marriages performed overseas In Brazil, mayors of So Paulo and Rio de Janeiro have agreed to lower the price of public transportation back to preprotest levels More than 300 thousand people protesting in Rio right now! Occupy Brazil happening simultaneously in over 100 cities, totalling a few million people on the streets right now Japanese scientists are expecting to be granted approval to grow human organs in animals and then harvest them for transplant within the next year. This could be the moment Brazilians decide theyve had enough of 500 years being exploited by the same people. Andy Martin reports on Sao Paulo The case of a 12yearold girl who is pregnant after being raped for years by her father and others in a La Paz prison has sparked outrage in Bolivia over the practice of letting children live in jails. The Around The World in 80 Jobs blogger has had his concept stolen and name trademarked by Adecco. (xpost from r/travel) Anonymous to release secret North Korea military documents June 25 The UK patent on Viagra runs out today making it cheaper than a cup of coffee... Happy Friday Chaps. 15 million Egyptians have signed a petition calling for President Morsi's Resignation Istanbul is silent right now. Because tear gas killed its birds. Israeli man shot in Jerusalem at the Wailing Wall for shouting Allah Ackbar Brazillian newspaper on the mass protests in Brazil Everything was going so well and suddenly we are replaying Tahrir Square, suddenly, with no warning, no crescendo. Egypt orders $2.5mln worth of teargas from US despite plunging economy Argentina caught a Chinese ship trying to steal 180 tonnes of its squid Calgary (Alberta, Canada) flooding forces evacuations, 100,000 may be affected Palm Oil Companies Most Likely Caused Record Fires in the Rainforests of Indonesia Chinas economy is freezing up Turkish Embassy in Washington, DC gets the Standing Man treatment A very bad air day in Singapore this week, as seen by NASA's Terra and Aqua satellites. McLibel leaflet was cowritten by undercover police officer Bob Lambert  McDonald's sued green activists in longrunning David v Goliath legal battle, but police role only now exposed PalmOil Giants Dodge Responsibility for Toxic Smog Covering Singapore. Recordbreaking hazardous smog forces millions indoors Chinese students protest against increased steps to stop cheating. Hope brought me to America A North Korean defector tells his inspiring story of surviving famine, escaping hell, and finding a new purpose Syria Children 'dying by the roadside' as refugees flee for the border Over 1,000,000 people are protesting on the streets in dozens of Brazilian cities Australia introduces Netflix tax legislation to parliament. With hopes of placing a tax on all foreign digital goods. Disbelief as Egyptian president rolls out four kilometre red carpet for austerity press conference A smartphone application aimed at helping users avoid morality police units in Irans capital city, which became an instant hit just hours after its release yesterday, has been blocked in Iran. Turkey detains 34 people with explosives, suicide vests at Syrian border  media Physicists say theyve finally confirmed the existence of a 'four neutronno proton' particle  ...were going to have to make some serious changes to current understanding of nuclear forces. North Korea Kim Jongun 'executes chief of military on corruption charges' | Asia | News Saudi Arabias Rosa Parks faces torrent of abuse over social media Zimbabwe pleads for $1.5bn in food aid to prevent mass starvation  25% of entire population is at risk of starving to death Japan announces new sanctions on North Korea after satellite launch Iraqi troops fully capture Ramadi, reopen road to Baghdad IMF warns Ukraine it will halt $40bn bailout unless corruption stops French plan advances to strip passports from those convicted of terrorism India busts child trafficking racket to US China confirms first imported Zika case Xinhua Stocks close slightly lower as oil plunges below $28 a barrel No evidence that EU's illegal timber policy is working  Leaked review shows that EU law is failing to prevent $100bn a year trade in illegal timber  or that rules are even being implemented Teenager finds gold bars in German lake, revives mystery of Nazi gold Pregnant woman diagnosed with Zika in Australia Music publisher agrees to pay $14m to end Happy Birthday song lawsuit Documents indicate chemical leaks at U.S. base that were unreported to Japanese authorities have polluted Okinawa water supply Several large nations consider levies on sweetened food and drinks to battle obesity and fatten government coffers. North Korean satellite 'stable' in orbit after launch, US official confirms Top Intel Official Confirms ISIS Made, Used Chemical Weapons Israeli Parliament Suspends Arab MPs Who Met Attackers' Kin Stock market rout intensifies amid fears central banks are 'out of ammunition' North Korea satellite 'tumbling in orbit,' U.S. official says The satellite North Korea fired into space on Sunday is tumbling in orbit and incapable of functioning in any useful way North Korea has restarted plutonium reactor and could have stockpiles in weeks  US spy chief Hong Kong riot happening right now Mexico won't pay a cent for Trump's 'stupid wall' Two passenger trains have collided in the German state of Bavaria, with reports saying several people have been seriously injured. Australia Cuts 110 Climate Scientist Jobs Because the science is settled there is no need for more basic research, the government says Dow drops over 300 points as oil drops below $30 Colombia's constitutional court has banned mining and oil projects in the country's ecologically delicate moorlands. Mexico Sikh actor barred from flying to US 'because of turban' Turkey's Erdogan threatened to flood Europe with migrants Greek website Experts say almost all species in the Mediterranean are still overfished despite decades of seeing stocks dwindle  and that is forcing the European Union to consider creative solutions like using drones or space technology to catch fraudulent fishermen. 'This is hell' British man held in Myanmar for 14 months without charge pleads for help Gunshots fired as Hong Kong police clash with hawkers and crowds in Mong Kok on first day of Chinese New Year 2008 Mumbai Attacks Plotter Says Pakistans Spy Agency Played a Role Canada's prime minister on Monday announced that the country will end airstrikes against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq by Feb. 22, saying that the people terrorized by ISIL every day don't need our vengeance, they need our help. Australian environment minister Greg Hunt named best minister in the world (He approved dredging near Barrier Reef) UAE creates ministers for happiness and tolerance Murdered Cambridge student 'was killed by Egyptian secret services' Exclusive  U.S. athletes should consider not attending Olympics if fear Zika officials At least 21 Hutus killed in 'alarming' east Congo violence U.N. Zurich police used tear gas and rubber bullets to try to break up a group of around 100 Kurdish activists holding an unauthorized demonstration outside the Turkish consulate in Switzerland's financial capital Global oil surplus will be bigger than thought, IEA says ExJPMorgan Executive Fined $1.1 Million Over `London Whale'. JPMorgan was fined 138 million pounds in 2013 after a trader nicknamed the London Whale incurred $6.2 billion in losses. Indian Soldier pulled out alive after being buried in ice for 6 days in Siachen  the highest battlefield Ministers wined and dined by arms trade hours after MPs demand ban on selling weapons to Saudi Arabia b'Ten thousand tons of cargo, 800 passengers, 50 nationalities, nine vessels  one aim  to break the siege on Gaza.' b'Scottish woman approached in the street and offered  200 to be sterilised by US group' Another one bites the dust Polish catholic priest arrested in Brazil accused of having a pedophilic 'erotic dungeon' New UK Defence Secretary wants to speed up withdrawal of British troops from Afghanistan, says the UK isn't a 'global policeman' b'Two Italian grocery chains to boycott Israeli produce' The world's poor spend 2% of their income educating their children, and 4 to 8% on alcohol and tobacco.  b'The Catholic Church requests the public to donate  at least 1 million to church collections today to  fund three big open air masses at which Pope  Benedict XVI will present while in the UK. The rest  of the money is paid for by the British government.' b'AntiIslam movement reaches Poland Eastern Europe has had little tension over Muslim immigration, but that could change.' Japan's Prime Minister breaks campaign promise, caves to pressure to continue U.S. Military Base in Okinawa b'Israeli Soldier Shoots Bound Palestinian [video]' b'Taliban win 1,600 bounty for each Nato soldier killed' Broke Britain 'can no longer afford role in Afghanistan' b'Councils have used antiterrorism laws to try to catch people donating goods outside charity shops and to make sure dogs are wearing collars' b'Israeli government approves Schalit law, the bill denies visitation rights to Hamas prisoners in Israeli jails.' b'Japans PM apologises over US military base' Saudi 'emo' girls busted by religious cops b'In a democracy they would have been put on trial, says Imad Falluji, a former leader of Hamas who abandoned it in the mid1990s. Under Hamas military rule they were simply tortured and executed. ' b'North Korea Demands Access to Sunken Warship Investigation' Prosecution asks to subpoena Naomi Campbell in war crimes trial because of new evidence of 'Blood Diamond' gift from former Liberian president Charles Taylorn b'Britain considers policy shift on Afghanistan  So Should We!' b'Noncrew in cockpit of Polish plane' b'Kim Jong ordered the attack on South Korean warship' b'Astronomer Copernicus reburied as hero in Poland' The Cuban government's role in the economy is  diminishing as selfemployment and private  ownership of barber shops and beauty salons are  legalized. (w/vid) Government 'secretly ditched' Japan whaling case Less than 24 hours after General Assembly recognizes Palestine as nonmember state, Israel responds by approving construction of 3,000new housing units in Jerusalem, West Bank North Korea Has Found a Secret Unicorn Lair, Apparently  
Archaeologists of the History Institute of the DPRK Academy of Social Sciences have recently reconfirmed a lair of the unicorn rode by King Tongmyong, founder of the Koguryo Kingdom, reports the  wait. Stop. UNICORNS?  Global hacking network declares Internet war on Syria   Anonymous says it'll shut down Syrian govt websites around the world in response to a countrywide Internet blackout believed to be aimed at silencing opposition to the president. Mexican Cartels Enslave Engineers to Build Radio Network  At least 36 engineers & technicians have been kidnapped in the past 4 yrs. None of them have been held for ransom   just disappeared.   When they need specialists they catch them, use them, & discard them.  In Syria, fighting escalates as the country's internet goes dark, and cell phone communication go down. We dont know why yet, but in the past, the Syrian government has cut off access during major operations. Syria's Internet Blackout Explained   Syria has 4 physical cables that connect it to the rest of the internet. 3 are undersea. The 4th is an overland cable through Turkey. In order for a wholecountry outage, all 4 would've had to been cut simultaneously.  UN votes overwhelmingly to upgrade Palestine's status Attacked with acid because she spurned men's advances, then proceeds to win millions of rupees on Who Wants to be a Millionaire in India. Whisky saves man's eyesight after being blinded by vodka Internet and Phone Service Cut in Syria UN General Assembly recognizes Palestine as a state 1389 with 41 abstaining Australians think cigarettes in the new mandatory plain packaging taste worse than they did in branded packs. The U.N. Shouldn't Decide on an Open Internet Behind Closed Doors  The goal is to update a decadesold treaty. But certain countries seem to be attempting a quiet coup in updating it  one that could violate our rights online while leaving users less secure & with slower service. Hitler's Strange Afterlife In India France tells UK's richest man Lakshmi Mittal sell up or we nationalise Qatari poet jailed for life for insulting Emir with his poem   RT Dominique StraussKahn may pay the maid who accused him of attempted rape $6 million to resolve her civil lawsuit Philippines criticises 'dictatorial' China   Chinese naval patrols have been authorized to search and repel ships that illegally enter an area in the South China Sea through which much of the regions commercial vessels pass UN Makes Palestine NonMember Observer State Austrian police seize servers that were part of a global anonymous browsing system, after images showing child sex abuse were found passing through them  The Onion Router (Tor)  pipes data through many different nodes to hide who is browsing what site. Egypt's new constitution An unofficial translation 4 Reasons Britannia Rules the Waves (& Wind & Solar)  UK this week released a comprehensive (if complicated & controversial) new energy bill that triples subsidies for noncarbon energy & opened a new green bank that'll rush cash to alternative energy projects. First Use of OMG Abbreviation Found in a 1917 Letter to Winston Churchill Muslims Face Expulsion From Western Myanmar  Ethnic Hatred Tears Apart a Region of Myanmar Brazil economy slows unexpectedly Nuclear fusion device's 1st test with hydrogen declared a success UN panel 'rules in Assange's favour' World is about to eradicate the first human disease since smallpox  the gruesome Guinea worm Woman assaulted by cop who lost his job found dead in Holloway prison cell A 10yearold Afghan boy who was declared a hero after fighting the Taliban has been shot dead by insurgents while on his way to school. TPP protesters shut down central Auckland as ministers sign controversial deal Johnson & Johnson, Viacyte testing possible diabetes cure If it works as well in patients as it has in animals, it would amount to a cure, ending the need for frequent insulin injections and blood sugar testing Gorbachev I am ashamed by Putin and Medvedev Finnish president Migrants pose challenge to western values Morocco to switch on 1st phase of world's largest solar plant  Desert complex will provide electricity for over 1 million people when complete, helping African country to supply most of its energy from renewables by 2030 Support for Merkel at fourandahalf year low, doubts grow over refugee policy Missing Cambridge University student Giulio Regeni found dead 'with signs of torture' in Egypt Hiker Finds 3,500YrOld Egyptian Seal in IsraelCarved in the shape of a beetle, the scarab represents Pharaoh Thutmose III (14811425 BC) sitting on his throne. He set up govt in Canaan & waged wars, including battle of Megiddoa victory documented on Karnak Temple walls. TPP has been signed in Auckland,New Zealand Julian Assange says he will 'accept arrest' on Friday if UN rules against him Police arrest 'IS' suspects as Carnival celebrations kick off in Germany  Several men said to be linked to the Islamic State militant group have been arrested at the start of Carnival. Police have increased security in the wake of the Paris attacks and sexual assaults committed in Cologne. 806 people died by falling off trains in 2015 in Mumbai Israel considers revoking press cards of outlets that give 'distorted headlines' Archaeologists from the Charles University in Prague have unearthed a 4,500yearold 59foot boat at a site in Egypt Israel Abu Khdeir killers get life, 21 years Germany moves to make country less attractive to migrants Four charged with helping gunman attack Copenhagen synagogue U.S., 11 nations formally sign largest regional trade deal in history 1st orangutan murder seen as pair team up to kill female  Female orangutans are normally solitary & very rarely engage in fights. Its also unusual for females & males to form coalitions. The area is more crowded because of habitat destruction. At least 45 killed in blasts near Shiite mosque in Damascus TPP fundamentally flawed, should be resisted  Human Rights Expert Stop refugees or we'll stop aid, Germany tells Afghans Women barred from entering Starbucks in Saudi Arabia BP is to cut another 7,000 jobs after reporting an annual loss of $6.5bn (4.5bn), the worst in its history Goldman Sachs Says It May Be Forced to Fundamentally Question How Capitalism Is Working UK scientists get cancer cells addicted to drugs that will kill them NASA's New Horizons team discovers vast reserves of H2O ice on Pluto Scientists in Germany are poised to begin an experiment they hope will advance the quest for nuclear fusion. Researchers plan to inject a tiny amount of hydrogen and heat it until it becomes a superhot gas known as plasma, mimicking conditions inside the sun. Japan readies to 'destroy' North Korea rocket Terror stabbing attack at Damascus Gate in Jerusalem. The Hyderabad company has now developed the world's first vaccine against the Zika Virus Smokers in Italy hit with new fines to protect the young Smokers in Italy are now facing fines of up to 500 euros ($600) if they light up in a car with a child or pregnant woman, or if they toss a cigarette butt on the street World's largest offshore windfarm to be built off Yorkshire coast  DONG Energy given goahead for 1.2gigawatt project that will power more than a million UK homes Dutch Defence Minister wants to extend military service to women Asylum seekers as young as 11 come to Norway married  At least 61 minors were married when they sought asylum in Norway last year, figures from the Norwegian authorities show. The youngest was an eleven year old girl. Nasa hack AnonSec attempts to crash $222m drone, releases secret flight videos and employee data 90% of Russian Regions Hit by Flu Epidemic British Columbia unveils historic agreement to protect a massive swath of rainforest along its coastline. President Obama plans to substantially increase the deployment of heavy weapons, armored vehicles and other equipment to NATO countries in Central and Eastern Europe, a move that administration officials said was aimed at deterring Russia from further aggression in the region. Condoms compulsory in German sex industry under new law Saudi Arabia says 375 civilians killed on its border in Yemen war. Now our rules of engagement are you are close to the border, you are killed Berlin Senate negotiates transformation of 22 hotels into refugee shelters Australia's offshore asylum policy ruled legal by High Court Chinese military aircraft trespass into Japan, Korea airspace, Japan scrambles jets Zika virus forces India's Tata motors to rename its new car Denmarks justice minister admitted on Friday that the US sent a rendition flight to Copenhagen Airport that was meant to capture whistleblower Edward Snowden and return him to the United States UN Demands ZikaInfected Countries Give Women Access To Abortion And Birth Control First abortion in Colombia possibly as result of Zika A woman struggled to find a doctor willing to provide an abortion after it was discovered her fetus suffered from microcephaly. Muslim women blocked from seeking office by male Labour councillors  Muslim Women's Network say the national Labour party is complicit in local male Muslim councillors' systematic misogyny Pirate Bay Transforms into The World's Biggest Streaming Site China confirms it's holding three missing Hong Kong booksellers Magnitude 6.7 earthquake hits Tainan in Taiwan  residential block close to collapse Ric O'Barry, the star of an Oscarwinning documentary that shows how dolphins are hunted in a Japanese village was deported to the U.S. on Friday after Tokyo airport officials barred his entry and he was held in detention for more than two weeks. Cardinal George Pell 'too ill' to travel from Rome for child sex abuse inquiry Russian prosecutors have begun considering whether media coverage of the unexpected friendship between a male tiger and goat at a safari park in the countrys far east counts as gay propaganda. New Law In London Would Fine Homeless 1,000 For Sleeping Outside Or Loitering NASA Warns That ClosestEver Asteroid Will Pass Earth Next Month (17000km) Number of Syrian refugees heading for Turkey border nearly doubles, 35,000 in past 24 hours, Turkish official says Gunfire reports at boxing event in Dublin The British want to come to America  with wiretap orders and search warrants Nearly 200 images released by US military depict Bushera detainee abuse Julian Assange 'sweet' victory soured by British and Swedish rejection. No release in sight despite UN panel deciding WikiLeaks founder is being arbitrarily detained at Ecuador embassy. Pope to meet leader of Russian Orthodox Church for first time in nearly 1,000 years Australia guts government climate research One of America's oldest stock exchanges has just been sold to China The 134yearold Chicago Stock Exchange reached a deal on Friday to be acquired by a Chineseled group of investors. Syria warns Saudis against incursion, says will be resisted The Pentagon on Friday released 198 photographs linked to allegations of abuse of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, many of them showing closeups of cuts and bruises to arms and legs of prisoners held in U.S. facilities NATO Soldiers lives can be saved by renewable energy | Transporting fuel to war zones is extremely risky, often leading to casualties. Around 3000 American soldiers were either killed/wounded in Afghanistan while protecting fuels and water supplying convoys between 2003 and 2007 Taiwan Warned of Fishery Collapse  Number of species drop 75% in 30 yrs. It's headed for greatest marine ecosystem collapse on planet. Illegal & overfishing, habitat destruction, pollution & invasive species add to drop. Most dominant fish at a nuclear plant now rabbitfish instead of mullet. Brazil Health Researchers Say Zika Virus Is Active in Saliva and Urine. France has become the first country in the world to ban supermarkets from throwing away or destroying unsold food, forcing them instead to donate it to charities and food banks. Man Ejected From Somali Plane in Midair Was Suicide Bomber German spy agency says ISIS sending fighters disguised as refugees Swiss bank Julius Baer, facing a criminal charge, has agreed to pay $547 million and cooperate for three years with American authorities to shut down accounts that enabled wealthy Americans to evade taxes Cologne Carnival Police record 22 sexual assaults Russia There are a growing number of signs that Turkey is preparing a military incursion into Syria DNA discovery unearths 'unknown chapter in human history' in Europe 15,000 yrs ago  Scientists studying the DNA of ancient Europeans found evidence of a 'major population upheaval' at the end of the last Ice Age European Parliament Unanimously Recognizes Islamic State Attacks on Yazidis and Assyrians (Christians) as Genocide FGM (female genital mutilation) number of victims found to be 70 million higher than thought  Half of girls and women cut live in just three countries as Unicef statistics reveal shocking global scale of barbaric ritual Morocco to switch on first phase of world's largest solar plant | Desert complex will provide electricity for more than 1 million people when complete, helping African country to supply most of its energy from renewables by 2030 At least 87 people trapped in South African gold mine after building collapse TPPA Protester throws and hits MP with sex toy in New Zealand Spain confirms case of Zika virus in a pregnant woman  the first in Europe U.N. panel rebukes Iran for allowing sex, execution at nine years old Berlin has signed a deal that will lead to further integration of German naval forces with the Dutch military. The move is being hailed as an important step in the creation of united European armed forces. Australia considers strict screening of Muslim refugees President Abbas' party Palestinians who killed Israeli policewoman became role models Protests Erupt as Trade Ministers Sign 'Toxic' TPP Agreement Woman who turned in Paris attack ringleader also said he had travelled to Europe with 90 others, including Syrians, Iraqis, French, German and British citizens. Sakurajima volcano erupting this evening (near Kagoshima, Japan) Ecuador says it should be compensated for housing Julian Assange in embassy Chinese police have confirmed for the first time that three of five Hong Kong booksellers who went missing were being investigated for illegal activities in China, according to a letter sent to Hong Kongs police on Thursday. North Korea drops propaganda leaflets, trash, cigarette butts on South Korea China saw a 60 percent annual increase in its new wind generating capacity in 2015 as the country seeks to expand the use of clean energy to reduce air pollution and lower carbon emissions Italian Police Seize 85,000 Tons of Olives Covered in Copper Sulfate To Make Them Greener South Korea fires warning shot after North Korean boat crosses border. Indian telecom Regulatory Authority says no to contentbased differential tariff offers, supports net neutrality Indian man could be first recorded human fatality due to a meteorite | Ars Technica Family claims US lesbian couple were jailed for 25 years in Kuwait for being gay Man sells British fresh air to wealthy Chinese elite for 80 a jar Another Islamic State jailer who held Western hostages identified as Londoner Oilrich Venezuela is now importing U.S. oil Russia is now China's biggest oil partner  and it's a huge problem for Saudi Arabia Hamas hospitals treating ISIS operatives in Gaza Tokyo's milehigh skyscraper set to be world's tallest & twice as tall as the Burj Khalifa  To be 5,577ft tall & host 55,000 people. Part of city's flooddefence plan. Mexican Indigenous Ask Pope to Apologize for Massive Genocide Assange says weak French intelligence bowed to US after spying leaks | France is a weakened country that relies too heavily on its subservient intelligence relationship with the United States and the United Kingdom, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange told French radio War on ISIS Chechnya leader Ramzan Kadyrov claims his special forces are on the ground in Syria North Korea Missile Launch 'Strongly Condemned' by United Nations Security Council Tipping Point in Syria as Russian Air Power Turns Tide for Assad Hamas Kills Its Own Commander for Unnamed 'Violations' Haiti president steps down without successor in place. Russia shuts down two more banks as economic troubles mount Detainees held by the Syrian government are dying on a massive scale amounting to a state policy of extermination of the civilian population, a crime against humanity, U.N. investigators have said. Somalia plane blast airport worker 'handed device to bombing suspect' Murders in Spain, and a Dublin attack with AK47s the deadly 20year war of Irelands drug cartels Over 25,000 infected with Zika Virus in Colombia Iran wants India to pay oil dues in euros Saudi jets target's Yemen reservoir, dam Merkel urges better protection of EU external borders North Korea fires long range rocket. Thousands take part in antiIslam Pegida protests across Europe Oil cans as filler material spotted in walls of collapsed Taiwan building may reveal shoddy construction. A case of female genital mutilation (FGM) is reported in England every 109 minutes Most Australians Want Customs Ship to Monitor Japanese Whaling, Poll Finds  76.9% of 1,002 people want the federal govt to send a ship to oppose the whaling. Attackers torch refugee center in Prague Iran wants euro payment (not USD) for new and outstanding oil sales Headley confesses Pakistan's ISI, Army's hand in 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks South Korea and U.S. will begin talks about possibility of deploying U.S. missile defence system, after North Korea's rocket launch Lithuania pledges to publish names of 1,000 suspected Nazi collaborators Luxembourg Just Announced Plans to Take Mining to Space and extract mineral content from metallic asteroids 340 Brazilian Companies Fined for Modern Slave Labor Conditions NATO plans biggest buildup against Russia since the Cold War but it will reject Polish demands for permanent bases Erdoan to US Choose either Turkey or the [Kurdish] PYD as your partner One dies as meteorite falls in Vellore(Tamil Nadu, India) Report on Mass Graves of Yazidis in Sinjar More than 3,100 pregnant women in Colombia have Zika virus government Airport workers seen with laptop used in Somalia jet blast N. Korea will make a special announcement at midday Woohoo email stokes more rumors of gravitational waves' detection IDF censor requires bloggers to submit posts for review Israeli censors are increasingly requiring bloggers to submit posts for prepublication review. The military has been reaching out to bloggers on Facebook  opening a new social media frontier for an old media law Japan PM Abe calls N.Korean launch 'absolutely intolerable Meteorite hits Denmark Taiwan investigates building toppled in quake after oil cans spotted in its pillars Haiti  Armed men in military fatigues marched in the capital